Tony just blinked at him. “I don’t think that counts as a real lie, Rogers. That’s practically the truth. Also how did I not see pictures of this? I can’t believe that it wasn’t all over the news. Oh, Halloween. That’s when I was working on the thing for the update. Yeah, okay. Still. J, throw some pictures of Captain America as Superman up on the wall.” Immediately, photos covered the walls – Steve in glasses with the S peeking out of his button-up shirt, Steve posing with his hands on his hips and cape flared out behind him, Steve flexing with kids hanging off his arms.
“I can’t believe my two best friends are getting married today! You’re welcome for that, by the way.”
“I think the airbag broke my nose,” she said, muffled, “but I think I’m okay. Holy shit.”
With his enhanced hearing, Steve heard Clint mutter, “Seriously? He’s calling us dramatic?”
He gave her a half-smile and a shrug in return. He'd already checked in using his fake ID and credit card, so he took her directly to the room. He made tea and sat across the table from her.
“J, scan social media for any mentions of big events – weddings, funerals, etc. – that our targeted family members have in the upcoming two weeks. Let’s pick a date that they can all come to. Once you get a hold of everyone, make travel arrangements. Rent out the Plaza for two days. No other guests. Set up drivers to pick everyone up from the airport. You know the drill.”
“That’s a text message.” Tony tapped what looked a little text bubble from the comic strips Steve used to draw. “It’s like a… like a telegram, but instantaneous and directly to your phone.”
Despite the edge to his tone, Steve couldn’t manage to bring himself out of his wonder at the workshop. “I don’t know how you ever bring yourself to leave this room. Though I suppose you’d get hungry after a while.”
“You said no, right?” Bruce asked, fidgeting nervously. “I mean it would’ve been bad enough having SHIELD with that kind of tech, but now that we know they’re Hydra?”
"See there are levels. Higher levels get more info. Fury is 10. Hill and Coulson are 9, you're 8. The superspies are both level 7. You don't get, like, memos on all the stuff you're cleared to know, but you can mostly access it. I hacked up high enough. Coulson surviving is level 7 data."
“Of course, Captain. Mr. Stark is in his lab. Dr. Banner and Thor have not yet returned from their outing. Mr. Barton and Miss Romanoff have not arrived yet.”
“How will you keep them from sending them immediately?” Clint asked.
“Hey Clint, wanna head this guy off? No need to waste his time when we got this.”
You’re starting on musical education without me? J, throw on some Black Sabbath. I can’t leave something this important to a guy who shoots arrows for a living. Okay, music can stay on in the background while we work through the phone how-to.”
“Not one to pull your punches, huh?”
“Eh, I’ll make some up. Now, what do you like in a woman?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes, I’m very concerned about how my ass looks in my alien-fighting pants.” Steve turned back in time to hear Scott Lang say that as far as he was concerned, it was America’s ass. They watched as STRIKE team, including Rumlow, came out of the elevator to take the scepter and future Tony explained to Scott that the whole team was Hydra, although they hadn’t known that at the time.
"Yeah, well. I got a late start. What unit you with?"
Clint's reaction was much more pronounced than Natasha's had been. "Wow,
“Well hello there Steve the firefighter,” came a flirty voice over the phone. “I would love to get dinner with you on Saturday. I thought you’d never ask.”
“I’d like for you to go to Tennessee and see if you can figure anything out about the explosion that happened there, if that’s alright with you. You can get there the fastest, except for Thor, and I think you’re better suited for investigation. I’m going to coordinate from here for now. Bruce, I’d like you to help with any… scientific… things,” Steve cracked a smile at Tony’s accompanying snort, “from here. I’d also like to keep Thor with us so we have a flier. You said Jim is working this from his end?”
“Okay, how’s this. We bring their emergency contacts to the tower for an all-expense-paid ‘grand prize tour’ with the Avengers. No one would turn that down. Then we – and by we I mean Cap – talk to them. They can record messages of themselves talking with Cap, list the Hydra and non-Hydra members in each group, plus the planned time of attack, and then we have them all send them at once, and boom, we’re ready to go.” Tony threw his arms out in a mimed explosion.
“Okay, you two know SHIELD better than any of us, so I want you to make a list of the agents you trust without question. Don’t approach anyone. Tony, can you run a deeper analysis on the agents themselves? See who works with Rumlow and the STRIKE team, if there’s any sort of pattern?”
Steve just grinned and let them fight it out. His mood was great, until he felt the car tilt and pull to the side. Damn, he really meant to replace the tires yesterday. He put his blinker on and pulled to a stop in the breakdown lane. Oh well, it was an easy enough fix. Even if he’d been alone, it wouldn’t have taken him long, but the four of them had worked together at the firehouse for so long that they were a well-oiled machine. Without a word, they all got out of the car. He popped the trunk and walked around the front to take a look. As they got things going, he saw a car pull off pretty far in front of them. He chuckled. Nice to see that there were still good Samaritans out there, even if this one overshot and the four firefighters didn’t really need any help.
Bruce frowned. “They don’t have anyone on record as being a prisoner, but to be honest, I’d be willing to bet at least some of the scientists are there against their will. They might’ve gotten in too deep before knowing what exactly they were getting into.”
“Damn. I’m not sure what else we can do here or how to find Tony. It’ll be dark soon, so I guess Thor and I will go back to the quinjet and get some sleep. No point in coming all the way back to New York if it ends up being around here. Hopefully Tony will get in touch soon. At least we know he’s alright. Or he was when he left here.”
Tony bristled, but Steve smiled and responded first. “Sure, me too. But that’s not what this is. Besides, we wanted to verify that you were, well, really not dead, before we got their hopes up. Your supposed death hit them pretty hard. Clint in particular.” Steve knew Clint had nightmares about the agents whose death had resulted from Loki taking over his brain, and he wasn’t inclined to soften it for Coulson. Tony may have been prepared to go in guns blazing, but Steve, in his more subtle way, was just as angry.
Rhodey looked back and forth between the two of them with an inscrutable expression, then cleared his throat. “Well, I’m glad you called the Captain when you called me. We’ll need backup for what’s coming.”
After Steve meets with Peggy, he and the rest of the team come up with some new plans - with appearances from new friends and old - to take on Hydra.
“Wow, okay. I guess we’re debriefing now, then,” he joked.
“I took an initial look at the schematics,” Natasha said, interrupting Steve’s train of thought. “Shouldn’t be a problem.”
Steve smiled. “I do like my StarkPhone. I’ve always found that Stark tech is the best. Howard was an ass, but he was a brilliant ass. I also like how far things have come in terms of equality. I mean there’s still a long way to go, from what I understand, but there’s been a lot of progress. It’s nice that I wouldn’t have to have a big fight with the brass to lead an integrated unit. And women in the army! I’m sure Peggy loves that. She had a tougher time than she should’ve.”
“I’ll give you one. And when I say your team is not cleared to know, I mean none of them, not just below, but no one above you, including Fury.” Steve added. “You know my history better than most, Phil. You know I’m not one for the hierarchy of command. With the Commandos, I kept no secrets from my team, and the Avengers work the same way. For good reason.” He exchanged a glance with Tony. “So you’ll understand that there if I’m asking you for silence, there’s a good reason.” He looked Phil in the eye and waited.
“Well then, Captain. I guess you’re in charge.”
“Dude. Captain America needs my help. There’s no better reason to get back in.”
“Yes to the audio. I’ve got a year of surveillance stored on-site and another ten years backed up off-site. I find it extremely useful in business deals, and it definitely came in handy after I became Iron Man. You wanna wait for the other musketeers or go ahead and get started?”
“Sure, Tony, whatever you think. I’ll see if I can get Sharon to put together a list, as well.”
Steve immediately pushed himself to a seated position. “He’s a year older than me,” he whispered. “Oh my God, they have Bucky!”
“Ugh, now I wanna take it back. Anyway, if you rescue Barnes, they’ll know you’re not Hydra and the game is up. We have to coordinate his rescue with the elimination of all the Hydra threats. We can pretty easily get the information on a coordinated attack to the main SHIELD locations – HQ, the Triskelion, the Hub, the Academy, the Fridge, the embassy locations we have in all active countries. The problem will be the little teams – ones like Coulson’s – where one or two of their trusted teammates is secretly Hydra.”
“It’s been almost a year since you woke up, though. It would be natural to think about dating.” She laughed in delight at the look of absolute panic on his face. “Don’t worry, солнце
“I think this is going to require Captain America,” Natasha said.
Steve smiled at JARVIS’s dry humor, which he was starting to get used to in a machine. “Stick with me for a bit, will you JARVIS? Thanks.”
“Yeah, that sounds like it could be Extremis. It’s designed to heal almost anything that could happen to the human body - all number of diseases, amputated limbs, birth defects, you name it. But I’m guessing it’s unstable. That could be what they want Tony’s help with. You have no idea where he went?”
“He took Pepper? How long ago? What are you doing about it?” Tony lurched toward Steve, who caught him by the upper arms.
Phil shook it, then smiled over at Tony. “You weren’t kidding about his persuasive skills. My team has a mission. I’ll drop them off and come to New York. I’ll be there tomorrow night.”
Neither of them spoke for a moment, just breathing quietly. The longer the silence went on, the tenser Steve got. Suddenly, Tony started to laugh. Steve was rather taken aback. He hadn’t known what to expect, but it wasn't laughter. He straightened his spine, realizing he’d been leaning closer and closer to Tony as he talked. He’d started gathering up his things when Tony grabbed his wrist with one hand as he waved the other frantically.
“Alright, drink’s on hold for now. I reserve the right to change my mind, depending on what the boy scout has to offer.”
Steve took a deep breath and made his way to the workshop, but he forgot everything he was planning to say the moment the doors opened. “Killer diller!” he whispered in awe, so softly Tony may not have even heard him. His fingers itched for a drawing pencil in a way they hadn’t since he’d awoken in this century. Though the walls were unremarkable, the contents of the room radiated beauty. One whole wall was a museum exhibit, displaying Iron Man suits, and everywhere he looked were holograms that appeared to be there by magic. Spinning around with a grin that felt unfamiliar on his face, Steve spotted Tony at a table, screwdriver in hand, watching him curiously.
Tony’s smile went soft around the edges. “Relax, Pep, I’m fine. JARVIS is monitoring me. I’m too wired to sleep now, anyway. I had some cold pizza. Guess we'll take a raincheck on the shawarma.” Right at that moment, though, Steve’s stomach growled, loudly and to his great embarrassment. Pepper, who hadn’t seen him in her Tony-tunnel-vision, whirled around, eyes widening. Tony laughed. “Apparently, the big guy feels differently. Pepper, this is Steve Rogers. Cap, this is Pepper Potts, light of my life and CEO of my company. I don’t suppose anywhere is going to be delivering tonight, huh?”
decided he agreed with Pepper that the BBC version was better. He made his way through
“Fair enough. Thanks for the update, JARVIS.” Steve stepped off the elevator and everyone stopped talking.
"Hey, Tony, I know you're really busy, but do you think you could help me with something?"
“You have nothing to apologize for. Really, Tony. I, uh, just… I want you to know that I’m not picking Bucky over you. I’m not. And if other me did, he was an idiot.” Steve realized abruptly that he and Tony were standing really close. His whole body felt electrified. He swore he could feel the heat from Tony’s body. He swallowed hard, opening his mouth to continue talking before realizing he couldn’t think of a single thing to say. He closed his mouth, licked his lips, and watched Tony’s eyes track the movement.
“What malfunction in your arc reactor? Are you okay?”
Natasha raised one eyebrow, but Tony responded first. “Yeah, that sounds like Aunt Peggy.” Steve jolted a little and looked at Tony, who was not looking back. He supposed it was reasonable the Howard and Peggy had stayed close after the war, but he hadn’t thought about it in terms of Tony.
“Well, Birdbrain and I were eating popcorn. Natasha was eating popcorn and silently judging your performance. Bruce was in his lab because he’s all mature.”
while Clint pushed something called
Steve felt a wave of grief for the Peggy he'd known. "Thanks, Tony. I don't want to talk to her in public, either, though. Any ideas?"
what this would do to me. I hardly slept for months. Everyone else I killed, that was bad enough, but to know I was responsible for your death –”
“Son of a bitch. God damn Garrett. I trusted him. Fuck.” He took a deep breath and Steve could see as he changed from Trip to Agent Triplett. “Okay, so why are you telling me? Are you going door-to-door to every real SHIELD agent’s mother’s house? Like a tall Girl Scout selling horrifying news?”
Steve sighed. “You seem to have forgotten a lotta things about me. I was also a soldier in World War II. It’s fine. Status?”
Steve made himself turn away from the suits to face Tony. “Actually, I’m here for two reasons. The first is to apologize for everything I said on the helicarrier. You are a hero, and you deserve my respect.”
First, this is so much later than I wanted. I had a really solid idea of how I wanted it to start and how I wanted it to end, but then I had to rewrite the middle a couple of times to get it to fit right. Turns out it's pretty hard to figure out what would happen in the MCU if the Avengers actually talked to each other. On the plus side, it’s almost twice as long as my usual chapters.
“I’ll think about it.” Before he left, Steve leaned forward and slapped both hands on the desk. “You should trust me, Fury.” When he pulled back, he’d left a tiny slip of paper with an address. He knew Natasha would text Fury a meeting time later. He made eye contact, then flicked them down to the paper without moving his head so much as a millimeter, just as he’d practiced dozens of times with Natasha until she assured him that no recording device would pick up any tells from him. Then he turned and walked out of the office, careful not to look back.
, on the other hand. He’s right. You did know what this would do to him. You recruited him. You listened to him when he wanted to break orders and recruit me. You’ve been the person we trusted most for
love her? That was all to… what, make you sound tough? I don’t get it.”
As Tony tapped the text bubble, a window opened.
Steve blinked. That had sounded almost… flirty? No, that couldn’t be right. He was just kidding. Right? He shook his head and turned to Natasha, who was giving him an assessing look. “I’ll see if I can bump into Rumlow in the gym this week. See if he wants to meet for a beer.” He wrinkled his nose.
“Just because Steve isn’t here to mother-hen you, doesn’t mean you don’t need to eat. But I don’t cook, so you get Doritos and Pop-Tarts. Take your pick.”
Tony brushed this off with a careless wave. “Eh, we were under the influence of Loki’s scepter. Everyone said things they didn’t mean. Old news, bygones, water under the bridge.”
was one of my favorites. I enjoyed the
“How are we going to get there?” Tony asked.
"You figured I was the one most likely to tell Fury, so you wanted me on board first. Smart. You have my word. So, have I proved myself worthy?"
Steve told you, and he did it while making sure that your best friend was there to support you, and then left his only home in this century to give you the space you need. And speaking of your best friend, what would you do if Rhodes had been the one compromised? Would you just hand his well-being over someone else? Steve was in a tough spot. Cut him some slack.”
“You were unconscious for approximately 15 minutes, Captain Rogers.” Steve jumped to his feet, bracing himself for an attack.
“Because they didn’t cease to exist when the Red Skull did. Zola brought them over when SHIELD recruited him. He worked for SHIELD because they thought he could help them with the serum. Instead, he rebuilt Hydra within SHIELD. There are thousands of SHIELD agents. Hundreds of them are actually Hydra. Including John Garrett.”
“Steve,” Natasha said slowly. “I was thinking. We’ve been treating Hydra and Bucky as two separate issues. What if they’re not? What if Zola didn’t just have the serum, but an actual test subject? What if Hydra has control of the Winter Soldier?”
That night, Steve dreamed, as he so often did, of the day Bucky fell from the train. He woke, suppressing a scream, his arm thrown out in front of him. He glanced at the clock – 4:22 – and sighed. He could try to go back to sleep, but he knew it wouldn’t work. Instead, he decided to grab some breakfast and head for the gym, like he usually did, to pound out his frustration, guilt, and regret on the heavy bag. He stayed for a couple of hours, then walked back to his place. He was surprised to find that the changes made yesterday lifted his spirits a bit when he walked back inside. He picked up a history book to pass the time until he met Natasha.
Steve cleared his throat. “Thank you, Tony. Really.”
"Maybe first we should figure out how Hydra came to exist within SHIELD," Clint suggested. He was visibly restless.
Steve went into Tony’s lab a couple of hours later with two bottles of water under his arm and two plates of food – Tony had missed dinner. “Hey, Tony. How’s it going?”
Tony took the wrench out of his mouth and wiped his hands on a rag before taking his plate and looking askance at the water. “Fine. Why wouldn’t it be fine?” Steve raised an eyebrow at him. “Okay, it’s not fine, but I don’t wanna talk about it. Talk about something else. I’ll update you on my search for Barnes instead. Or hey! I have an invasive personal question. I’ve been wondering something since I found out you were gay.” Steve choked a little on his water. This was not going where he’d expected. “Was Barnes… I mean were you and Barnes… I mean he seems so important to you.”
“Me too. Ugh. I’m going to have to start undercover lessons with Natasha.”
Tony spoke first. “So you’re telling me that our future selves came back in time to beat the crap out of us and steal our stuff?”
Time to start building the new team. Though they’d been forged in battle, just as the Howling Commandos had, they needed to do some of the normal stuff, too – playing cards, telling wild stories, talking about their girls back home. The real bonding happened in the little moments between battle. Steve cleared his throat, eyes on his food. “So, it seems I’ve got an awful lot of culture to catch up on. Anyone want to help me with that?” He looked up from under his lashes, trying to gauge their reaction. As usual, Natasha showed none, though she did glance briefly at Clint. Clint, on the other hand, looked excited.
"Well, that reaction was pretty reassuring. How much do you know about SHIELD's structure?"
“Good way to keep things in the family. The world I grew up in was a mess. Way I see it, not that much has changed. Order isn’t a bad idea, Schmidt was just too loud about it. I don’t seem to have too much trouble getting people to do exactly what I want them to.” Steve used one thumb to pop the top off a beer that Kaminsky had placed in front of him and took a long drink, never breaking eye contact with Rumlow.
Steve found himself looking for Tony, who was watching him. “I’ll take care of the behind the scenes. We’ll find him.”
“Aw, don’t be mad, Sourpatch. I told you after the battle that I was fine.” Clearly deciding that distraction was the best technique here, he ducked behind Steve. “Here, meet Steve Rogers. Cap, meet Rhodey. He’s been my best friend since MIT, and then he abandoned the vastly superior world of engineering to become Colonel James Rhodes.” He stopped talking abruptly when Steve saluted. After JARVIS had spilled the beans on the gay rights movement, Steve decided to prioritize finding out what other civil rights changes had happened while he’d been on ice. He was grateful for that now, or he’d have been unable to hide his surprise at a black man making the rank of colonel. He wished he’d understood his phone better last night – it would’ve made the research a lot easier. Rhodey, who had clearly been so single-minded in his frustration with Tony that he’d missed the super-solider-sized blonde, looked a little dazed. Tony smirked at the two of them.
A few weeks later, she asked him to get dinner with her. As they sat eating pasta, she decreed that they should skip the shop talk. He raised one eyebrow at her and she smiled in return. “So, tell me about Steve Rogers in the 21st century. You like your StarkPhone? What’s your favorite thing about it?”
Steve took that as his cue to leave. "That'd be great. Come by anytime. I'm over -"
“That’s why I don’t ask.”
“Steve, you’ve watched me build dozens of suits over the last six months. Lucky for you, they have a remote access feature, now that I’ve connected back to JARVIS. They’ll meet us there.”
Author’s endnote: Okay, so here’s what you need to know from Agents of SHIELD (this note covers both this chapter and future chapters, so don’t read it if you’re unfamiliar with AoS and don’t want to know). Most of my inspiration/use of them will be from the first couple of seasons, so that’s what I’ll discuss here.
“Not bad, all things considered. Better now. I was pretty pissed about the cards. I would’ve picked Barton and Romanoff for a stealth B&E.”
“No, no, Jesus, I’m sorry. I just… my whole life, my dad held you up as this paragon of everything I’d never be, and trust me, straight was definitely on the list. It just hit me all at once – every comparison he made, everything I ever hated you for, and he never really knew you at all. No wonder he never liked me. All he had to compare me to was some cardboard cutout in his head that never even existed.”
As Steve walked away, his extra-sensitive, serum-enhanced hearing just picked up Tony’s chuckle. “Shit, he’d better hope that none of the villains figure out how scared he is of beautiful women. Aliens and Hydra, no problem. You walk into the room and he can’t escape fast enough.” Steve heard Pepper’s light laughter fade as he walked away.
is amazing. It has the best characters and good representation and a giant flying bison and the relationships are meaningful. And hands down the best character arc ever. Plus it’s all about a team, which should resonate with the good Captain.”
Tony blinked at him. “Seriously? I’m sorry,
“I was recruited by my original SO,” Rumlow said, “and I brought Rollins in later. Together, we turned most of STRIKE. The ones who weren’t a good fit were… reassigned.”
“No, I think I may actually be. Clint and Tony already know. Might as well add in Bruce, and Thor when he comes back. Do we have any idea where Hydra stands on gay rights? I might have to suck it up and stay in the closet if I’m going to pull off my undercover mission.”
“I asked him to grab a beer with Natasha and me!”
After they left Steve turned to Tony. "Alright, out with it. What didn't you want to tell me in front of the rest of the class?" Steve gave a half-smile that Tony didn't return.
Natasha pulled out a slim box and flashed it at Clint. “Perfect! Great movie, a million references, nothing that should be too touchy. Pop it in!” They settled in, Thor and Steve on the couch, Natasha in an armchair, and Clint stretched out on the floor. Natasha brought out warm, buttery popcorn in pretty cream-colored bowls.
“Some things are worth breaking orders for,” Steve interrupted. “I think this was one of them. I’d like to be able to trust you with my team, but something like this can’t happen again. I’ll certainly be having some interesting discussions about it with Fury. Now, it could be that you know more about SHIELD than I do. On the other hand, maybe you don’t.” He put his hand on Clint’s other shoulder. “Tony and I talked about it, and like I said, I’d like to bring Phil in, but it’s your call, Clint.”
“I’m sure he did,” Phil sighed. “Okay, so you’ve established that I’m alive and dazzled my science team. Is there anything else?”
Tony shrugged. “Sure. So what we need is an introduction to Hydra that Cap has met and they haven’t. Someone from before their time.”
responsible,” Natasha interrupted harshly, finally moving to stand behind Clint and putting her hand on his shoulder. “You had no control over that. None. None of the deaths were your fault. You have nothing to feel guilty about.” She turned to Phil. “
Steve liked listening to Tony explain new tech. He was less enthusiastic about whatever music Tony had put on. It was fine, but it didn’t really resonate with him. He hoped Clint’s music was better. As they went on, he realized how useful the phone was going to be. He could look things up in real-time, instead of making a list of things to ask about later. For the second time, Steve’s time with Tony was interrupted by a stranger barging into the lab.
“Could we use their emergency contacts?” Bruce asked.
“Well that seems unnecessarily harsh.”
Tony’s eyes shot up to meet Clint’s. “What are you talking about? Why would you have to leave?”
“Yeah, that’s fair, but I gotta say, I don’t think getting attacked by the secretary was really Steve’s fault,” Clint said.
“Wait, consultant?” Bruce interrupted. “Like you’re a part-time Avenger they pay by the hour so they don’t have to give you benefits?”
The one expression Steve did not expect was confusion. “Okay, we’ll get to the ‘asking a lot’ thing in a second, but what the hell do you mean I’ve given you so much already?”
“Whatever I think, he says. Like he’s all agreeable and malleable. Well I’m going to take you at your word and do it exactly how I want to. When are you coming back to New York?”
“Thank you! She
“She shot Sitwell? That might be a good sign. Long story short, Hydra is inside SHIELD. Future-me didn’t tell me that. He impersonated Hydra to steal Loki’s scepter from Rumlow and Sitwell, which we found out recently, when Rumlow said ‘Hail Hydra’ to me in the SHIELD locker room. We’re trying to separate loyal SHIELD agents from Hydra double agents.”
Steve walked into the tower only ten minutes later. He knew he was wearing what Clint called his Captain face. “JARVIS, can you please tell me whether the other Avengers are here yet?”
.” Steve realized he was gushing and started to blush. “Anyway, I realized that I never really even thanked you for that. I just sort of let you do it.”
Without Tony having to say anything, JARVIS immediately projected the recording. Steve and Tony settled onto the couch to watch. They saw future Tony fly in through the window to watch as their current (past? If Steve still got headaches, this would give him one) team threatened Loki. On-screen, future Tony scoffed, “Mr. Rogers, I almost forgot, that that suit did nothing for your ass.” As future Steve replied on-screen, current Steve turned to raise an eyebrow and smirk at Tony.
Tony gave a half-smile of his own and returned the handshake. “Should I sit down for this? Or maybe a drink is in order?”
“Oh. Well. I guess I didn’t really figure you guys would want to come. You’ve already got your special SHIELD-sanctioned rooms. I’m sure they’re very… symmetrical.”
Since this is my first fic, I don't have a lot of experience with tagging. I'm adding stuff as I think of it, but let me know if you see anything you think I should add to the tags!
is Bucky Barnes? They didn't do him any justice at all in the comics. Musta had all the good artists working on you," Clint grinned. "Too bad. He was always my favorite. No offense. And I didn't even know how pretty he was." Steve looked up sharply. JARVIS had said it was fine now, but he hadn't been prepared to hear Clint just say outright that he thought Bucky was pretty. "I just loved that he was a sniper," Clint carried on without commenting on Steve's noticeable jolt. "Man, I thought he was the best thing since sliced bread. His picture can stay up. Hers too. Everything else in this depressing pit has to go." He looked Steve up and down. "Including your fashion sense. Come on Tash, it'll be fun."
“Why not? You were the only one there with him when he died. You told me you didn’t even kill him – the tesseract did it for you. So we just come up with a story in which he convinced you of the need of Hydra but died touching the tesseract because he wasn’t as strong as he thought, and you couldn’t do anything about it because, Hydra or not, you had people in New York that you didn’t want to see nuked. You wanted a more… orderly Hydra. Only taking out those who were a direct threat."
“Trusted,” Clint corrected, voice tighter than Steve had ever heard it. “Past tense. I’m not sure if I’m ready to upgrade it to present.” He narrowed his eyes. “How
“Oh. Well then. I guess I’m talking to a bunch of family members. That’s a great plan, Tony. I mean that’s basically what I did for Trip, just more… efficient.” Steve sat down heavily on the sofa, a little stunned at how quickly the planning had gone while he had just stood there absorbing the feeling of Tony’s hand on his shoulder. He took a deep breath. “We also have to plan our own attack on the facility where they’re keeping Bucky.” He chanced a glance at Tony, who, surprisingly, didn’t visibly tighten at his words. He looked instead at Rhodey, who was still watching him. Rhodey didn’t smile, but he gave Steve the tiniest of nods.
“That’s not it! Actually, I think it’s that you remind me so much of Peggy. Peggy Carter,” he clarified for the rest of the room. “She trained me out of stammering at her, especially on the job. She couldn’t afford for anyone to take her less than 100% seriously. She might’ve beaten the lesson into me a little.” Steve rubbed the back of his head with a reminiscent grin, as though he could feel the ghost of a swat. “I’ll admit, taking a punch didn’t usually help me learn any lessons, but Peggy was special, and she’d earned a spot where people took her seriously. Besides, I tried to mostly do what she said after that time she shot at me.”
to Tony, then continued, deciding that he deserved the truth. “I was angry. I
Steve’s favorite was when Tony talked him through various new tech – they covered everything from smartphones and video games to armor and weapons for the team. He loved the way Tony lit up and bounced when he talked tech. He talked with his whole body and leaned into the role of instructor. He seemed to appreciate how quickly Steve picked things up and laughed when Steve groused about the lack of help SHIELD had been. When Tony asked, Steve handed over his phone to let Tony tinker with it. He promised that SHIELD would no longer be able to monitor Steve’s phone usage, and they’d only hear conversations that Steve had in otherwise monitored locations. “Won’t Fury be suspicious if they suddenly can’t see what I’m doing anymore?”
“We’re telling you we can’t be sure he’s not,” answered Tony shortly. “No one really knows him. He keeps too much to himself. Case in point.” He gestured to Phil.
How could you not tell us you were still alive? It’s been almost a year.”
"Couldn't help but follow in your footsteps, huh?" He asked with a grin. Peggy had solved his two biggest problems in no time at all. "I missed you. My new team is great, but they're still settling in and getting used to each other. They're not quite a team yet."
Timeline update for those having trouble keeping track of where we are! This chapter picks up right where the last chapter left off, so February/March-ish of 2013, or about the time of the second Thor movie (the timing of that movie isn't particularly clear, so I've elected to have it happen then).
“It’s easy for the villagers to have faith, Captain. They don’t have anything to lose.” Howard studies his face carefully, his mind wrapping itself around this development. “And assuming you’re right – you would climb on the throne ready to share it with someone else? With my son?”
He lowered the glass, focusing on inhaling and exhaling. At some point, he felt the warm, light touch of the cat rubbing its head against his calf.
The endearment made Steve widen his eyes, even though he
“Even if I—” Tony’s mouth snaps shut and his jaw clenches. He blinks incredibly fast, and in a second, he’s looking away, turning towards the table. “Okay.” He takes a deep breath, and Steve frowns, torn between worry and the clutching anxiety of somehow having said the wrong thing. “Okay, no dancing. Uh, I—I think I’m gonna get a drink, do you want any?”
at Steve anymore (except when he was, but those moments were getting rarer as time went by, almost worryingly so). It had just… slipped, somehow, and shit – maybe there, in the darkness of the room, Tony could admit that it had slipped because he
Steve frowns. “Understand what?”
“Hmmm,” Tony murmurs approvingly, eyes closing again, even though, as far as Steve kisses go, that one is pretty weak. Still, it’s a nice start, and sometimes it’s good to have encouragement.
Tony inhaled deeply. Silence lingered for a moment, and then he thought he heard a small noise, like someone opening their mouth to talk.
“I… I think it could,” Bruce says, a little hesitant. “But we’d still be putting someone else under… under this.” His nerves makes his voice go slightly softer. “There’s no telling what type of reactions—”
Seriously:
a surprise.
“We’re still working on it,” Bruce replied, and Steve held back a frustrated sigh. “But we think we’ve figured out the ray’s mechanism already – so it’s really a matter of when, and not if.”
The small agreement weighed on his chest as Stark’s eyes widened, and Steve wanted to take it back, suddenly terrified of what it meant. But what was he scared of, anyway? Certainly, he didn’t believe Stark would jump him in his sleep or something, right?
For a millisecond, Tony is certain that he somehow misunderstood every single one of Steve’s actions, from the kiss to the hand holding to the
If he’s completely honest, when he takes the elevator up the Avengers tower, the only, sole thing he’s hoping for is to see Tony’s face again.
He looks asleep. More than anything, though, he looks… relaxed. There’s no tension in his jaw. His hair falls over his forehead and his closed eyes make his eyelashes brush the upper part of his cheeks. His breath is calm and steady, chest raising and lowering at steady intervals.
, he says.
for that to happen.
Steve opens his mouth to protest, but his words are swallowed by Tony’s tongue, and then Tony is straddling him, his cock pressed against Steve’s stomach, wet and firm. Steve raises his hips, chasing the friction, and Tony lets him feel it for one glorious moment, before pulling away with one light bite to Steve’s lower lip, to sit at his ankles.
all over again – the pain, the fear, the excruciating heat – and although his eyes were open, it was as if his body hadn’t fully emerged yet, as if it was permanently trapped in the dream.
A month after the disaster in Siberia, Tony waffles between calling or not calling Steve, twisting the flip phone on his hand.
He stood up to grab some pillows to make a bed for himself on the couch. As he reached his closet, he heard Tony speaking, from the living room.
Steve’s eyes widen, and his expression is impossible to read, because just looking at his stupid gorgeous blushed face is already too much for Tony right now. He just wants to turn around and leave.
“We all have our habits,” he says solemnly, though a grin plays on his lips. Steve doesn’t want to smile back because Tony can’t just be late for something as important as a wedding like that, but it’s hard to not reciprocate. “Mine is bypassing my alarm clock each morning and sleeping until the bride is five steps away from the front door.”
“It’s okay,” Steve said, sounding strained, and still very much
“If I’m a demigod,” Steve said. Part of him wanted to laugh at the entire thing and say Stark was probably pranking him, but a larger part of him believed the man, as ridiculous as everything sounded. “I’m a god of what?” At Stark’s gaze, he added: “You mentioned ‘special abilities’.”
, and they enjoy his performance of the story, especially the high-pitched noise he makes for the chicken’s lines.
, are you crazy? Here,” he grabbed Stark’s arm, pulling him to the nearest safe spot he could find – his building.
The man stopped right next to him. As the pedestrian light went green, neither of them moved, Steve feeling the weight of his gaze as he stared ahead.
“I will.” Rhodey’s hand gives his shoulder one final squeeze. “Just – be careful. And whatever you see…” His face closes in a weird expression, a mix of compassion and worry. “Try not to take it too hard.”
That rang a bell in Steve’s head. Tony
The thing is that… well, it’s not that simple, story time. It’s not just about reading—the kids enjoy interacting and reacting, and they need some kind of extra touch to follow the narrative. Steve, trying hard as Tony knows he is, just isn’t doing anything to make the story interesting – no acting out the characters voices, no dramatic pauses for extra impact, nothing. He’s just… reading, and Tony guesses the kids were instructed to be respectful in Captain America’s presence, so that’s why they haven’t raised hell yet, but there’s no denying they’re bored.
and suddenly Tony hadn’t cared exactly what was he saying, as long as he could make him stop somehow.
Well, okay. “Clearly we haven’t done a good enough job selling that, though, if she thinks you’re gonna cheat on me that easily.”
– but not that.
“Oh, honey, that’s perfect,” Tony purrs in his ear, and Steve shivers, his insecurity melting away at the tenderness in his words, being replaced by sheer arousal when Tony’s hands go lower, grabbing his rear. “I was hoping you’d say that,” he whispers, and Steve can feel Tony's grin against his neck, but he has no time to reply, because, in the next second, Tony’s hands are massaging his ass, squeezing tightly in a rhythm that makes Steve whimper.
Dummy barked in protest at the suggestion, and Steve couldn’t blame him. “It’s still pouring outside,” he said. “You two can stay, it’s fine. You can have my bed.”
he says with a grin.
Steve winces at his words. He looks downwards, tries to pull his hand away again. “Tony. What happened…” His jaw clenches, and Tony is watching in real time, Steve Rogers pulling himself together, closing himself to Tony. “I’m so sorry. For, for everything… This…” He raises his free hand to gesture around them, and the whole room distorts further, as if in response.
Tony opens his eyes before he has the time to even imagine what he’s going to see.
So, yes Tony felt like he was driving himself a little insane with the task of touching Steve while making it seem that he wanted him without, you know, actually showing he did want him. And he and Steve were both mutually ignoring that one time where they beat the shit out of each other and spent two years without speaking, which was a little awkward, to say the least.
Tired of standing near the dance floor, Steve moves closer to the ship’s window. The view of space is beautiful, deep but still flooded with the colors of the things Steve can’t call fireworks. Steve especially likes to look at the Earth, seeming so small at such a distance.
Tony gives him an amused, soft smile. He turns Steve’s hand again, kissing the inside of his wrist this time.
“I’m breathing,” Steve deadpanned. He felt a little guilty immediately afterwards –
He picked up his phone from his pocket, intending to text Bruce to ask how much more would the spell last, when Steve started nuzzling his leg with his nose.
Steve sips on his drink. The warmth that goes down his throat is still surprising, even if it’s not his first sip. Valkyrie had raised a single eyebrow at him when he said he couldn’t get drunk, then handed him the mead with a
It’s Howard’s turn to clench his jaw. Annoyance sparks in his belly, though he still doesn’t fully understand why. Surely, whatever ulterior motive he was hoping to find doesn’t exist, so he should leave Rogers be.
Steve, who’s mentally cursing out both his heater for being broken and himself for not having taken up Tony’s offers to fix it earlier, can barely grasp what he means. “You’re—What?”
His men are neutralized now, though. Tony leaves the task of watching over them to Vision and Rhodey, flying out of the main chamber and into a hallway.
A long stretch of silence passes, and then Tony whispers into Steve’s ear:
And again.
“Yeah,” Steve says, and Tony can feel his smile against his skin, a soft, smooth line. It’s fucking insane, to think of all the ways he has experienced Steve’s smile today. It makes his head spin. “Why are you asking me these things?”
It would be fair and logical, Tony imagines, if the wonderful synchronicity he and Steve fight with also translated to their relationship outside of the field.
Well, to be fair, the ceremony is quite lovely. Gamora and Quill’s vows are simple but beautiful, Groot as a flower girl is a surprisingly sweet moment, and the music from the 60s playing in the background during the entire thing is a nice touch.
want to be good for him, too. When they first met, part of Tony recoiled, using quips and snarky cynicism as armor against that sincere, goddamn
“What? Sorry for what?” Tony’s grip tightened around Steve’s wrist, and they had a mini tug war, as Steve tried to get loose without putting his super strength to play. “What the hell are you talking about? Am I supposed to just—”
Tony chuckles, because he barely remembers this one, and because Steve seems happy and relaxed and this makes it easier for him to laugh.
The question is a shock, personal in a way Steve wasn’t expecting, so it takes him a moment, even if Tony’s hand slows down considerably, focusing only on teasing Steve’s rim. “Yes,” he breathes, though the memory – a nameless stranger, picked up once in a night Steve just couldn’t sleep and ended up in a bar, desperate for someone, anyone, who wouldn’t call him
Steve felt his eyes going heavy at all the warmth and comfort of the small bodies covering him. He moved his hand slightly to scratch Tony’s ear and was rewarded with a soft, loving noise that sounded suspiciously like a purr.
“Shut up,” he says, at the same time Tony says, “He is, isn’t he? It’s adorable.”
(Yes, the memory of the bunker still made his chest hurt, but Steve didn’t need to know that.)
At the end, when they’re over, breathless and sweaty, Tony wraps his arms and legs around Steve and whispers, his voice frantic and desperate and delicious:
It would be quite the funny story, Tony imagined. That one time Steve accidentally spilled the beans and ruined a mission because he was too distracted staring at Tony and saying a bunch of nonsense for no reason. Hilarious.
Steve didn’t know Tony could dance, but now, it seems stupid that it never occurred to him. Of course he can.
“Everyone is totally welcome to look at him,” Tony says firmly. He points towards Steve with his arm. “He’s right there. Anyone who wants to help me is welcome to try – and, by the way, if you have any brilliant ideas, I’m listening.”
He stands up and nods towards Sam. “I’m gonna see if I can find him.”
It doesn’t take much work with the comb to fix the mess Steve made with the towels. Still, Tony hums as Steve continues, small, pleased noises seemingly coming from the back of his throat, each one filling Steve with nearly unbearable fondness.
“Yeah,” Steve breathes. Tony presses a chaste kiss on the corner of his mouth, and Steve has to smile a little at their immediate protectiveness. “I—I just think we should maybe… take this to bed,” he says, panting.
Steve swallows. He knows he deserves this, but he wishes Tony would try to understand. It’s—it’s the best for both of them, in the end. Steve spared Tony the work of letting him down gently later, down the line, when the appeal of the sex wore off, or when Steve attempted to ask for more – or worse, he thinks with his stomach clenching, when Tony gave him more and Steve didn’t know what to do with it.
“And what if you fail? What if I promise Tony will marry you, indisposing myself with the Bains, and then you face Zola and he delivers your head on my doorstep?”
Steve apparently takes his awkwardness as sleepiness, fondness all over his face as he steps towards the bathroom.
“Oh, you gotta be kidding me,” Tony said to the sidewalk.
It just—would have made it easier.
“Are you drinking?” he asks, without thinking, when he comes up to the bar. Tony raises his head and gives him a small, lifeless smile.
It was only then that he realized he was locked outside.
The kids are sitting in a perfect circle, which is already a little odd – usually they form somewhat of an oval shape at best, given their propension to stand up at random times, switch places with their colleagues, or to simply lie on their backs on the floor. They’re also not saying anything, and, after a moment of consideration, Tony realizes most of them are not following the story – their faces have vacant stares, and they’re blatantly looking anywhere but at Steve, seemingly distracted by literally anything else in the room. Two of them are sneakily coloring.
“Don’t distract him too much,” dream-Sam says with a smirk. Tony raises his eyebrows, but doesn’t reply.
), so it’s a shock when it happens, the moment right after a rarely peaceful banter, in the living room, where Tony lets his eyes wander to Steve’s pink mouth and he thinks
Tony lets out a humorless laugh. Steve doesn’t reply, though, focused on slipping the shirt off of Tony’s torso. His tanned skin gleams with leftover sprinkles of water. Steve brings both ends of the towel to the middle of Tony’s chest, enveloping him in it.
Howard’s response to Tony wasn’t exactly a lie, even if it wasn’t exactly truth, either. There is a lot to consider. There is a difference between providing the rebels with a few shipments of weapons and soldiers, and promising his son to one of them. The first one ensures their favor if their revolution succeeds; the second one effectively makes the Starks part of their rebellion, as it ensures Tony will be by Rogers’ side, when he takes the throne.
And to think Tony had naively believed they were doing well. As the first two days passed, they established a kind of routine: play the part while anyone else was around, try not to murder each other when they were supposed to be giving each other heart eyes, go back to the bedroom and ignore each other’s existence for about eight hours until they had to go out and face the aliens again.
“I wouldn’t want to overstay my welcome.” Then he gazes over at Tony, and there it is, that same sadness. “Sometimes three is fun—other times, it’s a crowd.”
Steve’s body shudders, and there’s a clear glitch on the room around them. Tony’s hand tenses on the back of his neck.
Tony raises an eyebrow, making a mental note to definitely interrogate Steve about this later, but he still hasn’t gathered enough from Steve’s reaction to find out where they go from here, so he stays quiet.
So he doesn’t.
Steve clenches his jaw, aware of the inappropriateness of those thoughts in a casual one night stand scenario. He grabs Tony’s shirt and pulls him into a deep kiss.
is another thing that shouldn’t make Steve tongue-tied, but it does. He manages to nod as Tony walks him to the bar, hand descending from his shoulder to his bicep, not really pulling him, just… touching him, very casually and very close, as if this is something they do all the time.
“Okay,” Tony says. “And you don’t think it could have ever been… different? I mean,” He’s being careless right now, making bets about the reality of Steve’s fantasy he has no idea are actually true. “We didn’t get off to the best start.”
past that, Steve thought, face heating a little at the memory of their last encounters – and it wasn’t fair for Steve to make Tony feel he had to retreat back to this kind of treatment.
The realization dawned on him only as Stark turned on the lights, and Steve couldn’t breathe, his gaze unfocused, chest heaving as he tried to calm himself down, to grasp onto reality,
It was easy to say it now, though, in hindsight. During the battle, no one knew if the spaceship had been fully evacuated, and Steve’s position was ideal to drop in. Sure, he could have waited, but HYDRA clearly wanted what was inside the ship, and, if there was anyone in there, any second they missed increased the risk of casualties, and Steve didn’t want any lives lost that day, alien or not.
Tony thinks, a little desperate.
?” Steve’s words were echoing in his mind in a loop, and Tony had a distinct feeling he would never get tired of them. “Steve, I can’t forget it. That’s not, like, a thing that can happen. It’s just not.”
Steve thinks of how many times Tony has done that. It’s insane, for him, to think that someone - multiple people - once had Tony’s hands on them and just lived their life afterwards as if nothing happened. Every touch on Steve’s skin feels like a mark he’ll never forget.
“Hi?” he says, a little tentative, before his brain catches up to reality. In his defense, he was getting ready to sleep when Tony knocked. He looks at what Tony is holding – a wet mess that seems to have been a flower bouquet at some point. “What are you doing here?”
That’s usually the moment where reality hits, where one comes back to earth, and the problem is that Tony doesn’t. Instead, he sinks his face on the curve of Steve’s neck, breathes in his sweat for a few moments, and then feels Steve’s strong hands stroking his back, as he whispers, “Maybe we should rest a little.”
in Tony’s throat five seconds ago. “Uh.” He swallowed. “Yeah, we… did. It—it won’t happen again.”
Steve frowned. “What?”
Steve really has no idea, because the next words are drowned out by his increasingly loud moans, as Tony keeps going.
“Well, yes, but only to get his password so I could read some files. It’s not like I told him where I was. Look, we can talk about that later. The point is, the guy on the TV is not the Mandarin. It’s actually – ”
A moment later, he got another text, this time from Clint.
“Sure.” He flipped to the picture he had (luckily) been working on the day before. It showed the six of them on movie night: Nat and Clint intertwined on the loveseat, Bruce tucked into an armchair, Thor sprawled across one couch with a huge bowl of popcorn in his lap, Tony and Steve on the other couch looking at each other and laughing.
“Arc reactor-powered helicarriers with continuous sub-orbital flight that sync to a network of targeting satellites.”
Clint, looking somehow both better and worse than the day before, whistled when he came into Steve's apartment. "No wonder you hate this place. It's awful."
wasn’t my type.” Steve wrinkled his nose. “Anyway, Peggy didn’t hold a grudge, but I did learn how to talk to her. Besides, you deserve to be taken seriously at SHIELD.”
Steve tries to figure out where Loki went, what happened downstairs, and where he goes from here.
Steve laughed. “No. We’re working on how to figure out how to send the information out without tipping off Hydra, but we haven’t got a handle on it yet. I’m here for two reasons. First, because I wanted you to be on guard when you go back on duty. You’ll be working one-on-one with a high-up Hydra operative. I’m giving you this tablet developed by Tony Stark to communicate with us if you get any idea about what he or Hydra might be planning.”
“What do you mean the serum?” asked Clint. “Like your serum?”
Steve laughed. “That sounds like her. When we have more time, I’d love to hear all about what it was like growing up with her, but I’m afraid I don’t have all that much time for chatting tonight. I need your help, and I need you not to tell anyone, not even SHIELD.”
Clint was right. Steve loved the movie. After it was over, Thor left to meet Jane, and Steve talked the others into giving him some book recommendations – he’d only read non-fiction since he woke up – and Tony and Clint told him that he should watch some TV shows. Tony was angling for
“And you trust me? Man, no wonder your friends had to go all superspy on me. You need a keeper. Say I agree to this. What happens then? I just quit my job, move to New York, sit around and wait for the world to explode?”
“Without having to deal with the security in this building and the possibility of other Avengers. Much easier to grab Pepper and wait for him to fly to the rescue,” Steve responded. “The question is, why do they want Tony? Just because he threatened the Mandarin?”
. "I, uh, actually read the one you recommended.
Steve turned the tech over in his hands. “This is incredible. Is this why you’ve been down here all night?”
A few minutes later, the ambulances arrived. Steve could hear Clint giving them the run-down of what had happened as they came over. “Okay, the paramedics are here. They’re going to get neck braces on you and get you transported to the hospital. They’ll take good care of you.”
Tony looked up at Steve, wide brown eyes curious and confused. Steve couldn’t look away; he felt his breath hitch as warmth flooded his whole body. He hadn’t realized how close they were. Then Tony cleared his throat and the spell was broken. Steve managed to pull himself together and stepped back as Tony started to babble.
"We're not all like you, Cap. Some of us need our beauty sleep," Tony answered after only one ring.
Steve frowned, but Pepper, who apparently understood whatever Tony was implying, interrupted. “Anyway, we just stopped by so Rhodey could say goodbye. I’m going to drive him to the airport.”
“No, but these are low-stakes. You’re practicing baby lies. I’ll be listening via comm, and when I say you’ve convinced them, I’ll let you know and you can tell them the truth.”
"Talking to Sharon, I got to learn a lot about Peggy's life. The life she lived after, well, me. SHIELD gave me files that let me know all of the commandos are dead, but I was hoping to find their families, maybe learn a little about their lives."
“What? Sure, Chinese food is fine, J, order something. But why aren’t you upset? Didn’t you ask this guy out? I feel like I would be disappointed if I asked someone out only for them to hit on my friend.”
Natasha swept in behind him. Her eyes alighted on the picture of Peggy he'd hung on one wall. "Who's the girl?"
“Great! Then I’ll allow you to change the subject.”
"I never doubted it. You're a good man, Clint. I'm glad to have you on my side." Steve chuckled lightly. "The rest of the team may not come together so easily. Natasha doesn't seem like she trusts easily. Neither do Banner and Stark, for that matter. Don't get me wrong, it sounds like they all got plenty-a reason, but it is gonna make my life a little more challenging. I don't think I understood how much I needed this. Not the fighting, like Loki said. But the team. I got nothin' here. Now. Also, I didn't realize until I saw this place how much I hate my place."
Steve just stared at her. He realized that she did look a little like Bucky’s baby sister. Maybe that had been enough to reach him. He thought this would probably be a lot more shocking if he hadn’t already been told Bucky was still alive, but he still had no idea how to respond. He’d already known he had failed Bucky, but a quick death was very different from decades of torture and brainwashing. He was saved answering by his new cell phone playing an unfamiliar song. After pulling it out of his pocket, he realized it meant someone was calling him.
While the two of them were bickering about it, the elevator door opened, and both Pepper and Rhodey walked in. Pepper visibly faltered seeing the five of them spread across the room, but Rhodey took it in stride. Tony lit up at their entrance. “Back me up here, Rhodey. Cap needs to watch
Tony’s eyes shot back up to Steve’s as he took a tiny step closer. “An idiot, huh?” His voice was quieter than before, almost husky.
Steve blinked at her. “I went after his killer. I wouldn’t have killed him, but I would’ve brought him in to face justice.”
Clint’s jaw dropped open, Natasha’s eyes narrowed, and Thor just looked confused. Bruce was the one who actually asked, “I’m sorry, Hydra? I thought they were wiped out in World War 2.” His eyes flickered between Tony and Steve. “When Steve crashed the plane into the ocean and defeated the Red Skull.”
“Not long. Long enough to hear what sounded like you trying to recruit Jim. It’s a great idea. Even if he can’t be here full-time, it’s never bad having someone high up in the military complex in the know.”
“Clint recruited me for SHIELD in the fall of 2000. Before that, I was in the Red Room and working for the KGB in Russia. I was trained there from the age of 5, believing utterly in my cause. They did a lot of things to us there. Almost everyone thinks that Clint was my first real taste of kindness, but he wasn’t. A few years before he showed up, I was assigned a new teacher and told that I would become his field partner. The Soldier. At first, he was even colder than I’d been trained to be. He was not hiding his emotions; he was truly emotionless. I found out later he’d been brainwashed over and over and over. But the longer he trained me and the more we worked together, the more human he – we both – became. I fell in love – what I thought was love, at least. Though I was never innocent, I loved this older man with all the innocence of youth. He was the first time I ever felt anything resembling safety. He didn’t love me back, of course – I was a child – but he felt something for me that broke some of their programming of him. Perhaps he thought of me as something like a sister. Oh, he still followed orders, but he was kinder to me than they would have deemed necessary. His affection for me was discovered, of course. He was taken from me, I don’t know where. I didn’t see him again until a few years ago, I was escorting a nuclear engineer out of Iran. Someone shot out our tires and we went over a cliff. I pulled the engineer out, but he was standing there. I was covering the engineer with my body, but the Soldier shot him through me. He didn’t recognize me at all. I called him Yasha. I learned in your apartment yesterday that his real name was James Buchanan Barnes. I’m not sure how that’s possible, but the picture in your apartment is my Soldier. I’m sure of it.”
“I’m multitasking.”
He laughed. "Not exactly. There was a major incident, and they called both of us in, and, well, anyway, we're a team now. We're sort of working with SHIELD rather than for them. Do you remember Arnim Zola?"
“No, I said Rhodey is working it from his end. They’re trying to trace the Mandarin’s signal. He’s going to different locations. So far, it hasn’t done much good. Anyway, yeah, your plan sounds fine. I’ll head to Tennessee. I’ll let you know what I find out.”
“I recently discovered that I like operating on this team, specifically because I can skip the protocol and clearance levels. If I’m keeping secrets from them, I’d like to have a good reason.”
“Mostly, yeah, but some come in through the Hydra Prep Academy. Sitwell did. Mostly legacy kids whose parents were Hydra back in the day.”
“How else could Bucky have survived the fall from the train? I find him on a table in Zola’s lab, and then suddenly, he survives a fall that should have – no doubt about it – killed him.” He closed his eyes for a moment to swallow back his grief. “If there had been any chance – any chance at all – that he could’ve survived that fall, I would’ve gone back for him. I left him there. And he got taken and turned into the Winter Soldier.”
“You have an Iron Man suit?” Steve asked, trying desperately to interpret what Tony was saying.
“Operation Paperclip,” Natasha said. “After World War 2, SHIELD and other government agencies would have recruited German scientists with… strategic value.”
Tony brushed him off with another wave of his hand. “I’m fine. Mild cardiac dysrhythmia. Goldielocks gave me a little jolt, so we’re square. Let’s get back to the actually important stuff. Future us came back, tried and failed to steal the tesseract, stole Loki’s scepter, then brought back the scepter, left you a voicemail – which contained a mystery piece of personal information, the news that your lifelong best friend from the 40s is not dead, and the instructions to trust me – and then Marty McFly’ed back to the future. Did I miss anything?”
“He took her before Nat and Clint could get there. They’ve been following her trail from there, and we were working with JARVIS to trace the Mandarin. That led us here, but I’m guessing since the two of you are here and I heard armor fly overhead, that Killian isn’t here. Do you have any idea where they’re going next?”
“I mean I saw you on the news, but it’s still pretty surreal.” Rhodey finally seemed to notice that Steve was saluting him. “At ease. Jeez. And don’t salute me. It’s weird.” He turned to Tony. “Captain America just saluted me.”
Steve gets to know some of the other members of his new team a little better and reflects on his life in this new time.
"Did you miss the part about future semi-thieves beating the shit out of us?" Tony interjected. "Because Captain America being all rah-rah team spirit isn't all that surprising to me."
They chatted for another couple of minutes, until Sam came back. “I told Jim where the ambulance is going to take you guys. He’s going to meet you at the hospital. He promised to call your assistant. He says he loves you and not to worry about the wedding.”
Hello all! I hope you're doing well. It's been a crazy few weeks (my husband got his wisdom teeth out and my cat had an emergency vet trip), so this took a while. Sorry for the delay! I am still welcoming suggestions for Queen songs that you tie to a particular character. The last chapter (Don't Stop Me Now) was for Tony. If you have ideas for other characters, let me know in the comments! Thanks to all the people who have read and especially those who have commented :)
"How sure are you of Fury? He is the one who told me STRIKE team was the best of the best at SHIELD." countered Steve.
He had noticed that a lot of people expected him to be a lot more… hateful than he was. Things had changed a lot, but as far as he was concerned, it was mostly for the better. They seemed to have forgotten that he’d been fighting against bullies his whole life, and in his experience, there was a pretty significant overlap between bullies and people in power. His first major fight as Captain America hadn’t been against Nazis, but against his superior officers, who’d wanted to cut Gabe Jones and Jim Morita from his squad.
“On it,” Clint said immediately.
“You’re understandably uncomfortable with brainwashed killers, and I definitely meet that criteria, so I assumed you’d want me out.”
This chapter starts out in Tony's POV, then shifts back to Steve's for the duration. I hope you enjoy it! <3
"I loved it. I thought it was an amazing lens on Achilles' and Patrocles' relationship. And her writing was wonderful. Thanks for the recommendation." Steve smirked internally at Tony's obvious surprise.
Steve went down to Tony’s lab the next day with breakfast after learning from JARVIS that Tony hadn’t eaten since lunch the day before. He looked somehow both tired and wired. His hair was sticking up everywhere and he had bags under his eyes, but his movement never slowed. Tony didn’t seem surprised to see him, and instead of talking, just dragged him over to a stool.
“Pepper, I need you to try to calm down,” he said gently. “I know you’ve gone through more than anyone should ever have to today, but I’ve got you now, you’re going to be alright. Tony and I are going to take care of you, okay?” He watched as the panic began to recede from her eyes, as the glow began to recede from her skin. She cooled enough that he felt safe putting her down. They both looked up as they heard Killian talking to Tony. It was clear he’d seen Pepper fall, but hadn’t seen Steve catch her. Steve looked around to make sure there were no other agents. “You’re safe for now, but I’d like to go help Tony. Killian obviously has better control of this Extremis thing than the rest of his agents.”
Spending time at the Tower also put him in the path of Thor. Thor was easy to like, and although he was clearly used to being in charge, he seemed content to follow Steve’s lead as part of the Avengers.
Her smile was bigger this time. “No, on second thought, I think you’ve done everything right.” She walked back to the living room. “Let’s go, Clint. I’ll let you buy me some ice cream.
“Harley Keener. And he left. Come on into the barn. I’m rebooting the suit for him.” Steve and Thor exchanged a loaded glance, but followed Harley into the barn. They listened as Harley told them about the five shadows for six dead people, Tony talking to the mother of the soldier who died, the fight with people who light up from the inside out, and Tony stealing the fire-guy’s car. “Is he okay, guys? He seems to kinda freak out a lot. All I did was ask him about the portal and he couldn’t even breathe.”
Steve was already shaking his head. “I’m a terrible liar. I don’t know how to be a spy.”
Natasha frowned thoughtfully. "That's… actually not a terrible idea, Stark. It's always best not to have anyone alive who can contradict your story. But if Schmidt recruited him, how did he figure out that Hydra still exists within SHIELD?"
Thor looked alarmed and opened his mouth to speak, but Steve cut him off. "Go. Figure out what's going on. Do you need help? Someone can come with you."
Steve stood up to approach the pictures and gulped. “All of them.” Peggy, Howard, General Phillips, the Commandos, they all stared back at him. Then his eyes came to rest on a less welcome face, then narrowed. “What the fuck is Arnim Zola doing in these pictures?”
"Well. Good. I'm glad you liked it." Tony went back to what he was working on and Steve went back to sketching, but he caught Tony glancing over at him for the rest of the afternoon.
be sure of her.”
“More secure than my private office on a SHIELD quinjet?”
“Great, can you tell me what the dinging means?”
“Get some sleep.”
Steve grinned. Maybe she was ready for a team, after all. "We'll read him in. The rest of the team, too. We just -"
Pepper looked confused. “
“Alright then. Bucky is alive. He apparently got injected with some version of the super-soldier serum, survived the fall from the train, and was captured and subjected to some form of torture and mind control. He was turned into the Winter Soldier, an assassin who has been active for decades and who Natasha is familiar with. I’d like to find him, but believe it or not, it’s lower priority than what I’m about to tell you. You can’t share this with anyone on your team unless and until they’re cleared by us. Non-negotiable.”
Tony’s smirk definitely widened at that. “You know, I haven’t seen him salute anyone else. You must be special. In fact, he has an amazing disregard for orders that no one ever seems to mention in the history books.”
America’s ass,” while looking at the prone form of current Steve. Four of them swiveled to stare at him while Tony laughed helplessly.
“You’d be better at it, I think, but hopefully she can make me not terrible. Say, you got to ask me an invasive personal question. Can I ask one in return?”
“Have you asked anyone else, or are we starting with a blank slate?” he asked.
And over the next couple of hours, Steve fell in love. He fell in love with the beauty of the sets and the man reading to his grandson and the storytelling. He was the perfect audience – tearing up when Buttercup thought Westley dead, gasping when they were attacked in the forest, laughing over Westley’s battle of wits with the Sicilian. He watched with rapt attention all the way through the end, as Westley told Inigo Montoya that he’d make a good Dread Pirate Roberts.
“Who?” asked Clint, clearly puzzled.
“Well, Captain, you certainly seem like you’ll fit right in with us. The first thing I’d like you to do is recruit Tony Stark. He’d be a huge asset and we need him.”
“Agreed,” Natasha said. “We’ll give you our full list. We also have to make your algorithm a little smarter.” Tony looked affronted, but didn’t interrupt. “While we don’t recruit assets for SHIELD, it’s my job to assess people and figure out the best way to get them to do what I want. What you need to understand is that people don’t usually apply to work for SHIELD. They’re recruited and then subjected to a rigorous battery of psych evals. In order to get new Hydra agents within SHIELD, either people are targeted for recruitment
and Steve rushed to pull it out of his pocket. “I take it that’s the actual Iron Man?” Steve read the incoming text.
was your assessment? I knew you went in undercover, but this? You blacklisted him, and then you and Fury said he can’t be an Avenger. Is he still not an Avenger? Did I get that right?”
Natasha trains Steve for undercover work.
is Tolkien?
Natasha smirked. “I appreciate that, but trust me, no one would take me any less seriously if you started stammering at me. Breaking men is what I’m best at. I’m going to head out. Steve, Clint, want to share a cab back to base?”
“Steve Rogers... as in Captain America Steve Rogers?” he managed after a moment.
“They’ll be at your old place tomorrow at 10.”
Natasha gave the most genuine smile Steve had seen. He didn't love that it was sort of at his expense, but he'd take what he could get. "Look, it's not about a woman. And I can't get drunk. Besides, it appears that I never told you guys, or future me wouldn't have given it as evidence. It has to stay a secret."
“A quinjet is on the way. We’ll be there as soon as we can.”
Bruce and Natasha both started to argue with him, but Steve’s tactical mind was turning all this over rapidly and he wasn’t really listening. “What if, instead of an obstacle, this was an opportunity?” Everyone stopped and looked at him. “We know Fury is requesting this, and whether or not he’s Hydra, this has got to be something Hydra wants. It might’ve even come down from Pierce. Let’s say you refuse.” Tony’s mouth opened to interrupt, but Steve cut him off. “At first.” Tony closed his mouth. “You refuse at first, and I convince you to build it.”
Steve really felt like the team was coming together. He just had to work on Natasha.
Steve could hear Bucky not even trying to stifle his laughter as Steve turned pink. He was saved from answering by Pepper. “Tony, leave the firefighters who saved us alone! Seriously, thank you so much for all of your help.”
“I’m going to ignore your talk of the future and assume you have actual proof for accusing a man who turned down a Nobel Peace Prize and ask why it took the word of someone who is apparently our enemy for you to trust me.”
“And then that cycle came all the way around when he brought me in.” Natasha pulled him away from his grief with a nudge of her toes to his thigh. He smiled and wrapped his hand loosely around her ankle.
“Your invitation is most welcome, Anthony. With the tesseract missing and the Bifrost broken, I do not know how long I will be unable to return to Asgard. And I do not like the hotel where Jane and I have been staying. Everything is so breakable. The furniture is much hardier on Asgard.” Bruce choked a little on his drink at Thor’s pronouncement.
“Wow. Winter Soldier. Fist of Hydra. Sounds like I gotta get myself a new PR person. Captain America seems a little plain next to that.” He tried a wry grin and felt himself relax a little when Pierce laughed.
“The list is short, but Maria Hill is on it.”
Trip looked surprised. “You mean besides the fact that it was the Nazi science division that captured my grandfather and that he spent his time in the war trying to dismantle? Plenty, actually. Why?”
“You guys caught that too, huh? I can’t figure it out. Zola is the only one that I recognized from the pictures, and he died decades ago.”
“Phil Coulson. Yeah,” Steve said tiredly, seeing Trip’s mouth open to interrupt. “He’s not dead. Helluva shock for me too. Probably above your clearance level, so maybe keep quiet about it, although I can’t say I really care much. Also Sharon Carter. Peggy’s great-niece.”
“Jesus, is that all it takes to ask someone out on a date? And oh my god, is that why Natasha left early? Was she trying to matchmake me with
"A problem. Pepper and Maya are gone, and Pepper's cell phone is on the ground near her car."
“This wouldn’t happen to be about some SHIELD missions that I’ll apparently be running with you and Clint, would it? It would’ve maybe been nice if he’d talked to me about it before he told you I would do it,” Steve replied, grabbing his leather jacket from the closet and his keys and wallet from the bowl on the table by his door.
Steve could almost hear Tony connecting the dots, but he controlled his response well. “So what you’re telling me is that you needed Aunt Peggy to remind you that you’re enhanced,” he said flatly.
“Indeed, this quinjet is not fit for immediate response,” Thor agreed. “It looks like Anthony landed here, and look, there is a trail. His suit must have been damaged in some way.” They followed the path apparently made by Tony dragging his suit behind him. They followed it to a barn with a very strong-looking lock around the door handles. Steve looked around. He hated to break in, but the suit path definitely led into this barn. He was just about to break the lock when he heard a noise be him.
Steve shot him a mild glare and tried again. “It’s a pleasure to meet you, Colonel.” He stuck out his hand.
Steve shrugged. “So far.”
“Dr. Foster was apparently infected by the Aether, which is an infinity stone, like the Tesseract. The Aether is the ultimate weapon of the Dark Elves, who were once at war with Asgard. The leader of the Dark Elves kidnapped Jane and killed Thor’s mother. When word of her murder got out, Loki came to Asgard. Although he hates Odin, he loved Frigga more than anything. He has apparently been using the stolen Tesseract to travel through time and space. The Dark Elves removed the Aether from Dr. Foster, and with Loki’s help, Thor was able to defeat them. However, with his revenge complete, Loki vanished shortly thereafter.”
“Shut up, we both know that’s a lie. You had to say some things – things Tony told you to say, by the way – and now you feel guilty. Don’t be such a martyr, Rogers.” She gave a tiny half-smile as she paused. “He also said to tell you that he’s going to use the transmitter you planted to get everything they have on Bucky. We’ll get him back. He told me specifically to tell you that he promises. By the way, does your type include brunets? Asking for a friend.” Steve sputtered, but she ignored him. “Now text your new friend. Get his address and tell him we’ll swing by to pick him up. He has 20 minutes to get pretty.”
Steve watched in hidden horror as Pierce pulled up a video of a man strapped to a table with a guard in his mouth. “Meet the Asset. The Winter Soldier. He is the fist of Hydra. For decades he has shaped the world.”
Steve took a deep breath and entered the room at the nursing home. He could see it was a top-quality kind of a place and wondered whether Tony had anything to do with that. His eyes tracked to the woman in the bed and his heart stilled for a moment before restarting just a little too fast. He cleared his suddenly dry throat. "Hey there, Peggy."
Completely separate from wanting to bond with each of his teammates, Steve grew to love his time in Tony’s lab. Mostly they were silent, with nothing but the sound of whatever loud music Tony had put on that day, but with the way Tony sank into whatever project he was working on, Steve got to watch him without worrying about what Tony would think of it. And boy, he had started to love watching Tony. He was never still – even when he was thinking and not actively working on the project, he couldn’t seem to stop his hands from moving and tinkering. He danced along with the music and Steve couldn’t tell if he was really that unselfconscious or if he had actually gotten so caught up that he’d forgotten that Steve was there. Sometimes, Steve started drawing Iron Man only to flip to a new page and draw Tony in the lab instead. Tony never asked to see the drawings he did there, and Steve never volunteered.
“Oh, I’ve, um, actually already read it,” Steve replied. “That one’s actually older than me. It’s wonderful. I, uh, may have related to Lizzy straining against being told what to do because of things she couldn’t change.”
“Who was he to you, really? His picture is one of only two personal items in your possession. I also want you to tell me what happened to him. Subtle isn’t your strong suit, Rogers. Whatever you feel about him runs deep, and it’s painful. I can’t explain yet, but I need you to trust me.”
“Then you have to call me Steve.” Rhodey looked a little awed that he was being allowed to call Captain America by his first name. Steve was starting to get used to this treatment – between Coulson and the junior SHIELD agents, he’d discovered that a lot of people were fans of the Captain America comic books and cartoons.
“I’ve never been disappointed by the plans from up top. I’m sure there’s something that’ll pique your interest. Hey, cheers. To the future!”
“Mr. Stark is in his workshop, and he is willing to speak with you there. Please follow the highlighted path.” As he spoke, lights sprang to life along the hall floors.
Natasha was the first to speak. "You're sure it's him?"
“That could be a huge advantage,” Tony said. “From what we saw, it seems pretty likely that our future selves found out about Hydra in a violent way. I’m inside all of SHIELD’s files, and there’s nothing there about Hydra, so I’m guessing we only found out when they decided to come out of the shadows. Us not only knowing beforehand, but having a built-in spy? This’ll be cake.”
“Oh no, Bobbi is definitely not Hydra. She just also happens to be my ex-wife. We were married for the longest five minutes in history. We also agree Melinda May is safe. Which is good, because she’ll be a real asset. I’d also swear Hill is on our side, but I think we should wait to bring her in. Her first loyalty is to Fury, and until we’re sure of him, we can’t
is definitely worth the time, too. You can probably skip the rest of Tolkien”
Tony gestured with his chin. “Ask and ye shall receive, Cap. Let’s go. Steve was hard-pressed to follow the fight as Tony continually jumped off of things only for armor to surround him midair. Steve fought several of the Extremis agents, who were confounded by his unmeltable shield. Suddenly, he heard Pepper scream and turned to see her fall through a space where the metal of the structure had melted. She had landed on a platform above him where Tony was trying to reach out and grab her. Steve watched, as if it was happening in slow motion, as she started to fall. He could hear Tony talking to her as a buzzing in his head as he eyed the trajectory Pepper would take as he would figure the trajectory of his shield. He started to run at top speed, which for Steve was exceptionally fast, then leaped and flew across the gaping chasm, just in time to catch Pepper before she fell into the fire below. He heard Tony yelling, both above him and through his comm. He could feel Pepper burning his skin, but he didn’t put her down – he knew she’d just melt the metal they were standing on.
"Well color me shocked. And?"
“He knew Captain America, Tony. He didn’t know shit about Steve Rogers.”
need to be on the same side. We fight
Rumlow just laughed and shoved the guy off. “My orders come from higher up than you, Kaminsky. Captain America is welcome here. He’s our oldest living member. Well, top five anyway.” Steve watched as Kaminsky’s eyes widened and filed that away to analyze later with the team. What living members of Hydra could be older than
asked. He had all sorts of science-y ideas he wanted your thoughts on.”
Trip took his hand, eying him a little suspiciously. “Don’t take this the wrong way, but has anyone hugged you this century? Because you look like you could seriously use a hug.”
“Gay, if I understand all the terminology correctly. Just men. Umm, I haven’t told anyone else. Although JARVIS knows, thanks to the recording of future me. He won’t tell, though. Apparently Tony programmed him against telling anyone, even him.”
“That’s good advice. I don’t know exactly what we’ll come up with, but we’ll talk about it. Still, we’ll need allies within SHIELD, as well – people who know the players and how things work. I’d appreciate it if you could help us, come up with a list of people you trust without question, maybe people you’re suspicious of. Tony is coming up with some sort of algorithm and the more data points he has, the better he’ll feel about it. Barton and Romanoff are coming up with lists, too. We’ll see where you guys overlap.”
just SHIELD. J and I will just be a little more thorough now that it’s secretly for Hydra.”
After they all made it back to their respective apartments, Steve pulled out the computer that Natasha had helped him buy and started in on some research. He put Clint’s playlist on in the background and set out to figure out the library system. He had some reading to do.
The corner of Steve’s mouth quirked up, but he continued smoothly, “Avengers Tower is completely secure. This is not a SHIELD discussion. Avengers only. I’d like to consider you part of our team, Phil.” He held his hand out for Phil to shake.
“Eh, it was a mixed bag. According to JARVIS, our sample is too small to come with anything concrete through pattern analysis without more known variables in the equation, so we need more known quantities or more variables. Preferably both. Theoretically, I could use the records I got from SHIELD to create a kind of web. Who knows who, who was assigned to what projects, etc.”
"Hey, Tony," Steve called warmly when they entered the room where he was waiting. "It's so funny that you called just now. Natasha and I were just having coffee and chatting. Before we get to any gear upgrades, I'd like you to hear what she was telling me."
“Now wait just a minute, you can’t just come in here and – ”
Team briefing, Steve catching up on culture a little bit, and a meeting with Fury.
Steve dove in immediately, telling Tony all about the fight with the other Steve, learning that Bucky was alive, losing the fight, and waking up with the scepter returned. He paused. “Now, here’s where things get odd. The man I fought, he wasn’t Loki in disguise. At least, not according to JARVIS. JARVIS says that this man most closely matched me, and he played me a message that he recorded. He says he’s me from the future. He… he knew things he couldn’t have known otherwise. Things I’d never told anyone. And then he said he only had one piece of advice. He told me to trust you. The rest of the team, too, but you first, and that I need to deserve your trust. He said our team could be amazing. So here I am. Trusting you not to decide I’m crazy. Well, I probably am crazy, but this part is true.”
“Some of your work has already been done for you. Tony asked me to give you his number.” Natasha pulled a business card seemingly out of nowhere.
“I’ll probably head down tonight and put Fury out of his misery tomorrow morning. Rumlow mentioned that he and the rest of STRIKE were being relocated to DC, so hopefully they’ve had plenty of time to relay my interest in a meeting with Pierce.” He saw Tony frown.
"So future you told you to trust me but not Fury?" This trust in her seemed to be the stickiest point to her. "Do you think he trusts me that much or Fury that little?"
Steve could feel himself blush. “I’ll be very clear that this is a… business discussion.”
“Is there something I can do for you, Tony?” Steve asked with a wry grin, trying to push the breakfast plate at Tony.
She seemed to hesitate. "What about Clint?"
“I’ll give her a call and then we wait for Pierce. We have to know more before we make our move.”
“I’m sorry, Captain America is undercover as Hydra? And they believed that?”
“Rhodey is still going to think you’re the most beautiful thing ever. Also, I’ll find someone to meet us at the hotel. We’ll fix it. As long as you’re okay, it’s all fixable.”
. I don’t mean me. This isn’t a date. What about Kristen from statistics? If you asked her out, she’d probably say yes.”
“Hey, Rogers,” came Tony’s voice through the speakers. “I hear you’re getting a crash course on the brave new world without me. My very delicate feelings are wounded and now you’re going to have to make it up to me. I want your feedback on suits for the team. Maybe field test some stuff for me. Come to the tower.”
“Yes, sir, Colonel,” Steve responded crisply, still at attention.
“No!” Tony rushed to respond. “This is definitely not just kissing. I would definitely like more than kissing. That sounded not how I meant it. More than just physical stuff. But also physical stuff. Not gonna lie, really want that too.”
“Consider it done. How should I contact you with anything I come up with?”
Someone Steve didn’t recognize came up to Rumlow and grabbed him by the elbow. Steve knew he wasn’t supposed to hear the whispered, “Are you crazy? What the fuck are you thinking bringing him here?”
“Considering the fact that you were both in my office yesterday, I’m a little confused as to what we’re doing here.”
“You’ve seen Tony?” Steve asked. “Where is he?” Steve paused. “What’s your name?”
As they walked over, they heard Tony. “Look, I’m just saying I have a lot of practice keeping my stuff out of the hands of the government. Tell Jane that if anyone gives her any trouble, she can give me a call. Scientists have got to stick together. And she’s one of the best. Ah, our SHIELD contingent is here. Well SHIELD and shield,” he mimed holding up a shield and gestured at Steve on the last word. “Who wants a drink?"
“If you’re going with ‘but,’ you clearly have no idea what I’m thinking,” Steve cut in. “You do remember I’m the same guy who planned to drive a stolen Jeep behind enemy lines to rescue a guy who was probably dead, right? They came for Happy. Any idiot can see he’s your family. And if they fuck with you, they fuck with us. We’re a team now. So skip the apologies. What do you know?”
“Well my favorite book of all time is
“They are currently on a mission, Captain. It appears that Agent Triplett is planning to take a brief leave to visit his mother when it is completed. If you like, I can alert you when that occurs.”
You will notice I just skipped over the fight scenes. This is because I realized I can't write fight scenes. I'm terrible at them. This is largely what drove my initial writer's block for this chapter - I knew there had to be fighting and yet I couldn't write the fighting. Anyway, in future chapters we'll get more info about the specifics of the fight.
“To successful partnerships. Hail Hydra.”
“Sir, if I may?” JARVIS asked. He continued when Tony waved a hand. “There were military dog tags at the scene of the bombing in Malibu belonging to a Mr. Jack Taggart, but no individuals by that name have been listed among the dead or injured. I have also been unable to detect the remains any explosives at the scene. I have searched my database, and this most closely resembles an explosion that occurred four years ago in Rose Hill, Tennessee, which predates any known Mandarin attack. An ex-army soldier named Chad Davis caused an explosion, killing himself and five other people. I beg your pardon, but Miss Potts is calling.”
Bruce took his glasses off and started to clean them. “JARVIS, do you know what Killian’s Extremis project is?”
“Yeah, apparently Hill evaluated him for Coulson’s team. She gave him top marks for combat and the best espionage score since Romanoff.” He paused to raise an eyebrow at Natasha. “Apparently he doesn’t have great social skills though, because she drew… something spiky next to his personality profile.”
“Hold up, we don’t know that,” Clint interrupted.
Tony was right. Pepper was fine. He managed to take care of it, fixing things, as usual, this time with the help of Dr. Helen Cho. Dr. Cho also removed the shrapnel from Tony’s chest, allowing him to live without the arc reactor. Steve watched alongside Pepper and Rhodey as Tony headed into surgery.
“So you really haven’t been with anyone since you got the serum? Any particular reason why?”
"Sure, I'll send someone out to get it in the jet." Thor and Bruce left to get started. "Anyway, you've given out assignments to everyone else, teacher. What are you planning to do?"
It's a classic. You'll love it."
“We’ll have to get a list of teams and missions from Fury,” Clint said. “Some of it will depend on who is in charge of the group. If the team leader is loyal to SHIELD, we can have Fury issue encrypted orders for their eyes only. For teams that are led by Hydra, we’ll have to come up with something else.”
As the paramedics loaded Tony onto the backboard, he got his first real look at Steve. “Wow, are all firefighters as pretty as you?”
“The serum,” said Steve, with sudden realization.
Tony grinned. “You mean besides the alien weapons of mass destruction? No worries, I left a bug on SHIELD’s servers, in addition to the one Fury saw while we were there. I’ll let you know if I find anything interesting. Here’s the flip side of tech. SHIELD is almost certainly monitoring you if you’re living on site. Probably even if you’re not. They’ll also have bugged that ridiculous brick you call a phone. If you’re serious about secrecy, you’re gonna have to let me hook you up, and you can’t discuss anything anywhere on SHIELD property. They have eyes and ears everywhere, just like I do in this building.”
“And despite all the hardships you faced, you knew real love, right? Your mother loved you? And Barnes? Now imagine you’re someone who hasn’t ever experienced happiness or kindness or love. And imagine you had longer with Erskine. He spent time with you, teaching you things, encouraging you, molding you. Could you have refused him anything?”
right?”
Bruce laughed. "After everything I've learned, I could not be less of a fan of SHIELD. Your work is safe with me."
There was a pause, and Steve knew that JARVIS was asking Tony. “I have notified him of your arrival, Captain. He would prefer that the other Avengers not join him in the lab.” Steve felt a tiny burst of pride that Tony trusted him to be in his space, but he also wanted Tony to trust the rest of the team. He knew he’d have to just give it some time.
Natasha brushed this off with a graceful wave of her hand. "I don't know the details, obviously, but it seems to me that at some point in the future, you – or maybe we – need some sort of major power source, and they came back to borrow these. Since they've apparently mastered time travel – thought apparently not theft, considering the debacle with the tesseract – they just brought it back when they were done. Makes sense. I don't think they beat the shit out of you intentionally; you were just in the way. You're sure it was really you? The last thing we need is to be taking directions from the enemy."
Bruce was nodding as soon as Steve got the words out. “Go, I’ll figure it out. Keep your comms on. Let me know when you find him.”
“My sister Laura,” Clint said at the same time.
A few hours later, Steve's phone rang. "Hey, Clint, what've you got?"
He left and Tony made a noise that could only be described as a giggle. “Where were we?”
“On it, Cap.” With that, Sam vanished, cheerily putting his arm around the man’s shoulder and steering him back to his own car.
“We do have a few, though,” Natasha said. “Bobbi Morse, for one,” she smirked at Clint, who rolled his eyes.
Tony froze as soon as Steve spoke. Then he slowly turned to face him. “Jeez, don’t sneak up on me like that. I’ve got a heart condition, you know. Shut up Rhodey, I do not just use it as an excuse to make people feel bad. How long have you been standing there?”
Steve sighed. “Yeah, Loki disguised himself as me. He did it earlier, too.” Steve frowned at the memory.
“Why do they have to call him a consultant if he’s an Avenger?” Steve asked, not letting it drop. “I mean yeah, it’s not like he needs to live in the shitty apartments, but still. It’s the principle. Don’t the unions put a stop to that sort of thing?”
“No, no, that’s okay,” Steve rushed to say, cursing the blush he could feel on his pale Irish skin. “I’ll just get something back at the base. I’ve taken up too much of your time, anyway. I’ll see if I can get Natasha and Clint to eat with me. Maybe Thor. I bet he eats a lot, too. After something like the battle, I just can’t keep up with my metabolism. I’ll leave you both alone now.” He could tell he was rambling, but couldn’t do anything to stop it. He’d always been like this around pretty women. “Ma’am, it was lovely to meet you. I’m so sorry for disturbing you.” With that, he vanished, Pepper and Tony blinking after him.
“Excellent. My office is right this way.”
Steve smiled at Tony and watched as he was rolled into a waiting ambulance. After the doors closed, Bucky sighed and said, “You have less game than anyone I’ve ever met.”
“You invited a terrorist to your Tower in the middle of New York City. A building where hundreds of civilians work every day. You wanna tell me what the hell just happened?”
“Why would it bother me? I don’t have a problem with two of my friends dating. Say, you hungry? I could go for some Chinese food.”
Steve ended up spending most of the next day at the Schwarzman library on 5th Avenue. The building had apparently been there since before him, but he’d never been in. As it was a weekday, there weren’t very many patrons, and the group of librarians was more than happy to help Steve figure out the system. He checked out a dozen books along with several movies, including both versions of
Steve blushed. “Do you think maybe we should… talk about this?”
Steve managed to overcome his shyness enough to look Tony in the eye. “I think I was waiting for the right partner.”
“Yeah, no time for pleasantries. I looked into the info Cap got from Rumlow. His original SO is someone named John Garrett. Garrett has recruited a lot of agents. Some are already dead, some had pretty stable upbringings with no other red flags, and I’ve tagged several that are still active and should be considered as likely Hydra. One of those is on Coulson’s team.”
Sam turned and looked behind him. “You can’t seriously be talking to me, right? What kind of job?”
"Miss Hansen is currently working for a think tank by the name of Advanced Idea Mechanics, which is run by Aldrich Killian. If I may, sir, Miss Potts had a meeting with him a few days ago. He wanted Stark Industries to invest in a project he called Extremis. Miss Potts declined."
“You keep too many secrets, Nick,” Steve said, speaking for the first time. “It makes it hard for anyone to trust you. Although, to be fair, Phil thought you were clean from the beginning.” He locked eyes with Fury, not blinking and waiting for him to crack.
tech into something I can’t hack into. I would’ve done it even if it
The next day, the whole team gathered, except Thor, who was still off-world. Steve cleared his throat. "There's not a good way to say this, I don't think, and certainly not any way I can come up with, so I'm going to just say it, and then you can ask whatever questions you like. So as you all know, Tony has been digging into SHIELD's personnel records, following up on what Nat and Clint suggested about recruiting agents. He, uh, decided to start with anyone recruited by Coulson, and he discovered that Coulson's most recent recruit was after New York. After the chitauri. After he was supposedly killed. Tony brought this to me first, because he wasn't sure if it was possible. We went to check it out. Phil Coulson is alive." He paused when Clint dropped the glass he was holding. Natasha immediately put her hand on Clint's thigh, trying to comfort him, but she didn't look any steadier than him. Bruce sank wordlessly onto the chair. "The records were classified at level 7, which means that at least Nat, Clint, and I should have had access. Based on your reactions, I'm guessing you weren't briefed either. Someone decided we weren't need to know. I'm not any happier about that than I'd guess you are. I'm sorry we didn't tell you right away, but I know how much he meant to Nat and Clint, and I didn't want to get your hopes up if this was a mistake. We asked him to come out so we could brief him on the Hydra problem. He should be here in an hour or so."
“Sorry, yeah. Everything’s fine. Tony just finished decrypting some Hydra files. I’ll keep you posted on the plan. Thanks for everything over the last few days. I don’t think I knew how much this would mean to me.” Steve stood and held out his hand for Trip to shake.
"I'd still like us to make our own judgments about it," said Clint. "Why didn't they tell us?"
Pepper looked over at him from the passenger seat. “You know, you could try a little harder to let my wedding day be about me,” she said with a smirk.
“So Nat is trying to set me up on dates,” Steve told Clint over a beer and a baseball game a few days later. “With women. I know she said I passed intro lie training, but I doubt that’s enough to fool Black Widow. Do you think she knows I’m gay and is trying to get me to tell her?”
"Yeah, he said he has some gear upgrades for me to look over." Steve returned easily.
"Well, you know. I'm loving the lack of polio. And the food. The team has undertaken my food and movie education with gusto. We used to boil everything. Got myself a fancy new StarkPhone. A lot of things are better." He paused as he looked at Sam. "Some not better enough. Look this is probably weird, but do you wanna grab a beer with Natasha and me tonight? I don't have a lot of soldier friends. Well. Not a lot of friends period I guess. Natasha says I should make more."
"She and Coulson have been tight for a long time. She was temporarily working a desk job after an op went bad, but she's one of the best field agents in SHIELD. She's also 100% loyal to Coulson. She would know the difference," said Natasha.
The woman let out a strangled sort of laugh. “No, my wedding is this afternoon. Tony and I are on our way to the venue. I guess all that money I spent on my hair and makeup is a total loss.”
he thought suddenly, finally piecing together everything that had happened over the last few weeks.
“Now that you’re here, yes,” Tony responded. “Okay, so as I told Cap on the phone, we need more data. A handful of known Hydra agents among the thousands across SHIELD isn’t enough. How’s your homework assignment coming, spies?”
In mid-December, Steve was making dinner one day with the news on his TV in the background. He hadn’t been paying much attention to it – he was mostly thinking about what exciting things he could do for Christmas at the children’s hospital – when Tony’s voice pulled him from his thoughts.
“You mean would he have picked Bucky over
Also, I hope everyone is staying home and staying safe during the pandemic! My day job is an epidemiologist, so public health is near and dear to me. Please please please stay home if you can (I know it's not possible for many). Take comfort in fandom during this difficult time. I hope you're all doing well. <3
Steve and Natasha head over to Stark Tower, Steve meets another important person in Tony's life, and Steve and Clint have an interesting chat.
Tony looked taken aback. “You said fuck.”
they look like they’re probably sociopaths – CIA rejects, ex-cons, etc. – or they’re vulnerable when they're recruited and their handler is Hydra. Imagine you have nothing – no family, no friends, or not many, no real future, no one to turn to – and someone in a suit comes to you and says they’ll save you. They’ll give you a chance. How do you feel about that person?” Natasha’s eyes flicked around the room.
“You don’t have to thank me for that. You said she’s your best friend. I have something of an issue with best friends falling to their death,” Steve exhaled sharply. “I’m just glad that I could get there in time.”
Tony stared at him with narrowed eyes, then sighed. "I believe you. But I'm not so sure about the superspies. How do you want to play this?"
"No problemo, Cap."
“Wow. And I thought I had problems. Is Jane alright?”
Eventually, Steve spotted him recovering against a tree. "Need a medic?"
This was a conversation the team had already had. “Don’t worry. I’ve got all the stealth gear you gave me, Natasha is already there, ostensibly on other SHIELD business, and I’ll let Sharon know that I’m in town for an undercover meeting with Pierce. Nothing is going to go wrong, and even if it does, I’ll have local backup until you guys can get there. Natasha said – and I agree – that one of you going with me would look suspicious. Pierce has to think I’m alone here.”
Tony, as usual, seemed a little uncomfortable with a genuine compliment, but he managed to reign in his usual need to babble. Instead, he stood, clapped Steve on the shoulder, and went back to his work table. Steve cleared his throat again and searched for an easier topic of conversation. “So you think this Skye is pretty good with computers?”
Current Steve tried to have JARVIS stop the playback, but Tony interrupted, “No you don’t. This is the Cap 1 v Cap 2 fight. I gotta see this.” Steve groaned, but didn’t argue. Just then, the rest of the team came in.
Tony answered first. “Yeah, he does, but he decided to let the Air Force outfit it with substandard Hammer weapons.”
No matter how many times Tony told him not to, Steve still looked up at the ceiling whenever he spoke to JARVIS. “Yes, JARVIS?”
“Um, yes, sure thing. Thank you. Tony, you and I are going to have a discussion later that you will not enjoy, about things like threatening a terrorist on national television and not telling me about it.”
Steve hesitated, not knowing how to answer, but Clint interrupted. “The thing is, you’re not the only one with that kind of… foundation. I was a disaster when I started at SHIELD – I literally ran away from my family to join the circus, where it turned out people were just as awful. I would’ve done just about anything my handler asked. But my handler was Coulson.” He swallowed hard.
“Well, that’s good. I’m not good with secrets, either. With one or two very specific exceptions, JARVIS won’t keep secrets from me, so don’t ask. I’ll take care of finding out what I can from SHIELD. You’re going to be in charge of testing Romanoff. I vote we wait to tell everyone else until you get a read on her, because if she sees us having regular conversations with the rest of the team, she’ll want to know why. I don’t do trust. After what I’m sure you’ve read in my files, you should understand why.”
“No, he hooked up with some kid, left the suit with him to reboot, and stole the car of one of the people who was on fire. Do you think JARVIS could find him?”
Natasha didn’t look surprised at his ire, but Tony did. “Look, it was a bad week for me, dying and all. I possibly made some, shall we say, less than ideal choices. Maybe, for that moment in time, she was right. Doesn’t have to be a big deal, Cap. We’re a team now, right?”
“Well if you’re not interested, I just might. I’ve always liked my women a little dangerous.”
"Well the most recent person listed as recruited by Coulson is Skye – no last name, very 80s – a few months ago."
Steve didn’t miss how down on himself Tony seemed. “So you’re telling me that Hydra shouldn’t recruit you because if you know what’s going on, you want to do the right thing.”
He sighed. “I can’t sing. Or dance. Or walk away from a fight. It has occasionally been pointed out to me that I’m stubborn. I get a little tunnel vision about things that are important to me. I expect that would sometimes include my work instead of whoever I was dating at the time. I tend to see things in black and white. You want me to keep going, or can you come up with some yourself?”
? You’re standing there, after I kicked you out of your home for three days, thanking me for being your friend?”
“Oh. Was this… did you not…”
"I can help you there, too. My great-niece is an agent. Sharon Carter. She's based here in DC. You'll have to look her up while you're visiting."
“I finished identifying the locations of all the known Hydra assets, Sir. Two days ago.”
Steve and Bruce exchanged a look. "Well I'm going to get back to looking over Jane's data. It's fascinating stuff."
Phil nodded, acknowledging the hit that had been, but decided to go with a redirect instead of a reply. “If it’s not a stealth B&E, what is it?”
He jumped but managed to regain his composure pretty quickly. “Oh, thanks. Now that I actually live here, I’ve gotten better at drawing you guys.” No need to mention that there might’ve been a slightly higher proportion of drawings of Tony.
“If you agree to this, you quit your job, move to New York, and we stop the next explosion. I can’t say any more about it here, but I want you to think about it carefully. You got out for a reason.”
“She says she needs your help. She thinks her boss is working for the Mandarin.” Steve’s eyes shot to Tony, who hesitated, then nodded.
Steve blinked. "Easy as that, huh? Well alright then. Let's set it up."
Once at SHIELD, Natasha left him in front of Fury’s office with nothing but one raised eyebrow. He gave a perfunctory knock and entered the room. “What can I do for you, Sir? Another mission, perhaps?”
Steve spent the next few days working out excessively in the SHIELD gym, hoping to catch Rumlow. If he was thinking about the last time he’d seen Tony, well, no one else had to know that. On day three, he got lucky.
“Excellent idea, Brucie-bear!” Steve could feel his insides freeze at Tony’s nickname for Bruce, but Tony didn’t seem to notice, because he continued without pause. “J, get her number for Cap.”
“Yeah, I bet you don’t. Speaking of, what’d you do with the scepter?”
“Shall I take that to mean that you’re not going to help me convince Stark to build the new helicarriers?”
“Tough love, man. Besides, you should consider yourself lucky. Me coming down here stopped Natasha from doing it.”
“I am sorry, Captain, but I am not in contact with the Mark 42 suit.”
Steve conceded. "You're probably right. Maybe I'll visit the principal. See what I can learn about Jim. Thanks, Tony." Without thinking, he clapped Tony on the shoulder. Tony seemed surprised, but didn't move away from his touch.
“I called in a favor at SHIELD. They don’t have any assets in the area qualified to handle this, but they have the resources for when agents end up here. Jim, there’s a comm for you right over there. You’ll be in charge of updates – Thor tends to fry his comms. Let’s go.”
“Yes, so I’ve heard. I must say, I never dreamed when we recovered you that you’d be on our side.”
“We’ve got a problem.”
“Welcome back, Captain. I’ve alerted the rest of the Avengers to your return, which coincides with that of Thor. They are on the common floor and have asked that I update you on Thor’s story while you make your way there. They believe it will be faster.”
“Damn, that’s probably true. Well, that just means I have time to come up with the perfect date.” Though her words were brisk, she rubbed one hand over his shoulders in comfort.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Don't worry, you'll get them there." She patted his hand. They talked for another hour when he could see her start to flag.
Steve gave a half-hearted attempt at a smile. “Fury mostly left me alone after I busted up his attempt at a ’40s era hospital.” Clint and Natasha exchanged another significant glance. “I have a radio, but I think Fury did something to it, because I only get a couple of jazz stations. Don’t get me wrong, I love jazz, but they’re not even getting the good stuff. I’d love to hear some other kinds. And all of Stark’s references – those come from movies, right? It’d be nice to understand more than every fifth word he says.”
“The blue was on the original model, but the vision wasn’t. My senses are… heightened. Smell, hearing, vision, taste, even touch to an extent. My hearing, for example, is good enough that I can hear people talking the next room over. Say when I’m at the SHIELD gym.”
“So this Hydra is a foe of Captain America?” Thor asked.
Occasionally, they did talk. Steve could tell that Tony’s favorite stories were the ones Steve told about Edwin Jarvis. He worried sometimes that when he ran out, he’d have nothing left to say that Tony would want to hear, but that turned out to be wrong. Tony also loved hearing about the scrapes he and Bucky had gotten into and the ones Steve got into while Bucky wasn’t paying attention (“And to think that I would’ve thought signing up for a top-secret government experiment would top the list,” Tony said wryly).
Rhodey took it with a look of mild disbelief. “The pleasure is all mine, Captain. You can call me Jim. Or Rhodey, since that’s what Tony calls me.”
“No. Maybe the reason I came now. Believe it or not, I was a little nervous to visit. I wasn’t sure how it would really feel to see the lives that my friends lived while I was in the ice. Seeing Peggy how she is now is tough. A very in-your-face reminder of exactly what I missed. But I came because I wanted to know. This just moved up my timeline. It couldn’t wait. You should probably sit.” Steve cleared his throat. “How much do you know about Hydra?”
“I figured you wouldn’t be comfortable having me here, what with all the SHIELD agents I killed.”
Tony’s fidgeting increased. “Send him up, J.” While Tony fidgeted, Natasha grew more still. When the elevator finally dinged, Steve swore she wasn’t moving at all. Phil walked in slowly, but Steve wasn’t watching him; he was watching his team. Bruce was probably the calmest one – he wasn’t as close to Phil as the rest. Natasha still didn’t move, but Clint jumped up off the couch. He walked right up into Phil’s space, but couldn’t seem to speak. Steve watched as Natasha’s eyes raced all over Phil, cataloging any differences she could find. He decided to help clarify things before they got into the emotions of it all. “JARVIS, I know that you have more advanced capabilities here in the tower and can see beyond superficial differences. Is this the same Phil Coulson that has been here before?”
“Peggy had a good day yesterday, and I think she solved pretty much all of our problems. Typical Peggy. What do you know about me?”
“Come on, Barnes, pick something from this century!”
with Howard? No wonder she shot you.” Tony seemed deeply offended on Peggy’s behalf.
“Okay, but you stay behind me,” Steve ordered. As they approached, they watched Tony eject himself from one armor and dive into another. Steve jumped into the fray, letting Tony bounce his repulsors off of his shield, using the shield to knock Killian back, but seeing that his own weapons wouldn’t be enough to kill him. Even when Tony encased Killian in the Mark 42 and had JARVIS blow it, Killian just emerged from the fiery pit with his skin knitting itself back together. Steve had been thrown back by the blast and watched, horrified, as Killian stalked toward Tony. Then, out of nowhere, Pepper appeared and hit Killian with a wooden beam, then kicked a missile toward him and blew it up with a repulsor she’d taken from one of Tony’s broken suits. Both men just stared at her.
“German scientist. He worked for Red Skull. He was the head of Hydra’s science division.”
Steve chuckled. “I was Captain Fucking America. I pretty much did what I wanted, and Gabe was one of the best men I knew. To tell you the truth, I pretty much did what I wanted before I was Captain America, I just got beat up for it a lot more.”
“You draw all of us?”
"Nope, no time for pleasantries. You remember when I said that anyone recruited by Agent was probably good stuff?" Steve nodded. "Well I decided to start my search of SHIELD personnel with people recruited by Coulson."
“I don’t need your permission to talk to my contractors, Captain. I think you’ll find that I don’t need your permission for much of anything.”
This was the most emotion Steve had ever seen from her. Well, he needed to earn her trust, and she was giving him the perfect opening. “Trust goes both ways, Romanoff. But I’ll tell you, because someone has to trust first. Bucky was my best friend. My family in everything but blood. What do you know about me from before the serum?”
“Well I can’t say I followed the reference at the end,” Steve’s lips quirked, “but then, future me said I’d almost never understand you. The rest of it seems right. If it’s alright with you, I’d also like to talk about something he didn’t say. He was very clear to tell me to trust you and the rest of the team, which I assume includes Thor, Dr. Banner, Natasha, and Clint. He didn’t tell me to trust anyone else. He didn’t tell me to trust Fury or SHIELD. Unless I’ve changed a helluva lot, I think that’s an intentional omission. If I went back to pre-serum me, I’d tell him to trust the Howling Commandos, sure, but I’d also tell him to trust Phillips, Erskine, Howard, Peggy, and the rest of the SSR. I tend to have some… slight issues with authority. I was a rebel long before I was a soldier. I guess what I’m saying is that I’d like to keep this between the team until we have a better idea of what could be going on. Especially after that nuke,” he concluded with a nod to Tony.
“Sure thing, Cap,” Clint replied, jogging forward. “Oh shit, guy, what are you doing?”
Steve chuckled, silently thanking Natasha for preparing him for this. “It’s with Stark, for the moment. I’m letting him and Banner do a little investigation for me. Besides, I figured taking it from you would get your leader’s attention. Feel free to tell Pierce I’m open to a chat.”
“Yes, please, JARVIS. Thanks.”
“Do they know this is happening?”
“Clint said something about a girlfriend. Maybe he knows how to get a hold of them. I’ll ask him tomorrow when I get my playlist.”
"Got yourself a brilliant lady, there, Goldilocks," said Tony, patting Thor on the shoulder. "I confess, that didn't occur to me. So, what do we want to do? Go bat cleanup on the whole invasion thing almost a year later?"
“Well thanks for the save, then.” Tony sighed. “I know that Bucky Barnes was a good guy. I know that he wouldn’t have killed them if given a choice. And I know that we still have to get him out. I read the files, too. But it’s not just that he killed my parents. Honestly, you’re right, they were crappy parents, and things would probably never have been different. It’s also something Cap said when he was telling me. He said he thought his future self didn’t tell the me in that timeline, and that’s what he was trying to warn us about. So does that mean that Steve wouldn’t have told me without the warning? Would he have kept something that big a secret? Would he have picked Bucky over us?”
He was interrupted when a strawberry-blond woman ran in on heels so high Steve couldn’t believe she was still upright. “Tony, oh my god, are you okay? Why aren’t you at the hospital? I can’t believe you. When JARVIS told me you were in your workshop, I swear I had to pick my jaw up off the floor. Have you eaten anything? You need to get some rest. I’m putting my foot down, Tony, I mean it.”
Pepper was opening her mouth to respond when a commotion approached. It was the other driver, an old man, who Clint was gamely trying to shepherd away from the car without touching him.
“You were
“I’m not sure if that’s a pro or a con, honestly. I don’t really want to get set up with anyone. We’ve got a lot going on here.”
“I didn’t exactly anticipate fighting the god of thunder on an airplane. I made the extremely reasonable decision to escape with my life,” countered the man in the armor.
“Hmm. Well if he has big plans, maybe I can be convinced to obtain the scepter for him.”
“Yeah, Romanoff is definitely the snitch of the group. Maybe we release information a little at a time. Start with what seems like Mickey-Mouse stuff. I’m not great at undercover, myself, so I’ll probably have to stick pretty close to the truth,” Steve grimaced a little. “Actually – and trust me the irony isn’t lost on me here – how much did you get from the SHIELD computers when you were on board? Is there any reason that you can see for us not to trust them?”
“Sure thing. I’m bringing a friend. See you in 20 minutes.”
“You’re not wrong,” Steve responded, with a quick glance at Tony. “I think we should split up. Clint and Nat won’t be able to get here fast enough. Jim, will you go with Thor in the quinjet to save the President? I trust an Air Force colonel can handle a quinjet, even if he is more used to armor nowadays. Tony and I can go get Pepper and capture Killian.”
The faceplate on the Iron Man suit lifted to reveal a smirking Tony Stark. “I understood that reference.”
Thanks so much to everyone who has read and commented. I appreciate it more than I can say :)
“Yeah, well that actually doesn’t surprise me. Stark was forcibly outed as bi in the papers as a teenager. Didn’t go over too well with his pops. Publicly, he’s only been with women since then. Anyway, not to worry. I won’t say anything. Although no one on the team would care. Nat obviously knows about me, Stark is bi, Asgardians don’t seem to care about anyone else’s sexuality except when they’re trying to get in their pants, and I’m pretty sure Bruce considers it the least of his worries. If you ever decide you want to tell people, I got your back. Boy, this is so much better than the conversation I came over here to have. Here, have a burger, we’ll put on a baseball game.”
“Who else has one of these?”
Steve blinked at Natasha in amazement. “Okay, wow. No, those are all true. I never even thought about it.”
Now Steve was really confused. “What?”
Steve and Thor touched down in Tennessee at Tony’s last known coordinates. The ground was covered in snow and they found impressions where what looked like something human-sized had crashed into it. “JARVIS said that Tony landed in this area about 20 minutes after he left New York,” Steve frowned. “It took us an hour and a half to get here via quinjet.” Steve knew he’d been twitchy the whole flight, thinking of everything that could happen to a member of his team while he was too far away to help. “Maybe when things cool down I’ll see if he’s willing to help us upgrade.”
JARVIS interrupted, “Perhaps a drink is inadvisable, sir, given what took place in the lobby.” It might’ve been Steve’s imagination, but that seemed a little pointed. He was curious about what might’ve happened in the lobby, but Tony didn’t seem inclined to share. He just huffed and gestured Steve to a chair. Although Tony sat, he continued to tinker with whatever he was holding. He didn’t seem to be able to hold himself still.
They also talked about books. Tony laughed through Steve's analysis of the battle plans in
Steve wondered exactly where Fury had gotten that information and decided to go with as much truth as he could. “I’m not sure how many of them are ready for a real team, but I’d like to give it a shot. They’ve got pretty different personalities, but I think those sometimes make the best teams. Maybe you have more fights, but you’re generally more effective. We’re going to have a barrel full of trust issues, but I think we can crack it. I’d like to continue working with them, meeting and training and discussing strategy.”
“J, how are you coming on the decryption I know you’re working on for Steve?”
Steve cleared his throat. “Harley, we have to go.” Steve pulled out his phone and called the tower. “Hey Bruce, we hit a dead end. Tony was here, but he left. We did get some new information though, something about people who light on fire from the inside out? Tony fought a couple.”
I have basically no excuse, other than life happened. My cat got really sick, and then Christmas, and then my other cat got really sick, and work drama. Anyway, here we are! We get to see a few new characters, although not the ones that I initially thought I’d bring in. There will be a LITTLE bit of stuff from Agents of SHIELD, but I think this should be readable even without seeing it. Some of it what’s in here is semi-spoiler-y for stuff that happened in season 1 (details in endnotes). If you’re confused about any of the stuff here, let me know!
Tony hesitated. “I reserve the right not to answer.”
“Sure is,” Tony said, “but we’re going to need to chat someplace more secure than this.”
Sam grinned. “Nothing going on there?”
“What the hell, man? You can’t answer your phone after you fight aliens?” Steve looked up when he entered, but the annoyed- and concerned-looking black man didn’t even seem to notice him.
"You know, Howard talked about Bucky. Don't feel bad, you were still his favorite, but I think he liked how nuts Bucky always went over his tech."
Tony handed him a tablet of some kind. “You can put it in here. Not hackable remotely and mostly not hackable in person, although from what I read, that Skye of yours could probably do it with access to the tablet. Put it somewhere she won’t be tempted to try. I’ll be able to see anything you do on this tablet, so use a different one to look at porn.”
“Gonna talk shop, hm? You go right ahead, honey. I’ll go make dinner. You boys can talk out back. Captain? I’m really glad you came. You brought my daddy back with you.” With that, she kissed his cheek and walked into the kitchen.
“Even so, why in the hell would you recruit me? Don’t you have a whole agency behind you?”
“You trust Stark?” Rollins asked.
He smiled warmly at her, trying to see the girl he'd known under the white hair and wrinkled skin. "Bit of a surprise for me, too, if I'm being honest," he replied.
"That Natasha?" Sam asked. Steve nodded. "I'd do what she said, too. Damn. Give me your phone. I'll put my number in. And hey, if you ever wanna come down to the VA, make me look cool in front of the girl at the front desk, I'd be up for that." He handed Steve his phone back, then winked and smiled at Natasha, who gave a feline smile back.
"Lying on a marshmallow. Like I'm gonna sink right through to the ground. Yeah. How long were you in?"
“No change. I’m actually calling because you have a visitor. She says her name is Maya Hansen. I was at the office, on my way out and she asked to talk to me.” Steve saw a flicker of recognition cross Tony’s face.
Tony tried not to crack a smile, automatically imagining Steve’s response to Doritos and Pop-Tarts as a meal. Then he remembered everything he’d learned from Steve three days ago and the urge to smile fell away. “Where’s the coffee, Legolas? I can smell it.”
Almost before he finished talking, Trip pulled him in. “Thank you. Thank you for my grandfather’s life. Thank you for coming here and for bringing him back to us. Thank you for warning me about Hydra, probably saving my life.” He clapped Steve on the back and pulled away. “Come on in and say goodbye to my mama. I do what I can, but there’s nothing quite like a mom hug to set you right.”
"Sure, book a hotel room. They'll have recording devices in the lobby, but law prohibits them in the room. Don't book in advance and use a fake name. You'll need a credit card on file for incidentals, but we can work you up one with whatever fake name you like."
He found himself sketching more and more, mostly pictures of Bucky and Peggy with the rest of the Howling Commandos sprinkled in, but eventually, he started trying to sketch his new team. He didn’t know them as well, so they mostly remained vague outlines. He hadn’t realized how much he wanted the Avengers to become his new Howling Commandos. He would never want to replace the amazing men he had served with, but he knew he wasn’t really meant to be an island. He’d spent most of his life with just Bucky and his mother, then most of what was left with just Bucky, but the time he’d had with the Commandos had made him happy, despite the horrors of what was going on around them. That was the first time in his life he’d felt he really belonged anywhere, and it came from leading a team. SHIELD had already told him that they were all dead, but he knew that when he was a little less raw about it, he’d want more information about how they’d lived. He wanted to know what they’d done and whether they had families. Maybe he’d even see if he could meet some of their families and hear about them from a more personal source.
“I suppose that’s about all we can do,” Steve sighed.
"I believe that Loki was acting under the influence of the scepter." Now, it was Clint who tightened. Steve could see Thor register the discomfort, but he continued, "he was promised an army by someone, and gifted with the scepter at the same time. He is prone to mischief, but not on this scale. If it is agreeable, I would pursue him alone."
“Actually, sir, she wishes to speak with the Avengers together.”
“Well, Aunt Peggy has always been my favorite. My parents never understood me wanting to be an agent. Aunt Peggy bought me my first thigh holster.”
Tony’s voice was breathy now, and Steve hadn’t done this in a long time – since before the serum, really – but he didn’t think he was misreading the signals. He stared at Tony’s mouth for a moment, then reached one hand up to Tony’s face, cupping his cheek gently, ever mindful of his own strength. He heard Tony’s breath catch, decided to take that as a good sign, and leaned in slowly. Finally, his mouth touched Tony’s, softly, not wanting to push too hard. Tony seemed to have other ideas. As soon as their lips met, he pushed up on his toes, leaning more fully into Steve and putting one hand on Steve’s neck and the other on his hip. He tilted his head and let his lips part, inviting Steve in. It wasn’t an invitation Steve could resist. He dove into the kiss and brought his other hand to the small of Tony’s back, pulling him in gently, his heart pounding so loudly in his ears now that he almost couldn’t hear Tony’s soft moan of pleasure.
women – even when it got the shit kicked out of me. There’s a lot of bigots still out there, but I was kinda hoping you wouldn’t be one of them. I know times were different then, but – ”
Steve and Natasha were waiting at a hotel room the next morning when Fury knocked.
"Agreed. Maybe Coulson can fill in some blanks for us. He’ll be here soon.
Tony. Home. He only realized he’d been staring at his phone, filled with emotion when Trip cleared his throat. “Everything okay, man?”
He could feel his heart pounding, wondered how Tony couldn’t hear it. Steve nodded. “Yeah. I just can’t imagine keeping anything from you. Can’t imagine a universe where I don’t have you on my side. Where I’m not on yours. Bucky means a lot to me, yeah, but it’s not like…”
Natasha laughed. “You’re not me, but you did okay. Mission accomplished, soldier. We learned a lot.”
“Clint,” Steve interrupted. “I need you to stop for one second. Take a breath. You did surprise me yesterday, I won’t lie. I’m not any good at it, anyway. But you didn’t surprise me for the reason you think. When I was growing up, no one woulda just said it like that. It was dangerous. Forget jail, it got you killed. But you absolutely do not have to worry about me being a bigot. I don’t know if you’ve heard, but I pretty famously hate bullies. When you said that Bucky was pretty, I thought it was amazing, how much things have changed.” He tried for a smile. He knew he was rushing, placing so much trust in his teammates, but he trusted his instincts. “Hating you would be a little hypocritical of me.” He waited as Clint’s eyes widened as that sunk in.
“I bet the moms liked it too,” Tony said with a smirk and a side-eyed glance at Steve.
The grief was piercing this time, strong enough that he had to shut his eyes against it and didn't see Natasha's eyes widen and then narrow at the picture. "That's Bucky Barnes. James Buchanan Barnes. He's – was – my best friend."
“Yes, Captain. She was on the common floor as well, but has returned to her room to rest.”
Clint snorted. "Don't you worry about Thor. He came to earth and found a girlfriend in one day. Feisty, brilliant woman who ran over him with her van. After which her assistant tazed him. She's flying in – should be landing soon." His tone darkened. "Nat, can I crash on your couch? I might sleep better knowing someone who can cognitively recalibrate me if necessary is sleeping in the next room." Natasha nodded and went to get him some blankets. Clint cleared his throat. "Hey, uh. Cap. I just… I wanted to thank you. For trusting me. I tried to kill you, and you let me fight at your side. No questions asked. Means a lot to me. That you had my back. Just know, if you ever need it, I'll have yours." Affection filled Steve. He could do this. He could make this team.
“Hey there Mr. Fahrenheit, you fellas look like you could use a lift.”
“Sure. You’ll never be a master of stealth, but I can coach you enough that you can get some basic information from STRIKE. The real problem is to figure out your backstory. People know too much about you. You killing the Red Skull is common knowledge. How did you get involved in Hydra? Who recruited you? Why did they think recruiting you would have a big enough payout to risk exposure? It’s one thing to tell a lie one time, but after they take a step back, at least the higher-ups will be wondering how you ended up on their side. Rumlow will take it at face value, because he’s got a little man-crush on you, but Pierce is smart.”
“Hello?”
“Damn it, that’s not the same thing.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Natasha smiled. “See, you read people very well. We just have to tap into that for your lie training. I’ll tell them that at some point over the next few days, you’ll be trying to convince them of something and I’ll be listening. That way, you’ll feel better about it, and they’ll be extra suspicious. Win-win.”
“Probably, given some time. I’ll put him on it when we hang up. Clint and Natasha checked in. They’re going through a list of properties listed under either Killian or AIM, but again, it’s going to take some time to eliminate all the extra places.”
“Oh my god!” Steve and Thor whirled around, braced for attack, only to see a blond child holding some sort of homemade weapon that looked like it had been pointed at them until he’d figured out who they were. “Tony didn’t say you guys were coming!”
“Do you think you can plug in whatever lists Clint and Natasha give you? Give you some more,” Steve took a moment to reach for a Tony-ish way to describe it, “data points for your web?”
Steve blinked. "Are you telling me that Gabe's grandson is SHIELD?" He grinned over at Tony. "Maybe I should pay him a visit."
Pepper nodded and started to walk toward the steps to the upper platform. “I’m coming with you.” Her tone brooked no argument.
“Hey there, Agent.” Tony gave him a wry grin. Phil relaxed a little, then felt someone come up behind him. He didn’t turn, but heard them close the door.
After paintball, in which Steve’s team had beaten another fire team handily, Steve headed back to Bucky’s for dinner. Bucky opened the door to his wife, Natasha, sitting on the counter drinking a glass of wine. “Uh oh,” Bucky said, knowing his wife usually preferred beer or vodka, “rough day?”
“Oh no. He won’t believe it unless he hears it from you. Suck it up, Buttercup. Text him. And get some sleep.”
“You can call me Steve,” he said easily. He told her an abbreviated version of the course of events: his future self had come back and convinced Brock Rumlow and others that he was Hydra; now they thought current Steve was also Hydra; he and the Avengers were trying to figure out who was trustworthy and who wasn’t; their need for allies. While he talked, he watched her. After he’d told her just about everything, he said, “You know, you remind me of Peggy. She watched me just the same way when I told her all of this. No reaction, just taking it all in. I admire that steadiness. I have trouble with it, on occasion. But if you’ve got questions, now’s the time to ask’em. We’ll have to figure out ways to communicate without SHIELD being aware, but I’d like to avoid as much of that as possible. When you don’t know who the enemy is, it’s tough.”
