“Fuck!” Tony cries out from a particularly hard thrust. He throws his head back and moans, eyes falling shut from the intense pleasure that shoots through him. His cock jerks, shooting ropes of cum and painting his belly white.
But now that he and Tony were expecting, their friends didn’t hesitate to celebrate alongside them. A new team member(that’s what Clint decided to refer to the baby as) was exciting and a bit nerve-wracking all at the same time. A baby had never fully fit into the equation, but Steve was determined to make it work.
Morgan seems pleased with those words. She was finally going to get to spend some time with her dad before Peter stole it all.
Steve leaves and shuts the door behind him. Peter heaves out a sigh and slants back in his desk chair. His stomach churns and he places a hand over his belly.
Happy leans in close for a better look. “It’s nice. Tell me why you dragged me over here instead of gee I don’t know, Pepper?”
Tony scoffs and shifts in his own seat. He wishes he had chosen a better place to do this. The communal living area was the first choice, but this conversation didn’t require anyone else’s ears. The conference room would have to suffice.
Peter grows braver and takes a few steps toward his dad. He peeks inside and chuckles softly. “See? It’s a little messy.”
He hears the front door open, followed by the mixed voices of both Happy and Flash. Peter rushes downstairs just in time to catch Happy threatening the kid that’s picked on Peter for years.
“Are you sure?” Bruce still sounds concerned. Steve nods and Bruce lets it go. “All right. Let me know if anything changes. I don’t mind hopping on a fight back here if I need to.”
A scene like this one has played out before. Peter remembered training with his papa and then finding out that he had to leave for an important mission. It had been his papa’s last mission.
Tony doesn’t know what he’s supposed to say. He feels another apology will only upset his son even more.
The SUV parks near the back entrance, the same one Tony had used all those months ago when he first found Steve alone on the busy streets of New York. It’s incredible how far they’ve come since then.
Tony doesn’t find it unusual that Steve sleeps in, nor does he question his husband’s absence during breakfast. He’s seen Steve do this before, back when he was pregnant with their son. The beginning was always the hardest, Tony knew this firsthand. He remembers helping Steve when morning sickness decided to strike or when the fatigue became too much for even the serum to handle. Tony knew how this part worked. He wasn’t worried.
He moves quickly and quietly through the dark corridor. The elevator comes into view. It was his only way off this current floor. He steps inside and the doors close behind him.
“I love you, too,” Tony confesses. “Do you know how hard it is not to love you? I thought I could move on but I can’t.”
A hard kick to his side causes the omega to grunt and wrap his arms around himself to block another attack.
Of course Steve does. Tony witnessed his husband’s excitement and happiness throughout the pregnancy. From the moment they found out they were expecting until the day she was born and in Steve’s arms, Steve was always overjoyed.
Steve is hesitant at first, unsure of what he’s supposed to do. He’s never had sex like this before. He was usually forced to lie still and let the alphas take what they wanted. He was nothing but something for them to use.
Steve kisses him again, gently this time, then pulls away and turns his body, positioning himself in a way a good omega is supposed to. It’s what alphas like.
Tony ponders the idea for a moment. “Maybe we’ll get lucky and I won’t get pregnant. I’m kidding,” he quickly adds when Steve frowns up at him. He kisses Steve again. “I want to do this for you.”
He feels a little hopeful too. Maybe they could try one more time. Maybe this would be the one that takes.
“Exactly! He should’ve been there!” Clint cries. “Wasn’t it his own damn weapons that made you guys go?”
Bruce nods and smiles softly. “Your papa was telling me about your morning sickness. Has it gotten any better?”
“Easy there, Pops,” Tony jokes and pulls Steve into his arms. “We can’t be complaining now. We have years of this.”
The moment the story broke, Bruce had immediately tried reaching out to his friend, and when that didn’t work, he rushed to Stark tower. Tony never did say when he was coming back to New York, and for a second, Bruce had hoped he’d find his friend safe and sound back in his tower, his new family with him.
He gags and cups his mouth before he’s rushing out of the room, no longer able to handle the sounds Tony was making.
It’s not until he ventures further in does he pick up the soft sobs. Tony pushes the door of the nursery open, peering inside and finding it empty. He moves on to the master bedroom and that’s where he finds Steve.
“I don’t know if you see it but you’re getting stronger. You’re starting to act like yourself. Today kind of messed things up but other days you’re smiling. You’re not at all like the guy I remember picking up in my car.”
The next contraction causes Steve to emit a gasp and he shifts, groaning when the pain in his belly intensifies. All Tony can do is hold Steve’s hand and encourage him softly. It wasn’t enough.
Tony moves to get behind Steve, smiling when Peter’s eyes connect with his. “Hey, kiddo. Daddy won’t be here tonight, but you’ll be good for Papa, right? You won’t be a little stinker?”
Tony clears his throat, the first sound he’s made since his family and guest sat down. He doesn’t miss the way his husband quickly reaches for his wine glass and nearly chugs most of it down. He reaches for Steve’s hand and takes it, giving it a reassuring squeeze that says, ‘I’ll be nice’.
“Yeah,” Peter forces a smile and steps further into the room to take his seat at the table. His plate is placed in front of him and he has to fight the urge to vomit.
They fall silent again and Peter resumes staring out the window. He can’t stop thinking about Flash and what was probably the last conversation they were ever going to have. A part of him wishes Flash would have agreed to help or do something, but the other half is relieved. Peter couldn’t imagine trying to have a baby with someone like Flash. They were enemies. There was no way they could come together to raise a child. Not the mention that they were both kids themselves.
For years Steve was sure he’d never get a chance of happiness again. When Hydra found and captured him, Steve’s life held no meaning or purpose. Being a prisoner and forced to do the things that he did destroyed him. He had given up and accepted his fate, his new life.
Natasha disappears for a moment, and when she returns, she has an old photo album in her hands. She lays it down on the coffee table and everyone gathers around.
So Peter forces Flash out of his mind and looks for Ned to show off the picture he hasn’t stopped looking at. He finds Ned at his locker and rushes over, his excitement growing with each step.
Peter is relatively calm throughout the evening. He doesn’t fuss when Steve bathes him, his eyes drooping from the warm water and lavender scented baby shampoo. Steve dries him off gently then wraps him up in a fluffy blanket and takes him to his room.
The call ends and Tony gives up on continuing the suit designs. He sets his tablet aside and scoots closer to his son, then he hunches over to unfasten the tiny seatbelt around Peter’s form.
Peter eventually finds his aunt at the shooting range. He lingers in the entryway, watching her shoot the targets with perfect accuracy. She never misses, proving that she was the best at what she did. He knew she was a skilled assassin and spy, but to him she would always be his aunt first. The best aunt in the world. He wonders if she still has the mug he got her for Christmas with those same words printed on the front.
Tony uses the towel to wipe away the blood and other fluids clinging to his son’s body. “Come on, kiddo. Come on. Don’t do this,” Tony pleads, his vision growing blurry from the tears he’s fighting back.
I’m glad I’m finally updating this one! This has been one of my favorites to do and I really hope I can wrap it up soon and give everyone the happy ending they deserve!
Steve grunts from the initial stretch and he fists the sheets beneath him, his eyes shutting tightly and jaw tensing from the burn.
Natasha cocks her head in confusion. “Ben?” She repeats, her eyes following his gaze. “Like the ice cream? You want to name your son after Ben and Jerry’s?”
The first thing he does is wake up Jarvis. The AI is more than ready to comply with any request, but underneath that Tony can sense his frustration for being shut down for so long. Tony hadn’t walked away from Jarvis as long as everyone else, but he did take a break for a few days. Perhaps that was too long for Jarvis.
“No please! I just...I want to get to know you and watch these videos and...please?” Peter begs. He uses his best puppy dog eyes on his dad, just like he used to do with his papa.
They stumble further into the apartment, only breaking apart to rush up the stairs and toward their bedroom. Steve connects their lips again, fingers wrapping around the front of Tony’s suit and fisting the material.
“Tony!” Steve yells, arms wrapping around Tony’s neck and pulling him in for a heated kiss. Every moan and curse he emits is swallowed by Tony’s mouth. “Gonna-ah fuck-cum,” Steve says against Tony’s lips.
Steve is quiet for most of the drive into the city. He keeps his gaze out the window, barely participating in any of the conversations Tony tries to have. Tony brushes it off and takes Steve’s hand, rubbing his thumb along Steve’s knuckles.
Steve can’t help but smile at those words. He wishes he could convince Tony to take a test now. It would be easy to blame Tony’s illness on a random stomach virus, but Steve can’t help but wonder if luck was finally on their side.
“Whenever you want,” Tony sounds distant now and when Steve turns around he finds him heading toward the living room to probably put some cartoons on for Peter.
Steve gasps in surprise when Tony’s lips are on his neck and trail kisses down toward his chest, stopping once he reaches Steve’s right nipple and licks around the pink bud. Steve’s back arches off the bed, the frame creaking when he pulls against the cuffs.
“Tony, you’re not him,” Steve says again, keeping his voice calm. Something feels off. The person standing in front of him doesn’t resemble his husband. His Tony.
The bruises and wounds sustained from the abuse healed over time, but the damage from the emotional and mental abuse never does.
And maybe it was because working alone meant he was unlikely to cause damage to those closest to him. Okay, maybe that wasn’t entirely true. His time as Iron Man brought new threats everyday to the people he cared about. Working with a team just wasn’t his style.
Tony leaves the room and shuts the door behind him. He leans against the wood and a large breath blows past his lips. It takes him a moment to compose himself and wrap his mind around the exchange that he just had. It was hard to believe that his son loved him. How could he after all the hurt he’s caused? Tony still didn’t understand it. And he probably never would.
Another finger is added, increasing the burn. Tony curses and squeezes his eyes shut. His fingers find purchase in the sheets beneath him, gripping them tightly until his knuckles are turning white. Steve continues to stroke him with one hand and finger him with the other. The mixture of pain and pleasure is confusing. A part of Tony likes it.
With a heavy sigh he zips up his backpack and slings it over his shoulder. He never does make it to school, but that would just be another secret he’d have to keep.
Steve can only nod in response. He gazes down at his son, lovingly stroking a finger along his cheek. Peter responds by placing a hand over Steve’s chest.
Steve tries again, even though he already knows he’ll get the same response. He ends the call and presses his phone against his forehead, the urge to throw it across the room tempting. He takes a breath to calm himself, only to choke on the air when his belly spasms painfully.
Tony places a hand over the spot where their newest family member was growing, already picturing Dodger meeting them and protecting them like he did with Peter.
Steve turns away, settling his gaze on the ceiling above while he’s looked over. It’s not until a cool gel is applied to his belly does he allow himself to focus on the exam. He already knows what happens next, but he can’t help but grow curious when the doctor pulls up images of the baby.
Tony nods and glances down at his son, chuckling when he finds Peter alert and staring at him. “Guess you’re awake now, huh? Papa is asleep so it’s just you and me, kiddo. Wait until you meet the rest of the family. Especially Dodger. You’re going to love him. But be careful because he drools.”
Tony frowns at Pepper’s words. He should’ve known those were going to be the first thing she says to him when he walked into the office that morning. He probably did look awful. A lack of sleep does that to a person.
“Hey,” Tony greets, shifting uncomfortably in the doorway. “ I hope you weren’t too uncomfortable back there. I swear Bruce is a good guy.”
Tony continues to hit that spot every time, wanting to hear more of the delicious sounds Steve is making. It’s not until Steve’s hand flies down to grip his wrist is he forced to stop.
After they both have eaten, Tony orders dessert and that’s when Steve waits excitedly for the special moment. But it never comes.
Pepper is silent for a moment and Steve wonders if she already knew. Judging by her silence she probably didn’t. Tony never did say if he told his-their-friends anything. Steve wasn’t honestly sure if he wanted them to know just yet. His baggage wasn’t like most.
Tony moves closer, crawling onto the bed until he’s lying beside Steve. He turns his head, their eyes meeting.
Peter reaches for his uncle’s hand, holding it tightly and quietly begging him not to leave. He hasn’t heard the full story yet, just a few details. So far he’s learned his uncle had been shot out of the sky, his left arm wounded from the gunshot and wings damaged from the impact of falling into Hulk’s massive arms. The wings could be replaced but his uncle couldn’t.
Steve chases after him when Tony pulls back, crashing their lips together again. He cups Tony’s face as he deepens the kiss. It’s been too long since they’ve done this.
“Daddy?” Peter asks and Tony directs his attention to the little boy. “Is papa coming back? He’s gonna miss the movie!”
“Should’ve worn the suit,” Tony sighs when the traffic moves only to come to a halt a few minutes later. “Definitely should’ve worn the suit.”
“Yeah.” Tony nods in agreement. “It’s just...something feels off. I know I can get plastered but then I usually remember some things. I honestly have no recollection of last night. Nothing. Nada. “
Poor Peter. I don't blame him for being curious about Tony. I swear their interaction is next. I already started the chapter so hopefully I should have it up tomorrow!
“I get a do over, right?” Peter asks. He doesn’t miss the way his aunt’s lips curve into a playful smirk. “That’s a no.”
“I just want to help you and...your kid. You don’t deserve to go back to him or be left on the streets. But you have to tell me more so I know how I can help. You said we met. How?”
Steve chuckles and ducks his head down to capture Tony’s lips in a kiss, only to pull back when Tony turns his face and offers his cheek.
“Tony!” Pepper’s cry of frustration has him slanting back in his seat. There would be no point in arguing with her and he was better off just taking it. He deserved to be yelled at anyway.
Steve can’t help but grimace. His own stomach churns violently. “I’m gonna get you some water and uh…”
“Duh!” Peter immediately rushes over to the lineup of Iron Man suits. “This is awesome. Why did you stop?”
“You make me happy,” Tony says softly once they break apart. “You and Pete. I didn’t know I could ever feel like this. It’s cheesy, I know, but I don’t know how else to explain it. I love you, Steve. So much.”
Tony can’t help but frown. “You know it sounds like you’re putting me down. Just go ahead and write ‘world’s worst dad’ on my forehead. Maybe I ended up like my father after all. Or worse.”
Tony falls silent. He wishes he could say something relatable, but he grew up with everything. Well, except for the attention. His mother made sure to tell him she loved him. It was his father who couldn’t form those words.
Steve swallows hard and wrings his hands together. “I can’t. I see you with Peter and I wish-God, I wish we could be a family.”
Steve nods and leans closer so that he can place his own kisses along the alpha’s mark. Tony’s breath hitches and he tilts his neck to the side, offering the omega more access.
Just thinking about his father brings tears to his eyes. Peter wants nothing more than to go home and lock himself away to release all of the hurt. But nothing was going to take his pain away. It was always going to be there.
The Avengers gather in the common room, just like they’ve done countless times before. Only this time it’s not to discuss assignments, celebrate victories, holidays, or just to laze around on their day off. There were no smiles, laughter or conversation of any kind. The room is silent.
That grabs the billionaire’s attention and Tony turns back around. He removes his sunglasses. “What did you say?”
Peter sighs and lays a hand over his belly. “What am I supposed to do? I don’t feel...I don’t know if I love this baby like that. That’s terrible, isn’t it?”
Steve’s jaw tightens and he punches the bag a little harder. So what if he likes to imagine that he's hitting Tony’s stupid face? It helps him feel better.
Peter moves faster. His stomach churns and he prays he doesn’t vomit. That would be mortifying and not the best first impression.
It wasn’t surprising that bets were going around the compound. Natasha was convinced that the baby was a girl. Her reasoning was the excessive nausea and morning sickness. Tony called it bullshit and accused her of just wanting another girl on the team.
“Honey.” Tony’s voice is soft and he comes over, placing his hand over Steve’s shaking one. “Steve, look at me.”
“I’m here for you okay? If the party becomes too much then I’ll shut it down. Steve would understand.”
“What do you want me to say, Pep? I’m trying here. I didn’t play the fucking voicemail to hurt him! Hurting him is the last thing I want to do.”
“N-no,” Steve whimpers, refusing to give into the pleasure. The alpha’s touch burned against his skin.
Maybe it was for the best. Maybe they weren’t ready to be parents. Tony clearly had his doubts about becoming a father. No matter how many times Steve would assure him that Tony wouldn’t end up like his father or worse, it was obvious Tony struggled to believe that.
A part of him wanted to flee the school or pretend that he was sick. His principal should understand. There had been some hesitancy about Peter coming back anyway. Maybe it was too soon for someone to return to school after losing a parent. Whatever the reason, Peter didn’t care. He wanted to go to school. He
“He’s fine,” Tony assures and he crawls back into bed, sighing in content now that he’s close to Steve again. “Kiddo is out like a light.”
It was difficult to juggle both the team and the new events in his life. The baby and his husband were always going to be his number one priority. They were going to come first before himself and anyone else. This mission was going to be his last.
He pushes his discomfort to the side to collect what was left of the stolen weapons. Then he’s reaching out to his team.
“You better come back.” Natasha gets up to take her empty glass to the kitchen. “Or else you’ll probably get really familiar with Bucky’s arm.”
Tony mentally scolds himself. Of course this would be hard for Steve. Nursing Morgan was his thing; it was an important job that only he could perform. It was more intimate. It was their bonding time.
“You...don’t...have it in you. You think you’re stronger than me but...you’re weak. Always have been. You’re a worthless omega! You can’t fight!”
“Maybe I better go. I wasn’t expecting you to understand. I honestly never expected to see you again. I’m better off alone.”
“I think you’re afraid of turning into your father,” Steve says softly and he rubs a hand over Tony’s back. “But you’re not going to be him, Tony.”
Tony smiles and leans in slowly. Steve follows him until their lips are meeting for the first time. The kiss is short, gentle, a little unsure. Tony pulls away first.
“Feel better?” Bucky asks, adding a little more pressure. Steve can only nod in response. Bucky chuckles. “Good. I can do this all day.”
“Where do we start?” Sam asks, his eyes roaming over the place that not too long ago used to inhabit his best friend.
Steve was ready to take the blame. They had been doing well with their son until Steve ruined it. He never should have revealed to Tony how he still felt. None of his feelings mattered. Tony wasn’t going to reciprocate them, he had already made that clear.
“Me too. I’ll take it slow. No rushing. You call all the shots okay? I dont...I can’t hurt you again. But...I feel something for you. I don’t know if it’s because of the baby or just these past few days…I don’t know. But I like you. A lot.”
“A baby I should’ve known about.” Steve finally looks up to connect his eyes with Tony’s. “I’m sorry. God, Tony if I would’ve known-”
“You mean, like I’m pregnant? No. Nat, I did and nothing. It’s just sympathy stuff, right? I’m just experiencing the same stuff as Tony?”
Pepper releases a sob, the sound snapping the doctor from his thoughts and rushing toward her. They weren’t that close, not like she was with Tony, but at a time like this, she needed someone to comfort her.
When the pups wake up, Steve is already in the room to greet them and scent them. Sarah and Harley are calmer around him, whereas James is still hesitant and unsure. The little alpha doesn’t snarl or bare his teeth anymore, but he’s still cautious when it comes to his siblings. Steve assumes it had been James taking care of the younger pups when they were under Hydra’s care. It was a responsibility no pup his age should have. It makes Steve feel even more guilty.
“Okay. Then let’s make this suit. Spider-Man is going to need it. No offense but I don’t think jeans and hoodie are going to cut it.”
“I can’t believe you had a baby,” he tells Steve while he works on birthing the one he’s been tasked to have. Now wasn’t the time to discuss their surprise baby, but Tony can’t help but bring it up anyway.
Tony quickly switches over the call. “Hi, honey. I’m sorry I’m running late but I can assure you I’ll be home in-”
He never meant to hide how he felt. It’s just what he ended up doing. Putting his friends and loved ones first was something he always did.
Tony takes Steve into one of the conference rooms. It’s smaller than the one he uses for big important meetings, but it would do for now.
“Yeah.” Steve nods and he passes Natasha the car seat. “She already ate and she’s clean. If you need anything Tony will-”
Steve sniffs and pulls away so that their eyes can meet. Tony has never seen him so heartbroken; so distraught.
“I hope you got it, sir. I’m happy to be back.” Jarvis doesn’t sound very thrilled, but Tony’s not about to question his attitude. He had to deal with the nagging and disappointment for years.
Pepper shakes her head but doesn’t say anything else. They’re nearing the private exit now, only to stop when someone calls out to them. They both turn, finding Tony rushing after them.
“I had to do it. He tied me up and blindfolded me so I couldn’t see your face. I have to let you do it.”
It’s tempting to put her to bed and he gets some sleep, but he’s capable of running on just a few hours of it. He doesn’t disturb her when he gets up to retrieve his tablet, and she remains asleep while he works. It’s difficult to work with only one hand, but he manages.
At the sound of his name, Tony is snapping himself out of it and glancing up, finding Steve staring at him, that confused look back on his face. How many times did he say his name?
Tony can’t remember the last time they’ve all been gathered like this. He thinks maybe it was back for Steve’s baby shower, but even that was some time ago. He enjoys being around his friends, but it’s not the same when someone special was missing.
“Strip,” the alpha orders, a smug look appearing over his face. This time Steve does glare at him. “Come on! Hurry up!”
“Steve,” Tony says softly and the omega glances up, giving Tony a glimpse of how unsure he is. Tony sighs and comes closer, dropping down on one knee and taking Steve’s hands into his own. “Honey, we don’t have to do this.”
He doesn’t speak anymore after that. It was still too difficult to talk so openly about his experiences. But it was also his first day. Maybe next week he’d feel more comfortable.
“I’ll be on the jet,” Natasha says before making her way to the jet where Bucky, Sam, and Bruce are waiting.
“Steve was a good father. He did everything he could to make sure his son was happy, safe, and loved. He did all those things until the very end.”
He moves quickly to get a bottle made, knowing if he were to hold off any longer Morgan would get harder to console. Tony’s back in a matter of minutes with a warm bottle. It’s almost as if Morgan can sense her next meal is near because her cries become more urgent.
He quickly realizes he’s still holding Flash’s hand and he glances down at where they’re connected, his face heating up from the contact. Flash takes notice and yanks his hand free.
“Better now, thanks. It’s going to be a long night so you guys don't have to wait around. I’ll keep you posted.”
Steve returns a few minutes later with a wet washcloth. “I hope this works,” he says as he carefully cleans Tony. He takes extra time cleaning along Tony’s lower belly.
It was better that way. He didn’t want to be known as the omega that sacrificed his life to defend others, only to end up dying for nothing and being resurrected into a world of horrors. How would it look? He had been fighting for omegas and their rights. He didn’t believe in alphas having absolute control over everything. And yet he allowed one alpha to control every aspect of his life.
Steve narrows his eyes before dropping them back down to his son’s happy face. “He likes it. I always talk to him.”
“Honey,” Tony smiles and slips one arm free from around his sleeping son to take Steve’s hand. “You changed my world and made it better. You and the kids are my world. You’re all that matters.”
That inner voice wiggles it’s way back in, reminding Tony of the feelings he still has for Steve. They have grown closer since the birth of their son and have managed to put aside their feelings about the breakup to team up and care for their son. But now they were back to the way things used to be.
“Pete!” His papa’s voice startles him awake. Peter groans and buries his face in the pillow. The door to his room opens and Peter knows he won’t be getting any sleep. “Come on, bud, get up. You need to get ready.”
“No no, Pete,” Steve scolds. Peter’s eyes shine bright with tears and he reaches for the block. “Don’t put this in your mouth. You do this,” Steve says, placing the wet block on top of another to create a small tower. “See? Like that.”
She’s not the only one transfixed by his presence. The rest of the team gather around to properly meet their newest member.
“He is,” Tony interjects. “He is blaming me. Hell, I’m blaming me. I should’ve done more. I should’ve stayed with him.”
“I might have something. Come on, Pete.” Sam rises to his feet. “Let’s get you to bed. It’s been a long day.”
He should have some kind of award by now for how many people he’s pushed away. Maybe get put in the Guinness World Record book or something. It seemed like the only good thing he was good at these days was shoving people away and closing the door, locking it tight for extra measure.
The praise only urges Steve on. He pulls off Tony’s cock and sucks on the head, then he brings Tony back into his mouth until the tip brushes against the back of his throat. Tony bites down on his bottom lip to stifle his moans, not wanting to wake their sleeping pups and ruin what might be their only night to be intimate.
Steve immediately does as he’s told and quiets down his pup, not wanting to risk any harm coming to him. He’d make sure he receives any punishment before his son does.
“Yep.” Tony nods and places it in their cart. “At least this way you can pump and then I can bottle feed him.”
It’s the only explanation he can think of. But then he wonders if he’s done something else. He had been careful and made sure not to give himself away. He didn’t talk about the party, or Flash, or complain about any of his morning sickness. Maybe they didn’t know. Maybe-
Peter nods and glances down at his lap again. He pulls on the piece of thread again until he creates a small hole in his jeans.
A new mission has been assigned and Steve knows going out in the field wasn’t an option. He could easily send Sam or even Bucky in his place, but it would raise suspicions. Steve found himself between a rock and a hard place.
Happy glances at the two pups that had caused mayhem all day. His expression softens. “I love the kids. Even if they like to scream and draw on my face.”
Steve whimpers when the finger continues to tease his sensitive rim, then without warning, the finger plunges inside and Steve screams. He cries and begs to be let go, but just like in the past, he goes unheard.
Steve scrambles to his feet, ready to chase after him but he’s too late and Brock escapes. Steve forgets about him and directs his attention back on his mate, eyes scanning for any harm.
Steve nods and turns to leave, then he’s turning back around and leaning against the doorframe. “You seemed quiet tonight. At dinner you barely said anything. Still feeling sick?”
Harley whimpers and clings to Steve’s chest and Sarah’s giggling dies down. Steve adjusts her and places her in his lap beside her brother. He hugs his children and kisses both of their heads.
Bucky smiles and hugs his nephew. He holds onto him a little longer than necessary, almost too hesitant to let him go. It’s not until Sam lays a hand over his shoulder does Bucky release Peter from his grasp.
“It feels like it is. I’m sorry, Auntie Nat,” Peter whimpers and hugs her tightly. She hugs him back and cradles the back of his head. Just like he remembers her doing when he was younger.
Steve whimpers and buries his face in the crook of Tony’s neck, inhaling the comforting scent. The twinges in his belly start up again and he cries out. He’s been through this before, during all of his pregnancies. False labor was supposed to be harmless; just the body’s way to prepare for the real thing, but this felt wrong. The pain was too great. He didn’t want to think the worst, but he can’t help but worry that he would lose another pup.
Peter takes another peek at the test, hoping his nerves had conjured up his fears. But when he glances at the little window, the two pink lines are still there. He sobs again and has to fight the urge to throw it against the wall.
“You need to be nice to Sarah okay?” Steve tells his son. The pup ignores this and continues to push his car along the wooden floor of the living room, adding his idea of car sounds every now and then. Steve sighs. Maybe Sarah did need a sister.
The first thing he does is check on his pups. Both Peter and Sarah are sleeping peacefully, both still tucked under their blankets and cuddling their favorite stuffed animal. Steve smiles at the scene before shutting the door halfway and moving on to the next room.
Peter grows quiet, his eyes slowly peeling open and connecting with Tony’s glistening ones. Tony brings his son closer, not caring that the baby was still sticky with blood. He was one of the most beautiful things Tony had ever seen.
Tony nods again, but decides to let Steve leave first. “Can’t go down together,” Tony explains when Steve stares at him quizzically. “Don’t want people getting the wrong idea.”
Tony turns away from the road to glance in his son’s direction, confused as to why the teen had stopped talking. At first he figures Peter has gotten distracted by his phone or something outside the car, but then he notices the sad expression on his son’s face.
With another deep breath, Steve makes the call. He waits, listening to the rings, hoping that he’ll hear Tony’s voice. He never does and he’s forced to leave a message.
A gray rocking chair is set up in the left corner of the room, and beside it is a dresser, the rich, espresso color matching those of the crib pieces laying near Tony. On the opposite side of the room, the changing table is already built. There’s an empty spot next to it that Steve assumes is meant for the crib Tony is currently working on.
Everyone gathers in the common room. Natasha and Bruce take one sofa while Bucky and Sam take another. The chair remains empty. It always would.
“Come on, daddy!” Peter cries and tugs on his father’s hand, urging him to hurry up. Tony chuckles and leads his son to the bed. Peter is lifted up and placed down beside Steve. “Papa, he’s here! Look!” Peter points excitedly at his sleeping brother.
There was only a small handful of people he trusted. Okay maybe only three, but to him that was enough. Pepper was part of that trio; he trusted her with his life. So it made sense that he would trust her with this.
That captures Tony’s attention and he quickly has JARVIS turn on the lights. The first thing he looks for is red, but the sheets are still white. His eyes travel up to Steve’s face, noticing the way it contorts in pain.
Alexander sighs sadly. “He doesn’t get out very much, so when he never came home last night, I wondered if he had come to you. You would’ve been a familiar face to him.”
Tony wasn’t like Bucky. They were opposites, but there was no denying that something was growing between Steve and Tony. The kiss was a start and a promise of more lingered above them. There was a chance of finally having a mate.
“Is he okay? What’s wrong?” Tony asks, his voice laced with concern. He places his hand over the bump, feeling the strong pressure against his palm.
A part of him wants to put the suit away and demand Tony take it back to wherever the hell it came from, but he’s intrigued. If Tony insisted he take him out for a nice dinner, then Steve shouldn’t refuse. Tony did say he’d make up for forgetting.
“What’s with the special breakfast?” Tony has the audacity to ask. He should just be grateful that he had a big breakfast being made for him. Lately all he wanted to do was eat. And sleep. Definitely sleep.
Tony is quick to pick up the hints Steve was leaving for him. The pink hue that was decorating Steve’s face was a giveaway, but it was the change in his scent that Tony picked up first.
Tony hasn’t screamed yet. If anything he appears the most calm. He curses every now and then when a contraction starts, but it’s nothing dramatic. It’s Steve that panics. The roles were switched for once.
Steve’s brows pinch together and he bites down on his bottom lip. He thinks hard about his past life and what the older version of himself used to love doing. What hobby did he used to have? He knows he had one. It’s just been so long since he’s done anything.
Steve scoffs. “Something like that. The effect it had on him was negative. Like I said, if it can make good great, then you can imagine what it does to someone bad. He wanted control of everything. He believed that alphas were more superior and omegas had no place in the world other than for breeding. I gathered a team and together we set out to make things right. At the time I didn’t know we were chasing Hydra. They knew how to keep a low profile. I lost my best friend on that assignment. There was nothing I could do.”
“No,” Steve replies with a shake of his head. “Right now you’re freaking out and trying to figure out what to do. Trust me I know. But your dad and I are here for you okay?”
“Speak of the devil,” Tony says and quickly zips up his bag and slings it over his shoulder. “Come on.” He holds out a hand for Steve to take and he hoists the omega up to his feet.
“I’ll take a break from work. My family needs me and it’s not just your job to take care of us. It’s my job too.”
Peter nods. He honestly couldn’t agree more. He was ashamed to have slept with his enemy. Everyone knew how he felt about Flash and if it was revealed that they slept together, then Peter’s life would be even more hellish.
“Auntie!” Steve rushes to his aunt, giggling when she picks him up and starts placing kisses along his face.
Steve keeps his teeth bare, not caring that he’ll get reprimanded for it later. He needs to protect his daughter.
Natasha and Peter go into the small kitchen with the cake while Clint and Thor make their way over to where Bruce and Tony are. Tony stiffens under the burning gaze of his old teammates. He hadn’t expected Thor to show up, not when the god was usually back at his motherland or in a galaxy far far away.
It was going to take a lot more than just those words to make his son believe him, but Steve would do anything to gain his trust. He’d repeat those words a thousand times a day if he had to.
“I wish you were here,” Peter says, his vision blurring from the tears that form in his eyes. “Everything’s so different now and...and I don’t know what to do. Dad is...he’s trying I guess but he’s not you and...and I don’t know if it’s worth it. Is that wrong to say?”
Satisfied with Steve’s response, Tony is able to fall asleep, positive that everything between them was going to be okay.
“I’m not doing that to him. Why would you ask that in the first place? You know what he’s been through.”
Pierce exits the elevator first and Tony is pushed out, losing his balance for a second before he’s caught and manhandled back into place. He growls when the hand around his shoulder squeezes too tight, and he’s rewarded with a smack to the back of the head.
“Yeah,” Steve winces at the memory of the muffin he destroyed. “I’m sorry about breakfast. I’m sure it would have been good.”
He grumbles again and rolls over onto his back, one hand coming up to scrub along his face. His eyes finally open and land on the ceiling for a moment before locking with her identical ones.
“I need to move him. He can’t sleep here again,” she says. Peter has refused to sleep in his own bed; he won’t even step foot in his apartment. She doesn’t blame him.
“I know, I know. I’m sorry. We can reschedule and I’ll deal with the board and meet the interns. It’s just that guy-”
But though Steve was anxious about his babies growing up, he wasn’t going to let it ruin the bit of excitement that he had. He couldn’t wait for them to experience new things and enjoy the opportunities that would be opening up for them.
He grunts when the pressure becomes too much and he finds his body bearing down on its own. His eyes go wide and he tries to stand up straight, only to drop down to a squat.
“You’re seriously going to ask me that? Of course I’m happy. I have you and our crazy, adorable pups. What’s not to be happy about?”
“I won’t?” Tony asks, even though he knows his son was right. That doesn’t stop him from trying to get inside the small tent. Peter giggles when Tony falls over and Dodger rushes to Tony to comfort him with kisses. “I’m okay, Dodge. I guess Petey-Pie was right.”
Peter sniffs and clings to his uncle. He finds comfort in him, but he could never replace his papa. Peter misses the way he would hold him and tell him that everything was going to be okay. He misses the way he would tell stories or jokes to make him feel better.
Peter pauses when he hears his dad inhale sharply. He waits for the yelling to start, and judging by the look his dad gives him, he knows there was more screaming to come. But then his papa is coming toward him and sitting down beside him, reaching for his hand and squeezing it.
The only perk of carrying a pup is the lack of abuse. He’s handled carefully and no longer required to be restrained when he’s outside of his room. The pup in his belly was the only thing saving him from hours of torture.
“Where’s Steve?” Natasha asks, taking small steps toward him until she’s occupying the other cushion.
“Yeah.” Bucky smiles and glances down at his nephew. His smile falters and he frowns. “He looks like him.”
The door to Sam’s private room opens and Peter jumps out of his seat. Bucky steps into the hall, eyes bright with tears. He greets Peter and Natasha first, hugging them close. Then Natasha is whispering something to him and steel blue eyes are locking with Tony’s. They’re full of confusion, but it’s the anger in them that has Tony recoiling.
The tinted window of the driver side lowers just enough for Peter to get a peek of dark hair and sunglasses. Guess it wasn’t just Peter trying to avoid attention.
Tony’s head snaps up and finds Steve lingering near the end of the couch. He doesn’t seem upset anymore, the small smile on his face proof that he was willing to forgive and move on.
“We have a cat?” Peter asks in disbelief. Not once has he seen his uncles with any kind of animal. He didn’t even have a dog growing up. Even if his papa secretly wanted one. Peter hadn’t been ready then. He wonders if his papa would’ve caved and gotten a dog during his retirement. Even Captain America got lonely and needed a furry, four-legged companion.
“Yeah.” Tony nods. “It nearly gave me a heart attack the first time she did it. Guess tummy time is working.
Knowing that the hostages were safe, Steve pushes forward to finish the mission. Discovering the room that houses the stolen weapons was easy, but taking down the men guarding them proved to be the difficult part. That’s normally how it goes, but this time was different.
Tony pulls off Steve's lips and presses kisses to the corners of his mouth, then trailing down his jaw until he’s placing open-mouth kisses along Steve’s neck. The omega shudders, his body breaking out into goosebumps in reaction to what Tony was doing to him. Tony’s lips brush against his mating gland, eliciting a gasp from the omega.
“Sorry, kiddo,” Tony tells him then turns back to Steve. “Not James. I can’t say the same for the other three.”
Steve takes the gift, brows furrowing in confusion. He can’t imagine what could be this small. His question is still unanswered when he pulls out a small crystal vial filled with a strange, purple liquid. He stares up at the god quizzically.
Tony doesn’t want to make any wild assumptions and the last thing he wants to do is accuse Steve of being insane, but the things Steve was saying made it difficult to believe that he was sane.
He hates that mindset. The pills are what’s helping Steve cope with his depression. At least, that’s what they’re supposed to be doing. From day one Steve has never missed a dosage, and yet some days it seems like he’s never been prescribed them at all.
For the most part, everything appears normal. Steve doesn’t complain about any of his earlier symptoms, and he’s able to enjoy the film and their family time. Tony’s no longer concerned, figuring whatever it was Steve was feeling was nothing to worry about. Steve understood the changes his body was going through more than anyone, and if it was something to be concerned over, he would say something.
“Y-yeah,” Steve stammers, his breath hitching in his throat when his stomach tightens. He bites down on his bottom lip to stifle the groan that tries to crawl its way up his throat. The pain is getting worse and more intense. He wasn’t one to voice his discomfort, but it was getting harder and harder to keep his composer.
Getting together would be risky and jeopardize the relationship they’ve managed to build over the past couple of years. And plus, it wasn’t like Steve reciprocated those same feelings. They were two completely different people, and Tony didn't care how much opposites attract. They’d never work.
The next chapter will be Tony reading the letter and finding out about Steve. And I’ll also get into what happened with Sam and Bucky.
“I got you, sweetheart,” Tony promises and he connects their lips again. He breaks the kiss to remove his own shirt, tossing it somewhere behind him. This time it’s Steve who reaches out to touch and explore the alpha’s exposed chest. “You can touch me all you want. I’m yours.”
I swear I was gonna have them kiss but then this happened and well...yeah, I'm not surprised. Maybe the next chapter there can be a stony kiss? Yes? Yes!
“Okay. I’ll start if it makes you uncomfortable. I’m Tony.” Tony holds out his hand. He feels awkward leaving it in the air for too long and pulls back. “Listen, I just thought since you’re in my car that maybe I could get your name.”
“Tony,” Pepper pinches the bridge of her nose and shakes her head. She sighs. “You and I both know about your reputation. I’m proud of you for behaving the past few weeks but look what happened because you decided to have a wild night. An omega you don’t even know is pregnant. Are you even sure it’s your baby?”
James snarls in response and holds his brother and sister tighter. Steve’s eyes travel to the other pup, a small smile forming over his face.
Tony’s eyes linger over the hand on Peter’s shoulder. He wants his hand to be there, he wants to be the one encouraging Peter to smile and have a good time. But he’s never felt so unwanted and left out before. He’s afraid to do anything in fear of overstepping. The team was just fine without him and proved that him leaving didn’t break them apart, but bring them closer together. Tony wants nothing more than to squeeze himself back into their tight knit family, but there’s hesitancy.
Peter couldn’t be more relieved when the final bell rings and he’s dismissed. He finds Ned by the lockers and together they make their way through the hall and toward the double doors.
Steve picks up the book again and skims through it, determined to find a name for his son before the exhaustion fully kicks in. It’s beginning to look like he’d have to figure out a name in the morning, but then he finds a name.
Tony heaves out a sigh and pulls Steve into his arms. He cradles the omega’s head, bringing it to his chest and allowing him to cry. Steve clings to him tightly, soft sobs and sniffs filling the room.
“Allow me.” Alexander rises to his feet and takes the empty glass, crossing the room to get to the bar that is set up. “Would you consider yourself an exceptional alpha?” He asks as he pours the drink.
One particular hard thrust has Steve crying out and his back arching off the bed. Steve clings to Tony tightly, his nails digging into the soft flesh of Tony’s back. He chants Tony’s name like a mantra. That spot inside of him continues to get hit with every thrust, pushing him closer and closer to the edge.
The elevator doors open and Peter is once again following Happy. They enter the penthouse together and Tony immediately greets them. He seems happier and not drunk. Peter’s happy with that. He needed his dad to be able to function properly.
“You’re pulled from future assignments. If you want to retire after this that’s your choice, but the world still needs Captain America.”
Peter is in a good mood, which Tony is beyond grateful for. Last night had been a different story for the two-month-old; he had grown fussy after bath time and it took three rounds of
His hand falls to his middle. His pup was the only thing that mattered, to both him and Hydra. He may be their prized omega but the pup he carried was the real prize. They’d stop at nothing to get their perfect alpha.
He squeezes Bucky’s metal hand as hard as he can, and bears down when he’s instructed by the doctor. The moment had finally come and he’d be welcoming his son into the world. The hours had been long and difficult, but it was called labor for a reason. But like Bucky had said, it would be worth it.
“Good,” Tony rises to his feet and comes around the sofa to hug his son. Peter grips him tightly, and that’s when Tony feels his body trembling. “Hey, it’s okay, kid. He’s fine. Everything’s fine.”
“Remember how I said we might be getting close?” Tony asks and Steve nods his head. “Yeah...I think this is it.”
There’s a pause on the other end. It seems to go on forever and Steve wonders if Tony had hung up. Steve pulls the phone away from his ear to check, finding the call still going.
“How are you going to do it?” Happy asks as they make their way toward the Audi parked on the street.
Steve smiles and leans closer to place a soft kiss to Tony’s cheek. Peter whimpers, forcing Steve to pull back and chuckle.
Tony moves past his bodyguard to get closer to the trembling omega. The guy was massive, standing at least a few inches taller than Tony. He didn’t fit the description of an omega at all. But the times were different now. Tony wasn’t about to judge and make assumptions.
He’s snapped from his thoughts by the sound of Happy’s irritated voice, and that’s when he realizes the elevator has reached its destination and Happy was waiting for him to get his butt out. Peter mutters a quick apology and rushes after the bodyguard.
But she can’t wait for them to come looking for her. It’s obvious she didn’t matter. Their jobs, training Peter, and caring for Harley was important. She meant nothing to them.
Two hands are gripping onto him tightly and spinning him around. He’s met again with the face of Brock Rumlow. The fear that was once written on his face is now gone. The smug grin plastered on it makes Steve’s stomach churn.
Steve is torn between wanting to feel his son again and leaving him alone. The baby is so small and vulnerable, and the last thing Steve wants to do is hurt him more than he already has.
The pain is at its worst. It’s coming every few minutes, forcing cries of pain and obscenities to spew from his lips. The epidural should be doing its job and yet Tony could feel every damn contraction that hits. They must’ve stopped giving him the medication. He doesn’t even need to watch the little waves on the monitor anymore to know when one’s coming; his stomach tightens, the muscles hardening like a rock. The pain brings tears to his eyes. He just wants it to end.
Tony’s head snaps up at the familiar voice, finding Steve lingering in the doorway of the nursery. Steve steps into the room and comes closer. There’s some hesitation in his steps, almost as if he’s unsure of himself, but the sound of his crying baby is what brings him closer and stretching his arms out.
“It’s okay to hate your dad. I know a thing or two about that. I didn’t get along with my old man. He never told me he loved me. I don’t even think he liked me.”
The door to the extra bedroom remains locked. Tony offered to transform it into a new office or an art studio, but Steve refused. That was supposed to be Peter’s room. It belongs to no one else.
Peter is fed and put to sleep in his bassinet. Steve insisted Peter stay in their bedroom with them. Tony doesn’t argue. The other pups would have to sleep in one of the guest rooms until Tony can transform it into a space fit for kids. Steve is hesitant to leave them alone in such a large room. He fears it could trigger them and make them uncomfortable.
“I know you miss him,” Tony tells his daughter. “I miss him too. But he’ll be back soon okay? I promise.”
He senses the omega’s hesitation immediately. Tony scolds himself for coming on too strong. It was something he did a lot.
“How do you know that? Did you ask? Oh wait no you didn’t. We don’t work and I’m sorry but it’s stressing me out.”
That wasn’t the case this time. Peter wasn’t going to be ripped out of his arms the moment he entered the world. He would be safe
He’s not as fast as he’d like to be, but soon he has Peter changed and swaddled again. Steve doesn’t go back to bed and instead lowers himself in the rocking chair to feed his son. Peter’s learned quickly and latches on without hesitation, greedily taking his fill.
He knocks lightly on the door with one hand and the other hovers over the knob. He grips the cool brass, the voice in his head begging him to turn it.
Steve takes Tony’s hand and leads it to the spot where their newest addition was growing. “You ready to be a dad again?”
His friends are there to help him set up the nursery, and just like he suspected, they spoil the baby. Natasha more so than everyone else. Steve figures because she will never get the chance to experience this for herself. He lets her do what she wants, knowing that it makes her happy.
“Wait, Mr. Stark!” Peter calls after and rushes to keep up, only to be held back by security. “My name is Peter Rogers and-”
Tony is still standing, the knife held tightly in his hand. He locks eyes with Steve and then releases his hold on the knife. He loses his balance, staggering back until he’s hitting the wall and sliding down it.
Tony glares in Clint’s direction. “Nat, if you weren’t holding my son right now I’d have you kick his ass.”
“Hang on,” Tony says and pushes his security guard away. He looks Peter over, brows furrowing slightly. Peter can’t help but tense up. His eyes were hidden behind the sunglasses, preventing Peter from seeing the hard look he was currently given him. “What do you want?”
“I thought it was the start of another joke,” Steve huffs out a small laugh. The smile on his face falters, twisting into a look of agony. He lets out a groan and tips his head back against the pillow, blowing out a breath when the contraction peaks. A moment of silence passes between them before Steve lifts his head and offers a small, but reassuring grin. “I’m okay. It wasn’t too bad.”
“I didn’t want to lie!” Peter is quick to defend himself. “But I knew how angry you’d get about him and I guess I just figured it’d be safer if you didn’t know.”
“Good,” Flash appears more at ease now. Then he’s pointing a threatening finger in Peter’s face. “And nobody ever will. You got that?”
The sun is shining, its rays bright and warm against his skin. Birds are chirping in the trees; their tune is a little too happy for his taste. The grass is a vibrant green and there’s an array of planted flowers nearby, each bright and alluring to the eye.
“Papa!” Peter cries and wraps his arms around his father’s neck, emitting a hiss from Steve and forcing Peter to let go. “Papa, you’re hurt.”
“I think we have a name.” Tony kneels down in front of Steve, leaning forward and carefully resting his head over Steve’s belly. “Hey, Peter. We finally have a name for you, kiddo. Sorry it took this long. Blame your papa.”
“Sci-fi. Well wait...I don’t know! I like a mixture of things. Comedy for sure. Some horror. But only the cheesy, campy kind. Like that really old one
“That’s his room. No one goes in there,” Peter explains. And just like that, his smile was gone and replaced with tears.
“No. I just need you to pick up a few things. I don’t have any clothes for him and he can’t wear what he’s wearing now. Just grab a few things for him.”
One glance in the nursery shows a peaceful scene, and knowing that Morgan and Steve were okay, Tony leaves them alone to set up coffee. It’s a few minutes later when Steve is entering the room with their daughter in his arms. Tony sends a small smile his way when their eyes meet, only for it to be replaced with a frown when Steve doesn’t smile back.
Happy with that response, Tony suggests they finish breakfast and shower. Steve isn’t surprised when he’s led downstairs and given the first birthday gift he’s had in over 70 years. Tony didn’t go overboard like Steve had expected. There were no expensive and extravagant gifts, but instead a set of art supplies.
Tony’s head snaps up and he connects his eyes with the ones that match his own. Peter’s frowning at him, his own eyes filling with both tears and concern.
Steve knows he won’t shoot, and with mustered courage, he plunges the syringe deep into the beta’s neck, the room filling with the man’s screams of pain. Bullets fly toward him and Steve uses the man in his grasp as a shield, taking the hit instead of him. When the gunfire ceases, Steve takes advantage and with a harsh shove, throws the lifeless beta man toward Rollins, catching the alpha off guard.
“I’m...trying…” Steve says through gritted teeth. The contraction intensifies and he cries out again. “Go faster!”
“He’s being weird, Tony,” Steve sighs harshly into the phone. He’s already had this conversation with his husband, but it was like he was the only one taking Peter’s new attitude seriously.
Peter slowly approaches, fidgeting with the t-shirt that keeps sliding down his shoulder. His uncle snaps his head up, revealing swollen, inflamed eyes.
“It’s about time he showed up,” Thor interrupts, narrowing his eyes in Tony’s direction. “It’s been how long, Stark?”
“I know. I wish I had done more. We both screwed up and I’m so sorry that you had to be in the middle of it. If I could go back in time somehow I’d make things right. And I know he would too.”
“I can do the living room,” Bruce volunteers. He meets the sad eyes of his nephew. “Or not. Pete, you decide. This was your home.”
“Makes sense. It’s practically in my veins. With you I smell...it’s sweet, maybe sweeter now with the pup. It’s good...really good.”
“This is us at Disney World,” Peter explains, showing off the picture for Tony to see. “It was the last time we went.”
Natasha nods and wipes the tears from her eyes. She rises to her feet and puts on a smile. It’s not very bright and the pain still clearly shows behind it.
Steve releases a shaky breath. “I wish I could’ve done more. They were my children and it was my job to keep them safe. I failed them.”
“Uh-huh.” Steve closes his book and sets it down on the coffee table, then he curls up beside Tony. “I think I missed you more.”
The fifteen-year-old groans and pulls the blankets further over his head. He mumbles something Steve can’t decipher.
“I’ll be alright. I know I can get through this with you by my side. You’ve always been there. I know you always will be.”
“I know how you still feel about me being here,” Steve says and Tony sighs. He had thought he was being discreet, but it was obvious Steve noticed the faces and comments he made about the place.
Steve’s breath hitches in his throat and tears gather in his eyes, a few escaping and rolling down his face. He doesn’t stick around to hear anymore and he slips out the front door, away from the party and the alpha he thought had loved him.
Tony rolls his eyes. “I’ve cut back, believe it or not,” he says as he makes his way toward the kitchen and begins searching through his fridge. He returns with two bottles of water. He tosses one to Peter and chugs from the other.
Tears are running down her face and she rushes from the room. No one bothers to chase after her. She doesn’t know why she thought they would.
He’s back in the dark bedroom with Tony sleeping beside him. Steve sneaks a peek in his mate’s direction, relief washing over him when he finds Tony’s face clear of any damage. It had just been another nightmare.
“I mean…we’re getting close to being friends. He doesn’t bully me anymore. I think the baby changed him or something.”
It’s obvious putting the crib together wasn’t the only project Tony had decided needed to be started right now. The rest of the room was well on its way to becoming a nursery. Steve didn’t ask what items Tony had asked FRIDAY to order, and it was clear she took it upon herself to supply more than enough for the baby.
Tony does his best not to bring up Steve’s birthday, but the more the weeks pass, the harder it is for him to contain himself.
“Hi, mama,” James is the next to greet, hugging Steve’s side. Sarah grows annoyed and fusses, squirming and babbling angrily at her brother. James huffs and moves away to avoid being kicked.
Tony makes a note to treat his family to a real vacation. The Lord knows they need it. Maybe Disneyworld. The kids would love that. Tony can already picture the pups dressed in matching Mickey Mouse outfits and hats. Hell he’d wear one too just for the fun of it.
“I was, kid. I should’ve called your papa back but I decided to deal with the issue myself. He sounded...scared. I didn’t want him to go so I took care of it.”
Happy frowns and opens his mouth to defend himself, only to shut it when he realizes it wouldn’t do any good. He says his goodbyes to Steve, glares at Tony and then leaves, grumbling to himself about how he was supposed to remove the marker from his face.
“Dammit,” Steve curses to himself. He could wait until Tony was home, but he wouldn’t be able to conceal his excitement for that long. “Jarvis, can you call Tony? I have good news for him.”
A gunshot rings out and Tony grunts, staggering forward and finding purchase in Steve’s t-shirt. Steve screams out for him and quickly frees one hand to hold Tony up.
That little voice in the back of his mind brings up the idea he couldn’t stop thinking about. He tries to ignore it, but the voice has gotten louder now, almost yelling at him to just do it.
But that didn’t mean his relationship with Tony was perfect; there was no such thing as a perfect relationship and couple, but they came pretty damn close. They bickered still and sometimes went to bed angry, but they always came back to each other in the end.
Peter huffs and plops down in one of the empty seats, watching as his uncle tries and fails to reach out to his father. That’s when he notices other members were missing.
Tony makes sure he’s done everything correctly before serving himself some coffee. He lounges lazily on the sofa, sipping from his cup and browsing through the blueprints of his latest suit. Steve emerges a few minutes later, not as bright as he usually is in the mornings. The pregnancy was taking a toll on him. Or maybe Tony finally had some luck on his side.
“N-no! Don’t touch it!” The omega pleads when Tony tries to rip the collar off. As if to distract Tony, he clenches down, stimulating the alpha’s knot.
Tony sighs. “God you know me so well. I can’t, Pep. I had Bruce come by and he’s running a paternity test for me and I don’t know. What if...the pup’s mine? I’d be a father!”
“Too late isn’t it?” Steve snatches his clothes and retreats to the connecting bathroom, slamming the door behind him.
“Need to...touch you,” is all Steve can say. He pulls a little harder at the cuffs, huffing when they refuse to loosen around him. The frame creaks and he has stop himself from pulling it apart.
Tony doesn’t miss the way Steve’s eyes shine. There's no candle light to blame for the brightness in Steve's eyes. Tony nods and cups Steve’s face, leaning down to kiss him softly.
The tears break free and run down his face, and this time he doesn’t bother to fight it. He sobs, his body shaking from how intense they are. He slides down to the floor and buries his face into his hands, screaming until his throat burns worse than the alcohol.
Tony groans and increases the movements of his hips, fucking into the omega at an unforgiving pace. The room fills with the strong stench of their mating and the sound of their hips meeting. Tony grips the omega tightly, eyes falling shut and mouth hanging open. The pleasure was unlike anything he’s ever experienced.
“Let me guess,” Tony sighs and he moves to sitting back on the couch. “It made him the ultimate bad guy, right?”
“I’m trying to be. I guess I want to be better than what I had. I never expected to have a pup so...I just want to do something right.”
Peter says his goodbyes and touches the shield, then he follows the trail back to the car. His dad is already inside, eyes looking straight ahead and fingers wrapped tightly around the steering wheel. Even with his sunglasses on Peter can tell he had been crying. The wet tracks on his face couldn’t be hidden by expensive shades.
He considered the alpha more than just his counselor. Sam was a good friend. Perhaps even Steve’s best friend. It’s been so long since he’s had one.
“They’ve been like this all day,” Tony explains when he catches sight of the frown on his mate’s face.
Bucky appears like he’s going to forfeit and turn away, but then he’s turning back around and slamming his metal fist into the wall beside Tony’s head.
“I just want him to be okay,” Steve says, his voice cracking slightly when more tears fill his eyes and roll down his face.
Bruce can’t bring himself to finish that thought. He didn’t want to think about the little pup he helped bring into the world.
Tony can’t get the scene of Steve lying lifeless on the floor out of his head. It will probably always be there, haunting him for the rest of his life. It’s a visual he never pictured before, one he never wanted to see. The one thing Tony hated was seeing Steve hurt or in pain. The one thing Tony feared was losing Steve. He couldn’t live without him, Steve was his whole world. A life without Steve wasn’t a life Tony wanted to live.
Tony can vividly picture Steve smiling. It brings more tears to his eyes and a small smile to his own face.
Two black SUVs are waiting for them outside. Steve allows himself to be led to one while Tony is led to another. Before either one of them can be pushed inside, Rumlow gives another order. A few minutes later a helicopter appears overhead and fires a missile straight for the place Steve had called home. The mansion is engulfed in flames, and its walls crumble.
“So…” Bucky is the first to start, rocking nervously on the balls of his feet. His eyes flicker in the direction of the newborns, brows drawing together when he frowns. “Two babies?”
The first night without Steve is the hardest. Despite Tony’s best efforts to keep Morgan comfortable, he couldn’t make her happy. She must know that Steve was missing. It was the only explanation Tony had.
Pierce chuckles. “Careful, Stark. You might just get your wish. I won’t kill you, not when I have a chance at creating more beautiful alphas. You son is only the beginning.”
After he’s tucked Harley back in and kisses his head, Steve checks on his oldest. Only James isn’t in his bed. Steve’s heart thumps wildly in his chest, his fear growing.
It hasn’t sunk in yet. Peter tells himself it’s all been a terrible nightmare and to end it he just needs to wake up, but he can’t. No matter how hard he tries, he’s left to suffer through the worst pain of his life. Nothing compared to the loss of his father, his hero.
“Nine months to be exact, and now he’s finally here. You’re finally here, huh? Hello, sweetheart,” Natasha coos, smiling brightly when Peter wakes up and yawns.
“Is it making you sick?” Steve asks and Peter nods. Steve gets up and takes both his mug and Tony’s.
I don't know how I feel about this chapter. It seemed so much better in my head, but I'm posting it before it gets too late. I hope you guys enjoy it anyway.
At the sound of his name, Peter turns toward the medical table where his father is lying. He meets blue eyes. “Papa?”
“I said eat.” The alpha grumbles and stabs his fork into the steak. “You need to be grateful. Hydra has done so much for you.
He blames his alpha side for the sudden urge. Steve wasn’t just any omega, he was an omega carrying Tony’s pup. They were connected. With or without a bond.
The alpha cries out in rage and brings Steve back to him, forcing him down and holding him tighter. “You belong to me!” Pierce snarls and presses his body onto the writhing omega’s. He ducks his head down until his lips are brushing against the shell of Steve’s ears. “Do it. Or I’ll kill him. I’ll kill your pup.”
Tony rolls his eyes and pushes Happy out of the way. “She’s running a billion dollar company. She can’t just drop it and do whatever she wants.”
After that cringeworthy dinner, they were surprisingly growing closer instead of further apart. Flash still kept a distance when he was with his buddies, but when he could get away, he would always seek Peter out and ask about the baby. Peter liked the new side of Flash. Maybe he wasn’t a bad guy after all.
“Please?” Steve is quietly begging her; the sound breaks Tony’s heart. Tony intervenes, stepping into the room, offering a sympathetic smile when Steve notices him and glances up. “Sorry,” he’s quick to apologize. “She was hungry and...and...I-”
“I don’t think keeping you hidden is a good idea. You really don’t want to see what’s out there?” Tony asks as he screws open the lid to his bottle and takes a sip.
The next thrust of his hips has Steve crying out and his back arches off the mattress, eyes going wide and mouth falling open with a moan. Shocks of pleasure shoot through him, forcing him to give into it, to welcome it. He gasps and moans with each brutal thrust; he was close, just like Alpha said he was.
Steve nods and fishes into his jacket pocket for his keys. He sighs harshly when he pulls out a tiny toy car along with his set.
Tony groans and pulls Steve closer until their sweaty bodies are pressed up against each other. Steve tries to reach between them for his cock, only to pull back when Tony slaps his hand away.
“You have any?” Steve asks, all while trying to get Harley to leave his hair alone. The pup stops and lays his head on Steve’s shoulder instead, blue eyes fluttering.
Steve’s heart flutters at the sound of those words. He hugs his son, fighting back the tears of happiness that threaten to fall. He makes sure both of his pups are comfortable before leaving the room with Tony.
Steve glances down at his belly when his son moves again. He pokes at the little foot that juts out, and laughs when it moves away.
“I wasn’t referring to your stature.” Alexander returns and hands Tony the glass. “Your brain is what makes you extraordinary.”
“For now.” Bruce nods. He’s already out of his seat and is no longer standing near his laptop. “I just need to run some tests and then we can look at that baby of yours.”
“Okay. Take a deep breath in,” Steve says and he inhales deeply. James copies. Then Steve exhales. “And out.”
He’s led to the nursery, and there he finds his daughter and husband. Morgan is in her crib, her face red and scrunched in displeasure, kicking her little legs and flailing her arms. Steve is sitting beside her crib with his head buried in his hands, his body shaking with each sob that escapes him.
They move into the bedroom and over to the bed, their lips never parting. Steve’s legs bump into the edge of the bed and he falls back, bouncing slightly on the mattress. Tony hovers over him, ducking his head down to connect their lips again. He’s careful not to apply too much pressure to the delicate bump between them.
“The baby…” Tony pauses, unable to form the right words. He shares another look with Steve, silently pleading for him to take over. But he can’t let Steve do that. It wouldn’t be right. Steve was suffering with so much already. “The baby...the baby was…”
Peter rolls over onto his side and forces his mind to relax. He’d figure out how to tell Flash and then hopefully the rest would fall into place.
Then Peter is up again. Steve goes through the same routine: changing Peter’s diaper, feeding him, and putting him back to sleep.
Steve hangs up and with a frustrated cry throws his phone, watching it bounce a few times on the bed. He plops down on the edge of the bed, leaning forward and burying his face in his hands, no longer able to keep himself together.
Tony pauses, brows crinkling together in confusion. He opens his mouth to speak, only to shut it and clasp a hand over it. Steve immediately knows what’s going to happen next.
There was no point in keeping himself locked in the bathroom. His absence was only going to worry his husband, and the last thing Steve wanted to do was worry and disappoint him at the same time.
Morgan is ready to talk about her paper and the story her best friend told her and the way the cute boy, Ryan, in her class looked at her and-
Steve’s thoughts drift to his team, and he wonders if they’re okay. Knowing them they would be. They were strong. They’d do just fine without him.
He swings out of the entrance, flying through the air for a moment before falling to the ground and rolling onto his side. Peter grunts and rolls himself onto his back, eyes shut and chest rising and falling rapidly. His eyes still sting but his lungs are grateful for the fresh air.
Steve smiles. “Just like that. And then if that still doesn’t help, Daddy gives me plenty of hugs and kisses.”
He didn’t believe in spoiling his son with material things. He grew up with more stuff than he knew what to do with, and all he wanted was more kisses and hugs from his father. Spending time with his father and bonding was what Tony wished he had, and now that he had his own son, he was going to give all of his time to him. Material things didn’t last forever, but his love would.
Natasha turns the page, showing off the first ultrasound picture Steve had saved and of another of his belly when he had first started to show.
James takes this opportunity to curl up beside Steve and offer one of his cookies. Steve smiles and accepts it, making sure to thank his son with kisses and hugs.
The decision to stay home with the pups had been his idea. Tony was on board with it from the start. He knew it was Steve’s choice and he didn’t have a say in the matter. All he wanted was for his mate to be happy and to enjoy his second chance at life.
“I know. I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to come off as an asshole…” Tony sighs. “I’m just saying let me get you new stuff, stuff you’ll actually like and will be comfortable in. You also need things for the baby and-”
“Can I say something without you getting upset?” Pepper asks. Tony can’t help but roll his eyes. He’s probably going to get upset.
Steve sighs when he hears the sounds and contemplates running back into the bathroom to help, but he backs off, not wanting to come off as smothering. But he purposely lingers nearby in case his baby needs him.
“Sneaking candy?” Tony questions when he enters the room, smirking when his son jumps at the sound of his voice. “You’re too easy to scare, kiddo.”
“You don’t have to do that,” Tony says and abandons the photos to join his son at the sofas. “I’ve been through worse.”
Sam wraps an arm around Bucky’s shoulder and pulls him in close, pressing a kiss to his temple. “We’ll be fine,” Sam assures his friends once he catches the broken expression on their faces.
“Is the kid asleep?” Clint asks, his voice raspy. The sound of his voice captures everyone’s attention and all eyes fall on the sleeping boy in Natasha’s lap.
He can’t help but picture the three pups running around the penthouse along with Peter. He frowns at the image his brain conjures up. His space was big but not big enough to hold him and Steve and four pups. Plus they were kids and kids needed space to run and play.
“Shit,” he curses when it finally lets up. He waits a couple of minutes, and when it returns, he grows even more concerned. Something was wrong and it was clear that the serum was having trouble dealing with whatever this was.
This wasn’t about him and his feelings. This was about Peter, and he needed to get his shit together and be there for his son. Just like he promised he would.
Jarvis doesn’t respond but the door to the lab opens and Tony quickly backs further away. Steve is cautious when he steps into the lab. A deep frown of concern is etched on his face.
“That’s good at least,” Tony says and drinks from his coffee mug. He takes the seat across from Peter. “No more morning sickness.”
“Hey, it’s just one more thing you have to do before this kid gets here. If you want I can kick everyone out. More cake for you.”
“You have no food. I might’ve…” Steve trails off, eyes landing on the plate with his half eaten sandwich.
Steve nods his head in response, but Tony can still pick up on his hesitancy. He doesn’t blame him. He barely even believes his own words.
The project becomes the last thing on Tony’s uneasy mind. Any focus and motivation he had for it has now vanished and doesn’t appear like it’s coming back. With a huff he leans back in his chair and pushes himself away from the workbench. He peers up at the large screen of the live feed from cameras, hoping he doesn’t find Steve suffering from another nightmare again. He doesn’t; Steve is still fast asleep.
“Honey?” Tony pulls himself to his feet and rushes over to console his husband. “Steve, darling, what’s wrong. Why are you crying?”
“I’m glad you two are finally getting along,” Steve says. He moves further away from the couch, gesturing for Tony to follow. “Come to bed, Tony.”
Both Bucky and Sam are a look. They know there’s more than what Peter is letting on, but they drop it for now. They had already almost lost him once and couldn’t risk it a second time.
But Steve still can’t help but feel hurt that Tony forgot. It wasn’t like he particularly cared about the holiday, and he’d be more upset if Tony had forgotten his birthday, but every year Tony was doing something special. Maybe Steve was spoiled and he was turning into a brat.
Moving on from Tony was still something Steve found himself struggling with. He hated to admit. It should have been easy after all the pain Tony has caused, but he couldn’t help himself. Tony meant something to him. And maybe that was because of the child they created, but it was deeper than that.
“Hmm?” Tony turns back to him and slips his sunglasses over his face. He didn’t need his son to see him like this. “Yeah...once.”
Peter decides he’s ready to enter the world one summer afternoon during a briefing. Fury is leading it since Steve was in no condition to conduct the team anymore, but that didn’t mean Steve was going to sit everything out. He still showed up to meetings when they were held and providing his input.
He’s unaware of the way his hands travel up to Steve’s neck, fingers wrapping tightly around his throat. Steve moans again and Tony fucks into him at a harsher pace.
Another growl builds in Steve’s chest. His head gets slammed into the wall, leaving him dazed. The same order is repeated, and this time Steve listens.
Steve fastens his belt around his waist and double checks that he has everything he needs for the mission ahead. He puts on the helmet and gloves, then he grabs his shield, taking a moment to study it. This would be the last time he held the shield and took it into battle.
Seeing Steve deteriorate every day is hard on everyone, but no one truly understands how guilty Tony feels about all of it. He was the one responsible for it after all.
His reasoning wasn’t because kids could be a handful and alter his life greatly (though those were some factors). It was his childhood and the relationship he had with his own father that made Tony say fuck it on kids and decide to be single forever.
Steve inhales sharply and rises to his feet. Peter follows and pretends to find interest in the punching bags they had been using earlier. Steve knows he’s just trying to give the adults space, but his son was sneaky and loved to eavesdrop on conversations that had the topic of Avenger assignments in them.
Steve shifts uncomfortably under the doctor’s gaze. Dr. Stephen Strange was intimidating, and not just because of his alpha status, though that didn’t help Steve in the slightest. What makes their first meeting worse is that Tony wasn’t with him for it. But perhaps it was for the best. The last thing Steve needed was two alphas trying to outdo the other.
With a shaky breath Steve looks away. He doesn’t recognize the person in the mirror anymore. Maybe at one point in time he had, but that seemed like such a long time ago now. He wanted nothing more than to look in the mirror and like what he saw. But the image never changed. He was still a damaged omega.
Steve pulls the blankets off himself and turns his body until he’s sitting on the side of the bed. He stops himself from going any further. He didn’t know where Tony was or if he even wanted to talk.
“Like you?” Steve interrupts. “If I remember clearly you didn’t give up anything. You still got to finish school and get a billion dollar company.”
Peter’s smile falters and he picks at the pepperoni on his pizza. “He was busy. He always had superhero stuff. I’m not saying he abandoned me, but there were times when I hated what he did. He’d always be gone for too long or when he did come back he’d be beaten and...and I hated it.”
“Great,” Tony says with a roll of his eyes. He rises to his feet. “I’ll be right down. Oh and let Pepper know to cancel the call and the meeting with the interns. Something came up.”
But Tony’s not here. Tony was late and he promised he wouldn’t be. Maybe the voice was right. Maybe no one did care. Maybe he didn’t matter.
There’s a sense of relief that washes over Tony once they’re back in the city. He feels as if he’s been on a vacation that lasted longer than he intended. Of course what kind of vacation was spent locked in some unknown base, beaten, shot, forced to watch the love of his life be brutally raped and tortured. Yeah. Some vacation.
“Yeah yeah.” Tony grins and ruffles Peter’s hair. “I’ll come back...soon. I don’t know. Maybe when your mean uncle calms down.”
It wasn’t just crawling on walls and being sticky that stuck out. Peter was strong, just more proof that the super soldier serum had in fact intervened in the womb.
He shuts the stove off. He glances at the knife he left on the counter, and a thought crosses his mind. He shakes his head quickly at that thought.
Steve whines in protest and tries to pull back, only for the alpha to grab him by the back of the neck and bring him back. Their lips meet again, this time the kiss rough and desperate.
“What’s wrong, Maguna?” Her dad’s voice snaps her from her thoughts and she turns toward him. She hadn’t realized she had zoned out.
He avoids the fancy looking suits, not wanting to taint them with his bland omega scent. Alpha always said he smelled good and that’s why the other alphas couldn’t get enough of him. Steve wondered if that was true or if he had only smelled good for Alpha and the others. Would he smell good for Tony, too?
The room he finds himself in is a complete contrast to the one he remembered. There’s no leather chairs, a bar; nothing. There’s no windows, only a metal door across the room that is bolted tightly into the wall.
But he plays along like he knows he should. That idea still lingers in the back of his mind. It resurfaces every now and then, and each time Tony has to push it back and pretend it didn’t exist.
Happy’s expression hardens and his hands roll into fists. Pepper wasn’t worried about any alpha’s showing their dominance; everyone except herself and Agent Romanoff were betas. But that didn’t mean a fight wouldn’t break out.
Sam peers up at him and gives up on the dishes. He leans against the counter and folds his arms over his chest, a small grin appears over his face.
“Yeah, I guess so. I just miss you.” Peter throws his arms around Steve’s neck, hugging him tightly.
It’s tempting to cross the room and make a drink at the bar, but he holds off. He needs to be sober. He needs to get better.
Natasha pulls away and gently strokes his cheek. “I know.” she smiles softly. “you’re a brave, strong boy.”
Tony growls from the begging, his cock hardening in response to the submissive sounds his mate was making.
“Do you? Or did you claim me because it benefited you? I’m sure you being spotted with a pregnant and unbonded omega wouldn’t look good for your image.”
Putting distance between himself and the dog proves to be a challenge. There are only so many times Tony can use his lab to avoid crossing paths with the furry mutt. The dog is always there, lingering around Tony’s space. Though that could be ignored, sharing his bed was a whole other story.
Tony sighs and sits down on the side of the bed, the night of the party replaying in his mind. This is where it all happened. This is where he fucked everything up.
Tony wraps both arms around himself, trying to bring some sort of comfort from the excruciating pain. He can’t imagine what Steve was going through. Steve was the one who had to experience this tragedy from another level. He was the one who carried and nourished their child. He was the one who had to suffer losing the baby.
There were times when Morgan became a handful. Getting her on a sleep schedule was one of the most difficult things. Tony was fine with the early morning feedings; it wasn’t like he got a full eight hours of sleep anyway, and if it meant letting Steve get some much needed rest, then he had no problem responding to Morgan’s shrill cries at two A.M.
Steve rises to his feet and leans over Tony, ducking his head down until their lips are meeting. Tony’s lips are rough and chapped, but Steve can’t bring himself to care. He hasn’t kissed these lips in a long time.
Steve nods and buries his face in Tony’s chest, muffling his sobs and staining Tony’s shirt with his tears. Tony holds him close, soothing him with soft touches and comforting words. They don’t talk much after that. Tony knows Steve will open up to him when he’s ready. He just hopes that’s soon.
Steve lets out a small laugh and reaches for his fork. “It’s the serum,” he explains as he twirls the fork around the spaghetti until it’s coming back with the noodles. He takes a bite and chews.
“You were hungry, huh?.” At the sound of his mother’s voice, Peter’s eyes travel up until they’re connecting with blue ones. Steve smiles down at him. “Hi, there. You know how much I love you, right? You mean so much to me and I promise I’ll never let anyone hurt you.”
“Oh.” Sam frowns, then a smile spreads across his face. “About time. Haven’t you been hinting, for like, years?”
They never make it down to the lab. As soon as her dad gets his first serving of coffee, the rest of the house comes alive. Harley is up and irritable, demanding only Tony’s attention and no one else’s. Morgan is left to watch as her parent’s struggle to calm down her upset brother. It’s not until Peter steps in to take Harley for a moment does Morgan try to regain the spotlight.
Tony feels Peter tense beside him. He wishes Clint didn’t have to do this now. Not when his son was present.
Steve quietly steps out of the room, following after his son. Peter immediately tries to run into his room to get toys, but Steve stops him.
“I got that part, Tony, but I meant the last couple of days! Why didn’t you answer me! You’re such an asshole!” She smacks him again, this time a little harder than before and he winces.
Steve sighs again. “But Tony is…different. He’s not talking to me and it’s frustrating. I just want to help like I do here.”
Steve’s heart flutters and the sound of his second name. His children were getting bigger and bigger everyday, and pretty soon they might consider themselves to be too old to be calling him ‘mama’ or ‘mommy’. They may even get embarrassed over all the hugs and kisses he loves to give them. Just thinking about them growing up has Steve growing sad. He’d cherish every second with them.
“I hope you don’t mind the color scheme,” Tony says, a small smile forming over his face. “Red and blue just made the most sense. I did add some white in the eyes so I guess you are sort of wearing the same colors as Steve.”
“Steve, you okay?” Tony asks when he notices the tear rolling down his husband’s face. Steve nods and turns away quickly, using the sleeve of his shirt to wipe the tears.
He rises to his feet on shaky legs, one hand flying toward the wall to steady himself when he staggers. He cleans up the mess and splashes water on his face before stepping out of the bathroom and into his bedroom.
“Buck, calm down,” Sam has to fight the urge to laugh. He wasn’t used to seeing his husband like this. Bucky was usually quiet and refrained from lashing out. But lately he was acting out, especially when it came to their nephew and his tardiness.
“Steve, he was not this big, was he?” Tony asks his husband. Steve chuckles from the kitchen as he finishes up the last preparations for dinner. “I remember Peter having a face.”
“I know.” Steve huffs and leans against the doorframe of the bathroom and folds his arms over his chest. “I just wish you didn’t have to go.”
“Yeah. Don’t worry. I didn’t go on a mission with a bun in my oven if that’s what you’re thinking. It was before...weeks before,” Bucky replies.
Tony lets out a sigh of defeat. There was no point trying to deny it. “I don’t know. Sometimes they seem like they do and then you’re irritable and lashing out at me.”
“Y-yeah.” Steve hates how shaky he sounds and he gestures for Tony to come in. He tries to wrap his arms around himself to hide the hump, but the days of hiding his belly were over. It was very obvious what kind of situation Steve was in.
“Me, too.” Tony tries to sit up again, only to wince and slouch back down. “Maybe I’ll take a break.”
Peter stopped talking about the incident. For months it had been a topic in every one of their conversations. Peter was always trying to find a way to talk about the baby brother he never got to have. It was difficult at first to address any questions he had, especially for Steve, but they managed to find the strength to talk. Communication was key.
Bucky looks him over, not entirely convinced but he doesn’t question him. He turns to Natasha and they share a look. A look Peter has seen before.
