"Sherlock, I want to thankyou for absolutely everything. It's a lot for any 23 year old to deal with but you...you've managed it. When I'm gone I know that you'll be able to cope. It'll be hard, bloody hell if the situation had have been reversed I don't know how I would have handled this, but you've been amazing. So, if you'll let me do this." His heart began to race and his breathing became slightly erratic but by God was John going to do this.
I do it to protect his modesty aswell, although he probably doesn't care for that at this minute. In the background an alarm is ringing out and I can smell burning rubber. A group of people are forming around us but Lestrade is hollering at them, telling them to stay back. I can still hear screaming.
“Oh dear, John.” Mrs Hudson said, patting his hand gently. “It all comes with hospitals unfortunately. Anyway,” she stood up, “I think I’m going to head back to Baker Street. Let you have some time with Sherlock.” She patted Sherlock on the shoulder now. “Though you’ll see me tomorrow- if you want me to of course.”
"Now, get some rest." John closed his eyes. He would be alright. It would take time but in the end, he would be fine. And that's all that mattered.
They remain quiet for minutes, listening to the chirping of birds as they build their nests. A cool breeze introduces itself,
But it isn’t, and the dreams are only a reflection of the horrendous reality that they are facing. A life without their baby, their daughter. John sits up, rubbing his hand over his face.
"John fell into a coma shortly after his arrival." She tells me, but I already knew that. "All we can do now is do our best to keep him comfortable." Eleanor has been with John since he was first diagnosed. John had once told me that she was his favourite nurse- the only one who could keep up a good conversation, apparently. I am glad that she is the one who will be with him as he goes.
For some reason the school thought that with John's passing, it would be a great idea to raise awareness of drink driving, despite only presenting an assembly on it a couple of months ago. I could tell that my classmates didn't want to do it, it was too soon, but the teachers protested and therefore we had some idiotic actors come in and do their stupid presentation.
Eventually I persuade him to go to sleep again; he is clearly exhausted- physically and mentally. He pleads for me to stay with him. When you see someone who is usually so independent and reliant on himself do that, you realise how serious a situation is. I am reluctant to leave him but I know that it will be best for him if he gets his rest. John does manage to get to sleep after I speak to him, telling him that I will stay for as long as he needs me to. The guilt that overwhelms me when I tell him this is painful- he needs me with him all of the time. I can't be with him all of the time and he knows that. Stupid hospital regulations.
“I know. I know. But there is a very high chance of his PTSD returning and I don’t know how to help that.”
“I imagine he’ll want to be returning back to Baker Street. No doubt he’ll be visiting John again this evening if he’s moved in to another ward, which seems likely.”
A tear trickled down John's cheek as he listened to Sherlock speak to him. He would have been lying if he had said that he wasn't afraid. He was bloody terrified. Standing up, Sherlock leaned over his blogger, gently pressing a kiss to his lips.  "I thought I'd lost you."
Mycroft glares at John, a challenge. “I am not here to meddle. Having known you for over a decade now, Dr Watson, and my brother his whole life, may I say that it is quite safe to conclude that neither you nor him have very…
"John, darling. A mum knows these types of things. The way you two look at each other, it really is hard to miss." A small chuckle came from his Mum as she said this, causing John to grin ever so slightly aswell. Sherlock made his way upstairs, into John's bedroom so that he could leave him and his Mum alone for a while, not wanting to ruin such an important moment for John. Relief flooded through Sherlock's system- John's mum was accepting and that was what mattered. However, it was inevitable that John was going to have to tell his Dad soon. An uneasy sense of dread mingled in with Sherlock's relief as he finally reached the bedroom.
Suddenly John is jolted awake from his sleep, soaked in sweat and screaming, terrified. He’s used to it by now. The dingy little bedsit in London is the last place he wants to be whilst suffering from PTSD. It’s small and cramped and horrendous and John wants out. He doesn’t want to be here, he doesn’t want these
“Just listen to me, Frank!” John’s head snapped up towards the top of the stairs and he saw his mum standing there in her pyjamas, face red as she shouted at her husband. She hasn’t noticed that her son had arrived home, nor had she realised that Sherlock was watching this either. Her voice dropped. “Frank, we need to intervene. Harry can’t keep doing this.” Mrs Watson’s hand gripped the handrail at the top of the stairs as she was about to step down them, but before she could John’s father had gripped her shoulder and spun her around.
The amount of passion that filled the room at that moment was astounding. They needed this. They needed this so much. Just them together, forgetting everything.
The pinks and reds and yellows are beginning to fade, now turning into deep shades of blue. Checking his watch he sees that the time is nearing 8:30pm, the stars are beginning to show themselves. Sherlock takes the cigarette between his fingers, exhaling one last time before destroying the fire, rubbing the tip of the cigarette into the grass beside him. So easy to obliterate.
I don't need to look at Mycroft to know that he is surprised by this information. We hadn't told anyone about our engagement. Most didn't know we were in a relationship together, in fact. We had intended on telling him, of course, but not so soon. We wanted our time together, just the two of us.
Sherlock kneels on the bathroom floor beside Rosie who finds herself hunched over the toilet vomiting. He has one hand on the base of her back, supporting her body as she heaves again, and one hand wrapped loosely around her blonde curls, pulling them away from her face. John enters the doorway in just a baggy shirt and underwear with a glass of water in his hand, and sits down on the opposite side of Rosie. John rests his hand just above Sherlock’s and they sit there as Rosie finishes throwing up.
The news is overwhelming and my bottom lip begins to tremble. Mycroft places his hand on top of mine, just as he used to do when we were younger. Finally I cry: it is the first time I have allowed myself any tears since he died, and when I start, I cannot stop. Mycroft holds me as I sob into his chest uncontrollably.
Suddenly Mycroft feels a hand on his shoulder and he spins round to see Mycroft standing there, a look of complete and utter resignation and exhaustion plastered on his face. “I should have seen this coming.” Mycroft states, impassive. “I thought he was getting better.”
The person above me is speaking but I am unsure about what she is saying. I try to tell her to help John, get him out of the car and just save him, but again I am unable to find my words.
I don't want to accept the inevitable. I can't fathom my life without John by my side. But I know that it must come. And it does.
"Neurological examinations are tomorrow." I eventually grit out, still looking down at the floor. "12:30pm, although with how incompetent the majority of the nurses are over at the hospital it will most likely be at four." A small chuckle is elicited from Lestrade and I manage to relax slightly as I look up at him. Venturing over the living room I collapse into my chair, toeing my shoes off once I am seated. "Motor, sensory and reflex will be tested."
Sherlock is on his feet in an instant once he sees John looking at the family and he’s wrapping his arm around his waist, embracing John against his chest. John’s head fits just right underneath Sherlock’s chin and he clings to Sherlock’s shirt, head resting against his chest.
Feeling inside his coat pocket, Sherlock touches the lighter in it. He takes it out, clicking down with his thumb and watching as the fire ignites, a new light in the ever growing darkness. He remains mesmerised as he watches the flame flicker, the colours merging together to create once singular burst of luminescence.
“I love you.” His voice was shaky and it was obvious to Sherlock that he was trying to remain ignorant to the fact that he was scared. That was the one thing John had always had trouble disguising- his emotions. Of course, to everyone else John would look like he was putting on a brave face, and in a sense, Sherlock knew that he was doing that as well. But it was difficult to disguise the fear that those eyes attempted to hide, and if there was anyone who could see through them Sherlock knew it would be him. John knew this as well.
"H-how did you know?" Inhaling, John pulled away and looked his mother in the eyes. The blue pools were glistening with water, which was reflected in John's own eyes as well. Not out of fear or sadness, purely for the reason that his mother accepted him.
I sit down in the chair that is far too close to the ground for my liking and cross my right leg over my left. My fingers are knotted together and pressed against my knee cap. I lean forward, waiting for her to tell me what she needs to say. "John seems to be doing well-"
“John and I were meant to be shopping today.” The detective clambered into the kitchen, taking the beans from Mrs Hudson’s hand and flinging it in the bin.
What had happened? The doctor inhaled, pressing his eyes together in an attempt to block out the yells and whimpers from the people surrounding him. There was just too much noise for him to concentrate properly. Should that have been a problem? John shook his head slightly. Sherlock would be here soon...surely.
Mr Reign, our chemistry teacher, was up in an instant, holding my arms back to try and restrain me. Greg was there too, shoving his hands against my shoulders and speaking to me but what he said went in one ear and out through the other. I wanted to hurt someone, harm them because the pain was just getting too much, too overwhelming. Why couldn't people just think.
Before Mycroft could continue Sherlock had strolled through the doors of the ICU and into the waiting room. The three of them watched as made his way over to the seat beside Mycroft, flinging the newspaper to the floor. They all looked at him expectantly.
I love him so much. It is so bloody difficult to explain how much love I have for him. Had for him. After James I didn't think it was possible, but it was. My God it was.
"If anything goes wrong... we can just go away. One of Mycroft's assistants is driving around and we can go with him, back to my house. I'll just need to phone him. Your mum can come as well." John stood on his tiptoes and placed his arms around Sherlock's neck.
They arrive at the hospital soon after their car arrives and immediately John is pushing through the doors into the entrance. Harry is standing off to the side of the entrance, the signs of crying evident by her smudged mascara. She tried to make herself more presentable before John arrived. Sherlock trails behind John ever so slightly, leaving him to go straight to Harry without intruding on the two of them.
“You’re more than welcome to stay the night,” Sherlock says, pacing over to the wardrobe and retrieving John’s blankets, arranging them on the left side of the double bed. John never once lets his attention falter and he watches Sherlock, catlike and elegant, move around his room in a way that manages to be mesmerising. “I’ll text your dad, let him know you’re here. Don’t look at me like that, John.” Sherlock glances round and sees the frown that John is giving him, and John knows that he’s doing the right thing but he hates it. His father deserves to be worried. For all John cares he deserves everything he gets. A part of him despises the fact that it’s like this, that he’s behaving in such a way, but the anger he feels towards that man eradicates any rational thoughts he may have previously had. He is angry, so, so angry and now he’s crying and there are arms wrapped round him, the same arms that have comforted him so many times, and he is consoling him, telling him that
“Oh Mrs Hudson, I expect no less.” John caught Sherlock’s gaze and winked at him. “He’s good like that.”
I am out of the car before it even has a chance to stop but I cannot go over to him. Lestrade is by my side seconds later, his hand pulling on my arm. They need to help him. They can't do that if I'm there.
“Brilliant deduction there, well done.” John scoffs at Sherlock’s remark. He stands up and begins pacing around the bench. “So fucking brilliant. You’re right. I am, surprisingly, very angry right now.” Sherlock doesn’t say anything, just watches as John wanders around the bench, face contorting into expressions of anger, frustration, resentment. “How can Harry forgive him?”
“I thought we could have a games night?” Mrs Holmes says and frowns, but then she looks at her son and looks at John and can’t help but give in. “Don’t get in to any trouble. John, I trust you will keep him in his place.”
John glanced at Sherlock, his face a picture of utter confusion. Sherlock, realising the look John was giving him, elaborated. “Our cousins are delinquents. Mischievous. Well, that’s what our aunt calls them. We’d call them idiotic. They’ve always disliked uncle Rudi- a justified dislike, I would say. He’s an idiot as well. Unfortunately for him he would class them as his favourite nephews and asked them to do the projections. It was never going to end well.”
In one smooth movement Sherlock was laying on his back, John towering over him, both of their lips red and swollen from the kiss.
Mrs Holmes tuts and holds John out at arm’s length. “John, how many times do I have to tell you? Call me Violet.” She hugs John once more before twisting round and going back to sink. “Please, help yourself to as much as you want. Steven should be down any minute. Ah, Mycroft darling, could you pass me that glass over. I’ll pour John some water.” As Mrs Holmes fretted about the kitchen getting John his drink, Sherlock and John sat down at the table before helping themselves to some vegetables. Sherlock’s dad arrived at the kitchen shortly after and soon they were all seated.
"I love you." John mouthed, his lips merely millimetres away from Sherlock's own. His nose brushed against Sherlock's and the younger boy smiled, his mouth twitching into a sleepy smile and his eyes drooping with tiredness.
You would think that I would have become numb to the emotions I felt after losing someone. That it would get easier as time went on. But it didn't. It still hasn't. The pain intensifies every single fucking time it happens. This time was't any different.
The things he did to me, the way he moved, how he was so gentle, so considerate. I craved him, his whole being. He was like a drug to me- the one thing I needed to keep going. The fact that he felt the same way made me feel things I'd never felt before.
“How’s she doing?” Lestrade asks, taking his coat off and placing it on the rack, before following John up the stairs. “I won’t stay long. I know you and Sherlock need some space.”
“Brilliant.” Dr Holden scanned the notes on his clipboard in front of him before holding it tightly to his chest. “It seems you’ve had no post-surgery complications. Being a doctor yourself I’m sure you’re aware of how important the following 24 hours are and you seem to be recovering as well as we could have possibly hoped, so with that being said I think it’s best if we move you on to the ward.”
"I don't know." Sherlock glanced at him, questioning John's statement. He waited, willing John to elaborate. "I didn't want to find out. It would make this whole thing all that more real."
Here's Chapter Two! I hope you've been enjoying it so far. Please lead me some feedback and tell me your thoughts!
“Thank you for being here.” Sherlock kissed John again before cupping his jaw and stroking his thumb once across John’s cheek.
I know you’re an army doctor and you’ve been invalided home from Afghanistan. I know you’ve got a brother who’s worried about you but you won’t go to him for help because you don’t approve of him – possibly because he’s an alcoholic; more likely because he recently walked out on his wife. And I know that your therapist thinks your limp’s psychosomatic – quite correctly, I’m afraid. That’s enough to be going on with, don’t you think? The name’s Sherlock Holmes and the address is 221B Baker Street. Afternoon.”
Molly remained awake once Sherlock eventually went up to the spare bedroom, after they had both finished their tea. It took a while to persuade him to get out of his blood soaked shirt so Molly could wash it but again, he eventually agreed to it. So that’s what Molly did. She cleaned his clothes.
As Sherlock is calling the ambulance John leans back against the sofa with his head resting on the cushion that smells so much of Sherlock that it manages to calm him down immediately. Christ, if he could just stay in this spot forever, with Sherlock by his side, John would be content. Music is coming from a stereo in the corner of the room and John immediately recognises it as a recording of one of Sherlock’s own compositions and it’s relaxing. It’s the most relaxed he has felt in weeks and he wants to stay in that moment. He wants to stay there on Sherlock’s sofa without a care in the world.
“Don’t you dare die on me, Watson. Not today.” Major James Sholto sits next to John’s hospital bed and watches as the man fights for his life, hooked up to machines and tubes and drips. Monitors are beeping, the only thing telling Sholto that
“And Sherlock?” John finishes making the coffees, handing one to Lestrade and taking a sip of his own.
"You're a fucking coward." Sherlock spat, eyes glaring at John's father, filled with absolute disgust. "You are the most fucking disgusting thing that I have ever witnessed. That is your
"Forgive me." The younger man stared at the man on the bed, eyes pleading as he watched him. This was his fault, wasn't it? If he had just realised
Mr Watson sits at the kitchen table, head in his hands and fist clenching the fair hair that is slowly becoming speckled with flecks of grey, just another tell-tale sign of the stress that has entailed since his wife died. Weary lines have begun to make themselves present on the man’s forehead, giving him the appearance of a man far beyond the years of the 45 he already has. Down at the other end of the table John is on his feet staring at the shattered glass remains of the cup that had previously held his water. Shards are scattered over the linoleum, glistening from the evening sun that shines through the window. “Just give me a break.”
“He did.” Mycroft’s voice grew louder as he stepped further into 221B, umbrella tapping ceaselessly against the floorboards. “Though my brother and I have some…things…to sort out.”
He panicked, totally unprepared for John's sudden collapse. They had been walking along the university grounds when John had started to become breathless. But before he knew it, John's legs had given way and he had just fallen, desperate for breath and struggling.
The two of them remained silent as Molly embraced Greg in a hug. It was Lestrade who spoke first. “Thankyou, Molly.”
Before I even register the excruciating pain in my lower back, I am looking towards him, trying to see if he is okay. And it doesn't even take me a second before I realise that he is not.
Back at Baker Street, Sherlock immediately went to find Mrs Hudson and they went upstairs to 221B. Mrs Hudson had been worrying all night, understandably- “I wish you would tell me when you’re not coming home, Sherlock! I worry! And John-” She looked around in search for the man in question. “Where’s John?”
“Sherlock, just sit down for Christ’s sake. Pacing isn’t going to do anything.” Lestrade sighed, exasperated, tired, and frustrated. This wasn’t fair. Not on John, not on Sherlock, not on him who had been trying to catch the murderous bastard for months.
"John," I say again but I am getting tired, needing to fall asleep. Keeping my eyes open is proving to be extremely difficult but I am determined to stay awake.
Leaning forward, I pressed a gentle kiss to John's lips, touching mine to his for only a few seconds. Once we had parted, I guided him towards his bed and we laid down together on top of the duvet, his hand in mine.
“What is going on here?” Mrs Hudson asked, clearly confused at the dispute that was inevitably going to ensue. Mycroft turned his body to face Mrs Hudson, his face a look of pure seriousness.
John collapses against the edge of the bathroom wall once he has finished being sick. I already have the towel in my hand, dabbing it around his mouth as I clean the remaining dregs of vomit from his lips. He manages to nod his head slightly in thanks.
I am reluctant to do so but eventually Mycroft persuades me to. I am shaking as Mycroft and my nurse, Aileen (the one who's not incompetent) help me travel from the bed and into the chair. It feels odd, not laying down. Having the ability to move somewhere of my own accord.
"Sherlock," John spoke, lowering himself onto one knee as he did so. He released a nervous chuckle, which soon turned into another cough. As soon as he had composed himself, John continued to speak. "Shit. Ok. I love you, Sherlock Holmes."
"Sherlock, keep the pressure." Lestrade speaks with a shaky voice. John's never heard him sound like this before.
"Contrary to popular belief, Sherlock, I have always cared for my little brother." Mycroft sighs, electing to pick at a piece of grass besides Sherlock's foot.
In one of the moments that he is awake, he calls me over. I perch on the floor beside where he is laying on the sofa, resting my head on the same cushion that he is resting his on. Our noses are touching slightly and I lean forward, touching a kiss to his cheek, careful not to jolt his oxygen mask.
“How’s he doing?” Sherlock peered around in search for the owner of the voice and saw Lestrade’s head poking around the corner of the curtain surrounding the bed. All of the anger Sherlock had previously for the detective inspector, all of the frustration for being taken away from John, had dissipated.
"Yes, John. Mmph." John angled his hips, pushing deeper and deeper, wanting more and more. He needed more. He needed to give Sherlock as much pleasure as possible.
“I am telling you to leave, Sherlock.” Without hesitation, Lestrade had sprung to his feet, putting his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder and gesturing towards the door of the waiting room.
Eventually they come to an opening where there is a carved wagon wheel bench, obscured slightly by the overgrown hedges. Sherlock stops in his tracks, waits for John to catch up with him and entwines their fingers together, before leading him over to the bench and perching upon it.
Giving his gaze back to John, Sherlock lowered his head and placed a kiss to John's forehead, noting the clamminess of his skin. "Hold on for me John."
The sound of an owl hooting in a nearby tree distracts Sherlock from the flame, causing him to momentarily jump in his spot. He releases a gasp as he flinches, dropping the lighter into his lap as he does so. Sherlock cards his hand through his curls, ruffling them up slightly. The sky is now black, dark clouds beginning to engulf the stars, another darkness taking over.
I shouldn't have had to find out that John was injured before his parents found out, but I did. At the scene, paramedics discovered his wallet and there was a picture of us two in it. On the back was my mobile number which I gave to him the first night we went out on a date together. As his phone was destroyed in the collision and that was the only number accessible, I was called. They didn't tell me the extent of his injuries or how severe they were, just that I needed to contact his parents and get to the hospital if possible.
“You are high and you thought it was acceptable to go out on a case. You put yourself in danger. You put
your daughter. John and I will cope in any way that we see fit and if you so happen to step foot on Baker Street in the foreseeable future you will regret it.”
"Shit." Grimacing, John closed his eyes, resting his head back against his pillow. "What happened?" Without hesitation, Sherlock shifted the uncomfortable plastic hospital chair forward so that he was closer to John's side and took his hand in his own.
because he also knows that if he were to do that, Sherlock would be taken away to a police cell, locked away for an indefinite amount of time and deprived of any last connections to John.
John chuckles but it’s without humour. “It’s fake- that front he puts on. He puts it on very convincingly if I say so myself but it’s not real. He hates it. Always has, always will. He’s a dick, after all.” John raises his head and smiles. “Not to worry about him though. Let’s get dinner.”
“That’s a fly agaric mushroom,” Sherlock points out, noticing a large cluster of red topped mushrooms protruding from the damp earth, flecks of white speckled over the red. “
Back at Sherlock’s house the two find themselves in Sherlock’s room watching a film. It’s some film that Sherlock can’t remember the name of but John seems to like it and at the moment Sherlock really doesn’t find it in anyone’s best interests to criticise it as they watch, so he remains silent. They’re both sitting on Sherlock’s bed, Sherlock on the left, John on the right. The laptop is placed on Sherlock’s lap and John is leaning against him as they both look at the screen. When it finishes Sherlock closes the laptop before shoving it to the side.
They returned to the waiting room in silence and Lestrade sat down. To their surprise, Mycroft was seated on the chair in the far corner, legs crossed over and staring at the floor, thinking.
"John." I say again, desperately. And then, "please." Finally he opens his eyes, just slightly, but the terror that is present in them is frightening. I've never seen him look so afraid in his entire life and it panics me.
“Where is it?” Sherlock shouts. He jumps up, beginning to search the shelves. Ornaments fall to the ground, a vase shatters. The flowers gifted to them by Molly lay strewn in the fireplace with shards of glass decorating the petals. Sherlock knows he’s panicking but
No words will come to him, so he doesn’t say anything, and then Mycroft is moving away from him and towards Sherlock.
I was so frightened the first night we slept together and it was so stupid. He was my first partner since James and the thought absolutely terrified me.
"Jesus, again?" John began to sit up, albeit with difficulty, but before he could move any further Sherlock was right beside him. pressing his shoulders down so he was laying back against the pillows. Sherlock picked the beanie up and placed it on John's head before speaking again.
“And you know what that means......looking sad when no one can see you.” Sherlock continued for her. She raised a smile at the reference.
He was currently working out how to convince John to move back in, without actually making John aware. He had started with leaving spare toiletries and basic clothes at Baker Street. This meant the doctor could stay over during cases without too much hassle. He would even sometimes delay his deductions, so that the case would drag out a bit longer. Some would call it manipulation, Sherlock called it friendship.
The thought of no longer being Sherlock’s husband unsettled John and he wasn’t sure why. It had been his decision to leave and he was the one getting remarried, hell he didn’t even remember saying his vows to the other man. Yet....he felt unsettled, like his connection with Sherlock was very much a part of who he was and it felt wrong to change that.
Sherlock woke up gasping and shivering from his nightmare/memory. It had been a long time since his subconscious had taken him to that awful place. He instinctively reached for John beside him and found cold, empty sheets. His heart plummeted as reality came back to him. John no longer shared his bed, he no longer comforted him after his nightmares....he no longer held him as they slept to help keep them at bay in the first place.
John sipped his cardboard cup of coffee and enjoyed the ease of simply walking in the park with his son. It had taken them a while to find that comfort with each other and Finn had been very patient with him.
He also acknowledged the absence of his son, his brother and even Molly from the room. If this was some big happy reunion, wouldn’t they be here?
Finn grasped his hand “I’m Finn, nice to meet you.” John smiled and looked up at Sherlock, who was grinning like he had planned this all along (he probably had).
The evening had passed by in a blur and John was only just starting to make sense of it. He had come back from work quite late on to find Mary waiting up for him in the bedroom. Once he had used the bathroom and got himself into bed with her, he had been ready to drop off to sleep as soon as his head hit the pillow. Mary however had curled up to him and said – “Let’s get married.”
“John I –“ Sherlock tried to interject, as the enormity of what has just happened started to hit home.
John grinned “That’s I’m your kinky bastard Sir to you.” He thought Sherlock’s responding smile would blind him.
“Is that really how you see yourself?” Sherlock looked away. “You are so much more than that Sherlock.” She used her finger to draw his chin, so that their eyes could meet. “John and I aren’t fools, we wouldn’t fall in love with someone who was only those things.”
Sherlock was confused and his expression must have shown this, as Lestrade continued unprompted “Mycroft Holmes is the only person I get on my knees for and I love it and I love him.”
John continued his hysterical laughter then, as tears started running down his cheeks. Sherlock had turned from curious to bewildered, as he watched his friend lose himself to laughter.
It had been a few months since he woke up from his coma and he was still trying to adjust to the new life he had found himself in. He had gradually started back at work, doing shifts in A&E, which (like everything) was taking a while to get used to, especially after the chaos of Afghanistan.
Finn coughed loudly and glared at his parents, gesturing with his eyes to Rachel, as if to remind them that she was there.
The doctor didn’t know what to make of that. If Mycroft couldn’t help with it then it must be something serious or......something to do with emotions. Ok John could deal with this, Finn had thrown an unending amount of curveballs their way and they now had a teenager in their home, who needed their support. Well maybe it was a good job that John had been the one to come home, as he doubted Sherlock would be much help with ‘normal teenage boy stuff’.
“Please Sherlock let me get this out” he stared into his own mug of tea. “This isn’t easy for me. I wanted this to work, I really did. You know I think you are gorgeous and your deductions...wow...their amazing.” John wore a bittersweet smile “This life we had together seems like something I could be happy doing forever, but his ghost is everywhere. Every time I say the wrong thing or sit in the wrong bloody chair. I can’t live up to a dead man.”
John and Sherlock have almost gotten back to 'normal' after the fall, but a blast from the past threatens to ruin everything.
John nodded stiffly, he felt old wounds reopening over his heart. Despite John forgiving Sherlock, it didn’t hurt any less when he thought on it. Those awful, lonely, desperate and disbelieving months. “I hope you never have to experience anything like it.”
The other problem had been that Sherlock was clever – she could see why James had fallen into his web....to a point, unlike her long lost love however she was not taken into his orbit. She had been determined to outsmart him, outwit him.
“Pish posh John – I want you to wear them.” The detective demanded, with bright wide eyes, as he moved closer to John in the doorway of their bedroom
John could feel his eyes welling up. Was this actually coming out of Sherlock’s mouth? He coughed and looked at his feet.
At this point, Finn came back from upstairs. He took one look at the scene in front of him and burst into tears.
Finn’s impatient voice broke his thoughts “Dad?!” Sherlock focused on his son and (soon to be ex?) husband and could see both their arms outstretched, welcoming him into their hug. “Come over here” Finn encouraged.
Before Sherlock could formulate a sentence, Finn’s raspy voice filtered through his brain. “I’ve sent Mycroft to the roof.”
John felt a bit overwhelmed by that. “Err...well...err I am glad we have given you a good example of....love, but you are also only 14 and you know the cute, intelligent and makes you laugh part is also worth giving a shot too.”
The young boy had adjusted fairly well to Baker Street and his two new guardians. They had all done well in taking on the new dynamic between them and dealt with the bumps in the road along the way. This had led to them starting the process for adoption, which had just recently been finalised.
“You...” John continued between breaths “absolute.....bloody.....cock.” His breath hitched at this and his face started to lose its hysterical mirth. His laughs turned into sobs, as the tears continued to flow. His breathing was coming out stuttered, as he moved his uninjured hand to cover his face. Trying to hide his uncontrollable emotions from his ex flatmate.
Of course it didn’t help that he usually made people hate him within moments of meeting them and that didn’t lend himself to romantic entanglements either.
“Yes you are and don’t you ever forget it.” The detective replied, giving him a swift kiss and pulling him towards their bedroom.
Sherlock looked struck dumb by this. “Right...brilliant...I mean.....yes of course..  if you want to....of course.” He was fidgeting and looked completely lost “Do you mean now?”
John has just woken up from a coma and is trying to deal with this new life he has found himself in.
Sherlock was feeling his emotions prickling his senses “Well if you take me on a case, I won’t be here for him to wake up to.”
He was saved from going through the cycle again by the door to the room creaking open. Mycroft Holmes was standing in the doorway.
He was also sure that he wouldn’t let his feelings jeopardise this. This wonderful connection with another human being that he had only just got back. That he had only just remembered the worth and  importance of. He wasn’t going to let his emotions get in the way again. Before it had been his anger and pride; he wasn’t going to let lust and love do the same.
“Yeah, apparently it took a very impassioned speech from Dad about how you would be the best option for me and how you both could help me be a child again and a short outburst from you about how you could both give me love, which is all I would need.”
“Ah, ok” The doctor was aware of his husband’s drug history. “How did we get from you being in the custody of social services? 221B doesn’t seem like the safest environment for a child.”
John had still looked bemused, but had humoured him and responded. “Well I guess flowers were always a winner."
“John I am not romantically interested in Molly Hooper. She meant the most to me, as she could provide me with a dead body. Despite your numerous skills and qualities, I don’t feel they stretch to that.”
Another chapter that hopefully is the beginning of the end for the fic. In a good way! I have the outline planned out so hopefully have some structure in mind for the end of the story. Hope everyone is keeping safe and well. Warnings at the end of the chapter.
John popped his head through the kitchen doorway. He had likely overheard their exchange, which must have also been difficult for him to listen to. “Anything I can do to help?”
But Sherlock wasn’t listening “I was just remembering that day at Baskerville, when you pulled rank.”
Sherlock frowned “John if you are unsure of what happens between two men when they have sex, I am sure there are many educational videos on the internet. I would also be happy to guide you through the basics, although I am a little surprised I must admit, as I had deduced you were at least bisexual, but perhaps you have not acted on that yet.”
Mycroft, who was still facing Sherlock, raised an eyebrow “Well yes and who ever thought that would be true.”
“Yeah, we did. The only appropriate places that we could think of for us to get married were a crime scene, that swimming pool or the roof at St Bart’s. None of those are licensed, so we decided to just keep it simple.” John confirmed. There had just been Mycroft and Finn at the short ceremony and there had been no meal, no best man’s speech and no first dance. Just straightforward love (with a dash of obligation for Mycroft). John wouldn’t have had it any other way.
They had been out for a few coffees and John had been planning to treat her to a meal out that evening. He may have been hoping they could take things a step further and was planning on bringing Three Continents Watson out of the closet to seal the deal.
John put his hand to his head as the snippets of a long forgotten conversation floated round his head. He could feel the frustration and the.....jealousy of his past self, but he couldn’t fully remember the context, just that this woman....
He looked down at his left hand, at the simple silver band; standing out on his long, pale fingers. Bloody hell how had he got here?
“I told you had done the impossible and become my friend.” Sherlock paused for effect at this and John squeezed him a little tighter. “Then I flaunted my naked body at you,” a burst of laughter came from the other man, “before teasing you with an interest in another woman.”
The detective nodded. He looked down at his hands still gripping the toilet rolls and the glare of his wedding band caught his eye. Extracting his fingers from their purchase, he fingered the ring with his right hand. “I was trying to access my mind palace before. I had this silly notion that if I could remember everything- if I could spend some time with him there that I could remember enough for the both of us.”
Finn smiled and sighed. “I was 10 when I met Sherlock. He had been working with the homeless network and he was trying to find the man behind a human trafficking ring. That man turned out to be my father, well my biological one at least. Sherlock met me as part of his investigation and....I liked him. He was kind to me and he treated me like I was.....worthwhile.” John was trying to process what Finn was telling him. He had so many questions, questions he was afraid to ask. He didn’t feel like this was the moment to ask them, if there ever was a ‘good’ time to ask.
This is another flashback scene, but it could be at any point in the past of Sherlock and John's romantic relationship. It is more of a lead up to the next chapter and quite short. Thank you for reading - as always this is just for fun. Warnings at the end of the chapter.
“Would complete you as a human being.” John finished for him determinedly “And if you have an opportunity you should take it. Whoever it is, whether it’s Molly or Irene. If you love somebody, you should tell them, take the risk, because before you know it that chance is gone....seemingly forever.”
The detective reassessed the 200 roses that covered the living room of 221b. Some were in vases and others had been broken apart, petals scattered over every surface. There was a circle in the middle of the room where you could still see the carpet and that’s where Sherlock planned to propose to John. He had gone to Molly for advice about the best way to go about it and, after the initial squealing and shock at finding out what Sherlock planned to do, she had told him he needed to make it as romantic as possible. So he had googled ‘What is romantic?’. The results had been....varied to say the least and had confused Sherlock to no end. Lots of sites suggested PDA and unexpected gifts, which didn’t really seem appropriate for a marriage proposal. Whereas others suggested basket weaving and skydiving together, but the detective didn’t think that he would be able to get a ring out and ask John to marry him when they were hurtling through the sky together (or when he was trying to navigate a basket).
“Thank you for the observation Mrs Hudson, I don’t what I would do without you.” Was his sarcastic response.
The detective was a little taken aback by Finn’s request - he would of course agree to it, but.... “She’s important to you.” Finn looked away. No wonder he was nervous he was in love. Now Sherlock was nervous – what if Rachel didn’t like him? He hadn’t ever really cared what people thought of him, it was an alien feeling.
Which was how he found himself in his current predicament. Mycroft was belittling him in his kitchen about how inept he would be as a parent. After John’s (brilliant, amazing, fantastic) suggestion that they look after Finn themselves, he had called Mycroft for help in making it happen and now he was bearing the brunt of his brother’s ‘feelings’ on that. Sherlock had already given the other man a fairly long speech on their capabilities and why it was the best thing for everyone, including Finn, but Mycroft was persistent.
His phone pinged with a text message that broke him out of his thoughts. He pulled it out from his dressing gown pocket and John sat up, so they could both see the screen.
John’s lips thinned and he crossed his arms. Anger was coursing through his veins and he felt a need to prove Sherlock wrong, so he proceeded to delve into a detailed analysis of everything he had observed at the crime scene.
“You have had sex with Sarah!” the detective almost shouted. “She knows you intimately and she still makes you smile like that. How is it unusual for me to feel jealous of that?”
Sherlock looked away, embarrassed by his silly need to feel loved in all this when he had never doubted it from Finn. “I love you too.” He said quickly and quietly. “Right well you have a ‘whole girlfriend thing’ of you own to deal with today – when is she arriving?”
John’s heart broke ‘Don’t cry. Don’t cry’ he told himself. Had he cried in front of Sherlock before? “I can’t and I think somewhere inside of you, you understand. I hope one day you will realise that and we can be friends.”
It had never entered his head before, as it hadn't been an option for them, for two men in love. Sherlock rarely kept up with the news, so goodness knows how long it had been legal, but he had got to get his mind out of this particular gutter where the headline lay.
“Huh finally admitting you feel more than lust for our dear detective inspector Mycroft? Your super villain facade is slipping.”
John balled his hands into fists in frustration. He couldn’t talk about this with Sherlock that wasn’t fair, but maybe John was a little selfish and maybe he was in over his head and maybe Sherlock was the only thing that made sense right now.
John shook himself, as if startled and finally murmured “Had a bit of a lazy one really. Mary -" he stuttered a little on the name, looking at Sherlock uncomfortably. He coughed and continued. “Mary and I had coffee at that new place that has opened near the hospital and we needed a few groceries, so we nipped to Tesco.”
“I was going to ask you to marry me!” Sherlock blurted before he could stop himself. John’s eyes widened and he looked at him in pure shock. The detective put his head in his hands for what felt like the tenth time today. “I was going to ask you to marry me” he said more calmly “and you ruined it. It was going to perfect and I was going to give you a blow job and everything.”
“Well let’s ride out this emotional, moment together, before we try to get back to sleep” Sherlock suggested. His eyes met John’s over Finn’s head and they both smiled. He held on to their son a little tighter.
If he had been offered after the fall to have Sherlock back in a year, whatever the reason, he would have taken it with open arms.
Sherlock stood and slowly followed him in a daze. He held himself on the door frame to the bathroom once he got there and looked at his husband, who was sprawled on the floor and leant against the bath – clearly having just emptied the contents of his stomach into the toilet.
I'm slowly but surely getting through thia fic. I do have it all planned out - I just need to write it! Thanks for stickimg with me if you are still here. As ever this is just for fun.
“No, but I was starting to accept that I wanted that.” He put his violin under his chin and started to test it out. “When you or Finn have had nightmares in the past, I have played the violin for you to help soothe you.”
She was going to have to ham this up. “I’ve been trying to get hold of him.” She started to pretend to cry. “He’s not speaking to me and you’re obviously happy, so he must not want me to know he must want to keep secrets from me – please tell me Finn – I can’t stand the not knowing!”
Apparently deducing that a new father actually wasn’t, but his best friend was, wasn’t socially acceptable. He had been trying to help. Mycroft had swiftly organised a private waiting room for them, where he could chain-smoke out of the window.
Finn nodded and looked at the duffel in his hands “I’ll take this upstairs and try to de ‘teenage boy’ my room.” Finn was currently living in halls at Uni, but still stayed at home during the holidays.
Molly didn’t fall for his diversion tactics however. “Is he out of the picture? Have things developed?”
He could feel the other man smirk by his ear. “I have much better plans than tea tonight for you my dear John. We never did get to enjoy our wedding night.”
There was a pregnant pause, as John looked at his feet. “Forgive me” came Sherlock’s whispered suggestion.
“You don’t mean that.” Finn replies earnestly, Sherlock grunts in response. He takes the time to fully look at his son and takes in the red eyes, dishevelled hair, bitten finger nails and most of all the defeated look on his face.
The detective brought his left hand to cradle John’s on his face “Because you nearly died John – do you realise that?” Sherlock was getting teary now too. “A mad woman stabbed you and pushed you into traffic.” He paused and stared right into John’s soul “I thought I watched you die. I could cope with a little memory loss in the circumstances.”
“Hey Pops” he heard Finn say, as he reached for John’s right hand. His voice was filled with all of the emotions Sherlock should be feeling. “What have you gone and done now eh? Chasing after murderers?! Who would have thought it?” he joked. “You are going to be alright. Dad and I are here now and we are going to look after you. You’re safe now.” Finn looked over his shoulder at him “Right Dad?”
He felt John’s hand pull him to a stop in the middle of the kitchen and he turned to look at him in confusion. “John?”
He was afraid of what came next. He was afraid of what was behind that door. He didn’t have his son’s bravery or his husband’s courage. He had logic and reason....but he also had love, despite the disadvantages, he had to hold on to that.
He loosened the embrace and looked John in the eyes again. “So you see, my dear doctor, we have done all the necessary components of courtship, I would call it a few years of interesting foreplay.”
John rubbed his face in frustration, he was trying to get back on his feet, but these dreams were plaguing him. He had also had dreams of Finn when he had been a young boy, they did almost feel like memories.... He was seeing Finn after his shift tomorrow, maybe he would ask him about it. It would surely be easier than asking Sherlock about dog tags.
“The doctor said he was a bit disorientated, but I never expected him to not know who I was. I have never seen him look at me so blankly, so devoid of emotion.”
Finn blinked and looked away, Sherlock squeezed his hand “You don’t have to stay strong either.” He implored.
John had felt inadequate....unworthy, yet that anger and hurt was still coursing through him. He was a selfish human being when it came to emotions and the people he cared about. John was meant to be the soldier, the one who looked after other people. The one who made tea and shot down murderous cabbies. How dare Sherlock jump off a roof for him? John could look after himself and he didn’t need Sherlock to protect him. He needed the detective here with him.....always.
“Ok let’s not expect too much.” Finn joked. “But you and Pops.....” his face looked hopeful “....you’re doing ok? Especially with the whole girlfriend thing?”
She had looked up at him and smiled. “I know it’s not something we have talked about, but it just makes so much sense. We love each other and this could be a fresh start for us both. You have been trying to find who you are and I think we have something really special John. What do you think?”
I'm back for another chapter. Thank you for all the kudos and comments - they keep me going! As ever the characters don't belong to me and this is just for fun. Hope you enjoy! Warnings at the end of the chapter.
He had never really recognised sexual attraction to anyone man or woman and he had never concerned himself with it, unless it was needed for a case.
Sherlock blinked and brought himself out of his destructive line of thought. He looked over at the other men and their expectant faces. Finn still had tears in his eyes. His little boy had both his parents back and he wanted to embrace that, embrace them. John looked impatient, but happy, and seemed just as wanting for his presence. If he said that it wasn’t important right now then it wasn’t. “Right yes of course” he verbalised, before enveloping the two most important people in his life in a hug. He pressed a kiss to each of their foreheads, being the tallest of the bunch.
“Ah there you are!” Sherlock exclaimed, causing Finn to turn round and face him. His blue eyes were wide and he looked terrified (which selfishly made John feel a little better). His thoughts were disrupted by “That jumper John really? That’s your date jumper. You don’t need that anymore and it never proved very successful, you should bin it.”
She grabbed her coat and headed to the street parallel to Rachel’s flat, which would be the final part of Finn’s route. She waited on the corner of the street and kept an eye on the tracker in the boy’s phone. Once Finn was on the street, she rounded the corner and walked towards him.
"Sherlock when has anything we have ever done been perfect?” Well John had a point there. “We fell in love over corpses, bombs and a fake suicide. We found our son in a drug den and our sex life is pretty much co-ordinated around cases.”
Sherlock had surprised him on the day with this little addition to his ring, which didn’t help his nerves. John understood what Sherlock was trying to say. They knew each other better than anyone and still loved each other for it. That their friendship was at the core of everything and that would never falter. Who knew what was round the corner? John had already had so many unexpected twists and turns in his life, mostly for the better, but no matter what his best friend would be by his side – that’s what Sherlock was promising.
The doctor lightly slapped his hand to quieten him before grabbing it and holding it in both of his. It was at this point that Sherlock noticed John was only on one knee...oh God....
John vowed to himself in that moment it would be the last first kiss of his life and he planned to keep that promise.
Now he was lying in his old room at Baker Street, waking up from the eventful night before, where he had forgiven Sherlock Holmes for not being dead.
Once those emotions had been shared and felt again and again, with whitened knuckles and mingled breath, the intensity started to simmer. Their movements became more languid and measured. Sherlock’s fingers stroked and caressed the hair underneath them and he felt his own (ridiculously high) cheekbones stroked by calloused thumbs. Their kisses became chaste, but there was a reluctance to move away from each other. Sherlock felt tingly all over, almost as if there was a physical energy all around them, moving between them. John’s energy mingling with his, making the world right again. He sighed happily and pulled back slightly to find warm, blue eyes looking into his own. By unspoken arrangement, they brought their foreheads together, eyes closing again. They stayed there processing and just being. Just being....together.
Thanks for keeping with me on this one if you have got this far! Another glimpse into what happened after Sherlock's fall. This one hasn't been beta read, but as always all mistakes are mine. Warnings at the end of the chapter.
“Then you drugged me into believing I was being attacked by a hound, who almost killed me – in my head.”
John shook his head as another glimpse of his past surfaced in his brain. He looked at Sherlock’s expectant face and half nodded, before leaving Baker Street. He couldn't answer the man's question out loud - too much of a coward to say what he really wanted to.
John was staring at the ceiling, unable to sleep. Mary was snoring softly beside him, probably knackered from their earlier activities. John however hadn’t been able to switch his brain off, despite his physical tiredness.
John grinned and pulled Sherlock along with him to their apartment, the two of them giggling like school boys.
John was there now breaking the news to him, she couldn’t wait for the next part of the game to begin.
How was he meant to deal with this? John was his guide to human emotion. How does one deal with the most difficult situation you have ever faced without your conductor of light? How does one explain the importance of a chair?
The detective paused in thought and then he came back to himself, as he raised his hands in the air in front of his face. “That’s it John!” His excitement surged through his movements and he kissed John firmly on the lips, before rushing out the door and shouting “It was the dog walker! Lestrade follow me!”
Sherlock sat bolt upright and brought himself back into the real world. The distinctive features of 221b’s sitting room came into focus, he was on the couch. It had been a nightmare....well a nightmarish memory. One that had been distorted by John. His doctor now had a hand on his shoulder, his blue eyes searching his face. Sherlock was panting and he could feel the cold sweat on his face and back.
John felt the blood drain from his face....he felt sick....Sherlock was seeing someone else? And a woman? “Who is she?”
Sherlock started to talk into the dirty blonde mop of his son’s hair, perhaps it would be easier this way. “We were chasing a suspect. She had been hiding in the attic, unnoticed by Scotland Yard’s finest.” Sherlock spat out. “We had been assessing a scene at a local residence and the forensics team had already left. Your father and I had stayed behind.” They had been having a bit of a snog actually, but he wasn’t going to divest that bit of information....John had been particularly enthusiastic about his deduction and it had been a while since they had been on a case together. John had tasted of tea and cinnamon and was promising all sorts once they got home. With his lips, his whispered words and hungry looks.
John opened the door to the living room at Baker Street and called out to Sherlock. After no reply and not spotting the detective in the living room or kitchen, he pottered over to the kettle to make some tea.
This startled both men and the spell was broken. Finn was standing in the doorway to the kitchen, in John’s line of sight. His father’s blue eyes blinkingly focused on him and a massive grin took over his face. “Finn!” he exclaimed, before enveloping his son in a bear hug, holding on for dear life. Sherlock had turned round to witness the reunion and grinned stupidly, although Finn seemed a little overwhelmed and confused.
John’s lease had been up on the bedsit last month and Mary had suggested he stay with her until he could find something else. She suggested it was better to know now if they could live together and if it worked maybe he wouldn’t need to move out. John thought he must have agreed somewhere along the way, as he looked at their toothbrushes standing proudly together.
I tightened my grip on him and tugged him closer so our chests were touching. His jaw clenched together tightly to try and calm himself down.
“Black, two sugars, just as you like it.” She handed Sherlock a mug which was decorated with anatomically correct hearts, and sat down beside him on the sofa. He swung his feet around so he was sitting upright and took a sip of his tea.
Clamping his hand over his mouth, Sherlock let out a deep groan, whipping his head back against the pillow and exposing his neck. In an instant, John's mouth was there, licking and sucking on Sherlock's pulse point, creating a beautiful design of reds and blues and purples. He licked a trail of saliva along Sherlock's neck, across his jaw and finally reaching his mouth, all the while his thrusts becoming increasingly harder and harder.
John’s thumb brushed over Sherlock’s cheekbone before entwining his fingers through Sherlock’s hair and pulling his head down until their lips met. “You’re so beautiful.” Sherlock manages between gasps, revelling in John. Every movement creates a rhythm that flows in perfect harmony and they’re lost entirely, lost in another world created just for the two of them. Sherlock cannot help but smile. This, right now, is everything he could have wanted. Everything he needed.
John and Sherlock didn't return back to the house for another five hours. Darkness had enveloped the night sky, stars dancing across the expanse of black ink. As they reached the front door, John cupped Sherlock's hand, their fingers entwining, and looked up towards the sky.
"Since when have we done anything like we're supposed to?" He asked, a mischievous smile toying on his lips.
John's slumped over the toilet seat, head hanging forward slightly and vomiting until there is nothing left to throw up. I kneel beside him and gently place my hand against his shoulder, rubbing at his back soothingly whilst he spills his stomach's contents. I know not to talk to him whilst he is in this state- his request.
“No. No, no, no.” Lestrade turns and he sees Sherlock’s silhouette against the streetlight. He sees the way Sherlock has dragged John so that John’s back is pressed against Sherlock’s chest, and he sees the way Sherlock cradles John’s head in a way that is so tender, so gentle, that it seems almost like an intrusion to be watching the scene play out. He sits against the wall with his legs on either side of John’s body and holds him, hoping, trying to believe that this isn’t real.
"After an MRI scan we discovered some extensive damage to the spinal cord and he was rushed into surgery. Unfortunately, whilst the operation was taking place John went into cardiac arrest again but resuscitation was successful. We'll be keeping a careful eye on him, I assure you." I clench my eyes shut, shaking my head slightly.
"What are you going to do about university?" Sherlock asked, a tremble to his voice as he spoke to his partner. After the initial breakdown as he told Sherlock the news, he had managed to calm himself down.
The ring still sits on his left hand, still feels heavy. It turns out that John had been planning the proposal for weeks, had even spoken with Sherlock's parents to ask for his hand in marriage. Of course they agreed. It wasn't only Mycroft who had acknowledged the connection between John and himself.
"I'm so sorry, Sherlock." His voice was rough- he had been crying. Exhaling the smoke, I watched it dance up into the air, a dark contrast against the magnificent blue of the sky.
“Make sure he stays here, ok? I would take him back to mine but clearly he’s not impressed with me at the moment. No surprises there, though.” Lestrade chuckled slightly. If he didn’t laugh he thought he may have lost his temper instead. “But if he does cause any trouble call me or Mycroft. Make sure he gets some rest. We’ll let you know if there are any updates on John.”
"I know." John breathed heavily, his skin sticky with sweat and his blonde hair plastered to his forehead. Soon after John was leaning over Sherlock and across the bed, reaching for something that Sherlock couldn't see. When he came back, Sherlock could see the nervous look in his eyes as he peered at the little plastic packet in his hand.
"That's it John," Sherlock continued, helping to prop John up so his back was against the wooden legs of the bench. "There we go."
John never did like him smoking but, he supposes, that doesn't matter now. He's not here anymore. Why does it even matter?
Sherlock uncurled John's fingers, revealing the condom that was held tightly in it and lifted the packet to his mouth, tearing at it with his teeth. John swallowed hard, looking at Sherlock as if he wanted to devour him. "I-um-"
Another massive grin spread across John's lips as he stared at the man beneath him, consumed by happiness and joy.
John's whole body had tensed, quivers darting along his limbs. One year was definitely not an option. John had been living in fear of this man for his whole life. He didn't show any regard for his entire family: all they were to him were his punch bags. Not only that, he had extremely strong beliefs and what he said was right. There was no arguing with that.
Back in the waiting room Mycroft, Molly and Lestrade were in a deep conversation about the two men in the ICU.
I return the next day but John is still under. A doctor tells me that they hope to wake him up within the hour and that it is best for him to have a familiar face to see when he does eventually wake. It will be traumatic for him. He is not going to be welcomed by loneliness when he returns, like in Afghanistan. I will be there for him.
The day that the school holds the service, we are all allowed to light a candle in his memory. There is a photo of him that is mounted at the front of the hall and he is smiling, eyes bright and he looks genuinely happy.
The atmosphere at school changed completely and it was hateful. The way people looked at me as if I may break made me so angry. And I did get angry. So bloody angry at the most ridiculous little things until one day, I flipped out completely in the chemistry lab.
"It's alright, John." He whispered in my ear and the way he said my name made me tremble. I unbuttoned Sherlock's shirt, my fingers brushing against the dark hair on his chest and leant forward, pressing my lips to his in a kiss filled with so much want and need. Because I did need him, I needed him so much that it hurt.
He rings the doorbell and the door is wrenched open within a few seconds. Sherlock doesn’t need to ask what happens because somehow he just
The first session of chemotherapy was awful. Absolutely, horrendous. Seeing John so weak as the chemicals coursed through his veins, fighting tiredness as he slowly made his way back up the stairs to 221B, was a sight that I knew I would have to get used to for an indefinite amount of time. The thought terrified me.
“Sherlock.” Mycroft interrupts, his voice cutting. The same exhaustion was there as the night before but his voice isn’t emotionless. He’s angry. “I am not seeing my little brother die.”
"There was no way you could have stopped that maniac!" Lestrade hollered, swerving around the corner, not too far away from the hospital now.
Lestrade guides me away to sit in the police car and the last thing I can see are the paramedics stabilising John in a neck and back brace. They lift him cautiously, being extremely careful not to jolt him and further his injuries. Out of the corner of my eye I can see another ambulance at the scene where the car slammed into the building.
“Now is not a good time, Mycroft.” John stares at the elder Holmes, not once losing eye contact with him. “If you know what’s best for you, you will leave
“I had no idea.” Lestrade sighed and it was evident to Molly that he was just as worried about the two of them as she was. “Jesus. The poor sod.”
In one swift movement Sherlock had successfully divested them both of all of their clothing until they were naked, both overwhelmed with the situation but neither one willing to make any more comments on the matter. After all, what else was there to say?
Tentatively, I touched my two fingers to his pulse point again, hoping for some miracle that they would be beating beneath my fingertips but they weren't and my whole world collapsed.
He isn't unconscious- his eyes are blinking as if he's trying to acknowledge what is happening- but he's not moving. His body is twisted at an angle that I cannot even begin to describe and
"So gorgeous..." John mumbled as he pressed his lips to the pale expanse of Sherlock's skin, whispering sweet compliments as he inhaled the smell of him.
He is so ill. "I'm phoning an ambulance." Sherlock says but John doesn't reply, remains focussed on his breathing. Sherlock dials the number quickly, reciting words that he has said many times before. John Watson. 24. Terminal lung cancer. There's more to be said. He doesn't want to say them, yet he has to.
"When the paramedics arrived John was still breathing, albeit with extreme difficulty." I nod. "Brother, are you sure you want me to-"
Sherlock stepped out of the car and slammed the door shut, before retrieving his case from the boot. “See you in a month!” Lestrade called from inside the car. “And stick with it!”
When I was seventeen I witnessed my best friend being run down in a hit and run. She was crossing the road, a photo frame in her hand of the two of us together. On the back there was a message that read:
She is saying something to him, trying to make him aware of his situation but she could be speaking a foreign language for all John cares, because he can’t understand what she’s saying. He can’t focus on her, nor her words. The woman’s face is blurred and her speech is murmured and John can’t find it in himself to actually care.
“Shit.” He manages through gritted teeth. “Fuck. Fuck, fuck, fuck.” John doesn’t realise that at this point he is shouting, but soon enough there is a nurse in the room, followed by Sholto. They’re explaining things to him but he doesn’t know what because all he can focus on is the pain and how much it
"We cannot say for definite but with the extensiveness of the injury, unfortunately it is extremely unlikely that the movement will come back. We can make him as comfortable as possible and there are things that can be put in place to make things as easy as possible for him. When a person receives an injury such as this, it is vital that their independence remains in tact." I breathe in again, not wanting to accept the words that are being spoken to me. John doesn't deserve this, not after everything he's been through.
"We may as well get it over and done with." John replied, never once taking his gaze away from the mirror.
Lestrade quickly pocketed his phone as Sherlock entered the waiting room again. If there was one thing that he was certain of it would be that Sherlock would not be impressed with what he was about to say. However, he was under strict orders from the elder Holmes brother.
“Is Sherlock going back to yours after he’s finished visiting John?” Lestrade asked Molly before taking a sip of his coffee. It was already cold.
"Yes, John. Right there." John felt the warmth pool in his lower abdomen and then he was coming, pulsing inside of Sherlock as the younger teen gasped and shuddered.
“My business also, Sherlock.” Mycroft is standing on the doorstep, umbrella propped up as the rain pelts the ground around him. “You know why I’m here.”
Because one moment everyone was fine and it was just another simple drive. Everything was going smoothly until it wasn't.
"John, I need you to stay awake with me. The ambulance is on its way, ok?" Sherlock kneeled beside John, encouraging him to try and just
Some girls who I couldn't be bothered to remember the names of started talking about John, about how they thought he was such a great person, how he would never hurt anyone. But every time they mentioned John's name, I could feel my temper slowly rising because why should they be allowed to talk about John when they didn't bother when he was alive?
“Found it!” Lestrade, who had since made his way around the living room of 221B, held up a small packet of white powder and gestured towards it with his thumb. “Think this is all?” He quickly glanced at Mrs Hudson, before lowering the packet down. “Sherlock.” He said, running a hand through his hair. “This is for the best.”
John replied by running his palm along Sherlock's side, tickling the outline of each of his ribs and leaning down, pecking kisses along Sherlock's chest. Just as he was about to move, he took another look at his lover and noticed that he was...crying?
His arms began to ache as John held on to his mum’s lifeless body, watched as the colour drained from her face. “Sher-“ He couldn’t finish the name.
We return to the room and I take my place beside John again. His eyes have fluttered closed and I am reluctant to wake him. "John," I whisper, my voice not quite there. I clear it before repeating his name again. On the fourth time I say his name, he startles awake but the supports prevent him from moving. He starts to panic, his eyes frantic and searching around the room.
Carefully, I moved my hand so that it was cupping his cheek, caressing my thumb just below his eye. I nodded, too shocked to be able to form words. I could feel a tear trickle down my face and I finally managed to mutter out the word 'yes'.
“Dad!” John called from the bottom of the staircase. John’s mother turned her head and saw her son, a plea in her eyes for him to help. “Let go of her. Now.” John began to move, one foot on the bottom step, then the next. However, just as he was about to make his way up to the next step, John heard the sharp intake of breath as the force of Mr Watson releasing his grip caused his mum to lose her balance.
"Exactly. Shut up." My knuckles began to hurt from where I had balled my fist together, willing myself not to punch something- or someone.
"What am I meant to say?" John asks, struggling to breathe as he says his words. The fingers on his left hand twitch slightly and I reach out to him, locking our fingers together, caressing my thumb over the palm of his hand. He's absolutely freezing. The doctor coughs, the movement causing another agonising jolt of pain to attack his body. Pressing his eyes shut, he releases a sob. He cries and he cries and I let him. This is the first time since the diagnosis that he has cried and I will not be the one to prevent him from doing so.
I spoke with John's nurses and doctors and they agreed with his decision. All treatments were to be withdrawn as soon as possible.
Mrs Hudson, who had never seen John express even an ounce of discomfort in any situation regarding injuries after cases, stared at the two of them as Sherlock attempted to console his partner. “Mrs Hudson, could you get John a glass of water please.” She did.
is its Latin name. Highly toxic. Works as a hallucinogenic.” John doesn’t take his attention away as Sherlock stands and strides over, before kicking them. Over and over again. With a flick of his wrist he encourages John to walk to him and suddenly they’re both kicking and kicking and kicking. Destroying the
I attempt to cock my head to the side so I am closer to him but I can't. A feeling similar to being stabbed attacks my body and I can't move because it just hurts so much. A whimper escapes my lips.
"Sherlock," he begins, still struggling to catch his breath "what the hell is wrong?" I begin pacing the length of the living room whilst he looks at me, eyes wide with concern although he is trying to disguise it (poorly, might I add). In one erratic movement I am at the table, smashing my fist into it repeatedly in an attempt to release all of my inner frustrations. Lestrade is on his feet but I hold my hand out, palm facing him to tell him to stay back.
My head slants forward and I stare at my shoes, noting the scuffs on the front of them, the laces that are starting to fray slightly. For once I do not know what to say and I struggle to respond to him.
“I wasn’t emotionally attached to him the first time. Also, that was months after he had been shot. It will inevitably be immediately this time.”
"There we go." Lestrade says once I finally calm down. I ball my hand into a fist, frustrated at my own weakness. The chances of us having an incident on the way back to Baker Street is slim. I shouldn't be working myself up so much.
“John won’t be in any fit state later. And I don’t think you will be either.” Lestrade pinched the bridge of his nose. Sherlock wasn’t going easily.
I receive lots of cards on the day he is put to rest. From his friends, his colleagues. His fans. The people who read his blog about us. About our cases. About our memories.
Their mouths meet again and John cannot help but smile when he feels Sherlock’s mouth pull up into a smirk. Sherlock collapses beside John on the dirt, laughing, panting. They remain silent, watching the clouds drift slowly against the blue, travelling to locations far, far away.
"John..." Sherlock's knees had buckled in an instant and he was on the floor, right beside John's body. The sight of him made his stomach repel and he was coughing, vomiting beside the body of John's unconscious father. "No, John- you can't. No."
Sherlock pulled away breathlessly and spoke out once again. "You know your Dad won't approve of you being a with a boy and-" He was cut abruptly short when John silenced him with another kiss, preventing him from speaking any further.
There is nothing I can say or do that will make this remotely better. Still, John moves his hand. Up and down. Up and down. It's as if he's telling himself that he could have been worse, that he could have been quadriplegic instead. He will always try to see the best in everything. However, he doesn't speak, just stares on and on.
"I'm coming home," I say as I look to the stars. It's the middle of the night- Sherlock hasn't even been dead for 24 hours. "I'm coming home," I say. And just like that, I am finally gone aswell.
“Don’t cause any more trouble than necessary, Sherlock.” Mycroft stared down his nose, his eyes a threatening glare as he stared at his little brother. “I advise you to go back to Baker Street and come down.”
"I don't." I respond immediately. Standing up, I hold my hand out to Dr Pace, waiting for her to shake it. "Thankyou," I say and I am leaving, pulling out my phone and texting Lestrade.
As he reached the top of the stairs, John overlooked the window that looked down onto the garden. Even though it was inevitable that his Dad would find out in two days, they would have two days together before all hell broke loose.
John cursed as the sharp steel-toed boot collided with his rib cage, gasping as he heard the crack of one of the bones breaking. He could smell the alcohol permeating the air, the stench lingering in his nostrils for far too long.
The rest of the dinner goes by quickly and soon enough every plate is empty. “We’re going out,” Sherlock says suddenly, bolting up and taking his and John’s plate to the sink. “Won’t be back until late.”
He only gets weaker, loses more weight. John spends most of the day sleeping, oxygen with him at all times, as I work on cases from home. I won't leave him. The only time we leave the house is for hospital appointments and even then, he is unable to walk. He just doesn't have the energy anymore and so he has his wheelchair.
"John, you really don't need me to explain why." Resting his elbows on his knees, Sherlock continued. "It only makes sense."
His face is paler than usual, and his eyes are startled and disturbed. Clumps of blood are matted into his curly hair and it takes a moment for Lestrade to notice, but there are small fragments of white bone stuck there also. Sherlock’s right arm is also dotted with lumps of flesh from where he tried to protect himself. There is no denying that it is John’s.
He comes almost everyday. Even the British government has time to spare for his baby brother. I think if it wasn't for him, I would have topped myself by now. Every time I think about ending it all, I am reminded of my idiocy by Mycroft. I would never die an idiot. So I stay.
"Some morons thought it'd be hilarious to try on provoke me on the way to the lecture. I retaliated, of course, which led to this." Sherlock pointed towards his face before shaking his head slightly. "But that doesn't matter. How are you?"
"Did you get any sleep last night?" Moving my head from left to right I give him my answer. Images from the accident kept on interrupting me and on more than one occasion I woke up screaming, holding my hand out for John to hold but realising that he wasn't there.
began to shift into a form I could no longer recognize. You changed the way I felt; so, too, the way I thought. The way I felt about you had nothing to do with logic or science, or anything I could recognize. But you didn't really change me, did you? Because that part of me must have always been there. Because some of the people I knew began to matter, because you mattered. I was afraid; I wanted to get rid of this thing that could so easily destroy me. I fought against it. I fought you, too, though you didn't know that at the time. At some point, I gave up fighting, though I couldn't say exactly when. Maybe it was at the restaurant, when you looked at me like I had done to you the very thing I was so afraid of. Maybe it was sooner, when you begged me to stop being dead. Because I heard you.
John keeps an old, soft scarf of Sherlock's in a carved wooden box in his office. He takes it out when he needs to feel Sherlock's presence. He buries his face in the scarf; and breathes in deeply that warm, intoxicating, overwhelming imprint of Sherlock. He sometimes wraps the scarf around himself; around his neck, or tangled in his arms.
, I whisper; smiling gently as your eyes shut tight against the deceitful hope. My fingers find their way to the creasing of your brow, ghost over your eyelids. I place my mouth over yours in the most tender way I know, and whisper another promise:
John comes home feeling frazzled and depressed because he had to call social services again for one of his patients. Sherlock brews him a strong cup of tea, and asks him to come sit on his lap on the couch. He wraps his arms around John, nestling his chin in John's hair. Sherlock puts his hands inside John's jumper, and massages his stomach until he melts completely in Sherlock's arms; and falls into a warm, deep sleep.
John and Sherlock are not like an ordinary couple when it comes to their bond; because they have been through so much, together and apart. They have faced such darkness in their lives that they cannot take seriously the pettiness of daily life, and that applies to their relationship as well. They need each other, truly and deeply. They have always known this. They do not need to say it. They sometimes dance slowly and silently in the warm light of their fireplace. They hold onto each other with unwavering need, like they would die without the other man in their arms.
John often awakens when it's still dark outside. He wraps his arms around Sherlock's stomach, sinking his body against Sherlock's; and presses his mouth into Sherlock's back. John begins moving very slowly and tenderly against him; with eyes closed, and breath shaky. Although he is barely moving, the warmth spreads into an aching burning that seeps through every part of him. He can hear Sherlock's soft pillow-muffled moans; and feels Sherlock echoing his movements. They are nearly still, like a lake that ripples in the moonlight from a single fallen leaf; but their deeply blazing and shuddering bodies are like a sunset burning for lovers at the end of the earth.
You softly trail your fingers down the side of my face, and suddenly I am embracing you; softness and warmth envelops me as I keep my mouth on yours. I force my thumb between your lips, and press into you as you moan loudly at being forced to keep your mouth open, subject to my whims. I crawl on top of you, and grunt as I pull down my only piece of clothing. I can feel the elastic waistband rubbbing against my knees as I begin moving against you, skin to skin.
I noticed your absence. I began to wonder if I'd ever again hear you breathlessly calling my name as you raced to keep up with me. To feel your eyes on me, hastily turning away as I moved to meet your gaze. The way you smiled at me- how did I ever deserve that smile? I want to tell you the truth, that I would not have done what I did for any other reason but to keep you safe. But to say it would be to jeopardize your happiness with another. To ask too much of you. To ask you for something I don't deserve. My John, I would do anything for you. Even if it means you'll never really be my John.
then, it felt like suffocation; and the burning lungs and tears i couldn't shed as i heard you break beneath me. i felt so weak; you must've been holding
You are having sex with me, in the sweet and gentle way you like but I keep commanding you to go faster. So you are thrusting faster and harder and soon, you are hitting me so hard I feel my bones vibrating and the hard smacking of your body against mine and you are whimpering and moaning and saying you can't stop, and your body is heaving into me and you are shaking so hard you can barely keep yourself from collapsing; until you finally do collapse as you are coming and I can feel you quivering and shuddering and burning heat; it is so intense it feels unbearable but it seems to go on and on, until you are still at last and softly pressing your lips to my body and saying you're sorry, but I tell you that you have nothing to be sorry for. Do it again.
You are not coy as you gaze up at me—no, rather it is fear clouding your eyes. Afraid of how I make you feel. I could leave you, after all; and in that moment of fear you imagine what it would be like to live the rest of your days without another single touch.
When he thought Sherlock was dead, John kept one of Sherlock's pyjama bottoms near his bed. On one of his worse nights, he would hug them close to his face, and breathe in the smell of Sherlock so he could manage to fall asleep. Sherlock took them back after his return; but John does not let on about the sharp pains that shoot through him when he sees Sherlock wearing them.
when i first held you i could feel my body seeping into yours like crashing waves. you must've held me up somehow; i felt so weak.
Your hand presses against my back, lips parting in a hesitant smile. In the next moment, I blink. Darkness. I rub my weary eyes. Another one of those dreams, then. A deep sigh. Resigned, I stumble out of bed, and move softly toward your room. A hesitant pause at the doorway. You mutter in your sleep, shifting. I breathe out, carefully make my way to your bedside. I kneel. I listen to your soft breathing, the occasional muttering. In the outlines and shadows of the darkness, I make out the steady rising and falling of your chest. "Sherlock," I whisper, quiet enough to be overly cautious. I close my eyes, listening to the sounds of your sleeping form. My hands rest hesitantly on the edge of your mattress. I feel the slight movements every time you shift. When I hear my name, my heart lurches. No way to know what you're dreaming of.
Sherlock places a hand on John's neck; and feels as his blood rushes in pulses, becoming increasingly rapid. This close to his mouth, Sherlock can hear with the most minimal of distance his breath catch and hiss sharply as Sherlock's other hand moves in deep, tender motions around John's thighs. Sherlock breathes deeply with his mouth in John's neck; moaning, soothing through John's descent into a deep, aching warmth.
Sherlock can feel John's hot, wet breath on the back of his neck. It matches with the hard, wet smacking of John's body against his as John slams into him again and again; both of them rasping out short, desperate gasps for air as the fiery heat seems to build and build without ever relenting; speeding up in an unbearable, scorching burn that goes on and on until Sherlock hears an agonized wailing as John is convulsing and pulsating inside him; hot, wet bursts coming quickly and forcefully as Sherlock struggles and fails to breathe; while the searing, torturous heat seems to ravage every part of him. He can see only blackness as he collapses beneath John, who has already fallen in a dead weight on top of him.
me because i couldn't breathe and i felt great gasping heaving inside that i couldn't allow to escape. i'm in so much pain. sometimes it's all you make me feel.
I draw a finger across your cheek, and whisper your name into your soft hair. These hushed breaths between us, the softly heaving chests, our eyelids fluttering closed. I want this quiet warmth to last forever. I carefully measure out these moments, save them for later. Save them for the times you grow cold. You lock yourself away, keep your distance. Frowning, muttering, too quiet for me to decipher. I sink back into my chair, I stare into the fireplace, I take deep sips of my tea. I rustle open my newspaper. You disappear from my vision.
Then the waiter had turned into ‘an old friend’, which had led John to push said waiter halfway across the restaurant, before headbutting him in the face.
This seemed to kick the other man into action, all hesitation leaving his body, as if he had been given permission to release all the passion, lust and.....love that he had been holding in.
Sherlock looked over the edge, just like he did all those years ago. It still looked a long way down. However instead of looking into Jim’s dark eyes, he found the worried blue eyes of his son. “Twelve years ago I stood on this roof and I jumped.”
This chapter is another flashback and you will probably recognise some nodds to THAT moment in season 4. This is how I would have liked it to go and with Mary out of the way I thought I would play out what could have been. I own nothing of course and this is all just for fun. Thanks for all the kudos, I'm enjoying spreading my artistic wings!
Irene Adler’s moan echoed through the flat, causing John’s supressed anger to bubble to the surface. “She’s alive then?” Sherlock remained silent “You bloody saved her didn’t you?”
He felt a hand grip his shoulder in acknowledgement and used the support to open the door and face the music.
Sherlock hadn’t missed his reaction “John? What’s wrong? Why do you look like you are in shock?” The confused look hadn’t left the detective’s face, he looked genuinely concerned.
“Please John" he interrupted again “Please come back to me. I’ll fight for you, I won’t give up on you – on us. I never really did. Please don’t give up on us either – on me. Please don’t marry-"
Something was puzzling Sherlock though, what did Finn mean by odd moments, had John remembered something previously? It would be quite unheard of to remember everything at once, with no sign of memory for years. If that’s the case then why did he propose to Mary? Is that why he was apologising before and Sherlock cut him off with an unwanted kiss? No, John would let him know if he was overstepping. He had told Finn he loved him, but not Sherlock – was the kiss before John just saying goodbye and acknowledging what had gone before?
“Yeah sure” came Finn’s reply “I’ll just put Pops’ bag away.” He continued, as he passed Sherlock in the kitchen, John’s duffel in hand.
“I think I convinced myself that you would be over it by now....over me....and perhaps a little angry, but that you would see the funny side. Call me a cock and be done with it.”
The lies and deceit that apparently Molly Hooper was worthy of. He would have expected bloody Mycroft, but Molly....that was a hard pill to swallow.
He was procrastinating and he knew it. He needed to bite the bullet and tell Sherlock the ‘truth', even though he felt like there was ash in his mouth at the thought of saying anything out loud. He had to be convincing though, he had to seem....happy, Mr Deduce-a-lot would see through it if he wasn’t totally behind what he was saying. He took a deep breath, cleared his throat, looked at his feet and turned to face the other man.
John started to well up himself, as he caressed his son’s hair “I’m happy too.” The euphoria he felt was unparalleled. To share a memory with his son; one that was so emotive and important. To have comforted him in a difficult moment. For his words to have been cherished, for them to have impacted a young boy’s life.
Sherlock’s frowny face returned with a vengeance “Once again John your stupidity ceases to amaze me.” The doctor stared at him, as he clenched his fists, trying to keep calm. Sherlock stood up and towered over the other man “Surely you must know that if I was ever going to romantically entangle myself with anybody, it would be with you.”
Sherlock has a moment to be shocked by the reaction, before his son continues. “That’s absolute bullshit and you know it. You are withdrawing, pushing me away. I am your son. You chose to be my Dad. I wasn’t.....I’m not some biological obligation. You chose me and you know me and I know you. I won’t let you hide behind your ‘stunted emotions’ - that ship sailed a long time ago, when you met Dad.”
Finn groaned and pulled his face out of his hands “Dad please stop.” And pointed to Rachel, who looked like she was frozen in place, with her mouth parted in obvious disbelief.
This is how Finn found them some time later. It was quite an unusual scene they made, especially in recent years. They also seemed completely engrossed in each other and unaware of their surroundings, including Finn.
Married. Him and Sherlock were married, willingly and everything. He took the band off and looked at the engraving inside:
Somehow he felt his legs moving and he stood up to face the distraught looking Sherlock. “I...I should er... go.”
.....I'm gearing up for another flashback scene! I hope you are all enjoying it so far and it is starting to make sense.
Sherlock smirked and looked over to the other man. “I will make it up to you my dear doctor. Besides I haven’t been able to show off to you for so long.”
He looked at the blank, lifeless, hospital walls and wished he had a gun to keep him entertained; although he was far from bored, it would at least provide a distraction. He could pretend it was the faceless woman who had put them in this mess, in this chaos. In the blur of the moment, she had got away. Sherlock hadn’t been focused on anything else but John at the time. She had been wearing a hooded jacket and the detective hadn’t seen her face....but John would have, as he tried to tackle her to the ground. If he woke up, he would be able to provide a description....they could find her.
A happier smile came across Finn’s face then. “Well Dad had taken down my father’s...empire and I was set for foster homes, a life in the system. They couldn’t find any living relatives. Sherlock, as he was to me then, and I had bonded and he had helped me with my police interviews. I found him so fascinating and he didn’t want anything from me. In fact he had helped me, no one had helped me before, especially not an adult. I idolised him and, in my naivety, I didn’t understand why I couldn’t go home with him. He had told me about Baker Street, about his experiments and about you. To me it sounded idyllic, exciting. A proper apartment, where I could do cool experiments and fight crime, he sounded like a super hero.”
Lestrade face softened at his words “I know and whatever happens next it’s not going to be easy. You are going to need to fight too, for John and for yourself.”
Finn rolled his eyes. “Dad you know her name is Mary and of course I would never do that to you. I won’t even invite her to the wedding of we ever get married if you don’t want me to.”
Finn looked incredulously at them all “Has anybody thought to check the roof?” There is a gasp from Molly and a startled look on the others’ faces.
John had frowned in confusion, so the detective had elaborated. “The only family he has known before us mistreated him. Made him do awful things, half of which we don’t even know about. He was trapped in that situation and couldn’t get out. Despite that he loved his father and sought his acceptance every day, being continually rejected. He’s scared that the same thing will happen, so he’s pushing us away before we can reject him.”
John grabbed the pained man’s hand “Sherlock I have no intention of giving up. I’m sure the memories will come back and if they don’t, we will figure it out.”
Once the adoption had been finalised, Finn started to defy them at every turn. He would refuse to go to bed on time, do his homework or talk to them about anything. His therapist had suggested he was testing them, daring them to ‘send him back’. Sherlock had spent a night lying on the couch in his mind palace, contemplating this information and going over every moment with Finn and analysing it. John had greeted him with a cup of tea the following morning, with a sad smile on his face. He clasped the hot drink in his hands and felt John’s arm wrap round his shoulders. He nestled into the warmth of his doctor’s neck and breathed him in.
“Thank you Mrs Hudson” interrupted Sherlock, who was now completely flushed in embarrassment. John giggled again. “John and I will now go upstairs, so we can finish....”
Sherlock was gaping a little now, eyes still like saucers. After a few moments, he stood up in a flourish out of his chair and kissed John on the forehead with a loud smack. He grabbed John’s face in his hands and looked him directly in the eyes. “I love you John Hamish Watson.” And continued on to the kitchen to call Mycroft.
“About pride and respect?” he queried, as the doctor nodded. “You are the person I respect most in this world and what I am most proud of in my life.”
The smaller man laughed and finally pulled away from the embrace. “I’m sure he can come out of retirement.”
“But you are normal.....to everyone else that is. To me you make the ordinary extraordinary. It amazes me that so few people see it, but I’m glad that I can keep you for myself. You are my guide to the ‘normal world’, my conductor of light.”
Thanks for the comments and kudos. This is a flashback scene from when Sherlock returns from the fall. This breaks away from canon, as it has only been a year since Sherlock jumped, although I have used elements from the show. Hopefully it isn't too confusing, I will be jumping between the two timelines until we get to the scene in the prologue. Hope you enjoy! Warnings at the end of the chapter.
“John I-“ Sherlock tried to explain, but John held up his hand. “I think we have talked enough for now. I’m going to go and I don’t know when I will be back.” John said with a frightening finality.
John was in his arms. He had promised all those years ago that he wouldn’t let John go again and he planned to keep that promise. Even if his doctor couldn’t remember it, it would have to be enough for him to remember for them both.
“No I did” Molly smirked at his put out look “Anyway don’t you want to see the ‘very interesting’ thing I have for you?” As she lifted a bag of body parts up into his face.
“Pfft...please I bought you a much nicer one that you have never worn. We are trying to make a good impression here.” His eyes subtly moved downwards to Finn, who was looking between them with his mouth agape. John was a bit stuck for words, what a great first impression he was making.
Watching him fly up into the air and slam down on to the tarmac had brought her some satisfaction, as she had made her getaway. She had gotten home and had been disappointed at the outcome, although she had reasoned that confirmation of John’s death would bring her some closure. However that confirmation had never arrived.
“That doesn’t mean you have to like or fancy me anymore. You flirt with every woman we meet – the lady at the bakery, the landlady at the pub, Finn’s teacher! Is that a sign that you miss it?”
Sherlock made an involuntary noise at that comment and moved away into the kitchen. He could still hear a murmured “You are still that man” from Finn.
He had to say something comforting, something that would reassure Finn that everything would be ok, even though he knew it wouldn’t be. What would John say if their situations were reversed? Hmm....probably something along the lines of ‘Your Dad was an arrogant cock when I met him, although not much has changed, he didn’t accept love then and it make take us a while to find the man we knew again.’ He would certainly be optimistic (and he would be facing greater odds) and he would infuse Finn with that optimism and hope.
He heard John pull Finn to his chest and ask what had happened in the dream. The boy was still sniffling, but no words came forth in reply. “It might not be as scary if you talk about it.” He heard John suggest.
John was up like a shot and grabbing his dressing gown. Finn had had nightmares before, but the panic always filled them in these first moments in case someone had got in to Baker Street. They both headed upstairs and John indicated that he would go in first. The other man waited outside, with the door still ajar. He could see Finn sitting up with tears in his eyes and hands on his head. Just a nightmare then, he relaxed a little and sat down on the stairs outside the room. He didn’t want to overwhelm the young boy, but wanted to make sure he was ok.
John’s emotional outburst had reset the mood, causing Sherlock to act tentative around him. He wasn’t used to that...
John could see the reality of the situation settle over the other man’s facial features, he felt like the worst person on the planet and he didn’t know what to say. Anger started to bubble inside him, replacing the earlier anxiety.
Bizarrely it had been Mycroft that had come to Sherlock’s rescue and for once he had been glad for it. His brother had somehow convinced John to assist Sherlock with the plot to blow up parliament. When he had seen his doctor outside his door, he had been filled with hope and excitement. He had felt like a teenager (or what he expected it felt like to be a normal teenager).
When John proposed to him he had said that their connection had been so natural, he made it sound almost inevitable. It clearly hadn’t been though. It was the circumstances, the thrill of the chase, curing him of his limp and him murdering the cabbie. John had said that he had been in a grey place when they met and Sherlock had brought the colour to his life. John had woken up with the colour already there, a job, a flat, a family. He didn’t need his detective. Not anymore. Would John grow to love him again? Could Sherlock live with it if he didn’t?
But he had already broken Sherlock’s heart once and he had already tried to have a relationship with him. Yes John was selfish, but he wasn’t selfish enough to play with the other man’s emotions again. To give him hope, when he is so messed up and confused himself. What if he asked for another chance and he was unable to make it work again? Maybe he wasn’t sure if he wanted to marry Mary, but it would give Sherlock the absolute closure he needed. If he thought that John had truly moved on, if they got....divorced, then Sherlock would finally accept the truth and he could move on too. He could find someone else, someone who knew what they wanted and who would love Sherlock the way he deserved. He could then see how things go with Mary and if the engagement doesn’t feel right, he can call it off at a later time. He switched off the shower, he had stayed in so long that the skin on his fingers had wrinkled.
Near the end of the song, John had begun to fidget a little nervously. Sherlock gave him a questioning look, and let out a surprised gasp as he was dipped back slowly, clutching tighter to John to make sure the imbecile didn’t drop him unceremoniously.
John nearly growled as he stabbed the play button on the iPod once more and glared at the detective. “So just show me the steps side by side until I get them, and then I can put them to use and lead you. Please, Sherlock, just humour me.”
With a huff of frustration, John pulled away from their awkward embrace and stomped over to pause the music. “I keep trying to follow your steps, but they’re opposite of mine!”
Sherlock sipped half of his tea before giving a put upon sigh and handing the mug back to John, who grinned beatifically at him.
You’re leading, you need to start with your left foot or you’re going to break Mary’s foot. And mine!”
He was too late. He should have said something during that final call with John, but he’d been trying so hard to make John hate him, to try to spare him from the grief of Sherlock’s suicide by replacing it with anger. He should have known that John, the man who had killed someone for him on only the second day of knowing each other, would never believe that Sherlock was a fraud and would stay faithfully loyal, even in death.
There was a ringing silence as both John and Sherlock realized what John had said, and what it meant for their relationship. Sherlock was the first to snap out of it.
It was two days before the big day. Mary had dropped off Sherlock’s tux the day before, giving him an excited little hug before she left. Sherlock had smiled as well as he could, feeling the shreds of his torn up heart aching more and more with each day.
Sherlock bristled as he moved further into the sitting room, but still not very close to John. “Excuse me, but I seem to remember
“I’m not sure that’s a true statement, John. I could choose to help you, depending on what you’re getting cold feet about.”
Sherlock took a shuddering breath as he gripped John’s upper arms and placed a chaste kiss on his forehead. “I know. And I know I don’t even deserve the consideration you’re giving me, but if you marry her, John…I don’t know that I could bear it.”
John snorted, almost nosing hot tea. Perceptive didn’t even begin to describe his keen-minded toddler. He cleared his throat and took a sip of his tea before setting it aside; this conversation needed his full attention. “Er – yeah, I gathered that.”
Ok, so I didn’t expect to write anymore for this story, but I received a comment that inspired me to continue it, and it looks like I’m still not done. I can’t guarantee any kind of posting schedule for regular updates, but I’ll try to update as soon as my muse decides I can write again. Thanks for all of your kind words, and please let me know what you think of part two!
He made to move towards the bed to embrace John, to kiss him and hear his voice. He was in touching distance of the scratchy hospital blanket covering John’s knees, when he was abruptly pulled back and away from his goal.
Sherlock rolled his eyes “Really John! I said that when I had known you less than a day. I appreciate that you might not want to hear this. You have consistently stated that you are ‘not gay’” Sherlock air quoted, which John did not appreciate. “And you shoot down any notion that we may be a couple.” He sighed “But I cannot let you continue to fixate on Irene Adler and Molly Hooper. How could they compare?”
Greg shook his head, “Well I never thought Sherlock Holmes would tie the knot.....Well unless it was to his advantage or to manipulate someone.”
“Oh and your the reward? A lanky bloke with no social skills and a weird job that nobody has ever heard of, yeah a great catch there mate – what any man would dream of!”
He smiled and clinked their mugs together. “You get that from me.” He joked and Finn laughed. “Although you are using your parents as your example of love, hopefully your relationship won’t follow ours exactly.”
He had been standing in the living room, coat on and ready to go and his curly haired detective hadn’t emerged from the bedroom. A text from Lestrade had come in early morning and John had been woken from a lovely deep sleep by a very excited Sherlock ‘Come on John – it’s got to be at least an 8.’ God knows what had happened in the intervening moments and John was too tired to stand around waiting like an idiot.
John sighed as he glanced over at Sherlock. They were sat in their chairs in Baker Street and his lover was....sad....defeated. The doctor had never seen him like this before.
Sherlock’s hands gripped the other man in retaliation “Don’t”. He responded firmly. He didn’t know what to say but it definitely wasn’t that.
Finn was physically withdrawn, the emotion of the topic clearly getting to him. “It’s funny, that time of my life is something that is a part of me everyday, something that I think about everyday. I’ve learnt to live with it, to move forward and to be happy, but just actually saying things out loud makes the memory as fresh as if it was yesterday.” John reached out to Finn at this and his son gripped his hand in response. The doctor didn’t think an ‘I’m sorry’ would be appropriate somehow.
“Mrs Hudson” he heard Sherlock groan around his shoulder, before he pulled away and turned towards their landlady.
“The only person I have ever been in love with is you.” John’s voice was firm and almost cold, so he could get through to Sherlock. The detective was stunned into silence at this. John took a step closer, determined to get through to his stubborn husband.
He was speechless and he grabbed his hair in frustration. This was it, this was the final straw – the man he knew was gone and all he was left with was this ghost to haunt him. He finally pulled his hands away and stood up straight, looking the other man directly in the eye. With as much determination as he had in his being he finally spat out “You are not my John and you never will be!”
John giggled this time “I don’t know if I am too bothered - it worked out quite well for me.” Sherlock smiled. “You have nothing to worry about though. There is no one else – I will always choose you.”
“And called me Dad.” John could feel a sob coming on “God Sherlock how could I forget that?” He moved his right hand to the side of the other man’s face and stroked the outline of his cheekbone. “How could I forget you?”
The detective had forgotten that or perhaps never fully realised it. Had never fully thought about it, too focused on keeping John safe and if he were honest playing the god damn game. Watching the range of emotions John had gone through that night had been an unwelcome, but necessary dose of reality.
Once again his ordinary doctor had quieted his brain and given him focus. And he was focused, he had left Lestrade in his wake and rushed to the hospital.
“The bags under your eyes indicate lack of sleep, but your cheery disposition indicates this is a good thing.”
“I missed you.” Bloody hell Watson of all things you had to start with that? He quickly continued, looking into his tea and avoiding Sherlock’s face. “I went to your grave and I asked you-“
“Oh so it’s ok for you to loose your head every time The Woman sends me a text message, but if I get upset when you ditch me for your ex then that’s unbelievable.”
Wisps of the dream were floating through his mind, but he couldn’t quite grasp on to them. The arousal coursing through him though certainly confirmed the nature of the dream though. He closed his eyes in frustration, he wished he could remember or at least have finished the dream.
“No! No Sherlock it is you who is being ridiculous.” John had stopped pacing now and was pointing a finger directly at the taller man. “For creating that scene tonight and for letting me believe in the whole charade in the first place.”
“Delicate?” Sherlock queried, he was starting to look worried and confused. “Are you ill?...No not ill you would not have made tea....you would have made me pay attention.” Sherlock started to look at John now, really look at him. He could feel himself being scrutinised by the other man. “You are freshly showered, not unusual, but your fingertips are slightly drier and more wrinkly than usual....meaning you spent longer than needed in there.  You are also failing to hide a blossoming hickey by buttoning your shirt all the way up, suggesting that you had company.”
“There is no easy way to do this Sherlock and I am trying to be as kind as I possibly can be. I’m sorry that-“
And perhaps now was a good time to impart some advice to his brother, just like Mycroft had done to him all those years ago. “This is the only time I will talk to you about this and I will likely barely acknowledge it in future, whatever happens....but if you love Lestrade you should tell him. Your sexcapades have been going on long enough.” He shuddered again, he was still facing the door – god knows he wouldn’t be able to say any of this to his brother’s face. “You never know what’s round the corner or through the next door. If love already has you at a disadvantage, you might as well embrace it for the advantages.”
“And....?” he queried “It’s not like you haven’t seen me naked before, even before we started having sexual intercourse...” John put his head in his hand at this “....and now you have sucked my-“
He had changed his outfit four times, did he try to be suave and cool? Formal with suit and tie? He had settled for wearing what he normally would, jeans and jumper. There was no point in trying to be anything else but himself, he just hoped that that would be enough.
He hadn’t said much of anything yet, but had been very abrupt in entering the crime scene, with barely a word to anyone.
He would remember Lestrade pulling him back and saying “Let them work" and John being swarmed by paramedics.
“It’s ok Dad I have the internet.” Of course he does, so much for trying to protect him from the bad stuff. “That must have been hard for you.”
John smiled at him “I was trying to convince myself I had made the right decision by leaving you. I had started to remember moments, feelings, flashes of memory.”
John’s heart was pumping faster, as his adrenalin built – this was turning into an actual argument. “You have always been mesmerised by Irene Adler and she is obviously obsessed with you.”
Sherlock held John’s eyes, despite the space he had put between them. “I can’t lose you again.” He admitted.
Then Sherlock Holmes had come along. Her dear James had become obsessed with him from the very start. They had played their silly game (although she never would have called it silly in front of him) and nothing else had seemed to matter - not even her.
Finn laughed “Hmm I don’t know I think he is adjusting to this caring for people business, him and Greg are going strong.”
What the hell was going on? Why was he being pulled back? Was something wrong with John, could he not touch him? He looked at John for an answer, as he continued to struggle against his captor. He took time to really ‘see’ him. His look was confused, frown lines formed on his forehead and his face was lacking a smile.  There was the smallest hint of fear behind those blue eyes and Sherlock knew, he just knew.
John was leaning against the kitchen table with his head in his hand and arms crossed over his chest, listening to the siblings bicker. Something clearly snapped in him, because he raised his head, a firm expression on his face and interrupted the man “A child needs love Mycroft and Sherlock and I can give him that. That’s what he needs most.”
We are flashing back to the past again, as Sherlock and John face the challenges of raising a child. Warnings at the end of the chapter
John had kept on glancing over at Sherlock, that look of concern growing as the day wore on. He couldn’t bear it.
Thank you to everyone for the comments and kudos, I am enjoying writing again. We are back in the present with this one and warnings at the end of the chapter.
Sherlock put his tea down, turning towards John and carried on hurriedly. “John you asked for one more miracle and here it is.”
“I think the therapist might be right.” Sherlock had offered and he had felt John’s arm tighten around him, his fingers stroking his shoulder. He had looked up to the other man, finding his tired blue eyes. “Now that we are a family Finn thinks that everything is going to go down hill.”
The other man composed himself as much as he could and flounced into the room. Finn had stopped crying and he could see the curious look on his face at his emotional state. “I am deducing that you have become emotional from the topic of our conversation and my distressed state.” Finn ventured.
John had already seen them as a family and didn’t need a court of law or a piece of paper to prove that. Sherlock could tell however that John was scared that it could be taken away from him at any moment. Every time a case came up, he grilled Sherlock on the details and how safe it was. He was reluctant to leave Finn with Mrs Hudson or Molly, in case the boy wasn’t still there when they came back. He reprimanded Sherlock several times that what he was saying was a bit not good, effectively shutting the detective up. Finn always looked on them curiously in these moments and often questioned why John was behaving this way. John had no answer without baring his soul to a 10 year old, so he had tried to cut back on his mother hen, worry wart tendencies. Once the adoption had become official, the man had physically deflated with relief. He had slept for 48 hours and couldn’t stop smiling for a week. He was happy to let Finn out to meet his friends without asking 100 questions and was making plans for holidays and Christmas, confusing Finn and Sherlock no end to the sudden change.
He turned round to face the other man, who had once again sat himself on the sofa. His eyes were focused on John and the older man could see the bruise he had put there blossoming on that distinctive cheekbone.
Another flashback scene - there are a few warnings in this one and these are at the end of the chapter. Thanks for all the support - as always this is just for fun.
“Well any prospective daughter in law should know that one of her potential father in laws is known as Three Continents Watson.”
Sherlock stared at John, teacup paused between his saucer and his mouth. After a few moments, he blinked and finished the movement of taking a sip of tea. He brought the teacup back in place and regained his composure. His left hand came up in a flourish and John rolled his eyes at the extravagant motion. “Whether you were there or not is irrelevant.” John always liked to feel wanted “We both know it will happen eventually, so why bother delaying the inevitable? You were getting wistful over tea not five minutes ago.”
He looked once again at his disheartened partner and put the tea he had been holding down on the side table. He coughed and looked down at his feet. Sherlock glanced over in disinterest. “We could adopt him.” John finally said.
“I don’t want that.” John said firmly. “I don’t want you or our life to be normal. I didn’t fall in love with a normal person Sherlock and neither did you. Finn isn’t normal either and I don’t want him to grow up feeling like he has to be. I want him to find his own path, be completely himself. I want you to be that too.”
John was panting and a big grin was adorning his face. His head fell back against the wall that was currently keeping him upright and he closed his eyes, trying to slow his heartbeat down.
Sherlock shuddered at the word and he could see Mycroft’s delight at his expense. “I was referring to you, my nephew and despite my best efforts your husband,” He paused for effect “who is now out of surgery.”
Back in the present for this chapter. As ever this is just for fun and thank you for all the comments and kudos! Warnings at the end of the chapter.
Finn stood and handed the Belstaff back to his father “He’s alive Dad, he’s alive – that’s the first step.”
John tried not to let his anger rise at Sherlock’s comments. “I can’t just waltz back in here Sherlock. I need to adjust to the fact that you are alive, sat across from me being your usual charming self.” John couldn’t help adding. More calmly he continued “We need an opportunity to get back to ‘normal’.”
Sherlock let go of his shoulder and patted him on the back, before he turned back to the tea and Finn moved towards the stairs.
Another chapter in quick succession! I wrote this scene a long time ago, as it is pivitol to the story and I couldn't resist posting it straight away. Remember there is a happy ending!
The case was a mediocre 5 and did little to distract Sherlock from his disastrous attempt at a proposal. Why would John ever say yes if he couldn’t ask him properly?
Sherlock was not dead. His best friend was back in 221B with his arm around John. And despite his brain’s logical protests, John followed his own heart in putting his arms awkwardly around the other man, in the world’s most uncomfortable hug ever. But John didn’t care.
Sherlock closed his eyes in resignation – how could he forget? John had been talking about him, about them. He finally turned round with their tea and joined his son at the table. “Well one of us has to.” He pointed out.
Finn had suggested they meet at a coffee shop local to his halls, after his last class of the day. He saw him now striding across the road, towards where John was waiting, he was grimacing in the rain with no umbrella or hood in sight.
“When you have eliminated the impossible whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.” John whispered jokingly, Finn chuckled through his tears at the reference, and John looked over to Sherlock, who rolled his eyes.
Sherlock groaned and pushed his thigh between John’s legs, giving the doctor something to rub against. He let out a groan of his own, pulling his lips away to let out the noise. Sherlock’s mouth moved to his neck and John was lost in his arousal.
What followed had been the best years of Mary’s life since James' death. She had revelled in Sherlock’s misery, as he had watched his husband disappear before his eyes. John Watson could no longer remember Sherlock Holmes. What better torture than that? It had been brilliant, it had been exquisite and it had been all because of her. James would be so proud, she knew it.
Sorry there was a bit of a delay with this one. This takes place about a month after Sherlock returns from the dead. I refer to events from The Empty Hearse, so if you haven't seen that this might not make sense. Again I am exploring how things may have gone, if Mary wasn't around. Thank you for the kudos and comments, they mean a lot and keep me going. Warnings and more notes at the end of the chapter
John tried to steady his beating heart. Was this actually happening? He would always look back at this moment as the one that changed Sherlock and him forever. It also scared him to think that they could have easily not had this conversation. They could have continued being ‘friends’, not exploring or admitting how they really felt.
“I apologise” he heard quietly from behind him. “I am sorry” Sherlock continued and John closed his eyes in resignation. He could hear the pain in Sherlock’s voice.
No warnings on this one, except maybe the misuse of a Bunsen burner. Let me know if I do need to highlight anything else.
His eyes found their way to his wedding ring again and he screwed his eyes up in frustration – his useless, inanimate brain was running round in circles.
“John. If…you have to choose, and it’s not going to be me, then don’t ruin your relationship with Mary. If you think for even one second that you still want to marry her, do it. I can’t bear to be the reason you lose her if it’s not me you want,” Sherlock implored. He could not handle it if John risked his happiness on a chance with him. Sherlock wasn’t really relationship material, it wasn’t exactly his area, but he was willing to try for John.
There was nothing chaste about the kiss now, nothing innocent, though it still felt sweet. At some point, Sherlock had wrapped both of his arms around John’s waist and he used this advantage to pull John closer so that there was no space between them at all. Chest, hips, knees all pressed together as strong, sturdy hands continued to thread through Sherlock’s curls.
“Sorry to stop by so late, but I figured you wouldn’t mind since you never actually sleep like a normal human being.”
John’s eyes were full of tears as he brushed at the wetness with an annoyed swipe of his palm across his cheeks. “I know. I know I fucked up, Sherlock, but I don’t know what to
“Er – Rosie, love, why do you ask?” John couldn’t think of a time Rosie would have seen Sherlock in a situation where she would perceive him as ‘gay’. Never mind that John had been wondering that same thing himself since the moment he had met the mad detective.
John and Rosie had been watching television a few nights previous while Sherlock was at Bart’s lab working on a case, when an advert for a department store had featured a gay couple. Rosie had asked John why the two men were holding hands, and in the interest of full disclosure, John had said that they were gay and in a relationship together. He then further explained that being ‘gay’ meant that a person of one gender was attracted to people of that same gender. Of course, that was a more than far oversimplified explanation, but she was five, and any more detail would have gone in one ear and out the other. She seemed to understand the basic concept nonetheless, and John was glad that that hurdle was over and had taken place in the privacy of their home instead of at a busy shopping centre.
“I’m endeavouring to,” Sherlock snapped as he rewound the song back to the beginning. “Ok, stand next to me and just watch me, then. Watch my feet at first, but the rest of me as well. Dancing is not just about footwork. If you only move your feet, you’re going to look like an automaton.”
The silence felt suffocating as Sherlock waited for John to quickly snatch away from him, uncomfortable and embarrassed. From the moment Mike Stamford had brought John into Bart’s, every single interaction had been intense between them. There were so many words unspoken, so many things that Sherlock had never admitted and just shoved into a vault in his Mind Palace that was dedicated to John and Sentiment. They seemed to go hand in hand for him.
– from pouring out in waves. It flooded every room of his Mind Palace, drowned all reasoning and logic and lodged in his throat until his eyes burned.
Sherlock had never entertained the idea of getting married. As a child all he had cared about was besting Mycroft. Their parents, although very loving and in a very happy marriage, had never subscribed to the usual fairytales. Instead Sherlock had read encyclopedias and dissected frogs instead of kissing them. As puberty hit he watched the other boys talk about girls (and boys) with vulgar words and motions. He had observed from a distance, never being part of a social circle to join in and not having much of an interest to try. As he got older he did start to feel certain urges, but by then he had started to see his body as transport and didn’t care to explore them.
Sherlock joined him not long afterwards, his Belstaff gone and replaced with his distinctive dressing gown. He faced him, with his legs elegantly crossed, teacup balanced delicately on his left knee. He was gorgeous like this, John couldn’t stop staring at those long legs.
Sherlock nodded and stood rigid. John could tell he was just about holding it together. “Come here” John said, voice full of emotion. Sherlock shook his head and looked away, as John moved closer and reached for him.
Warnings for this chapter: hints of suicide, hospital scenes, description of car accident, mentions of blood and stabbing.
“No!” he was hyperventilating now, he pushed past Sherlock and stood up. He started to pace “No! No, no, no bloody buggering fuck!”
A feeling of emptiness and sadness swept through him, as he made his way out of Baker Street. He swallowed back tears and reassured himself that he had done the right thing.
John’s eyes widened dramatically and his eyebrows reached his hairline. The detective kissed him, with his arms on the blonde’s shoulders and his hands in his hair. John’s hands found his hips. “You’re still naked” he murmured.
“Hmmm....but you were hopelessly in love with me then. What’s your excuse now for the sentimental conversation?” He joked and that earned him a slap on the arm and a giggle. He grinned back at her and the tension eased a little. “Is that why you bribed me here with something ‘very interesting’, so you could finally confess your undying love to me? With John out of the picture I would undoubtedly fall straight into your arms and we would live happily ever after?” He plastered a fake smile on his face to cover up the pain that sentence gave him.
Sherlock was indignant for about another 30 seconds, before he felt a smirk on his face and his own laugh bubble out. Soon both of them were in a full giggle fit, tears starting to seep out there eyes. “Roses, Sherlock really?”
“God, you are the most infuriating man!” John finally managed to get his words out. “If you had just listened to me the first time or at least try again a second time-“
Simple? When had Sherlock ever been good at that? He had flounced away from his laptop (using his own for once, so John didn’t see the search history) in defeat and had flopped onto the sofa in a strop. John had found him in the same spot later that day and had left him to his mood, pottering about in the kitchen making tea.
And now Sherlock was running, as if his life depended on it......and maybe it did. His Belstaff was flying behind him and his long legs were striding as fast as he could make them.
But Sherlock seemed oblivious to his son's discomfort and embarrassment. “Her name is Irene Adler and we have always had a very special relationship.” The detective seemed smug about this woman, but the name had sent John reeling and suddenly he remembered snippets of a conversation...
“My dear doctor, we have been courting each other since the day we met.” John face became full of confusion at this. Sherlock moved his hands down the other man’s neck, fluttering along the tendons there. “I took you for a candlelit dinner.”
There was silence for a while, Sherlock was back to the overwhelming numbness he had experienced after the days of John’s accident. Finn was the only thing that had kept him focused then and the need to protect his son was starting to bring him out of the fog.
John sighed and looked at the ground. “You were much younger, maybe not long after Sherlock and I adopted you. You had had a bad dream and I had come up to your room to hopefully ease you back to sleep. I have a feeling that the nightmare was related to something that had happened in your past, before you met us.” John looked at Finn, who held his gaze and nodded. John felt the same protective feeling he had felt then wash over him. He would do everything within his power to make sure his boy was safe and happy. “I was hugging you to my chest. I think you had been crying and I asked you what had happened in your dream. I suggested that maybe if we talked about it, it wouldn’t be as scary.” John lost his words at this; the memory felt so vivid.
That was an emotional punch to the gut, he had described love that way to his son years ago. And John had said...“And together you don’t complete each other, but are a better two?” he quipped towards the kettle, as he carried on making their tea. “You could survive without her, but you don’t want to?”
Warnings for mentions of human trafficking, drug use and a difficult childhood. Discussion of childhood demons and social work.
He was focusing on the feeling of John’s pulse under his fingertips and his own heartbeat pounding against John’s ear. If he didn’t, he thought he might fall apart. Had John really said those words? Did he really remember? Sherlock was just so happy to have him back in his arms that he didn’t want to break the moment with silly questions. If he had misunderstood, he wanted to live in this moment for a little longer.
“You said that already.” The other man pointed out. He continued gently “Tell me what you are thinking.”
Finn stood up and John thought he was going to leave, but Finn turned, as he dragged his hands through his unruly mop of hair. “I’m not going to lie.” He started. “If Dad deduces something or asks me a question, I’m not going to lie.” He was confident and firm, his own version of the Dr Watson voice.
She had heard them murmuring, giggling.....kissing. She hated them. She had had to get out of there though, she couldn’t be found by them or her plan would have been ruined. The new game would have been over before Sherlock had even had chance to play.
He had been so excited to see John again and relieved to finally tell him the truth. No more lies, no more secrets and he could get his grumpy, lovable flatmate back. He had been almost bouncing with anticipation. Unfortunately their reunion hadn’t gone to plan and, as the blood from his nose had been running down his face, he had suspected he maybe had done something a bit not good.
“Do wonders never cease?” John quipped “Sherlock Holmes making tea. Well uncontaminated tea at least.”
“Deadly” John snapped viciously. Sherlock’s face must have paled, because John closed his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose, the anger draining from his body. “I need time Sherlock...I’m not like you, my body isn’t merely transport and I’m ruled by my emotions, I can’t just go back to ‘normal’” There were those air quotes again.
No, no, no Sherlock thought. John was early, he wasn’t ready. He had meant to meet John at the door. Maybe blindfold him, make a big show of it, make it a surprise.
John felt for 10 year old Finn, feeling like he had to prove something, prove himself. "So how did we meet?"
Sherlock half smiled that’s one way to break the ice. “He actually believes I will be there? Let’s hope he jumps.”
One thing he was sure of was that he had never been more in love with the man in that moment. The near-death experience may have helped, but John knew it was more that that....bigger than that.
Thanks for all the support for this fic, we are nearly at the end everyone! Warnings at the end of the chapter. As ever this is just for fun!
He must have looked quite a sight. His distinctive curls were stuck to his forehead with sweat and the look of sheer determination on his face would put fear in anyone.
Finn finally looked back at him and said “She makes the ordinary extraordinary.” There was a beat of silence and then it was the detective’s turn to look away.
He splashed water on his face and looked at his reflection in the mirror. Who is John Watson? The doctor still hadn’t been able to figure that out and these dreams were not helping matters.
“How could you think I would do that?” John finally whispered loudly – his anger still simmering under the surface.
“You ok?” he heard in the periphery of his thoughts. He looked down at John, who was still wrapped around him. “I’ve been trying to get your attention for a while.”
Another update - I was feeling inspired, so I thought I would take advantage of the feeling. This is the last flashback scene! We go back to the day that John got hurt from Sherlock's point of view. Thank you for the comments, kudos and sticking with me this far. There are a few warnings at the end of the chapter. As ever this is just for fun!
This confirmation that their family was real had had a big effect on all three of them, in different ways.
Finn pulled him into an awkward hug. “I love you too Uncle Myc”. He nodded at the other two occupants of the room and dived out to find his wayward parent.
woman caused him great emotional turmoil. He finally looked at Sherlock and was sure that that turmoil was written over his face. “Are you seeing her?”
First she would witness the joy of John instigating and finalising the divorce with Sherlock and then once they were married (and she had lauded that over the detective for a while), she was going to kill John Watson. And she would make sure Sherlock Holmes was there to see it and that he knew it was all his fault.
“The bags under your eyes indicate lack of sleep, but your disposition indicates this is a good thing.”
They had arranged for John to come over and the duo would likely order takeaway and bicker over bad telly. John was looking forward to it, once the other man showed his face.
The detective himself had been confident that the process would be a success. Well in so much that he had every faith that John could pull it off and would make sure that he would too. What had been gnawing at him was that Finn would decide that this wasn’t his forever home. There had been a whole workshop and intense counselling session on the very possibility and it had hit Sherlock harder than he thought it would.
“I like your jumper.” Finn interrupted. His voice was strong and confident, but he gulped and looked up at Sherlock after he said it.
A blush reached the other man’s famous cheekbones “You must know this by now, surely. I gatecrash your dates, monopolise your time and jump off roofs to keep you alive.”
Sherlock had told him about how he had been reacquainting himself with the city, he had been quite poetic – talking about heartbeats and breathing it back in. He had also talked about the cases he had solved since his return. The excitement and passion had shone through his eyes. John had been keeping an eye on what the detective had been up to (there had been a media explosion once his return from the dead had been made public), but it had still been something to hear it from the horse’s mouth.
“Finn” the older man stopped his son’s  journey. Would there be any part of this that wouldn’t rip out Sherlock’s heart? Finn was looking at him confused. “Your father’s bag needs to go upstairs.”
His lack of reaction must have registered, as a look of concern covered John’s features. “A nightmare based in reality” he elaborated, when he finally found his voice.
He turned to face the other man and John stepped back. “Your husband.” He said, because, even though he wasn’t the man he had known, John had never been stupid (despite what Sherlock thought sometimes).
Finn’s coffee arrived, cream and syrup slathered on the top. “You would usually be able to pick up on a change in my...demeanour. You could tell if I was happier or quieter and Dad would deduce the rest. You two make a formidable team, no teenager would be able to keep a secret from you two, believe me I’ve tried.”
The detective looked affronted and stood up to stand by John, towering over his frame. “Smaller dogs can just be as dangerous as bigger ones.”
He saw John rolling his eyes “Never mind that right now Sherlock, it’s not important. Come and join your son and your husband and focus on the importance of that for a moment.”
He groaned again and rubbed his hands over his face. How does one rebuild a friendship when so much has happened?
Wow can't believe I am finally posting this chapter. We have come full circle and you will find dialogue from the prologue here. Thank you as ever for all the feedback. As always this is just for fun! Warnings at the end of the chapter.
“I never doubted you loved me.” John replied vehemently “But we have been together a while now, things can change, love can change. And you were acting strange, more distant than usual and then you asked me about romancing a woman.” Sherlock gaped at him in disbelief. “Then today you looked....devastated when I walked into the flat. I was home early and I wondered if I had interrupted-“
John felt cold dread sweep through him, he was avoiding Mary. He convinced himself that he just needed time to process things, to find his energy and then maybe they could talk about getting married with a clear head.
He could feel Sherlock’s hardness pressed against him and his own was definitely making itself known. He could also feel the tags between them, the metal getting warmer by the minute.
Now that Sherlock and John are finally together, the detective wants his doctor to move back in to Baker Street.
The detective pulled a face and did a whole body shake “Ugh please don’t remind me.” Finn giggled and Sherlock was glad that the tension had eased away from his son.
When he had faked his death, leaving John had been harder than expected (and he had thought it was going to be fairly difficult). Standing on top of that roof and seeing the worry, disbelief and despair on John’s face had been....disconcerting.
John self realisation had made him accept that he needed a new therapist, but also that he wasn’t invincible and he needed to stop being selfish.
Now however there was an uncomfortable silence at the table, as they organised the Thai takeaway between them. Rachel seemed nervous too, but in theory he should be the one putting her at ease. He was the ‘grown up' after all and he was in theory hosting (it was at his estranged husband’s house, but still).  He was however out of his depth and didn’t know how to act or what to say. He was still trying to build a relationship with Finn and adjust to being a father – how did he tackle getting in the girlfriend’s good books?
Sherlock giggled, John had never seen him so carefree. “Sometimes we just couldn’t help ourselves.” His blush reached the top of those ridiculously high cheekbones and John traced it with his finger. He was beautiful.
Sherlock was bouncing a ball of elastic bands off the lab wall, not quite a squash ball, but he wasn’t planning on faking his own death today. He was sat on the floor in Molly’s lab at Bart’s, Belstaff off and shirt sleeves rolled up, bouncing the ball off the opposite wall.
“I have no doubts.” John reassured him with a whisper in his ear. “As long as you don’t leave me for some crazy dominatrix, we’ll be fine.”
“So I had resigned myself to loving him and keeping it to myself; making the most of what I had. I didn’t want to lose him completely and, as you know, the way my feelings eventually did come to the surface was out of frustration more than anything else.” Finn nodded in recognition and Sherlock continued.
It was a bit breezy, the wind ruffling John’s grey hair. The park was moderately busy for a Thursday afternoon and there had been a natural lull in conversation.
“You would have married someone else and I would have done something a bit not good and been sent somewhere where no one could find me –“
Of course Sherlock knew that name – why wouldn’t he? “Bloody hell Sherlock that’s a low blow and you’re the one that’s got a blooming dominatrix moaning on your phone!”
He must have been sat in his own little world for a while, as he has broken out of his reverie by a hand on his shoulder and a kiss on his forehead.
Finn sighed “Is he worried?” At John’s frown, he continued “Since...” he gestured to John. “He’s been asking how serious it is, how I feel about her, whether I really want to tie myself down. I think he’s trying to save me from heartbreak.”
Sherlock held him like he would never let go. He had never had chance to just hold the other man. Does he get to do that now, just hold John whenever he wants to? He had never sought human contact before. He had had sexual encounters before, mainly in a drug induced haze or for a case. He had never had any sort of emotional attachment to it, he saw sex like food or sleep – just another requirement for his transport. But with John he had had urges to....hold him in the past. His hands, arms, head – his body. Especially when a bomb had been ripped safely off it or when he was stood over an empty grave, mourning a man that wasn’t dead.
The younger man broke at this and turned to his Dad’s shoulder to sob. He hiccupped out some words “You....were...meant....invincible...” Sherlock’s heart broke at Finn’s words, perhaps his little boy was still in there somewhere. “Tell me how it happened.” Finn begged.
Before the detective could answer, his phone rang and he leapt for it like it was a lifeline. Lestrade was on the other end and he jumped at the chance to escape this awful situation.
John sighed. “If you had told me when I came back from Afghanistan that this would be my life, I would never have believed you. That I would be happy chasing around an eccentric detective, who insulted me on a regular basis. That I would marry this man and have a child with him. That our wedding would be shadowed by a case, our lives dictated by dead bodies. I would have laughed and called you crazy....
