“So, it sounds like the meeting with T’challa went well then” Steve says while blowing on his earl grey to cool it down once he’s finished his bagel off.
“You really are oblivious aren’t you?”
“Do you always have to be a pain in the ass?” Sam jumps in, a smile on his face.
“STEVE HAS A CRUSH ON STARK!” Peter squeals, unable to contain the secret he has just stumbled upon. A variety of facial expressions follow Peter’s outburst.
“Good thing I was inspired by your cause. Here is a list.” Clint hands Peter a scrunched up piece of paper and then starts whistling Party in the USA, heading towards Fisk’s office.
“It’s not just me that thinks that though Steve,” Peter argues “Everyone at the company talks about how you haven’t been treated fairly for the last couple of years. Steve, you do ten times more work than almost anyone at Marvels. Hell, you do almost as much as Stark himself and he’s the definition of married to his work!”Peter rants watching Steve’s forehead furrow but not being dissuaded.
“Thanks for always keeping me humble” Peter throws a peanut at the man sitting across from him.
“Maybe not but I’m really good at you’re fired decisions, if you catch my drift,” Tony says back pointedly.
“It might.” Sam defends, waving his arms dramatically in the air. “Peter could find someone that Steve doesn’t realise is perfect for him because Steve only sees himself as that scrawny teenage boy that hasn’t been through a growth spurt yet. Then this miraculous person will teach Steve to slowly accept that he is much more than that dweeb he once was and he’ll come to realise he deserves happiness and it could all end up working out really well.”
“He’s right, Stark. Whoever this is for should love any of these rings. Maybe if you told me who they were-” says a deep melodic voice Peter knows he hasn’t heard before.
“I don’t know how everything went so wrong. My list of suggestion were a stroke of genius.”
Could he have put his foot any further into his mouth? What guy wants to be accused of being desperately single by the new kid from their workplace? I am such an idiot, Peter thinks pathetically, wanting to slam his face into the table.
As Peter reaches the table Logan gets up to snag a beer off Luke so Peter slides into his spot beside Steve. The blonde doesn’t notice as he is staring off at something on the other side of the room. Peter nudges him a little with his shoulder to get his attention.
The pair are now looking at Peter as if he’s speaking another language.
Peter knows Bucky and Sam were just trying to make sure Peter has the opportunity to get Steve hooked up but he still can’t help but feel relieved. Peter certainly needs the help so he agrees immediately.
Peter finally turns to his two mentors and can barely contain himself as he meets their gaze, his heart melting with happiness. The couple are looking at him with such praise and approval in their eyes that he finds himself grinning from ear to ear as he stares back. He mouths a silently thank you to both of them, knowing they will get what he means.
Jones bounces in her seat “I even overheard Jessica saying she went by Stark’s house this weekend. They have to be at least exploring some kind of relationship to be spending that much time together. Stark is meant to be making some sort of announcement at his birthday celebration and I just know it’s going to be about him and Jess.”
Steve stops and looks across with a raised eyebrow. “Luke’s photographer friend? Super chill? Eyebrow and nipple piercing? Yeah, not ready for that right now.” And then he continues down the hallway. Peter couldn’t help but snort at the abruptness of it all. Unfortunetly, the snort is loud and ends up drawing everyone to notice he was in the room.
“W.o.w, someone has some attitude today.” Sam banters “.....wait isn’t that Luke’s food?”
Jones’ face goes a little white and her mouth dropped open.
Clint looks down at his tie-dye tee miserably “Laundry day.”
Peter watches Luke’s eyes cross as if it will help him think through the alcohol clouding his brain. Peter isn’t sure whether he is seriously considering Mr Stark’s proposal but- “I’ll give you a dollar.” Ah, not seriously then.
Out of the corner of his eye, he notices Tony patting his pants carefully. The patting becomes more frantic as the boss’s eyes widen in panic.
It gets to the end of the workday and Peter has spent most of it mulling over who Steve’s perfect match would be. Unfortunately, he hasn’t had a lot of luck thinking up an answer but Peter refuses to accept defeat. It’s only been one day, surely inspiration will strike.
“Get out of here and go torture Steve for a little while.” she pushes Peter over in the direction of the booth where Steve was sitting chatting to Logan.
“Getting ahead of yourself with the babies, Peter. You don’t even know if that’s something Steve wants.” Luke points out. Peter notices he doesn’t disagree with the rest of his rant though so figures that Luke also agrees with him. He gives himself a well-deserved pat on the back for being the mastermind who figured all this out.
They watch the ambulance pull away and Peter finally slumps over to Luke and Jones, falling into both their sides and allowing himself to finally feel the emotional roller coaster he had just been through. Both Luke and Jones rub his back, letting him use them as support as his body starts to shake like a leaf.
As Peter identifies that it’s Steve and Happy coming towards them, he cottons on to what Tony is doing.
Peter leaves through the door, chuckling to himself as he wraps his head around this challenge he just agreed to.
Peter sends a message to Pepper for Clint asking her to come okay the look for him.
“I wish you had let me know about how he was treating you though. Maybe next time think twice about letting the office gossip talk you into playing match maker and distracting you from a situation that’s going south.” Steve voices with a pointed expression.
Once Peter had gotten to the meeting however, Mr Stark had done none of the antics he had originally promised or at least hadn’t managed to yet anyway.
“I’m sorry, Steve. But I don’t plan on doing this without you by my side….. I really didn’t love it when a bullet went through your chest.”
Peter pinches the bridge of his nose. He needs to stop watching hallmark movies at 4 am once this is all over.
“I’m not yelling Tony. I’m just saying that this has gone far enough. I know you think you have everything handled but people are now getting hurt. It’s time to take some direct action.”
“Heathens. The lot of you.” Tony crosses his arms but his smiles seems to lit up further. Tony then sees Steve has dropped frosting sugar from one of the pastries the blonde’s eating on his jacket. The boss reaches across and carefully brushes the sugar away. “Cmere, let me fix that.”
“Dunno Luke. Knowing Clint he’d probably just want to know what your answer was.” Peter points out. Luke sighs, his hand making a motion to indicate his agreement.
Bucky visibly gags “Ew, that’s like asking someone why they aren’t dating their brother. Besides Steve has nothing up against this one.” He indicates to the man standing beside him.
Luke looks like a rabbit in the headlights. His emotions going from offended to interested to superstitious to cycling back to offended again. Peter can tell he wants to avoid implying about his or Jones sex lives but is also struggling to deny her statement.
“Steve” Pepper calls, as she gestures him to come over. The blonde does and she pulls him into a hug. “The sketch is fantastic. You’ve really outdone yourself this time. T’challa come over and see it.”
“That is, if you ignore the drool I sometimes wake up to in the morning on my shoulder, the jury is still out on that front.” Tony continues with a smirk, still trying to get a rise out of the blonde next to him.
Peter tries to make a coherent sentence but what comes out is something like “I’ve run out of things to.. to say. No go- good material left”
“Where the heck did you come from? I didn’t even hear you walk up to me.”
“If Steve is such a catch, why didn’t you end up dating him?” Peter taunts.
“Alright, quiet down Mr E Harmony. Don’t you remember my advice on accepting Clint’s help?” Luke says, poking Peter in his side. Peter watches the finger and notes that he can hardly feel it.
“Trying to solve the mystery that is Steve’s lack of love life?” Jess says, smiling knowingly. Steve's so wrapped up in proving his point to Mr Stark he doesn’t even respond to the use of his name.
“Hey Homegrown, how long a lunch break are you going to have? I have a paper I need you to get done.” Mr Stark saunters over a coffee in one hand and a plate with three donuts in the other. There’s a mischievous glint in his eye directed at the blonde sitting across from Peter.
Tears start to form in his eyes as he feels himself panic. Steve must be so mad at him right now.
“Please, it’s an improvement on what you have on. Why are you wearing that?”
Jess starts to reply but stops, her attention turning sharply back on the screen.
“No way! I think you’d find people saying I’m the lucky one in this relationship.” Tony says, his voice firm.
“I don’t understand. There’s no rule against work place relationships at Marvels and I doubt anyone would have objected.”
“Platypus, I could still ask Thor. Don’t think I won’t.”
“Yeah? There’s only so much further we can go. You want me to run my hand through your tangled hair and kiss you hard and heavy in front of the whole company do you?”
However, he sneaks one glance back at the couple on the way out and sees Tony shuffle forward into Steve’s personal space. The boss’s right hand is clutching around a velvet box that is hidden behind his back. As Tony leans forward the blonde looks up lovingly, surging up to have their lips met half way all the while none the wiser to the surprise ahead of him.
“Excuse me?”
“And why isn’t he here currently? This is the fifth time this week Tony.” Pepper hisses.
Peter is confused. He had seen Jess and Mr Stark hanging out today at lunch but it hadn’t occurred to him that they were on a date. They did seem to be having a great time in each others company though and there had been that look Stark had shared with Jess in that meeting this morning now that he thought about it.
“as I said before thank you again everyone for coming tonight.” Tony was standing tall with a glass of sparkling in his hand, looking out proudly at the gathering in front of him while Pepper is standing off to the side and eyeing him as if bracing for impact. “I’m grateful to have come in contact with each and everyone of you. Especially the amazing people I’m lucky enough to have as employees. You’ve made this transition after my father’s passing alot easier. And though I’ve never needed anyone to help me build this company, being lucky enough to have you all here has been the greatest privilege.”
“The Bubonic Plague.”
“Throwing stereotypes and glib jokes at the Toronto offices is not actually going to help things. Stop trying to distract me, and call off this ridiculous suit so I can run your company!” Tony halted midway through a kind of twirling motion and stuck his finger out at Pepper.
It was not so very far at all from where he and Tony may have gotten, if they’d had just a little more time.
“I needed…that is, I just wanted to check in and see if you were alright.” Bucky’s narrowed gaze suggested very strongly that if Steve used this opportunity to avoid or otherwise reject Tony too thoroughly it would not end well for him. And he didn’t really want to push the other man away at all; how often had he been the one chasing after Tony following a mission gone wrong, trying to find an impossible balance between respecting his autonomy and wanting, needing, to ensure his safety and wellness? It was flattering to have Tony doing the same for him. But Dr. Dolan had also told Steve more than once that to be clear was to be kind. So he stood up and smiled even as he deliberately put some physical distance between them by heading for the kitchen.
He and Natasha had enlisted JARVIS as a somewhat reluctant recruit, but as the AI had explained, he had limits.
And then Clint sank, jerky and unsteady, to his right knee. Before her brain could even begin to process that,  T’Challa, a King who knelt to no one, followed. (The cry she’d heard. No. No.) Unwillingly, her eyes began to seek out the absences rather than the presences, but it was not a long search. It didn’t need to be, not when Steve crashed to his knees with painful finality, like he never intended to stand again.
“Dunno.”
Captain America was rather the least of Pepper’s worries, but the real source of her anxiety wasn’t exactly something she could share with one of the Tower guards, so she nodded in what she hoped came across like a commiserating way.
“But you are. So you know what you have to do, and that’s what’s important.”
“What the—have you been here the whole time?” With all the grace she hadn’t been able to muster just seconds before, Natasha stood in a single fluid motion, surveying him slowly. He could imagine everything her keen, overtrained gaze would pick up on (hasn’t showered, barely eaten, red-rimmed eyes, intermittent tremors in the left hand), and it made him want to retreat back to where he’d come from. “Stop it.” (He hoped it sounded like a demand; in truth, it was a plea.)
“Great to see you, Tony, but get outta the way! I don’t trust myself to bank very smoothly here, and I’m supposed to be targeting Thor,” a modulated voice that Tony instantly recognized as decidedly
It was childish, but he closed his eyes before Pepper entered into his field of vision. It didn’t help. She still invaded all of his senses—he heard the warm affection in her voice as she greeted the bots, felt the air around him shift as it was displaced by her movements, smelled the faint scent of her perfume, something lingering and fruity today—but he kept his eyes screwed shut anyway. There was a rustle of fabric (taking off her suit jacket, probably), and then another swish of air, closer this time, that meant she was probably sitting on the floor right in front of him.
“Want to come sit with me? The other Tony made the interface simple enough that I could make changes to the obstacle course on the fly, but I’m sure you’d be able to make it a lot more challenging for them. If you’re interested.” And hell, anything was better than just staring at Barnes and wondering about trigger words and forgiveness and ignorance.
As he watched the rise and fall of this Tony’s chest somewhere around hour ten, Steve realized that he was fairly sure the pattern was slightly different from his predecessor’s, but he couldn’t quite put a finger on how. Had the other Tony’s breathing been slower, maybe, or smoother? He couldn’t quite remember anymore. And that hurt; it scraped, and gnawed and tore at his insides, because it was horrible and because it was freeing. He’d held himself prisoner to his memories for so very long that he hadn’t even been able to really see the version of Tony he now held in his arms for who he was. (Just now, though….just now he was all Steve could see, like a mural that covered even the ceilings in exquisite, encompassing detail.)
Tony spent most of his time living in the remains of someone else’s life. He slept in someone else’s bed, wore his clothes, dated his partners, and none of it had felt half as eerie as being back in the Malibu house. There were minor differences from his own version, just as there were in the Tower, but for the most part it was exactly how he remembered it, right down to the cantilevered staircase and the waterfall everyone had warned him would be too ostentatious. (It was, and he still adored it.)
As we enter that home stretch, I continue to love, value and appreciate all of your comments, kudos, and questions. Please keep them coming when and if you are able, and feel free to let me know, too, if there's anything you're especially eager or interested in seeing before the conclusion.
He stormed his way into Steve’s room first. The EDITH glasses sat on top of the nightstand, which meant someone had actually convinced Steve to leave them off his person for more than a minute or two. At any other time, Peter would have stopped to marvel at this fact alone. Now he merely cast them a bitter glare before throwing open the doors to Steve’s closet.
“You. You’re exactly what I need, actually. Muffins in exchange for an assist, Cap?” Steve gulped, hand nearly tearing through the cardboard carton of orange juice he’d just picked up. (
“You are in fact one of the richest men in America, yes? Go get some. Or have someone buy some for you.”
“Might we return to our original topic? Unless I am much mistaken I do not believe you were about to refuse our advances altogether, my friend, and I confess that I would very much like to hear more about your concerns so we might make plans to alleviate them.”
Tony thought back on the last…god, had it really been almost an hour that he’d sat here, agonizing? Needlessly, apparently, since Coulson had only been waiting on Tony to admit that he couldn’t complete the work he’d assigned, not without assistance.
James H. Moor.
As she spoke, Pepper was fiddling with an SI-branded coaster on the table. Pepper was not a fidgeter. She usually had a stillness to her that Tony could only admire and accept that he would never be able to emulate.
“He shouldn’t have been alone.” Natasha herself had seemed surprised by her words, and the fierceness of the outburst; given that it was the first time Coulson had ever seen any kind of emotion creep through when Natasha was in mission-mode, he couldn’t blame her. But it left Phil feeling warm and satisfied to see such concrete evidence that Natasha was growing attached to Tony, protective even.
Rhodes watched the entire exchange with an inscrutable expression that Steve suspected covered a thought process very nearly as complex and multi-layered as Tony’s.
in here after he died? He wasn’t sure which option was more horrifying. But it was also he and Coulson (notdeadnotneadnotdead) in the shop together. With a project. After the whole palladium-poisoning issue he’d always meant to get his version of the guy down in the workshop; Coulson’s wickedly dry sense of humour had seemed a promising indication of a creative and complex mind. But they’d never gotten the chance. “And yes, we’re aware of the problem. The army just got a new contractor, and they’re trying to work around the very specific conditions you—err, the other Tony—left in his will. He’s not allowed to touch any of the proprietary Stark Tech in the suit, but since the original guns were made by Justin Hammer, he’s arguing all the accessories are fair game. Our best intelligence suggests that he’s actually trying to make the weapons faulty enough to cause minor damage the suit.”
Silence blanketed the shop. Tony paced, while Barnes remained stock-still. After half a minute, the wood at the corner of the bench Barnes was still gripping split under the pressure. Butterfingers chirped in alarm, then began seeking out a broom, which Barnes seized from her when she made to clean up the block of splintered wood that had fallen to floor. (At least, the wood that wasn’t embedded in the flesh of Barnes’ palm from the look of things.)
The solitude, which he’d spent so much of his time here wishing for, was oddly disconcerting. He should have seen it coming, though, really; the team had lives to get back to, lives they were used to living without Tony. And it wasn’t like he’d been particularly useful to any of them after the whole…breakdown thing. They’d seemed patient and understanding about it, telling him not to worry that he’d fallen behind on his D/s ‘education.’ They’d appeared perfectly happy to watch television or play games with Tony, or even just sit quietly next to him while he read, but eventually the shine of his resemblance to Mark II was always going to wear off.
The explanation made sense, and Tony was with it enough to know that, but being on the receiving end of such a strong dose of reality made him miss the weightless feeling he’d woken with all the more. Bruce smiled a little sadly at him as he finished up his checks.
It was odd enough to witness with his own eyes just how comfortable this Tony was with Pepper. What really made the otherwise domestic scene feel uneasy, though, was Clint. He hovered at the break where the tile of the open concept kitchen turned into the hardwood of the living room, fists clenched at his sides while he surveyed the pair on the couch. Feeling the weight of leadership settle back onto his shoulders, Steve beelined for the archer, pulling him into the kitchen under the guise of preparing snacks for their little gathering.
how much I strive toward punctuality—” She brandished a tube of mascara with the same ferocity he had seen villains and heroes alike wield knives and longswords, and with no less of a sense of deadly intent.
“Maybe just, in my hair? Or on my neck?” Phil didn’t respond verbally, but he placed a hand around the back of Tony’s neck and steered his head to lean against Coulson’s denim-covered leg.
It's a day of firsts for Peter, who reluctantly joins the Decathalon team and then spends some time with Tony in the lab.
“She’s gotta be another Inhuman,” someone near the back of the room said. Tony, expecting Steve to smack down anyone using that kind of language, was unpleasantly surprised by the nods that followed. He didn’t dare call it out, though, for fear of exposing himself as an alien to this universe. Instead he focused on the footage.
“Then we’ll divert some of the literal billions allotted to the Avengers to buy up some space heaters? Come on, Peter. I thought you wanting to sneak out tonight meant you were trying to actually live a little. If this is just going to be more of the same old thing…”
“I know how this looks.”
“Then I’ll tell them whatever line is going to be most believable. I’ll commit to it with everything I’ve got, I’ll pull out all my best tricks, but I am telling you that I’m not wearing his collar anywhere, including on that stage.”
“Excuse me?” Steve sat up, hazy pleasure rapidly evaporating from his features, to be replaced by a cautious kind of excitement that made him look years younger.
“No.” There was a watery laugh (oh god, was Pep crying? hadn’t Tony made her cry enough in one universe?), and then a soft, small hand on his own. At first she just rested her own hand atop Tony’s, but as the seconds passed her attention became more focused as Pepper traced a knowing, deliberate trail over the tiny but innumerable scars and callouses dotting his skin. A jagged mark on the webbing between his right thumb and index, a sovenier from an ill-fated trip to Mexico where he’d drunkenly attempted to prove he could perform a perfect dive into a resort pool without spilling the tequila flight he’d been holding, drew another watery noise that sounded like a laugh from her. (Clearly this pre-Iron Man Tony had been just as much as an idiot as he had been, then.) A different one, a burn just below the knuckle of his left ring finger, she paused over. “Bruce and I were exhausted and the welder got away from one of us. I think it was Bruce, but I can’t be a hundred percent sure anymore.” A couple seconds later, there was a soft pair of lips pressing a kiss lightly onto the scar. (Always trying to make it better, Pep. Even when you know you can’t.) He opened his eyes for that, he couldn’t
“No, it’s…it’s a good idea. I’m sorry no one thought to offer footage to you before.” Steve shuffled his feet like an anxious teenager, then squared his shoulders, took a long, deep inhalation, and continued. “I know we got off on the wrong foot, and that was mostly my fault.”
“Cap, definitely.” Tony had barely seen this universe’s Cap, so the surprised look Coulson couldn’t quite contain had probably made more sense than he’d thought at the moment. But he knew enough to be fairly sure he was still right. “They’re almost the same person, but with slight differences. They’re both strategic thinkers, and they’re both used to command positions so they’re good at directing troops and keeping people focused. But Cap is emotional in a way that the Air Force has trained Rhodey out of, whereas Rhodey is rigid when he sometimes needs to be flexible.”
Rescue’s helmet swerved back and forth between Pepper and Tony as if the suit were struggling to decide whose side of the dispute it was supposed to be on. Steve sympathized. His own suspicions about who had been funding Taskmaster’s army were identical to Tony’s, but hearing the smartest man he knew confirm them made it all real. Once again, someone was threatening the life of the man Steve loved. He wanted to lock Tony up in the Tower with the entire team to protect him in precisely the same way it sounded like Tony wished to do to Pepper. (And what had he meant about losing her before? Clearly they still hadn’t covered everything that had happened in Tony’s home universe.)
“Flash is a jerk.” Ned grunted his agreement, still busy sweeping the remains of the project haphazardly into his bag. It would take hours to rebuild, Peter thought, especially since it looked like Ned had made several embellishments to the design that the kit came with. “I could help—”
As always, feel free to let me know if you have any questions or concerns.
“I mean, he’s struggling, of course. But it’s good that he’s here, away from the press and all of that. He’ll adjust.”
“Shh, you’re okay. You’re okay. You were so good for me Tony, God. I had plans to make that last way longer, you know, but you were just so damn gorgeous and responsive. Bruce said you were, he told all of us, but that’s different from actually seeing it, ’s like the difference between seeing a fucking masterpiece and seeing it in the background of someone’s shitty selfie.” Tony’s gut surged with heat and humiliation at the thought of the rest of the team sitting around gossiping about him, passing notes and sharing strategies about how to wring Tony’s submission from him. He started to tremble, and Clint wrapped his leg around Tony’s so he was pressed into the bed by the thick weight of Clint’s muscled thigh. “Like that, huh sugar cookie? My little diva, want nothing more than to have all the Dominants in the Tower panting after you. You have it, I promise you that. We’re so wrapped around your damn finger it’s embarrassing.”
He hadn’t really
(See the end of the chapter for
Today wasn’t exactly the same. Howard hadn’t planned on bringing Tony down here, but one of his regular assistants had needed to go home to attend to his submissive. She was classified at a one, which meant sometimes she had very high needs. Most people talked about subs, especially subs classified that close to True status, in hushed, reverent tones. But when his Dad explained why Damien had had to leave, it didn’t sound like that. He sounded…sorta mad, or grossed out, maybe, like that time Tony had presented Mom with a collection of rare insects.
“Food.” Unlike their first real meeting, when Steve had been struck by how little Tony had seemed affected by his Dominant register, this time the other man seemed to go from half-comatose to standing at full attention at the mere hint of Steve’s command. “Food,” he repeated, “then a bath, then sleep.”
“I don’t agree.”
Tony stepped inside the door Bucky had stopped them in front of with no small amount of trepidation, and was greeted by walls of a warm, dusky pink; it was a few shades off from the colour Peter had once insisted was ‘millennial pink,’ but still a gentle enough hue that Howard undoubtedly would have been horrified. There were some tools that had a dungeon-y kind of air to them; he recognized the spanking bench he’d been on during his punishment, and there was no way the curved couch that sat in one of the corners of the room wasn’t somehow a sex thing. A table resembling the benches Bruce used for check-ins back at the Tower was folded up in an open closet. There were rigs in a couple of places too, he thought, for some kind of bondage, though he would have needed more than a cursory glance to make a guess at how they would work.
He watches as Bucky and Sam exchange looks, clearly trying to decide how far to push. Steve doesn’t wait for the outcome of that silent conversation. He edges his way out of the kitchen, ignoring the eyes he can feel on his back as he resists the urge to let his long strides turn into an outright jog. His room is messier than…maybe Steve’s bedroom has ever been in his life. Like many of her generation, Steve’s mother had been a stickler for cleanliness, and then shortly after that had come the army. His bedroom has never been anything but a place to lay his head. Now, however, it bears the signs of his near-constant presence over the past several days. Several half-full cups of water jockey for space on the nightstand. Steve’s clean laundry, rather than being put away, sits in a pile by the door where the cleaning staff dropped it off. Several books Tony had recommended, which Steve had immediately ordered, sit in a cardboard box on the floor. He pushes them out of his way with a foot as he climbs into his bed.
This was, perhaps, an invasion of Peter’s privacy, but Steve couldn’t bring himself to feel even a little bit of guilt over it. On top of the obligation he felt to Tony, Steve would also have to deal with a very much alive and irate May Parker if anything were to happen to Peter on Steve’s watch. Not to mention Rhodes, who would probably be parenting Peter himself if he didn’t spend so much of his time off-planet…
The remnants of adrenaline from the battle were still running through his system. Every time his mind replayed the feeling of having the arc reactor torn out of him (not out of
“Where’s the team?”
to have a Tony Stark back in their lives, just not
“I can’t—I don’t deserve—” Phil’s short, decisive sentences cut through the wave of self-loathing that threatened to swallow Steve whole.
Tony encounters a new element to his submission, while Bucky deals with the aftereffects of his safeword.
When Tony entered Phil’s office, it wasn’t filled with its usual silence punctuated by the occasional scratch of pen on paper or quiet currents of air as Phil’s fingers flew over the keys of a holo-keyboard. There was a record player in the corner that Tony had never noticed before, and it was playing what he could swear was—
“You guys don’t—I’m not a delicate sugarcookie for fuck’s sake!” Thor instantly withdrew his hand, taking the pillow with it. Tony’s head jerked awkwardly and landed smushed, face-first, into Rhodey’s arm pit. And just like that, silence draped the room again like a heavy canopy. (Well, it couldn’t have lasted anyway, this whole display of team unity.) Not wanting to allow things to disintegrate further, Tony made a valiant attempt to slither out of Rhodey’s arms. They tightened in response, almost as if by reflex, and then fell away just as suddenly as Thor’s pillow. Tony was up and halfway toward the elevator before he realized JARVIS might not let him into the workshop.
?” She released an explosive sigh and brushed a stand of dark, curly hair impatiently away from her face.
“No,” Bruce said, calm but decisive. “I couldn’t. I’m willing to wait until Tony is ready to share most things with us, but there’s been days where I would bet his caloric intake has been under half of what he needs. And yet other times he’s seemed almost desperate to eat what’s in front of him. I can’t figure out the pattern on my own, Clint, not without more information, and I have to. I have to figure it out because he’s so fucking thin and I can’t,
The self-loathing and frustration was ready to swallow him whole, ready to take Tony somewhere at least as bad as he’d been after the Snap. And then a hand reached out to touch his face. He flinched at first, anticipating a slap or even a punch, and Steve’s hand froze in midair, long enough for Tony to see his palm open, his fingers loose and unthreatening. Then his hand, which Tony knew from experience held the strength to completely dismantle him, touched his cheek, cradling his face with so much gentleness that it made him ache all over.
3. I am, to be perfectly honest (I trust you not to relay this to Stark himself),
“And do you want me to relay any of this to Steve?”
“And are restaurants in this universe BYO condiments or…” Tony waved a hand at the Heinz clutched in Steve’s left hand, and for the first time, Steve looked ever so slightly flustered.
“Barnes?”
In addition to the characrerization of Wanda in this chapter, I also borrowed something else: Tony visiting hospitals and snuggling babies is 100 percent comics canon.
He woke with a start several hours later, the image of his own Natasha’s last, smiling ‘
“So if he has subtonin in his system now, what does that mean?”
“You don’t know what’s going to happen up there, alright? Don’t go rushin’ to give up on them just yet.”
Right. Dinner with the Avengers. And it was insane, Peter had actually lost it, because what he planned to say was something along the lines of ‘cool, see you later.’ What he actually said was,
here—had he asked the guy to do nothing but photograph his and Steve’s every movement?) Tony watched him scroll through the images with a soft, open kind expression, commenting occasionally. When they came across an image featuring the two of them tucked into a corner of the room, Steve’s hand on Tony’s lower back while Tony stood up on his toes to mutter something into Steve’s ear, Tony halted the slideshow.
“They’ll heal faster than anyone can treat ‘em. You know that. Can you just…can you clear a path to the elevator? I can’t…I just can’t see him right now, please.”
“…Ultron? Did that-does that say Ultron?"
“Huh?”
Tony down into headspace so quickly his vision felt like it actually swam a little. “Clint, I think Tony could use some help here. His technique is fine, but his eagerness distracts him.”
“This is mine to hold for now.”
him!” he yelled at Tony. “I’ve been closing in on the Vulture for ages, you don’t get to just fly in at the last minute and play the hero! It’s not fair!” The burst of frustrated, uncontrolled rage felt both too young and too old for the boy standing in front of Steve; for seconds that felt endless, he was reminded viscerally of the other version of Tony, whose very adult pain and fury had often felt to Steve like the cry of a wounded child.
Bruce visits Tony and offers some overdue support. Bucky resurrects a Tower tradition in an attempt to reach Steve.
The takedown of the deflector shield was the closest Natasha came to causing real damage to Tony. Thor fared little better. When he took to the air Tony followed immediately, the remaining energy shields followed and attached themselves at his back and shoulders. When Thor shot a cautious bolt of lightning, the shields absorbed and reflected the energy back immediately. Tony followed up by turning his hands into what looked like overlarge canons; the repulsor blasts that issued from them was powerful enough to send the demi-god hurtling into one of the cushioned walls clear on the opposite side of the gym. In true Thor fashion, he laughed uproariously, too busy being delighted by the prospect of a challenging new sparring partner to care about any wounds to his ego.
Still, it was more awkward than he’d expected to be alone with Natasha. The last time he’d seen her in his own universe she’d promised to return in a minute. Instead, Clint had made the journey back alone, utterly destroyed and beaten by her loss. It wasn’t odd the way seeing Phil still often felt; unlike Coulson, who had been gone now for much more cumulative time than Tony had known him alive, it was remembering how the world had been without Natasha that still felt alien. If what Tony had tried to do in his final moments had worked, hopefully the others wouldn’t have to get used to that gaping wound where Natasha’s smoky laugh and mischievous grin had once been. But Tony…well, to him, seeing her was sort of like thinking you were experiencing phantom limb pain, only to look down and realize the part you thought was missing was still there.
“No, it was really great, actually. It’s just—” Tony stopped mid-sentence to take out his phone, and whatever he found there brought a look of almost vicious satisfaction to his features. He lifted it to his ear and started talking without having dialed a number, which meant he had to be speaking to JARVIS. “Have the legion monitor the building for any sign that Toomes is moving out…yeah, him too. Thanks buddy.”
Good ol’ JARVIS, always trying to find Tony an out. Oddly enough, the knowledge that he
Most of the time he was able to push through enough of those feelings that he could turn them into something positive, like what he had come to learn as the difference between cold shame and hot humiliation. He went down to the shop, or to SHIELD, anywhere he could remind himself that whatever else he might need from the team, he was more than needy, hungry creature he turned into when he was with them. The days off from submission helped with that too, and the orientation-free dates; usually by the next day everything had slotted back into place in his mind and he was comfortable and happy with his role again.
Sam mostly leaves that bit of domestic drama alone for the time being, though he does insist that every one of them eats dinner together every night. He decides to focus his attention on the wildcard in this scenario: Bucky, who is utterly furious with Steve for reasons none of them seem to fully understand.
Steve wasn’t sure if it was Tony’s look of pure outrage that did it, or the giddy relief of being able to tease Tony about his submission when it had once been such a fraught topic. Whatever the case, it was close to ten minutes later when he finally stopped laughing enough to be able to guide his submissive toward the elevator.
“Hey, I never promised you were picking the easy option,” Steve laughed. “I’d like to tell you that she’d avoid them if she knew you hated them so much, but I don’t think I could quite manage to keep a straight face.” It was the closest either of them had come to acknowledging the reason Steve had been asked to Masdee’s rooms that evening, but she still didn’t seem inclined to fully address the topic. Instead, she made a thoroughly disappointed face at the admittedly lacklustre cookies that had come with their meal. “Do you…did everything go alright, with the contract?”
“I’m not him.”
“Who said anything about shutting it down? Look, the gag order that covers this place means it’s literally the only place in the city the press can’t crash. And the collaring can still be public as hell; that’s the one most people will care about anyway, and I don’t have any issues with them seeing it.” This was, in truth, rather an understatement. Tony didn’t just not mind. He’d fought long and hard to really feel like he belonged in this universe, like the submission that he had to offer was as true and honest as everyone else’s, and he was eager to celebrate the moment when the team would place the symbolic lock on the collar he already wore with pretty much as many people who wanted to join them. “But the wedding…I mean, it’s just for us, for
Someone who knew Steve less probably thought he wanted a sweet smiled, polite young woman who was attentive and warm.
“Nah man. That is asking way too much”.
“TO PETER”
“Shhhhhhh Steve! That’s a company secret” Tony says in a stage whisper with an exaggerated look on his face.
Peter hangs his head in disappointment.
“When you take everything away from a desperate man Parker, he suddenly has nothing to lose. And revenge is my only aim now. We are going to head back inside. I have some old friend’s I think need to be informed of my arrival.” Fisk flicks the gun in the direction of the door and guides Peter back into the ballroom.
“Now that I can believe” Luke says as he leans back into the booth.
“NO! Nah-uh. Nonono Nope.” Peter felt like saying no in every way he could think of would really help demonstrate just how undrunk he was. Because he is clever like that. “Jess just gave me more whisky. Sooooo it’s her fault I’m all g-g- giggly.”
“It won’t, I have it handled. How many times do I have to tell you that? You have to trust me.”
Peter sweats, not wanting to come across as a blubbering dweeb and answers “Any credit should be given to Steve Rogers who has been guiding me through this internship. He’s mentoring has been above and beyond what I could have expected.”
“Wait. Peter, stop the footage.”
Then out of the corner of his eye, the intern notices two figures moving slowly through the crowd. Oh thank fuck.
“I’m not used to relying on people.” Tony continues, oblivious to impending disaster. “I’ve spent most of my earlier years telling myself I had to do everything on my own. Had a strong sense of independence instilled in me since I was a child. So learning to share burdens and goals has been a big journey for me. Through this last year though, I’ve come to see that I was wrong, I do need someone. And not a miracle worker or my own personal superhero. Nothing so magnificent and every bit more valuable. In fact, it turned out all I needed was someone from Brooklyn and some-“
Crap, Busted.
“I’m insufferable?! Good. That’s GREAT to know! I hope you haven’t sold that mansion yet because I can’t stand the sight of you right now.”
“The only person that bastard is occasionally put in his place by is Steve. But I’m pretty sure that’s because when Steve stands all puffed out and intimidating he somehow looks HUGE. Did you inform Steve this has been happening?” Luke continues.
“So Fisk is finished then?” Rhodey asks, circling the conversation back to the point.
“Sounds like he just needs to get laid” Logan astutes with a grunt. Sam shoots him a bit of a startled look as he scrunches his nose but Bucky nods in agreement.
“Get lost Webhead.” Jones says with a smile, leaving to help her boyfriend with his drinks.
Peter once again thinks about how it was good Tony had someone special. A day like this alone was too overwhelming for just one person. The fact that the man was able to share the horror of today with someone like Jess helped Peter decide that Steve was wrong about the couple. Maybe it was too early for them to get engaged but that was their decision. It was clear they both would support each other and make the other happy and Tony deserved that kind of love more than ever right now.
As they all wait for the ambulance to arrive Tony continues to cradle Steve tight against his chest and touches Steve incessantly. Rubs circles into Steve’s back, holds one of Steve’s hand and every now and then gives it a little squeeze, strokes and plays with the hair that falls over the top of Steve’s forehead. The longer Peter watches the more he wants to freak out, sharing the boss’s worries that the blonde is more injured than Happy first suggested.
Steve, without breaking away from his current conversation with Sam, simply whips the bowel off their table and on to the one next to them.
Knowing this is another lost cause, Peter decides that he has to amp up his game. When, thankfully (or maybe not so thankfully) nobody seems to being up the letter by the end of the day, he decides that desperate times call for desperate measures.
“Steve ate his doughnut.”
Peter turns back to the pair to find them both looking extremely irritated with one another. Their argument seems to have escalated from silly TV opinions to something a lot more serious, unfortunately.
“… You are either an alien or the oddest person I’ve met in a while. I did not follow a word of that”
“Oh yeah, that actually makes sense.” Sam says.
Peter decides to leave the sketch on top of Pepper’s laptop to make sure she couldn’t miss it. He also adds a small red heart on the back of the sketch just to help Pepper out a little further.
“Watch me”
“I don’t care about your frivolous problems, Parker. All I know is this is the third time this week I’ve spotted you less than working when I have tasks I need doing.”
That’s it! The inspiration strike he’s been waiting for!
Tony still doesn’t take the bait and continues to glare down the gunman who is threatening his party’s guests. Peter is almost in awe at the control the boss is showing.
He turns back to the little groups and throws them a big thumbs up, not really caring about how idiotic it comes across as. All of them send encouraging faces back, well, all except for Logan who just rolls his eyes and says “This is going to be fun”.
Jess laughs though “Do you ever actually do any work here?” she says, the incredulity in her voice is laced with amusement.
“But if we did, I think it could come across as a continuation of September's article while showing a more four-dimensional picture,” Rhodey argues back.
“I don’t knowww. What do you get a man that already has everything?” Peter whines with despair.
“People are worried about some kind of merger or take over occurring.” Jones visibly cringes.
“Pepper doesn’t wear a ring?”
“Reckon Stark’s going to forgive you when he realises that you were trying to set up his man with one of his best friends?” Luke says sympathetically.
Mr Stark, obviously seeing the blonde’s discomfort, tries to comfort him. If not somewhat very badly.
Jones just flutters her eyelashes innocently. “Be a dear and don’t let Luke know.”
“Cheers to the sneaky love birds” Clint cries, exuberant. Hands holding glasses all raise, following along with Clint in joyful agreement and shouting cheerfully at Steve and Tony. The couple nod at their friend’s in thanks and then return back to each other, obviously enjoying the fact that they are able to engage in showing one another attention in the presence of company.
Someone makes a sound like he is holding back his laughter at his friend's craziness. “You aren’t too good at this kind of decision making are you?” Rhodey asks.
“I’m out” Jess says blandly and walks off.
“Oh Peter, I don’t think you’ve met my friend Danny. He’s one of Marvels’ freelance photographers.” Luke says motioning to the lean man next to his girlfriend.
“It’s an insult that the Stark’s let Fisk have that job over Steve. Steve has been working here just as long, works ten times harder, and yet he still has never once received any recognition. I know Mr Stark Sr. showed blatant favouritism to Fisk but Tony is a lot smarter than his dad. It’s a crime that he hasn’t done anything about it.” Clint rants, voice rising louder than he probably intended.
“That’s another point to me.” Peter exclaims, not feeling any kind of remorse.
“Well, that does give me some wider context.” T’challa says “Steve Rogers is not known for giving compliments that are underserved. In fact, I heard he once told a coworker to walk off a broken toe because Steve needed them to get three hours' worth of deliveries done for him.”
Rhodey gives up and walks away quietly saying to himself “Humilating” “Unprofessional”, too caught up in his own thoughts to notice Luke and Peter.
Peter unfolds the paper and wants to crumble dramatically to his knees. Only Peter’s life could end up being as much of a farce as this. Clint can’t be serious? The list looks like it was written out by a giggly love-sick child in elementary school. Peter lets out a sigh and pockets the list.
“Seriously though Tony. This is going to be a good surprise tonight right? Are you sure you don’t want to run this all by me? I really am worried you’re about to cause a global incident.” Pepper taunts.
And without another word, she scoops up the equipment in front of her and runs off leaving Peter sitting overwhelmed by everything that’s just happened in the last couple of hours. Fisk has been committing corporate espionage? And was trying to frame Steve? And it’s been happening for months?
“I live only to entertain.”
Peter looks at her in disbelief “Did I just manage to get a laugh out of you?”
Logically, he knew that if Pepper and Steve didn’t want to be together you couldn’t force the thing. Finding a life partner isn’t that easy. Hell, Peter finding MJ was a freaking miracle if he thought back to all the obstacles that could have stopped that from occurring. But Peter had just been so sure about this Steve and Pepper thing, the whole office had been so sure.
“Let go Peter! Smart people like you don’t need me. You couldn’t have been clearer.”
“One to Parker, nada to Jones” Peter feels his mouth tilt upwards slightly. Victory already insight.
“YOU TWO ARE GOING TO BE THE DEATH OF ME.” Rhodey yells, directing his attention back to the door.
Steve sends back a half smile “Good as new! My shoulder is all sown up and I should be able to come back to work soon.”
Once out the door Pepper and Wilson Fisk fly past to enter Mr Stark’s office. Fisk looks like he’s about to run a marathon and Pepper seems close to punching the man beside her. Peter can tell Fisk is ready to tear into both Pepper and Mr Stark for sidelining his art exhibit article so Pete hightails it out of there, not wanting to get caught in the crossfires.
Steve wraps himself around the brunette and Tony’s whole body slumps, like he’s been let out like a balloon. He turns back to the blonde slightly and tucks a strand of blonde hair behind his ear.
“Peter” Steve warns, his voice filled with disapproval.
Once back at his laptop, Peter allows himself to wallow in his misery.
“Peter!” Steve yell with exasperation.
Steve throws a sceptical look his way but replies “Look, I wouldn’t say I’m at the Bridget Jones, singing into a wine bottle stage of my love life yet. But in the past, I haven’t been extremely lucky when it comes to dating.” Steve's face creases before shifting back to something neutral “It’s fine though. Lately, I’ve been so involved in work it hardly matters. Don’t go believing Bucky’s lame-ass stories about me being forever alone and depressingly spending my weekend eating my feelings or whatever that jerk has been spouting behind my back. My weekends are more exciting than he realises.” Steve's eyes light up in amusement as if he told a very funny joke.
“It’s not going to work.” Logan finally speaks up from the corner of the room he slunk off to.
“Maybe they are in with Stark?” Luke suggests.
“That’s. Not. Your. Job.” Tony counters through gritted teeth. “You may as well be Artistic Manager if you are going to do all his work for him.”
Jones laughs “Yes because it’s a war I’m going to win.”
“Don’t worry you.. you wouldn’t be the first person to say that to me”
Tony’s phone goes off and the man pulls it out of his pocket, his features going soft when he sees the caller ID.
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Everyone groans over the top of each other. Peter chocks a little, horrified by the image that is now in his head. Sam is making retching sounds as Mr Stark is flailing, not seeming to realise he now has one up on the blonde. Steve isn’t bothered by anyone's reaction, stubbornly keeping his eyes locked on the boss with a look in his eye that implies he just won something only he is aware of.
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
“Yeah? Because Fisk was the root of all the problems between the two of you.”
Peter watches the pair move off to the bar and grins at his epiphany. He is now very excited for the announcement Tony is planning on making later this evening.
“You have no idea what you are meant to do now, do you?” Stark enquires with a raised eyebrow.
Peter scowls at her. “Fine. Don’t need your help anyway. I’m a modern-day Romeo and Juliet. Wait! No….. that’s not right. They die in the end. Oh god, that sounded so much cleverer in my head”
“And thank god they are no longer acting like their heads are stuck up their asses.” Logan adds, lips tugging upwards as the pair turn and glare at him.
Rhodey scoffs “You know I only pretend that you are the big man of the hour, don’t get ahead of yourself. You’re really just my sidekick.”
“Steve is up with Pepper right now and I need you to get them out of her office so I can slip this on her desk before T’challa arrives for their meeting.” Peter lays out.
He should probably message MJ but she will want him to tell her everything that happened and Peter’s not ready to face the music yet.
T’challa nods at Steve in reply “Yes. It’s exactly what we asked for. It’ll go perfectly with the rest of the images we have collected for Tony’s gift.”
“Like that is news to any of us.” Pepper says slyly as she moves off to talk to some other important people trying to catch her attention.
“Ughh, why does everyone take such an interest in my love life? It’s not like I haven’t had sex before. Nothing monumental is happening anytime so-” Steve complains
“You did not. Logan just told you”
“Mmm...It’s good to see you’re as irresistible as ever and ego is still intact. I was a little worried you were coming down with something because of your strange behaviour on Tuesday.” Steve ventures, the corners of his eyes twitching.
“How are you after all this, Mr Stark?” Peter asks instead.
Bucky’s shooting Sam a sceptical look which Peter can tell means the sub-editor didn’t quite believe his fiance. Logan, on the other hand, looks like he is so bored he is considering homicide just to liven up his day. It’s quite the impressive expression coming from the usually blank staring man. If Peter was braver (or insane), he would definently label Logan a bore most of the time.
“Yes, Hammer could be a problem. Nice of Steve to handle him.” T’challa says “Now Peter show me this camera and the impressive photographs you have taken.”
“Just helping build up everybody’s pain tolerance” Peter flutters his eyelashes exaggeratedly.
“Pepper, I treat you like the glue of this company. You are my golden goose. Why do you do nothing but call me names? The betrayal!”
The elevator is now extremely uncomfortable with nobody seeming daring to speak. It makes Peter antsy to say the least.
“I’m Peter Parker. The doer of impossible things. Give me a task and watch it be done not only flawlessly but with style.” He says as he wiggles his eyebrows.
Steve makes a clicking noise in the back of his throat. “Yes, What a mess. Would hate to have contributed to that.”
Fisk looks at Steve with a stare so venomous Peter is surprised the blonde doesn’t back away a little. The unpleasant man opens his mouth, ready to send another scathing comment Steve’s way but Mr Stark cuts him off.
“Just enjoying having a pleasant night with friends. Old men like me learn to appreciate when life slows down for you now and then.” Steve says facetiously.
Clint slaps Peter on the back, acting like that was helping in some sort of major way.
“What? How?” Peter’s flabbergasted at being caught out. “… gahh I’m sorry Steve. I was just trying to distract you from the whole Fisk vs Stark situation. Everyone was pretty concerned about you and your friends just want you to be happy. With Sam and Bucky tying the knot soon and Tony planning to propose tonight and-”
“I feel like the amount of people saying that to me lately has increased severely this week. And people wonder about my bruised ego.” Peter mutters to himself
“Don’t worry Pep, it’s not an issue” Mr Stark waves off, which causes Rhodey and Steve to share some sort of meaningful look too.
It occurs to him as he hurries down the hall, that Sam and Bucky may have given Peter the dare but they never said anything against him having some help. Knowing exactly who he wants as an accomplice, Peter pulls out his phone to send a quick message.
“Maybe. But I don’t plan to go down without a final bang.”
“Far out. This is the worst sleepover ever.” Peter says quietly under his breath, scared witless and unable to see a way out from this insane situation.
They enter to hear a whole lot of people calling out their names and ushering them over to one of the larger booths towards the back.  Sam and Bucky are on the right side of the booth looking at something on Bucky's phone, Luke is sitting opposite them with his girlfriend (Peter's old high school buddy and now a journalist for Marvels) Jessica Jones and Clint is standing by the booth, doing something that is pissing Logan off. It looks strangely like he is repeatedly poking Logan in his side. Everyone has smiles on their faces and move to make room for the two of them when they get closer.
And well... he may as well bite.
Steve rolls his eyes at his friends but turns and smiles at Peter, “We can do lunch today Pete, if you did want some help?”
A large man casually saunters into the room distracting everyone away from Pepper once again. Peter instantly feels his face fume at the sight of the latecomer.
Peter can almost see the crazy coming out of the larger man’s eyes. He shouldn’t rile the guy up. If Peter had learned anything from the last few days it's that. Peter, however, is also known for pushing his luck.
“Parker, you idiot. You need to be more careful. Steve is allergic to poppy seeds. Stuff like this can kill him.” Mr Stark says harshly.
Peter watches as Steve’s gaze follows after Mr Stark intensely and feels extremely bad for the blonde. Peter can tell he’s clearly trying to get along with Mr Stark but the boss seems to take everything Steve says the wrong way. Mind you, even Peter could have told Steve that eating your boss’s food doesn’t come across as a joke to most. That sort of humour would only work on clowns like Bucky and Clint.
“You are a lost cause” She bites out and walks away in a sour mood.
“Oh fuck.” Peter groans. How on earth was he so misinformed? The stupid Marvels rumour mill is faster than Hollywood’s wild west yet he hadn’t known any of this. Was it even possible for him to be so unaware of it all?
“Peter’s saying goodnight as he knows it’s time to get home to bed.” Steve grabs their attention and nudges Peter to send them a wave.
“And you’re sure this isn’t something better left to sort out on his own?” Peter checks with Bucky.
Peter pulls himself straighter, trying to show Bucky the confidence he was just feeling. “I can work hard on my own just fine” Peter says, definitely not pouting a little as he does.
“Willie, you sound mad. Anything I can help you with?”
Steve stares at Tony like he’s losing his mind “We are about to have a rather large disagreement, I hate to argue this with you sweetheart but it’s something I feel I have to stand firm in.” He then lifts Tony’s hand to place a kiss on the brunette’s knuckle, stopping the boss’s argument in it’s tracks.
“He’ll have to wait until the end of the week. That’ll be the next chance I get to look at it.” Wilson explains dismissively. “Unless you think you can do I better job than I?”
Tony’s eyes pop out of his head. “YOU WHAT?”
“Okay, some of these things are ridiculous” Sam sighs “But a couple of them are doable. I would say start with 2 and 7.”
“Steve was saying Mr Stark had an announcement coming up. He explained that he was a little worried about what it might be as we were looking over at Jess and Mr Stark getting coffee together. I guess Steve doesn’t approve of them being in a relationship or something.” Even as Peter says this he knows that it doesn’t sound quite right. There was still something here Peter wasn’t getting.
Peter flips out “THAT’S EXACTLY WHAT I WAS TRYING TO EXPLAIN THE OTHER DAY!”
“Steve will you be working closely with Pepper again today? Oooh and did you manage to look over Fisk’s layout for him?”
“Ouch that one hurts Luke” Peter deadpans
Bucky rudely ignores Peter “I thought we didn’t have favourite coworkers Stevie? Isn’t that what you supposedly told bugboy last night?”
“Are you stupid or are you really really stupid? This has got to be your dumbest idea yet.”
Maybe Peter should mention to some of the others to leave it alone too. It wouldn’t help if Mr Stark heard rumours which implied he was using his position to punish an employee. Even if everyone in the office thinks Steve is worth ten of Fisk that doesn’t mean anything malicious is going on if he is doing the extra voluntarily.
Tony Stark assesses the mess in front of him before promptly diverting Fisk’s attention back into himself. His eyes only showing his alarm for a split second.
“I should have known!” Pepper rubs a hand at her temple “I was Tony’s walking talking planner there for a while. He couldn't wipe his bum without me knowing. I have no idea how he pulled this off. Extremely disappointed in myself!”
“Three years” Steve replies sheepishly.
Peter does not shriek when Clint appears behind him. He doesn’t, no matter what the man tells others later. It was a low guttural sound. No where near the sound of a shriek.
Other than the ending, the scene is a familiar one to Peter and he starts to internally count how many times he’s seen the pair behave this way in front of him before. With this comes a few discoveries.
Nobody else follows her though instead asking to see Clint’s list of suggestions. Peter is still doubtful about the list but the group ask him what’s the harm in at least trying a few.
“Whisky”
Peter just raved about how great Jess was for Tony in front of a man that also has feelings for Tony -Piece slots in- He accidentally implied how all Steve’s friends were happily in love while Steve’s crush is unrequited, – Another piece - He been spending the last couple of weeks loudly stating to Steve that everything the blonde does upsets or hurts the boss more often than not, – Third piece – Peter just told Steve that the guy he has a huge thing for was planning to ask somebody else to marry them tonight and that everyone, including Steve himself, was going to have to watch – And as that last piece slots in, Peter sees from the final product that it’s not Fisk that is the jackass of Marvels Magazine.
Peter freezes. Clint has known Steve for years. Despite his better judgement Peter can’t help but think that getting Clint’s opinion might be very useful. As the man goes to turn away Peter, thinking quickly as the whisky starts kicking in, throws himself on Clint’s arm to stop him.
“Looking forward to the birthday bash?”
“He’ll be alright. You just coddle the young man here.” Tony voice softens, losing the sharpness of the argument.
“Tony, be nice. Peter went through just as a traumatic experience as we did the other night.” a voice calls from within the lounge room as Peter follows Tony in.
“I would be offended if that wasn’t unfortunately the case.” Peter concedes. “Bucky’s right for once, Steve. I know this may sound silly but have you tried having a conversation with the guy where you both don’t go for each others weak spots? If you’re not careful you may end up going so far that apologies won’t be enough anymore.”
Okay, so they are still mucking around. Relaxing again, Peter thinks back to rule number 74 Clint mentioned back in the meeting.
“Tony, calm down!” Peter hears a voice he recognises as Rhodey’s.
“Stark!” Steve says sharply.
“Clint, can I please get changed out of this now?” Steve begs.
“You are such a brute. I told you to never call me that again.”
They are both stunning and intelligent individuals and would make a very good looking couple. Jess seems a little young for Mr Stark but then again, Mr Stark really does come off as a child at heart while Jess is an old soul. So they kinda balance each other out. It could make a lot of sense for them to be together.
Steve pauses for a moment, his smile distant as Peter waits, intrigued by the tale.
He silently applauds himself, excitement swirling in his stomach.
Steve’s face morphs from anger to shock to understanding. Mr Stark rounds on Peter so quickly the intern can hardly think straight as his boss is crowding into his personal space.
“Wilson. What can I do for you?” Steve says blandly.
“WEBhead?”
Peter does as she asks and looks at the image now frozen on the screen.
Peter observes the celebrations occurring in The Stark mansion’s ballroom. Steve, Pepper and T’challa have done a great job at organising the event. The ballroom is open and sleek but isn’t too formal or as grand as the galas Stark Industries usually throw. There are nooks and seating set up to make conversation easily flow and the accent of red and gold in the choice of decorations somehow avoided coming across as tacky yet still screams of Tony Stark.
Peter bobs his head, not meeting the eyes of either of the men in front of him, still completely embarrassed by the shenanigans he had coordinated the office to pull on the blonde.
“LOGAN JUST CONFIRMED THAT EVERYONE HAS BEEN TRYING TO HOOK YOU UP ALL MONTH.” Tony smacks the blonde next to him lightly “AND YOU TOTALLY KNEW DIDN’T YOU, YOU SCOUNDREL!? How could you not tell me?”
“Sorry Wilson, but we decided to go with the Wakanda story this month.” Mr Stark lets Fisk down tentatively.
“Shh come on, stay with me. I don’t know if I can do this without you.”
Bucky waits until Steve leaves before turning his full attention on Peter “Alright the challenge was just for fun before but this is now desperate times. I don’t know if it’ll be enough to dissuade Steve away from his pining but we need to get Steve’s attention on something healthy. Find someone to drag him away from this power play mess Fisk and Stark are currently engaged in. And quickly.”
Luke frowns at him “Low. We are meant to be bros.”
Clint hands Peter his drink sympathetically “Here drink this. Helps with all the issues under the sun.”
“What?!”
Peter is ecstatic. He can hardly believe it ended up being so easy. No need for applause, Peter thinks to himself triumphantly, just throw me some cash and that’s gesture enough. Luke pats Peter on the back in congratulations and T’challa wonders over curiously.
“One day I will throw more than a shoe at him” Pepper sighs as everyone else picks up their belongings and follows Mr Stark out the door.
“I know. Sighhh. So you can see my evening is going pretty badly right now.”
Fisk only smirks and then the dick pulls out an actual gun and points it at the intern. Peter yelps, his mind spinning at a rate of knots.
Tony stops for a second, whether for dramatic effect or because he was making sure he worded what he’s going to say next perfectly, Peter wasn’t sure.
“The success we’ve been having is a collaborative effort Fisk and you know it.” Steve sternly put to Fisk.
“Steve, don’t eat that! They have poppy seeds in them.”
“Let’s back off Peter a little” Pepper defends “From the way Jess tells it, Peter played a big part in helping expose Wilson in the end. Isn’t that right Jess?”
Peter knows he’s been working well with Steve and would predict Steve has good things to say about him in terms of his work ethics if asked. Peter also knows that when he screws up it tends to be colossal. So if/when Peter does inevitably make a mess of something surely Steve would feel inclined to go easier on him. Knowing Peter was the one who found Steve someone he is ecstatic to be with.
“They chafe,” Steve replies calmly without breaking his gaze.
Jumping up and taking advantage of the fact that nobody is around, Peter sets up one of his cameras so it would capture anything that happened at Steve’s desk for the rest of the day. There was no way Jones was going to get away with her tricks after this. At least that would be one good thing to come out of today.
Peter feels his eyebrows rising higher as Sam’s spiel goes on. “Geez, no pressure or anything. Been reading too many sappy romance novellas, Sam?” he taunts.
“Oh, you want me to help on this one” Clint says with a knowing smile. “I have accumulated a wealth of knowledge on the office and it’s inhabitants. If there’s anyone who knows the ways to Steveo’s heart, it is me. Plus the more I’m down to help Peter, the more I’m hanging around your department's level. This means closer proximity to Fisk which will piss him off immensely. See! Everybody’s a winner! I plan to educate the dick on the brilliance of Miley Cyrus this week.”
“Hey, hey. You just single-handedly exposed a major threat in my company, I think we can let a little mistake like that slide. I also think we can be on first name basis now Peter. Please call me Tony.”
“Necessary evil. I know everyone sees T...Stark and I quibble a lot but when it comes down to it, we work well as a team. Also, I guess we aren’t so bad when I’m up there in his office because Pepper is up there as well. She is always keeping our work on track.”
“You always cook enough to feed an army. ‘m fine. And I’ll see you later for movie night, yeah?”
“Yep. Because my making a mistake doesn’t give you some kind of permission to do the same thing. Up. Unless you want to talk first?”
my other active series tomorrow. Hooray! Here's to (hopefully) being back on a regular posting schedule after a couple rough weeks.
“I’m not anchoring you to anything until we can get some testing done to see about the extent of that carpal tunnel.” Tony fought the urge to roll his eyes, already wishing he’d never confirmed Clint’s suspicions.
this.”
“You…it helps with me, then, the same as if I were a real sub?” Tony asked, unable to entirely mask the hope and disbelief he felt. Bucky asked JARVIS to pause the movie, but didn’t shift so that he and Tony were eye-to-eye the way anyone else might have. He seemed to understand that sometimes Tony didn’t want to be seen, not all the way, and not in moments like this.
“Questions. Do I have questions, Jay? I mean, I guess the really big one is what the fuck, Rogers?”
Please keep your questions, kudos, comments, and requests coming. Several of them have already shaped AskStrange stuff coming up this week, as well as some events in the main verse!
“Yeah, Edwin Jarvis and his wife Anna, they pretty much raised me. Seemed fitting when I was basically trying to build myself a new parent after mine died. Look, Steve, I’ll go into more detail about any of this that you want, but can you please first tell me what happened to the kid?”
“Do you know why?”
“If this is some kind of pity thing it isn’t necessary.”
“My apologies Sir.” JARVIS did not sound remotely sorry; great, the AI was still pissed at Tony for last night, then. “But there is no calming Dummy down on Maintenance Day.” Tony imagined the words in capital letters, because even if he had no idea what that meant, it was clear that it was an event in this Tower. At its mere mention, Dummy’s squeals went damn near ultra-sonic, and he circled the bed and began pulling random clothes from Tony’s closet and dresser with his arm, delivering them in a heap into Tony’s lap.
I apologize for having neglected to respond to this question, especially since it is so wonderfully data-driven.
“Do you need to use your safeword? Or your yellow?” Tony should his head quickly. “Alright. Then I’ll remind you again that I enjoy the handfeeding, and the fact that you’ve granted me some say in your diet in general. It makes me feel useful and necessary to provide such an immediate set of needs, and to be helping you chip away at a much larger set of issues. This isn’t something to be ashamed of. You’re being so, so good for me—no, sweetheart, don’t shake your head. Please try to hear me, okay? This kind of submission isn’t easy, not by a long shot. You’re being incredibly brave and open and giving of yourself, and I’m not going to let anyone, including you, make that into anything less remarkable than it is.”
“Don’t go into it trying to tell me the whole story. Break it down into small pieces, as minuscule as you need. Start by telling me one thing about that day. It can be anything at all and ideally shouldn’t be anything particularly meaningful. What pajamas you were wearing when you woke up, what you ate for breakfast, anything.”
“He did
Looking at the contract now felt weirdly nostalgic for how relatively  short a time it had been since he’d filled it out. He’d been so scared then, of all of this but especially of what the contract itself had represented, pages and pages full of questions Tony didn’t have the knowledge or skillset to answer. Not that all of the exploration related to the contract had been bad, he grinned.
“But the
“I have a better idea. Rhodey’s great with guns, Clint’s right, but if he’s anything like mine, he’s an action guy and not a sniper. Set up the target right here and throw all kinds of interference in front of it; it’ll test his patience and force him to actually stay still long enough to get the right shot. Odds are he gives up and goes in guns blazing—then we blow the scaffolding.” Phil’s expression was downright gleeful as he followed Tony’s suggestions to the letter.
Have a great weekend, everyone!
And Tony was. Grumpy, that is. He’d just emerged from one punishment, and the prospect of having to find something genuine he liked himself and then write it down like a school kid was just—ugh. Meanwhile Coulson got to sit there on the couch, sipping a cup of coffee and typing on a tablet. Tony alternated between glaring enviously at the tech and then, when that got old, scribbling multilingual curses using every pen Phil had provided.
He didn’t realize how long the impromptu pop-quiz had been going on until three things happened in quick succession. First, the cell phone alarm Liz had set to signal the end of the meeting went off. This broke the almost meditative state that the rhythmic back-and-forth of the question and answer session had brought to Peter, forcing him to pay attention to his immediate surroundings. It was when he found out that every member of the decathlon team staring at Peter like they had never seen him before. Hurriedly he stood up, shoving his chair backward a little too hard. The resulting thud as it collided with a nearby bookshelf was a welcome distraction from the near-run at which he left the library.
“Enough that you’ll receive some light-hearted ribbing. Nowhere near the scale of some nights Barton has really let himself lose. Your career is safe for now.”
Peter stares. “Oh my god, did I just get saved by two girls? AWESOME!” his brain still flooded with fight or flight hormones causing his mouth to babble uncontrollably. It would have continued going if he wasn’t cut off by another scream.
Clint’s expression can only be described as disgusted. “Kid, you are not well. Why are you fantasying about Steve’s future kids fisting a turkey? NO ONE’S thoughts should ever go so easily to fisting a turkey.”
Bucky’s face becomes calculating and he gives Steve a little shove. “Why don’t you focus less on the boss and more on your protege over there? Look at him. The pathetic little lamb is lost without you. I haven’t seen him even pretend to do any work today.”
“Okay, be offended all you like but while you’re busy doing that I’m going to grab us more drinks.” Jess stands and holds her hand out towards Mr Stark. An expected look on her face.
Of course, Peter’s calmed down significantly around the boss now and upon hearing Mr Stark’s “Hmmm…. Oooh, Minion! One of those boring meetings is happening! Come be my scribe and that means I can sit on my phone and not have to pay attention. Maybe Pepper won't even throw her shoe at me this time." this morning, Peter handled it with much more maturity than he would have been when he first began working here. Just a quick panic attack in the bathroom this time, nothing major.
“You did.” Steve retorts back, mirth tugging at his smile.
“Oi, I’m not a cockblocker!” Peter cries out, indignant “I’m Steve’s self-appointed Love Guru which, if anything, is the opposite of a cockblocker. I’m a COCK FACILITATOR.”
Oh shit. Peter tries to spout out “I’m so sorry! I didn’t know.” but is unable to string words together.
As Peter makes his way over to the fridge he can’t help but over hear the conversation as Sam is making it quite the spectacle of himself. The dark man’s hands are flailing wildly as he catches the other two up on what they missed in the meeting. It would have been difficult to have ignored the chatter realistically.
“WHAT?” Sam yelps “But he’s a perfect specimen. He has interested parties lining up around the block for his attention. Why did he not tell me it had been such a long time?! I mean I knew he hasn’t really dated since high school. But months with nothing at all! I know plenty of awesome people I could have helped set him up with” his voice sounding closer to a whine to Peter by the end there.
Logan chucks Clint a displeased glare. “Mmm, there was our first mistake. They were your suggestions.”
Someone comes up behind him as he is having his self-pity party.
Steve smiles coldly “Of course not. However, I’ve found I have some spare time currently so I would be happy to help lighten your load by looking over it for you.”
Peter goes to argue but is distracted by the sound of his name.
Before Peter can say anything further he is interrupted by a voice calling out across the room.
“T’challa and Rhodey are helping, but yes I’m doing most the heavy lifting.”
Peter tenses up, not knowing how to stop what is the trainwreck that is sure to unfold in front of him but also unable to look away.
“You cannot call the interns Minions, Tony.” Pepper lays out “You have sat through the seminars, so please start behaving appropriately.”
“I do Rhodey, don’t you worry that little head of yours. Fisk is one problem I’m a step ahead of.”
Mr Stark is giving Steve this weirdly fond smile which clearly weirds Steve out because the blonde shoves his hands on top of the boss’s head and messes up his hair. This causes Mr Stark to let out a delighted laugh and shove weakly at the blonde as if to start some sort of play fight.
“Yeah. Yeah it is.” Pepper turned away from the holoscreen of about thirty open documents that floated in the centre of the table with clear reluctance.
Content Notes: This chapter contains Tony trying his hand at Domination. The actual scene is not that extended, and it cuts away before anything sexually explicit, but if you want to skip it, just avoid the section section of the chapter. I don't think there's anything else to warn for in this one, but as always let me know if you have questions or concerns.
So let us take, for instance, MCU Tony’s high degree of responsiveness in D/s situations. Nearly every member of the team have remarked on this, so they seem to find it to be an attribute unique to this Tony. And yet perhaps this is how D/s universe Tony may have behaved if he hadn’t been poisoned against submission (and really, all orientation) from a young age. So is this ultimately a similarity or a distinction between them? It’s nearly impossible to say at this point.
“J, make an appointment with Agent Coulson for,” he glanced down at his watch, “2:30.”
“I can’t, actually. FRIDAY won’t tell me.”
“It’s absolutely nothing like that,” Steve interrupted. “It’s not even…the thing with Tony is…well, it’s complicated.”
Tony continues his D/s education, this time with Clint, Natasha and Phil. Steve encounters a surprise on his mission with Talia.
“Gross. What am I, Nick? Nah, even Nick wouldn’t—not the point. They’re, it’s honestly mostly a social thing I helped organize. A place for enhanced kids to spend time with people like them. It’s technically through SHIELD, mainly because that allows me to extend them some legal protections if they happen to get themselves in too deep. And occasionally they send me footage from some of the training sessions they do if they want my input, but they spent most of the two sessions before this one playing some game based entirely around declaring people ‘sus.’ Sometimes I swear I barely even comprehend what your generation is saying, let alone what it means. Now come on! Science awaits!”
For several long seconds, he stood frozen in place as his system warred between grief and arousal and anger. Everything in him ached to open the door between them, to witness Tony in the midst of passion again. His back always made that perfect little arch right before he came, and his thighs trembled so hard that sometimes they ached afterward, especially if Steve had dragged more than one orgasm out of him, or kept him on the edge for long stretches.
“I tried calling—”
The logic made sense, and in some ways it was a relief to have another out. But it was harder, this time, watching the team suit up and prepare to leave without him. When Natasha hugged him goodbye he held on for several seconds longer than was strictly necessary, and could only manage a pretty wobbly smile when she pulled back to look at him. This version of her didn’t promise to return as her counterpart once had; perhaps the loss of her own Tony had wisened her against those kinds of assurances. But she did blow him a playful kiss at odds with her otherwise focused and neutral demeanour, just to see Tony laugh.
see it so easily, that Tony was appreciated here in the ways Steve knew had been lacking in his previous universe.
“It’s quieter. Only my assistant knows where I am, so I can actually manage to get more than five minutes of work done at a time without someone coming in to interrupt me with endless requests for meetings or complaints about God only knows what.” Tony had wondered more than once in his previous universe if putting Pepper in charge of SI had been the right move. Not for the company, oh no, Pepper’s competence and her commitment were never something he’d ever had cause to doubt for even a second. Even the maneuvering and the manipulation of corporate politics, which ran somewhat counter to Pepper’s generally kind and frank nature, were something he’d known she’d master quickly. But he’d worried about whether or not it would bring her joy and satisfaction on its own terms, or whether it was still Pepper trying to care for him, just in another way. He looked at the tense line of her shoulders and the squint that her eyes always got when she’d been staring at screens for too long, and wondered it again.
The Wakandans, meanwhile, were now far less interested in the loss of their weaponry than they were in the potential threat the brothers posed to the Princess Shuri. Masdee had made contact with T’Challa, shortly after their initial meeting. The latter had been quietly incensed in a way that Steve had never before witnessed; it reminded him of Bucky’s protectiveness over his own sisters when they were children, nearly leading him to smile at what would have been a highly inappropriate moment. Despite his sister’s vocal and—judging from the reaction of her brother and mother—highly un-Princess like response, T’Challa ordered the Wakandan contingent to return to their country to coordinate Shuri’s protection and the hopeful capture of the Ssenjovu brothers with the
“Tony, no!”
“Yes,” said Coulson, sitting up straighter in his seat, his jaw set in a firm line. “And now we need you.” Now it was Steve’s turned for stunned silence, and for a hefty dose of gaze avoidance. He stared at the wall behind Coulson.
Steve knew that, whatever his numerous protestations, check-ins had come to mean a lot to Tony. He hadn’t known quite how much, though, not until he saw the way Tony reacted to Bruce’s explanation as if it had been a physical blow. Bruce tucked a piece of hair behind the submissive’s ear.
“I am exceptionally, ridiculously serious about this,” Steve confirmed. It drew a smile from Tony for the first time in the conversation.
“MOVE, Tony!” As it turned out, Bruce missed both Thor and Tony by several feet in his halfway-successful attempt at a landing, but didn’t quite manage to avoid colliding with the (now understandably) padded wall. And when Bruce lifted the faceplate, he looked decidedly green…and not in a Hulk-out kind of way. “Ugh. The G forces are unbelievable. I need a break for some water and some time on solid ground.”
It killed Steve just a little to refer to Tony that way, to not include himself in the dynamic. (Perhaps it was some kind of karmic retribution for the way the media had so often erased the rest of the team’s involvement with the other Tony when they talked about he and Steve.) But Domen had more than proven her point that Steve had a lot of work to do before he would be able to reach out that way, and it wasn’t fair to the team or to Tony to ask them to wait. And the smile that tugged at the corners of Clint’s mouth was worth whatever it cost.
For once, the space was entirely empty, though evidence of the team’s recent presence was everywhere. Clint’s Calvin and Hobbes coffee mug was on the table, the blanket Natasha always favoured when she was injured lay bunched on top of one of the armchairs. As Tony traced the room, his eyes fell on the purple kneeling pillow. It had been shunted off to the corner once it had become clear that Tony wouldn’t have any need for it, but now he dragged it back to the centre and stood over it, peering down at the thing like it was an unexploded bomb.
“There will also be some paperwork,” Phil added in his driest tone, “to get a sense of what you already know and suspect of your limits and what you might be particularly interested in exploring.”
“We also thought, though this is something we definitely want your input on, that it might be best to keep submission out of the dates for now. Our wanting to get to know you better doesn’t depend on where you land in that arena, so keeping them as discrete entities while you’re still figuring things out might be a good way to reinforce that.” There was a definite logic there, but some part of Tony was distinctly disappointed at the idea of stepping back from the submission stuff when they’d just barely started it. “Your lessons, though…well, we thought if you were amenable, those could start having more opportunities to experiment with the things you might be interested in trying first-hand.”
He didn’t know what results he’d been hoping for exactly. The thought of taking on the biochemical and physiological characteristics of submission had been a terrifying one; he needed this version of the team so much as it was, the idea of adding more dimensions to that seemed almost superfluous. It also meant saying goodbye forever to the idea of returning to his own universe; he’d known already, of course, that he wouldn’t risk their presumed victory over Thanos, or his own happiness here, but there was still something infinitely more final about realizing that his body and mind would now be incompatible with life in the world he had called home.
Like many things related to so-called ‘True’ Dominance and submission, there are elements of truth and mythos woven together. Popular representation would suggest that all Trues need to give or receive regular punishment. Now, to some extent it’s accurate that those ranked at the more extreme ends of the spectrum do tend to require correction as a part of their regular routines. However, the form of that correction can vary among Trues just as widely as among any other orientations. (For instance, correction does not have to be physical or sexual, and it is definitely not accurate that all True submissive require more intensely painful punishments, or that all True Dominants prefer delivering such correction.)
Thank you so much as always for the comments, kudos, and questions. You're brilliant and wonderful and I am supremely lucky to get to chat with you every week.
Fully prepared for a teenage show of temper and defiance, the last thing Tony expected to spend his evening doing was comforting that same teenager through something resembling a panic attack. The kid asked dozens of questions, primarily about the measures Tony was taking to protect himself from the brother of the woman who had killed the other version of himself. While it was humbling to see the kid’s layers of defenses fall so quickly and completely away at the thought of something happening to Tony, it mostly made Tony feel almost frantic to set things right again.
“Alright. My mistake. Would you like to come back to the bedroom with me, Tony?” It was the kind of invitation he’d been waiting weeks for. He wanted to strip off right there in the living room for fuck’s sake, but Tony also wasn’t a genius for nothing.
“Clint wants me to check in with you about something.  He, Bucky, and Natasha scened last night. Bucky and Nat are both down pretty hard, and Bucky is marked up enough that he can’t comfortably cover it with a shirt just now. They wanted to join us for lunch if we’re amenable, but not if it will make you uncomfortable.”
“So wait, though, only people who are classified as Dominants or high ranking switches could ever take on leadership positions? Doesn’t that just open up the potential fo a whole new kind of discrimination, the kind everyone here told me doesn’t exist toward submissives?”
Before this, Tony would probably have said that he’d been touched in this area pretty much every way that existed; it was still fun, of course, but not a whole lot new. But Phil wasn’t pulling him off or teasing in any of the ways Tony was familiar with. He was massaging, just as surely as Thor had done on his other side. He rolled Tony’s balls in his hands for while, then worked near his pubic bone, and on his perineum. The latter had always been the prelude to penetrative sex in the past, and Tony lifted his hips in invitation only to have them pressed back down against the pillow.
blamed Thor.” This set Tony off cackling again, and when he looked across the table and found Natasha’s fond gaze, her presence felt the slightest bit more solid, like he could safely look away for a few seconds and feel confident that she’d still be there when he dared to look back.
It was, in truth, a bit of a face-saving question, given that the entire meal had been designed with Peter’s tastes and caloric needs in mind. In addition to the roast beef (which Rhodey had insisted on taking charge of, to the complaints of exactly none of his spouses), the table was practically groaning under the weight of all the side dishes: a massive casserole dish contained a mound of scalloped potatoes, which sat next to Yorkshire puddings and gravy, as well as several bowls of roasted vegetables including brussel sprouts covered in some kind of honey dijon sauce, mushrooms in balsamic vinegar and white wine, and beets with goat cheese and walnuts. May’s expression was distinctly guilty as she eyed the offerings.
Every time Thor brought the strap down, he followed it with messages of love and support and forgiveness and protection. There was no escaping it, the words or the pain, nowhere left even in his mind for Tony to shield himself. He was flayed open, raw and exposed, on the edge of something he both feared and welcomed. Thor handed the strap off to Clint, who walked around first to the front of the bench, knelt down, and kissed Tony on the forehead.
(See the end of the chapter for
Though he at least aimed a fond smile in Tony’s direction, Steve was already halfway out of bed in and in the middle of accepting the pile of clean clothing Dummy held aloft in his claw. It was like watching some twisted version of woodland creatures helping a Disney princess get dressed in the morning, Dummy trilling like a tiny annoying bird and all. To Tony’s continued bafflement, this happened every day that the bot and super soldier went to bed and woke up in the same room. Each night, Steve picked out his clothes for the following day and left them in a neat pile, and every morning Dummy picked them up and brought them to Steve in varying states of wrinkled disarray. It was obviously a habit they’d picked up after Mark II had died, when Dummy had lived with Steve and Bucky, and it was as ridiculous as it was sweet.
When Tony stepped into the medical bay, Bruce was already present and accounted for. He stood with his back to the elevator, framed by the cool blue glow of the multiple holoscreens he had open in front of him. He made a quiet, thoughtful noise and then minimized one of the screens, which held skeletal and muscular outlines of a human arm, before diving for a thick textbook on a tall shelf to his left. When his hunt for whatever information he was seeking proved successful, Bruce hummed in satisfaction and abandoned the book in favour of taking a long sip of the tea he’d brought down with him from the penthouse.
“I would venture that some of what you
“Natasha, this isn’t just relevant to me as an Avenger. You know SHIELD wants him.” She nodded. “But you’re not going to tell me. You’re not usually the type to mutiny without cause, and you had no issue with trying to bring him in before so something has changed. Something personal.”
By this point they had spent plenty of time together, especially once Tony had started haunting SHIELD HQ. Talking to Steve was as easy as it always was; their conversation had recently jumped from the expected length of Rhodey’s visit (two glorious weeks of his honeybear!) to an argument about condiments prompted by the globs of ketchup Steve was squeezing onto his fries from the bottle he’d brought with him. But of course even familiar teasing and gentle touches were different now, because after so long of first ignoring this thing between them and then putting it somewhat on the backburner, they were really doing this. And not only had Steve initiated the entire evening, voluntarily taking part in the kind of event that Tony was used to the Avengers scoffing at or ignoring, he had also brought them here first, effectively shattering Tony’s heavily scripted (and likely doomed) vision of what their first date was supposed to be and replacing it with something so incredibly natural that he felt like he’d been with Steve his entire life already.
(As a sidenote, I might be a bit behind replying to comment this week, but they are coming I swear! And the Doctor will be posting tomorrow as usual so feel free to get your questions in!)
“Language, Boss. We must hold ourselves to a higher standard,” FRIDAY chided. Even through his bewilderment, Steve recognized there was something off about this. Unlike JARVIS, who had been with Tony for far longer, he had never heard FRIDAY pass judgement on Tony’s choices, or claim this kind of familiarity with him. Sure, the period following the Civil War during which Steve and Tony hadn’t spoken had likely allowed for his relationship with his AI to evolve, but this was different.
“That’s nice, sweetheart, that’s so nice. You look so lovely there on your knees for me. Those pretty pouty lips of yours are practically made for this. Love seeing them stretched around me.” Tony hummed in agreement, imagination already offering him scene after scene of blowing Phil everywhere: their beds, Phil’s office, in front of the entire team…the last made him shudder and reach reflexively down for his cock. “Oh I don’t think so, no. Bruce told us all what a good boy you’re being about orgasms, how much you like waiting until you’re given permission. You’ll hold off until I tell you.”
This is an interesting question, and one that different individuals on the team would likely answer uniquely.
That wrenching sob that had cut clear across the battlefield rang out again, and Steve swayed from his crumped position as he was shoved hard enough to send him sprawling. Peter stood above him, mask off, eyes red and furious.
“So the money for the bills, I’d be working to pay it back? It’d be like a loan?” Peter asked hopefully. Tony snorted.
(And if it was easier, too, to throw himself into work a little bit to avoid thinking too much about the looming anniversary of the other Tony’s death, well, Dr. Domen said as long as he wasn’t going into complete denial or allowing himself to get too isolated from the team, that was probably okay.)
The other Steve, the one who had spent all week reliving the loss of his dead lover whose face this new version of Tony wore, he was….well, detached wasn’t quite the word for it. It reminded him of the first time he’d opened Natasha’s file to find the section usually devoted to fingerprints blank except for a brief note:
Another disjointed set of images and memories offered themselves up, this time of the universe he was in now. Dancing with Steve; the team sparring with such joy and unity; Bruce’s steady, careful hands during check-ins; the way it felt to be on his knees, trusting them to hold him steady and take away his responsibilities and worries until he could carry them again; their unwavering faith, the way the team never looked at him or one another with the kind of wariness and caution that had always coloured how the Avengers in his own universe interacted with each other by the end.
Further information and instructions about all assignments will be posted to Stark Secure Servers far in advance of the assignment deadlines.
“Sir, I have just received a call from a secure line in Wakanda on the team’s behalf. Captain Rogers is en route from Wakanda.”
That, Tony told himself, was a relief.
is the reigning king of Wakanda. He is a submission-inclined Switch, under long-term contract with
“It happened again after Tony, didn’t it?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve carefully placed his metal bookmark back in his book, set it on the coffee table, and stretched his legs out fully so that the pops and cracks from the tiny bones in his ankles and feet were audible. Tony tracked every movement, growing more outraged by the second.
The bots took off, charging down the centre of the workshop at full speed. Butterfingers, who never failed to treat it as a race regardless of the fact that stopping was the actual point of the exercise, used her arm to grab something off one of the tables and chuck it at Dummy, who responded by altering his course to nearly steer her into You. Ever the eldest sibling in attitude if not in creation date, You made a tired sounding protest that sounded like it was directed at Tony. When they neared the end of the shop, You and Dummy both took wide turns around the benches and began hurtling back the opposite direction. Butterfingers, meanwhile, didn’t bother to turn around and showed off the impressive speed of her reverse mode instead. Tony let them get closer to himself and Barnes than he would have normally, just to see what the other man would do, but he appeared entirely unconcerned by the sight of three heavy and manic machines bearing down on them both. He was too busy whooping and cheering the bots on. (Tony didn’t think he’d ever seen the guy really smile before. It was a good look on him.)
“No. I think she’s about five years younger than you are all guessing. HOMER, compare Ms. Marvel’s response times during and outside of school hours.” SHIELD’s AI responded in less than two minutes.
Something about Masdee’s words stuck with him all through the rest of the day and into the evening. He caught Tony looking at him curiously a few times throughout the television they watched after dinner (some kind of psuedo reality-show about a divorced couple that fell in love again during the process of flipping a house), and was not entirely surprised when he stayed behind after everyone but the two of them had trailed off to bed.
the way this man was clearly ignorant about almost every way that pleasure and pain and intimacy were structured in this world. The gnawing feeling in his gut felt almost like pity.
The others called out greetings as she stepped inside the room. The space was really coming together now, offering an elegant mix of opportunities for both comfort and experimentation. It wouldn’t have worked for the other Tony, and that truth made the permanent ache near her ribs that would always be his absence twinge, but the thought mostly brought about relief. If this didn’t demonstrate unequivocally to this Tony that they knew and valued him on his own terms, nothing would.
Bucky consented to change into a pair of swimming trunks easily enough, but he showed little interest in scrambling into the water the way most of the team had already done. (Tony  was certain the pair of them were being watched extremely closely, but he felt oddly grateful for their willingness to let him take the lead for now.) So Tony all but pushed Bucky into a lounge chair, and proceeded to clamber into his lap.
“I’m starving,” he said instead, thinking of the jutting bones at Tony’s waist and Bruce’s countless notes in their shared folder about his sporadic food intake. “Want a hot dog?”
you or something. I recognize that even if you did share our Tony’s orientation you still might not have had any interest in joining us in a romantic or sexual capacity. That you are not in fact a submissive, nor any other recognized orientation of this universe, might make that more likely and it might not. Our Tony’s relationship to his orientation was…complicated. But that doesn’t mean we can’t be your friends and your teammates. We can help you with this. Bruce could teach you anything you want to know about the science behind how orientation works here. Natasha, Clint and I could teach you about the way it impacts things like body language and diction and clothing choices. While Asgard operates under some similar conditions, our orientation classification system is by no means identical to ours, so Thor would have a lot of insight to offer about how to adjust. As would Bucky and Steve, in their own—”
They’d gone by a different name in this universe, and without the fall of Sokovia the team had been working with far more favourable public opinion, but the question of regulation had always been inevitable. Steve and this universe's Tony had slept in separate beds for weeks at a time as they'd argued, coming together only to fulfill their biologically necessary orientational demands. There had been screaming and failed attempts at mediation and more screaming and one of the walls on the 72nd floor would probably never be the same, but the team had fought like hell to stay together, to hear one another, and to lobby for a version of the agreement that they could live with.
Tony revised his currently glowing mental opinion of Rhodey. He was truly a terrible, terrible friend.
The major distinction between the two universes is the presence of the hormones subtonin and Dominin in the D/s universe. The hyperstimulation of the a submissive’s anterior cingulate cortex (which, as Dr. Banner outlined in the sixth chapter, produces an intense desire to please others) can last for up to 24-72 hours, so most submissive need to remain close to their Dominants, particularly after an intense scene. They also require varying levels of praise and assurance. In the absence of these things, the submissive may experience a severe panic response, or attempt increasingly dangerous ways of proving themselves to the Dominant.
Next to him, Rhodey sighed and reached across the elevator to slip a hand around the back of Tony’s neck. His grip was tight and warm, and despite himself Tony’s shoulders inched ever so slightly away from his ears.
Steve felt his own Dominance rise up in response. He wasn’t pleased to see Thor struggling, of course, but Steve was quite literally built for this, made to be able to ease Thor past whatever the source of this uncharacteristic resistance was and get him back on solid ground. All hints of tiredness fading away, Steve stood and dug into the nightstand he had been using as his own lately. His residency in Tony’s room was new enough that he wasn’t as well supplied as he would have been if he were on his own floor, but moving between levels with Thor so unstable right now felt like it would be a mistake. He seized the simple leather cuffs he found and beckoned Thor toward him.
“You’re fine. Just…just take care of him, alright? Take care of them both.”
He assumed that Tony, who was always juggling at least three jobs at once, would similarly enjoy his freedom and seize the opportunity for a work binge with relatively few interruptions. Instead, something in the submissive seemed to kind of give in the wake of his scene with Steve. Every member of the team remarked at some point on Tony’s excellent behaviour; he attended check-ins without complaint, he completed the ‘homework’ Phil had assigned (which Coulson readily admitted he’d expected to get some real resistance on); he accepted hand-feeding pretty much whenever it was offered, and it became such a regular thing to find him kneeling or cross-legged on the floor at someone’s feet that they stopped even bothering to put his kneeling pillow away at the end of the day.
“Tony,” Steve said slowly, “I am not going to take your kid from you.”
“How did the gold respond to you?”
I truly never thought I would be answering questions about Tony Stark’s sleeping arrangements, though truly I should have known better! I really should demand a raise…
Bruce arrived in under two minutes. He was flushed and sleep mussed and Steve knew a moment of regret for waking him, especially when JARVIS and Tony filled him on why he’d been summoned so early in the morning. But he didn’t look at Steve with pity or annoyance. Indeed, he barely addressed himself to Steve at all beyond a short greeting nod. Instead, he turned his attention entirely to Tony, who whined good-naturedly as Bruce got him up on all fours in an inspection position.
“Seriously, though, you wanna talk about what prompted Scrub Fest here, or should I just start guessin’?” The spray was bubbling, which Steve didn’t remember the cleaners telling him would happen, but it was probably normal, right? He sighed and set the bottle down on the edge of the tub.
“And why are we doing this? Why are you being punished?” Natasha asked, her hand resting possessively on his ass. Contrary to her suggestion, the language of punishment and forgiveness felt essential to Tony for reasons he couldn’t yet explain even to himself. But Natasha was, apparently, deadly serious about how he was supposed to understand its purpose.
It was the best scene…well, series of scenes, really, that Tony had ever been involved with. And still, all through the glorious hours of aftercare, that sense of anxiety from before didn’t fully dissipate. The sex had been incredible, of course it had, but he’d thought…well, for a while there it had felt like they were going somewhere further with all of it. Whatever he’d been hoping for (okay, he knew what he’d been hoping for, what he’d been fixated on for weeks now if he were really honest) never came. He was basically himself again by dinner the next day, and mentally planning a days-long binge in the shop to try to work through the absurd disappointment he felt. He had partners, more than one of them, who loved and adored him. He could learn to let that be enough, couldn’t he?
“I know it’s a little weird to see he and Pepper so close, but you have to try to reign it in,” Steve advised quietly, unearthing an unopened bag of bell peppers in the fridge and beginning to cut them up. Clint growled.
me. I deserved that at least.”
Some of the owl’s foam had apparently made it through Natasha’s thick bodysuit, because her left forearm was covered in a yellow paste that didn’t fully disguise the angry redness of the skin beneath it. Her lip had been split, too, and her hair was matted suspiciously against the right side of her head. Tony didn’t dare stand yet, but he squinted as surreptitiously as it was really possible to squint, trying to get a better look. Natasha had never been one to accept being fussed over, so he expected some resistance to what he knew were, to someone with her training, probably laughably bad efforts at subtlety. But Natasha was too busy staring back, eyes darting between Tony and Steve as if trying to fit the single remaining piece into a puzzle where it just wasn’t fitting.
“I…sure, yeah, of course. Historically, North America has forbidden orientational interactions in the workplace, The argument is that this prevents abuse, like say if a Dominant supervisor leveraged a submissive’s headspace to force them to take on more work than they wanted to, for instance.”
But wait, Jana, you’re saying, that little speech might be eloquent, but what does it really have to do with orientation? Put simply, everything. He could easily have critiqued the fact that by asking for this private medical information to be released, Stark Industries is plainly grasping at straws to try to distract from their own participation in a cover-up that endangered public health. Instead, he went after the very conception of biological indicators like bloodwork as objective, wholesale measures of identity. He shared intensely private, personal information to remind us all that who we are—our hearts, our souls, whatever you wanna call it according to your own belief systems and values—that can’t be easily measured and charted on graphs.
this woman think—what, that Steve wasn’t aware of everything that had lost that day? She could never even comprehend the pain of it, the crushing ache that followed Steve around every second—“I do not mean that you have not mourned. There
“I didn’t mean…I know you need my help right now, I didn’t mean to do this Steve.” The water that Steve lifted him up and set him into was the perfect temperature, and even better was the press of Steve’s body against his back once his Dominant had shed his own clothes and slid into the tub.
“I want the specs on this.” That was definitely Bruce, whose appreciation for Tony’s mind was just as intense as his desire for the rest of the man. Tony laughed and spun around for the team to admire him from all angles. (Clearly every version of the man knew how to work a room.)
Steve froze in the act of digging a blue gumball out from between the couch cushions. It wasn’t entirely a shock. Tony had alluded to wanting to separate his own identity from the armour before, but Steve had never fully trusted that he wouldn’t fall back in love with the role, especially in a context where he was better supported and appreciated by both the team and the public at large.
“I’m so
Tony watched as the kid proceeded to wolf down the food, barely stopping to breathe. His worry for Peter was obvious and entirely justified as far as Steve was concerned, but the taut desperation from before was slowly fading away. By the time Peter finished eating and Tony began to speak, he sounded almost like his usual self.
My own gift for Stark shall come in time, though I confess that it may be outside of even Amazon’s reach.
“Mmm, yeah you do need, don’t you? You’re all need and wide-eyed curiosity and I swear Tony it is the hottest fucking thing. Now you’ve distracted me, where was I…ah, the spreader bar, right. Well, I could put a nice thick plug in you—glass, so I could see hints of your pretty hole opening up. You’d be dripping for me then, I’m sure, just like you are now.” As if to prove his point, Clint collected the pre-come pooling on his fingers, offering it to Tony who sucked them into his mouth like he was starving. He threw every bit of frantic desperation he felt into it, swirling his tongue, alternating depth and pressure, working Clint’s with the same skill and attention he would absolutely use to work Clint’s cock if given half the chance. When Clint went to take them back, Tony whimpered again, increasing the suction as if he could force Clint to stay if he was just good enough, dedicated enough to his task. “Fucking Christ, Tony, look at you. So fucking desperate for even a phantom hint of it, it’s amazing you’ve gone so long without a Dominant when you clearly need it so badly. Fuck.” Clint slid his fingers out then, but before Tony could complain, the spit-slick digits were wrapped far more tightly around his cock than they’d been thus far. The relief of the friction was as sweet as his first deep breath of oxygen had been when Carol had returned him to Earth, burning and soothing right down to a cellular level. “I’d let you kneel for me with the plug in for a good while. Maybe even watch some TV. That’d drive you just a bit crazy I think, being ignored when you felt so needy.” Tony grunted an agreement, because even hearing it was enough to make him want to sob in frustration. “Yeah, sugar cookie, you’d want to be the star. But the part I’m still trying to work out is would you want my attention once you really had all of it? When I took the plug out and fucked you right there on the floor, so hard and fast and deep that you could feel it all the way through, and you were begging me to let you come, would you still be so desperate to have me focused on you?”
But that was precisely why this felt right, now. Steve’s offense had been one against Tony as a person, yes, and he could and would apologize for that as well. But his greater crime had been as a Dominant against a submissive, and so, he’d decided, he would start there with the profoundest signal of contrition a Dom could give a sub.
“I mean, I guess, but I can go back to sleeping on my floor or—”
This made it all the more shocking to enter Bruce’s lab and come face to face with the Hulk. For a moment, Tony was struck utterly dumb. It had been so long since he’d seen the Hulk in person, and longer still since it had really
“I know we don’t usually…but I sort of wanted a check-in, if that’s alright? We can do it here, I don’t want to totally mess up the vacay-vibes you got going.” Bruce didn’t hide his surprise, but he patted the spot between his legs on the lounger. Tony clambered onto it, trying to picture how Bruce was imagining him fitting into a kneeling pose, but he found himself tugged into what was essentially a cuddle instead.
“So all the Doms here are…what, service Doms?” Again, Bruce laughed, the motion sending a bit of hair flying forward. For just a second, Tony ached to brush it away, which was weird. Had it really only taken one day of this version of the team being touchy-feely with him (
“Did Clint seem like he had a particularly easy time with the punishment I set him?” Tony recalled the way Clint had looked perilously close to tears when he had finally been convinced to exit the penthouse vents, and shook his head vigorously. Phil chuckled, but then went quiet for long enough that Tony started to wonder if he had missed a cue somewhere and had managed to turn things awkward. “Honestly, outside of our work-related dynamics it has been a while since I got to spend much time in a Dominant headspace. The past couple years, I’ve been the closest thing the team had to a full-time submissive. Well, Bucky maybe, but that’s…complicated. All I mean is there hasn’t always been a lot of time for me to spend on the other side of things.” The thought of one of his Dominants not getting what he needed made Tony frown in discontent and press himself closer to Phil. (He wished he could have arrived in this universe sooner. It was a child’s wish, one oddly suited to the taste of sugar and artificial flavouring that lingered on his tongue and to the cartoon soundtrack in the background. Tony wouldn’t have willingly doomed his own universe, nor given up a second with his Pep, or Rhodey or Pet—anyone. And he was sure they felt the same about their own Tony, even about the time they’d needed to grieve his loss. But for just a few seconds, he let himself wish it anyway.)
The idea of this Tony losing not just a child, but
Community Days, and could think of no better anecdote to the team’s collective ennui.
“I’ll come around and sit in the front.”
“I mean, depending on who exactly you were speaking to they might buy you a beer if they thought you had something to do with it.” And then, because Dr. Domen’s words were always chosen with care, and never casual even when they appeared to be so, he considered the question he knew her to be truly asking.
“Uh…both? Sorta?”
“That’s really good. I know we covered this when we first discussed moving you in here, but he and your aunt are welcome here anytime. I agree it’s a good idea having you relocate until the worst of this mess blows over, but none of us want you to isolate yourself from the people in your life.”
satiated. Add submission into that mix, the way it had made him feel flayed open and raw and exposed, and Tony might not survive it when that happened.
“Wait, what? Are you serious? I don’t—why don’t I remember that?” Tony demanded. It was bad enough to think he had his Dominants to blame for the extreme case of blue balls he had going on. It would be way worse to find out it was entirely the fault of his own brain.
He hadn’t thought it would effect him quite this much; Tony loved and trusted JARVIS, after all, and the AI had regularly been the closest thing to a doctor Tony ever allowed to assess him in his own universe. But every time Bruce verified something Tony had said with Jay it was a shameful reminder of the fact that Tony wasn’t fully trusted right now. When he’d lied to Bruce in this space, one that the entire team (including, he could grudgingly admit, Tony himself) regarded as almost sacred, he’d broken something between them, something that would take time and effort to repair. By comparison, the immediacy of the physical punishment felt as if it had been miles easier to endure.
Steve was disregarding those instructions entirely, Tony realized with a start. He’d arranged the lot of them in the way he felt would make Tony most comfortable, regardless of the optics. That simple kindness made it almost easy to smile fondly at the other man for just a couple of seconds longer than one normally would look at a friend or co-worker. The flash of cameras in response to this mere suggestion of intimacy was dazzling even from behind a pair of sunglasses. Every hand in the room was raised, and though they had started with the usual ‘be calm, be orderly, don’t bang on the glass of the animals’ enclosure, please’ speech, almost every one of them was shouting out their questions as well. Tony addressed himself, as Pepper had suggested, to a young woman in a headscarf and a sharp blue suit in the front row. (He could already guess why. Her enthusiasm was obvious, but if she possessed the almost callous hunger of many of her peers she at least had the decency to hide it better.)
“So his sister was…magical?” For a moment, Tony looked surprised by the question. Then he took two steps forward and half collapsed into the nearest chair.
“I mean, I know he was all subby and soft and squishy and stuff, but was that really it? Was that all I had to do make you guys fucking hear me? Did he really have it that goddamn easy?” The only thing that stopped Steve from echoing the other man’s destructive impulses by shattering or tossing something was the fact that this was T’Challa’s room, not his own. Masdee would murder him on principal.
Whatever the case, there was no way he could permit himself to get comfortable, and definitely no benefit in his getting attached. Not even to Coulson, steady and snarky and hyper-competent Coulson who might have fixed their goddamn mess if he’d lived. Nor even to JARVIS. That one would probably be the hardest; even after all the ghosts Tony had buried and re-buried lately, hearing J’s voice after so many years had been exquisitely painful.  (And damn it Tony had done all he was supposed to, hadn’t he? Was it so unforgivably awful to just reach out, just for tonight…)
“I wanted to see you touch yourself, lazy and slow because you had all day and you wanted to take your time, wallow in the pleasure.”
Tony squeezed a generous portion of lube onto his fingers. He pulled his knees up to his chest and released a breath as he slid his index gently inside; it had been a long time since he’d indulged in anal play (it hadn’t been a particular kink of Pepper’s, and he hadn’t trusted many of his previous partners to top.) But he imagined that he was doing exactly as he’d been instructed, playing with his hole not just for the sake of it but to prepare himself to be…to be used later that day. He moaned, and his other hand crept toward his cock, wrapping it in a loose fist.
“Absolutely not. I think it was when it first happened, Tony said something about it getting infected multiple times, but by the time he got here it was on its way to healing properly. All I’ve done is help it along and prevent the infection from reoccurring.” Looking every bit the absent-minded professor, Bruce pulled a pen from behind his ear to chew on. “And of course submission in this context means you think that it’s possible that this universe could be impacting him physiologically. It would be highly unlikely, but he did go down incredibly fast yesterday. Even our…the other Tony, I really don’t know if even he was that responsive, and if you believe half of what they say about Trues…”
“You’re so pretty like this Tony. So beautiful on your knees for me, trusting me like this.”
“If they had but listened to him…” One of them ended up saying some version of this almost every week. This time it was Thor, who so rarely allowed himself to grow angry or bitter with regret.
“Seriously? He left you too! Why would—
“Not…bad, but just. Well, remind me what you know about evolution, Tony.” Obediently, Tony spouted off everything he could remember about monkeys and Darwin and finches and natural selection. Howard gave no visible signs of approval (of course he didn’t, Tony was six, of course he should probably know more than this), but he didn’t yell or demand Tony leave the lab and return with a better answer, so it counted as somewhat of a victory. “Now, would you say it’s a desirable trait for people to need each other as much as True subs and Doms do, Tony? For them to not be able to function, for their muscles to stop responding to their brains and their minds to become frantic, just because they aren’t spending enough time in their headspace?”
Steve resisted the urge, barely, to bang his head against the wall. Or the island. Or any hard surface, really. Now he didn’t just have the memory of the sound, or the image of Tony in the aftermath, he had the man himself explicitly talking about the porn he’d been watching to prepare to submit to the rest of Steve’s lovers. (Someone, somewhere, really hated Steve.)
“You ever see them run an extended break operation test?”
He could almost feel May’s relief as she surveyed the space. Really, he couldn’t blame her. The weeks since Peter’s identity had been revealed to the world had been a nightmare for everyone. It had taken reporters mere hours to find their apartment and begin camping out, and while the expensive joint legal team that Stark Industries and the Avengers had sicked on the press had quickly reduced the number of “Spider-Man’s a Murderer!” accounts. Unfortunately, there was no returning things to the perilous equilibrium Peter had almost managed to find in those few weeks between returning from Europe and his outing at the posthumous hand of Mysterio. The most he could now hope for was to minimize the collateral damage. Without Peter to worry about, May would be able to give up their apartment and move in with Happy. His building was better secured, and once the press realized Peter wasn’t with them, they would undoubtedly find the reward of trying to track her an entirely worthless effort.
doesn’t mean I lack appreciation for sweet things,” Natasha volleyed back, grinning. “But you are still welcome to be the tiebreaker here, Steve. Pull up a chair.”
“Thanos. Stabbed me with a piece of my own armour, actually, which was just insulting. Then I was…well, not able to get it treated right away, so it got infected a few times. Bruce mostly has a handle on it. I’m on a shit ton of antibiotics and there’s painkillers if I want them, but I try not to. There’s, he has some kind of topical thing he puts on it at the end of really bad days, it kind of numbs the area a bit, but—” Steve knew exactly the stuff Tony was talking about, and he was on his feet and halfway to the med wing before he realized he hadn’t actually asked if Tony wanted it. But he was in pain, surely he’d excuse Steve being slightly overbearing if it meant getting some relief?
“Won’t it hurt?” The question was probably one of the more foolish ones Tony had ever asked aloud, but the artistry of the marks combined with the obviously positive effect they had on Barnes was captivating, and he was sorely tempted by the offer. Clint glanced toward them with a smile Tony would have called indulgent except for the slightly dangerous edge Tony had come to associate with Clint in Dom-mode. (It was, he mused, a disturbingly hot combination.)
Tony hadn’t taken the housing unit off his chest the other night for the punishment, too comforted by its presence in an unfamiliar and stressful moment. But it felt right and already familiar to remove it now and hand it off to Bruce, who looked just as overwhelmed by the gesture as Steve had that first night.
It was awkward at first; Barnes clearly wasn’t used to working with a hostile audience, and he glanced backward at Tony every ten seconds or so as if awaiting criticism. But the thing was…there was nothing to critique. Barnes was absolutely methodical. He cleaned cooling vents and filters, tightened bolts, checked cable connections, all while keeping up a gentle prattle that appeared to delight all three bots.
“JARVIS, ETA on Tony please?” There was a pause, far longer than JARVIS usually took to confer with other members of the team.
“The only indicators that are remotely outside the normal range are those related to orientation. Your subtonin levels are dangerously low; your coristol is also trending higher than is healthy, though given how low the subtonin readings are I would actually expect higher. This leads me to conclude that you are not a submissive, or at least you weren’t until quite recently.” He vaguely registered Rhodey pivoting in place and into a protective stance with his back to Tony, but his own eyes never left Chimva’s. She stared back evenly, no trace of judgement or even surprise. “In many ways this is the best possible scenario, Mr. Stark. If there was no subtonin present in your system that would be an anomaly I would be compelled by law to share. These readings, however, indicate on the surface that you are simply in a state of ill-health; it takes an act of interpretation beyond what I would offer a paying client to realize the full truth.”
“I’m not sure why, Tony. I know you still don’t want to discuss bloodwork and I’m not pressing for it, but it’s possible that the longer you spend here, the more you’re taking on some of the biological aspects of orientation. Cells are constantly regenerating, after all, and—well, you can tell me if and when you’re ready to investigate that option further. It is also possible that even without those elements of submission, it’s still something that your mind needs and desires badly enough that it just…eliminated information that it didn’t, at least on some level, want to hear.”
