What the ever-loving fuck had he just gotten himself into?
“Hey,” Dean said, finding his feet and approaching. “I'm hoping you're Castiel.”
“Double your men,” Crowley ordered. “My love must be protected.”
“More like the second,” Sam answered. “What have you been up to?”
“There was very little humanity left in that man,” Castiel said as he examined. “I’m not surprised he died like a beast instead of a human.”
The cave was damp with swamp at the entrance, but Castiel kept going, so it must have been deeper than it first appeared. By the time Dean had caught up with him, the floor was dry and the entrance was no longer visible. The light from the make-shift torch cast flickering shadows and barely pierced the darkness.
“Why what?”
The sun was low in the horizon before they broke for camp. Sam begged Castiel to let him come with him to catch dinner, and Castiel agreed, amused at Sam’s hero worship. They came back with several rabbits, while the others were still setting up tents, and Castiel looked more than a little thoughtful. Dean hoped Sam hadn’t said anything stupid.
They turned frantically to look for her, a moment of panic flashing through him before he spotted her. She was on the ground, five feet away, clutching her arm. Dean breathed a sigh of relief.
Sam gestured to Dean. “We need to talk in private,” Sam told them. “Don’t,” he added, pointing a finger at Gabriel, “try to go anywhere. We might be able to help you.”
Dean worked his jaw for a moment, uncomfortable that Castiel had soused that out.
Several people turned to look at them. Dean winked at an older man that was probably an oil baron or something and the guy scowled and looked away sharply.
The possibility of seeming overeager didn’t remotely occur to him until after he was already seated in the main dining hall.
While he ate, Castiel sat beside him, swords in his lap, and began to run his fingers along the edges of the blade. A faint blue wavered on the surface of the steal before it seemed to sink in.
“Good.”
Dean groaned. “Yeah.” He reached for his fly. “Yeah, okay.”
“Hey man, you okay?”
“Bi.”
Dean was silent for a moment, mulling this over. Castiel’s eyes wandered over him appraisingly and he knew he was going to have to answer some questions too.
Dean was impressed. “Whiskey’s good,” he said as he wandered around the room. The blue striped country-styled couch in the middle of the room faced a tiny TV, and there was a bookcase in the corner, next to the kitchen pass through and the left wall, which was full of a mismatch of books.
Kevin waited with Castiel, watching everyone entering the chapel in their finest clothes. He was getting twitchy. Which was making Castiel twitchy. At least, he would twitch, if he could move more than his facial muscles.
“Hello Dean,” he said warmly. Slowly, as his gaze roamed over Dean, his smile dropped. “What?”
He would have come so fast, too, if Castiel hadn’t seen the movement and put an immediate end to the motion. He didn’t say anything, he simply reached for Dean’s hand and pulled it off his cock. Then he took the other one, still on his thigh, and moved it to his chest. Holding both of Dean’s wrists tight against his torso, Castiel began thrusting harder.
"I’m not as naive as you think I am," Castiel tells him as he crawls over Dean on the bed, pushing him back down. "For example, I know you’re a filthy slut, Dean Winchester." Dean gasps, his eyes dilating quickly. "I know you not only fucked your fist, but fingered your ass. I know you used a lot of lube and stretched yourself raw until you were cussing like a sailor and using my name as a prayer."
“Oh fuck!” Dean says, slamming his head back into the door. “You, you were going to. Tongue. Ass. Licking.” It’s about all Dean manages to get out before he groans again as Cas suddenly grips  his erection through his pants.
Dean huffed. “Fine.”
He curls his tongue around the shaft, works his throat and cheeks, sucking hard, until he has to pull up just a bit, just enough to catch his breath.
Cas cleared his throat. “Anyway. I made a second copy of the script earlier, in case Anna wanted to help me.”
Literally- the paper in Louisville headlined the event with “Evil Spirit Threatens Tourist Haven.” Dean had set his mug of mediocre diner coffee down slowly and passed the paper to Sam without a word. Within a minute, cash was laid on the table and the duo was back in the car, eating pavement on the way south.
“Don't mock me,” Dean growled. “I died that day. I died so completely that I am dead even now. And you can die too, you son of a bitch!”
“I did, and it was wonderful.”
Castiel nodded and slipped into the chair across from Dean. “That’s what I was remembering today. When I looked into that fire. I pushed my way through fire and brimstone, my wings aflame, my soul,“ he shook his head, “my grace burning. It’s fuzzy still, Dean, but I remember that. Pushing myself beyond my limit, burning myself alive to get to you before you could pick up that razor and go down a dark and dangerous path, one you may well have lost yourself in.”
Dean sighed and ran a hand over his face, trying to compose himself before stepping back inside.
Dean directed Sam back inside. The door clicked behind him, and he turned to look out the glass back to Castiel.
“Cas-“ Dean began, unsure of what he was going to say.
It wasn’t hard to find Professor Novak’s class. It was in the same building as his office, on the wing that wasn’t damaged, so they didn’t bother moving the class location to a different room. Dean could hear Castiel’s deep, rich voice from the hallway. He poked his head in the door to take a look.
Dean pulled back sharply.
His own heart hammered in his chest as he turned and strode out of the room to find Sam and Cas, and hopefully Dean.
“Really, Dean?” Castiel asked. “Stealing dances from kids now?”
Castiel was working on collecting his arrows and was already to the two from the long distance shots. He froze when he reached the last arrow.
He was a coward.
“We hunt ghosts and shit,” Dean said.
It was mere moments before the ghost flickered in.
The leaves were dry and crunchy underfoot, the very beginnings of Autumn upon their kingdom. It wouldn’t be long before snow began to fall. It was strange– the last time Dean had been on this journey, it had been mid-Autumn then too.
And when he laughed, his face was like pure sunshine.
‘im. What, comin’ back for more? Ya made him leave town ya know, thought my establishment wasn’t safe.”
in my storage room, you heathens!” she yelled. “Get out! Get out now!”
Castiel didn’t say anything. He seemed to be warring with himself. After an hour of riding peacefully side by side, he reached out, as if hoping to take Dean’s hand, and aborted the gesture. Dean acted before he could think and intercepted the falling hand. He curled their fingers together and squeezed.
“Dorothy?” Sam asked. “The one who served Crowley?”
“I’m just…” He’s just what? How did he finish that statement? ‘I just want to drag you into the backseat and fuck you senseless?’ Yeah, ‘cause that wouldn’t send Cas running for the hills.
Castiel laughed and the bed trembled gently.
Castiel had surely left a bruise in Dean’s ankle before he finally sunk his teeth into Dean’s shoulder and whimpered as he came. Dean could feel him pulsing, convulsing gently against him, before he went boneless, barely catching himself from crushing Dean with his free arm.
Dean paid for Castiel’s clothes with the money he stole from the guy trying to kill him and didn’t feel remotely bad about it. There was something circular in the logic, some sort of cycle of life bullshit, a meaningful metaphor, but Dean was happy with calling it irony and moving on.
“You’re teasing me,” Castiel accused. “You can’t possibly be afraid of riding a horse.”
. Let me ride you. Need-”
“They're gaining,” the Asian notified his boss.
That was normal, right?
“I will leave you to your bath,” Castiel said. His cheeks were red and he wouldn’t meet Dean’s eye as he shuffled his way to the door.
A stone which was engraved with the words, “Here lies the once and true King and his loving wife, the once and true Queen.”
Dean shrugged. “Maybe. So what are we working on tonight?”
Well. That answered Dean’s earlier ponderance.
Dean watched intently while Castiel finally sipped at the glass, expecting him to sputter. But he surprised Dean completely by nodding instead. “Nice hint of apple,” Castiel said. “Dean what are you doing? Shouldn’t we be–”
Cas is standing in the doorway to his room, an entirely too smug look on his face. Dean feels like a deer caught in deep blue headlights. How did he get the door open without Dean hearing anyway?
Dean choked on his burger. He’d literally just inhaled the hunk of meat when he heard Charlie use the word queer. As he bent over and sputtered, Castiel patted him on the back comfortingly.
“And now you’re playing Mark,” Pamela said, taking control of the conversation again.
But when he caught his reflection in the door to the patio, he knew he looked damn good and that it was all worth it.
Castiel nearly drew blood, he bit so hard.
Dean’s head is spinning. Castiel sighs and stands up. He places a palm on Dean’s cheek. “I can’t be fucking my secretary,” Castiel says. “And even if you wanted this to be the only time we do this, I don’t want it to be. You’d be a distraction for me.” He smiles. “You already were, this would just make it worse.”
he reminded himself. Then added,
“I mean. Literally,” Cas continued. “One of the most queer icons in the world. In your
Crowley eyed him curiously. Metatron knew about his brilliant plan, there was no reason to pretend otherwise. Unless, of course, someone was listening. Metatron tilted his head just a fraction to the side and Crowley moved his gaze to the hallway where a young boy was mopping the floors.
Actually, he kind of is, just minus the rack and heels.
“You haven’t seen this before?”
They were open in surprise. “Yes. I told you I could receive.”
Castiel wiggled his toes and thought that maybe he could make it to that door over there if he flopped hard enough and used the wall as support. There was a lot more scuffling down the hallway and he was in no state to take on whatever was coming on his own. Hopefully, whatever was on the other side of the door, it was at least a place to hide.
“Yes, yes, I can give you all of that!” Metatron said, falling to his knees on the stone floor.
awfully hard.”
It was nice to awaken naturally for a change, and comfortably at that. His arms were wrapped around a comfy blob of warmth and his nose, which tends to get chilly on the tip, was buried deep in between–
“Dean—?”
“Oh,” Dorothy said, uncrossing her arms and stepping forward. “Well that's different. Bring him inside.”
The theatre was old, falling apart. The velvet upholstery on the seating was stained, faded, and running thin in spots. The gold trimmings and filigrees along the proscenium that framed the stage were peeling and needed to be resurfaced. The aisles were sticky with who knows what, as pop and alcohol was not allowed in the theatre, but somehow the grime from the outside had seeped in anyway. The stage was scuffed and little pieces of marking tape clung stubbornly to it. The audio system was to tell the actors to speak louder. The electrical system for the lights was old, finicky, and took a little extra love and patience to get set right.
Then the rich and powerful Castiel Milton collapses into the chair Dean had not 15 minutes ago been sitting in and laughs.
“And what did Rhonda Hurley do?”
“No,” Castiel replied, “But that hair gets everywhere. I had to lint roller my pants six times before heading down to the casino.”
Arriving at the closest tavern, the somber air did not improve. It didn’t take long to learn that there had indeed been a death, two actually. A beloved politician and his daughter. The girl had been only eight years old.
They supplemented the meal with rations, and it was delicious, as usual. Yet Castiel ate very little, Dean noted. Just a few pieces of coon meat.
“Just letting you get a few good dodges in so you can die with some pride intact,” Sam said with a little cheek.
Dean grabbed the soap and started on Castiel’s body, Castiel sighing happily. When Castiel was declared clean enough, he took the soap and began to clean Dean.
“Mostly dead,” Dorothy corrected. “And there is a big difference between mostly dead and all dead. Mostly dead means still slightly alive.” She took the bellows from Charlie. “Open his mouth.”
“Well he’s not exactly practicing, but he does seem to know how to handle wood.”
The can of coke hissed as Dean slid his finger beneath the tab and popped it open. He helped himself to a seat on Castiel’s bed and took a sip of the bubbly beverage.
Dean dodged another blow, maneuvering to the side and thrusted upward. Exortium went straight up through Azazel’s gut.
is currently queued up, but we can watch whatever.”
After a round of laughter, Benny called for Scooter, his family’s basset hound, and Sam kissed him soundly on top of the head.
When they broke for lunch, Castiel once again taught Dean about sword play. It was truly amazing to watch Castiel work his sword. He moved like liquid, like it was nothing more than a dance to him. He might not be the best swordsman, but he was still skilled, and even more graceful. His toned, firm body distracted Dean only a few times before he disciplined himself, focusing on the blades.
“Mawwage. Mawwage is what bwings us togevah today. Mawwage, that bwessed awwangement, that dweam wifin a dweam-”
Dean was confused for a moment before he understood what the guy had assumed. “Oh, no, that’s not, I mean,” he stuttered. “Dean,” he managed to get out smoothly. He offered his hand. “Thanks for saving me the bruised fist.”
“Hurry,” Crowley hissed.
“You– What?”
Castiel exhaled next to him. “Dean, are you angry with me?” Castiel asked. “Should I leave? You don’t need me now, I could go back. But I… Well I probably shouldn’t say this, but I can’t…” He trailed off. “Can’t get over you,” he finally finished. He moved to stand but Dean cut him off with sharp grab of his hand.
They picked up a bunch of beef jerky and a twelve pack of Mountain Dew before making the trek up the windy, forest cloaked road that connects Gatlinburg to Pigeon Forge, and then Sevierville beyond that. The acid yellow Dew wasn’t what Dean’s liver was craving, but if Cas was right about something being after Daniel, they could be watching the place all night long.
“Nooo!” Castiel screamed from the other side of the grave, arm raised, palm out, as if reaching for Dean. He turned just in time to see Gatlin, behind him, bend over as if in pain.
When Castiel finally began thrusting, he started slow and unhurried, deep and intimate, until Dean could damn near feel tears crowding in his eyes, unshed with the overwhelming emotion and sensations rolling inside of him. He held Castiel close, or rather, tried, as Castiel’s back was slick with sweat and his hands kept sliding.
Dean shut the door, squiggled a finger on the keypad of the laptop to turn the screen back on, and flipped the lights off. Castiel crawled into Dean’s bed and laid on his belly so that his face was closest to the screen and his knees were bent to avoid kicking the wall at the headboard.
The Man in Black's bandanna shifted as he raised an eyebrow. “Oh?”
“You look unhappy,” Castiel ventured.
The kill, a large raccoon, was roasting over the fire and the delicious smell permeated the cool night air. Dean and Castiel were sitting on separate logs, but on the ends that put them fairly close. Castiel was shirtless still, and while Dean was huddling closer to the fire to chase the chill away, Castiel seemed quite comfortable as he was.
It could have been peaceful if it wasn’t so damn hot and they weren’t trying to constantly keep from dying. The smell of mountain air, of leaves, both fresh and decaying, of mist and dirt, wasn’t something they got to enjoy often. There were birds chirping in the trees and rustles of bushes nearby told them that there were other forest creatures playing in the wilderness.
“Yes she is. She’ll train you as a salesman, not that you’ll need much help. And you’ll be paid significantly better,” Castiel says with a knowing look. “Is that a problem?”
Their faces were close, Castiel holding them that way, so Dean did the only thing that made sense and surged forward to press their lips together.
“Becky, he's married. To Jessica. You've met her,” Dean reminded her.
Dean had to swallow before he could reply. “Yeah,” he said, voice lower than normal. “It's gorgeous.”
. The city was a speck until ten years ago. The internet doesn’t know everything, Sam, especially something Gatlinburg intentionally does not advertise.” Castiel shifted on his feet before venturing, “I’ll take you to the right site.”
“Cousin,” Castiel said, “I wouldn’t resist them.”
“Still fair,” the Man in Black argued. “No weapons, bare hands.”
He had a bad feeling they weren’t going to find this sorcerer-whatever in the next town. In fact, he suspected this was going to take a while. Sam’s birthday was in a week, and he had to be there for it. It was bad enough he was going to have to send Sam a message about where he went when they get to the next town, he
What would have happened if Cas hadn’t made it in time? Would he be a demon now? Would he have been un-savable? Cas had said he could have lost himself. Did he mean physically? Emotionally? Psychologically? He could barely handle the memories he had of hell as it was now. He couldn’t imagine coping if he had cracked.
Sam had a show he had to watch every Monday at 9:00 pm. He was pretty vigilant about making it home in time, no matter what was going on at The Victorian.
“Yeah, okay, Dad.”
Dean’s jaw hit the ground. He took it all back. No option was safe. His friends were evil.
“Got a call from Charlie. The hair is from a seal. We’re dealing with a selkie,” Dean explained. “Well, at least two actually. Cas is one, too.”
“So who is Mark?” Cas asked, crossing his arms and leaning against the opposite counter. Dean nearly spilled his just-opened beer on his shirt. Cas chuckled. “Sorry, I’m just curious. We’ve been here five minutes and he’s been brought up twice.”
“Name?” she asked. It struck Castiel as unfriendly, but that was probably more his own perception affected by his utter terror than anything else.
“Sure.”
Dean swallowed. “It’s just…” Just what? That when it comes to dick, he’s still a chicken shit? The panic was quickly being replaced with embarrassment. His cheeks filled with warmth.
Castiel groaned. He’d been working at his laptop when he got distracted for the fifteen millionth time that day and tabbed over to Facebook.
“Yeah?”
“I was…” Castiel trailed off. Does he tell Dean the reason he chose this costume?
“Hey,” Sam said from the family room. Dean was in the small bedroom and losing all hope, so he came quickly at Sam’s call. “That painting,” he said, “Look at the signature. I think that painter had a piece in every place we’ve been in. What are the odds of that?”
“Why?” Kevin asked.
Castiel snorted. It was followed with a little laugh that Dean echoed. They shared a glance and suddenly the complete irony of Dean’s statement had them cackling with laughter.
“No, no it’s not okay,” Castiel insisted. “Damn it, Omiel, this isn’t fair. I can’t, I don’t know, I, I…”
“I could also hold your hands behind your back, if you lack such self-control.”
“Sam, get the portcullis,” Castiel called to him.
Standing in the middle of a thicket, Dean flung an arm around Castiel and began to laugh.
“Does he like you back?” Kevin asked. Castiel turned and looked at him. Kevin shrugged. “Everyone thinks he does, it’s pretty obvious.”
With his hair a mess, eyes glazed over, and lips red and puffy, Castiel looked like the epitome of a sex god. Dean couldn’t resist pulling Castiel down and meeting him for a deep, quick, sloppy kiss.
Castiel’s eyes slid just to the right, to the mark Azazel had made on him years ago. It no longer worked as a demon-beast beacon, not even when Azazel returned, but the physical mark had remained, even after all these years.
“You’ve been on edge all night,” Castiel explained. “Especially now, I would feel like I was taking advantage.”
“Good night, Dean.”
“What the heck? Who would try to eat wood?” Charlie asked. She was riding by his side, listening attentively. Kevin was on Dean’s other side, and he was making the face he always made any time someone was telling a story– a slightly constipated, squinty look that meant he was thinking too hard, trying to memorize every detail.
“What the– Who the–” Dean tried to say. “What the hell is going on?!”
Dean, recognizing the ‘don’t fuck with me’ tone, wisely took a seat on the couch next to Charlie and across from Cas. Benny took the couch on the other side, next to where Cas was sitting, and Jo sat next to Benny. Sam took some floor space between the couches on the opposite side of Cas, and Sarah sat next to him. Chuck and Becky took the gap left over to complete the circle.
Dean hadn't heard the cap pop open, so the press of slicked fingers to his hole caused him to jump in surprise. Then Castiel's slim fingers were pressing past his rim, sliding inside.
Castiel must have lost his god damn mind because the first thing he thought when he saw the casting sheet on Monday morning was that he didn’t even have $20 to give to Gabriel.
Sam didn't let his eyes linger too long on the various pieces of equipment in the pit. They were clearly designed for pain and torture and made him a little uncomfortable. Other than the equipment, the pit was thankfully empty, except for the person Kevin was trying desperately to free.
Dean looks up and Cas is sitting in his desk chair, fully clothed, with his zipper undone and his boxers pulled down far enough to let his erection stand straight up while he strokes it slowly. A smirk plays at Castiel’s lips. It hits Dean that while his ass has been ate out and pounded with long, beautiful fingers, Castiel has been fully clothed the entire time. He feels another shot of arousal run down his spine at the thought, and he really, really wants to feel that cock inside him.
After a few awkward moments, Castiel said, voice gruff, “I do not like his mark on you like that.”
Dean and Cas exchanged a look. They’d been planning on moving on, but they could turn down the offer and not seem rude. So they stayed for a drink, and when people started to show up for the evening rush, they had a meal and more drinks.
He let Castiel rock into him a few more times, enjoy the tease of pleasure the pressure was bringing, before he tightened his grip on Castiel’s hips and helped change Castiel’s pace and his angle, grinding Castiel into him unabashedly. Stars popped behind his eyes.
He needed time.
At least Dean was. Cas couldn’t keep his hands to himself, and every chance he got he was sliding a palm over Dean’s ass or rubbing fingers into Dean’s wrist. If they had a pause in the conversation where he could get away with it, he’d lean in and whisper filthy promises in Dean’s ear, his lips skimming the tender skin before pulling away.
“LA LA LA LA,” Kevin cried, sticking his fingers in his ears.
Dean removed his hand awkwardly. Castiel couldn’t remember when Dean’s touches had become awkward.
It was awkward, and Dean was ready for the movie. He rinsed both his and Castiel’s plates quickly and stuffed them in the dishwasher before dashing back to his room.
Dean looked up, startled. That thought had actually not occurred to him and it would have been a good excuse if he’d wanted to lie to Cas. Which he didn’t. He did that enough with how he felt.
Castiel kissed his ear. “I'll take it,” he said. “It could be worse.”
Dean turned to where the levers that controlled the fly system were labeled with sequential numbers to mark them.
Dean sucked in a breath. “Angel language,” he said.
“Alright, alright, I'm here,” Sam said, coming up behind him. “Move,” he ordered, just before setting off at a break-neck pace and slamming his whole side into the door. It fell flat to the ground.
, you didn’t even have to look at the script.”
“But if we keep doing this, I won’t get to fuck you tonight.”
Castiel smiled at him. “Your concern is sweet. I don’t believe you will be attacked again for a while. Your nemesis can’t possibly know where you are. Those beasts were already here for her, and were simply pulled to you.”
“What? Why–” Dean began to ask. Then he realized. To take a bath, you have to undress. At least, it’s better if you do. “Hey, no, you don’t have to leave. Just uh, turn around for a moment, okay?”
Castiel nodded and pulled out his phone. “I’ve got the movie ready to go, I just need to find the right spot. It’s close enough, and should help fill in the feel of the whole cast being present.”
Weird.
Cas thumped a hand to his chest and gasped. He breathed a few times before speaking. “Yeah, I’m good. Just went down the wrong way.” He pushed the bowl away and turned a glare on Dean. What was that about?
“But there will be a next time?”
While Dean blushed, Castiel snorted.
That made Castiel move, looking up from where his eyes had been glued to the floor.
Then Paul happened. Cas was getting another glass of champagne and Dean was making his way back from the kitchen when Paul glanced his way and purpose filled his eyes. Dean knew he had to act fast.
Dean grinned. He may never have done this before, but that didn’t mean he didn’t know how it should go. He worked his tongue, flicking at the slit before bobbing twice, sucking harder when the edge of the glans met his lips. Castiel’s fingers tightened in his hair.
“Yes,” Castiel responded. “I am not an asshole.”
The cliffs? Surely she did not mean the Cliffs of Insanity. Dean had heard of them, and they were aptly named. A sheer, 90 degree drop into the eel infested waters, with few hand holds and slick rock. It was a common dare that the locals would engage in, offering riches if one could make it down to the water and back up without dying.
“I’m going to hold you to that.”
Anna fish lipped for something to say. Castiel got the distinct impression she still didn’t fully approve of Dean, but even Castiel could hear how dopey he sounded. She didn’t want to hurt him by being unnecessarily negative.
“You?!” Azazel asked with disgust. “A little penny whore is royal blood?” One of the girls snorted. “Well then, I’m doing the whole kingdom a favor.”
“Hey,” he said, moving around the grave, placing a stabilizing hand on Castiel’s shoulder. He was starting to freak out. “I don’t know, but I do know you’ve saved my ass twice now. And I know you cared about helping these people as much as we did, maybe even more. I know you’re a good guy, and that’s what matters. We’ll figure the rest out. I promise.”
“We’re going to be late, Dean.” There was an edge to Castiel’s voice that put an end to Dean’s daydreaming. That was the Cas he knew, his gruff and serious roommate and nothing more.
Dean was taken back for a brief moment and then let his lips tilt up at the corners. “No clue,” he answered. “Thanks for the heads up.”
“Okay, okay, fine!” He took a deep breath, his hands locked around Castiel’s wrists, holding them back from his ribcage. “I’ll tell you in the shower. It involves too much tequila, a bad bet, and a cock I thought would be bigger.”
“So you’ll be able to make the Halloween party, right?” Kevin asked. “Next Saturday? Ash invited the whole cast. Costume is mandatory.”
“I just know you, Dean.” Castiel picked up his mask. “Trying them on would only embarrass you if you enjoyed it.” He added a new dollop of glue. “You don’t need to be. I bet you looked great in them.” Dean made a choking, strangling sound, so he added. “But don’t worry, I won’t tell anyone.”
“I’m not prey,” Dean said, raising his chin. “I’ve fought off your minions so far, haven’t I?”
Castiel rolled a shoulder. “I’ve had private lessons since I was a kid.”
“Which number makes you most nervous?”
“It’s okay.” Cas’s voice sounded like he’d swallowed sandpaper, and he didn’t turn back to look at Dean again.
with me again? I dare say we have more space than we did in my room.”
“Too far. Pull over.”
“Yeah. Can you even imagine? What if it backfired? You’d be stuck in that awkwardness for weeks.”
aren’t having one anymore.”
The walk was fairly short. They passed a few people along the way but Castiel still looked around as if the place had been deserted. The Smokey Mountain Brewery was located down a small shopping plaza and the frame of it was wood planks with wide glass windows. There was no wait at the brewery-slash-restaurant, and they took their seats at a booth on the second story, Dean sliding in next to Castiel.
“They were set on you by a very confused, very evil sorcerer,” Castiel explained, kneeling down to join them. “But they are gone now and I don’t think they’ll be back. Can we help you home?”
Dean and Castiel were trying to force some clothes on their bodies as fast as possible, tripping and falling, reaching for their things as they darted around the very mad woman, and, yep, that was definitely a lot of water on the floor.
“They were going to kill him...” Dean mumbled. He trailed off. Something wasn't right, but his brain was too fuzzy to figure it out. “We'll find a way-” he tried.
“Well Castiel,” Dean said, “Thanks for your help back there. I have no idea what that thing was or what it wanted to do to me–”
“Really?” Dorothy said, raising an eyebrow.
Castiel was trying not to laugh. “Dean, riding a horse is perfectly safe. You put yourself at much greater risk every time you steal.”
“You keep using that word,” Kevin said. “I do not think it means what you think it means.”
“You have no idea how you sense this spirit?” Sam asked. “Are you a psychic or…” Sam trailed off as Castiel shook his head.
It had all been Sam's idea.
“He's got very good arms,” Sam observed, taking a look for himself.
“Why, what's going on?” Kevin asked, sipping the water.
“Try me,” Dean said gruffly.
Dean snorted from next to him.
When his nipples were placed between two fingers and pinched, the game was over. Blood pounded through his body and all reasoning and capacity for self-control vanished. His hand came clean off the wall and went straight for his straining dick.
“Dean—”
But they had anticipated this, and Castiel and Sam were on it. Both firing from the forest, four of the beasts were out before Dean could even prep his sword to fight Azazel.
Dean had to laugh at that. “Hey, I was pretty good with that rock.”
The man tilted his head, evaluating Dean for one second longer than was strictly necessary before taking his hand. “Castiel,” he said.
Silence was his only answer.
“Surrender!” Crowley ordered.
Dean forcefully shrugged himself out of his stupor and grabbed the bag off the ground. He took out the gasoline and handed the bag to Sam, who grabbed the salt while Dean began soaking the bones. Sam began salting just as Dean finished with the gas. He spared a glance to Cas, who was still out-running and out-maneuvering Gatlin.  Shrugging it off once again, he fished for the matches and lit one.
Maybe that’s what made it so hot in sex. Giving up control to someone who wanted to give him pleasure instead of pain or death.
On cue, Kevin fell unconscious.
“Hello,” he said with a deep voice, both rough and smooth, like silk pulled over sandpaper. “Come to enjoy the view?”
Dean did one final check in the bathroom, grabbed his keys and headed out.
“As queer as me and Jo and Cas!”
“Thank you,” the man responded cordially.
“I’ll get the lights,” Dean said.
Dean collapsed onto his bed, staring blankly at his ceiling.
Dean’s vision was back well enough to see Castiel’s eyebrows rise in confusion. “I don’t have any.”
“Except for the ones I sent for Castiel,” Crowley agreed again, nodding his head.
Dean was barely following. “Yeah.”
Castiel did though. He screamed Dean’s name and charged forward as Omiel let him drop. He was to Dean’s side before he hit the ground.
“Hey!” Sam snapped. “I'm carrying three people, he’s got none.”
“At least we appear to be on the right path. He definitely passed through here,” Castiel said. “Or is still here.”
Dean pushed him gently and guided him about ten feet away to a side hallway, one that was blissfully empty. Once he was away from the crowd, Castiel doubled over and took a huge, rattling breath, sucking air back into his oxygen deprived lungs.
Sam brought his right hand up and palmed his entire face with it.
Dean ignored the last part. “You’re sure it’s him?”
“Pffft. Dean. You love books. That’s a horrible answer for your unpopular dislikes list.”
“I'll go with you, but only on the condition that you swear not to hurt him. Return him to his ship, unharmed, and I'm yours,” Dean said, his heart shuddering in his chest. He was lying, of course, nothing would stop him from finding Cas again, even if they didn't take him to his ship as Crowley was about to promise.
Somewhere in the room, high fives were happening, cheers were going around, the sound of cheap aluminum clanking filled the space between, someone was saying, “It worked!” But it all registered as a background buzz to Castiel. Dean’s lips were pressed into his, and if holding Dean was like coming home, then kissing him was like opening the lock, walking in and lighting the fire. The tumblers fell into place, the barrier fell away, and he fell straight into the love and warmth of Dean Winchester.
“And what exactly do you want me to do? What way is 'my way'?” Sam asked.
Rehearsals started the next day. For him and the other lead characters, anyway. The schedule was pretty intense. They were going to be spending nearly every day either in the choir room or the theatre, practicing the music or working on lines and staging.
Castiel Novak was sitting on the desk at the front, facing a rather large lecture hall. Considering it was an evening class, the fact that the room was mostly full was surprising. Though, after a good look at the teacher sitting at the desk, it wasn’t hard to understand.
“Dean—” Castiel said, but Dean cut him off.
“Dean,” Castiel said, hand raising to brush his cheek. He kissed him deeply one more time. “I promise.”
“You were deep in thought over there, making a dopey-faced, love-struck look.”
Dean hit play and the movie was off.
“You don’t have to suck my cock to keep your job, we can talk. I didn’t realize you were so desperate. Maybe I was a bit hasty.” He reaches for his zipper. “Tell me what’s going on.”
“You stole from a dark warlock to buy your brother a pastry?” he asked, crossing his feet at the ankle and folding his hands in his lap.
Kevin sighed and Sam groaned. Dean hadn’t really been with anyone since they started adventuring together, but they didn’t know that. He did his best to fake a story or two, and it worked, he had a reputation. One that Charlie loved to make lewd jokes and comments about, especially the men. Kevin and Sam were used to it, but that didn’t mean they accepted it.
“I’m enjoying this,” Castiel said. “Aren’t you?”
"Come on Dean, spill yourself. Do you even know how filthy you look right now? Wish I could fuck you all over again."
The sun was just past mid-day when Dean and Castiel first broke the forest edge, just outside of Ice Leaf. They headed for The Royal Road outside of town and then followed it, back the way they would have come if they had taken it into town, heading south east. They stopped when they found a patch of road that seemed far enough away from the city to not be accidentally happened upon by someone out for the day. They left Nebula by the forest edge, far away from any fighting that would be happening and out of harm’s way.
A lanky man in a tuxedo that oozed money stood in the doorway of a large suite. He was sobbing hysterically, which was destroying his well manicured moustache.
Castiel gripped his cock at the base and stared at it like the tip of his penis was staring back. The thought made Dean giggle.
In hindsight, Dean should have seen it coming. Given all that Omiel was telling them, it really was the logical move. He took the blade from Dean’s throat and swiftly plunged it into his chest. It sliced right through bone and sinew, blood coming up Dean’s pipeways so fast he didn’t even get to scream.
Not that John had ever cared that much what kind of grades he got, but it was something he understood better than theater. Even if it was a blatant lie. Dean didn’t feel bad about it, lying was about the only way to navigate his dad on some topics.
Well. This was not going to work, they needed to talk. Now.
The man’s smile slipped a little as his eyes wondered over Castiel. “And you are…?”
“Sam!” Kevin cried again. “Please!”
“Sure.” Before Dean could sigh in relief, Cas smirked and added on, “For now.”
Castiel shuffled awkwardly, and nodded his head toward Victor in his own sort of thanks.
And why wouldn’t they be? He was a junior in high school, everyone that had any inclination to act had already tried out before. Leads were usually handed out to seniors who had been around for the previous three years. No one ever jumped in this late. If they tried, they certainly never got a main part.
But apparently he didn’t need to worry about the double entendre, as Sam just nodded and said, “Yeah, he’s always been good with building things. I’m not surprised. Just glad he’s using his skills for the theatre and not building a pumpkin catapult.”
little, only in comparison to Sam himself. Of course everything seemed small in comparison to Sam.
Dean was an ordinary child and farm boy himself, and Castiel was actually a few years older than him, but Castiel always obeyed him. He would tip his head just slightly and reply, “As you wish.”
Sam looked utterly unconvinced, but set his questions aside and started explaining why he had called.
Dean froze and the kiss ended abruptly. Castiel stared at him wide eyed and dazed.
Cas snorted. “My hero?”
Castiel waits until Dean has his blood filled cock exposed to the air before he hisses and puts a hand firmly on Dean’s shoulder.
That was until one of the supposed imaginary beasts made its reality known.
"Except spiders," Cas mumbled from his spot on the floor. Everyone laughed, and Cas took a celebratory swig. He looked good like that, sprawled out on the floor, legs out and spread slightly, his left hand behind himself, propping himself up. He looked totally climb-on-top-of worthy.
“Shhh,” Castiel replied. “It's working.”
“You have no idea what that means.”
“So wait,” Castiel said, turning suddenly to Dean when the first solution to the mystery had been revealed. He’d been staring at Castiel and their noses almost hit. Castiel didn’t back up as he continued speaking, so Dean leaned away. He tried to ignore the sensation of regret. “It was Scarlett? Really? I thought for sure Tim Curry wasn’t really a butler.”
“Then I’d say we’ve overcome worse fears. I think we can handle love.”
Castiel placed his bet, significantly more than Dean's. That he had more money than Dean was not surprising, but the amount of it was.
“This asshole just attacked me! What the hell, man?” Sam kept his eyes glued to his assailant.
Castiel’s smiled faded. “I didn’t want to burden you,” he said. “If we didn’t need the sword, if it wasn’t necessary… I hate that I had to tell you at all.”
“But you’d rather be pounding into me?”
Right now though, Castiel’s emotions weren’t a mystery. He was angry and feeling useless. Dean would feel the same way if it was him. “Look,” Dean added, “You’re helping by being here, painting wards. Just. Call, if you think of something, or someone comes in that makes your spidey senses tingle.”
Dean repeats this process a few times before he pulls off completely and looks back up to Cas. “You can fuck my throat if you want,” he says, his voice already raw. “I like it.” Castiel gives him a dubious look. “I swear, Cas, I’m not saying that for a raise or anything. Fuck my throat.”
They were sitting in the tavern, the same as before, eating lamb and drinking ale, and Castiel’s eyes glowed brightly in the firelight. They were the most beautiful shade of blue. Dean would never tire of staring into them.
“As you wish,” came the soft reply behind him.
“Looks like you’re not the only one having some fun on this trip,” Castiel observed.
Jo found him in the bedroom, figured everything out on her own, sighed heavily, informed him he was being dumb, then hugged him and drove him home.
Cas leered. “Most definitely. Any way you want it.”
“Sorry about that,” he muttered to Paul. He couldn’t bring himself to look at Kristin. She’d been pretty chill the few times he’d met her before, but one amused face was all he could handle at the moment.
“Home by eleven,” John groused.
Abaddon turned around with a sigh, then froze. Sam turned and spotted it as well. In the distance, maneuvering the rocks and crags, the mysterious Man in Black was quickly catching up.
Meanwhile, outside the bar, Sam was bored. He'd join the Brute Squad because it was something that paid and something to do.
More arrows shot by, taking out some of the beasts, giving Dean more room to breathe. Norbert, Dean noticed dimly, had joined too, assisting as always by pulling beasts off for Castiel to target.
Anna studied him closely for a moment before sighing.
Once Castiel was on his feet, he sure looked a lot less like he was about to die. He was stable on his feet and even gave his arm a test stretch. He winced.
“Dean?”
“So why did Google tell me his grave was at the old spot?” Sam interrupted after a terse pause.
They were at practice, trying out some costume pieces for the first time. It was still early but their costume department had already found some outfits and they were trying them on. Lighting was also present and trying out some light settings, which meant Sam was present. Which meant Dean…
Somehow, the strength was finding its way through Kevin's veins and he stood up straight, slashing at Metatron, disarming him quickly and stabbing him in the shoulder. “HELLO. MY NAME IS KEVIN TRAN. YOU KILLED MY MOTHER. PREPARE TO DIE.”
“What’s frackin’ kraken?” Charlie’s voice answered.
Sam blinked a few times, glanced back to Dean, blinked again, and said, “What?”
“I need to make a call,” Dean said, standing up and searching for his pants.
“Ever since Crowley, her confidence has been crap,” Charlie explained.
“Hang on,” Dean barely got out. Castiel paused, though by the heavy breathing and look in his eye, he was just about as done as Dean was with waiting.
Dean could hear the screaming and crying. Hell, everyone in the room could hear the screaming and crying. Crowley's face was working through an impressive display of emotions.
“Hell,” Dean said bluntly. Castiel sucked in surprised air. “I went to hell, Cas,” Dean explained, hitting the dirt with his shovel and tossing out another clump. “About five years ago, depending on how you count it. In the pit, almost 30 years had passed. And when I got back Earth-side, it had only been a few months and I had this. It would be awhile before some crazy dickbag ranting about the apocalypse would cross our paths and fill some of the missing pieces in.”
Castiel blinked up at Dean slowly. “I'm so sorry if my being mostly dead all day has been an inconvenience for you, Dean,” he said. “But just to be clear—you're married?”
“Kiss me.”
Without thinking, his hand was on Castiel’s.
“What is it?” Dean asked, his stomach starting to twist.
“I was eventually recruited by the court, and I served his Majesty well. But there was a dark sorcerer with an upstart young boy, and together they overthrew the throne,” Castiel explained. He turned his head to the side. “I… I don’t want to talk about it, but suffice it to say, I failed my King and people–” he swallowed– “people died.”
He looked over his shoulder at Castiel, his jaw slack.
“We’re still going to have to get up,” Cas said as he finally laid down next to Dean, the condom tied off and tossed across the room, and one arm flung over Dean’s chest. “You shot all over the pillowcase too.”
Dean had been sitting in a tavern when the news first came in. Well, it was gossip, but in his line of work, that was the best way to find quests for him and his party.
Castiel nodded, letting Ash go.
Castiel laughed happily, his eyes alight, even without his grace.
Dean turned back enough to growl back, low and steady, “Tested.”
Dean pulled out the two Pepsis and shut the door. “Not long, a few weeks. Why?”
Sam was already at The Little House of Pancakes when Dean called to meet up, because, as Sam sniped at him over the phone, it was within a reasonable walking distance. Unlike the bar from the previous night. Dean got the impression that wasn’t the only reason he was getting the stink eye from his little brother as he slid into the booth.
He didn’t wait for confirmation before diving back in, but Cas provided it anyway, his voice all broken and shaky. “Y-y-yes. God yes.”
“Nothing,” Sam said in that tone that meant nothing wasn’t nothing. “It’s just, you’ve only known him a few days and sometimes you talk like you’ve known him for … forever.”
Finally, Cas was at his face, kissing his cheeks and getting the last drops of come off of his skin.
But he had to know.
Castiel stood up straighter, as if that would somehow convince Dean he wasn't injured. “Let's get out of here. I think we're close.”
Dean nodded, expecting this answer. “You know you’re the same guy, with or without mojo.”
Dean backed away, muttered something under his breath and headed to his room. Shaking off the sensation that Dean had been embarrassed, Cas kept scrolling until he found a landscape picture he’d taken on a vacation to the lake. Between the sky and the water, it was filled with blue. And Dean was only barely in it, at the very bottom corner, floating on his back as the warm summer sun swept over his golden skin. Surely he couldn’t protest that choice.
When they practiced in the choir room and just ran music and bits of dialogue, he was fine. He was more than fine, he was comfortable. He genuinely liked his cast members and considered them friends, even if they hadn’t had a chance to hang out outside of the play.
“Ahhh!” Castiel cried out, his hips stuttering and a hand weaving into Dean’s hair. “Oh mother of God.”
“No,” Castiel said, holding up his hand, palm out. “You’re relaxing and I’m being silly. Let’s just… find a way to make use of our newly relaxed and flexible limbs.”
Dean shook his head quickly. “I can’t.”
“I think I should.”
Castiel had expected a protective-brother spiel, but instead he’d said, among other things, “My brother is an idiot.”
okay?”
“Yes. Dean, stop that. We’re good. I want this, I want you. At some point you’re going to have to stop being afraid.”
“Have you considered the possibility that you might be?”
Oh man, being ordered to orgasm? Who knew that was a kink? Dean certainly didn’t, not until Castiel commanded him in a gravelly tone, winded but confident. He gripped himself tight as he shot off, come shooting so hard that the stripes were landing not only on his chest, but on the pillows by his head.
a 12/10.
“Never mind.” He reached up and began trying to style Castiel’s hair back into place. “There’s no mirror in here and I don’t think we can make it to the bathroom. I’ll do you, you do me?”
Samuel stepped forward. “The forest is empty. I have 30 men at the gate, and the only key is around my neck.”
“Yes, yes they will,” Marv said, squaring his shoulders. He pushed between them and stormed off down the hallway. Sam slid his foot into the door to keep it from clicking shut.
Dean joined him.
“Hey,” Dean said, putting his hand on Castiel’s thigh, “You okay?”
They lay on the ground panting for a few more moments, until something shimmied through the underbrush nearby. Dean got to his feet quickly, not wanting to be caught on his back if they were about to be attacked. Fortunately, whatever it was seemed to have other ideas and scurried away.
“We stop the second it hurts, alright?” Dean said, pulling up to look Castiel in the eye and let him know how serious he was.
Dean explained that the theatre was his Uncle Bobby’s, and when he found out nothing was going on that night, he asked if he could bring a friend by to show them the place. Bobby had made him swear they weren’t going to get drunk or high or bring a girl back to screw, and then gave him a key.
The woman nodded, stepping away.
“What did he say about the part?”
Well, he tried to light one. Only in the movies do they ever light right when you need them to. He kept pulling the match across the side of the box and only barely felt the sudden chill behind him.
was not an acceptable answer. “Thrift stores.”
“Yeah, I remember,” Joe gruffed. “You
“Tango Maureen and a few scenes after,” Castiel replied. “You ready?”
On the other hand, he was
“Yeah,” Dean said. “Where to?”
“The concept of the suction cup has been around for ages. This is quite the same, only instead of sucking water, I'm sucking life. You just lost one year of your life.” Metatron explained. “So again, this is for posterity. Be honest, how did The Machine make you feel?”
Dean had seen him work the bow. He wasn’t lying.
He read the words again. “Castiel Milton” in one column, and “Mark Cohen” in the corresponding slot in the second column.
Dean leaned into the touch. He wanted to be embarrassed at needing protecting, but it felt so good to have someone watching out for him that he couldn’t bring himself to care.
“Sit up,” she said. “And wrap your arms around Dean. Hold him close to your chest for the rest of the night.”
Castiel pulled him close, ignoring the come on Dean’s stomach, and fell asleep with his head buried in Dean’s neck. Dean joined him in sleep moments later.
And suddenly Dean realized that, all this time, 'as you wish' had
Sam sighed, pressing his fingers to his temples. “I know, I get it. But I told you I'd get you this far Kevin, and I have.”
Kevin was nodding, and Charlie was staring at him with her mouth hanging open. She nearly caught a branch to the head, she was so distracted.
Castiel nodded.
Castiel just smiles.
“We can only hope,” he said with a sad little laugh.
Dean’s eyes are glued to the tips of Castiel’s polished black business shoes. “Sir,” he finally manages to get out. “If I could explain, my brother-“
“Hello, Darlings,” Crowley crooned. He pulled his sword out and raised it high. “To the death, then.” He nodded his head to the side, realizing he'd already killed Castiel once. “Again.”
But before the panic could take hold, the second reaction kicked in. Which was something akin to relief. Castiel knew. He didn’t even have to tell him, he’d just figured it out.
Dean swallowed hard. “Yeah,” Dean admitted. “Truth or Dare Cas.”
Castiel’s eyes grew wide with arousal. “Yes.”
He could hear shuffling feet behind him, someone coughing. A light with bad wiring flickered about 10 feet away. The smell of overly fried chicken wafted at him from the cafeteria.
All Dean wanted to do was jump off his horse, run to Cas, and crush their lips together. Somehow, he held himself back. Besides, social visit? Just what the fuck did that mean? Surely he never expected Dean to come out here and, what, use him for a booty call?
Cas grimaced in sympathy. “I don’t,” he said. “We should get you to a healer in town, they should be able to set it and give both you and Kevin some pain medicine.” Charlie nodded, wincing and whimpering as Castiel helped her to stand.
“You don’t have to be,” Castiel said. “Just read the lines, I’ll work on mine.”
Somehow the microphone ended up in his hand and he moved across the stage. By the time he got to the last, trailing, “time dies…” he was on his knees.
“What is it that you’re scribbling in your notebooks all the time? And remember the full truth, not just ‘stuff,’” Sarah said.
In hindsight, after what Becky just revealed, dare was probably no safer than truth. And the way her grin turned feral told him he had probably made a bad call.
He startled when his name came up. For some reason, his eyes could not seem to make their way away from the man sitting between his legs and the barest hint of pink still visible.
Sam frowned at Dean. “Seriously,” he said, flatly. “You’re making this up.”
She giggled sweetly and nodded, scampering off to find someone else to dance with her.
The door shut with a soft click.
Castiel’s hand found his and guided it to his zipper.
“Yeah, well. Looks like you’re doing okay, so-“
“So why haven’t you tried out before?” asked the girl Castiel thought was Jo. “Or joined choir?”
Dean had choked at his beer at the word 'honeymoon' and was still coughing by the time she had finished. Sam saved them.
“What?”
“Perhaps we can reach an agreement,” the Man in Black proposed, taking a step forward.
Fortunately for Dean, that’s when the door to the back rang again. A middle aged man, average build with pale skin and light colored hair, stepped out.
Sam turned around and gave Kevin a disapproving look. His lips were thin but he said nothing.
Sam, on the other hand, did not do as the woman had led. He did not hide behind the boulder at all, but rather, sat upon it to wait. He would not kill the Man in Black in cold blood without at least giving him a fighting chance. Sometimes Sam feared his heart was as dark as the Man in Black's attire, but he tried to be a better man, one he hoped his real family would have been proud of. Or at least not ashamed of.
“Mine.” He guided Dean towards his bedroom door, his fingers moving over Dean’s buttons as they stumbled. “It’s closer. And I have better lube.”
“And I know how much you like destroying it,” Castiel replied with an equally wide smile. “Especially when it leads to making out on my couch,” he added with a wink. Whatever had been on his mind earlier seemed to have passed.
He knew he was the perfect picture of debauchery, with his pants hanging open and his softening cock bobbing in the air, his arm thrown back behind the couch and his eyes glazed over, but he couldn’t bring himself to do anything else but lay there.
Still, the guy wasn’t going to remember Dean or his sexy promises, so Dean was just beginning to feel silly for coming when Castiel looked up and caught his eye. Dean froze as recognition flashed across Castiel’s face. Recognition, but not surprise, as slow smirk played at the corner of his lips before he continued lecturing like nothing had happened.
‘Dude,’ Gabriel’s text said. ‘you can sing?’
Dean could hear the sounds of town well before they broke the forest edge, and he suddenly realized he had no plan. He could try to go to the town guard, but considering this whole thing had started when he stole something, that might be a bad plan. They were also small town guardsmen and something told him that they wouldn’t be up to the task of taking on this guy.
Satisfied with the angle, Cas pulled while thrusting and rapidly built a brutal pace that went straight into Dean’s prostate. He cried out at the sensations, throwing an arm back and gripping the headboard to steady himself. His other hand wrapped around Cas’s wrist and squeezed.
“So who is she?”
“As you wish, Dean.”
There was no time to waste on finding a better way down. He picked his way down the cliff as fast as he could, sliding some, scrapping his arms and legs on bramble and debris and caring for nothing but reaching Castiel.
“I got the lead,” Castiel explained, straightening once more. Dean’s hand pulled away hesitantly this time, like he wasn’t quite sure he could trust Cas to stand on his own accord. Like he was dealing with a crazy person.
Crowley really, really hated being a step behind. And here he was, exactly one step behind Dean. Metaphorically. Can't even enjoy the view. “Of course,” he agreed.
But the road was narrow and winding, and he could only go so fast. Luckily, it wasn’t much further, and Dean pulled Baby into the closest spot he could find.
“Quite,” Castiel confirmed.
“Accept those offered drinks, as any hero would do,” Castiel said, though ‘hero’ sounded more than a little sarcastic, “and tomorrow we continue our search. If he has not appeared, we’ll continue north.”
There is a pause as Castiel grabs for the bottle of lube and coats his fingers. A slick digit slides straight inside Dean without warning, causing him to yelp and buck forward. A few books crash to the ground. Then there’s tongue licking around the finger, sliding in along with it when he relaxes enough and Dean is reduced to nothing but nerve endings and pleasure.
One from Castiel, one from Dean, and the third? The third was from someone named Becky Rosen, and it said she lived in 6A and you've probably forgotten but we met once and God bless the existence of Charlie Bradbury for the sounds that filtered up to my bedroom last night.
“Right.” His chest did a funny little flutter. Cas remembered he hates oranges? That had come up one time in the cafeteria. Two years ago. “Thanks man. That makes ten.”
Dean laughed. “It doesn’t smell like fish.”
“We have an understudy for this guy, right?”
“Come in,” Castiel said. “Can I get you a drink? I don’t have any beer, but I have some whiskey.”
“My name's Dean,” Dean said, holding out his hand.
Dean slid out his phone and sent a text.
sounded nearby and a burst of flame erupted from the ground not five feet away. The jet of fire was almost as tall as they were. It was brief, but left an unmistakable impression on the two adventurous heroes.
She was safe.
“If she was pretty and I liked her, yeah,” Sarah said without pause. Her eyes flitted to Charlie and she blushed a little. Sam swallowed and looked away. Dean felt like an ass. “Becky, you’re up. Truth or dare.”
The kiss was filthy and deep and by the time they broke for air, Dean was panting.
“Shhh,” Dean whispered, pressing a finger to his lip just briefly. “Barkeeps and townspeople talk more if you blend in, have some fun, spend some money.”
Evil douchebag was no longer smiling. “When I leave you blind and maimed, you may tell everyone to fear and obey Azazel.” There was pride in his voice, but Dean had never heard his name. Dean rolled his eyes.
“I recognized you,” Gregors said, as if it were simple. “Your name actually is Castiel by the way. And I wasn’t lying when I told you it was a family name.”
“I told you-“
“I’m sure you’re right, Cas.”
Dean groaned. “I didn’t know I liked dirty talk this much.”
“Where'd we put that wheelbarrow we stole from the albino?” Kevin asked Sam.
“I’m really, really fucking close,” Dean said, hoarse as hell. “And I had other things in mind.”
“This tub is big enough for two,” Dean said. He nearly had to swallow around his heart, it was pounding so forcefully in his chest.
“You forgot oranges.”
“Heh,” Dean said, palming his thighs nervously. “Too smart for my own good then.”
“You sure you want to watch that?”
“Just don’t tell him the Lake Geneva story, okay?”
That, finally, got Cas to look up and meet his eye. There was surprise in his eye that got some gears turning rather uncomfortably in Dean’s head, pieces falling into place.
“You—” Cas cut himself off to shove Dean away. “Well it was completely unnecessary.” Dean felt red blossom over his entire face. It really had been, hadn’t it? “I’m sorry if I misconstrued. Us coming here together was a bad idea. I think I’ll go order that Uber now.”
“Okay,” Dean said, leaning back in his chair and crossing his arms. “I think you need to back up and start from the beginning.”
“Yes, you did. And I believed it too. Until you broke your ankle. No one heals that fast, Castiel,” Omiel said. “So I began to think, maybe it’s not gone. Maybe it’s diminished. Maybe you fought your way out of hell so fast and so hard, the brimstone burned through all of it but a speck, and maybe, when pushed, you could use it. Maybe it would replenish when needed. Maybe it needed a shove.”
Sure, being hooked up didn't often come with such enthusiasm. But Charlie had set him up with a friend of hers, and since she was one of approximately (exactly) three people that knew Dean was bisexual, she'd gone out of her way to make it a guy friend.
“Well she was a little vague about what store the Smiths run, so I think we stick with the families we know about for now, and check out the gem stores as we go,” Sam said. He pulled out a map of the Arts and Crafts district where they had circled some places. “Just keep heading north on Glades.”
“Alright,” Dean said loudly. “My turn. Someone fill me in. Why’s this coat important?”
“I think we should ask Cas if he knows anything,” Sam said to Dean’s back. Apparently, he took groans and rolling over as a sign that his brother was awake and it was time to get to work.
“Caaas,” Dean complained.
“I’m involved with a sassy little shit,” Dean mumbled to himself, digging ever faster.
Dean winked, wrapped his lips around the head, and sucked Cas into his mouth. It had, unfortunately, been a little while since he’d done this, so he couldn’t swallow Cas straight to the root in one go like he used to do for guys. He bobbed a few times, holding Cas by the base while he built up a pace.
They followed Castiel out the door and waited while he locked it. Castiel slid into the back seat of the Impala without complaint. He had Dean drive back down Glades and out to Parkway, heading west, towards one of the entrances to the Smokies. The scenery changed quite drastically as they passed through the light where Parkway changed from a north-south road, to Parkway East and the part of Parkway that continued west.
“What is it about you, Dean Winchester?” Castiel asked. He knelt over Dean, planting a knee on both sides of his legs, bending over to crawl carefully up Dean’s body. Dean laid back and let him. “Why am I so pulled to you?”
, he thought.
“Dean!” Castiel called. “Duck!”
“Cas,” Dean breathed. “I swear to god, if I don’t come soon, I’m going to go crazy.”
“Castiel,” Castiel answered. “and we are here to put an end to your murderous ways. May I have a name to put on the obituary announcements?”
So on top of auditioning for the directors, and the other students auditioning, apparently family and friends were sitting in. Including Dean Winchester.
Dean shrugged. “It's not as glamorous as it sounds,” he said. “What do you do? Or do I even have to ask, Mr. Bond?”
“About girls,” Castiel confirmed. “They make good friends. Charlie is, quite frankly, one of the funniest women I’ve ever known. But I have no interest in ‘tapping that.’”
But Dean definitely registered when Castiel slammed home in one smooth go. He screamed again.
When Dean unbuckles Castiel’s belt and he still hasn’t spoken or responded in anyway, Dean has a moment of panic. What am I doing, he thinks frantically.
Or at least, that's what it looked like to Metatron. Castiel slid his mind away, and while his body was going through the torments of The Machine, Castiel was completely divorced from the pain.
was the only movie out there with a crossdresser.”
Dean totally does not hurry to rip his clothes off. He doesn’t. He’s just… well practiced at removing clothes efficiently. The fact that Castiel is watching him with those piercing blue eyes, taking in and evaluating every curve of his body, smiling in approval at what he sees, bears absolutely no impact on the speed of his cloth removal.
“Yeah, well,” Dean said, picking up his sock from where Castiel had laid it on his boot, “Welcome to the hunter life.”
“I’ll be right back Mr. Gregors, just helping these customers find Town Hall,” he explained.
“Yes Sir,” said John Winchester, owner of the farm and Dean's father, “You are correct, our steeds are unsurpassed in the land. I would be honored to show them to you.”
Dean shook off his disappointment at seeing his dad there, and moved to speak to the bartender and owner. His name was Joe, and Dean had made it a point to learn his name the second him, Sammy, and dad had made it to village. Knowing the owner of a local tavern (or two, if it was large enough of a town) was always a smart move.
Kevin slammed back another shot of whiskey, making for god knows how many. He'd had too many that day to keep track. In fact, he'd had too many in the last week to even know what day it was.
“Like how insanely attracted to you I find myself,” Castiel stated. “And I suspect you feel the same.”
. Dean shrieked and twisted away, only Cas was quick and moved with him. “Stop it!” His voice was absolutely not sound like that of a high-pitched child.
He spent a lot of time that night thinking about what to do about the part. He spent an equal amount of time thinking about Dean’s hands on his shoulders, the little caress he probably wasn’t even aware of making. Castiel was deep in a fantasy where those hands slid a little lower than his shoulders when his phone buzzed and startled him.
What wasn’t getting easier was being around Dean. Alone. In his bedroom. Without spontaneously shoving his tongue down Dean’s throat.
“Well then, let’s get going,” he said. “Faker.”
He looked at Sam and in tandem, they pitched the shovels over and started scrambling at the wood, pushing the remaining dirt off. They had just enough space to pull to the side and get the lid up before helping each other back out.
“Where to Samsquatch?” Dean asked. “You think Cas was trying to tell us something when he mentioned Town Hall?”
“Well then,” Crowley said. “He can't be far. We'll send our fastest ships in all directions, run up the white flag. If he still loves you and wants you, then my blessing to you.” Crowley patted Dean's shoulder. “But if he doesn't come, consider marrying me as alternative to a body cast?”
He sucked Cas deeper on every thrust, and he could feel Cas shaking with the effort to let Dean control the tempo. It wouldn’t be long before he could let Cas take over, but Cas was bigger than he’d thought and he had to be sure he could handle—
The second changed things. Not that the width provided any discomfort, but because Castiel rotated his hand and crooked his fingers, and after a few searching movements, pressed straight into Dean’s prostate.
Dean gritted his teeth and stormed back outside where he paced for quite a while before he’d cooled down and finally thought things through. Castiel owed him an explanation. He’d get it at dinner. And to do that, he’d need a suit.
“What do you remember before you were taken? A farm, maybe? The smell of apple pie with a touch of fig? A woman's scent laced with rosemary?” the man asked. When Sam's mouth worked for several moments but no sound came out, he added, “Your mother, Dean's mother, and my savior, uses a rosemary perfume.”
“Come on my cock,” Castiel said, like it was the obvious solution.
“I was not,” Dean protested.
“We don’t have to sing,” Castiel said. “We could just run lines. Or hang out, or whatever.”
“No problem,” Charlie said, guiding them to the door.
“Seven,” Kevin answer.
The point was, he had only one chance to let Dean know that he’d taken the part. Not that Dean needed to know, but he had played a significant part in his acceptance of it, so he should tell him. Right?
Still, Sam said nothing and sipped at his coffee. The waitress took Dean’s order, eggs, hash browns and the country ham, and Dean stared at the old-fashioned news ad plastered table for a few minutes before he sighed and looked up.
“We’ve got contacts and a different way of doing things than cruise ship security. We can figure this out, right, Sam?”
The front door opened and Dean heard Sam’s tinier feet come down the hallway. He paused at his own door, and that’s when Dean realized his fatal mistake. He’d left the light on.
“Never,” was Castiel’s answer. “That part of life died a long time ago.”
“Alright, jeez,” Dean groused, picking up his backpack from the corner.
“But I suspected before that. You knew the word ‘thespian’ and didn’t make it a crude joke. And you cared so much about me taking the role, about the show itself,” Castiel explained. “And the set. Dean, you know how to build a set. You know your way around a stage. When someone asks you to grab something from downstage stage right, you don’t bat an eye.”
“Yeah?”
“You'll tell me?”
Leaning over Castiel, Dean held himself as he guided the head of his cock to Castiel's loosened entrance. He slid in just past the rim far easier than he'd been expecting. Castiel's body was welcoming him in.
“I’m Dean’s date.”
Dean stopped his horse abruptly, goose bumps dancing down his arms.
Castiel hobbled on his thrift store five inch heels across the family room. The heels were a challenge, but the uncomfortable bit was the fishnets. He’d had no idea they would be so scratchy. Or that corsets made you feel like you couldn’t breathe, or that mascara was a bitch to apply.
Dean took a breath. He didn’t like lying to this guy. It didn’t sit right. But there was no getting past it, he certainly couldn’t say, “I’m here because someone is murdering people and we think it might be a ghost or other supernatural bad guy and we gank those things for a living.” So instead, he spun the lie he and Sam had told a dozen other shop owners earlier that day, that he and his brother needed a break from their pest control business and thought they’d get away from the rat race and hike the mountains a bit.
“Are our Maureen and Joanne experiencing some character bleed?” Cas asked with a knowing smirk.
At first he thought maybe it was the owl, flying down or shifting up above, but the way Castiel sprung to his feet told him something else was going on.
“I thought Cas was going to have a heart attack when Dean came out in those panties,” Sam supplied.
“I’ll take that as a yes,” Dean replied with a smirk. He gave Castiel no time to respond before licking up Castiel’s length and sucking his cock into his mouth.
“But as seals. Yeah, I know the myth,” Sam said, catching Dean off-guard. He turned back to Gabriel. “So some rich asshole stole Anna’s coat and has been keeping her hostage?”
He didn’t have to elaborate. Sam got the meaning immediately.
“You,” Castiel barely managed to get out. “You,” he repeated. He shook his head. “Want you.”
To his surprise, Dean did not look away, but held his gaze resolutely. It was like he was trying to tell Cas something, but he had no idea what that could be. Castiel raised his eyebrow in question, and Dean nodded gently.
It had been the plan they discussed. They didn’t know what the history was of the minions Azazel had brought with him, but burning the bodies and leaving any loved ones to wonder what had happened would have been cruel. Leaving them as they were would incite panic. So they were to make it look like the party had turned on themselves. Something surprisingly not all that uncommon anyway.
“Now,” Castiel confirmed. “I will teach you some basics.”
Dean blinked a few times. “You’re awesome Jo,” he said.
“Cas,” Dean said, sliding off his horse and beginning towards the stone, “The Exortium Sword is real? Seriously?”
“I didn’t know you were bisexual.”
Once some semblance of a plan had formed, they remounted and moved out, Dean still in a daze. Castiel was the last to leave. Dean watched as Castiel brushed a leaf off of Phillip’s tomb stone, laying a hand flat on the stone and bowing his head. Castiel must have respected, if not loved, King Phillip a great deal.
Dean took the shovel and made for the area closest to the tombstone, while Sam started a few feet down.
Sam rolled his eyes. “As much as I appreciate you
“Which-“ Dean began to ask, but he was cut off by his cellphone blaring
“You’ve loved every musical they’ve ever done and nothing compelled you to try out before,” Anna pointed out. Her eyes narrowed in a way that was entirely too familiar. “Who is he?”
Kevin swallowed, suddenly uncomfortable with having the focus on himself. “Kevin,” he said. “That’s Charlie,” he said, motioning to the girl, “and that’s Sam.”
Crowley hesitated. His sword dipped just slightly, and Castiel knew he had gotten to him. “You're bluffing,” Crowley said.
Anxious for his nemesis to arrive, Dean couldn’t stop pacing the road. The sound of a blade being drawn distracted him.
“Shit, Cas,” Dean said. He tangled a hand in Castiel's hair and pulled his head up, crushing his plump lips into his own. Castiel pressed into him like they were wrenched together by gravity.
Kevin rolled his eyes and pressed two fingers to the man's neck. “No pulse.”
Which was where the idea of marriage came in.
Dean made sure the hallway was still clear and called Charlie. He explained things quickly, sending her the picture of the hair after they hung up.
Charlie laughed, tossed the fruit baskets out, and sat down on her throne, ready to rule another day.
Gadreel, who was also sitting slightly outside of the larger circle, spoke up. “I wouldn’t put too much thought into it.”
Friday when the show was over, Dean pulled Cas into a hallway and clarified that he was going to need time. And Castiel clarified that he wasn’t going to be anyone’s secret, but he also understood Dean wasn’t going to change overnight. And that was okay.
“I got that.”
So he had avoided all romantic affairs of any kind, until, in a moment of cunning so devious he had actually laughed out loud and scared a maid, he devised a way to please people, stay single, and get his war with Guilder.
He gripped Castiel’s hips as the kiss resumed, quickly becoming dirty with lip nibbles and snaking tongues. Castiel began moving his hips, pressing downwards and suddenly he could feel Castiel’s hardness, pressed right next to his own.
“C'mon,” Castiel said, holding out his hand.
, and it’s Dean’s turn to smirk.
“Ahhh,” Dean half moans as the finger prods gently. “You said tongue damnit.”
Castiel didn’t disagree, but didn’t look particularly comforted either. Dean shifted awkwardly.
Dean froze with his back to Castiel. “I don’t know if that’s a good idea,” he said stiffly.
And now that he didn’t have a cock on the brain, he remembered where they were. He’d just fooled around on Bobby’s stage. Good god, they could have gotten come on the couch.
to masturbate again.
Castiel looked him up and down in a way that was entirely too unsettling. “As a matter of fact, you look exactly like a guy that secretly enjoys many things you outwardly consider too feminine.” He had taken several steps towards the main area before he added, “I wouldn’t mind seeing you in panties one day.”
They awoke to banging at the bedroom door, followed by an angry innkeeper barging in and swatting Dean’s naked ass with a spoon.
Dean snorted. It figured that’s what Charlie would be interested in. Nothing was sexier than wanting to rip each other to pieces, right? “Sorry Charlie, but no, he did not try to kill me.”
Castiel gave him the page number, instructed him to read anything non-highlighted and they were off.
Cas cut himself off as Dean jerked his phone into his hand and stared at the graphic again. “Fine. 108 then.” When silence met his answer, Dean looked up from his phone to glare at Cas. “What,” he growled.
“Yeah, those will be getting sore enough later, I’d imagine,” Jo said with a leer.
A shaky hand was raised and placed gently on Dean's head. “I love you, Dean,” was all Cas said, as Dean watched a pearl of pre-come form at the slit of his cock and then slowly slide down the shaft. Dean groaned and ended all sense of strung out foreplay by leaning forward to lick it all up. “Shit,” Castiel moaned, throwing his head back and arching his back.
“Oh,” Castiel said, blinking rapidly. “I’m so sorry, Dean. How recent?”
“You want my advice?” Meg asked. No, no he did not. “Get over him. He’s never going to be with a guy.”
“Mmmm,” Castiel moaned in appreciation, threading a hand into Dean’s hair.
“You’re not surprised,” Dean stated.
Cas’s fingers were digging into his biceps, and Dean could hear him struggling to find words as Dean sucked marks into his hip bones.
Dean swallowed hard. Just saying things like that should be illegal. And saying no to Cas was going to be the hardest thing he'd ever done. “No,” he said gruffly, shaking his head. “I won't hurt you.”
He was funny. He was kind, and smart, and had the voice of an angel.
Dean wiggled his eyebrows at Castiel, provoking a snort of laughter. “I know you were checking out those panties. Want to get a closer look?”
The next challenge was facing the stage.
“Am I a genius or what?” Jo asked the room at large after they were gone.
Cas comes hard and sudden, stilling himself in Dean, trying to make his pulses of semen hit as deep into Dean as possible.
“Everyone is afraid of something,” Castiel said. “Some people just hide it better.”
A cough from the side alerted them that the server had appeared. She had Sam’s mostly finished salad in her hand. “You need anything, Cas?” the waitress asked.
“You’ve already seen it,” Dean said with disappointment.
Abaddon tilted her head. “We kidnapped a man with the intent to murder him, I don't think ‘fair’ is a concern.”
“Well, not everyone is as smart as you.”
“Well, sorry Cas, doesn’t work that way. You can’t make me something I’m not just to get your kicks in.”
“What do you want, Dean?” Castiel said, shifting, pushing Dean back, until he was straddling him, pushing Dean down with his weight. The view was gorgeous until his hands found Dean's and pinned them above his head, forcing Dean's gaze to focus on wide blue eyes. “Give or receive?”
He was leveled with a keen look. After a long, tense moment, Dean asked, “What’s the real reason you didn’t go to prom?” Cas swallowed. “Yeah, I don’t have to be a fancy investigative journalist to know you didn’t tell me everything.”
been pretending to be a couple, and now were on the verge of consummating the new relationship right behind his mom’s grand piano.
The six fingered man spoke first. “Kill the tall one and the dark one, but leave the third for questioning.”
“God, Dean,” Castiel whimpered, dropping his face into his hands. “He looked awful. He could have been killed—”
“The dude is asking weird questions about specific people in town,” Dean explained. “Where they come from and what their family names are. I’ve got a list, I thought maybe we should check them out.”
Cas was an angel. He was fast. He’ll never understand how Dean can move faster than him. One moment he was having a conversation with a friend, and the next he was tumbling like a tree branch into a mountain of leaves.
Castiel gave him a funny look. Dean squirmed. Somehow he suspected Castiel saw right through the lie.
“You grew up with this?” Dean asked.
“My apartment or yours?” Dean asked.
He put his face in his hands and ran his fingers through his hair in frustration. “You won’t believe me.”
Dean was all too eager to get out his assortment of various clothing items that had been gifted to him and use them to secure Crowley to the chair, Castiel standing watch, his sword at the ready.
Once Castiel’s eyes had permission to look at Dean’s thigh to locate the scar, he couldn’t keep his eyes away. How he’d slipped by his dad like that was beyond him.
When he spoke, his voice came out as sex-fucked sounding as Castiel’s own. “What makes you think I’m a bottom?”
“So good,” Cas groaned, pulling back further and thrusting in deeper. “So hot. Dean, you’re incredible.”
He was in the kitchen, debating the merits of a pre-game beer, when he heard his neighbor's door open and close, and Mr. Deep Dulcet Tones walked by humming to himself. Dean checked his watch. Yeah, he really didn't have time for a beer. He needed to get going too, or he was going to be late.
“Of course I–” Dean stopped abruptly when he realized he would probably end up back at Castiel’s camp sooner than make it to Droplet Falls.
Dean shook his head, leaning back into the rail. “I only just got away.”
“What?”
It certainly didn’t make the panic any better, so what good was it? All it did was add to the confusion. Dean had rejected him, he didn’t get to look concerned.
“Just a phrase,” Dean stopped him, holding up a hand. “Thanks.”
Dean opened his mouth twice and before finally saying, “We could ask someone else.”
He lead Dean to the nightclub where the bass of some techno crap pounded through the air and the floor. It made Dean's eardrums throb. Some attempt had been made at placing techno lighting throughout the room, and colorful lights whirled throughout, bouncing off dancers and furniture, not quite reaching the bar to the side, where a few people seemed to be taking a break. Dean glanced at the huge modern beast of a clock on the wall above the bar. It was only seven thirty in the evening, how could anyone need a break already?
Dean cried out in surprise, throwing back his head. “Mother fucker!”
“Dean!” Sam hollered in his ear. From his slightly annoyed, slightly worried expression, Dean gathered that he had called his name more than once. “It’s eight thirty.”
“So why is something hunting off Ogles? Are they cursed?” Dean asked. He was glad they had a lead, but it unfortunately wasn’t
“Are you leaving?” Dean asked, surprised. He didn’t think he was doing
“You know, Dean,” Castiel began, scooping up another selection of the roll, “sushi was originally eaten with fingers. And honestly, no one would mind if you really wanted to use a fork.” He held the piece up. “This one has salmon and cream cheese. They call it a Philadelphia roll. It's one of my favorites.”
He was just coming back to reality when he realized Castiel was thrusting lazily into him.
Dean took Castiel as deep as he possibly could in one smooth glide, wiry hairs tickling at his nose. He swallowed, his throat squeezing along the rigid length, before pulling up and slamming back down. Repeatedly. Cas eventually caught up with the program and was thrusting up to meet Dean’s mouth, a hand threading tightly into his hair.
“Dean?” Castiel asked when he ended the kiss.
Once he was secure, mumbling about wasted silk, Castiel collapsed to the bed. “Thank god,” Castiel mumbled.
Which was unexpected. If it had been Anna pulling Dean aside, she would have ripped his balls off. When Castiel had come home on Saturday night, Anna had taken one look at his face and turned to stone. A scary, force of nature, I’m-going-to-kill-someone face. Castiel actually had to tell her not to hurt anyone or do anything before he went into his room and hit the bed face first.
“Amazing, and two minutes away,” Dean finished with a grin. “Count me in.”
“I thought it was funny,” Sam said. He did not get a response.
Paul sighed. “I wasn’t being rude, I just—” He snapped his mouth shut with a glare from Kristin. “You do make a lovely couple.”
Dean urged Castiel’s hips with his hands, their erections sliding hard and deliciously between them while their tongues mimicked the dance and Castiel’s hand palmed at Dean’s head. His other hand caressed over Dean’s collar bone. Dean had no idea such a seemingly chaste gesture could light him up so brightly.
"Shit," Dean mumbles, turning to the side and shutting his eyes tight.
“I do what I can,” Catherine replied with another smile. She turned on her heels and headed down a long hallway. At the end of it, Dean could just make out a vending machine.
“Get used to disappointment.”
Dean licked at his lips, relishing Castiel's surrender when he parted them and let Dean inside. He explored Castiel's mouth like he'd never done so before. Hell, he'd literally never done so before. Their first time had been passionate and full of love, but it hadn't been fueled by the desperate need spreading through both of their veins now. Dean sucked at Castiel's tongue and Castiel ran his fingers down Dean's back, scrapping gently with his nails and returning Dean's ardor.
“Rock into me,” Castiel repeated. Dean gently moved his hips, pulling back just enough to create a little friction, and pushing back in just as carefully.
Heat rushed to Dean's nether regions at the innuendo Cas was implying. Then he powered on past it to finish his statement. “Don't mention the brother if you're about to proffer sex with someone you just met.”
He opened the door and two guys carried in a tub, followed by two more that brought in basins to fill it up. By the time it was ready and the men had left, the room was already filled with steam.
Once the room was calm enough for Sam to speak, he naturally couldn’t pass on a chance to torment his older brother and called on Dean.
“He is quite the creature.” Metatron agreed.
“Movie marathon, dude,” Dean said with a cheeky grin. “Tell me you have popcorn.”
In one breath Dean was tracing the curve of his lips with his eyes, and the next, he was tracing it with his tongue.
Gear stowed safely in the trunk, they made the winding drive back to town. Just as they crossed the line into Gatlinburg proper, Dean’s stomach decided to make itself known with a loud rumble. Castiel snorted in the back before laughing.
Dean was tossed unceremoniously into his bedroom, the door locking shut behind him. He pounded a fist against the solid wood in frustration. “Gaaah!” he cried.
89 and 5 billion minutes later, he managed to catch the assignment Mrs. B was explaining, and then packed his stuff as fast as possible.
Holding hands while on horseback was difficult, and Dean was forced to drop Castiel’s hand. But his palm remained tingly, as if the simple gesture was enough to begin healing wounds.
Castiel shot him a glare as he moved back behind Dean and before he could ponder the implications of that look, a loud smack resounded and his left butt cheek tingled where Castiel's hand had landed.
Sam sighed, but didn’t complain. He only had one laptop and even if Dean wanted to research the old fashioned way, the bars and restaurants weren’t a bad place to learn the local gossip and secrets. Particularly after a few beers, people let things slip.
“Come, Dean,” Castiel ordered.
Dean pulled away and had to clear his throat to speak. “Should we head out now?” he asked. Castiel's eyes dilated even further.
Castiel was thrusting up into him, hips twisting, his cock rubbing on Dean's belly. He was not complacent to just receive, at least not any longer, taking some control of the situation and chasing his orgasm just as much as Dean was.
Dean nodded. “You indicated as much at the time.”
It didn’t exactly help the feeling that Castiel was out of his league, but it did ease the sting of rejection. Dean covered Castiel’s hand with his own, rubbing his thumb gently on the warm skin.
“Sam!” Dean admonished. This needed to end like yesterday. “Whatever. It doesn’t matter because I’m not gay.” Sam opened his mouth to speak, so Dean hastily added. “OR bi.”
“He told me I was amazing and would be doing a disservice to everyone if I didn’t take it.”
“The new game. They want everyone to share their prom pictures.”
“You're really enjoying this,” Dean commented, bending to nibble at the skin.
It didn’t take many of those thrusts for him to explode, throwing his head back and crying out a silent scream.  Castiel was still licking at him when he came back to reality, and he was becoming overstimulated himself.
Dean wavers then, about to fall, when Castiel spins them, pinning Dean to the desk. Before he can properly process that his boss is now pulling his cock out of his embarrassingly damp boxers, there’s already a hand wrapped around the member, twisting and stroking with a controlled deftness that makes Dean’s head spin.
Ah, autocorrect. What a thing of beauty. Gabriel’s texts used to require a translator to understand.
Dean smiled when he heard the water turn on in the apartment next door.
“Sorry, Sam.” Cas put a hand to Dean’s chest and urged him back a step. “You’re correct, of course.”
“Are you… are you FUCKING KIDDING ME?”
“Dean,” Castiel said, a slight note of surprise in his voice. He blinked a few times. “Hi.”
But the world was truly against him that day. No sooner had his refusal left his lips than a second large form swam in front of him, a mouth of pointy teeth just breaking the surface of the water.
And just in case he didn’t have Cas losing his mind yet, he looked up through fluttered eye lashes and met Castiel’s lust blown gaze.
Dean blew out a breath and continued. “If you hadn’t rebelled, we never would have met. I’d be a corpse on a forest floor with a busted knee and a few extra, pointless coins in my pocket.”
There were wings and claws in Dean’s vision, but as he raised his sword and brought it down to Azazel, he didn’t even see them. He was focused on taking out the evil that stood in front of him.
Like the man, where everything seemed to be brown, everything about this woman was red. Her hair, her lips, her nails. Even her tunic was red. She looked like she wanted nothing more than to jam her hand down his throat and pull his guts out by way of his stomach.
“Oh?” the man replied.
Dean's hands quickly, if not shakily, undid Castiel's shirt and guided it off of him. Castiel clinched his teeth and Dean worked it off the arm with the bite at the shoulder.
They spent the rest of the trip in bed. Their time together was short and they didn’t want to waste a minute of it. Dean was pretty sure the room he and Sam had paid for went unused for the entire trip minus Dean’s first night, and wasn’t that a joke? But Dean was well fucked and extra limber and it might take his body weeks to fully recover from some of the things he did, he wasn’t going to complain.
“No,” Dean replied, and Castiel shifted his legs, fortifying his defensive position.
Dean snorted inelegantly. “You need to work on your lines,” he said. Nonetheless, he turned his hand until it was palm up and slid their fingers together. “I meant it,” Dean said. “We’ll figure you out.”
After the first pass, like he was proving to himself that he could do it, Castiel did it again without hesitation, and again, and again, until Dean was a whimpering mass.
Castiel bit Dean’s shoulder with his moan.
“Yes, sir?”
He slid them on and bit back a moan as the cool, satiny material rested against his most intimate bits. His dick was a little squished and his balls weren’t quite fully contained, but the fabric was so soft he didn’t care.
“You could have gotten yourself killed!” Dean hissed.
“Really, Dean?” Cas said, amused. “Shy all of a sudden?”
Dean’s grin faltered. “’Whatever’?”
He threw his book bag against the wall when he got home. It rattled the room, but it wasn’t quite satisfying enough, so Dean picked up a pillow from his bed and screamed into it.
“No,” Castiel admitted.
It was a silly game, something that everyone seemed to be doing on Facebook during the quarantine. The games kept cropping up and, bored, they’d both been participating in most of them. Dean had been trying to think of ten items for his unpopular opinion list for a day or two. Sure, he had plenty of things to bitch about, but not many he was willing to air publicly and risk looking like an insensitive ass.
, his skimpy briefs hurt. He was straining the fabric, could feel cool air across the tip of his dick. He couldn’t help it, he thrust forward into Dean’s answering hips, their erections bumping together, sending sparks shooting up his spine.
He shifted as the fantasy continued, his cock hardening. It wasn’t long until he was straining against the delicate fabric of his borrowed pants.
“But what if…” Dean began and trailed off. No. He wanted to say this. “What if I’m afraid I’ll fall in love with you?”
“Search his pockets for change,” Dorothy said, pulling out the device and setting it to the side. “Now, someone who is still partly alive...” She leaned close to the man's ear. “Hey, buddy!” she shouted suddenly, Kevin flinching. “What's so important? What do you have here that's worth living for?”
Around them, Crowley's men looked utterly unconvinced but said nothing. No one ever questioned Prince Crowley. The man soon to be king took pleasure in dealing pain, and woe be to him who volunteered for the pain by speaking up.
Dean wished he’d insisted on changing back into normal clothes, but Cas really did look damn fine in his suit, so he supposed it wasn’t all a bad thing.
Then again, he had no idea Castiel had been an angel either.
“Bets,” the dealer called.
Castiel frowned. “I let you sit between my legs and didn’t complain,” Castiel said. “Am I really so objectionable?”
Those were good questions that Castiel didn’t have good answers for. The answer to the first was a little easier, because obviously the stage fright had been the main factor. But choir? How did he tell these people that he just… didn’t think it was for him? The stage fright wasn’t as much an issue because he’d be just a pip in a large sea. But that was just it. He was a loner. He didn’t need large groups.
“Do you remember when I told you that I once failed a king? King Phillip?” Castiel asked. “This is the grave of King Phillip, and the sword is
“Nervous?” Cas supplied. He finally looked at Dean again, a small smile on his lips.
When he came back to reality, it was to find that he had actually bitten his lip bloody, and that Castiel had planted his feet flat and leveraged himself into thrusting completely into Dean’s pliant body from below. Chasing his own release, Castiel’s hands wandered with wild abandon over Dean’s skin, gripping him in a frenzied plea to find something he could ground himself in.
He couldn’t believe he hadn’t come yet. Just on principle.
“Dean?” Cas asked, hesitating in the doorway, “Did you hear me? I have a matching jacket, but I wasn’t sure if it would be too formal.” He glanced up and down Dean’s outfit, black slacks with a dark grey dress shirt. “You’re not even wearing a tie, maybe I should—”
“Oh!” Sam said. “Sorry, no, I’m not coming in. I was just going to say goodnight and get back to what I was doing.”
Dean realized suddenly that he was not only feeling more relaxed, he was happy, too. He was having a good time, finally beginning to see the perks of this relaxation thing. Which is probably why the universe had decided it was time to throw him a curveball.
Dean swallowed hard. Castiel cupped his cheek, moving a thumb across the bone.
to be building. That is to say, they were running lines while figuring out who would be standing where while saying it. Mrs. Moseley was giving some direction, but also letting the actor’s natural decisions guide them.
“I was thinking we could go to your place this time,” Castiel suggested. “If that’s okay. I’d like to see your house, meet your dad.”
“You wanted to be her knight, correct?” he asked. “If it makes a difference, I have no interest in her. You may want to wait a bit before flirting with her though.”
He pushed himself to the root and came, emptying himself straight down Dean’s throat.
“I wouldn’t miss it,” Castiel responded.
“Yes sir,” Dean replied quickly, placing a hand on Castiel’s back and shuffling him towards the hallway. He practically pushed Cas into his room. Inside he took a deep breath.
His nose crinkled in that way Dean loved as Castiel smiled back.
Sam took off running a second before Dean did, Castiel’s laughter trailing after them.
Shoving his libido to the side, he took off after Castiel, following him into the ship and down a hallway, where the source of the scream was easy to locate.
Well, Dean sure would have been intimidated by the way he growled out the command. As it was, the voice and the stance the man was adopting, confident, strong, but relaxed, was already peeking his less-than-noble interest. But apparently Mr. Bad Tan wasn’t having the same reaction and took a swing instead.
“Sounded like you two had fun,” John said, his voice stopping Dean in his tracks.
Castiel came just as beautifully as he did everything else. His cheeks and chest were flushed, his neck also showing signs of the heat in his veins as he threw his head back, mouth dropped open, and did just what did had asked– painted his chest with streaks of come.
Dean felt heat blossom all over his face. He was surely redder than a cherry. “Um…” Cas simply quirked an eyebrow at him, waiting for him to continue. “It has been awhile... for sex. My own fingers, on the other hand…”
"And now you’re too embarrassed to see your prayers answered."
Most of the time, he does a pretty good job of forgetting hell. The memories he has, of being sliced and diced and burned to all eternity, should have traumatized him. But he’s had years of practice shoving the memories down, pretending hell had never happened. And it works pretty well, until something triggers it, and he’s back in the pit, terrified, frozen, panicking and unable to move or breathe. A weight was crushing his chest, he was going to die. No, he was already dead, this was worse. He was going to burn, be carved, tortured-
“That’s enough. We’re here to practice, not gossip. From the top,” Pamela said. The phrase ‘from the top’ had never sounded so freaking beautiful.
Sam kept followed as Dean read numbers off of the door.
. Yeah, he could do that. He could undo a zipper.
Dean gaped.
Then they got to the part where Joanne and Mark were actually supposed to tango. To Castiel’s amazement, Dean reached out a hand across the bed and pulled Castiel up.
Both as naked as was humanly possible, Castiel crawled back over Dean, laying down gently onto him and he pressed their lips back together, drawing out little mewling sounds from Dean with his tongue. Sounds Dean had never heard himself make before Castiel.
Dean did too. He could feel the stories and the soul, the creativity and humanity in the bones of the stage. He’d watched Bobby build sets and string up lights since as long as he could remember. There were few things as magical as watching a show come together.
Castiel smiled sympathetically. “Call if you’re ever in Miami.”
“Are you sure?” Castiel asked, correctly translating his murmurs. “If I hurt you–”
The shower was perfect as it washed away the sweat of the previous day. He hadn’t even had time to change from when Cas dropped him off at his car to when he met up with Sam at breakfast. The steam bordered on too hot and too much, especially after the heat outside, but any discomfort from the heat of the water was quickly forgotten as he decided to take advantage of this private moment. Dean lightly took his cock in hand and teased himself into full hardness.
“Mmmm,” Castiel said when they broke apart. “I can taste myself on your tongue.”
Dean was lost to the pleasure, lost to the feeling. He threw his head back and maneuvered his hips until he felt Castiel graze his prostate again and again. When Castiel moved a hand from his hip to wrap around his cock, he knew he was done for. He came so hard, shots of come flew over Castiel’s shoulder, some landing on his skin.
“There is more to life than laws,” Castiel replied.
“She told me to get out of here and fuck you.” He laughed as Cas’s eyes went impossibly wide. “She didn’t use those words.”
Dean pulled the blade out, preparing to make another attack when one more arrow flew by Dean’s ear and imbedded itself in Azazel’s eye. Dean turned from the blood splatter, cringing at the horror, so he nearly missed it as Azazel let out a final cry before his entire being simply went poof out of existence. A disturbingly familiar display.
“Good god, don't, never love anyone.”
“That’s my bro,” Dean said with pride.
It would turn out, however, that they wouldn’t have to wait long.
Marv checked his watch. “That’s in five minutes, you toadstool!”
“Absolutely not,” Castiel agreed.
“You can’t be my secretary any more, of course.”
“Funny,” Dean said. “I was going to say the same thing.”
At first he found nothing of interest, but then the light from the bathroom glanced off something on the carpet, something fine, and Dean leaned down.
Kevin sheathed his sword and went for the coil of rope sitting at the top of the Cliffs. With the two of them working the rope, the Man in Black crested the ridge within moments.
Dean groaned and covered his face with his hands.
“Dean,” Castiel said formally before turning around to face Dean head on. “I want to thank you for helping me. But I wouldn’t blame you if you… you know…”
They made good time in the forest, but Castiel was distant for most of it. Eventually he resumed his earlier position, resting his chin on Dean’s shoulder. He wrapped a hand around Dean’s bicep, right around the mark the evil bastard had put there, and squeezed like he wanted to burn the mark out.
Which is of course why Castiel stopped as suddenly as he had started.
"There’s one in the drawer," Dean admits, feeling the blush spread over his shoulders.
“C’mon,” Dean whispered into Castiel ear, “I’ve got some information, let’s head to the room.”
Cas recovered quicker, clearing his throat and saying in a surprisingly level voice, “My apologies. You know how it is with a new relationship.” He put an arm around Dean’s waist and tucked him into his side. “You must be Paul.” He offered his unoccupied hand, first to Paul, and then to Kristin. “And Kristin. I’m Castiel, Dean’s date.”
Crowley looked around the ledge and stroked his chin as he evaluated the surroundings. “Yep,” he said. “They came this way. There was a duel here.” That part, at least, he wasn’t making up.
Dean could hardly leave now, could he? Well, he
“You are damn lucky Dean didn’t slug you,” Benny said, throwing a pillow at her head. “Or catch on to how much he was being picked on.”
“Cas!”
“I'm not a witch, I'm your wife!” Charlie said, smacking her again. “But after what you just said, I'm not even sure I want to be that anymore.”
“What?” Castiel said, looking up.
They stood for a few moments, catching their breath and watching the horizon, just in case a straggler showed up. Dean holstered his blade and turned to Cas.
“C’mon, Dean. Let’s get it back to Gabriel, so he can get it back to Anna, and you can get back to… Yeah, I’m not going to finish that statement.”
“Hey,” Charlie said, “I play her, I know.”
Dean’s jaw dropped. “That’s, that’s not–”
“Like this?”
It was the entire room erupting into applause.
A second finger was added soon after and Cas hummed as he scissored that two. “I thought you’d be tighter. You’d said it’s been awhile.”
“I was,” Gregors, Omiel, agreed. “Like filth. And do you know why? It’s really quite ironic, given what you were up to a few hours ago, if Dean’s exit without a top was any indication.”Castiel’s face fell. He knew what Omiel meant. “I dared love a human. God cast me out, shunned me, but left me immortal to suffer for eternity, all because I once fell in love. I’ve been on this planet for millennia, taking on new identities when governments started to require them, learning to act human, and then the fates dropped you in my lap. And I. Want. Your. Grace.”
“Really?” He glanced back at the picture. “Maybe you should have your eyes checked.”
“Did you do it?”
Charlie kicked her in the shin but said nothing.
“How about you put your cock down my throat now,” Dean proposed. “Sir.”
The walk of shame never really bothered Dean, as that would imply a humiliation he didn’t feel, but Dean was nonetheless prepared to be teased for not coming back last night by Sam. Fortunately, he wasn’t in the room. And wherever he’d gone, he’d apparently made his bed first. What a dork.
They watched in peaceful silence as the ball of orange and fire and light sank into the grey shadows of the peaks and valleys of the great Smokey Mountains. The rays stretched through the thin line of white fluffy clouds, igniting the entire landscape. Slowly, the color shifted darker, filled with more purple, until the mountains were a silhouette and the sun was nearly gone.
A hand patted his thigh gently in commiseration, and when Dean looked to Cas, he smiled weakly but said nothing. After a moment, he turned to look out the window.
“You're incredibly attractive and I'd like to give your brother a reason to give me the Protective Brother Speech.”
Kneeling on the bed, Dean resisted jumping up and down with glee when Crowley let his steal hit the floor with a clank.
His face must have displayed at least some of his thoughts as Lisa rolled her eyes. “I don’t want him, you know. I mean, I did. Who wouldn’t? But about a month ago, he started talking about you like you made the sun rise, the moon shine, and heaven sprout angels. Didn’t take a genius to figure it out.”
“Did you even know this boat had a casino before I mentioned blackjack?”
If he didn’t want people to know his secret—about liking theatre of course—he was going to have to be more careful. He’d sat with the cast while the rest of the crew had spread out in the shop. That had probably looked odd.
“Oh hell no,” Dean says from the floor, his hand stilling Castiel’s.
The lights flashed behind Azazel’s eyes, and that wasn’t just a metaphor. His eyes literally flashed with light and fire, his expression shocked and angry, before he fell to the ground, twitching with electricity shooting across his skin before he gave a final jerk and stilled.
He groaned at the thought, his own cock releasing a dribble of pre-come.
“Truth or dare, Cas?” Charlie repeated, something gentle in her voice, a small up tilt to the corner of her lips.
“Truth.”
They maneuvered along the forest edge for a while, keeping off The Royal Road that ran between towns on this side of The Great Forest, just to be safe. After an hour or two, there was a squawk, and Norbert began to follow them from the sky. It seemed to make Castiel happy.
No one moved for a solid minute.
Somewhere, someone found a lute and another man grabbed bucket to bang on, and as the rain picked up outside, a party was raging inside.
With a roll of his eyes, Castiel lay down on the ground. “I'm saying that I spent many, many lonely nights without you in my arms and only one with you in them, and I think it's time to rectify that.”
“I didn’t,” Castiel replied, walking away. "But I will pay him later, when all of this is over. Most merchants accept dear meat.”
Dean spotted number twelve and then headed to the weights piled in the back corner. He hauled it over to line twelve and pushed the weight into place. Then he popped the safety clip off, grasped the rope, and lowered the locking lever to release its grip on the rope. He hollered clear and pulled up on the rope, watching the batten raise up. He stopped when it was level with the rest of the flies in the loft. Bobby could tweak it from there.
Through Castiel’s side-glance, for he dare not move to stare directly (that would be rude), he could just see Dean fish-lip his way into a response.
Abaddon waved a hand. “I know what iocane powder is.”
“Close?”
Or at least as long as Cas would let him.
Dean’s head, directly in front of Castiel vision, snapped up. “What is this shit?” he asked.
Once again, Cas was pushing Dean away. He crossed his arms. “I thought maybe this was more than a game after all. I had hoped, but….” He shook his head. “Doesn’t matter.”
He slid his hand over the mark on Dean’s bicep where a light began to glow. It radiated from Castiel’s palm into Dean’s skin. It looked like it should feel hot or tickle, but it did neither. It felt, more or less, like a kiss.
Dean was so relaxed, so loose, Castiel breached the rim easily. Dean’s eyes rolled back in his head.
He made no other promises and Dean supposed that was fair enough. Castiel owed Dean nothing, and he was grateful for the help he could get.
Abaddon snarled. “Fine. FINE. You will wait here,” she said, jabbing a finger into Kevin's chest. “IF, and this is a big if, IF he makes it to the top, you will kill him.”
Castiel nodded, his fingers still pinching the bridge of his nose. “Yes, of course.”
“Still want to take care of me afterwards?”
“What?” Dean asked defensively. “It’s good logic.”
“The sun is up, we should get moving,” Castiel said.
“They wanted you to force two people together that didn’t love each other?”
As Dean thought more about the things he liked about Castiel, the uneasy feeling in his stomach changed.
It was time to do something about this.
“That's a strange way to start a conversation,” the man replied. He took another sip of water.
Dean stared for a moment, his burger temporarily forgotten. “Seriously?” Pain exploded in his arm as Castiel punched him. “Ow! Sorry. I didn’t mean it that way. I just. I didn’t know you were gay, Jo.”
“I thought I saw…” Castiel mumbled, staring off into the distance. He sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose. “Nothing. I’m sorry, I’m just a bit jumpy.”
“Two shots of whatever will make my friend here funnier,” Dean told the barkeep. Castiel frowned, and toyed carefully at the edge of the glass set in front of them.
Their room, if it was possible, was even smaller than Dean had imagined.
Jeans gone, Castiel situated himself between Dean’s knees and made no delay in pulling the cotton of his boxers over his erection. His dick free and exposed to both the air and Castiel’s hungry stare, Dean had to once again brace himself by sinking his fingers into the bedspread.
Except they hadn't stolen anything. When Dean tried to question that, he was reminded that he was no longer needed and should move along.
Dean blinked. “Okay, shoot.”
“You have no idea.”
He gasped at the feeling, jarring him out of the fuzziness of sleep. “Shit, Cas, fuck me now and you can take me wherever you want.”
It took Dean a moment to understand what he was asking. “Go,” he said. “I’ll be fine. I’d tease you for trusting me with your stuff, but considering I can barely stand, I think we’re good.”
“Meatballs sound perfect.”
“What?” Castiel asked, suddenly self-conscious.
“Well then,” Sam commented. He toed at the body and it blessedly did not move. “What now?”
“Tell me that kiss in my mom’s living room was just the start.”
“What? No, Crowley skipped ahead when he heard the war path you were forging,” Dean supplied. “Skipped right over the vows and the rings, the cowardly little shit,” He palmed the back of his neck. “The country bought it though.”
“Mmmph,” Dean groaned into the arm tossed across his face.
“Well crap,” Dean said, stretching his arms above his head and cracking his neck. “We should probably get going then.”
“I'm Sam,” Sam explained calmly. “That's Kevin. We're not enemies, not any more. Kevin was hoping you'd help him get in the castle so he can avenge his mother. And since Dean is about to marry Crowley, we figured you'd want to get in there too.”
“Why not?”
Aw, fuck no.
Together, the five of them worked out a plan, one that used each of their unique skillsets and took advantage of their element of surprise. It made Dean nervous that didn’t have more intel, but things were what they were.
He even missed the adventure. Charlie and Kevin and Sammy, they were great, but nothing ever seemed to compare to that first adventure with Castiel, the crazy talented bowman with a crazy talented mouth.
“You at least have to calm down before you make that decision, Cas. Promise me that.”
They continued north after the short break, only this time, Castiel insisted Dean carry his own sword. The weight of it felt both strange and normal on Dean’s hip, hanging from the scabbard as they journeyed the rest of the way to the next town of Wind Driven. It was a long walk, much longer than either had anticipated. Usually towns sat within a day’s journey, but the distances could vary. They were both pretty confident the nearest town was coming, so even as the sun began to set, they continued walking.
“We have tonight?” Castiel supplied. His eyes were wide and pinched, hopeful and yet sad. He looked like he was breaking as much as Dean felt like his heart was being crushed. It wasn’t fair.
He drove off before Sam could respond. Dean wasn’t a jerk here, Sam was just a bitch.
“What?” Castiel echoed, looking at him as if he were crazy. Dean shifted his eyes to the side, where one group of archers sat, hoping Cas would follow his look and understand.
remember?” He pulls back and looks at Dean and bites his lip. “Let’s see what you can recall. Where were you supposed to meet me at Dean?”
Castiel didn’t respond. His eyes softened, and for a moment, Dean thought Castiel was going to kiss him. He looked away sharply instead. After a pause, he took a deep breath and stood, taking the two swords with him. He presented one of them to Dean.
Overwhelmed, all Castiel could say was, “Dean.”
‘Ahhh, Jesus Cas,” Dean cursed, bending a leg to get leverage and thrust back up, into Cas.
He collapsed over Dean, just barely catching himself with the hand not still wrapped around his cock. Castiel kissed Dean soundly, flickering just briefly with his tongue, before falling to Dean’s right and wrapping and arm tight around him. He breathed heavily into Dean’s ear, content in their wordless joy, letting their hearts calm down.
This could be the start of a beautiful relationship.
Sam guffawed, but didn’t comment, intent on getting to the casket as quick as possible.
“And what, miss the opportunity to tease you about it?” Mary laughed. “Fat chance.”
Warmth filled Dean’s cheeks.
Dean heard a rustle from nearby and thought nothing of it. And because he was still in a fugue like state, he also failed to hear the creaks until it was too late. A tree, small by comparison to the forest around them, but still about a foot in diameter, came crashing down right onto Dean. He had just enough time to throw himself backwards as hard as possible, but it wasn’t quite enough. His reflexes weren’t as sharp as they normally would have been, and the tree caught his right foot.
? And why are you looking into the murders?”
“We’re not feds,” Sam explained. “We uh. We’re independent contractors that specialize in-“
“Seriously, you didn't hear me say that this was all-inclusive? Or at least look at your ticket?” Sam asked with noted exasperation.
Again, Sam shared a look with Dean. While Sam prodded at the wound, Dean walked around the room.
Dean tugged on some boxers and jeans and grabbed a new black undershirt with a short sleeved plaid shirt overtop. He didn’t own many that were short-sleeved, but he was currently glad he did. After applying some deodorant and brushing his teeth, Sam was still buried in his laptop.
Cas joined Dean in the laughter. The waitress appeared to have decided they were crazy and made a beeline out of there.
Castiel was picking up pace, growing erratic and wild. He was a man possessed. Dean was dizzy with the need to come, fearing he was going to have to finish himself off after all when Castiel wrapped a hand around his cock. It took four pumps, and with a sharp bite to his shoulder, they were both coming.
Castiel nodded and adjusted his legs, spreading them wide and bending at the knee.
Castiel nodded. “Agreed,” he said. “And Dean,” he said, leaning closer, “I hate to say this, but that also means we have no idea if there are beasts nearby or not. But I swear,” Castiel added, bringing his hand up and cupping Dean’s cheek. “I will continue to protect you.”
They stood in front of their little farm house, Dean just behind his father, trying to look tall and proud and older than 16, but he failed on nearly all accounts. Still, it was enough to catch the wife's eye. Duchess Megan was her name, and while Dean's dad greeted them cordially and properly, her eyes wandered appraisingly over Dean.
“Hey man, something’s happening,” he said.
“That doesn’t hurt you, to do that?” Dean asked. Castiel looked at him strangely then, uncomprehending. “What?”
“Fuck!” Dean’s fingers gripped the bedspread. “N-no.” He shook his hand. “Can’t reach that on my own.”
“I think we were made for each other,” Castiel chuckled as he came up behind Dean.
He sat up sharply with a gasp.
He continued to fume. There were likely little trails of smoke wafting off of him by now.
Sam flipped the card in his fingers a few times. “I can see why.” He slid the card into his pocket. “C’mon, let’s get back to the room. I have a feeling about this.”
But as the days began to trickle by and Castiel did not come to him, Dean began to worry. What had happened to him? Had Crowley done something to him after all? It wouldn't surprise him, but it made Dean withdrawn and moody nonetheless.
Castiel nodded somberly.
To be continued...?
Yep, here he was, with no one but Dean and the massive ghost-audience, and the stage fright was still there.
Dean spent most of his free time with the horses now. They didn't ask questions, didn't care about how much he ate, or if he was out socializing with new people. His parents worried. Horses did not. Out in the fields, he had found a modicum of peace.
As Castiel began to sink down his length, tongue swirling and suction strong, Dean found that his hair was a much more suitable source for grounding than the bed spread and quickly worked two hands into the dark strands.
They wished Donahue well and headed out. If Dean had thought that Castiel would be comforted by talking to the man, he was very wrong. He was twitchy and chewing on his thumbnail. Castiel’s nails were normally immaculate, he wasn’t a nail biter.
~Finis
“Anything,” Castiel responded breathlessly.
“Well,” Dean said. “Charlie is gay.”
“Yeah,” Dean agreed, sobering up. “Alright.”
The man turned his eyes upward. Kevin decided to help him out and grabbed his face, forcing it upwards so he could meet Sam's eyes. “Dean has that exact same scar in the exact same place, and he also lost his brother. They thought you'd died, but you'd be the right age,” Castiel explained.
“Then I challenge you to a battle of wits.”
“Yeah.”
“Someone is killing people along the Red Royal Road, and we have to stop him,” Dean explained. He shifted on his feet. Dean had trained his team well. They would know he was keeping a fuckton to himself.
“We’re looking for the color blue, Dean.”
He forced Dean up so far they were able to kiss again, all teeth and no finesse.
“So basically we were trying to prove the same point by displaying our junk for half the school?” Dean mused.
“I told you that before we even went in to the party.”
“That way,” Dean said, taking off. He was walking quickly, buttoning his shirt back up.
When Castiel looked up, Dean was staring at him, eyes soft. He blushed and looked away.
“I'll tell you,” Castiel agreed.
“I wasn't though,” Castiel added softly. “Besides, Death cannot stop True Love. All it can do is delay it for a while."
“Fuck,” Dean mumbled again, so close that Castiel could feel warm breath on his neck. “You look so fucking hot, do you have any idea. Fishnets, a corset. Jesus fucking Christ, Cas, your eyes did
“Fuck.”
The rest of the dinner was filled with the kind of small talk that made Dean want to stab himself in the eye. How did quote-un-quote normal people enjoy this stuff? And want to do it on a regular basis?
“He’s been using a silencing charm,” Castiel mumbled to himself. “I should have thought of that sooner.”
The calmness lasted a full second before his eye caught something on a lower deck and he stiffened right back up.
“Are you also hiding from the dinner mayhem?”
Sure enough, whoever was behind them was now close enough that the binoculars were no longer necessary. And they were coming closer. Spotting the black-clad man at the helm, Dean didn't know whether the newcomer was a rescuer, or a new problem.
Metatron nodded. “Everyone will be envious of your prized husband.” He dropped his voice to barely a whisper and added, “His death will hit them most hard.”
Dean was quiet for a moment, the sound of a pinging pop tab ringing through the room. He reached over and covered Castiel’s pinging hand with his own.
“'Scuse me, sweetheart,” Dean said gently to the little girl. “Would you mind if I danced with my husband?”
He’d been letting Cas take the reins thus far, but perhaps it was time for Dean to make some plans.
“What? No,” Castiel said sharply. He eased when he realized no one was actually teasing him. In fact, it seemed to have been a legitimate question, free of judgement. But the answer was still no. “Cross dressers don’t have to be trans. Or gay, for that matter.”
As if he could hear Dean's thoughts, Castiel said, “I can let Roberts die, though someone will take his place. Killing Roberts doesn't kill piracy.”
Dean tilted his head, eyes sharp. “I think this could work.”
The second she was gone, Dean yanked Cas into the kitchen, shoved him against the fridge, and braced an arm across his chest.
“Because it’s always you who did something.”
Castiel gave him a soft, awkward smile and squeezed his hand. A thank you.
A slight pause in Azazel’s stride was the only sign that he had noticed Dean. As he pulled in close and noticed who it was, an ugly smile broke out on his ugly face. He whispered to his companion, and the man’s eyebrows went up with a surprised, yet happy expression.
“Dancing?” Dean asked.
“Oh god, Cas, you couldn't have come before that dickbag had the clergyman declare Crowley and I man and husband?”
Castiel was silent a long time before he responded. “Sometimes humans are cruel and senseless,” he said. “Some merely exist, neither good nor bad, simply going about their mundane lives.” He looked to Dean, and raised a hand, letting the back of it brush Dean’s cheek. “Then there are people like you, born good and kind, lights in a dim world.”
He hit the ground and shoveled out a few more clods of Earth. It barely made a dent in how far they had to go. It would not have been his wish to dig up two graves in less than twenty four hours.
“Yeah. Oh,” Sam said. “I've been looking for you everywhere, and I find you doing nothing more than drinking yourself into a coma in a seedy bar.”
“Lower the rope,” the Man in Black said at last.
He opened the top and rubbed a small amount onto Dean’s swollen flesh before setting the jar aside. Cas massaged the drops in so gently that it almost seemed to ease the soreness, not add to it. Then, carefully, he resumed his task of bandaging the busted knee.
Dean shrugged.
Castiel didn’t look fully convinced, but he gave a small press forward anyway and slid a little deeper. He worked himself inside of Dean in tiny little thrusts, loosening Dean up as he went and giving him time to adjust. By the time he bottomed out, Dean was getting impatient and thrusting back.
“Castiel!” Dean called as they approached. “Come out here.”
A sad looked passed over his face. “I refused to do my job,” Castiel said. “The young woman I was sent to shoot with my bow, she was already in love. But heaven wanted her with someone else, and I refused. I’d long since doubted that my job was just, but that was the final straw. How could I destroy happiness all for the sake of bloodlines Heaven might need one day?”
Dean skipped his boxers, slid on his jeans, and went down to his car without a shirt. He was already stripped bare in every way possible, what would a shirt protect? He hadn’t let himself process the revelation yet, but things were about to change.
So it was a great relief when his mom pressed a hand into his shoulder and whispered, “The night’s winding down. Why don’t you and Cas head out?”
I now present the abridged abridged re-re-released edition of
Again, Dean didn’t respond. Though this time, he did give her a disapproving look.
“What?”
Dean felt a need too great to explain to be as physically close to Castiel as possible. He pulled his hips ups, gently letting Castiel’s softening cock slip out, but otherwise didn’t move, other than to cling to the man below him like a life preserver. Castiel returned the sentiment, holding him just as tight, Dean’s head tucked into his neck. Dean knew what he was going to say before he said it. He’d been denying the feeling, denying the hints, and Castiel was about to shatter the illusion.
Silence hung in the air for a long moment, then Dean spoke again. “Pink panties.”
They took a break at midday, despite the fact that Dean had no mid-day meal to share, so Dean could practice his sword work. He could hear Castiel’s stomach rumbling, nearly as loud as his own, but made no mention of it as they clashed steel.
“Oh yeah? Ash invited me earlier.”
“Shut up.” Castiel punched her lightly in the shoulder. “He also talked like he’s seen more than one audition. Said mine was the best,” he added with a blush.
“Only one of us!” Dean shouted back. “The other is a ranger!”
“So do you want to watch another movie or…?”
Abaddon rolled her eyes. “Just kill him,” she said as if she were discussing the weather. “Sam, throw Dean back over your shoulder, we're moving on. Kevin, after you kill him, catch up.”
A digital shutter click ruined their moment. Sam was standing ten feet away, grinning like the cat that caught the canary.
Shaking his head from his thoughts, the Man in Black retrieved his sword and continued on, following the sounds of an angry woman yelling at a clearly misbehaving and stubborn captive.
Taking Cas’s cock back between his lips, he wiggles his eyebrows. Castiel adds his other hand to Dean’s hair, tightens the grip, and slowly pushes him down until Dean’s lips are seated at his base once again. He pulls his hips back just a bit and thrusts gently forward. When Dean doesn’t gag, he does it again, again, until he’s thrusting his hips and pulling and pushing with his hands so hard and fast that Dean’s eyes do eventually begin to water.
“I– I broke the law,” Dean supplied like it was obvious.
Dean stared into his eyes for an uncomfortably long beat. But it was more than Cas would ever get, so he refused to break the gaze.
Then Castiel wrapped his arm around Dean and pulled him close, and the chill was quickly chased away in the warmth of Castiel’s body heat.
“Fair enough,” Kevin replied. “Where do we find him?”
Cas glanced from Dean’s hands to his face. “Nothing.”
“How much for a bath?”
Ah, Sam’s bitch-face. It just wasn’t a case until he provoked at least one.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa,” Dean said, spreading his hands. “First of all, if you hadn’t noticed, the current king is still kinda sitting there. I’m not all about regicide, Cas. He hasn’t done anything wrong, not that we know of. I’m not going to go claiming any thrones unless I have to.”
“What?” Dean hollered. “If you want it done better, next time ask somebody who gives a shit about all of this stuff.”
“Now then,” Metatron said, moving to the machine behind Castiel's head. He reappeared in Castiel field of vision with suctions cups. They were attached to tubes, which Castiel assumed connected them to the torture device. “Took me a year and a half to design and construct her,” Metatron explained as he applied the suction cups to his torso. “She's my pride and joy. I'm sure you've noticed by now my deep and abiding love for pain?”
It was a promise Dean intended to hold him to.
All Dean could manage was a nod. Castiel’s fingers were caressing his palm. There was no reason for that, no one could even see it.
“In that case, I take it all back. Never talk to Sam.”
It had been a weird week.
Then he'd told Kevin the most important bit. One of the men who had come out and examined where Abaddon had been killed, one of Crowley's advisers, was a six fingered man. Even from his hiding spot, Sam could make it out.
“Just scratches,” Dean responded, a tone of petulance in his voice.
“Yes,” Castiel agreed. “Yes you were.”
He still couldn’t process what the clenching in his chest meant. He was scared, he hurt, he just wanted to die and he didn’t really care if there was more to it.
“Ooooh, yes, it’s definitely a boy. Come on, who?”
“Why?” Kevin asked, confused.
“Cas,” Dean whispered, pulling him to the side the second they were in the hallway, “These aren’t robberies. Someone is looking for something.”
Castiel chuckled weakly. “I just… I thought maybe I’d pushed you too far at the end there. I hadn’t intended that bit. But you were so responsive, I thought maybe…”
“Get away from me, you witch!”
Dean shrugged, even though Sam couldn’t see it. “I shouldn’t have kept it from you,” Dean told him.
Castiel dropped into the chair next to him with a happy grin.
“Yeah.”
His toes curled with arousal and need and his cock oozed even more onto the bed below. He loved restraint and could never explain why. Considering how many times it was used against him, he should hate it.
“Back to the top of La Vie Bohem then,” Pamela directed.
He looked at Dean, evaluating something before responding. “Yes, I’ll take a Yuengling please.”
Cas gasped as he came, and when Dean tasted the first spurt, he took Cas into his throat and swallowed around the head. He’d done that move before so he was prepared for Cas’s thrash of overwhelming pleasure and the clench of his fingers in his hair.
The tone, the hateful, shame filled, accusatory, crude tone hurt like hell.
“Castiel?” he asked. The man had a slight accent, different from the mix of Southern twang and Mid-Western proper that made up Gatlinburg’s sound.
Paul smiled just this side of too politely, if such a thing were possible. “Dean didn’t tell us he was bringing a date.”
The command came out loud and clear from the man in charge of the gates. Everyone around him was cowering, shaking and twitching their legs backwards, itching to flee.
Dean wasn’t sure what Castiel had in mind, but he wasn’t about to argue. He followed Castiel’s guiding hands until he was at Castiel’s head.
Castiel would have laughed at it all, and the thought caused another pang in his chest every time he thought it. Time had not helped—the pain of his passing hurt just as much as it ever had. He dreamed of Castiel almost every night. Usually a confusing blur of sapphire eyes and a background of moving, elusive blue.
There was one thing, however, that he completely failed to account for and that was that in the movie version, which they were both obviously familiar with, Maureen kisses Mark. Not that Castiel expected Dean to kiss him, but when that moment came, Dean’s movements definitely stuttered.
“Hmm,” the Man in Black replied noncommittally. “Pour the wine.”
As the nausea rolled again in his tummy, Castiel thought that breaking a leg might be desirable. Then he’d get out of having to actually go on stage in front a room full of actually, breathing, living people. There was no ghost-audience tonight.
Sam licked his lips. “It's... complicated. I have no family, haven't since I was a boy. She's all I have.”
By the time she’d finished, thankfully without damage to his eye, there was still over a half hour to go before curtain. The nerves were rapidly returning. What was he going to do for half an hour? Throw up 16 times?
“Well yeah, what you just said is fucking scary,” Dean explained.
Castiel groaned. “Jesus Dean, you are going to kill me.”
Castiel purred at his confession. “You're amazing, Dean,” he told him. “I did not have so much control. I've orgasmed twice since we met, both times thinking about how my cock would look down your throat.”
Dean had a point. Maybe he shouldn’t be making huge decisions while hyperventilating. All he could manage was a nod though.
They were interrupted by a knock on the door. Castiel raised up, on high alert, so Dean put a hand on his shoulder as he passed him on the way to the door. “I ordered a bath,” he explained. Castiel’s eyebrows went to the ceiling, which Dean found strange. Baths weren’t that weird.
“Um,” Dean responded, trying to buy a second to evaluate which lie would work best. It depended on how certain the barkeep was that Dean had been the pickpocket, and he looked pretty certain. “Yeah, I feel really bad about that, I want to give him his money back, so if you know where–”
blade. Exortium.
“I wish I could befriend all the animals,” Castiel said. “But I don’t have the patience for it.”
Dean was whispering with Ash when Castiel looked back to him. There was no doubt in Castiel’s mind that if Dean could find it in himself to continue with the drama club, he could be the stage manager for the Spring play. He understood sets like Castiel understood pitch, and Ash would gladly step back.
Castiel pulled him faster. Through a door, down a hallway, through a bedroom door.
Dean palmed the back of his neck. “Uh…” Crap. Had they made out? More? He didn’t usually forget a girl he’d been intimate with. It wasn’t just that he didn’t know her name. Her face was only passingly familiar.
“Castiel,” Dean said, rolling it around on his tongue. “I like it.”
An hour later, Dean strode into the casino wearing what Sam had called, “business casual.” The button down was nothing special, but the black slacks were sharp, and Dean knew his ass looked damn fine in them.
They watched Gabriel jump overboard and presumably swim away into the night and then headed back towards Castiel’s room. Cas unlocked it and went in, pausing to hold it open, but Dean hesitated in the hallway with Sam.
“Dean,” Castiel managed to get out brokenly, “I'm— I'm going to—”
Castiel smiled, pleased Dean had said yes. He still didn’t understand why Dean was doing this, since it was obvious his feelings towards theatre were muddied, but he was sure glad Dean was willing to help. He was doing much better at practice, and the fact that he was getting to spend more time with Dean didn’t hurt either.
Castiel huffed. “I’m giving me time to adjust as much as you. Whatever experience you have Dean, it’s been awhile, hasn’t it?”
It felt so freaking good. It had been a while since he'd been with a guy, let alone one so gorgeous or talented. He needed this so bad, to be breached, and finger fucked. To be royally fucked out.
After some discussion, Dean found himself climbing into the passenger seat of a Ford pickup. He’d never been much of a Ford guy, but he was at least grateful that Castiel wasn’t driving some fruity tiny high gas mileage piece of crap. And he supposed, given the environment, an all-terrain made a bit more sense than his Baby.
Dean was pissed.
“No!” Metatron wailed.
“Cas?” a female voice rang out down the hallway.
Dean let out the most frustrated sound he had ever made in life as his head thumped against the door one more time.
“How are you not melting your balls off?” Dean asked. Castiel made a small noise of confusion, so Dean added, “Never mind, go back to sleep Cas.” He hummed contentedly and the sound of heavy breathing filled the air once more.
Then Cas was moving to his nightstand and pulling out a purple bottle. He popped it open and poured some of its contents onto his fingers. He repositioned himself between Dean’s legs, and Dean felt fingertips dance around his rim, spreading slippery wetness. The first finger slid in easily, a glide that Dean enjoyed more than he’d care to admit.
Dean nodded, then realized he should probably communicate better than that. “Yeah. You’re just bigger than a few fingers.” He was bigger than anyone Dean had ever been with, actually, and it was going to be mind-blowing. “‘S good.” He gave his hips an experimental wiggle and was relieved to find there wasn’t any pain. “C’mon, Cas, if you don’t move, you aren’t really fucking me, now, are you?”
“Don’t. Stop,” Castiel panted.
That wasn’t the first time he’d caught Dean looking at him. Which was very, very unfortunate, because Castiel wanted to spend more time looking at Dean, and he was making that quite impossible.
Flour and potatoes. What would be next? Zucchini?
Dean pecked him on the lips. “You’d let me. And be incredibly frustrated for it. But no, I’m not freaking out. I’m stuck on how awesome your dick feels.”
“Stairs will be faster.”
“Jerk,” Sam responded automatically. “Seriously Dean, what happened? Did you break Castiel’s heart?”
Dean shrugged. “Just haven’t known him that long. Hadn’t come up before.”
“I know that move too,” Cas explained. He sucked a hickey into Dean’s hip before dipping lower and taking Dean’s length into his mouth. Dean bucked and Cas pulled off almost as fast as he had gone down. “Mmm. Later.”
“I’m not gay,” Dean finished.
“That doesn't seem very fair,” Kevin replied with a frown.
To top it all off, the room didn’t have a fireplace, and was freezing cold. The sound of the rain on the glass, though normally something that helped him sleep, now served to make the room feel even more miserable.
“I’m still not sure I understand everything you find funny,” Castiel said. “But I’m glad you’re amused.” Then he added, “We need to find another place to sleep for the night.”
When Castiel tilted his head questioningly, Dean blushed.
He hadn't been counting cards, but it was entirely possible Castiel was.
“Shit, Cas,” Dean said, wobbling his head sideways to look at him. “Good doesn’t cover it. Where did you learn that?”
“So?”
“Perhaps,” Castiel croaked, “it has something to do with not being an assbutt.”
“At least an hour,” Charlie supplied.
Even without the spandex and fishnets, that was exactly what happened this time, too. Cas was beautiful, his body was amazing, and it felt even better when it was bumping against his. Maybe he’d could get a second chance at that party hookup sans gold underwear.
“I scheduled a massage at the spa for first thing after we get back though, I hope you don’t mind.”
“Don't be daft, hand him over-”
“When's the wedding?”
“So you’re spending the entire cruise getting laid.”
Something about the look Missouri gave him told Dean she already knew anyway.
“When you were freshmen and I was a senior, he hit on me.”
“Skip to the end!” Crowley ordered.
Dean stiffened and didn’t respond.
They walked the length of the town looking for another place to sleep, but Snow Bitten was a small town and they did not encounter another tavern or inn by the time they’d begun to reach the country side.
looking down at Dean. Castiel looked positively feral. He rid Dean of the last of his clothes, and wasted no time sliding between Dean's legs. He licked is lips and then Dean's length was swallowed whole.
Lips were pressed to the head of his cock and Dean felt it pulse with a sudden flare of arousal. He was already dribbling precome. He had always been on the light side of precome amount, and it only presented itself when he was extremely worked up. Right now, he was definitely extremely worked up.
“What?” Castiel asked, pulling back.
“I would never love you,” Dean finally replied.
“Are you inviting me back to your place, Cas?” Dean asked with a half grin, the flirting coming a little easier. Whether or not he could go through with anything was up to the butterflies in his stomach. And since when does a man who has literally been to hell and back get butterflies in his stomach?
Kevin drew his sword and stood quickly, which, in his inebriated state, meant he fell two steps backward. Still, as the Brute approached, Kevin was able to effectively back him away with swipes of his steel. Him and the next two goons that came after him.
“Anything for my angel,” he responded with a wink.
“That’s Castiel’s signature,” Dean said. When Sam did not react suitably shocked, Dean added, “The guy I was with last night.”
was there.
“We'll sing in the shower together again tonight, but this time, we'll be sharing the water.”
“You okay?” Dean asked, once he they were outside, leaning back into the Impala. She had been parked askew. Sam must have taken the keys Dean dropped and then gone for Cas.
“Good,” Dean repeated, nodding to himself. “Okay, well. Um. I should… Sam…”
Didn’t matter, Dean would never tell him if it did.
It took them ten minutes to decide they had learned nothing and wasted a trip. Dean relocked the door and they left.
“Well you have to admit, it’s a little hot out there,” Dean commented.
Gabriel began to protest, so Sam tightened his hold.
The attendant tried to quiet him, but Dean and Cas were still able to hear about how his suite had been ransacked, even though nothing had been found missing. And worse, as he told the masseuse, his friend’s room had been raided too.
The plan had been to have a few drinks and then ask about “their friend.” And Dean somewhat succeeded in that plan, dropping a question or two about a friend traveling through, one dressed all in black, but he didn’t really get anywhere. Everyone was too drunk or entertained to be bothered. At some point he’d just said ‘fuck it’ and decided to join the fun. After the last 24 hours, he figured karma owed it to him.
Dean hooked his foot around Cas’s ankle and with a tug—and a touch of athletics and grace—he flipped them. He bent down and sucked a nipple into his mouth, delighting in the gasp it earned him.
Jo and Charlie glanced at each other, blushed and giggled.
Fortunately, he did have a trick card up his sleeve. Years of practice with his predecessor and a predisposition for a strong mind honed a unique ability to shrug off pain. He simply slid his conscious mind away from the part that was hurting and ignored it. It could take a moment, especially if he was caught unaware like he was with the rat, but that was a rare and blessed skill indeed.
There was a protocol in place for this situation. Go back to the beginning and regroup. So he went back to the beginning—the bar he and Sam had been recruited in—and waited.
“You should show me some respect Dean,” Castiel growls. Dean has a brief moment of fear that this is all over when the man steps away. But Castiel has simply moved to the front of the desk, pulling open a drawer and plopping a bottle of lube and a condom on the desk edge, near Dean’s hip. “But yes, I did promise I’d lick that sweet ass of yours. Is that what you want Dean?” Cas asks as he steps behind Dean again, gently stroking Dean’s hips and letting his erection brush lightly at Dean’s cheek through his slacks.
Luckily, Dean didn’t really expect a response. “Tell me you took the part.” The hand he had left on Castiel’s shoulder squeezed ever so slightly as he spoke.
Because I spend every second of every day resisting the urge to bend you over the couch and fuck you senseless?
Kevin pulled out the sword and sighed. Spinning on spot, he laid back on the tree and thunked his head into the bark. A click rang out and a panel of wood popped open from the trunk, revealing a small entry point and a staircase that went down.
“Theater again? Really, Sammy?” Dean said with another chuckle, ruffling his younger brother’s hair. Castiel had seen him do that a few times. It never went over well.
“So just what the fuck is wrong with me?”
Dean was forced back onto the box he'd been sitting on by strong, large hands. Looking up, Dean discovered the owner of these strong, large hands was an equally strong, large man. He had brown floppy hair and soft hazel eyes. He seemed familiar, and not just from being the one to attack him earlier. But given the way he was retying Dean's hands in front of him, wrapping extra rope around to prevent him from escaping again, Dean really hoped he didn't know the guy.
“The feud between the Ogles and Gatlins would still be going on if it wasn’t for the fact that all the Gatlin’s died off,” Catherine said with a nod. “I’m surprised you didn’t encounter that yet, with your research.”
He sat awkwardly in the choir room with six other people, all of whom apparently knew each other much better than he knew any of them. He recognized Kevin, a smart kid he’d met at a chess club meeting once or twice, but they’d never hung out before. Still, Kevin was the only one who’d given him a head nod of acknowledgement when he’d walked in.
Kevin sighed. “Then I swear it on the soul of my mother, you will reach the top alive.”
“I need a refresher,” Dean said out of nowhere. “Care to join me for a drink, Cas?”
Thus he spent the next 90 minutes utterly not listening to a word on the discussion about Julius Caesar. That’s right, they couldn’t even be like a normal school where the agony would end in 45 minutes. No. They had to be a school with “block scheduling,” which meant that each class was 90 minutes long, but only lasted a semester. Same number of classes, just less time spent walking between them.
It was far more than he expected, but this was his fourth night away from home, and given everything they’d been through, he wanted to splurge a little. So he paid for the bath and she promised someone would bring up the tub soon.
“I never know where the ideas come from,” Castiel said, appearing at his side. “These images of mine.”
“Yes,” Castiel said breathlessly. “It's you.”
Sam startled at his name being called.
“Yeah,” Castiel said. “Yeah, this was a bad idea, I should quit now—“ He was standing up, he was going to leave, he was so stupid to think he could do this.
“No coming. Not yet.”
Paul did, however, have a strange need to set Dean up with his daughter. And while there was nothing wrong with Kristin, he was really not interested. There was only one person he’d been interested in for a while, and he was having a hard time moving past it. No matter how much he should.
The road was not far from where he and Impala had stopped, but Dean was still surprised when he heard hooves on the pavement. Few people traveled out this way but his family.
Castiel nodded. “I’ll call. This isn’t goodbye.”
“Oh my god.”
By the time the show ended on opening night, it had been past 11 and well past when John would accept Dean getting him and Sam home, but he’d taken Cas aside and kissed him again. And again and again.
“I know,” Castiel responded. They both knew they weren’t talking about the finger anymore.
Dean blushed. “Sorry.”
She hummed her agreement absently, her eyes dancing merrily between them as her lips slid into something sly. “You know, my dad was wrong about one thing. You don’t have to go home to get some privacy.” She winked and waltzed away.
“That seems a little extreme,” Roberts commented. “In what way have I wronged you?”
The kingdom expected him to marry. His mother expected him to marry. Everyone and the kingdom next door expected him to marry. No king could ever be single, it just wasn’t proper.
“You know, I think there’s more to him than meets the eye,” he said. Anna quirked an eyebrow. “He used the word ‘thespian.’ Correctly.”
“Please,” Castiel added. He sounded like it would physically pain him if Dean didn’t tell him where the mark came from. It was important to him, and Dean was starting to get that. Maybe it
Castiel looked down sharply. “You need to continue the line,” Castiel explained. “I can’t do that for you, to the realm. I’m sorry I got us into this, I am, was, an ex-warrior of heaven, I should have been able to resist my feelings for you, it’s all my fault. You need to forget about me, need to–”
Inside, they were greeted by Dean’s mom almost immediately after they stepped through the door.
He stripped efficiently and laid his clothes on the bed, and paused. It was the first time he’d taken off his clothes since this whole thing had begun, and there, on his left bicep was an ugly, twisted shape of raised skin. Like a burn mark, only shaped unnaturally into the form of a snake. Dean fingered around it gingerly, trying to quash the terror beginning to boil inside. This must be the physical representation of the mark the evil bastard had put on him.
“This is Dean's true love,” Sam said, jumping in, connecting the dots. “Prince Dean. This man would stop the wedding today, I'm sure of it.”
It went similar to the previous morning, only this time, Castiel didn’t steal anything. Dean bought some bread for lunch again, adding a water flask and some trail nuts, and they set out for another leg of their journey. This time, at least, Dean knew it would be a long day. The sign post outside town had indicated it was 25 miles to Snow Bitten. They probably wouldn’t arrive until well past sun fall.
He blushed and scrambled quickly to his feet, rushing to put the microphone back in the stand.
As he departed rather hastily, Dean felt his shoulders sag about six inches.
It turned out, living in a palace was kind of annoying. Dean didn't like feeling enclosed, and he was constantly the focus of someone's gaze. He increasingly regretted saying yes to Crowley's proposal, even if he didn't have much of a choice. Crowley had promised to help him find the Dread Pirate Roberts, but only after they were wed, and so Dean was waiting out the days until his plan could come to fruition.
guest at their apartment, being stupidly busy with grad school and all that, but he had definitely been there.
It would be a pretty stupid thing to have a competition about. So they both didn’t have moms, and had dads with problems. That just meant that they both had been dealt crappy hands in life.
Dean still wasn’t sure how he ended up in the position of having to stop this man, but considering his own life was on the line, and Castiel could help kill the things attacking him, he really didn’t have any other choice.
Castiel played dirty. He accented the question with a press of his hips. And since his jeans were only unzipped, but otherwise still on, Dean felt the bite of cold metal press into his most heated and sensitive bits. It didn't hurt per se, but it sent a new, thrilling zip across Dean's nerve system and certainly helped Dean decide what he wanted.
“I can’t either,” Dean confessed quickly before crashing his mouth onto Castiel’s.
The idea of mourning Queen Rowena was endlessly amusing to Dean and he had to leave the room to laugh his hysterics in private.
He was gone. Everything was gone, except for a lot of arrows laying on the ground, and a massive owl circling overhead. She cooed once, landing gently on Castiel’s shoulder.
The whiskey was strong and smooth as Dean sipped at it. It warmed his stomach the same way the sunlight was warming his skin, the same way the sky being set on fire warmed something undefinable, and the same way the man by his side inexplicably warmed everything else.
At least, Castiel thought so.
“As you wish,” came Castiel's reply, muffled by hay and horses.
Crowley’s answering grin cast his face in ominous shadow. “Excellent.”
That night, Dean merely motioned for Castiel to join him on the other side of the bed, and Castiel took his place without protest. He sat, stretching his legs out and crossing his feet at the ankle, lacing his fingers and settling them on his stomach.
“It's a nice night, Cas, we should take a walk.”
was the movie. I love it. As a kid, the adventure and tale of True Love was fun and awe inspiring and romantic. It was a true fairy tale.
Pieces began to fall into place. Like why Castiel had locked himself away. He had said he’d failed his king. He didn’t say how it had happened. Dean was beginning to regret prying, but. Well, he needed to know.
The brush ended abruptly and Dean found himself in a small clearing. The mist was less thick here, parting around a small camp that Castiel evidently called home. In the center of the clearing was a small fire pit with a makeshift spit roast above it, some delicately hand carved trunks-turned-benches positioned around the fire. Back from the fire was a small log cabin.
“Dude,” Dean said, catching a plaque on the wall with her name on it. “She’s been city manager for 25 years.”
There was silence after that, safe for the loud sounds of celebrating and partying coming from downstairs. Dean tried to relax and enjoy his bath, but it just wasn’t the kind of silence that was comfortable. It was weighted, and weird.
After a stop to get some chips, he headed for the Blackjack tables. The seat next to Castiel was vacated just as Dean approached and he slid smoothly into it.
“Oh, Dean, did you need—“
“Anyyyyway, I wanted to let you know that I haven’t found any connection between the vics,” Charlie told him.
“Go,” Castiel commanded, and he fled.
She took a deep breath. “Sam says this ghost is after decedents from Thomas Ogle. Now, I didn’t recognize his face or anything, but the only spirit that would have a beef with Ogle’s would be Radford Gatlin.”
The stars were beautiful and Dean kept wishing Cas would wake up and come join him. His shift was almost over when his wish was fulfilled and Castiel sunk to the ground beside him. He put his head on Dean’s shoulder and was silent for a long moment.
“Huh. Hard to believe you didn’t have dozens asking you though.”
“You only told me cause I caught you flirting with a guy in a bar, and even then it was mostly because you had seven beers in you,” Sam said.
For a moment, time had died. Or at least, it wasn’t moving.
Dean had an awesome mom. For one, she knew what he actually wanted to drink. For another, she hadn’t pressured him about Cas, which meant they hadn’t been forced to fake their way through a relationship yet. Maybe he could survive this night after all.
A few more feet.
Eventually, when Dean's anger had become a low and constant burn, he made for town, desperate to find the Dread Pirate Roberts and exact revenge for the love that was taken from him. But his thirst would go unquenched. No one knew anything about the pirate, and he lacked money to hire a ship and a crew to seek him for himself. Even the other low-lifes of the town couldn't see a reason to go after such a notorious pirate, no matter how much plunder Dean promised them from his share.
Dean chuckled. “As you wish.”
There is a moment, when one is losing air, between when one loses consciousness and one loses his life. The Man in Black released his squeeze around the man's throat just in time for him to lose only the first, and not the later. The giant man fell to the ground unconscious, but still breathing.
“I apologize, Dean,” Castiel said as their drinks were handed over. “You’re panting, perhaps I’ve been a little too rough with you.”
But here he was, having a great time, out with the man that made him happier than he could ever remember being. The man that pulled him out of himself, to accept who he was and be proud of it.
Okay, maybe that’s not fair. But it probably wasn’t exactly a non-possibility either. Probably.
“I’ll follow you,” Castiel said, pulling back. Dean had given him the address in English class earlier, just in case, but that was more of a backup than anything.
“Any chance you could speed things up?” Kevin asked.
Dean blinked twice, surprised. He’d thought, if anyone was going to have an issue with his law breaking, it would be an angel. “For real? That doesn’t bother you?” Dean asked. “All moral and goodness, Mister Angel?”
“What?” Dean snapped, crossing his arms defensively. Shit, seriously, how could Sam possibly know what just happened? “Why do you think it had anything to do with Cas?”
“I'll call security. Look around—don't touch anything—but see if you can notice anything missing,” Castiel instructed. He carefully stepped into the room and picked up the phone by the bedside to call the operator.
Dean saw movement from behind his attackers. Charlie took out the last standing man besides Azazel with a sweet sneak attack that Dean had taught her and she had perfected.
“That way to what?”
“Yes you were.”
“Memory problems?” Sam asked. “I can jog that.” He knocked a fist on the man's head and he crumpled like paper to the ground. “Uh...” Sam mumbled. “I didn't mean to hit him
Crowley bristled and eyed Castiel up and down, measuring his strength and threat. Even with the nasty wound in his shoulder, Castiel made for an impressive man. Then Crowley's eyes slid to Dean.
Dean expected him to stay there for a while, just warming his cock on Dean’s ass, but he paused only for a second before pulling out and driving back in. Dean smacked his palm against the wall to brace himself. As Castiel worked quickly into a forceful pace, he really hoped the other side was a storage room or something equally unoccupied. Otherwise they were getting an earful.
Abaddon was quite proud of herself for that one. “Drink,” she ordered. “You from yours, me from mine.” Her confidence only grew as she saw a smirk form on the Man in Black's lips. She had chosen correctly, no need to reach for the knife after all.
In the peaceful town of Lawrenceville, there lived an ordinary boy on an ordinary farm. He had an ordinary family and lived an ordinary life. It was all rather... ordinary. Even his name was ordinary—Dean, he was called.
Castiel groaned as he wiggled his finger. “You’re so tight. And hot. And perfect.”
“It’s when you...” Dean coughed. “Um. You know what? It’s not important.”
“Five minutes to curtain!” someone called when Castiel was making his way down the narrow hallway. Whelp. That meant it was time to take his position on stage with the rest of the main cast for the opening number.
He went to leave the room, but Dean’s hand shot out and wrapped around Castiel’s bicep. “What did you misconstrue?” Dean asked. His voice was weak and the words almost didn’t come out.
“Dean,” Sam interjected, taking him by the elbow and pulling him roughly two steps back. “He’s got a point. He saved our asses last night.”
His owl, Norbert apparently, arrived while dinner was cooking. It was freaking huge and when it landed right above Dean, he nearly pissed himself. Castiel pet its head a few times while the ginormous bird cooed. Then he flapped to a higher branch, settled in, and took to watching them. Dean had the strangest sense that Norbert didn’t quite like him.
Castiel shrugged. “I honestly don’t know what they are looking for. I’m not the only selkie to walk the land at great length, their motivations could be as diverse as anyone’s.”
hero.”
“Fuck,” Castiel mumbled. He went from one finger to three in a heartbeat, plunging them in roughly, fucking Dean with them hard and deep.
“On the soul of my mother-”
It was a change of topic, but Castiel didn’t call him on it.
Dean groaned. “You promised me we’d never speak of Mark again.”
One of Dean’s many gifts was having a second sense for trouble, and it was going off. He scanned the bar for the source and it didn’t take long to spot the problem. Some huge guy with a bad farmer’s tan was hitting on a girl at the bar, and from the way she was trying to push him away, she didn’t seem to appreciate it.
Castiel shook his head.
“Dean, I’ve been human more years than I was a seal. That life is behind me. Sure, I take cruises, sometimes I miss the sea, but I like my legs. I like this body. I like what I can do with it, with you. I am human. I just happen to have an ability you don’t have. When you told me who you were, I thought it meant you would understand the difference between a monster and what I am.”
