Prince Tony with his smug smile and his ballroom dancing and his snide comments.
Bucky snorted at him, then pulled him in abruptly so he could press his mouth to Tony’s cheek with affection and relief. “It’s… so good to see you, Tony. I was afraid I never would again.”
As if his eyes are operating with a mind of their own, Tony’s stare falls slowly, inexorably, from the man’s beautiful face to his beautiful stomach. He had never thought a stomach could be beautiful before. Sexy, sure. Flirty in the right shirt, hell yes. But dear god—it’s not even the heroic six pack that’s doing it for him, because it’s not like he’s never seen one of those before. The guy’s hips are even narrower than Tony’s, which—taking into account the fact that his shoulders are probably
“Just be careful until we’re at the conference,” Howard replied. “The hotel’s a different story, it’s more civilized. But out in the city…”
Steve’s heart throbbed in shock and hurt, but Natasha leaned forward so that her unbound hair trailed over Bucky’s chest. “Shh, shh,” she soothed. “You're safe, you’ve been asleep. Don't try to move.”
“I didn’t know you were coming,” Nia admitted.
Though Rhodey considered himself too old to play rambunctiously with the other children, he
But then he seemed to notice all at once how many people were about.
Tony laughed. “I can hardly believe that man was arguing for a cartouche at all,” he chortled. “How very primeval. A lozenge would be a far better choice for the arms of a lady of your stature, am I right?”
“You okay, Nee?” Jim asked, bumping her arm with his fist.
“Will you play for us?” Natasha asked Tony, herding him towards the harpsichord without awaiting a response. She shoved him down hard onto the seat. “We have missed your playing.”
He might never come back.
“Yeah, that makes up for all the hugs I didn’t get as a child,” Nia retorted, surprising herself with her anger. “If he respects me, he’d be at graduation.”
Everyone crowded into Tony’s rooms that night, not wanting to let him out of their sight, for the most part. He fell asleep crushed between Pepper and Steve, with Natasha against Pepper’s back and her hand resting on Tony’s hip. Everyone else bundled up on the floor on furs or pallets, a cacophony of snores erupting once they all lost consciousness – which everyone only slept through due to sheer exhaustion.
Steve and Bucky stared after him, then stared at each other.
“The fourth estate is protected,” Maria answered, shaking her head. “We fought long and hard to keep an intact press, after the war; we’ve got people like Osborn and Roxxon and Ross trying to shut them down.
“Pleased to meet you, Princess Nat,” he replied, letting his mouth quirk in a grin.
The papers hadn’t been difficult to memorize, and she’d laughed as she’d noticed that the quadruple-chamber design, the ducts to siphon off the plasma away from the core...it all resembled Maria’s prosthetic heart, the one she had been helping Maria with at home.
Well, that at least solved some of Tony’s concerns. They would not, after all, have to worry about how such an arrangement would work if Steve was unwilling to be involved in the first place. Tony forced all of his hurt and pain into a tight ball of iron in his gut, offering Steve a decent approximation of a grin. “Good to know. Good. I suppose that's over with, then. Friends?”
“No, no, my boy,” Obadiah scolded almost kindly, batting Tony’s hand away. “I wouldn’t do that. If you take that dagger out you’ll have nothing plugging the hole it’s made in your heart.”
She had swung herself back into the chair just as Howard's silhouette appeared in the doorway.
The effects of the new spell were not at first evident. Tony remained a swan and, until the sun set, he panicked that he had simply been cursed to remain a swan forever.
It hadn’t sounded parental at all, but that was to be expected from Howard. Nia still sometimes wondered about how, exactly, Howard had managed to become a parent, or whether he’d actually wanted a child in the first place. It instructed her to meet him in his office.
“I get your eagerness to kill Nazis,” Howard said. “I really do. But speaking as somebody who
It was not Steve. Someone was standing where Steve had been standing, sure. And Tony had been wrapped around him like he’d been wrapped around Steve. But this man was considerably less toothy and… floofy.
-Stark,” she muttered. “I'd say the same, but I can't see you at all," Nia finished, immediately regretting the attempt to be clever when her throat burned.
A partially-recessed window
“Are you okay?” Ty asked.
get assigned, as if she had merely failed to hear him.
“Yeah,” Nia agreed, and then she stopped. “Wait,” she said. “I want to help.”
“I am my parents’ only child,” Tony snapped. “You're truly mad if you think they will allow me to remain with you forever.”
“Fashionably late, Steve. Now stop stalling and get your cape.”
The clanging came from Tony, who was beating what appeared to be a large ploughshare into submission over an anvil. He had removed his waistcoat, surcoat, and belt, and so wore only his shirt and hose beneath a heavy leather apron. He had rolled his sleeves up past the elbow and let the shirt gape open at his throat in deference to what must have been the intense heat of the fire. He was dripping with sweat, his hair curling with it where he allowed it to grow almost to his shoulders, as was fashionable for the nobility; though it was tied back at the nape of his neck with a strip of ribbon. His face glowed gold in the fire, his finely-muscled body flexing visibly beneath his shirt as he drew his hammer up over his head and brought it clanging down on the cooling metal yet again.
She took it, and turned it around in her hands. “What is it?” she asked.
Weeks passed, and Steve managed successfully to avoid Tony wherever possible. Lord Stane had skulked around the castle for a long, awkward week, but he had eventually departed. In his absence, Sam had taken to reporting on the prince’s daily whereabouts and activities through his seemingly endless supply of informants in the castle and the town. Unfortunately, Tony’s activities seemed to consist mostly of flirting outrageously with every woman who came within speaking distance of him and then disappearing with some of those women, and Steve tried to convince himself that he did not care what Tony did, nor did he care who he did it with. Sam’s reports began to change from the disbelieving to the dry, then edged towards the plainly disapproving as Tony’s behavior appeared to represent his new norm.
He swallowed nervously and took her hand upon his own, and they both ignored his uncertainty. The prince brought her knuckles to his lips and kissed them obediently, then smiled down at her when he caught her softening expression.
“Yes,” Howard answered, his expression dead serious.
“He’ll be there,” Obie said, always more optimistic than Nia. “He didn’t want to pressure you, to choose engineering, To-- Nia,” Obie caught himself just in time to manage the right nickname. “But he
Tony blinked at him. “Who are you?”
Tony shrunk into himself a little, ashamed. Steve was right; he should have known. He should have asked. Why else would Steve be living at the castle? Bucky was probably an orphan too. Like Natasha. Tony was so stupid – he should have known that. He forgot sometimes that not everybody had a mother like him, and now he’d upset Steve.
“Why a swan?” Steve had to ask, at which Natasha just gestured at Tony.
Just before they reached the bottom of the staircase, Steve’s foot landed on a small pile of debris, perhaps from the crumbling walls, and his leg slipped suddenly forward. Bucky’s hand shot forward to grab him, his dagger pinched carefully between his thumb and forefinger, and stopped Steve from stumbling the last few steps down. He could not stop the echoing sound of the displaced rocks as they clattered before Steve onto the stone floor. Both men froze, going tense from head to toe as they listened intently. Just before Steve was about to raise a hand and indicate that they continue, Bucky’s fingers tightened on his shoulder and he flicked the knife to point to their left.
So Steve took a step forward and held out a hand. “Would you dance with me?”
She ran off the stage in tears, sat down on the ground as soon as she’d descended the stairs, and began to sob.
Not when Loki told him that in the wake of Tony’s disappearance, Natasha had quickly married herself off to Loki’s brother Thor, crown prince of Asgard: a far superior match.
With all eyes suddenly on him, Tony did his best to read Natasha’s mind. “I suppose, she's referring to the children’s story, about the ugly duckling.”
,” Ty muttered, and he reached for her hand, pressing her on toward their seats.
“I’ll send you horrible care packages full of stickers and stale cookies,” Nia warned, and she kissed Carol, and then Jim, on the cheek, hugged them both again, and let them get back into the car.
Bucky made a noncommittal noise but didn’t otherwise reply.
“I should be glad, I suppose,” Thor continued after a moment of awkward silence, not sounding the least bit upset. “That you did not simply break into my palace and steal the information you desire.”
“I agree,” said Thor gravely. “We should keep as much secrecy as we can muster.”
*******
“You're missing your celebration,” came Tony’s voice, and Steve jolted to his feet. “Nat was looking for you for a birthday dance.”
“Do you want me to help?” Nia asked, as she thumbed through the papers. “No one needs to know.”
“Tony!” Steve bellowed as soon as they were within visual range of the castle. “Tony!”
Nia had never seen someone shot up close before; she’d only seen shootings on film, in the news. There was less blood than she expected, just a shocked look on Nancy’s face, and then the girl collapsed, slowly.
“Can’t be sure,” Yinsen answered. “No one’s taking credit. Hydra’s the obvious answer; we’re getting too close to their central base, but...January’s people…”
, she corrected, in her head. "How long has he been here?"
The doctor ran a hand through his wild brown hair. “Yes, my lady. I will do what I can to make him comfortable. He should make a good recovery, especially now he's talking so soon. Did you hear what he had to say? Was it coherent?”
. They see me choosing a career as choosing between them.”
Tony’s brain reminds him nastily that he’s wearing a sweatshirt probably as old as Steve is, and the gag red-and-gold monster feet slippers gifted to him by Rhodey last Christmas.
“I’m sitting,” she said. Her voice came out scratchy, low, unnerving.
But, somehow, Natasha was waiting for him.
"Hm. You understand that they're going to want you to specialize?"  Howard had asked.
She stared at the yellow sheet; it made her feel as if she were a floating head, as if there were nothing below it. She bit her lip, and, out of nowhere, wondered what had happened to her blue cocktail dress.
“You can consider this your new home, Stark,” the man said in a foreign voice.
, isn’t it?”
?” Jim asked, as he slung a warm, brown arm over Nia’s shoulders, whistling low, his dark eyes dancing and bright. He had a fresh haircut, his tight, soft black curls shorn off, his cap propped cockily on his head. “You didn’t even tell them what a shit cook you are?”
“Tomorrow afternoon,” Steve agreed, directing his comment to the room at large. Natasha had a ship in port they could use, and there was little else to prepare other than their personal packs.
“I don’t go to cocktail parties,” Nia pointed out. “I have one party dress, and one, uh. One dress for funerals that I guess would be all right?”
Pepper reacted with nothing so much as incandescent relief when Steve surreptitiously drew her back into her quarters the next day just after the morning meal, and told her that he thought she was right about Tony.
Flashbulbs went off in her eyes, and, startled, she put her purse up to shield her vision from the light.
“… I figured it would be as good an introduction as any.”
“Okay, Nia,” she muttered to herself. “You can do this. Just find the door; it’s like
Nancy tossed her a salute with perfect form and the heel-click of a servicewoman, and Nia felt the tension melt out of her shoulders with relief as she hopped through the circle of journalists to join her savior.
It almost would have been easier if Steve had remained the drifting Crown ward – and yet Tony would never wish to take from him his position as Sir Alexander’s squire for anything, least of all Tony’s passing comfort.
The only thing they hadn’t done was kiss, and not for a lack of trying on Tony’s part. So sue him; Steve might not be human (although he sure got shifty about the topic when Tony brought it up, so who knows?) but he was incredibly smart, snarky, and sweet. He was suave sometimes and utterly hopeless at others, and generally very much Tony’s Type™. At this point, he was moving swiftly past concerns about the whole fur-fangs-horns thing, and getting well into ‘love is blind’ territory.
Then there had been a loud noise from outside, and the carriage had drawn to a jarring halt. After a few seconds of some sort of uneasy silence, Bucky had slipped seamlessly down from the coachman’s seat, through the door and into the main body of the carriage, where he crouched on the floor between the three frozen royals with his hand on his sword hilt. Tony’s parents had wisely kept their silence as they all strained to hear what was happening outside, beyond the shouts of their escort.
“You have my word,” said the robotic man. “After all, it would be foolishness to harm one of the world’s foremost surgeons, one of our greatest minds.”
“He is far more than a mere archer,” Natasha clipped in, suddenly conceiving that to have the renowned warrior Thor on their side would be a goal worth actively pursuing; especially if his brother were in fact involved. Thor’s brilliant grin at the mention that Clint was an archer was promising enough, but this was no time for understatement.
It was already painfully late by the time Nia fell into her bed, especially given that she'd been up before six the morning previous, and hadn't exactly slept well, being a bundle of nerves about graduation.
The words escape: “Actually, I’ll cost you one cup of coffee, gorgeous.”
“Come on,” Natasha said hurriedly in Steve’s ear as she whipped past, grabbing his arm and dragging him along behind her.
“Howard wouldn’t tell me why I’m going. He just said it’s for my own safety. Is--”
A few minutes later, Tony had in fact managed to leave the condo with monster reluctantly in tow. Granted, Steve was being extra shifty and trying to Pink-Panther his way out of the building, plastering his back against the walls and peering around corners. Tony beamed at him while he strode on down the hall and into the elevator, then from the elevator to the front door. They miraculously didn’t run into anybody until they were already out of the building, which was convenient, because Tony was pretty sure Steve would have done an immediate 180 otherwise.
But now… now his mouth was parted unashamedly as Tony’s tongue flicked up against the exquisitely sensitive underside of his lip. Steve trembled with every pass, wanting to return the gesture but feeling too unsure. His bottom lip disappeared between Tony’s, burning sharply as Tony sucked on it with little finesse, and a grinding moan finally escaped Steve’s throat. Tony groaned in response, which was almost as arousing as the way his hands both shot up and clamped around the back of Steve’s neck so he could dive into another deep kiss.
“I can do that,” the guy says with a grin.
It had been popular, she knew, in the early days postwar, to get an A-mark tattooed there, and there were still some men who had them, pale marks in white ink. But the gesture of gratitude lost popularity after the United States had been dissolved, and now it was considered quaint.
“Hi,” Nia said.
It hurt to speak; her head pounded, but everything below her neck had no feeling at all.
So it was that wedding preparations commenced apace, just a few weeks in advance, though Lord Fury argued fiercely for more speed. Lord Stane would not hear of it, and insisted that Tony be permitted to enter his care and recover in his own home. Natasha put her foot down at that – arguing that Tony had always been comfortable in her castle and that there was no reason to add the strain of the trip by sea to his harrowing experience, especially when he would only have to turn around and return for the wedding. Tony seemed not to have much of an opinion either way.
Despite everything, Steve found himself shrinking back around the corner and peering out to spy on the scene, his hand pressed over his mouth, trying to keep in a laugh. The swan was alternately pecking at Clint’s stomach, pulling at his boot, and honking at him urgently.
Thor was the first to leap to his feet and sprint out of the room, followed swiftly by Steve and Bucky while Natasha remained behind with Tony, daggers drawn. By the time the knight and his friend reached the main hall, they were greeted with the impressive sight of Thor gripping a struggling, dark-robed figure in a chokehold, while Clint was aiming an arrow at the pair from a cautious distance, and Sam was holding a tall, glowing golden scepter as far away from his person as he possibly could.
She and Natasha stared at each other for a few moments before nodding mutually: a chamberlain’s daughter and an heir to the throne, and Tony was very concerned about the pair of them reaching any sort of truce.
So Steve succumbed to the desire that had taken up a space in his chest so many years ago in this very room, and held out a hand to Tony. “Dance with me,” he challenged.
Eventually, King Odin of Asgard lost his patience with Lord Fury, and demanded that Loki be returned to face Asgardian justice. With little in the way of alternate arguments or options, Lord Fury conceded, and Loki was shipped back once more to the realm he had fled. Nobody was pleased with this development, least of all Loki himself, who protested vehemently each step of the way to the ship – and presumably the entire journey over there as well. Thor vacillated for a long while over whether or not he should leave to escort his brother, though in the end he decided to stay in Natasha’s kingdom at least until the wedding, since he was the only person they knew with any understanding of magic to help with Loki’s notes.
more often than not playing the responsible adult in their group, especially when Sam was not there to be level-headed and reasonable.
She ran a finger around the hermetic seal between the table where Steve lay and the enclosing box itself. “Where’s the…ah!”
“Tony,” the guy repeated, sounding a little more urgent.
"She deserves to know," Maria had fired back, and Nia had heard the anger in her voice-- the passionate, burning tone that Maria used when she was fiercely angry.
Bucky had taken the news so quietly that it had frightened them all.
, dusting some powder on her face and some deep, smoky shadow on her eyes. She could never figure out which lipstick was right for her skin tone; all of Carol’s were too light and too pink on her, so she put on a coating of lip gloss and called it a day, looking in the mirror and deciding that the end result was not unsatisfactory.
The air around them hummed with anticipation as each prepared for the imminent assault.
Loki was interrogated ferociously by everyone from Lord Fury to the unassuming but somehow quite frightening chamberlain, Coulson, who came the closest to cracking the disgraced prince. From him they learned the key to deciphering the code of the journals they had retrieved from the back room at the castle where Tony had been kept, the one Natasha had broken into, and the notes were set upon rabidly by everyone who could read, seeking any information about what had been done to Tony.
Howard took advantage of his newfound status to return to his notorious reputation as a womanizer, though Nia had never seen him bring another woman home, had never met a girlfriend, was fairly certain that it was all for show, because her father seemed to spend more and more time in the lab, working on his designs, presenting new weapons to the UNITY Council, making political speeches, and building new inventions. Nia barely saw her father, and when she did, it was either in the middle of a press conference, with strangers holding a microphone up to his mouth and calling him “Mr. Secretary,” or he was staggering drunk into her room and watching her, while he thought she was asleep, ambling over to her bed and whispering goodnight, pulling the covers up a little higher around her neck.
“Do we want to take that with us?” Steve looked apprehensively at the scepter in Sam’s outstretched hand.
Howard had raised an eyebrow at her. “Everything?”
Or, at least, that was the official line she extended to reject the incoming offers, not to mention help fend off Lord Fury’s concerns.
“Mr. Stane,” said Dr. Yinsen. “With all due respect, we don’t know how many civilians are on their base; we need more intelligence before we--”
Steve was very careful not to be alone with Tony whenever possible, knowing that there was safety for him in the group. He had no proof that Tony shared his dangerous affliction, but Tony appeared to share Steve’s aversion to being left alone together, despite the clear joy he took in Steve’s company when they were with their friends.
She turned around.
That suited his purposes just fine, so he allowed it to pass despite Natasha and Pepper’s increasingly disapproving looks towards them both, over the months of their visit.
“I can't marry James,” Natasha said finally, looking over at the boy in question. She had always insisted on using Bucky’s proper name, claiming that his nickname was ridiculous – of course, in doing so she had made ‘James’ her own personal endearment, but nobody ever dared to point this out.  “I am a princess. He is a…”
"Til the final reckoning," Jim had joked, when she'd confided this to him. "We're good, Nee. You know we’ll be friends even when me and Carol are in the air, right?”
“We simply wish to know if it is possible that your brother performed this attack, considering the fact that he's supposed to be imprisoned, currently, several furlongs beneath our feet,” Natasha said quietly, though firmly.
Tony was very clever – extremely clever, and he enjoyed talking to Steve about what he was doing as much as Steve enjoyed hearing about it. Tony taught him more advanced mathematics than Peggy ever had, probably more advanced than even Peggy knew. Tony encouraged him to read, and helped him with more difficult words in the adult books Steve stubbornly insisted on choosing, despite the fact that he was, at best, a remedial reader. He was not a page, so reading had never been considered a high priority for his boyhood education. Tony clearly disagreed.
“Costume contest, of course,” Tony informed him, holding on even tighter to Steve’s waist and neck like a demented sloth. “You’ll definitely win Best Monster.”
“Say it,” he insisted. “Say you love me, Rogers.”
“Yes, Sir Alexander.”
Howard laughed, a hollow, sad laugh, that put Nia at unease.
of something we do not know of.”
Bucky hollered with delight and jumped out of his slump to grab Natasha. He began twirling her joyously around the rug and, despite himself, Steve smiled as he watched them.
Steve shook his head briefly. “They may have been for you, Tony.”
“We’ve been trying to wake him up,” Maria answered.
He called up for Sam to remain in place for the moment, and continued on through the trees at a steep decline. The path of the carriage was not hard to follow, considering the amount of destruction it had caused, not to mention the fragments of what had once been its expensive adornments which now lay scattered all over the ground.  The rain continued to sheet down against Steve’s face, even as he had to brace his shoulder against a nearby tree to take a deep breath, trying to still the quivering in his hands by clenching them into painful fists.
Tony pressed his fists to his forehead for a brief moment, then dropped them to his lap. “It doesn't mean everything, Steve. … Love means something, too. To me.” It was Steve’s turn to stare in shock, while Tony visibly struggled to keep talking. “Does it not mean anything to you?”
Steve twitched in his direction, then reconsidered. Then he decided that Tony could hit him if he really wanted to, but Steve wasn’t going to let anyone scare him away for any reason. He walked over, bent down, and grabbed a handful of pegs from the basket, holding them in his cupped hands so that Tony had easier access. Tony was staring at him again. And Steve gazed back, realizing that he was not really afraid that Tony would hit him, because Tony would never do something like that.
“We can take you home as a swan,” she countered. “We just have to get you back. We have Loki’s notes. We can solve this. The wedding is in two days, and I don’t have any objections to marrying you even in a swan’s body, just as long as it’s really you.”
“Search him for weapons,” Fury interrupted, as the castle staff did their best to safely evacuate the bewildered guests from the hall.
Nia swallowed. “What?” she asked. Her voice was too quiet, her heart was beating too quickly, her breath was too shallow. “What was the project?”
After a moment of waiting, Bucky threw a shoe at Tony, which hit him on the backside and made him jolt around in surprise. He noticed Sam and Steve almost immediately, and politely nodded his head at Sam’s bow, then at Steve (who gave the tiniest motion that could possibly, generously be called a bow). Natasha scowled at him, and even Sam gave him a bit of an arch look.
“You’re finding that before we leave,” she murmured.
he’s just the weirdo neighbor in an ancient sweatshirt and ridiculous slippers, and god, he’d forgotten how much he hates it when people’s disappointment finally appears. When they notice that he’s actually just a dull, dorky man not at all as advertised by the magazines, and not something they’re ever likely to come back to. It’s so much easier to just duck out before it gets to that point.
“Tony, I love you. I do. I’ve loved you for years, so much it frightened me, and I’m sorry for letting it scare me away. You’re so brave, Tony, so kind and generous and I love you so much. If I could, I would marry you a hundred times, I would stay with you for the rest of my life if you wanted me. Please Tony, please don’t leave me. I love you, please.”
Steve huffed at him, but swatted reluctantly at Thor’s arm until he was released. “I can’t just
Natasha’s lips pressed into a thin line, while Clint was puffing up with anger and indignation at her side. After a moment, she cocked her head at Thor. “And yet he has asked no concessions of me. Why this extended silence?”
The scream gave Nia just enough time to whirl around, to keep the man behind her from clapping a cloth-- that stank of chloroform-- over her mouth and nose.  He was dressed in green, a sickly, poisonous green.
“So, spring traps,” Sam translated from Clint’s other side. “Perfect.”
A long while later, after at least a few hours of solitude, Steve’s time of seeking shelter in the drawing room ended abruptly when the door swung open and someone stepped in, shutting the door firmly behind them. Steve did not look up over the back of the chaise at the entrant, assuming it was either Bucky or Sam come to pester him.
“Wake up,” said another voice, one she couldn’t quite place, and now, she slowly returned to consciousness, her eyes still shuttered.
“… Someone must have told Loki we were coming,” Natasha finished with a faint snarl in her voice. “Only a handful of people knew of our destination, and it took us less than a day to reach it. Which means there is a traitor in my household.”
He was wearing an embroidered red shirt over plain brown breeches, a strangely common item of clothing for a prince. The sleeves of the shirt were rolled up to expose his forearms, and it was open to the chest as though he had gotten bored half-way through buttoning it. He was tall, much taller than Steve, and beginning to fill out with muscle at the age of sixteen. His hair was still short in a boyish style, but long enough in places that Steve could tell it would curl if allowed.
Steve’s eyes flashed open to glare weakly at the other man. “Of course it is. Even if he were not a prince, and not a man, for him to be married and for us to… I can't.”
She coughed and attempted to keep her eyes politely fixed above the hips, but it was a losing battle. She tried to focus on his face instead. He had a square jaw, high cheekbones, a strong, straight nose-- she knew that; she knew all that already. She'd seen his face a thousand times, on posters and in old newsreels, in her father's private photo collection.
He hated being the only one with no actual use around the castle.
“It’s a cute butt,” Jim informed Carol, giving the butt in question a squeeze. Carol wriggled her nose back at him and took a swig of her beer.
Nia gave him a pained look. “No,” she replied.
Everyone at the table stayed very still and very silent for a moment. Bucky, for his part, was turning a fetching shade of dusky pink on the apples of his cheeks, and even Natasha looked a little flushed. Sam looked more amused than anything else, clearly waiting to see how this played out.
He wanted to run from the room, but he was deeply rooted and simply frozen on the chaise, with the heraldry book open on his lap. It surely would hurt nobody but him if he were to simply enjoy Tony as he was now. Tony shone like the rising sun, red and gold and bright, and though it was painful, Steve could hardly tear his eyes away.
Steve felt sick. Even just looking at the carriage… it must have tumbled down the decline, spinning and flipping before it finally landed in this place, wedged up against a large tree it had not had the force to dislodge. With numb legs he continued forward, approaching the carriage and watching his hand shake as it reached out to pin the door open against the side panel.
Tony finished saying goodbye to Sam and came to stand in front of Steve. He was standing very close, and Steve only just came up to his shoulder, so he had to crane his head back to look up at the older boy.
Tony laughed, then cleared his throat. Probably bad to laugh at the—absolutely enormous—guy trespassing in your house.
But hot damn he did a fine job.
The audience was still quiet.
She shook her head. “No,” she answered. “I had to sneak out. But I figured, military always ships out the day after assignments, so--”  she shrugged.
Steve shrugged helplessly. “Perhaps it's the partner?”
“I may choose whichever squires I wish, and as many as I can provide for,” Sir Alexander said, a little snappily, and Steve wisely shut his mouth. Then the older man’s face softened, growing contemplative and satisfied. “I think you will make an excellent knight, one day, Steven. An excellent addition to my garrison.”
He grimaced, wishing distantly she wasn’t so clever. “It doesn't matter now. I missed you, and I will never do that again. I shall be here every summer, I promise you.”
Tony woke up abruptly in the dark.
Tony was a prince, and Steve was nothing, and he suddenly knew how Bucky felt.
The day of the wedding dawned unseasonably cold but otherwise unremarkable. As was tradition for the royal family, the ceremony was not to take place until after the sun had set, which left them with many long hours to spend in preparation and worry. Steve eventually had to be sent down to the kitchens to help with preparations for the feast, because his restlessness was not only beginning to grate on the others’ nerves, but threatened to give away that they knew something was wrong.
was seated, rather than to Natasha. Tony barely jumped to his feet in time before he was being crushed against Bucky’s strong chest and pounded on the back.
He had walked over to the desk and looked frustratedly at the papers strewn about, before giving up and taking his seat.
Steve shivered a little, and Tony could see his dog-like nose twitch slightly as he sifted the scents in the air. His eyes were closed, his mouth soft, and Tony wondered abruptly if he should offer him a hug.
Her knee hit something solid first-- banged it, so it made a clanging sound, and the cold metallic surface of whatever she’d bumped left her with a smarting pain in her knee. She reached out with her hands, felt a smooth surface-- something plastic and dome-shaped, it seemed, with small divots puncturing the plastic at intervals. She kept one hand on the top of the dome as she edged around it, gingerly. The dome, too, was ice-cold. She wondered what, what her parents must be keeping in there; it seemed like it must be some kind of refrigeration unit, something that had to be stored at below-freezing temperatures.
“It may be that it never heals completely, Your Highness,” Clint said seriously from Natasha’s side. “But you must also be certain that the wound doesn't weaken you, nor fester and poison your blood.”
“But...you could have given money to him,” Nia said. “He had a hole in his shirt; he--”
Glee and a sort of vindictive thrill carried him back to his room. But as he lay in bed he found that sleep still would not find him. Something sick dragged at his belly, and a dawning sense of horror started to rise in him as the sun peeked over the horizon. He said nothing to Sam when they rose a little while later, nor to Bucky, but insisted that he accompany Sam to the mews that morning after their breakfast. Sam—who knew that Steve pretty much hated birds, with their sharp little feet and loud squawking—was duly suspicious, as Steve usually found any excuse not to be anywhere near them, but did not refuse the offer of assistance.
“Don’t you want me to stay?” Steve asked, his voice and face inscrutable.
. But then he would remember that Loki could not be trusted – no, he was almost laughably untrustworthy, and Tony could not give in for fear of what would happen to those he loved if he did.
“As you say,” Pepper said into the brief, lost silence. She glanced down at her plate, then up at Tony sitting across from her with a little smile. “I find I am quite tired this evening. I think I will retire early, if it does not displease you, Princess.”
Natasha stared at him. “What is wrong with him?”
Giving him a curious frown, Thor eventually nodded. “Yes, that is possible. But very difficult, unless you have sufficient expertise. Which,” he admitted after a moment. “My brother may very well possess.”
Tony’s eyes were open, a little dazed, but they were open – and they were sparkling at Steve, dancing with joy. He was obviously still feeling weak, probably in still in great pain. He was filthy, and covered in blood, and soaking wet – and Steve should get him out of the water, and the wind, just as soon as he heard what Tony had said.
Tony’s eyes grew very soft and warm, and Steve began to wonder, yet again, if it really would be so wrong to give in to this.
So, had Tony known that it was him earlier and was trying to see what he was up to? What could Steve possibly have been doing other than trying to help?
Steve stared at the screen for a moment in disbelief. Then suddenly a Vulcan salute overtook the screen. Steve looked at the emoji and let his head fall back in relief.
Rubbing the sleep out of his eyes, Steve opened his laptop and continued to sift through the files that Nat had sent him. Again. He’d only been through them about a dozen times before he got a whopping two hours of sleep. Tiberius Stone... This guy had been stalking Tony for about a month, and of course, he’d told no one. Tony always threw himself on the proverbial, or sometimes actual, wire with no regard for himself in order to protect everyone else. Which was only one of the reasons that Steve was drawn to him in the first place.
Tony nodded at him shakily as his breathing evened out.
“I am the picture of innocence,” Steve batted his eyelashes.
“Fuck,” he heard Tony curse softly.
“Steve, Tony will be fine. He has you. More importantly, you have him.”
He thought through his options for a minute before ultimately deciding to print it out and put it inside of an envelope.
“I know, I know that. I just get so mad at myself, at him. Seeing him just makes me feel like I’m that stupid kid again... like I’m small and worthless. He knows how to get under my skin almost as well as my father did, really. He knows which scabs to pick to cause the most damage. And even though I know all of this logically, I still can’t control my reaction and I fucking hate this.”
“I’m sorry, sir,” JARVIS intones. “You did not specify such an order. You told me to lock the access of the elevator but the Captain used the fire exits.”
, he disappeared after a weapons demonstration in Afghanistan. The world thought he was kidnapped by insurgents, but strange things popped up, here and there. And then the FBI learned where Stark went.
He very much would.
“No,” says Steve stubbornly. “I know what I smelt, and it was you. Tony...you’re my mate.” There was a note of wonder and reverence in his voice. “But, I thought you were a beta.”
“I was born an omega,” Tony says quietly, but no doubt the super soldier can hear it. “Howard didn’t like it. Just before I presented before puberty, he took me to a vacation, he called it.” The acid in his voice can melt the door. “But it was for surgery. I was injected everyday with this cocktail of medication to change my hormones, then I had surgery to change everything down there. My opening was stitched closed I came back to my mother a beta. So, please, dear Captain, please forgive me for panicking out of my mind!”
“Well, the guy who just married a genius billionaire philanthropist would beg to differ,” Steve says, grabbing a bottle of shampoo and massaging Tony’s scalp.
“You just want to scent me again,” Tony accuses.
“I love you.”
Tony dresses but studiously ignores anything down below and just hikes his boxers up. There’s still work to do, that weird little girl with the witchy powers and her brother, Flash. Maybe with the Mind Stone in their possession, he can make everyone helmets that can disrupt her mind altering powers.
“Hmmm…” says Steve before looking at him in the eye. “I hoped you would say that.” His expression is affectionate with a shot of dark desire that makes Tony swallow in anticipation.
Bruce collapses on the chair by Tony again, and Tony stares at him, fearing the worst. This was it, wasn’t it. He’s going to die. But...there was a lot of things he hasn’t done yet! Hasn’t even...told him anything yet, never got the chance to ask him for a coffee or anything like that and see where it took them. He was finally going to be brave.
Steve
Tony pulls one of the screens closer to him, and sees a small note in the corner.
He remembers what happened at Johannesburg. With the Hulk and the Hulkbuster. And millions of dollars worth of destruction. And lives taken and hurt.
There was a chair a few feet away and Steve dragged it with him, sitting in front of Stark, far away enough for his sanity.
“I’m late!” Steve shouted from the other room. “And on my first day!”
It was like Steve’s lips were made for kissing. Soft, warm, moist but not grossly so. Steve has said that Tony has more kissable lips but he would beg to disagree.
Without warning, Steve reaches up again, bestows a drugging kiss and curls hot fingers around Tony’s straining cock. It feels heavenly, the grip tight but sure and Tony moans into the kiss.
Tony’s nose flares; he wants to snap at them but can understand how exciting this is from a scientific view. However, it is his body that was just willy nilly used as a guinea pig—sure it saved his life, but there’s ethics and shit!
Tony has kissed a few more others than Steve. More than he cares to count or remember. But Steve kisses will always rank the best.
“Fury, darling, you shouldn’t have!” Stark drawled, but his eyes were fixed on Agent Rogers. Fury heard the hitch in Rogers’ breath but his stance was ramrod straight, eyes narrowed in slits.
And Tony understands, knows about Steve growing up skinny and sickly. How he never thought he’d be this strong, and it was a fantasy of his to be able to carry his bride to the threshold. Well, it was more groom in the end but the sentiment was the same and the giddy happiness he showed at being able to do that made Tony’s heart swell.
Tony nods. “Makes sense,” he says, then vomits on the floor.
and Steve hated him more than ever as his dick made an interested twitch in his pants.
“Unfortunately,” the word sounded as if it was forcibly pulled from him. There were veins in his neck and forehead that threatened to pop. “I was part of his security convoy when he was in Afghanistan.”
He tries to sit up, but his body protests strongly, the pain making itself known in places it didn’t hurt before. Whatever they had him on, he needed another dose stat.
Fury had a file on the bastard an inch thick of his known crimes but he knew the reality was much longer.
Steve’s mind snapped back to attention when his eyes caught sight of Stone. His stride quickened as he tried to shorten the distance between himself and Tony and make his presence known and felt. He could feel Stone’s eyes on him as their paths crossed. Steve turned his head and gave him a penetrating look that screamed ‘try me’. Stone’s steps faltered as his eyes met Steve’s, he tore his gaze away, and quickly turned to walk in the opposite direction.
mess and I want to see everything. I want you to share it with me, to give all of yourself to me. Can—can you do that? I don’t want you to be anything other than yourself, but going forward we have to… we have to talk, we have to communicate. And honey? We’re both fucking terrible at the whole words passing back and forth in a meaningful, productive manner. We have to do better, but I think… I
“You know, you kind of are right now, but I know what really lies beneath that angelic exterior.”
“Nat! I’m not—okay yes, I am following Tony, but someone ELSE is also following him.”
“No, I mean—yes. The beard is the most exquisite frame for my favorite masterpiece. I’m talking about your face.”
“Anyway, I don’t want to go into too much detail here. But it was really really bad, Steve. He was manipulative, and verbally abusive, and he gaslit the hell out of me in every imaginable way. I tried to break up with him a couple of times and each time he convinced me that no one else would ever want me and that my life would be hell without him. God, I was so dumb.”
“Takes one to know one. Do we have any information on why Stone is doing this? Other than being a grade-A creep?”
lose?”
Steve swallowed hard, mouth turning into a grimace. “I know who he is.”
Steve exhales slowly, frustrated with himself.
“Unfortunately, I can’t say the same. If you’ll excuse us, I need to give my favorite philanthropist a helping hand, if you know what I mean, away from the trash. Have an awful evening!”
“How do you know about that?” Stone bit out as his demeanor changed from smugness to bitter anger.
Steve’s stomach plummeted. He willed himself to look Tony in the eyes as he softly exhaled, “I’m so sorry.”
“So you pulled out the fancy stuff, huh?”
Steve tried to collect himself as he leaned back in the driver's seat, a hand on the steering wheel. Tony came flying out of the hardware store, his arms absolutely full of shopping bags. It would look almost comical if it weren’t for the haunted look on Tony’s face.
“...maybe,” Steve hedged.
“Oh. Shit. Do you know who it is?”
The phone didn’t even fully ring once before he got an answer.
“Nat, I can’t—you didn’t see him. This person has to be after him and Tony knows it. If you had seen him, he looked—God, I can’t let anything happen to him,” Steve said full of raw emotion that he rarely verbalized.
“Oh Steve, really getting to be with you, with or sans beard, is better than anything even my brain could have concocted.”
Steve woke up from a nightmare for the umpteenth night in a row. He wondered if Tony still had nightmares, wondered if he had become the subject of them at some point. Shaking his head to himself, he walked to the bathroom and splashed some water on his face to try and help clear his head.
Steve let go of Stone and moved to walk in the same direction as Tony and found him standing there wearing a look of shock at the end of the hallway. Steve gave him a nervous nod and Tony motioned for him to follow him out the way Steve had entered the building.
Tony mouthed “
“Yeah, you heard that one before? It sounds nice, doesn’t it?”
A million emotions seemed to flicker over Tony’s face in the span of a few seconds and Steve just stood there, trying to interpret every thought going through the other man’s head.
The sun had started to set, and Steve’s thoughts wandered as he tailed Tony from a, hopefully, safe distance. After several odd turns and changes in course, Steve noticed that the car that had cut him off was still in front of him. That was... weird. Alarming, actually. There was no way that someone could have followed Tony in this strange trajectory, for almost half an hour and not be up to something.
It was almost pitch black outside now, the sun having long since dipped beneath the horizon. Steve was just about to organize his thoughts when he saw Tony drive onto the shoulder of the road and come to a very abrupt stop. The car in front of him drove past Tony but came to a stop not too far ahead. Steve followed after them and slammed on his brakes, jumping out of the car into a full run to get to the mystery driver before they could get anywhere near Tony.
“Okay.”
“I think I could survive anything as long as you were by my side.”
“Do you even know how many panic attacks you’ve talked me down from? I learned from the best.”
“Mr. Stone, was it?” Steve said cooly.
His earpiece chirped and he pressed a shaking hand to it for the incoming message.
But Steve had never had any qualms about doing what he needed for the people most important to him. ‘Be gay, do crime’ as the kids say these days. Steve invented that shit. Laws were never anything more than a suggestion to him, so why should being an international war criminal stop him from doing what he needed to do? Well, what he
where he was. He hadn’t been at either SI location for almost a week, there had been no press conferences, not a single paparazzi photo, and most tellingly, there had been no Iron Man sightings.
Steve pulled a seat up to sit directly in front of Tony and grabbed both of his hands, holding them firmly, “Do you want to talk about it?”
“Yeah, I got that.”
“A hellion?” Steve chuckled.
“Tony, you were fourteen years old, and none of that was your fault.”
“Don’t. You. Dare. I am a weary traveler, deprived of sleep, sustenance, and most importantly—
“Well, isn’t having the real thing better?”
Steve smirked despite himself, “Feel free to drink water instead.”
“This is a good look on you, Steve,” Tony said a little wistfully.
“And I want to know. But I want to be able to yell at your dumb face in person if it’s not the things that I’m stupidly and wildly optimistically hoping to hear.”
“I wouldn’t.”
“Fuck,” Steve breathed out as he fumbled his phone back into his pocket and hastily retreated to his car.
“I don’t know why he’d want that.”
“So is this your attempt at wooing?” Tony motioned at the breakfast laid out on the table.
This car was also tailing Tony. What the fuck was happening? Steve shoved his earpiece in and tapped twice.
The call ended and Steve fell back against his pillows, probably wearing the world’s most dopey smile -but he didn’t give a single fuck. Tony was coming here, to his apartment, to talk to him. He didn’t know what to do with himself, he felt too excited to sleep but knew that if he didn’t he’d be running on less than 10 hours of sleep in the past week and that was too little, even for a supersoldier.
Steve looked down at Tony curled against his side and ran his free hand through his hair. Tony made a happy humming noise and opened his eyes. Looking back into those warm brown eyes that held Steve’s entire world, he smiled sweetly and spoke so softly it was almost a whisper, “I love you.”
“Of course not, you’re a mere Special Agent. Only the upper echelons of crime and this agency have heard of it.” Stark took a deep breath before continuing. “It’s a list of the most dangerous criminals on this planet, more dangerous than I am. They are names not a lot of other people have heard of, and they remain that way. Until now.
“No, Tony, please don’t tell me…”
“Tony! Let us in! What’s wrong?” Bruce yells from the other side of the bathroom door, jiggling the knob.
“No,” Steve admonishes gently and tightens his grip on the base of Tony’s cock, staving off the impending orgasm. “You’re still quite tight.” He drizzles more lube on his fingers and a third one joins in.
“FRIDAY, fill up the tub, will you?” Steve asks. He rolls out of bed, and with a movement of those ridiculous shoulders, carries Tony in his arms. Again. For the second time that night and heads for the bathroom.
“Married well,” Tony says softly, happily.
“What’s happened to me, Doc?” Tony groans, lying back down. If Bruce is here, it means the Hulk was subdued.
“Oh god, baby, you take me in so good,” he babbles breathlessly.
“Have you heard of the Blacklist?”
Because with his kisses, he can feel how much Steve loves him, adores him, respects him.
“We had to take drastic action,” Bruce whispers. “Remember that nanite project you and I were working on?”
“Fuck you, Banner! Leave me the fuck alone!” Tony screams back. He thumps his head against the door and contemplates the likelihood of him drowning in the small sink.
Fury took a look at him, and grinned internally. He suddenly knew Stark’s game.
Tony sank to the seal on his knees, hands behind his head. He looked up at the camera closest to him with a smirk.
“For a genius, you’re dumb,” Steve says lightly. “I just told you, you’re my friend. I hang out with you, we share pizza late at night, you let me draw in your lab, and I taught Butterfingers how to throw a ball.”
“What—the—Steve! Let me go!” It’s no use, it’s like struggling against a brick wall.
“Bruce, whatever you’re thinking, that this is your fault, can it,” Tony says with a tone of finality. “Everyone was mind-whammied, and the Hulk hasn’t really learned the finer points of control.”
Steve stops his babbling by putting a hand across his mouth. Tony glares at him and contemplates licking his hand but it might enflame him. Steve’s smile is incandescent.
But Captain Thick Brick didn’t take the hints and Tony accepted to himself that he wasn’t interested. So he befriended him, hanging out, having Steve draw in the couch while he worked on something in the lab.
Steve winces. “Sorry.”
As soon as he stepped out, several black unmarked SUVs came to the door, surrounding his car, their sirens wailing.
Tony breathed in deep, and didn’t reply. So many memories and regrets he left behind were coming to the surface and he shoved them down harshly. He picked up his briefcase and straightened his jacket. He was
“Office, as usual,” Jan shrugged, taking a sip of her brew. “I don’t have to be in until eleven anyway.”
Steve sucks around Tony’s cock as he pushes his finger in, spreading slick around as another finger makes it ways in. He scissors inside Tony, keeping up with the movements of his mouth and encouraging Tony to rock up and seek his pleasure.
On the wall where there was a notice of the latest FBI top ten most wanted list was his name:
Steve stood his ground, his knuckles on his travel mug turning white as he gripped it tightly.
“This is—this is more than we ever expected from the project,” Bruce babbles, his face flush with excitement. Tony scowls at him, but he cannot be deterred. “We were only hoping for something like enhanced healing in battle but for you to regress, this is amazing!”
Tony stared at the ugly, grey building, the brim of his hat tipping up.
“Why yes,” said Stark. “Full immunity is one of my conditions for giving up this list. My lawyer is with the DA as we speak, hammering out terms.” Stark hummed. “Who do you have to blow to get a drink here? I am simply parched.” He said that last line looking at Steve in the most sultry manner possible.
. It starts off slow, getting Tony used to the girth, then when Steve can feel Tony’s tight channel relaxing, starts pistoning in a hard, fast rhythm that Tony had to grab their headboard for purchase.
But Steve is not done, keeping up his motions until Tony is a sobbing, overstimulated mess, and Steve comes inside with a shudder and a moan. His breathing is ragged and Tony feels a small measure of pride that he can reduce the super soldier into pants. Steve puts down Tony’s legs on the bed, pulls out with a small hiss, and removes the pillows from underneath Tony. He collapses beside him on the bed and gathers him back in his arms.
“Goddamit, what were Bruce and Dr Cho thinking giving you nanites?” Steve demands, and there is anger in his voice.
“My omega,” he growls at Tony. “You smell like my omega.”
“How are you, Steve?” Stark started but Steve was having none of it.
Steve smiles at him slightly before reaching for the drawer and pulling out their favourite lube. One that remained slick for ages and didn’t smell of anything. Tony moves to roll onto his stomach but Steve stops him by laying a hand on his stomach.
“I want to see you.”
She stood in front of Steve and he immediately moved to cover Jan behind him.
Steve lets go of his cock with a pop then licks up the side and takes him in again, his head bobbing up and down while his fingers thrust in and out of Tony’s slick hole. Steve slings one of Tony’s legs over his shoulder, which changes the angle of his fingers, going in more until they find his prostate.
Tony squeezed his hand one more time before stepping into the building, going up to the guards stationed near the entrance. He passed his passport over to the guard behind the bulletproof glass.
“I will Hulk out and break down this damn door if I have to, Tony!” Bruce threatens.
Stark smiled at him. “Incorrect, though I know why you would say that.” His voice turned mournful. “I didn’t think you would believe anything I said, but this is my truth: I am tired, I want to get out of the business. I had fun, I did what I wanted to do, but it is time for me to disappear. I can’t do that when these people are still roaming the world. Can’t have it on my conscience. I was thinking living out the rest of my days somewhere warm with a gorgeous blond. What do you think of the Seychelles? I want to own a hotel and operate it myself.”
“Steve,” Tony pleads, “I
Immediately, Tony cuddles close, seeking Steve’s warmth and tipping his face up for his customary goodnight kiss.
Tony pokes his husband. “It’s your fault, this barbaric insistence of yours to carry me
Steve grins at him lazily, bringing up Tony’s hand to his mouth and presses a soft kiss to his knuckles. Tony certainly does not melt into a puddle of goo. Good lord, this man is determined to kill him. The nanites might not be enough next time to revive him.
“One thing at a time, baby doll,” he says soothingly. “Coffee can wait, as long as I do get one.” His voices turns awestruck again. “And you, you’re my scent-mate.” The happiness of him is coming in waves. He looks like he dearly wanted to scent Tony again but desists.
Steve stared at him, as if he couldn’t believe the audacity of talking about his retirement like this. Conscience? He had one of those? As if he didn’t hurt Steve the way he did ten years ago.
“Wow,” Tony mumbles sleepily.
“Piss off!”
“Wow,” Steve echoes, stroking his sweaty hair away. “We need to clean up.”
“In me now,” Tony commands.
Fury just stared at him and waved a hand. It wasn’t like there were no audio and video surveillance anywhere. The glass cage started to retract from Stark, and Fury nodded sharply to Maria and they left the room, with Rogers standing in the middle, in front of Stark, who seemed to know him rather intimately if his tone was to go by, and who would only talk to him.
Also known as Red.
Jan was there already, filling out his travel mug and pouring another one for herself.
“Steve!” Bruce says, alarmed.
Tony doesn’t answer, and forces himself up. The pain is no longer evident, and he can move freely. With that realisation, he grits his teeth.
“You were seriously injured,” Bruce explains, avoiding his eye. Tony can sense the guilt coming off in waves from the other scientist.
He turned to his best friend, a brittle smile on his lips. “I know you don’t approve, but I am tired, my darling. It’s time for me to retire.”
“Steve. I’ve been flirting with you for six months. You didn’t notice,” Tony deadpans.
————-
Steve cracked his eyes open, staring blearily at the alarm clock. Jan was curled up on his chest, still deeply asleep. He focused on the red numbers, and jumped, jolting her awake.
“Not until I get some answers,” he growled.
Without further ado, Steve hauls him in his arms, and Tony would demand to be put down if he isn’t so aroused himself. He’s never had a partner who was able to do this before and he kind of relishes the feeling of being the one taken care of. For once.
“There’s been a development, Agent Rogers,” Hill said shortly. “Your department has been informed of your...need...to be at our branch today. Executive Assistant Director Coulson is handing you over to our branch for the time being.” She turned around as Steve’s face hardened, prompting no further questions.
Then Steve had to scent him and declare him his omega.
Steve lowers Tony in the bath and Tony practically melts, the water a perfect temperature and soothing his sore muscles.
“Cut the bullshit Stark,” Steve cut in. “I know you. These are names that are competition for you, and you want us to take care of them so you are free to do more.”
Fuck. Tony tries to wriggle away from Bruce but Bruce keeps him where he is. Tony can easily overpower him in his younger body but relishes the warmth his friend emanates. As a—fellow—omega, Bruce understood, and his instincts are screaming that a friend is in trouble and in need of soothing.
Steve likes to start with a gentle kiss. One that makes Tony’s toes curl in his shoes and catch his breath.
“You calling me a slut?”
“Well, didn’t you know that Howard knew one of the psychos who did that crap,” Tony’s voice was dangerously low, a tremble and a hitch at points.
He knew that Stark was the heir to a weapons manufacturing company which made ammo and guns for the military. Then ten years ago, just as he was starting to turn around the company and making
“Yeah.”
“Breathe, my love,” Steve murmurs, and pushes in at Tony’s exhale.
Steve raises his head up, his normally blue eyes tinged Alpha red.
“Nuh uh,” Tony disagrees, looking up at him. There is something in his eyes, a slight vulnerability that Steve realises only he gets to see, in rare moments like this. When he isn’t Iron Man, or Tony Stark, but just Tony, Steve’s husband. “I still think that I must have been good in a former life to have you in this.”
“I love you too, Tony,” Steve replies, pulling him in close. “Always.”
“Why should you? I’m barely your teammate. I’m just a consultant.”
“I thought it was a thing you did,” Steve explains, shamefaced. “You seem to lay it on to whoever you had in front of you.”
There is nothing more heard that gasps and groans, slick flesh slapping against each other in a fierce tempo as old as mankind.
Tony screams and grips Steve’s hair hard enough to hurt if the soldier didn’t have such a high pain tolerance.
“You asked, Stark, I deliver as per our deal,” Fury answered.
Bruce bit his lip before saying, “I know that. The team has told me that. But still…” he sighed. “You were in a bad shape, Tony.” He takes his glasses off, rubs his eyes before continuing. “Helen and I—even the cradle wasn’t working fast enough to prevent complete organ shutdown with the damage you took!”
“So, after we catch all of these people on your so-called Blacklist you think we’ll let you go?” Steve said incredulously.
Steve takes the elevator out of the workshop and Tony could hear his bots chirping madly in the back while FRIDAY pipes up with a, “Have fun, boss!” Tony buries his face on Steve’s shoulder and groans, “It’s like my kids are rooting for me to have sex!”
Jan huffed. “I will be fine. I’m more worried about you.”
“Director Fury,” Rogers said, and there was a hint of a growl in there.
“I’m sorry for all the cloak and dagger, Agent Rogers,” he said, shaking Rogers’ hand. “However, time was of the essence.”
“Howard had an omega son. He turned him into a beta—the best they could do at that time. He...he stitched me up, put an implant in me so I emitted beta pheromones...he took away my—my parts—“ Tony can no longer continue and as he is about to sink to the floor again in tears, Bruce catches him, holds him tight and he can feel the sobs wracking Bruce’s body as well as his own.
Stark hadn’t changed much. A few wrinkles here and there, mostly on the corners of his eyes. His trademark goatee was still intact. But he looked quite healthy, and stronger. The Stark Steve remembered was svelte, but with hidden strength. This Tony was bulkier, but he was still not as big as Steve.
Rhodey chuckled low. “I believe you, Tones.”
“Antonio Stark,” he said. “I wish to see Nicholas Fury. I assure you he would like to speak to me.”
He went from one of the most respected army contractors, to one of the most wanted men in the world. Interpol had a similar file on him.
He heard the beep of the computer and the sirens came in quick succession. Agents swarmed the lobby, all guns pointing at him, and a few more with rifles appeared from the second floor terrace.
“No, it’s—I’ve been meaning to ask you for a while now,” Steve confides. “But you’re—you’ve been with a few people who are smoother than I am and I didn’t know where to start.”
“Any plans for the day?” Steve asked, pecking her cheek in thanks.
Tony gets up fiercely—his joints no longer creak—and opens the door.
Steve, in answer, trails kisses down Tony’s throat, nibbling at a shoulder, trailing lower and catching a pebbled nipple between his teeth. His fingers were like a brand on Tony’s skin as they caressed each spot they could reach. Steve kisses Tony’s abs, hips, and sucking a deep purple hickey on an inner thigh that would have Tony hiss in pain but he was too far gone in pleasure to make a noise different to a moan.
“No need to be that way,” Stark said huffily. “I was only making conversation.”
A knock came on his door, and Hill came in with a tall blond man. His blue eyes landed on Fury and he snapped to attention.
“My handsome prince,” Tony agrees, a touch possessive.
Shit.
“Tony, I am so sorry, Tony, I didn’t know, forgive me,” Bruce repeats over and over, pressing Tony’s face into his shoulder.
“Yes, sir.”
Bruce sighs, leans his head on the door, and pleads, “I’m sorry, Tony, but I’m your friend, you need to tell me what’s the matter. We’re worried.”
Fury stood up, and held out his hand.
Jan looked at the clock. 8:50 am. He had 10 minutes to get to work on his first day on the job as a Special Agent for the National Security Branch of the FBI.
Steve places Tony gently on the bed before bending down and bestowing more of the soft kisses that turned deeper, more desperate. Steve’s tongue rolls against his, demanding submission and Tony can only take it, pressing himself against the pillow. Tony runs his hands on Steve’s back, the muscles flexing under his touch, before landing on Steve’s perfect ass.
Steve suddenly became aware of the twitching curtains and the other onlookers staring at them. Fuck, he loved this neighbourhood; he just moved in two months ago. It was a steal for the area and square footage, and the real estate agent was ecstatic to meet him and get him signing on the dotted line before the day was up.
“I am not your damsel,” Tony grumbles.
Tony opens the door so abruptly that Steve falls on his back. Tony looks down at the super soldier sprawled on his feet, and sees the slight glint of red at seeing him.
“JARVIS,” Tony hisses, “I thought the penthouse was on lockdown?”
Steve laughs against his mouth but doesn’t disagree. “But what a way to go,” he finishes.
Tony swallows, not knowing how to comfort his friend but dread consumes him.
It feels
“But you have to do it with a bang, right?” Rhodey asked. Tony reached up to hold his hand.
Tony smiles at that. “He broke several equipment the other day. He only has foam balls now.”
“Go away, Steve,” Tony says loudly. “I don’t know what happened in the lab, but get it out of your system now.”
“Tony, please, I need to make sure you’re alright,” Steve mutters.
“Tony, would you like to go to dinner with me?” Steve says and Tony nearly chokes on his spit.
“Tony! Of course not! But you—you’re a showman, you’re used to laying on the charm for work, so I thought it was just another facet of you.” Steve smiles crookedly at him. “It didn’t matter to me, though, because I was the only one who ever got to see you conked out on your bench at three in the morning with pepperoni on your face.”
Steve is right, as much as Tony hates to admit, as the extra preparation meant that he could barely feel the discomfort of being filled but only that throbbing pleasure as the other man sank inside inch by careful inch. They moan in tandem when Steve sinks to the hilt.
“Steve! How lovely to see you again!” Stark started to struggle in his restraints since he was put in them. “Come closer, sweetheart, and let me look at you. It’s been a while.”
Normally, Tony would have melted in a puddle. Who wouldn’t. He is the Alpha to end all Alphas. The man is perfection incarnate, and he has a great personality to boot. Tony had been psyching himself to ask him out for ages, flirting left and right, letting him know when he and Pepper were on the outs, everything.
“I—I need,” Tony starts until Steve pushes him up until he is nearly folding in half and pistons in and out, hitting Tony’s prostate with every stroke. Steve wraps his fingers on Tony’s cock, stroking up and down, out of sync with his thrusts but it is more than enough to drive Tony over the edge and he comes with a shout, the orgasm forcing out of him.
“I can’t, I lived with being a beta, with knowing that this is—was—me,” Tony whispers.
“Shit!” He started for the bathroom.
He fucking looked
Steve moves his hand on Tony’s cock, going up and down on a sure rhythm made to make Tony insane with need. It wasn’t fair. He was the first man Steve had ever been with but from the get-go, he knew how to play his body like a fiddle. When asked about it, Steve explained that he was just in tune to Tony and used his reactions to pinpoint which worked and which didn’t for Tony. After watching him move and fight for so long, it wasn’t hard for the master tactician.
“Bye.” He gave her another kiss.
She opened the door of her SUV and indicated he go in. “I’m here to take you to the bureau.” The distaste of being made Steve’s chauffeur for the day showed on her face. She clearly had better things to do.
“Lucky you,” he said, finishing up knotting his tie. “Well, I gotta go.”
“What is it?” Jan asked sleepily, starting to sit up. Her short dark hair was in disarray, a rare sight for the fashion designer who was always at the height of poise and fashion.
Executive Assistant Director Nick Fury stared at his current “guest” occupying a reinforced glass and steel cage in the middle of the floor from his office window. They were in the deepest bowels of HQ, in a space normally reserved for only the most dangerous of criminals the FBI had ever captured.
primping. He wouldn’t see him until later anyway.
,” he sniffs.
Bruce paces the floor in front of him, while Cho is at the screens, taking notes of Tony’s scans.
Bucky grinned at him. “At your heel.”
"What do you want?" Nia asked. She recognized the motto, recognized it from history books about Hydra and the Last War, but she couldn't quite bring herself to believe that anyone would align themselves with a group borne of genocidal ideologies.
The assignments took on a rhythmic quality, the way they had in years before: name, assignment, polite applause. Name, assignment, polite applause. The Dean’s assistant would pin a silver star over each graduate’s heart, and the graduates received their envelopes with the full details on their assignments, clutching them carefully with both hands so they wouldn’t drop them-- even as UNITY tried to discourage superstition, it was considered terribly bad luck to drop your envelope, a suggestion that you weren't a match for the assignment.
But surely Tony would not care about that anyway.
There was also the issue that Tony was not explicitly dead, nor injured, but rather vanished entirely. Moreover, if Bucky had, in fact, hired someone to perform the attack or kidnap the prince, there was no logical way he would have ended up in the middle of the crossfire, atop the carriage as it plummeted down – he certainly would not have lost his own
Tony didn’t have a moment to retort before the door opened and the guy stepped out into the light. He was tall. Taller than Tony had originally suspected, towering at least a head over him and built like a linebacker. But more importantly, he was
He came to a choked stop when he saw that Tony was frozen in the doorway opposite him, staring at him in surprise and what appeared to be dismay.
Thor accepted this, and indicated for them to follow him as they retreated back through the palace towards the entrance.
“I wasn’t expecting you,” Nia said.
Tony made a noise of distress, which Obadiah clearly took to be a question.
Peggy looked her over, then reached a hand up, brushing a thumb across Nia’s cheek. Her fingertip was soft, gentle. “You know they’ll make you choose, eventually, don’t you?” she asked.
Thor shook his head, then offered the necklace cupped in his hand to Tony. “It will quell the enchantment, but at a greater cost. Since the spell has already been cast, the amulet will not be able to protect against it, and it cannot undo the spell. But it will overpower the outward effects so long as it is worn.”
She woke once, when the flight attendant came on the loudspeaker to warn them of turbulence, but Nia barely felt it. It was dark, then, nighttime in whatever part of the globe they were currently flying over. The darkness of the cabin made it feel smaller, more tightly wrapped around her, like a shell or a cocoon. She dozed right back off, and then next time she opened her eyes, the window shade beside her head glowed gold with morning light. She slowly pulled it up, and peered out the tiny porthole window. She could see snow-capped mountains beneath her-- craggier and darker than the ones she was used to at home-- and wispy cirrus clouds floating alongside the plane.
He dropped onto the ground beside NIa, threw the envelope down into the grass.
And yet the situation was even worse than that, because it was not that Tony wished to take male lovers, which could perhaps have been excused, but that he wished to take one specific male lover. Sexual relations with other men had certain times and places in which they could be easily ignored, especially in times of conflict, or where the partner in question was a lowly stable worker or some other such position. Though Tony did not actually care about such social distinctions, he was still very much aware of them and their uses.
Officer Knight led Nia out to the main office of the Peace Station. Howard and Maria were
Footsteps sounded in the hall. "That'll be your mother," Howard said, not sounding as if he relished the thought.
Steve sighed. “Clint, go get the horses and bring them near. I don’t think Tony’s going to be up for much of a walk.”
“Nothing more than what you can give freely,” the Asgardian said in what he must have thought was a soothing voice.
The man’s eyes flared with rage, and he darted out with his free hand to snare Tony’s throat in an iron grip. “Have care when you speak thus to a prince of Asgard,” he snapped viciously, and—
How was this
Which meant there had been more to his imprisonment than just what they had seen – the thought made him grind his teeth in fury.
“Enter,” came the muffled command from inside.
He swallowed. “I can’t.”
Nia snorted. “They don’t make words dirty enough to describe him.”
“No guards,” Natasha’s voice came suddenly from behind him, and it took an enormous effort not to spin around with a great clattering of armor and weaponry. The only person who didn’t startle was Clint.
“—Crown prince of Asgard,” Tony finished, looking him up and down. “Your brother has little good to speak of you.” He met Thor’s eye. “Which makes you one of my new favorite people, really.”
Just before he can make an excuse for himself (hopefully concerning the hour and not the guy’s heartbreakingly lovely eyes), the man in his doorway snickers. Snickers unashamedly, right in Tony’s face, after pounding on his door and waking him up at this ungodly time of morning to ask him for help with… something… and, god, what an
The four of them spent a lot of days down by the river, or in the fields, or in the drawing room. Natasha was learning the harpsichord but wasn’t yet very good at it, so Tony sat and played for them sometimes before the younger children had to go to bed. Natasha and Bucky gave him requests, and he didn’t know a lot of them at first – but after a few days they started to bring him the sheet music, and when he played their songs they knew all the words and sang along.
Ty looked back at Obie with a clear, guileless expression. “Sir?” he asked, lifting his head as if all he wanted was to help.
Nia stuck her tongue out. “Ty thinks it’ll be leadership,” she said. “I have no
Steve refused to rub at his eyes. The others had slipped away at some point, so it was not as though anyone was paying them too much attention, but still.
, you came back.”
She opened the secret door without trouble, shut it behind her, moved purposely down the hall, and grabbed a jacket from the hooks.
“You’re a doctor,” Nia pointed out.
But then a new invasion came from the west – a plague that swept through the kingdom, killing without a care from the lowliest serf to the highest nobleman. By the time the plague had run its course, the population had been dealt devastating losses. The king and queen themselves were dead, along with five of their small children.
She pulled out a slim silver case, took out a white card. “Call
Yes, there was Lord Stane in the doorway of the second side hall, the one opposite Natasha’s, giving the signal to go ahead.
“Your replacement,” he clarified, petting the long stretch of Tony’s neck. “Seventh son of Lord Hammer, one of your princess’s barons. A pathetic, power-hungry little man. He has his uses though – when I stage your death a few months from now I’ll be able to use him again. Until then, of course, he’ll be in the lowest bowels of the castle in Menahahte. As soon as we’re on home shores I’ll take over the role of newlywed prince, wait for things to calm a little before abdicating. You know, I served your father for over twenty years, and when he died he left me nothing? I quite like you, Tony; it’s a shame it’s come to this. And a shame that you involved Pepper…” he sighed. “I would have preferred that she lived.”
“Only one neighbor I want to impress,” Steve retorts, smiling cheerfully and guilelessly over the table at Tony.
They ended up with Tony, exhausted from his journey across the sea, falling asleep on Bucky’s well-muscled shoulder – which Bucky took quite gamely. Tony just
“Are you certain?” Tony pushed, wanting to make an effort with Steve, so maybe they could be friends like he and Bucky were beginning to be friends. “Don’t you know any?”
The curtain blocked her view of the room, but the first thing she noticed was that it was chilly, as if the room was fully air-conditioned, the cold air leaking out through the open window. She shimmied around so she could climb in feet-first, and she slipped backward into the room, dropping to her feet with a smack against a tile floor that was louder than she intended. She stumbled back, her shoe catching on the bottom of the blackout curtain, and she groaned-- the window was too high, too far out of reach for her to shut it without climbing back up. She pulled herself up on the windowsill and fumbled at the frame with her elbow until she managed to shut it most of the way, then dropped back to the floor, more steadily this time.
She walked up to the Dean, just as she’d been instructed, getting ready to shake his hand and accept her envelope.
and urged his stallion on ever faster in front of the rest of them.
He darted from the bedchamber with nobody attempting to stop him. It was only a short trip from Bucky’s room through the suite’s antechamber and into the room he and Sam still shared. He collapsed on his own bed and sunk his head into his hands, elbows tight against his knees, his back bowing from the strain of not bursting into tears.
Howard rubbed at his chin. “I’m right next door,” he said. “To your left. Put something on that’s suitable for lunch, and for meetings; you’ll be accompanying me today.”
It was nighttime, the drawing room lit only with sconces and the great big fireplace beside them, glowing amber and warm and cozy, and the pair of them danced wildly over the floorboards. Their hair and clothes were flashing in the firelight, and their mouths were smiling with joy as they clapped and spun about each other’s elbows. They looked like carefree townspeople. Bucky and Steve really were townspeople, Tony realized then, and had to have taught Natasha how to dance like that.
After supper a few days later, Natasha disappeared into her bedchamber for a moment and then returned to the cleared table to present them with her designs for Steve’s heraldry, were she to win the bet; presumably in an effort to coax Steve into kissing Tony and ensuring her loss.
“Are you saying Mr. Stark is the wrong man for the job?” asked General Ross.
“I need to talk to you,” Steve said in a low voice.
Her face went hot, and she ground down on her teeth, grabbing his hand by the wrist and tugging it free of her jeans. “This is how you want to remember me?” she asked. “Finger-fucked up against a tree?”
She turned toward the wall of dials and sensors. His breathing was shockingly slow; his heart rate just as minimal.  All of the readings, on all of the dials, seemed impossibly low-- low, but present. His brainwaves--
Steve thought his legs might collapse. Bucky breathed out a heartfelt curse beside him, but they were all frozen in place.
are?” Ty asked, incredulous.
Steve hesitated, glancing down at their joined hands – it was strange to take such comfort from her as this, though he supposed she took comfort from his touch in return. They had only met once as children, spent but a few weeks together now, but still he felt that he knew her better than he should. Perhaps it was their shared loyalty to and love for Tony that tightened their bond. He hoped that they could retain a friendship even after this terrible situation was dealt with, but for now he allowed himself the simple reassurance of her thin hands and strong grip.
Her friends would be on the beach; she knew that much. It was a long walk from the house, but she was full of nervous energy, and the summer air was warm but comfortable, a cool breeze blowing in off the coastline.
When she’d met Jim, she’d been abjectly in love with him for two weeks, two heart-wrenching weeks, before she found out he already
… I didn’t think—”
“What size dress do you wear?” Maria asked, cradling the phone between her cheek and her shoulder.
"Why is there a comatose guy in our basement?" Nia countered.
. With an orange bill, crested with a black knob beneath beady black eyes, a long, thick white neck, a rounded body covered all over in what appeared to be feathers glowing white in the dregs of the sunlight and, not to forget, two enormous panic-ruffled wings flaring up behind him in alarm.
“Thanks,” Nia said. She ran a hand through her hair, smoothed out her uniform. She looked down at it, suddenly all too aware of the lack of a star on her placket. She had graduated; she should have a star. “I think.”
Steve lifted his head reluctantly as Thor looked up at Bucky with large, guilty blue eyes. “I can do no more,” he said sadly. “I have only limited healing magic; a spell that keeps a parcel of my mother’s spirit within my breast. But I cannot break this terrible curse. It is not the wound that afflicts him now, but my brother’s machinations. Forgive me, Princess, Steven,” he nodded to both of them with pleading eyes. “I have done all I can do for him.”
,” the guy grumbled, but he looked like he was cracking a grin. “But, yeah, kind of. Tony, I’m not really sure how to ask this without sounding like a dick, but… did you say you loved me?”
The others talked for a little while longer, but Steve only listened with half an ear. He turned Tony gently in his hold and then wrapped his arms securely around his waist, burying his face in Tony’s hair or the crook of his neck, feeling his heart beating and feeling Tony’s hands come up to grip his forearms.
Steve was scrawny, and sickly-pale, and had nothing to his name that did not depend on another’s goodwill.
“You’re here,” he said finally, sounding strangled. “You’re really here?”
“For the deaths of King Howard and Queen Maria, yes, Your Highness, I'm afraid that is so,” Clint nodded.
Her stomach churned; she tried to soothe herself. She was first in all her subjects, all twelve of them, after she'd petitioned the Academy to let her skip lunch and to let her take extra classes as independent studies.
“Fuck you, Steve,” she murmured at the paper, and started filling in a star shape around the prosthesis.
, and Ty was the least of her worries. She tried to sleep again, pulled the covers up to her shoulders, and turned first onto her other side, and then onto her back, but her mind was too full, going a million miles an hour. She tried to count to one hundred, but she got there too quickly, so she tried counting backwards, but she kept getting distracted by other thoughts, by pictures and numbers and noises filling her head.
Nia blinked. “But you-- I thought that’s what you
The organ inside was vivid, red and blue and shining, and Nia watched it expand and contract, pumping away as if there were still blood passing through it.
“I am Nat,” she announced in a quiet voice just for him; high with youth but rich with authority.
“It was a long time ago,” Howard answered.
Steve swallowed and stood, straightening his blue jerkin to buy himself a moment to recover. He did not look away from Tony as he approached the dais. He could sense Natasha’s piercing stare on him, encouraging him.
After a short while, Steve heard a female voice shouting over the wind: “Here! Over here!” and did not have even a moment to wonder which man she had found before he was skittering back up the incline towards her booming voice, Sam close on his tail. The woman who had called out was Coulson’s favorite minion: clerk Johnson’s daughter, an extremely clever young woman a few years Steve’s junior. Daisy was crouched on the ground over the figure of a man lying face-down on the dirt, her hair plastered against her face by the rain, and her skirts girded about her thighs but still dragging in the sodden mud. Her hands hovered over the man she had found, quaking, unsure whether or not to touch.
, without quite realizing what she was doing, and for the second time in as many days, felt more helpless than she had in her life.
“Tony, I want to stay.”
Nia snorted, as she clasped her fingers around the capsule. “You’re making that up.”
They spent hours in the study together, or in the drawing room, and Tony tried valiantly to teach Steve the harpsichord, then the lute, then—in desperation—the little children’s glockenspiel. To their dismay (and eventual hilarity), Steve could hold neither a tune nor a beat even if Tony tapped it out for him, so they settled for Tony playing the harpsichord while Steve appreciated the happy sounds it produced, and sketched or read while listening from across the room.
Tony returned the bow respectfully. “Hello, James. I have a friend called James too, but I call him Rhodey ‘cause James is his dad’s name too and that’s too many Jameses.”
, Tony muses while peering at the beastly thing sitting nonchalantly on top of his neighbor’s drain. If it were any later in the day he’d probably be horrified at the sight of its chunky, fuzzy legs hooked over the entire span of the metal, but as far as he can tell his emotions don’t fully load until either noon or the third cup of coffee. Ah well, there’ll always be time later to be horrified. Preferably when his hot neighbor isn’t within shrieking range.
Obie dropped his grip on the photographer, pulled the film out of the camera and exposed it to the sunlight before he dropped the camera in the dirt and stomped on it with his heel. “
Then, with scarcely a pause, he brushed something against Tony’s inner elbow. The bright pain it caused told him that it was a sharp blade, and his stomach dropped when he realized what the plan was.
“Beheaded!” Bucky contributed gleefully, from where he was prostrate along the length of a low couch.
She snapped to attention at the sound of her father's voice.
She was sinking, in a viscous fluid, but it was transparent, and when she opened her eyes, she could see...though the fluid was filling her nose and ears and throat, surrounding her with intense pressure, somehow she didn’t drown, wasn’t suffocated by it. She saw a light above her, and tried to move her arms, tried to swim toward it, but when she did, a dark silhouette blocked her view-- she reached up, grabbing hold of whatever it was that was blocking her way to the surface.
Dozens of folktales shot through Steve’s mind at the words, stories of love’s true kiss solving every ailment from melancholy to evil spells to death itself. And it may have been a little absurd, but by this point Steve was past caring. He would gladly do anything to save Tony’s life.
“That would still require me to be, you know,” Tony gestured at himself. “Not feathered. Which won't happen if I'm not on the lake at sundown. And people might notice something amiss if I waddle down the aisle with a beak.”
She didn’t have an opportunity to find out more, as they were let off at their floor, on a balcony that overlooked the lobby. From this height, everything below sparkled in the sun. Nia felt her breath leave her chest, and stepped to the railing, entranced, leaning over as far as she dared. Something in her, a tickle in her shoulders, made her want to spread her arms and leap, as if there were a vestige of some ancient avian ancestor that had been slumbering quietly inside her, wakened by the opportunity to fly. She caught herself leaning further, and stepped back, breaking the spell.
Howard nodded. “I’ve got a design for a...for a reactor,” he said. “A self-sustaining reactor. Tandem fission and fusion. The cycles sustain the core, and--”
The very thought sent anxiety skittering down his spine, but he forced himself to consider it because… he could not trade his emotions for Tony for his emotions for his dead ma, he simply could not. And, if marriage really was no more than a contract designed for a cold, practical purpose—especially something as direly impersonal as a political union—what meaning did it truly have? What sanctity? Because right now, Steve felt that the love and loyalty he had towards Tony were far purer and richer than any ceremony that required little more than signatures on a piece of paper to have any meaning.
Then Steve heard it – a faint sound, metallic but loose, like chain links scraping together, and his breath caught.
“I didn’t know you would be here,” Nia said happily, as Obie scooped her up in a big bear hug.
Natasha gave her a piercing look, then darted her eyes to the man beside her for a split second in comprehension. “Not at all. Enjoy your rest.”
There was a knock at her door, and she went to answer it-- seeing the tiny glass peephole, she got up on her tiptoes to peek through it, although of course it was her father.
Tony wished he could be so simple, but of course he had to make everything so much harder than it could have been. He was certain that if he were to take a mistress or two—or nightly—Natasha would not be upset (well, she might take issue with the nightly rotation, but, frankly, so would Tony).
And now, seeing this, she finally began to understand what her mother might have seen in him.
The sun was about to set, and Tony was preemptively floating upon the glimmering surface of the lake. It was, at least, a beautiful prison he had been given. The lake was enormous, large enough to host several different nests with ample space between them, and so had been taken up by a fair-sized colony of swans. Tony, naturally, was not welcome among them. Whenever he tried to go anywhere near any of the other birds, he was hissed and spat at, pecked at viciously, and even bludgeoned with surprisingly powerful wings. He took their message and stayed well away. Especially when the eggs arrived.
“Thank you,” Nia whispered, feeling very, very small. She bit her lower lip. “Maria?” she asked.
“What I mean is,” he continued, managing to meet and hold Steve’s eye while ignoring his wavering voice. “You don’t have to stay in the condo if you don’t want to. You, uh, you have options, okay?”
She had the faint memory of being carried, and then of rumbling beneath her, and voices-- two men, and a woman, and then nothing, nothing, darkness, nothing, followed by vivid dreams rich in detail: sights and sounds and scents and contact all heightened to surreality.
Tony and Natasha were being cheered by the entire room, and Steve felt sick to his stomach. He jumped in shock when Bucky laid a hand on his shoulder, but when he met his friend’s sympathetic eyes he managed to regain enough composure to nod at the dismissal and make a quiet exit.
“Better take him, too,” The one said to the other, nodding at Yinsen.
The next summer was their last before Tony finally married Natasha, and he was fully prepared for a rather less than cheerful greeting from Bucky when he arrived at the castle. Instead, Bucky was waiting for Tony at the marina when his ship docked, and Tony froze in place on the gangplank when he saw him.
Sometimes Clint went with them as well, and it turned out that Clint was a skilled trick rider. He was under oath not to attempt to teach Tony how to ride a horse backwards, sideways, balanced on his hands, or in any other questionably sane manner, no matter how much the prince needled. So that was how they found out another snippet of the former mercenary’s past: Clint had belonged to a traveling entertainment troupe for most of his life, which was the source of all sorts of bizarre talents.
“Of course I’m right, I’m always right.”
When Tony appeared at his front door, he stopped when he saw something on the porch and immediately whipped his head up in Steve’s direction. Steve smiled nervously and nodded towards the items.
“I don’t uh. It’s, uh... I don’t want to dump my emotional baggage on you. This is good, this is helping.”
“You’re right, I should just scrap this tawdry attempt right now.”
The tires squealed as Tony floored it down the road. Steve waited until he was almost out of his sight before pulling out and following from a safe distance. If Tony had already seen Steve there’s no way he wouldn’t notice him tailing him. God damnit, so much for being stealth. Right as Steve took a turn to keep following Tony, a car cut him off. He just sat in silence, with a hand hovering over the car horn. He didn’t want to draw Tony’s attention to him and make the risk of him being spotted any higher than it might have already been.
Tony sputtered, “Water? That hasn’t been filtered through pulverized beans? That is the most depraved thing anyone has ever said to me.”
Tony smiled with one corner of his mouth, the way that really really made Steve want to lean in and kiss it.
“There’s my man. Are you feeling okay enough for me to touch you, I mean. I can hold your hands, I um. I know that always helps ground me when I go through these. But of course, it’s different for everyone so I’ll just sit here and—”
“This isn’t fancy, this is how coffee should be made.”
“Oh? Do you dream about being in bed with me often?”
“You don’t have to thank me for being right, it comes naturally. I can’t help it really.”
He hastily grabbed two plates and haphazardly arranged the toast and bacon on each. He could feel his pulse under his skin quickening as he ran upstairs to make sure he hadn’t stained his shirt. Yes, that was why, and absolutely not to check his hair and beard over one last time.
“I… I guess you’re right? I’ve never thought about it like that.”
“Honestly? Me neither. But, do you know how I know this isn’t a dream?
“Actually,” Tony said, “he does.” He folded the paper up and put it in Stone’s breast pocket. Then he turned and smiled at Steve, who was still holding Stone against the wall. “Why don’t you keep this, in case you’re fuzzy on any of the details regarding your numerous first-degree felonies. Toodaloo!” Tony waved and stepped away with a satisfied look on his face.
Steve tried to look stern but burst into laughter, “That was truly terrible.”
The shuffling of the files on Stone stopped, and just when Steve thought he had control of the laptop again, more files started to cycle on the screen.
they had found Tony alive and well, the swan he had—even at the time—noted seemed oddly upset with Clint… that swan might have
The time came yet again for Tony to leave, and he paid a fond farewell to Natasha, Bucky, and Sam in the castle courtyard.
Despite Natasha’s best backhanded efforts, Steve felt himself retreating further and further from Tony as the summer bled out, finding that he was beginning to wish he were someone else, or that Tony was, which was a thought that could only lead down dangerous and heartbreaking paths. So he went riding with Tony, went hunting. Clint used them all as target practice, and Tony continued to help the blacksmith with his work in exchange for the use of his forge to create individual weapons and uniquely crafted pieces of armor for his friends.
coffee joint just a few blocks down from their building, and they let the conversation lapse comfortably as they make their way over to it—Steve probably senses that Tony will be more coherent company once he’s been sufficiently caffeinated. There’s only a small line before the till at this heinous hour, nobody even gives Tony a second look while they wait, and soon they’re seated at a cozy two-person table in the corner of the room.
She decided five minutes couldn’t hurt. She curled up, resting her cheek on her arm, her bare elbow in the dirt.
Every few days, Loki would come by and taunt him. Tell him that nobody was looking for him—Tony did not believe that for a second—that everybody was moving on with their lives—that one might be true—or that nobody cared that he was missing – he hoped that one wasn’t true. Natasha, at least, would probably prefer him to anyone else she could be married to, and do her very best to track him down.
She gave herself one last look in the mirror to steel herself. “Well, Kid,” she said, matter-of-fact, “you’re not exactly
Her vision faded.
The next year, Prince Tony was sent back to spend the summer with Princess Natasha at her beautiful hilltop castle. This arrangement pleased both children immensely, after the wonderful weeks they had spent joined at the hip when they first met.
With a dubious squint, Steve looked him up and down. “Fancy vampire?”
Lord Stane stood tall, his arms folded in a stately manner. “Lord Fury, please. Be reasonable. Surely you cannot believe such a ludicrous claim from this man?”
“What the hell?” Clint barked, looking between Steve and the two women frantically. “What is his problem?”
Nia gritted her teeth. “That goes for both of you,” she said, clenching her hands into fists. She waved a hand at Howard. “At least I expect him to be unreliable. I figured, fine, maybe Howard’s fucking drunk again, maybe he lost track of time, maybe he’s built a rocketship and fucking
,” and finally, ”what you asked for,” before she found herself back in the ocean.
Nia looked back and forth between her two honorary relatives-- neither of them family by blood, but both of them here, both of them interested in what she would become, both of them aware of how important this day was. At eighteen, she couldn’t blubber at them, couldn’t tell them she wished they were her parents.
“It was my choice to stay, Tony. Whatever you’ve cooked up in that head of yours, it isn’t true. I stayed with you because I wanted to.” Steve’s eyes were shining, whether from honesty or unshed tears Tony wasn’t really sure.
Tony leaned over to kiss her forehead. “I’ll say sorry tomorrow.”
,” he said, giving Ty a sharp look.
“What do you know?” Clint demanded, bristling and taking an accusatory step towards the prince.
Nia saw the security guards, in their black uniforms, start toward the stage.
“I should go to bed,” Tony said, suddenly. He started moving a moment later, as though the command had suffered a long delay between his mouth and his legs.
The quiet was not unexpected, though it was of course unwelcome. For over half a year, Steve had fallen asleep with the memory of Tony’s voice in his mind, and woken with it upon the cusp of his dreams; to lack it now was more painful than he would have expected. But Tony spoke sparingly, even haltingly – and that was perhaps worse than the silences. He seemed disconnected from the rest of them, as if he did not know how to respond to their questions or their jokes. As if they were strangers to him. He seemed confused when Sam tried to talk to him about Redwing’s healing leg, and downright startled when Clint performed one of his classic gymnastic tricks upon his long-suffering gelding’s back. Steve certainly had very little by way of comparison, but he could not have imagined that even seven months would have eroded Tony’s memory so drastically.
“That may be,” Howard answered with a shrug. “But what are they going to do about it?”
A few muted whoops sounded, while Tony just sighed and relaxed into Steve’s chest a little more. He didn’t have an 8AM lecture like Jan (was she nuts?), but he did have a first draft of his mechatronics project due at the end of the week, and he wasn’t even close to happy with it yet. It was barely past midnight but he’d still be okay with leaving once the prizes were all doled out.
“Or lack thereof?” Nia asked. “Do you...I don’t understand,” she said. “I--”  her voice cracked, she winced as she realized she was about to start crying again. “I worked
It seemed as though she had found her iron core once again, and her confidence sent a whisper of calm through Steve for the first time all day.
The two attackers were now on her-- martial arts had never held her interest, and she wished now that it had, as they were both much larger, much stronger, and one of them held her down and tried to cover her mouth.
Steve, being Steve, decided that he needed to test Tony’s boundaries after a while, and see how far he had come. So one day, he returned to the ‘queen’s chambers’ he and Tony shared, proudly sporting a white tabard embroidered exquisitely on his chest with the coat of arms Natasha had designed for him all those years ago. A swan, triumphant on a field of red and white vertical stripes, beneath three silver stars displayed across the royal blue chief.
“No,” Tony continued, sending dirty looks at a smiling Natasha. “In the story, a swan’s egg gets placed in a duck’s nest by accident, so when it hatches the mother duck and the other ducklings think it's just a very ugly duckling. But then it grows up and it turns out to be a swan.”
excused himself to his chambers to change clothes and retire for the night, and everyone else was left in an odd, floating moment of shock.
Since the princess was yet far too young to rule, a regent was set on the throne in her place, a man eminently loyal to the Crown and to his young charge. Lord Nicholas Fury, the late king’s most trusted cabinet adviser, took control of the kingdom during a turbulent and frightening time. Though their crops were plentiful, their rivers and pastures replete, and their towns magnificently built, the land had suffered a heavy loss of the citizens needed to work and fill them.
Nia had put her hair in a high ponytail under her cap, and she followed behind her father with a little suitcase that rolled behind her on shiny wheel, and made a satisfying clicking noise every time she ran it over the tiles in the floor.
She found herself in a narrow hall, only lit by the light from the--
had had enough of crying in front of people to last her a lifetime.
Worryingly white foundation, check. Froofy ponytail wig, check. Ostentatious gold-glitter jacket, check. Pointy stick-on fangs—he pulled them from his breast pocket and quickly squished them in place using the putty they came with—, check. He grinned at his reflection, partly from excitement and partly to test the hold of his new teeth. Good enough. With a little twist he checked out how his butt looked in the tight cream-coloured pants and nodded approvingly.
Considering the fact that
When he pulled back from the kiss, he almost expected to see Tony’s honey brown eyes open and shining at him.
But Nancy didn't finish her sentence. Instead, her eyes grew wide, and she screamed.
She shut the encasement again, and grimaced. “I’m gonna...I guess I should actually talk to my parents and see what they’ve tried, yeah? That’s probably, uh--”
Bucky and Sam remained wisely silent, slurping and picking unobtrusively at their meals.
"Come here," said Maria. She handed Nia one of the coats, wrapping the other one around herself, and opened the door.
Tony recovered from his surprise first, grinning for the whooping crowd and holding out two hands to catch the chocolates Jan threw their way. He caught one without a fuss, but the other smacked Steve right on the nose—although Steve already kind of looked like he’d taken a frying pan to the face, and the little projectile actually seemed to snap him out of it.
Howard had frowned. “No,” he had replied. “It’s because you’re a Stark.”
It was all over… and was Tony really to die here, in this quiet, wind-sheltered clearing alone and without any way to help his friends? He wanted to fight! But, oh, how he wanted the pain to end. It was not the mortal agony of some of his other transformations, but he could feel his cursed body punishing him for straying so far from the lake. Every second the pain beat within him, so that other thoughts fell from his mind as soon as they came, like water spilling hopelessly through his trembling fingers.
Maria and Howard both went silent, then exchanged a look. “No,” said Maria.
“We could come in,” Carol offered. “Us sneaking in isn’t as bad as you sneaking out, right?”
“Nee?” Jim asked, as she stomped through the sand, back up to them. It was only from the expressions on their faces that she realized how awful she must look. “What’s the matter?”
“Okay,” Tony agrees, because why the hell not? But also, “Why?” because he just can’t leave well enough alone.
Unfortunately for Tony’s dignity—if, probably, fortunate for his grades—, Steve chose to utterly reject Tony’s very logical point that he didn’t
Maria sat down next to her on the sofa, put her hand tentatively on Nia’s shoulder, and gave it a pat. It was a little mechanical, a little uncertain, but in that moment, Nia was incredibly grateful.
He did not fear happiness. He feared immorality; he feared orchestrating his own tragedy.
He did know that he was vibrating like a plucked string as Tony’s carriage approached for the first time in years. He had to remind himself that Tony had a chaperon this time, and that they would have to behave themselves in front of this very important member of King Howard’s court. (At least initially. Stane was not, after all, planning to stay for the entire summer.)
The man in question stepped forward, past the sheet. He was dressed in surgical scrubs, rubber gloves on his hands, and she supposed she should be relieved that the conditions were at least sanitary, but he wore a plastic cap over his hair, and a surgical mask and pair of sunglasses obscured his face, and even as her vision was slowly improving, the only things she could identify about him were that he was tall, and white.
to ask him out for… a time?
He started nodding frantically, and had hardly gotten through his eager, “You all really want that?” when Natasha set upon him with devouring kisses, and Tony’s whoop of excitement was smothered by Bucky’s smiling mouth.
“I haven’t been in here since that night,” Steve admitted, looking wanly over to the harpsichord.
“Be that as it may,” said another man. “You do owe us a progress report on the--”
“You are most welcome, Prince Tony,” she sassed, before kissing him on the cheek and leaving for bed, soon followed by the others now that the evening’s grand excitement appeared to be over.
There was a long silence, then Carol began to giggle. “Sorry!” she exclaimed, and she put an arm, gingerly, around Nia’s shoulders. “I’m so--”
Impulsively, she clutched at Maria’s shoulders and kissed her on the mouth--  something she hadn’t done since she was a small child.
“Oh,” Tony said, peering cautiously up at Steve and then setting the thin book aside on the sill. “Nothing much. What can I do for you?”
It had been months. Steve was not coming. Nobody was coming.
Tony glanced up at Steve, who was wide-eyed and would probably be as white as Tony’s makeup if his face weren’t covered in chestnut fur.
early warning, out comes a serious question. “You really sat over there scheming how to get a conversation out of me, and that was the best you came up with? Asking me to play exterminator?”
And Bucky, who had been frantic and almost vicious up until now in their search for Tony, was met with Tony’s cool reactions and uncaring looks. Tony did not ask after Bucky’s arm, which—while from anyone else would have seemed polite and accepting—ended up feeling more as though Tony barely noticed its loss, nor particularly cared. Taking it as a sign that all his fears about Tony blaming him for his parents’ deaths had been true, Bucky had retreated into the mere shell of himself he had been for months after waking up following the attack. His setback only compounded Steve’s pain and anger, not directed at Tony, and hardly even directed at Loki, but rather just bubbling inside him and desperate for release.
,” he spat the name. “Failed you. Did he tell you he made a vow of everlasting love to Hammer? That should have cemented the body transformation spell, according to that sorcerer’s notes. Magic,” he scoffed. “It didn’t work, of course. I guess the sorcerer didn’t care to mention that intent was as important as the words themselves. He meant it for you. Well, it was a nice thought.”
Both of them must have looked absolutely murderous indeed, because Hammer went even whiter, if possible, and closed his eyes reluctantly. “Lord Stane – it—it was Lord Stane.”
“Tony!” Obadiah greeted him, grinning widely as he swung the door open. “Aren’t you a sight for sore eyes? Come inside, come on.” He ushered a grateful Tony into the room, securely shutting and latching the door behind him.
The scepter in his hand tipped immediately in Tony’s direction, and he had a moment—as the burning gem glowed white and red like glass pulled from a furnace, and Loki snarled a series of words he did not understand—to feel an all-encompassing terror. His death was imminent, and he barely even had time to acknowledge it. He had heard that a person’s life appears before them like a ballad of sight in the moment before they die, but he did not even have time for this.
down his spine, and screams torn from his own throat as he collapsed from the cot onto the filthy stone floor. Through flashes of agony he saw that Loki had vanished along with his dreadful scepter, but that the door was wide open. With a shout of horror at the phantom sensation of his flesh sloughing from his bones, he lurched to his feet and staggered as fast as he could manage from the cell.
doesn’t carry much weight.
Sam had been carefully poking and prodding over Bucky’s skull, neck, ribcage, and pelvis, smoothing over the vulnerable stretch of his abdomen and inspecting the other arm and his legs. Kneeling beside him, Daisy had been assisting with the inspection, but mostly she was staring in horror at the remains of Bucky’s left arm and attempting to wrap it up for transport, pulling strips of scrap fabric from the pack she was wearing over her shoulder. There was not much she could do, and even Steve could tell that the arm was almost certainly going to have to go entirely from at least the elbow down. The damage above there was mostly obscured by his jerkin, even as Daisy began to slit it open with her knife and wrap up the bloody flesh she exposed.
“Miss Cerrera-Stark!”
Tony blinked at her. “Thank you?”
“I’m having
She slid her hands around his neck, pulling him down to her height to kiss him more deeply, and he teased at her nipple with his thumb.
She purred, pleased, then crushed his throat a little bit more to lean over and kiss his cheek, before finally springing off him and letting him stagger to his feet. Sam and Clint shouted eagerly about Tony having been taken down by a small, delicate princess, which only earned them Natasha’s attentions in his stead.
Sam came skidding into view not long after – accompanied by Natasha’s chamberlain, Phillip Coulson, and several other members of the castle staff.
They ate cold bologna sandwiches on rye bread with mustard, before Howard, looking uneasy in Maria’s half of the house, excused himself and shuffled off. He looked back at Nia before he walked out the door, but didn’t say anything, just stared at her for a long moment.
Tony swallowed. “I'm difficult.”
As the car rolled into the Academy drive, she was greeted by classmates who were much more certain about their futures.
“He’s trying to protect you,” Maria admitted. “But not because he thinks you’re a baby.”
the monster under his bed, whose name was Steve. If this wasn’t real, he sure was interested in what part of his subconscious this reel of nonsense had come from.
Quick, light footsteps announced Natasha’s arrival, and she shoved Steve unceremoniously out of her way before whipping out the lock-picking kit she carried on her thigh and set to work. Steve didn’t know how long it took, but it felt like an hour before the lock clunked obligingly and the door swept open.
“How will you test him?”
However, he did not make it far from the front door. Around the other side of the castle, where a lake sprawled between the ancient building and the clearing where they had secreted their mounts, Clint was staggering sideways across the dirt path while shouting and cursing vehemently – at the large mute swan that was viciously attacking his boot.
in the
All evidence, therefore, indicated that the man currently holding Tony captive was indeed an Asgardian and, far worse, a magical one with no particular qualms about using his abilities destructively. How many of Tony’s people had this man killed to spirit Tony away to this place? Had he killed Bucky? Had he killed Tony’s parents in this wild scheme?
There’s a decent,
“Who are you?” Tony asked, feeling stirrings of unease settle deeply in his stomach. Fury had, apparently, had good reason to fear that the Asgardian civil conflict would spill over into Midgard. “Who are you working for?”
“Do we know who’s behind it?” Howard asked.
So it became the norm that Tony would fight with them until he reached his limit, then he would work on his own projects while sitting on a hay bale or against a fence post, calling out insults occasionally or asking their opinions on whatever he was working on that day. He designed a new bow for Clint that had the archer almost mute with shock after he first tried it out, after which he was practically as fond of and loyal to Tony as any of the others who had known him since they were children.
“How are you doing?” Nia asked. “How’s the--”
… And then his face fell. Steve’s heart beat double for one short moment as disappointment and confusion flooded Tony’s expression. The hand held between his felt suddenly cold, and the comfort Steve had been drawing from the contact disappeared in an instant. It was no matter, as Tony wrenched his hand away a moment later anyway. As Steve stayed frozen in place on his knees, Tony jumped up and strode away, freezing, muttering something to himself, then patting his hands frantically down his front.
“I just meant--” Ty started.
Clint, too, was snickering from behind them.
“Oh my gosh,” she said in a playful voice. “That
Obadiah, he realized, was talking as he crouched at Tony’s side. “—nked directly to the blood of the wearer, according to those notes I stole, else I’d have simply worn the amulet Hammer has.”
“I need to bring your things to your room,” Nancy said. “But I’m at your disposal.”
Steve went stiff. He did his best not to let it show, and Natasha very quickly distracted Tony from his reaction—not to mention Sam and Clint’s horror-struck faces—by spilling what was left of her wine on his shoes. As she and Tony puttered about mopping up the mess, with Tony far more upset by the spill than he really should have been, Steve’s mind raced.
“It’s
“Ah,” Obadiah said slowly, thoughtfully. “I don’t think that will be a problem.”
Tony took to Clint like a falcon to the air, and was calling him ‘Hawkeye’ with poorly-disguised glee after their first afternoon practicing archery out on the training fields. Tony was no mean shot himself, but he was outstripped by Natasha and Bucky by a fair margin, and Sam by a slight one. Clint, however, was in a whole different realm from the rest of them. He was secretive about his past, but Steve got a good feeling about the man – mostly since he had snuck into the palace in the dead of night several months before, risking life, limb, and more, to warn Natasha that one of the feuding Asgardian houses had recently put a bounty on her head.
“They’re
But the other boy was even tinier. He was scrawny and pale-skinned, pink-cheeked and tow-headed, and scowling.
It was at that point that the Batman upon which Jan was perched clearly had enough of their conversation and ambled off without so much as a goodbye, carrying Jan away with him.
She scanned the crowd for the front section, where the UNITY officials sat, but her parents still weren’t there.
But they obviously made her happy, even the quiet, glaring Steve, who was supposed to be six years old but looked far younger and was really,
beyond coincidental.”
It was then that Bucky’s face moved. It was caked with dirt, filth and forest debris, bleeding sluggishly from several deep cuts and scrapes.
Natasha’s twelfth birthday had come and gone last year, which meant she was of legal marrying age in their kingdom. Tony had been of age for over a year, but even so Lord Fury had agreed with King Howard that it was not the right time for a royal wedding between their kingdoms, considering the worrisome news coming out of Asgard, on the broad side of the Midgardian Sea, what felt like every day in the four years since Tony’s friends had visited.
And inside was a man-- a naked, sleeping man. Her heartbeat sped up, her jaw dropped, and she screamed in spite of herself.
Tony caught his eyes at that moment, and Steve grinned at him, trying his best to impart his thoughts across the space without words. He expected Tony’s lascivious smirk – the one that made heat burn in Steve’s belly, or perhaps a wink, an answering smile.
He huffed at her. “I am a man! Only two more years until everyone else agrees!”
“No, Tony, no,” Obadiah said soothingly, and he started rummaging through a small pack he must have dropped earlier at Tony’s side. “I didn’t plan this. This is… plan number three, shall we say? I’m adaptable, after all, and who am I to let someone else’s plot to kill you go unused? I’ll admit,” he turned back to Tony with something in his hands, just out of Tony’s line of sight, and began fussing with Tony’s sleeve, clumsily rolling it up past his forearm. “This is more complicated than I really wanted. If those pirates had just killed you like they were supposed to… ah well. Then I had to wait for things to settle down, and even now it’s easier if you just appear to be an unlucky prince with foreign enemies. Otherwise your successor would have to answer so many
With a strangled yelp, Tony jumped away from whatever he was now hugging—Steve or otherwise—and raised both hands in front of himself defensively.
is. Never mind what’s actually going on,” Tony admitted, considering turning on the lights but not sure it would help the situation.
She heard a loud crack-- and then saw glimmering colored lights in the sky above the water. Fireworks. She hastened her footsteps as she neared the beach, saw the bright, dancing flames of a bonfire and the shadowy silhouettes of teenagers drinking contraband beer from glass bottles and roasting marshmallows.
There was a long silence. Tony stood awkwardly with just his face poking into the bedroom, squinting and considering his options. The guy seemed genuinely distressed, so maybe he really didn’t know the condo had changed owners. This might actually be an honest mistake. Except…
Nia suddenly felt lightheaded, her brain stopped processing in words; everything was raw impulse with no way to verbalize it.
Satisfied, Tony swung around to pose with his chin up and his hands on his hips. “How do I look?”
But Sam shook his head and pointed outward. “The trees!”
“Nat would never let anything happen to you,” Sam countered dismissively. “Is Tony not worth it?”
Cold horror washed down Steve’s spine, and he stumbled to his feet. “No! Tony, no, I would never—”
This was by far the best lead any of them had managed to find on the identity of the mysterious attacker. It was quite remarkable—and highly unnerving—that the person had taken eight lives, one arm, and one prince almost four months ago, and then simply disappeared into the æther.
"She hasn't graduated yet," Obie pointed out. "Commencement ends at one PM. Legally, she's still off-limits to you."
“Nothing’s wrong!” Bucky yelled loud enough to be heard over the hubbub of the docks, and he seemed calm and happy – from a distance, at least.
But another green-clad figure knocked Nancy to the ground. The gun went off harmlessly, and clattered to the patio, even as Nancy yelled again.
Howard ran a hand over his face. "Nia--" he started.
“Really?” Nia asked, dubious. She was one kid. One kid who was the child of two very famous people, sure, but still, one kid.
Sir Alexander nodded, staring down at Steve thoughtfully. “How old are you, Steven?”
Without another word, Tony spun on his toe and exited the room, leaving Steve standing alone with the flames, feeling alone and ill and unaccountably uneasy.
Her shoulders twitched, and then she shivered, and let out a little moan, inadvertently, and nibbled at his lower lip. His other hand drifted down, unbuttoning her jeans, fingers sliding beneath her waistband, catching at the elastic of her panties.
This time, when she fell asleep, she didn’t dream.
The ease of so many years of friendship laying smooth and deeply fond between him and Natasha – that seemed to have all but disappeared. Tony drew away sharply when she attempted to kiss his cheek upon their departure the second day, and seemed genuinely unnerved, even
After a moment, Tony leaned over to tear another damp page from the notebook, and Steve handed him a peg. They continued working in industrious silence.
She turned, and pushed the blackout curtains out of the way, to find herself hit with a blast of icy air. Shivering, she dropped the curtain back in front of her, like a shield against the frigid temperatures of the room.
Steve set his jaw and glared. “Don't be angry with me for having a sense of morality.”
She held up a magnificent, sparkling blue cocktail dress that set off the gold and copper tones of her skin to perfection, and matched her eyes. She wondered, for a moment, as she bit her lip and stared into the mirror, if Howard would be furious if she wore a cocktail dress to an important government meeting and feigned naivety over fashion.
“This is a terrible,” she told herself, rubbing at her face with one hand, “place to fall asleep. Stop it, stop…”
She hesitated, steeling herself, but this time she was prepared for the body inside its protective shell. She put her hands on the case and looked down.
A short exchange later, Maria hung up, looking back to Nia. “Miss Potts will have clothing and jewelry sent ahead to the hotel. And shoes.”
—but Tony supposes he has to at least
Jim insisted on staying in the driveway until she’d walked well enough out of the way that she’d disappeared from sight.
They’ve reached the main doors out of the building and Steve steps forward to effortlessly pull the right one open, as though it doesn’t weigh as much as Tony does—only to hold out a hand and indicate that Tony go ahead of him.
kill Nazis in the war, you’ve still got to step back and think about how to do it.”
“And I don’t have anybody else to talk to,” she added quietly, tapping on the icy floor with her fingers. She shivered, pulling her jacket more tightly around herself, and leaned her head back against the case. “My boyfriend was getting date-rapey, my friends are all leaving, my parents...well, you know my parents. I mean, I guess...they listened more today than they usually do, but we’ll see what they do when there’s no more crisis, yeah? They’re both really good at emergencies, but the rest of the time…”
It grew more and more difficult, as the years went on and Steve started to leave the last of his childhood behind, for Tony to deny what he felt for him. Steve had turned sixteen the previous summer, and Tony was hard-pressed to find more than just traces of the white-blond, twiggy, sour little boy he’d first met in the man Steve was becoming. His hair had darkened to pure gold, like a crown gifted to him by Nature herself – though his skin remained pale, and changed in the sun only to display an array of freckles like constellations over Steve’s nose. He was still thin, but he lacked the sickly, frail look of his youth.
Steve turned to look at him. “Yes, I did.”
“Good!” Tony beamed. “What about a lullaby? Does your mother sing you lullabies?”
She got into the backseat of the car, Howard’s fancy State car with the UNITY emblem emblazoned on the sides. She thought it was a little ostentatious for graduation, but it was just the sort of thing Howard would do. Jarvis greeted her warmly and told her that she looked very grown-up, and she felt a lump at the back of her throat, and murmured thank you.
The robotic man behaved as if he hadn't heard her. “We will provide passage,” he said. “For you to come to an undisclosed location. One of our leaders is in need of medical assistance. You will give him the required aid, and we will release your daughter.”
There had been a softness in Maria's voice, something Nia had rarely heard, the tone she used with very young patients, and it had struck Nia unexpectedly, with a feeling of melancholy, to hear her mother talk so lovingly to her father. She had felt angry at her parents, inexplicable ire boiling up in her chest, and tears pricking her eyes, and then anger at herself for being angry with them, and she hadn't been able to understand why.
The three of them drew to a halt next to an over-sized suit of armor they had already passed, and Prince Thor looked incongruously quite pleased with the entire affair. “Forgive me, Princess,” he said, hardly sounding contrite. “But I’m sure you understand – sometimes time is the far more effective betrayer of deception than any other means.”
there why bother planting someone to throw us off the trail? I mean, maybe the impostor was the plan all along, but why wait almost seven months when we’ve been looking for him all that time? Why now?”
For all his bravado, Tony wasn’t absolutely sure that nobody would kick up a fuss over Steve, but he was a hell of a lot better at hiding his nerves about it. He was just about to make a joke about a nearby group of kids all dressed up as
“Give my assignment to Nia,” Ty retorted. “You didn’t seem to care about her obligation.”
“I want to see her,” said a female voice, fierce and demanding. “I’m not listening to anything you say until I see my daughter.”
She clutched at her little purse that had her hotel room key and her lipgloss in it, and wished Jim were there.
Flying was almost impossible between the deep cut on his wing and the bone-deep, pervasive agony of the curse he couldn’t escape, not to mention the blade still lodged deeply in his breast, but Tony had managed to make it down the short way to the coppice at the south end of the castle.
She took Nia’s bags and led them into a giant, high-ceilinged lobby with marble floors and tall pillars. Another fountain stood in the center of the lobby, beneath a huge, domed skylight.
“The spell won’t last long if you take my blood unwillingly,” Tony hissed up at Obadiah, gritting his teeth so as not to cry out. By design, they had chosen a room where nobody would be able to hear what was going on inside – and even if he did manage to bring someone running to his aid, he didn’t know what Obadiah would do to them if they came. He was alone in this.
It’s an odd name for a demigod—
Tony paused, and Steve hoped desperately that Tony would not make him repeat himself. The force of the hope was so overwhelming, he felt a little lightheaded with it.
The ceremony continued around them, the rest of the graduates marching down the stairs just in front of them, and a few moments later, it was over, and they were playing the recessional march.
He declined to call out, not certain he wanted to meet whomever had pulled him from the wreck of the carriage and put him in here.
What?
Nia bit her lip. “No,” she said. “I wouldn’t do it. I’m making them choose for me.”
Natasha greeted Tony upon their arrival with her customary crushing hug, as well as an effusive kiss upon the lips, which was new. She gave him a sly look and then glanced at Bucky, who flushed quite charmingly. Tony grinned at the pair of them, perfectly happy to serve as a go-between for inappropriate public displays of affection. If he were astonishingly lucky, he might even be invi— no, he cut off the thought as he always did, not willing to even fantasize about something so precious. Natasha and Bucky were a perfectly flawless couple, and they certainly did not need him interfering in their dynamic any more than he already did.
This was dangerous. Tony was dangerous.
She wanted to shout at her father: didn’t he notice, didn’t he see? Wasn’t this the point of UNITY? Wasn’t the global government intended to make everyone more
fought long and hard against your
“It’s worse than that,” Pepper muttered. She lifted her head to look at Natasha. “In order to have planted someone disguised as Tony in that abandoned castle at the exact time you were going to be there…”
She slapped his shoulder. “We can break the spell just as easily at home as we can here.”
“Where’s Howard?” she asked.
Tony gritted his teeth. “You're wrong. Natasha will believe no such thing. Steve will not rest until he finds my body, dead or alive.”
Finally, Steve drew abreast of Sam, as close to the edge as they dared, and they peered over together into the ravine.
Howard's footsteps had padded over the carpet in the hall, and Nia had had no choice but to return to his office, lest she be spotted leaving, lest Howard discover that she'd been listening in.
“Nat!” Bucky whined from behind her, and his voice was deep and strong and masculine now, sounding as though it had finally stopped threatening a squeak whenever he became excited.
The song was drawing to a close, or perhaps Tony was simply drawing his own music to a stop, since the dance was not one Steve had ever heard before. The notes of the song became sweet and warm, encouraging the dancers to move closer, and Bucky glanced over at Tony—who only winked—before he leaned in to press a chaste, loving kiss to Natasha’s lips. The dance stopped with a trill, and Tony got up to bow ostentatiously. Natasha and Bucky gave him an obliging hand of applause, before they all seemed to notice Steve utterly still in tableau on the chaise. Apparently, Natasha and Bucky then seemed to swiftly decide they should abandon him to his fate.
Steve and Bucky returned a little later than they had been due, just over five weeks after Tony arrived at the castle. And Tony knew immediately that something was wrong with Steve. They all maintained their composure when the two young men rode into the castle courtyard, a large audience there simply because it was a highly public place. Natasha formally welcomed them both back to her home and invited them in for the afternoon meal. Tony grasped both of their arms in turn – but while Bucky gave Tony a pleased smile, Steve noticeably did not look him in the eye.
But Steve watched all of this as though from a great distance. If Stane, the traitor, had the amulet, what had he done with Tony? Tony had clearly arrived at the castle, and instead of Clint going to meet him, well, then what had Stane done to Clint? And if Stane had the amulet and one of Tony’s feathers, then Tony would have had to have transformed, without the lake to ease the pain…
“Found him!” Sam announced, giving Natasha a little bow, then waiting for Tony to acknowledge him to give him a bow too.
No. No, Steve would get him back. Neither Tony nor he were the type of men to take something like this without a fight. He knew Tony would be doing everything in his power to make it back home, wherever he was right now, and Steve swore upon the stars that he was going to fight to make his way to Tony and bring him home safe.
The guy… monster? Beast? He shuffled nervously and Tony kept staring in disbelief. Then the beast-man peered up at him with startlingly blue eyes and asked: “Are you scared?”
Tony blinks at him owlishly. “I like coffee.”
He recognized that feeling now, fluttering inside him when he was around Tony.
She touched a finger to the star, then looked in the mirror again. Her hands were trembling; it was almost time to go.
“It’s anaesthesia,” said a kind voice, one she recognized.
Bucky wasn’t so bad – Natasha spent a lot of time with Tony, but they only got to see each other once a year, so Tony thought that was only fair. But Natasha said that when Tony was gone, she spent almost all her time with Bucky and Steve. Tony figured out after one pointed conversation with Lord Fury that they had brought the two boys to the castle specifically to keep Natasha company when Tony wasn’t there, because he’d made her so happy the first time they met.
Almost as soon as their careening tumble began, one of the doors was cracked open by an impact with something hard and unforgiving, and both Tony and Bucky were hurled from the carriage as it made another flying turn down the mountainside. Tony had a brief second to miss Bucky’s sheltering arm around him after they were ripped apart by the force of their ejection, and then Tony lost track of the other man. Tony hit the wet mud of the ground almost face-first, his shoulder crunching against something solid and extremely painful.
Sam gave him a look that said very clearly he did not believe Steve’s ridiculous excuse, but he agreed to leave after saying appropriate goodbyes to the assembled royals.
“Yeah, I gotcha,” Jim said. He looked over at her, frowning, eyes thoughtful. “You gonna be okay?” he asked. “I mean, I don’t want to leave you--”
Jarvis appeared, having parked the car and removed his chauffeur's cap, the wing on his sleeve enough to mark him as support staff to a UNITY official. Then Miss Potts showed up, prim and lovely in her white hospital dress uniform, but Nia's parents were still nowhere to be seen. She saw Jim's parents and Carol's whole family, taking their seats in the section reserved for civvies, toward the back of the amphitheater benches. The crowd was filling in, a sea of blue school uniforms at the very front, just behind the UNITY officials in their darker blues.
“Because,” said the robotic man. “We’re not holding your daughter ransom. We’re holding her heart.”
Then his gaze fell to Tony and the smile felt suddenly like embers desperate to burst into flame. Tony was beautiful like this: smiling and watching his friends dance wildly around the small room instead of watching what his hands were doing on the keys. The sound of the harpsichord was cheery and bright, and Tony’s face was aglow, and Steve forgot momentarily why he had been avoiding him.
He was a very handsome man indeed and, more importantly, the omnipresent scowl that seemed to be widely associated with Loki was entirely absent from his face.
had been able to pick themselves up out of a drunken stupor.”
Nia was trembling, now; she ground her teeth into her lip. “I don’t have to listen to this,” she said quietly.
He turned to give Natasha a rather rakish grin. “I have been hungry, of late, for a noble quest.”
Knowing that Steve preferred to go last and decidedly without an audience, both Bucky and Sam jumped forward to greet Tony as well, crowding Natasha out of the way and ignoring her threats (she was grinning, so they were probably safe). Bucky was his usual very undignified self and poked interestedly at Tony’s new mustache, which led Tony to grin and pretend to bite at his finger. Sam clapped Tony warmly on the shoulders and exchanged some quiet words, and before Steve knew it they had all retreated.
There was one more room in the castle that was locked, and even with all the time he had Tony simply lacked the expertise to pick its ancient, complex lock. Without being able to access that last room, he had read every book, scroll, and carving in the place several times over, often losing himself in his escapism and only recalling his curse when the telltale fire started burning in his bones. Sometimes he would make it out to the water before the shift ended, sometimes he would not.
The musicians were playing Natasha’s favorite song, one that Tony had played on the harpsichord for her and Bucky to dance to many times, and Steve couldn’t help elbowing Bucky in the side with a grin. Bucky grumbled but couldn’t quite hold back a playful grin. They both perked up when, with a swell of the music, Natasha entered through her set of doors with Lord Fury at her side, and at the same time Tony entered through his with Lord Stane.
Howard walked to the whiskey decanter on the sideboard, reached for the top, then frowned back at Nia, and dropped his hand, coming to the sofa. He took off his dress coat and cap, the officer’s cap with its tiny wings etched over either ear, and sat, crossing one leg over his knee. He still didn’t make eye contact, still seemed a bit unfocused, and Nia realized he was mouthing something, maybe whispering to himself.
From the close quarters and flickering gem-light, Tony could see that the man was even taller than he had first imagined, with a long, sharp face and extremely high forehead. His long hair was not the more typical Asgardian gold or copper, but was instead very dark, perhaps even black against his pale skin. He was from the northern mountains of the foreign kingdom, then. Perhaps a supporter of the recently exiled prince, or even one of the rogue agents of Jötunheim.
“You are childish,” Tony snapped. “Naïve. You would really rather cling to your precious principles than risk some happiness?”
Ty’s expression went cold, stony, and he looked back and forth from the envelope to the Dean once more before he waved away the woman with the stars and
“Nee!” came the first shout, and a few heads looked up-- no, more than a few. Nearly all the figures on the beach stopped what they were doing and turned to see her.
“With all due respect, Mr. Stark,” General Ross argued back, “the technology would have been perfected if
“We deleted every instance of it,” Howard added. “You mustn’t tell anyone. Not Ty, not Jim, not any of your friends.”
Not when Loki told him that Steve had just married his dear childhood friend, Miss Sharon Carter, in the presence of all their friends and beloved.
Tony’s mood shifted to the very edge of control when he saw that.
“Yeah, but you don’t
Ah, well. Tony’s hardly going to argue. He supposes he can stand being outfoxed, just this once.
“Why?” Nia asked. She shivered, a chill running down her spine, and she reached up, grabbing at her hair, twisting it around her hand.
of UNITY haven’t gotten assignments?!”
“What?” Howard asked. “No, you’re not a child.”
And kisses with Tony. Nights with Tony, mornings at his side, in his arms. Evenings in front of a warm fire with nothing to do but enjoy each other’s presence.
It wasn’t an ordinary bed, of course-- it was a high platform, covered with-- as she’d assumed-- a clear plastic dome.
There were no witnesses to judge him for plunging his face forward into Steve’s furred chest, or for bringing his hands up under Steve’s cape to wrap around his back. Of course, Steve was so big around that Tony’s hands didn’t even come close to meeting in the middle, but that was okay. He was warm and fluffy, he smelled safe and familiar, and his heart beat in a solid, comforting drum against Tony’s cheek. Steve’s hands slipped down to hug Tony back, and it was great. So great.
"But what if we never--" Howard had started.
“Steve,” Tony said his name warmly, with no indication of noticing the sharp downward turn Steve’s thoughts had taken.
“I know my brother,” Thor snapped, now visibly upset. “And I know what he is capable of. If my brother wishes the throne of a kingdom, he will have to either do away with me or usurp it from another. Since he has already proven incapable of murdering me in cold blood, it seems he has set his sights on a new prize. There are many things he could do to King Anthony with his sorcerer’s abilities that would allow him to take Princess Natasha’s kingdom, whether by force or by treachery.”
“And…?”
“I'm sorry,” he muttered, the words sticking in his teeth.
Slowly, he opened his eyes. He was upon an enormous lake, glowing with the light of the dying afternoon sun and shimmering beautifully in the gentle breeze. To his side was a small, ancient castle ruin, which he could only assume was where he had been kept by Loki. The first thing he wondered was if Loki had lied, and he was in fact in the magical realm of Asgard. For everywhere he looked, he could see brilliant flashes of colors he had never seen before, and which he scarcely had a name for.
The next summer, Tony convinced everyone that he was very ill – by creating a special vest that went under his clothes and was filled with hot water, so he was always overheated, flushed and sweating. He lazed in bed almost the entire summer, reading and studying and pretending to take his medicine, telling himself that he did not miss Natasha at all. He made friends with the chamberlain’s daughter, who was a redhead like Natasha but very little like her in any other way. He really liked her nonetheless, and by the end of the summer they were fast friends. Rhodey liked her too, which was a feat in and of itself.
you say this?” Sam barked, alarmed. Thor spared a moment to look up at him with a crooked grin, while Loki rolled his eyes (pretty haughtily, for someone who was beginning to turn pink from the forearm pressed against his throat).
With a camera.
echoed through the pass, ricocheting off the rocky walls and down into the ravine beside them, along with a bright flash of light. Tony’s mind had briefly considered asking Bucky if he had seen anything from his perch up with the coachman, when the entire carriage skidded to the side.
“It’s just the truth,” Maria had answered.
Instead, she glared at the Dean, and said, “Fuck you.”
“And you, Steve,” Tony replied coolly, swallowing back a litany of increasingly pathetic questions. “If you will excuse me, Nat, I'm not hungry.”
Nia turned around and stuck her tongue out at Carol, who was lounging in the back seat. “Nah,” she said. “You guys go enjoy yourselves. Have some actually-good-sex in an actual bed or something.”
“He is alive,” Thor said, but his grim tone made it clear that it would not be true for much longer. “Do you have either of the amulets?”
Tony stared at him, as if that were the first time someone had asked him to challenge one of his father’s opinions. It may well have been. There was another long silence before some energy suffused back into Tony’s body, like he was taking it directly from the flames at his back. “Notes. Nothing not already in my head.”
They had spent almost the entire summer talking to each other, and now, when Tony was about to leave for almost a whole year, Steve could think of nothing to say. He looked up at Tony with what he hoped was an appropriately helpless and pleading expression. Tony always had words to say. But instead, Tony just reached out and dragged him into a hug. He was warm, and a little bit bony, but not nearly as bony as Steve. (Compared to Steve, of course, Tony was downright plump.)
He left the room without looking at anyone, feeling like a coward, but knowing little more than the overwhelming need to get away from Steve before he did something truly pitiable, like beg him to just say what Tony had done wrong now.
It was unmistakably Bucky lying on the ground; his hair far too short and light in color to be Tony’s, and his clothing too plain. Steve’s relief, however, gave way to a renewed panic when he saw how much blood there was on Bucky’s jerkin, and even his breeches. A moment later, Sam must have found no signs of spinal damage because he deftly levered his hands beneath Bucky’s shoulder, flipping him over.
“I thought we’d found full schematics in the Hydra laboratories,” said a woman in the front row.
“Suit yourself,” Tony shrugged. “Hey, wait, I want to introduce you to Jan. Bend over.”
And now Howard’s gaze finally met hers--  her own vision was blurred by tears, and she was squinting at him, but she could tell his eyes were on her.
“Shut him up,” Lord Fury barked before turning on the dais, looking coldly over to where the crowd had parted around Lord Stane as if he carried the plague.
He was taller than Tony, but not as tall as Steve. Nor was he built like a linebacker, but more like a quarterback with incredibly wide shoulders and a ridiculously narrow waist. He was white, and blond, and light-eyed, although it was just dark enough that Tony couldn’t make out the exact coloring.
And then she’d slowly realized that Jim and Carol were birds of a feather-- almost literally, the way they spent all their time talking about airplane maneuvers and the latest engines. Nia could join in the engineering parts of the conversations, talk about aerodynamics and design, but
As the visiting royals were about to be escorted to their guest rooms, the princess surprised everyone but her guardian, Lord Fury, and her nursemaid and personal guard, Lady Hill—who were already well aware of her independent streak—by stepping carefully down the tall steps of the dais and approaching Prince Anthony. The prince appeared cowed as she stalked towards him, though he was almost twice her age and very nearly twice her height. He refrained from hiding behind his mother’s voluminous skirts, despite twitching helplessly in her direction.
Steve beams and draws alongside Tony as they stride down the hectic New York street. “Terrified. But not so terrified that I needed to run over to your apartment in nothing but a
Ty beamed, his beautiful television-star grin. “Public relations,” he said. “Ladies and gents, I’m here on behalf of UNITY to answer any of your questions about the conference.”
Steve flushes lightly but shrugs without obvious shame. “I don’t do this much.”
No, Steve didn’t like him one bit, and not just because Natasha did like him.
Tony forced his body forward into Steve’s with more strength than Steve could muster in response, and the two of them collapsed backwards onto the chaise in a bit of an undignified pile. Once they had settled, Tony pulled back and stared down at Steve, half his weight on the floor and the other half sending shocks of pleasure through Steve’s entire body from where it pressed down along his stomach, and from Tony’s knee not quite touching in between his thighs. Tony’s mouth was flushed, wet from Steve’s questing tongue. His cheeks were dark, and his eyes darker still. Steve’s fingers had made a riot of his hair, and he was breathing heavily, almost a pant.
Tony’s hands bunched in the fabric of Steve’s jacket, his grip painfully tight and perfect. “Not your fault,
The noise came again, this time persisting until it caught on his vocal cords and became less of a croak, and more of a pained moan. Steve instantly grabbed Bucky’s hand while Natasha laid her palm on his chest, gesturing frantically for Sam to go fetch the doctor when he poked his head inside.
“Welcome back, Tony,” Bucky said happily into his ear, before pulling back and giving him a grin.
Nia nodded. She looked down, admiring her father’s elegant design, poring over his calculations. “I would have loved this,” she said, sadly. “Working on it for the right reasons. Why didn’t you ever-- you never
In spite of her globetrotting parents, Nia had rarely been away for more than a long weekend for anything but school trips, and those only required uniforms. Her parents went away to work, not for pleasure, and Nia’s only real vacations had been the few times Aunt Peggy had taken her to stay in a beach house out on the East End of Long Island on her summer breaks from school. Those required bathing suits and linen slacks, maybe a skirt and blouse if they went out to dinner. She had no idea how to dress for business, and she was fairly certain she only owned one dress suitable for a cocktail party, and that was the one Carol had given her, that her parents didn’t know she owned and that was absolutely not regulation.
to neither of you being there, but this was the worst day of my
Even with there still being a chance that Steve was refusing to acknowledge Tony’s new behavior as the new Tony, he found himself convinced that Pepper was correct, and that the man he had just spoken to was not the Tony he had known. There had never been cruelty in Tony’s heart, and after even the short-lived passion of their last night together, there was really no arguing that Tony did not feel attraction to Steve.
"You're here," Howard had observed.
“We kind of actually are a couple, Steve,” Tony retorted, jogging a little to catch up.
She tightened her grip while Sam and Clint egged her on, digging her sharp fingers into the sensitive crook of his elbow. “Do you not find me enticing?”
“Steve…” Tony said, and the weakness of his voice made Steve’s teeth clench.
The camera shutter snapped even as dug her feet into the ground to stop from careening into the photographer. The heel of her boot caught on a rock, and she stumbled, steadying herself on a nearby chair, though her cap flew off her head and one of the pins holding her hair in place came loose, leaving her with hair in one eye.
“I love you too, Tony,” Pepper said quietly, firmly. Bucky echoed her, and even Clint and Sam said something Steve could not hear over the sound of the wind.
,” Sam insisted.
Steve shoved him fondly, peering around him to see that there was another door immediately behind the one Bucky had just opened, and that this one was already ajar. Behind it was another short hallway ending in a sharp turn. Bucky strode down to the turn confidently, disappearing into the room beyond, and Steve followed him curiously.
Tony half-turned to give him a grave look. “‘Painful’ is one word for it.” Then he jolted, and his gaze sharpened over Steve’s shoulder, to where Bucky had soundlessly retreated to give them space as Tony had sprinted out of the lake. Tony’s eyes went wide and a look of shattering hope spread over his face. “Bucky?” He blinked. “Bucky – you’re alive!”
Steve sighed and pushed the door open. Tony was over by the lit fireplace, pinning up sodden pieces of paper on a string stretched in front of it. When Tony saw who it was at the door, Steve prepared himself for yelling, for things being thrown, for anger of any kind – but instead, Tony hunched in on himself and gave his back to Steve.
Nia took the card, nodding, and read it over before sliding it into her pocket. “Thanks, Officer Knight.”
“Sure sure sure sure sure,” Tony rattled off, digging his fingers into the thick brown fur on Steve’s arm and giving him another tug. “Let’s go, already!”
No, instead of helping Steve escape, Tony had dragged him to a stupid party filled with people he barely knew, all of them complete strangers to Steve. And Steve hadn’t even had fun; he’d just sat in his armchair, probably thinking about all the things he could be doing instead—
“Hi,” Nia said. “I, uh...you know who I am.”  She shook Nancy’s hand, and watched Nancy tilt her head, consideringly. She noticed Nancy’s eyes, then, a startling green.
And, far worse, leaving Bucky behind might suggest to him that Steve valued him quantitatively less now than before, in the measure of one left arm.
Steve and didn’t
Maria sighed. “You’re eighteen; you should have cocktail dresses.”
He and Natasha might already be married.
Very dashing, if Tony did say so himself. The cape was navy, made of some sort of cheap, scratchy fabric that Steve promised he couldn’t feel through his fur. It swept from his shoulders to his knees, ending at about the level of the khaki pants Tony had stolen from Rhodey after Steve kicked up a fuss about
“The creek,” Natasha said sharply, and Steve was out the door a second later.
“Top Secret Things,” Tony sniffs, picking at the hem of his sweatshirt.
Thor and Clint switched places so that Clint was up keeping a look out with Sam, while Thor was down in the dungeon using his mighty warhammer to break apart Tony’s chains. The welded shackle would have to wait until they were in the village or, preferably, home in Kingstown, but that would be up to Tony whether he wanted it off now or after he got home.
She and Clint shot him surprised glances, and Thor’s jaw clenched. “If my brother is involved in this, I will do everything within my power to find him and return your betrothed to you, if I have to find Loki and drag him back to Asgard myself. And even if Loki is not the one you seek…”
Thor went utterly pale. “I received word of the attack of which you speak, but I was not aware it was perpetrated by a magic user… you believe my brother to be responsible for the deaths of the noble Stark family?”
Natasha was there as usual when his carriage drew near, waiting for him just inside the castle wall. She broke into a smile when she saw him get out of the carriage, and Tony had just enough time to notice that Lord Fury was nowhere to be seen before she struck his front and wrapped her arms tightly around him.
"Oh?" Nia asked, and it felt as if the capsule against her chest became a little bit warmer at Nancy's admission.
She went from uncomprehending to angry in a matter of moments. Her hands felt hot; her cheeks flushed. She pressed her fists into her thighs.
