Pepper had given Steve multiple dire warnings about Tony's mood swings and bouts of futile depression; it was best, she'd told him, just to let him ride it out.  Also, she mentioned, she watered down all the alcohol during the month of March, as a precaution.
"James.  Write it in your notebook, okay?  Wanda and I are trying to make plans," said Pietro, without looking up.
Steve had not realized how close he and Banksy had become.  Banksy, social butterfly, had so many friends he probably couldn't even name all of them.  But now, he'd only asked for thee people: Danielle, Donner, and Steve.
He sighed and then glanced up at his mate. The edges of his lips twitched up in the hint of a smile. "You
Someone fired in response but their round went wild, and someone else shot something much bigger and hit a car, which erupted into flames.  The stand-off dissolved as quickly as it had begun, but dissolved into a hysterical mess of smoke.  Half of them were blind and deaf; the others couldn't see further than their own arm because of the smoke.
"Oh, yes, very much," said Peggy without missing a beat.  "But he was funny, too, and quite a charmer."
"Please, I wanna cum on Captain America's face, I wanna do it while you're all knotted up for me--"  Tony was literally panting. "I want Tiberius to watch, I want to fuck your mouth, I want you to call me by your other Alpha's name--"  Tony was discovering a lot of weird desires he wasn't consciously aware he had. At least he hadn't mentioned-- "I wanna call you Pepper, I want you to put one of your dildos in me--"
"Are you sure?" he asked, not wanting to overreact just yet.  But his question was answered a split second later to a cheer from the crowd across the room, a cheer that could only mean one thing.
One of Trey's brothers busied himself with making drinks for all of them. "You do know I can't get drunk, right?" Steve said, trying to make it a joke. Trey grinned.
"Can you grab me some water?  I have a sneaking suspicion I'm going to be wicked hungover tomorrow."
Steve almost smiled when Tony accused him of copying him. But the other stuff was pretty serious. "The difference with the collar shop was that I was supposed to be okay with that. It was a calm environment, no oppression to be seen. Sure, that Kitty girl was wearing a collar, but it's for a job.  That's different. This conference...I don't have to be okay with it. I know we're turning up in collars, following the rules...but there's no real rules about how an omega should and shouldn't behave, is there? It's just expected. I'm not here to fight with these people. I don't want to just be a rowdy omega and shove it in their face. I want them to see us
"No, my dad sold me.  I had two older brothers who were Alphas.  Dad was an Alpha and Mom was a beta. Dad figured she'd cheated and they broke up and everything over that.  They
The Alpha took his chin and tilted it up to look at his face.  He kept his eyes averted. During his seven years with Gideon, they'd only made eye contact a handful of times.  It was considered disrespectful for an omega to look at an Alpha like that.
And then Steve laughed. It was a happy, amused sound. "I just realised..." He wheezed a little. "We forgot to use protection. Oh my God, we're so bad at this."
He had to admit a very small part of him was disappointed.  But he wasn't surprised. Steve's aversion to collars, to having something touching his neck, especially after being force-bonded... Tony didn't like shit on his wrists.  He understood perfectly why Steve was reacting like this.
. That was Karpov, wasn't it? Fuck. Steve's hands shook a little. Bucky was so confused, so alone. He didn't understand anything. Did he think the war was still going? Oh god. How broken was he? What had they done to him...? Steve wanted to kill HYDRA. He wanted to
"I'm paying him to wash the car.  He doesn't speak much English. I found him outside of the gas station down the block.  But he got that I'm giving him
In a way, Tony felt that the mark on Steve's neck was a punishment to him for being such a shit Alpha.  And he was willing to accept that and move on. He kept reminding himself that Steve was alive and they were talking again and that was all that mattered.
Steve suddenly cried out, feeling a spasm in his stomach. He curled in on himself. Someone must have hit him hard there. He frowned, the adrenaline coursing through him as he sat back here. "Fuck. Okay. When do we-
Several people were sidled up to Steve adoringly.  Tony felt another pang of jealousy. He wasn't built like Steve, no, but he was
"Steve," hissed Tony, tugging on Steve's arm.  "We gotta keep an eye on Trickshot... and how're we gonna break this to Clint?"
Tony put up his hands, too.  He didn't hear Rhodey's words, just saw the hands go up, a small, glowing RT node in each palm.  Two repulsors.  Each with the power of a small jet engine.
"Of course, SHIELD wants you under observation for your future heats, until we can confirm your safety.  Sorry, Agent Rogers. I've requested to be assigned to that detail. Thought it might be a little less embarrassing for you if it were me."
, at first, if you haven't before. But you'll soon get used to it. Our collars don't just look good; they're all designed to have maximized comfort."
With that, he wrenched open the door of the car and dove inside, yanking Steve after him.  The media went insane, shouting questions at them, swarming the car.  Natasha turned in her seat to glare at him; Tony stared back, straight-faced.
"More or less than you?" demanded Tony.  He considered Natasha to be an eight. It was a rude question but Tony had needed an answer, and Natasha, also an Alpha, could appreciate Tony's concerns.
, which featured the titular Boswell Mackabee interviewing politicians and singers and athletes and also usually included a couple of entertaining skits.  Its lighthearted title didn't do it justice. Boswell Mackabee liked interviewing politicians and he did so ruthlessly. When the show had first aired, he'd been young, wearing brown suits and a thick pair of glasses.  Boswell Mackabee was now in his seventies and his hair was grey, but he still had the heavy glasses and was as sharp as ever.
Steve let out quiet little whines with every roll of Tony's hips. His grip on the other's shoulders loosened, his nails leaving faint crescent shapes in their retreat. One leg fell down by Tony's side, no longer curled around him. Steve felt fuzzy and was only distantly ware of his own erection.
Steve and Natasha were still talking; Tony was flicking through files on his computer as quickly as JARVIS could provide them, trying to get more information.  The Barnes brats, as Tony thought of them, were named George and Susan.  Boring, common names for boring, common people.  Probably not HYDRA plants.  Tony was disappointed; he'd thought for a moment that he had single-handedly solved the mystery of Steve's strange feeling of connection to the Winter Soldier, an assassin he'd never even met, and the reason why Steve associated his smell with that of his first mate's.
He reached up and placed a hand on Steve's jaw, gently turning his head and brushing their lips together.
Tony slipped his arms behind his head, staring at the ceiling, the room illuminated by the glow from his chest.  The thin white t-shirt he was in did little to muffle its light.
Tony was basically asleep in his lap by the time anything interesting happened in the movie.  Steve was about three quarters of the way through the movie and a girl was sobbing directly at the camera and he was... getting freaked out. This movie was creepier than he'd anticipated and watching all the characters on screen argue about a map to the point of aggression was unnerving. And all the running around in the night and creepy witch offerings.
She didn't say anything else, because Banksy came bouncing over.  "STEVE!" he shrieked, throwing his arms around Steve. "I was looking all over for you!  Well, of course, first I went to check out the flowers... I notice mine and Boswell's weren't up for sale.  Did Tony kill it or are we that special? OH! Boz isn't here, he was feeling a bit under the weather. But I got everyone from SA together!  You already know Danielle, of course, and here's Wendy Germaine and Remi St. Laurent... Ty didn't come, he didn't want to make anyone feel uncomfortable in close quarters..."
"These waffles are dry," Steve said, staring down at the plate with what seemed to be genuine concern.
, okay?  And I know I went to go get him. But I don't abandon people I care about, I can't do it- no matter how fucked up in they head they are. But that doesn't mean I'm in love with him or nothing. I'm here and I'm in love with
He and Jorge shook hands.  Steve liked interacting with a beta.  It was refreshing to be around someone who was unstatused.
Donner felt a hot prickling in his eyes.  No, he wasn't bonded now. Gideon had given him up.  He still had Gideon's mark on his neck but it meant nothing; he was alone, couldn't feel his Alpha, couldn't feel Giddy, who he'd grown used to feeling during the day.  It was a useful thing, a bond, because he knew when Giddy had a bad day and needed him to be extra-good, to make his favorite meal or rub his shoulders. And he knew when Giddy was in a good mood and Donner could ask favors or deliver bad news.  He was tuned to his Alpha's needs and his life revolved around making their home a haven. He wondered how Gideon was doing without him and his heart ached. He missed Giddy.
Tony groaned, turning back toward the stairs.  "I'm still gonna wear my chucks!" he yelled down at Pepper.
When Tony rolled onto his side and put an arm around Steve, he was all too aware of the tense muscles and wiry sinew under him.
He had already given the psych eval a lot of thought and had decided that the most important thing was to coach himself to remember that, no matter what happened, it wasn't real.  Tony had taken plenty of drugs recreationally and he felt that if he could power through the initial fall down the rabbit hole, he'd be fine.  The danger came in forgetting that it was only a simulation.  But Tony had gotten good at lucidly dreaming; it was one of the best ways to control his nightmares.  Two years of practice had made it so that at least half the time, Tony could realize when something wasn't real; that knowledge was invaluable in the middle of an unconscious flashback.  That knowledge was often the difference between waking up screaming and waking up feeling merely unsettled.
Tony, as usual, seemed completely unaware of the luxuriousness of his surroundings.  He flopped into a leather seat, concentrating on his phone.  He'd really let his e-mail go; there were hundreds of unread messages.  He was deleting things at random; if it was important, he figured, they'd e-mail him a second time.
Tony clung to Steve's body and followed her and the others out of the cargo hold into the sharp, hazy sunlight of a hot Yemen afternoon.
"Sorry.  I have a delivery for Captain Rogers?" she said, holding up two orchids in one arm and a vase of white tulips in the other.
Steve shot straight up at the sound of a voice to see a woman in the doorway. A beta with brown hair and dark eyes. She looked a little stern, especially with the way she was looking at him.
He might have whined but his self-control was too high for that. He got the sense he hadn't completed his objective, hadn't pleased Steve even though he'd followed his orders.  It sounded like the old mission (get out of the cell and away from videotaping) was being replaced with something entirely different (fight HYDRA).
Tony considered Steve's question for a moment before answering.  "Yes and no. It... it's still you. It's subtle. It's still Steve, though.  You're still my omega. I'll get used to it. It's not a bad smell, just... different, is all.  But still you, and that's the most important thing. That you're alive and in one piece and you're back."  He kissed Steve's skin again, then glanced at the back of his neck.
Steve blinked away slowly. He'd been so deeply asleep that the landing hadn't even woke him. Huh. So much for good survival instincts. Steve smiled at the feeling of Tony's hand in his hair and looked up at him sleepily. "Hey," he murmured and reached hand up, his thumb swiping close to the chafed, swollen red skin around Tony's eyes. Yes, those omegas in the crowd had been products of their situation but that most certainly did not excuse attacking Tony.
"I think Aria's having a lie-in for Christmas," Steve murmured as he slowly picked at pieces of waffle. His appetite had lulled. Everything had lulled really. Steve seemed sleepy despite the fact he'd been awake for an hour. It wasn't a bad thing. He almost enjoyed this feeling of doziness. "Very well deserved.  So... are we having a day of Christmas movies? Because apparently they're a thing and I've not seen a single one."
Steve leaned his head against Bucky's shoulder as he cried silently, unsure what comfort he could offer him beyond this. When the other asked about his arm again, he wanted to cry himself.
"I... I got you something," Steve whispered. "I wanted to apologise. I... I should have called you, to let you know what was happening. But I didn't because I was annoyed and I shouldn't have been punishing you for that."
He moved to lie down, staring up at the ceiling. His neck didn't even hurt despite it brushing against the bed sheets. Steve smiled. Progress.
"Yeah, yeah, a scan," agreed Tony distantly.  "Makes sense, find out if- wait, what?" Natasha's words hit him.  "Scar tissue?  What scar tissue?  ...in his brain or something?  ...is that what's wrong, does Steve have a head injury?"
she'd yelled, which was true, although Tony had pointed out that he'd aimed the oven away from the door and that unless you stepped directly in front of it, you were unlikely to get fried. It didn't matter.  He'd been in a ton of trouble. Dinner had been Chinese food and Tony was sent upstairs without getting to have any
Tony sat on the edge of the bed, unable to comfort Steve properly.  He put a hand on his shoulder but that was it. He couldn't fucking believe this.
"Bit early for drinking, isn't it?" asked Rhodey, nodding at the wine.  "Tony's not rubbing off on you, is he?"
Come on, of all the nights to be drunk, tonight's the night," protested Tony.  "Besides, I'm not asking to be allowed to drive down Sunset Boulevard. I'm asking to share an intimate moment with my mate.  We're on a beach at night, in Malibu... this is one of the most romantic places in the world, on one of the most romantic days of the year... you know I love you, right?  ...did you make a resolution? I did. I'm gonna... I'm gonna be a better Alpha to you, Steve. No. Sorry. Not a better Alpha. A better
Steve smashed the little ceramic pot that the orchid had been in.  He picked up a chip and crushed it like it was a beetle; Tony let out another noise of protest and grabbed his hand.
When Tony woke, it was because Steve was trying to extricate himself from the bed.  Steve was good at a lot of things, but being sneaky wasn't one of them. His size made that impossible, and when he got out of the bed, Tony noticed.
"Captain?  Captain, what's going on?  You guys need backup?" Sam's voice was coming in through Steve's comm but it was being ignored.
Steve looked up and Tony realized, too late, that it wasn't Steve.  It also wasn't one of the HYDRA guys. It was some guy in a black suit, a heavy belt on, bristling with knives and guns and ropes and tasers.  On his chest were eight dark red lines, a cross and an X, and through the smoke, Tony got a whiff of unbonded omega.
But... he couldn't. Tony couldn't join the Avengers then. How could Steve lead a man, order him around, if he'd let said man have his wicked way with him? No. No way. Steve could hear the sound of a scuffle outside but backed away to the other side of his cabin, making his scent as weak as possible as he pressed against the opposite wall.
He started looking into making a charity about cracking down on omegas being sold and traded. A few already existed and Steve reached out to them, wondering if he should join in with one of them. One responded to him within and an hour and before Steve knew it he was at a charity gala the next week.
"молчать, солдат," said a familiar voice.  He relaxed the tiniest bit, waiting for orders.  An explanation would be furnished eventually, when they were ready to give it to him.  He tried to flex some feeling into his left hand but wasn't sure if his hand was responding.  Around him, people were talking.  All Alphas.  Powerful men who, presumably, knew what was going on and would take care of him.  He felt groggy, like he was only just waking up after a long, long sleep; his brain was full of static.  He had a very vague idea that, recently, someone, someone familiar, had called out to him.
Tony walked out of the bedroom, tie slung over his shoulders.  DeSoto hurried over and began tying it for him with a look of intense concentration.  Despite all his faults, one thing was for sure: he was a hell of a lot better at ties than either Steve or Tony was.
"Why don't we go sit in the living room, get comfortable. This might take a while," Maria suggested. She had a recording device and a tablet to presumably take notes on. It was slowly sinking in just how serious this all was.
"You know, there's so many things in that sentence that freak me out...I don't know where to start."
"They didn't. Oh my God, they didn't!" Steve fisted a hand in his hair and groaned. "JARVIS!  Call Tony down here!"
He caught Tony's hand reflexively, his hand a blur. He squeezed firmly, but didn't hurt him as he promptly backed Tony up against the fridge. Just because he could. "What's the magic word?" Steve asked, smile and expression serenely innocent despite the fact that Tony's arm was pinned against the fridge.
Pepper walked into the bathroom and came back with some bandages.  "Give me your hand," she demanded.
he's an omega.  You can't even go trick-or-treating.  But that's okay because we have our own lake too and Dad put fish in it and one time he
He'd lost Bucky to Karpov the minute the man had walked in. Even more reason for Steve to end him. Right now he was by himself. And he might have to fight Bucky if the other was given orders to hurt him. He would have moved to stand up but he also didn't want to embarrass himself.
"  Tony's voice caught in his throat.  He took another gulp of the whiskey.  "--his posture was all wrong, limp. Steve-- Steve kneels
Tony let Steve run his fingers over the arc reactor for a few moments before he slowly eased off of Steve.  They weren't knotted; they'd been fucking for hours and Steve was loose, Tony flaccid. He made to stand and discovered his legs were shaking with the effort.
"He left 'cause of me.  He didn't feel appreciated.  He was jealous of Pepper. It's my fault," said Tony, staring down at his hands.
"Question.  Can I ask questions about this, uh, very idealistic, progressive little group?" Asked Tony, breaking the silence.
chance of impregnation because, if you look at the cloaca again, you'll see it curves up dorsally.  Gravity is pulling all that junk down. You squirt up, and omega's hole is facing down, and now you've ruined your bedsheets!  Which is why, if you're really trying, here's what
"Sometimes waiting is part of the process," Steve breathed. "And I'm so sorry." He grinned and leaned down, their noses just brushing. "You have my sincerest apologies, for 'ruining' you. But..." he ducked his head down, whispering in Tony's ear. "You certainly ruined
again, I will hit you." Even though it was sort of a threat, there was a hint of a smile on his face.
Tony frowned a little at the mention of Natasha.  If he had been asked to describe the person he would least like to witness his innermost fears, he would probably say a powerful female redhead.  It wasn't that he was insecure... exactly... but still, he didn't know Natasha well and she was a strong Alpha and Tony didn't want her to see him vulnerable.
Steve shook his head. "I... I don't know. He said it as justified because of what I'd said before, about Donner... but I never meant it! I just wanted to show Donner how gross he was. I didn't mean I'd ever actually do anything for him.  I don't negotiate with terrorists; I don't trade lives like that. I didn't--" He was tearing up a little again, but not crying properly. Phil leaned forward and put a hand his knee.
Steve lay on the floor, shivering, mumbling; Pepper and Maria Hill had grabbed Louis and were going over the ample contracts they had all signed for the interview, all too aware of how bad Steve's current state was and how it would look on camera.  His publicist, usually on top of non-disclosures, watched as Dr. Gleason depressed the plunger on a second syringe of sedative.
"...yeah!  Yeah, People!" said Steve, seizing on Tony's suggestion immediately.  The truth was, Steve felt guilty. They'd told him not to come out in the forties for the same reasons Fury had. But what if Steve had? Would he have made a difference today? Could he have made things better for omega rights? He had a feeling he could have. But he hadn't. Steve had done nothing because a load of beats and Alphas had warned him it would be a lot of 'hassle.'
"No, no, the-- I'm sorry, Dr. Thompson, but it sounds like your child isn't eligible for our program."
"Do we have to?" Steve said.  He sounded like he was a child wanting to skip church on a Sunday, not cutting off a man's arm.
"...what, you don't like it?" murmured Tony as Steve accused him of being bossy.  He wrapped his arms around Steve.  "...you're a good boy," he whispered, softly.  "So obedient.  So good."
"A representative from Louisiana, one of the shooting guards for the Chicago Bulls, and Carson Daly."
Back at the Triumph, Rhodey was trying to make small talk to put Donner at ease, but it was tough.  Donner refused to make eye contact and had virtually nothing to talk about because he'd done nothing but keep house for seven years.  He had remarkably few interests or hobbies; he followed a few shows but aside from that, Rhodey had never met a person with less of a personality.  Clearly, in the last seven years, Gideon hadn't had many conversations with his omega, at least not two-sided ones.
It seemed the world wasn't willing to give them a break however, as the door bell rang only moments later. Steve swallowed.
"I think for Nat and Clint it's different. Like I said, all they know is the work. The fight. Natasha probably kills a few men a week, I imagine that helps her deal with a lot of stress. Their protectiveness makes them stronger, honestly. It means they'll always be there for each other when it counts. It means they understand each other better than anyone else. Every strength comes with a weakness, but I think the former outweighs the latter.
He rose unsteadily, looking around the dim, empty lab.  The technicians were gone.  Tony reached a shaky hand up to run through his hair. No more electrodes, either.
Tony was getting his usual gooey look he got when he talked machines.  He ran a hand over the spoiler with a loving caress, then grabbed the fob and pushed.  The doors opened upward instead of out, Tony slipped into the passenger's seat with a grin.  "C'mon!  It's 2010, Steve.  No special licenses for omegas anymore.  You're free to drive McLarens and Bugattis and Teslas and Lambos and Astons.  My toys are your toys.  Now let's go, I'm hungry."
Outside it was already dusk.  The sun sat low on the western horizon, lighting up the ocean.  Tony pulled out a pair of sunglasses with his unoccupied hand and slipped them on.
Steve wandered back and Tony waved him over.  "Look, Steve, the wonder twins have our vacation all ready for us."
. No, that's an awful idea, JARVIS!  ...I'm really sorry, Steve, seriously. Pepper doesn't care, she's caught me doing all sorts of awful stuff, I mean, I'm kind of... renowned for being a pervert.  It's not like everyone doesn't know. I mean... you're an omega... there's nothing to be embarrassed about.  It's just sex.  She's won't let anyone know.  She's my best friend."  Tony caressed Steve's arms soothingly.  "And, Steve?  I don't... I don't have a lot of friends- you know that, but... but the ones I have, they're your friends, too, now.  I don't want you to feel... like you said, isolated.  I mean, I don't want to get a dog, but... but you know, you can talk to me, or to any of my inner circle, Pepper, Happy, Rhodey, and... we're... well, we're not from the forties, obviously, but we're your family now, and if there's anything I can do to make you feel better, excluding getting a dog or telling JARVIS to tell Pepper our roles were reversed, y'know... I wanna do it for you. I want you to be happy... want you to be comfortable."
"But you're right. We need to find out. I don't even know why, or understand how there's a 'market' for taken omegas. From everything I've seen so far... it doesn't make sense. Our 'to-do-list' is getting longer every minute we stay here. And we came here to find out everything we could, didn't we?  So... go get him," Steve said, and gently punched Tony's arm, even though he very much wanted this to be over and done with already.
By the time they left the spa, Tony was feeling sleepy with relaxation, not to mention tipsy (he'd had five martinis) and more than a little hungry.
"Oh.  Well, whatever, still.  She's down there and you guys are both, y'know, stand-up omega role models."  Tony nosed Steve's throat. "We can't hang out under a bed all night." He took a deep, shaky breath.  It was almost ten; he only had to hold his shit together for another two or three hours. He'd have a few drinks, and he'd be fine.
"Merry Christmas," echoed the soldier vaguely, turning the pack of cigarettes over in his hands.  "...Pietro?"
"I'm going outside for a smoke!" announced Tony loudly, turning and rushing as quickly as he could through the crowd toward the pool deck.
The reason for their abrupt reconciliation following that call from Maria was apparent now.  Steve's body was dumping pheromones into the air and Tony was an insatiable, lustful mess.
like this, not in ten years.  Pepper was at a loss as to what to do..  She'd seen him drunk, high, hallucinating, feverish, in the midst of a panic attack... but through all of it, Tony had never actually cried.  In one decade, she'd seen him cry only once, three months after his return from Afghanistan.  It was unnerving, to say the least.  She tried to talk to him, to find out what the hell was going on; their last phone call had been baffling, with Tony saying he had a new arc reactor and was pair-bonded to Steve, but no matter what questions she asked, Tony just sobbed his eyes out like the world was ending.
Steve grunted at the effort. It felt weird standing up. Tony wasn't heavy but as Steve moved the other's knot shifted inside of him. Steve was quickly blushing again. "This is so weird," he said and headed towards the bedroom because he could. Steve had to pause in the bedroom doorway though, a hand on the side, to gather himself up before he made it into bed.
Steve purred at the praise as he tilted his head into Tony's touch, mouth sinking down further onto his fingers in the process. He was barely coherent enough to speak now anyway and it felt good to have something in his mouth.
"Me and Pietro and the girl stayed at motels a lot," offered Bucky as they turned toward a garage, rolling down the window and tossing out his phone.  Motels were good because most of them accepted cash. However, Bucky had no cash. But he could obtain some if Steve directed him to. "Don't you worry about Tony, Steve,
Aria cut in again.  "It was open admission.  Anyone could buy a plate.  Since all the proceeds go directly to charity, we didn't bar anyone.  If they had money to spend, they were more than welcome to come. So, yes, there are some... Alpha-oriented reporters."
Barnes smiled.  "...would you like to get a coffee?" he asked, because he had learned this was an excellent way to get people alone to interrogate them.
Tony's mouth was hot and wet against his neck. Fortunately no 'flash backs' came to mind. There was no hazy memory trying to push its way through. It was just him and Tony. They were alone. Steve was here for him.
"Is that a bad choice?  I heard it and I liked it and I thought it was a good choice," said Steve, looking anxious.  "I mean, I asked JARVIS and I Googled it and it seemed okay."
It was nice, seeing everyone together like this. The minute after midnight celebrations Steve was getting outside and getting himself to the beach. He deserved to go outside, even if it was a little antisocial. Steve had been cooped up for far too long and he was desperate to just see the outdoors and breathe some fresh air.
"...and book Pepper and Aria a vacation.  Maybe somewhere in France or Italy, somewhere they can get away.  Slap together an itinerary. They need a break."
Why hadn't he come sooner?  Why hadn't be been able to magically locate Steve using their bond before... before Gideon did that?  So much had happened in the last twenty-four hours but Tony was still partially feral, driven to the very brink by his aggressive need to protect.  He felt like he had failed. Like he should have been able to have stopped it.
Tony paced back and forth on the other side of the room like a caged tiger, clearly taking a vicious amount of enjoyment out of watching Sitwell get choked.  Natasha loosened up a little to let him talk.
"They always ask such stupid questions, don't they?" sighed Irshad quietly. "Not, oh how are you going to make the world a better place? Or, how do you feel about climate change?"
Automatically, his brain had categorized the group.  Of eight people (including himself), there were five men and three women, six Alphas and two betas, and he was the third most dominant.  (Of course, if you discounted the betas, his ranking was three of six. But that was still pretty good.)
"Maybe," Natasha hummed and she went quiet for a short while. "I'm so sorry Steve. I didn't know. Are you okay?"
"Just try not to think about it right now Steve. There's nothing you can do right this minute," Aria assured him. But Steve didn't look convinced.
!"  The last word was more growl than anything; Tony strained, burying himself up to the base, his whole body spasming.  His and Steve's chests were pressed together and he could feel Steve's partial erection on his stomach but found it strangely erotic even though he'd never really been one for men.  Steve's scent was like its own sexual experience all by itself and Tony found his face buried against Steve's neck, huffing him, licking his skin, lost for a few seconds in the feral pleasure of mating.
The roar of the crowd reminded Steve of the sea, the noise like a tidal wave as it washed over them as they stepped out of the car. It was overwhelming but Steve mentally promised himself he could handle his- he
He sat up.  "Lemme wash you," he said with sudden earnestness.  He put a gentle hand to the back of Steve's neck and tugged him forward, brushing wet locks of blond hair off his forehead.  He studied Steve's face intently, memorizing every feature.  No fucking way he was going to let them send Steve alone on any "real missions."  Granted, Steve was a soldier and Tony was, strictly speaking, a rich, spoiled businessman... but Tony felt like he'd already demonstrating some fantastic grace under pressure.  Hell, the Vanko thing alone was surely enough for him to get in, right?
When Tony reached out for him he slunk away playfully, now naked as he got under the spray of the shower, his expression mischievous.
"No, no, dude, it was 2002," said Lola. "Donny's twenty-six and he was bonded the day after his seventeen birthday, so it was 2002.  C'mon, Abby, you were there, it was the same year as the bonding--"
He had to watch the fight from the sidelines with Pepper grabbing his arm like a vice again. At least Steve had gotten the suit out there, given Tony a fighting chance. That had been worth the risk of having his cover blown and/or dying.
"Clearly, you're mistaken.  If he were dead, there would be no live signal to pick up in the first place.  Death severs the bond.  You can't access a person's feelings if they're dead."
"You're amazing... oh my God, yes..." moaned Tony as Steve took the knot, barely getting it in and out, panting and whimpering a little every time Tony stretched him out.  Tony arched desperately, wanting to bury himself in deeper, wanting more of Steve; his calloused hands grasped Steve's hips instinctively even though it was clear that Steve didn't need any help.  He was moving on top of Tony hard and fast and Tony's length was wonderfully slick with his fluids; feeling himself sliding in and out of Steve, watching Steve writhe and moan and tense on top of him was, in Tony's mind, easily the hottest thing he'd ever seen.  Despite the scented bath he could smell Steve's arousal; his body was tuned to it, wanting to give the omega everything he wanted and more, and Steve's body language and his pheromones were making it clear that what he wanted was to be fucked as much as possible.
come up with that terrible title, you can blame the event coordinator for that one.  I wanted to call it Sex with Rex-- Rex here's my omega, say hi, Rex--" A chipper-looking omega standing behind him waved.  "--but they vetoed that right out the window, so here we are. Is everyone in the right place? If you don't want to hear about sex, you're definitely in the wrong place..."
"We want to able to mourn our dead, and avenge them, on our own terms," said T'Chaka calmly.  "I find your desires sympathetic and understandable. But we do not have any need for Iron Man, or Captain America.  Wakanda has her own defenders."
He kissed Steve on the cheek and gave his hand a squeeze, silently reassuring himself that, regardless of what the headlines read in the morning, it would be worth it to go to the Expo to see Pepper and to show off Steve and to rub Justin Hammer's
"I mean...I'm not opposed to the idea. Maybe not in the same context as last time," Steve murmured and curled into Tony's touch, resting his cheek against the other's chest. The edge of the arc reactor was cold against his cheekbone but he didn't mind it much. It felt good to feel Tony's chest rising up and down and the steady beat of his heart underneath. Although it was slowly beginning to accelerate as he felt and heard Tony getting distressed. Steve just moved to curl his arms around him and whisper sweet nothings in his ear, stroking his mate's hair until he eventually drifted off to sleep.
"...people like to talk.  I'm kinda used to it," Tony added with a purposeful nonchalance.  He looked away, still holding Steve's hands.  "I mean.  Yeah.  Our relationship is... weird.  You don't have to worry.  Mostly, people think I'm the asshole and you're just, you know... a poor smitten omega.  That's maybe the one benefit you get from being an omega.  Even people who don't like our bond still like
Pepper looked up and made eye contact with him, blinking.  Her gaze softened as she reached up to fix his hair. (Tony had, in a very short amount of time, managed to get it messy again, even though he'd done nothing more than jog down the stairs.)  "Tony. I want to spend Christmas Eve with my family this year. And you should spend it with yours."
"Lunch sounds good," Steve hummed, closing his eyes as Tony leaned in. He squeezed their fingers together briefly. Sometimes he didn't appreciate who wonderfully calming an influence Tony could have on him. He let the other lead them back toward the hotel.
He watched the shape of Tony's shoulders move as he checked himself in the bathroom mirror. Steve was aware how technical the other could get whilst preening; Tony liked a very tidy goatee. Steve was glad he couldn't really grow a full beard; he would never have that sort of patience. On average, omegas had less facial hair and less hair in...
"Hi, Rhodey. It's Steve. Tony's here too." Steve ran a hand over his face as he spoke, feeling far too somber. "We need to ask favour."
There a bruise blossoming on his neck by his gland. It wasn't a huge one but it was a nasty shade of purple. Steve caught Aria staring at it and he just shook his head at her.
Steve kept popping grapes between Tony's lips before he finally reached for an apple and a knife and started to slice that too.
Yinsen had died at the end of April.  April 26th, if Tony recalled correctly.  He had named the last week of April his Afghanistanniversary and for some reason it didn't bother him nearly as much as it should have.  Perhaps because that was one of the few times in his life he felt he'd truly taken responsibility for something, faced it head on. Dealt with it like a man and an Alpha.
kneel; men of all stations would be unified under a singular, totalitarian utopia.  One in which men of elevated minds (like Karpov) would dictate their actions, and men like Yasic and the soldier would be happy, mindless automatons, dedicated to service and production.  To Karpov, that was a beautiful idea.
There was an uncomfortable, pregnant pause.  Tony's eyes widened.  "Nooo!  ...really?!  That's hilarious!  Rogers, why didn't you employ the Barton technique?  I would have totally joined up if I knew--"
"It's kind of been a relief," Steve admitted softly and leant his head on top of Tony's. "It felt kind of pointless. Like... being alive. All my friends are dead or can't remember me properly." His heart ached when he thought of Peggy. "This was all so screwed up, you know? It didn't feel like I belonged here. Everything had changed too much here. I couldn't find my place.  But this...with you." Steve sighed quietly, contently. His eyes slipped shut. "It makes sense. It means that I was supposed to be here for a reason. That I didn't end up here for nothing. It was worth it- nearly dying was worth it."
"...hey," he said softly when Steve inched in.  It struck Tony, not for the first or last time, how strangely intimate their relationship had become.  He had never been this close to literally anyone else in his entire life, not even Pepper. He had bonded Steve out of pure instinct, without thinking of the long-term implications of a lifetime partnership.  Without realizing that, for the rest of his life, he would have another person to share his defeats and triumphs with.
Without any warning, Tony dove, touched the bottom, then surfaced again, shaking out his hair aggressively.  Without any product, and soaking wet, the ends of it came into his eyes.
As they sat down at a table draped with a white cloth, Tony groped for Steve's hand under the table.  He picked his way miserably through a salad, barely eating.  How could he?  He was occupied with keeping himself under control.  Not an easy task.  Steve's words kept floating up like ghosts, and with them came all the questions.  Who had shot Steve?  Who had shot Fury?  How could Bucky be alive?  How could Steve have been--
it to get infected.  The throbbing mark was a memory burned into flesh, a memory of helplessness and humiliation and pain.  His father had been right about everything.  He was a soft, weak, entitled brat.  He didn't deserve his station, didn't deserve to be an Alpha.  He'd fought, but it hadn't mattered.  He hadn't been strong enough.
mean he had to enjoy his company.  On a personal level, Tony was awful to work with.  Even Pepper had already apologized a few times; he was not, she assured Steve, normally so combative with people.  She didn't understand why he was acting like this, she said.  He was often a jerk but rarely cruel.
On stage, Steve was reconsidering the decision to fight Vanko.  Maybe Steve should have listened to Tony when he told him all of his suits would be stronger than him; one punch from its metal arm sent Steve flying.
The little salute made Steve roll his eyes fondly. He let Tony push him back, his head landing in the ridiculous amount of pillows. He parted his legs for Tony and smiled. "Spread how far?" He was teasing him, one hand moving down to run through Tony's hair. "Because I learned yesterday the serum made me pretty flexible." He'd known before that he could do the splits, but that was about all he'd been aware of. They didn't have stuff like yoga around back in the forties, especially out in a war zone.
Happy watched Pepper go admiringly, clearly impressed by her usual unflappability and command of the situation, and then sat on the sofa next to Tiberius.  As a beta, there was nothing at all amiss about Stone, not in the slightest. The eerie smell that clung to him was one only Alphas and omegas could sense, and Steve supposed he was lucky, in that regard, because no matter how hard you tried to ignore it, it really was grotesque.  Like talking to someone who had a disfiguring birthmark or something on their face.
Lowenstein and two other attorneys showed up, looking as shocked as everyone else that Pepper, all 114 pounds of her, was holding Donner in her arms.
Steve made it three minutes before it felt like his lungs were going to burst and he had to rise up. It was useful information and he logged it away just in case he ever find himself situation which meant he'd be stuck under water for so long. The water felt good and he didn't really want to leave it. He knew he'd pissed Tony off, he could feel it. But Steve wasn't going to regret being honest with him...he couldn't just pretend everything was okay when it wasn't. He wasn't going to enjoy watching Tony slow destroy his own liver.
He waved to Steve when he saw him; Steve was being dragged to the cantina by Judy, being orbited by a contingency of admiring fans.
"We...we don't do threesomes," he told her. Although, for a heat, it kind of made more sense. It meant once person wouldn't half kill themselves by keeping the omega satisfied alone. But not right now. Steve patted her arm. "I'm sure you'll find someone great."
"No, over a misplaced sense of Alpha machismo," said Banksy, hooking arms with Donner.  "They're equal in dominance so every time they cross paths they have to try to figure out who's on top."
"No, no, in theory, you could impregnate an omega with a turkey baster!  Knotting is just more fun," said Richard, grinning, and the audience laughed.
No. He wasn't dreaming.  He was definitely awake.  It was early, pre-dawn, but despite only having slept for a few hours, he felt wide awake.
When they stepped into the room the first thing Steve noticed was that there was no Alphas. It was mostly women and betas. He was one of three omegas in the room. "The class is very much full of suburban moms," Aria warned him in a whisper. "In case you couldn't tell."
. "They told him to take me and he stopped. I fought him and then he stopped. He knew my mom's name... then they put something in the cage. I dunno. It was in the air. That's the last thing I remember."
He curled into Tony's touch on instinct as an arm snaked around his back, and fell into a truly deep sleep.
Steve eventually pulled off of him and then rolled onto his front, half sprawled across Tony's chest like this. "We really need to make it to a bed next time," Steve mumbled, Brooklyn accent creeping back. "Do you wanna have a bath?"
"I'm...I'm so sorry Tony. That I called them," he whispered. "I don't know why I did that. I think I'm a pretty terrible omega too."
A few of the older omegas, like Jessica, sent Steve and Tony thank yous. Jessica sent it in the form of a bunch of flowers, all deep purples and blues. Other omegas from all over the states sent them cards and wrote letters that made Steve cry.
"We can't get food right now, Buck," Steve breathed, his gaze eventually drifting over to Bucky. He looked good, or at least, better than he had in the HYDRA base. The serum meant it was hard to tell if someone was really malnourished or not, although Steve did spot bags under his eyes.
"If you don't wanna be an Avenger, then obviously I can't make you," Steve said gently. "And you'd have to follow my lead, Tony, and I'm not sure how you'd feel about that exactly..." he stretched his legs along the length of his couch. "My job isn't to judge people on their past, Tony. It's about the present. Natasha and Clint have pretty dodgy histories, too...for the record. But they're focusing on what they can do for the world, not what they've already done for it...
"You two are bonded.  You ought to be able to.  I don't think Sitwell can give us any more intel than we've already got," said Phil.
He didn't want to leave immediately or even reveal his real name immediately; if Chantelle and Tom were hanging around the lobby or had decided to grab a drink at the hotel bar, and saw them trying to leave, they'd be in big trouble.  He didn't plan to make a break for it until after midnight. He was hoping to spend that time talking with Donner, but it was like pulling teeth to get words out of him; Donner perched on the edge of the bed, eyes down, sipping water, everything about him radiating uncertainty.  It was sad. Rhodey wasn't sure how to delicately inform Donner that this was a rescue mission with Steve at the head of it, especially since Donner didn't seem overly fond of Steve.
"It's okay Steve. You don't wanna go into heat in a hospital." They really didn't. A number of doctors were often Alphas. And nursing was a popular profession for omegas. It would be chaos. "And I'll have the others by then."
"I can't just show you here Tony. We have to leave the house. In which case, we both need to get changed. And you definitely need to shower. And brush your teeth. I want them to have a good first impression of you."
It would be nice to think Tony had some kind of support. Steve had a therapist now, and Gleason, too; who did Tony have? He needed other Alphas who understood his predicament.  Steve had trouble sympathizing with Tony's constant obsession with things like dominance hierarchies.
Tony had dropped it.  The idea of Jarvis and his father being pair-bonded disgusted him.  As far as he was concerned, Jarvis was just the help, a loyal butler who occasionally had to take a few personal days to cope with his heats.  He didn't like thinking of him as an omega or considering that his fidelity had anything to do with some other relationship with Howard.
"Donner will probably be okay to go home tomorrow evening. He's been fantastic," Richard said, even sounding a little tired himself as he put a clip over the umbilical cord.
He took Tony's arm and they moved onto the dance floor, slipping through the couples as a new song started. Steve let Tony lead, curling one hand over his shoulder.
"I love drawing people," Steve breathed. "Especially people that matter. You draw things you thing you're afraid of losing, or at least, that's what Clint says. I just tell him he's being a soppy bastard," he said with a soft laugh, blue eyes glinting a little at the memory. Clint had thrown an arrow at him and Steve had ducked- the arrow then hitting Phil in the back of the head. He hadn't been impressed.
Wanda's brow furrowed and she made the same crushing motion with her hands, as if crumpling up a ball of paper.  Her muscles quivered with effort; between her hands, sparks of red electricity crackled.
Tony regarded Steve wearily.  Talking emotions took a lot out of him.  Steve was trembling slightly under his touch, eyes glazed, sitting quietly with his hands in his lap.  His head had tilted very, very slightly, giving Tony easier access to the spot behind his ear where the gland was.  Tony rolled his thumb over it, putting enough pressure on it to keep Steve quiet.
"...Steve, I work as a publicist in Southern California," said Aria with a hint of exasperation in her voice.  She steered the conversation, expertly, away from herself. "I'm more worried about Stark's drinking. That man had a problem.  I had a chat with his ex, Beth. She's great. ...but Tony's addiction problems, those seem like they're pretty far-reaching. So.  Your anniversary. Virginia and I were thinking somewhere in Europe. What do you think?"
He got to his feet and scooped Steve into his arms.  The gesture was automatic. If he hadn't been wearing the suit, it probably would have been disastrous, but with the suit, it was easy to cradle him.
"Mmmm... good boy... so juicy..." teased Tony.  Steve was arching, whimpering almost continuously, and a quick, lazy glance up showed Tony what he would have known without looking; Steve was rock-hard, his cock weeping precum, and his hips kept twitching, seeking either something to go inside him or something to put himself inside of.
"I wouldn't let you do anything I didn't want," Steve pointed out calmly. He could have pushed Tony off easily at any point...but he hadn't.  "Heat?" He echoed with a frown. "What...? No. I won't have one for months now, I just had one Tony...you know that." So why would Tony ask? Was he confused? Didn't he know how heats worked?  "It kind of feels like we want each other despite all that," Steve said carefully and then stood, going to fetch Tony a glass of water. He pressed the chilly, wet glass into the other's hand when he returned, their fingers brushing briefly before he stepped away, giving the Alpha space. Steve wasn't usually so forward but he was sick of lying-- and he figured after everything he owed it to Tony to be honest.
Steve was only half-aware of the exchange that was going on. Steve could hear Tony's voice and his heart ached. Fuck, why wouldn't his vision stop spinning? He wasn't getting enough oxygen; he was feeling woozy...
"Jesus Christ, give us a break!" snapped Tony, all too aware that Steve was still feeling the affect-effects of his panic attack.  Attempts to calm Steve down by reassuring him that they could cancel and didn't have to attend the conference had been ineffective; in fact, they'd pretty much worked Steve up even more.
"It's safe," said Rhodey, his voice soft.  "It's safe to come, Donner. No one will hurt you anymore.  There are good omegas on the other side who want to help you out."
It was common knowledge that omegas in the forties hadn't been treated much better than livestock.  For Steve, growing up during the Depression, having a single mother... he was damned lucky he hadn't ended up being sold.  Sure,
That had been more or less the cornerstone of their relationship in the '30s and '40s.  Bucky protecting Steve.  Bucky arriving when he needed to.
They had evening entertainment before poker. A famous singer, and then some dodgier sounding rooms, and finally... a casino, which would be set up mainly for card games. Alphas loved to compete, after all.
for it. Steve whimpered as they found themselves locked into a kiss, eyes slipping shut as noses and teeth nudged together in a messy and hard kiss that longed for something more. Steve panted as Tony pulled away, his body trembling with a need to please. A need to be full of his alpha. It was the only thing that would ground him, would make him feel whole.
A butler of some sort greeted him whilst Happy took the car away. "Are you quite alright, Captain Rogers?" he asked, perfectly polite. He was an Alpha, mated, dressed in a clean pressed white suit. Steve thought he looked silly. But he wasn't looking at Steve with alarm, more concern.
"...maybe Fury's lost it.  This little walk down memory lane isn't helpful at all.  I don't think I'm going to make any ground-breaking discoveries watching Dad try to--" began Tony, but he stopped short.
being Chantelle, a bossy beta woman who always wore a power suit, and her assistant, Tom, who was also a beta. They told him what to do; they introduced him to Alphas and led him away from them. They made him stay nights with them; they told him not to complain, to be polite, dutiful and obedient. And he was, because he was performing for his life right now. One wrong move and he knew that he could end up somewhere far worse.
"You can't go.  ...Steve. Steve, they gotta send someone else.  Why aren't they sending me? They can't send you, you're... busy," protested Tony.  A corner of his upper lip was twitching. "It's too dangerous, you can't go to a HYDRA base, they tried to kidnap you, they
," said Tony, gripping her arm and pulling her toward the stairs to the shop.  He stopped and wheeled around, pointing to Steve.  "You.  Bed.  I want you to rest.  ...and take your shield."
"Well, they didn't have that procedure in his day," said Pepper patiently.  "Steve is fine, Tony, and so is Tiberius. He's a very big name in omega rights now, which you'd know if you ever bothered to read anything other than stocks and tech news.  What's done is done, okay? We don't cry over spilled milk in this house. Now pull yourself together and go take a nap. I'm going to need your signature on about half of these forms."  She gestured to the stack of papers before them.
"Kerry, you should follow up with Turner's school and see if you can get a scenting with the omegas... see what the arrangements look like," said Brent.  "Be one of their
Tony reached out and put a hand on his arm.  "I'm sorry, Ty. I should've done something, I should've called or--"
"With all due respect, Captain, we've got a hell of a lot more of an idea about what we're dealing with now than folks did seventy years ago."
Tony woke up half-hard again, Steve's scent in his nose but the unmistakable taste of Juicy Fruit in his mouth and a searing headache behind his eyes.
It made Steve feel a little better to think about the fact that they were usually too drunk to do anything. But then Donner was bet away for
At the front of the room, Steve focused very hard on not looking drunk (whatever that really meant).
He was blushing, definitely. Steve could feel how hot his cheeks were. And all the alcohol wasn't helping with that, either.
Tony had been around plenty of omegas right before and right after heats, but had only ever been around a single omega in full heat.  Jarvis had holed himself away in his father's study whenever he was in heat, but Tony remembered the first time he'd been near him after puberty.  If he recalled correctly, he'd somehow ended up dislocating his own shoulder trying to impress him.  Not his proudest moment.  After that, he'd avoided Jarvis, hating the confusion he'd felt during those times.
Steve was quiet for a while and lifted a hand to rub at his face, perhaps even rubbing away tears. He sniffed. "That's...I think that's the sweetest thing you've ever said to me," he whispered and a strange, warm sensation tugged at his chest. And he didn't mean that in a bad way; he wasn't implying that Tony should have said all that sooner. It just meant a hell of a lot that he was saying it now. Steve moved to sit up, leaning his arms on his knees as he ran his fingers through his hair.
They still had ten minutes. That was plenty of time... well, they could drink coffee in the car. Steve hoped he didn't look like he'd just been screwed by his Alpha. He checked himself in the mirror a little worriedly. Problem was he
The moment had been broken and the magic was gone now.  Steve's eyes were pleading with him, but it could be another trick.
Tony let out a strangled sound of pleasure as Steve's tongue roaming over the sensitive under flesh of his cock.  He squirmed, his head brushing over the ridges of the top of Steve's mouth, Steve's lips exploring his shaft.
"...chicken pox scars," said Tony, a little too quickly.  "I got it late in life- I lived a sheltered childhood.  What'd you care, those are old scars, just ignore 'em."  His eyes narrowed at Dr. Martin as she picked up Steve's bandaged hand.
"Uh-huh.  Most of us change our names to the one our Alpha gives us, but Trickshot wouldn't do it.  He wouldn't. He and Alpha fought about that a lot, because you have to sign the paper yourself, and Tricky wouldn't even though Alpha wanted to.  But he came with his name, his horseshoe name, I mean, he and his brother already got named by the man who sold Trickshot, but Trickshot wasn't bonded yet."  (DeSoto said the last part quickly, as if he was worried that Tony might think Ron had bought Trickshot "used," because he already had a stupid nickname.)
Death was staring at his chest and babbling about him bleeding.  He looked down.  It had been a while and it was starting to heal.  The burns were taking longer than he'd expected, but most of the nicks his body had gotten in the initial attack were scabbed over.  His arc reactor glowed on.  He was a little surprised his arc reactor was still in his chest.  Was it going to come with him in death?
"You gonna tell me what's in it?" Steve asked after the handing the briefcase over. Fury gave him a dead-set look.
Wanda was curled up, arms still crossed over her chest.  "That's different! He's my brother! And at least he knocks!"
He'd just rounded a bend and was starting to think he had a fighting chance at actually holding his own when he saw it.  There was a person on the track.  Pit crew?  Tony couldn't tell, didn't have time to tell.  He didn't even have time to react.  The car in front of him was suddenly in two pieces, and then there was a massive, body-shaking crash.  Tony couldn't have said exactly what happened.  He saw the man, saw the car in front of him spin out, and he could've sworn that the guy flung something at him...but what the hell could he have done to stop a car going over two hundred, anyway?
He got up and started pacing.  He was halfway across the aisle when he stopped, lifting his head.  He'd caught a whiff of something tantalizing.  He wasn't sure what.  It made his mouth water.  It was a comforting smell, but also musky, sexy.  Oddly familiar.  It was the smell of a juicy steak when he was hungry and the smell of his bed when he was tired.
Steve flicked onto another picture of the Expo in flames and quickly skipped onto the next. "Thank you for bringing this to us, Natasha, really. It means a lot."
Sitwell let out an annoyed huff but complied as Steve began running his fingers through Tony's hair in a soothing manner, fingernails scratching across his scalp lightly. Tony's body trembled against his and made Steve's heart ache. He loved him. He understood him.
Who knew about Steve's other bond?  Pepper and Rhodey, who Tony trusted.  Fury, apparently, who Tony didn't trust one bit.  Natasha, who Tony felt threatened by and also found devastatingly attractive, which complicated matters.  Basically everyone at SHIELD.  Which Tony was trying to join.  Ugh.  Well... they were a super-secret spy agency, right?  They could keep a secret.  Maybe it would never leave SHIELD knowledge.  That wouldn't be so bad.
For some reason, the picture struck Tony as intimate and he immediately felt threatened by the smoking man, the "old friend."
They seemed to be past the worst of the crowd when a man jumped onto the car, a sign in hand that said something crude about omegas and knots. "Oh dear," Happy said, setting his shake down so he could turn on the windshield wipers.  One of the bodyguards snorted a little.
Tony looked sulkily over the crowd.  "...Dan really is gonna sue me. I don't think I can legally fire him for that... Pepper's gonna be mad," said Tony morosely. He gave Steve a sideways glance.  "I didn't know people renamed their omegas. I'm sorry I called you Sparky when we first met. I was just being a dick."
Tony got to his feet and staggered out of the shop.  He eased his way up the stairs, stiff from work but not as sore as he'd been in the aftermath of the fight at the expo, and made his way down the hall toward their bedroom.
"Love you, 'mega.  G'night," Tony breathed onto Steve's neck, relaxing against him, erection pressed into his thigh.
"...I see.  I'm still interested, though.  How about we arrange to meet Tuesday for a scenting and if I like him, I'll fork over five hundred?" offered George.  "...as a donation," he added quickly. "For you to give to the school."
The bored stifled a yawn, apparently unfazed by the going-ons around her. "So what's the deal with breakfast...?"
It occurred to Tony that neither he nor Steve had any real idea how to manage money.  Tony had always been too rich to bother, and Steve, too poor. No doubt Pepper was going to have a lot of angry questions for them tomorrow.  Hopefully, Steve's apology and fundraiser would help distract her.
"Oh," said Tony, who didn't look the slightest bit embarrassed.  "What do you call yourselves, then?"
Tony watched Steve undoing his belt with interest.  His shorts were so tight that they might as well have been painted on.
He stepped closer, hands tense by his sides, his shoulders a tight line. Was this real? Or was Steve full-on hallucinating now?  Was this a post-heat thing? Should he tell someone?
"...shut up, JARVIS.  Yes, remove it," snapped Tony.  He'd thought he'd told the AI to forget about that.  Sometimes JARVIS was too smart for his own good.
"What the hell is this?" One of the medics lifted up the chain that was still attached to his foot with wide eyes.
"Normally we wouldn't have to define said expectations so definitively but it's evident that Captain Rogers believes some forms of behaviour are appropriate when they are not."
He stopped in front of them and  slipped his hands into his back pockets. When he smiled it didn't quite meet his eyes.
"I think that counts as funny business," Steve mumbled, already half asleep himself. He was almost aroused by it, his body responding in turn but he didn't think he was quite ready for that yet. This...them cuddling. That was a big step for Steve in itself. The intimacy, the physical closeness, even the trust. If Tony carried on Steve probably wouldn't stop him, he wanted the Alpha to be happy. But he was tired and sleepy and when they did...
"Come, soldier, let's go.  Time for your medicine," said Karpov, rising, and the soldier rose with him, eager for it, forgetting all about the name of Stark and the blond omega in their cargo hold.
"Okay.  Okay, let's... hash this out," said Tony slowly.  "I have Jack.  You have Steve.  Hammer has... a bird, apparently.  Let's just agree to get the omegas, civilians, and birds somewhere safe, and then settle this like men.  Okay?  Deal?"
Everyone laughed, loudly.  Taylor threw an arm around Steve and pulled out her phone.  "Selfie!" she announced.
"I wish you'd lay off with your jealousy problems, though.  Sorry I like Pepper. Sorry I flirt at parties. Neither of those are secrets.  And neither of those is gonna change. Just deal with it, Steve. I always come home to you.  I haven't laid a finger on another person since we bonded. Seriously. Haven't touched one single boob.  But for some reason I'm supposed to be cool with you going off and just hanging out who-knows-where with your own Alpha?  If I took Pepper out like that, you'd flip! It's not fair, that's all I'm saying. Just 'cause I'm the weaker Alpha doesn't mean you gotta rub my nose in it."
Steve had let Tony fall asleep because he was pretty sure the drive to Camp Pendleton was a straight shot south, and anyways, tt was good to see Tony getting some rest. He needed it. He never got enough sleep. Steve often ran on five hours at a time... but that was with the serum. And he wasn't forty, not that he would ever actually pull the age card with Tony. That would be unfair.
Steve looked over at the roses. His chest felt strange. He moved to sit up with a grunt, his limbs stiff from being in a cage for four days.
Steve didn't like disturbing him. The lab was Tony's space and when he was working he never liked being interrupted. But Steve knew he hadn't eaten anything for far too many hours so took the pizza box downstairs.
Reminder that you have probably less than a month to subject naming ideas for parts 1-4 to win goodies.  Thanks to all of our fans for staying with us through this behemoth of a story.  We know it's long but we hope we make it worth every second of your time!
His whole body was quivering with the anticipation.  He wanted to create the perfect environment around them and then fuck Steve stupid in said environment.
He pulled out his phone to text Pepper and tell her to cancel all of the other appointments, knowing she'd be annoyed because setting up six private appointments with high-end jewelers in the same day was probably no small feat.
"I'm sorry to bother you, I just... can I get a picture?" said the girl who was hovering at their table.  She was an Alpha; she didn't look at Steve.
As the sound of the suits' jets faded into the night, a thick silence settled over the remains of the demolished central room.  The party guests, huddled in the driveway and on the edges of the devastation, didn't dare move.
The girl who had tried to get his attention earlier was back.  "Mr. Steve, your mate-- Pitbull-- and James-- and his mate-- he's in a fight!" she yelled.  Again, all Steve heard was a fractured babble about "James" and "your mate" and "fight."
to be here.  I worked my ass off to get here… and speaking of my ass, I’d really appreciate it if you kept your hands to yourself.”
"This isn't--" began Gleason, then gave up.  He dosed Wanda and then Pietro; Maria had flopped into a chair and was holding her head in her hands while Aria tried to comfort her.  Pepper had taken over phone duty and was trying to get SHIELD on the line. Gleason looked over at Ty, who was massaging his bruised knuckles.  "Tiberius? ...are you... okay?"
Bucky reached for his notebook and then strode toward the door.  He pulled it open, stepped outside, and slammed it behind him.
Then his face split into a smile, one that was incredibly charming and winning and that Steve and Pepper knew was completely and totally fake.  "Yeah, let's go have a holly-jolly interview, Stevie. You're my favorite ho-ho-homega." He tapped Steve on the nose with a nauseatingly level of cuteness.
"A kid asking to go to the doctor.  Now I've heard everything," said Clint, rolling his eyes.  "Cooper. Eat."
Steve moaned and threw his head back as Tony came inside of him and made him shudder, his back arching up as Tony spilled inside of him and filled his hole.  He was stretched out wonderfully, eyes fluttering shutter in please as Tony stroked him. Steve's fingers tugged on his hair as he came beneath him.
"I'm sorry," he repeated.  "I'm sorry about your baby.  I didn't know. I didn't mean to."  A pause. "You're bonded?" A half-question, half-statement.
"I was doing my my Masters on omega history, or well...the lack of it. And then you came out, and it was awesome! My entire thesis is about the Alpha myth surrounding you, and where it came from." The woman was named Jane; she was a beta with blonde hair and a terribly neat block fringe. She seemed oddly sweet.
He gently pulled away from Steve, threw on a robe, and went to get the door.  He opened it, squinting at the bright sunshine. It was brisk out. A rather excited-looking omega was standing there on the stone steps in a Domino's uniform, clutching a couple of boxes.
In the doorway, with Tony watching, Steve wrapped up his conversation with Phil.  "We should talk about this another time, maybe," Steve suggested, and Phil hummed in agreement. "Maybe have a poke around if you have the time; don't worry if you don't. I imagine you have a lot on your plate.  I'm gathering lots of intel here and I can relay it back to you later."
"No, no, no, that's way too much Cognac--" Tony was arguing with one of Trey's brothers about Sidecars again, clearly trying to save face after Brooke had embarrassed him.
"I'm totally wearing the hat," said Tony as one of the stage hands clipped a microphone to his shirt.  "Oh, that's not going to work, is that wireless? Sorry, the reactor's gonna scramble that..."
"Just read the report." Steve said quietly, all emotion devoid of his voice and then he walked out, feeling Natasha's hand on the small of his back briefly in comfort.
He didn't just want to join SHIELD for Steve's sake.  Realistically, he knew Iron Man would eventually have to link himself to a government agency.  The Senate hearings earlier in the year had proven that.  Rhodes had been warning him for the last two years that he was eventually going to start coming under some sort of regulatory body; Iron Man was too powerful to be in the hands of a single individual, no matter how pure their intentions.  And Tony had been trying to be held accountable ever since discovering what his weapons were capable of.  SHIELD ensued Iron Man would have government protection and that Tony would be able to keep operating without worrying about getting arrested for building bombs in his basement.
"JARVIS, get Charlie on the intercom," demanded Pepper.  Charlie was the pilot; Pepper needed to know how many more hours until they were off the plane.  She was sure once Tony had a few breaths of fresh air he would calm down and go back to being himself.
"Steve," said Rumlow, his voice stern and calm and authoritative.  "Please listen to me. You're in pre-heat and your heats are very intense due to the serum.  You're very emotional right now. I will answer all your questions but you need to calm down, alright?"
Donner slid down to the floor with Steve.  With both of them on their knees, Donner only came up to Steve's shoulder.
"Just... just me and Tony," said Rhodey.  "Maybe Sam," he added quickly, since Donner seemed to be uncomfortable with the idea of being around "Mr. Stark" and Rhodey.
"Well if you won't feed me then will you at least give me something so I can set my ankle?" Steve asked. The director smiled sickly.
Steve's words died on his tongue as Tony's finger pressed at the back of his neck and his brain went offline. He reached up a hand to try and push Tony away so he could speak again but his hand flopped back down in his lap before it got half way between them. His breath was hitched and his pupils were blown wide.
"JARVIS!  I want this whole place on lock-down!  No one comes in or out unless they're on the short list!" barked Tony.  "Call Ansell, Bateman, and Raj!  ...and the surgeon general, find out whoever that is and call him, too!  Pepper, come on, hurry up!"  Tony snatched a decanter of whiskey from the bar before loping down the stairs to the shop, dragging her with him.
Sitting on the edge of their bed, Steve stared at the shape of Tony's back and suddenly, under the sheets, he looked so small. Guilt was rushing off of Tony in waves but Steve didn't entirely know why. He didn't feel like it was a good time to probe, and Tony didn't feel like he wanted to share. "I'll wake you up at three.  Sleep well, Tony." He leaned over to kiss his shoulder and then pulled away.
Tony raised an eyebrow at this strange, unprofessional burst.  But he was preoccupied with the tinge of pain radiating from his chest.  He said nothing for the rest of the plane ride.  He couldn’t imagine Steve not feeling lucky.  Most people would kill to work for him.  And as for his comment… Tony was pretty sure he was just playing hard to get.  He was sure Steve would come around.  If not now, then during his next heat.  Tony took a small bit of vicious pleasure in knowing that he would deny him then; Tony tended to avoid omegas, unless they were on suppressants.
"Yep, all packed. For both of us, but no peeking in the suitcase, mister," Steve warned him playfully. "Tomorrow's your birthday, not today." He kissed Tony on the cheek and let him take the suitcase. It was just clothes, or mostly clothes... there was nothing heavy inside. Steve grabbed both their coats (it was England, after all) and followed Tony downstairs.
Surprisingly, it didn't hurt.  It should have. But Tony had already snapped himself closed, the way he used to when they grabbed his hair and shoved his head into a bucket of dirty slush and held him under.  The way he did when he realized he could no longer trust Obadiah, the way he did when he'd realized his arc reactor was poisoning him. Tony was very, very good at compartmentalizing.
It was a nonsense word but it hit him.  Hard.  Harder than anything that anyone had done to him all day.  He could deal with being kicked in the balls and having a knife plunged into his hip.  All of that was child's play.
"Yay," repeated Donner, dazed.  He clung to Steve and George's hands, panting softly.  "It-- it hurts."
Tony didn't respond.  He had quit for two reasons.  First, no one had given him tobacco in the cave.  Three months, cold-turkey.  That hadn't been his choice.  Second, the smell made him sick.  He associated cigars with two things: Obadiah, and Raza.
"Three, five, seven," continued Tony.  Gasp.  "Eleven.  Thirteen."  Gasp.  "Seventeen, nineteen, twenty-three, twenty-nine..."  He was shaking, his body tense from the stress.  He was gripping Steve's fingers.  These attacks always left him feeling like a wet cloth that had been wrung out, and afterwards, he always ended up passing out, exhausted.  He reached out shakily to put his arms around Steve.  Steve's warm, living, breathing body.  Steve was safe.  They were safe.
The chattering in the crowd died down as a man waltzed up to the lectern.  He had a heavy white beard and glasses and Tony nudged Steve. The guy was a total college professor stereotype.  Hell, if not for the glasses, he could have passed as Darwin himself.
Steve let out another high pitched sound as Tony tugged him closer with his hands around his thighs. The engineer's hands were warm and rough against sensitive skin and Steve didn't think he'd ever tire of the feeling. This...in a strange sense, this almost felt more intimate then when Tony fucked him. Steve had idly thought of Tony doing this before, imagining how good it would feel...but he'd had no idea it would feel
Tony opened the door and stepped out.  Compared to Los Angeles, New York in March was chilly; the ground was covered in a layer of packed ice and slush, giving the graveyard a demure look.  Tony picked his way through the crunchy layer of snow and led Steve across the yard, finally stopping.
"You just don't want me to be happy, do you?" Steve seethed and Fury had the audacity to roll his eyes.
"...not sure," said Hill flatly, digging through one of Tony's desk drawers and pulling out a gun already fitted with a silencer.  "As much as I'd love for SHIELD to come get us out of this one, if it's only two teenagers, I think we should go on the offensive. They won't be expecting it.  If I can bring the girl down, then it's game over. Once we neutralize them, Nick can come pick them up."
And there were Ellis and Tony, dressed in immaculate suits. They both fell quiet, their eyes falling on him.
Tony plopped down into his office chair; he had an impressively large desk with a vast array of monitors that looked like alien technology to Steve.  "JARVIS?  The records," he called, and on cue, JARVIS brought them up. Over a hundred recordings popped up on screen.
"Stark!" barked Phil.  He grabbed Tony's arm and half-pulled, half-dragged him over to the door.  "Go," he commanded.
A quick visit to Wikipedia and Tony had heard that the primary composition of spider silk was something called fibroin.  A visit to VWR Lab Supplies confirmed that the stuff was insanely expensive. The guy might just be purify his own, but still, he was probably burning through a ton of money buying small amounts of the protein and getting it into the solution for his webs.
Steve's talk of heats unnerved him.  He remembered Steve's last one- how desperately Tony had wanted him. Steve's smell had been like a drug and Tony had been out of control with desire; he'd been so finely tuned to it, able to smell Steve's sweat and the slickness between his thighs and he'd been willing to do nearly anything to have him.
"It's not," Steve assured him and moved to sit down tentatively on the bench next to him. "Look. I'm sorry but I'm going to blunt here. I was wondering if I could talk to you about conversion camps. I'm kind of looking into them at the moment."
Tony came up behind Steve.  Steve had fastened the collar and was examining it in the mirror.  His expression was unreadable, but Tony could feel his discomfort. He put his hands on Steve's biceps.  "Hey," he said quietly. "Steve, if you want to back out, we can, okay? We don't have to go to the conference.  If this is too much, that's okay."
George shot a look at Kerry, Steve, Brent, and Ian.  All of them were mouthing different numbers and holding up fingers.
. Feels good-- feels like--" Steve cut himself off with his own gasp, a quiet whine following. "I'm gonna--"
Steve was quiet for a moment. "I guess... I guess if we're being honest..." he began.  "The thing is... your Dad.  He was inappropriate, with his... hands, not just what he said. But he didn't want me. He just wanted Captain America... but you can't really have sex with a concept.  And I'm not a concept, Tony.  I'm a person.  I need you to treat me like that.  Like a person.  Not a trophy."
Tony elbowed him.  "Steve, snap out if it.  Come on, the average going price for those stupid flowers was like, two thousand, and we sold nearly nine hundred.  Do the math."
you-" Steve twisted around and kicked him in the jaw, breaking his neck and killing him. He wasn't sure if he'd intended to end him but he also didn't really care at that moment in time.
that won't work!"  Pietro's metabolism was such that most medications didn't.  Or at least, if they did, his body processed them so quickly that they had no lasting effect.  Pietro looked away glumly, knowing that Wanda was right.
"I think..." Steve's voice was quiet. "I think Phil and Clint cycle around New Year time.  I'll have to check with them. For missions Clint's often on suppressants so I think his are a little confused at the moment."
"Hi, Steve.  Congratulations," she said breezily, as if it weren't especially surprising that her neighbor was Captain America and that he was being flirted with in a garage by a rather disheveled-looking weapons designer.
He moved to tuck his face against the crook of Tony's shoulder. When he closed his eyes it felt like his vision was spinning so it was better to keep them open. Steve was semi-aware of his surroundings for the rest of the drive, curled into Tony's side the whole time.  Mostly he was surprised at himself.  Aria had warned him about celebrity culture but he hadn't realized how easy it was to get sucked in; he'd thought she had been exaggerating.  He hadn't been drunk since, what, '42, '43?  This was something else, for sure.  He was glad he hadn't taken the little candies Trey had given him.
Steve held the phone to his ear. "Seriously, who is this?" He asked. Still nothing. But Steve didn't hang up this time. He flicked the latch up and locked the door behind him. He slowly stepped into his living room.
"Absolutely none," Steve said, blinking. "Now they have special hostels and stuff, which is awesome. I wish we'd had them. Once during the war I had to go through a heat in an old broken down pub in France. The only reason I was left alone was because Timothy Dugan guarded the door with a shotgun. Men like him proved that Alphas could goddamn control themselves if they want to.  Dum-Dum was a real Alpha.  A real man.  He was-- really--"  He reached up to wipe his eyes.
The fact that Bucky remembered the name Hanley’s meant something though and Steve felt a fuzzy sensation in his chest. ...but they'd have to work on the term 'horseshoe.'  Like 'Negro,' it was hopelessly outdated, and just as Steve had had to relearn the terminology to describe people's demographics, so would Bucky.
A better mate.  What you said, about not caring about me being dominant... if that's true... well... yeah."  He nuzzled Steve's neck, hanging off his arm.
With horror, Tony realized what this must seem like from DeSoto's fucked up point of view.  Tony had been acting more and more Alphaish, hanging out with other Alphas, and Steve was clearly mis-behaved...
"...oh, man," breathed Tony quietly, slowly moving the toy in and out.  It came out wet; Steve whimpered above him. "Hold on, baby... hold on, I'll get you your knot soon..."  He didn't want to just shove it in. Besides, it was so much fun to watch Steve squirm.
"Stark Industries always had a pretty open attitude, historically," said Tony with a small shrug.  "It's not that Dad was a raging liberal or anything  He just believed in hiring the best candidate for a job, regardless of what they were.  You know, he went into business with Stane in the forties, and Stane was Jewish... Everyone thought that was weird, at the time.  But Dad didn't care.  He said Stane was one of the smartest businessmen he'd ever met and he would have been a fool not to partner up with him."
Laughing, Pitbull's crew tugged him away, and several omegas grabbed Tony to separate them.  Tony's hackles were spiked and wouldn't go down; he was too wound up.
Tony had briefly considered asking Pepper to hover over them during their next heat, but he knew his emotions toward her were too complicated.  He had precious few people in his life that he trusted to be around him and Steve in heat; he'd come to think of Steve's heats as "their" heats.  It was a tricky thing, heats... it left them unusually vulnerable, something Tony disliked being.
Tony smiled down at him and reached out to card his fingers through his hair.  "Yeah. You got it. Breakfast in bed for my favorite omega.  One omelette, coming right up. You just rest, okay?  You earned it."
Tony ignored her.  He was stalking toward the back of the plane, toward that scent.  It was beckoning him, calling his name, he was certain of it.  Nothing mattered but following it.  To hell with palladium and Vanko and arc reactors and journalists and everything else.  Tony's priority list had shifted dramatically.  He
He settled down onto the bed next to Steve, content to lose himself in the mind-numbing viewing of the television.  Thinking about real life was just too hard at the moment. The mark on the back of Steve's neck and all the fucking press it would generate... plus all of the lousy senate hearings and shit they would have to go to over the next month or two...
He and Tony were both rolling around outside, throwing drunken punches and clawing at each other's clothes and hair.  A small group was watching and filming it on their phones, giggling. The two were rolling around dangerously close to the edge of the pool; sure enough, they suddenly fell in, and yanked apart, sputtering.
Pietro and Wanda looked at each other and nodded; Pietro strode over to the stairs, looking up, then down.  "I think this is the garage," he said, loping down. He was rewarded with a small landing without any decorations at all.  There was a pane of frosted glass that he couldn't see though, and a keypad. He gave the door a test-yank anyway.
He and Pepper rushed down to the racetrack, but by the time they got to the sidelines it was too late. The cars were lining up and Tony was in one of them and a countdown was starting. Steve heard Pepper swearing next to him and she gripped his arm tightly, her nails digging into the flesh of his forearm. It hurt but Steve didn't complain. "He's going to be okay, Pepper," Steve said, more to comfort her than anything else.
As Steve opened his first present Tiberius brought over the cake. It was caramel with a banana cheese cream icing on top. It smelt and looked amazing. "Chose well, right?" Aria grinned.
None of the three of them had enough experience or knowledge to realize that putting a heavily pregnant omega into an enclosed area with pair in heat, both of them dripping with pheromones, was a sure-fire way to induce labor.  Even if not for the extreme amount of pheromones in the air, the stress of seeing Gideon and Steve probably would have done it.
Tony had the presence of mind not to lay down on Steve, but he couldn't bear to let him go.  He remained clutching Steve to him, oblivious to nurse's pleas that he needed to let go.
Steve woke with a start when he heard the front door of his apartment open and close. There was no force. Someone had a key. He frowned and sat up in bed. "Tony..." He whispered and nudged the Alpha's shoulder. "Tony, wake up."
"What were you hoping to accomplish, exactly?  You said you felt untouchable. Does that mean you didn't think you were in danger?  What was the goal you had in mind when you called HYDRA?"
The audience laughed; so did Banksy.  "Seven months, has it already been seven months?  That's just fantastic. I guess time flies when you're having fun.  Are you two having fun? How's the bonded life been treating you?"
The Winter Soldier hissed.  His shoulder had caught them.  Fortunately it was his left shoulder; four pinged off but two others had hit their mark, and it hurt.
"...are you serious?  That's a rule? How is that a rule?  What if he gets cold?" demanded Tony, who was pretty sure she was making it up.
"Too risky?  For who, the asset?  Who cares?  We're retiring the program anywhere.  His last act might as well be to help us get Rogers.  Then we can restart the program... without any of the speed bumps from last time.  Zola's approximation of the serum was good, but it was never even close to Stark's."
"No.  It's definitely not normal," said Rhodes.  He strode across the lab and hovered over Tony.  The contrast between them-- Rhodes in a crisp blue uniform, Tony in sweatpants-- was striking.  "Hey, buddy.  It's me."
, Steve wanted to say. But he just nodded and gave a somber swallow. "I'll be fine, V, honestly. I'm a big boy." Steve waved her off and reached for another bottle of water in the fridge.
Tony stared at Steve in confusion.  He was still feeling groggy from the simulation.  He didn't know what "ideas" Steve was talking about.  He hated being out of the loop, but on the other hand, he was scared to ask.  And Steve had said he didn't want to hear it.
A vulnerable part of him.  Tony's heart pounded a little harder, remembering, with sudden clarity, Vanko's phone call.  Alive.  How the hell could he be alive?  Tony had been notified that he'd died.  The frightening thing wasn't that he was alive, no.  It was that he was alive and capable of building arc reactors and suits that rivaled Tony's.  That sort of power was unyielding.  And Steve, for all the super-soldier strength and reflexes, was still a fleshy, organic human who could be easily hurt by a fusion-powered, weaponized prosthetic suit.  Between Vanko and the Winter Soldier, Tony was starting to wonder if his omega was cursed.
"Sorry," he blurted.  Goddammit.  This was the second time in two days he'd been unintentionally destructive.  Tony's type of destruction was normally much more conscious and purposeful.  "Sorry, I... it just.... fuck, Steve.  That makes me so goddamn angry.  I didn't know.  I didn't know that happened."
him?" Steve hissed and then threw Hammer to the floor before promptly turning to the reporter, kicking the glass of her camera, and shattering it. The woman shrieked in upset.  "Send me the bill." Steve said, dropping Tony onto the ground.  Tony crumpled; Steve offered him a hand up.
There was something terribly attractive about a scruffy-looking Tony who was sweaty and oily from work. Of course, he looked good in his three-piece suits but there was something more
At the first glide of Tony's cock against him Steve squirmed and let out a needy, pleased sound. He was already goddamn wet. He was turned on, he couldn't help it, his cock curving nicely against a short clad thigh. He was aware that Tony had had posters of Steve up since he was little, that this moment might well be fulfilling some kind of fantasy for him...Steve certainly understood the appeal of it.
Steve could listen to them bicker for an age. It was so easy to fade into the background, their squabbles years old and part of a world he couldn't really understand. He didn't even know what to say. The way Fred talked so casually about...
The back of his neck was beginning to itch as the blood dried. It felt uncomfortable and confusing. His bite mark before had been singular, a calling-- now it was mixed up with messages. He couldn't tell what was him, Bucky or... Tony.
anything. Everything I do with you is because I want to. The stuff we do in private, that's our business, not anyone else's.  ...I'm not sure I could ever deal with wearing a collar... I mean back in the forties I never did, couldn't afford one. Guess I lucked out there," Steve tried to joke but frowned briefly before looking back up. "But I don't want you to feel like you can't ask for things from me. You shouldn't be scared to, just like I'm not scared of saying no either."
"Well, that's omegas for you.  They're all very artsy and creative.  My Benny's like that, too," said the man, still trying to make peace.
He couldn't think of anyone else to ask about his feelings.  There was Rhodey, who was an Alpha, but the last time they'd spoken, Tony had thrown him through a wall.  He didn't have anyone else, except Steve himself, and he didn't want to ask Steve why he felt this way.  He didn't want to look foolish.  And what if he asked and then Steve admitted that Tony's feelings were one-sided?  It would literally kill him.
. "F-fuck..." he panted, eyes rolling back as he rocked his hips, riding his orgasm out lazily. "Tony... oh,
Tony sighed loudly with disappointment, but he followed, grabbing Steve a towel and watching him wrap it around his waist, studying the broadness of his shoulders and the outline of his pecs, his abs.  He was almost disappointed when Steve began dressing.  Almost.  But seeing Steve's clothes mixed into his closet was thrilling by itself.
" Steve said quietly and his eyes glazed over with a strange sense of fury. Maybe if it had been done by Bucky and only Bucky, it would have been different (Steve would certainly be more angry at
He took the long drive back home through the desert and along the beach, wanting to enjoy the view from his bike. The wind felt nice in his hair and he relished in the salty smell of the sea. When he got home Donner had ordered Chinese take-away for everyone. Aria told him about a guy she'd been on a date with. Within an hour Steve had forgotten all about the Tesseract and the way it
It felt good, though. When Tony said he respected him... Steve was almost surprised by how good it felt to just hear it. He didn't think he'd heard it from anyone but Phil since waking up, and Phil was obsessed with the legacy. Not really him. "And it's Friday," Steve added with a slight frown on his features. "Are you gonna be alright without a PA?" His tone was teasing but the concern was genuine.
"I love you too," Steve wheezed, eyes slightly unfocused. "B-but I understand that that means you don't have to love everything I do. I'm not happy with e-everything that I do, Tony. I'm not always p-proud of it. I'm not saying it's okay, I just... I don't want you to be disgusted by me. Ever. It hurts too much. It feels so
Tony reached out and ran a rough, calloused hand over Steve's thigh.  He tried to catch Steve's eye.  Get some sort of affirmation that, yes, Steve was on board, Steve wanted to be taken.  Because Tony had a weird idea, somehow, that this was more than just sex and that it meant something.  He wasn't sure what.  But whatever it was, it was big.  He knew it subconsciously.  On the surface, his thoughts were static; the smell of Steve's arousal and the blue of his eyes and the curves of his body had thrown a wrench into the inner workings of Tony's brain and he was surprised he was able to speak at all.
"I'm good. I'm good," Steve assured Beth with a half smile as they made it to the bottom of the stairs. She told him to drink water and patted him on the back before heading back out to the car. He looked down to see Happy half-carrying Tony up the stairs and his smile widened.  The sight was cute.
"Tony? Can I get the lights on in lab seven, please?" he whispered into his comm. "I need to intimidate some people."
Another military base speech and a few days later and Steve was packing for their trip to England whilst Tony was in his workshop. He was so engrossed in it he hadn't heard Tony coming up the stairs until he was in the doorway. Steve quickly shut the suitcase. "Nothing to see here," he told him, smiling a little despite himself. "Er...how's the suit going?"
Banksy paced a little, then began rambling again.  "He's in great health, really, he's very active, you know, he takes the stairs every day to the production office.  He's going to be fine, right? We caught it super early. When we came here he was holding my hand and looking right at me."  He looked from Danielle back to Steve, desperately.
Steve knew Tony had good aim even if the rest of his combat was currently more dubious. He pulled down his goggles. He was going to need them in a moment. "Aim for their legs," he told him in a whisper. Steve had to act quickly. Once they were in the cars they were screwed. Nick hadn't provided them with any kind of transport.
"No, no, I swear, I won't leave you alone, you're home, Steve, you're home in Malibu, not Kunar," babbled Tony.
Tony was aware, though, that Coulson was eyeing their hands, twisting together in Steve's lap.  And Tony couldn't help but feel a tinge of embarrassment at how hard he'd fallen after spending decades avoiding this very thing.
"...sorry.  What was I saying?  Oh right!  My century!  ...I hope you, y'know, like it here.  Even though it's probably weird for you," said Tony, nodding.  He looked back out the window to check on the car.  The couple that had been ogling it earlier was replaced by a waiter on his break.  Tony hoped he didn't touch it.  He looked like he was thinking of touching it.
, Steve thought. And he really wasn't. Bucky was exactly where he left him and he sure was hell was stuck where he was.  Steve tried not to think about it.  Whenever he thought of Bucky, eternally asleep, frozen in time, as he had been, he felt a deep, overwhelming sadness.
turning into your father, Tony.  You getting soft?  Getting into omega rights now?  ...wow, that is something.  ...that's cute.  Okay, I'll see you soon, buddy, at the Expo, right?  Put me in for a Saturday slot.  Thanks, Tony. Ciao!"
"You gonna try to recruit me again, Pop-Eye?  Because I'm booked for basically eternity, actually, I was just telling my assistant here to clear my schedule for the foreseeable future.  Sorry, but you'll have to get a different bad boy for your little boy band.  Good luck."
Another question: "Are you worried about getting lost in the Tony Stark limelight? I imagine he casts a pretty big shadow."
Steve thought he might be sick. "Right," he said, and pulled away. He got out his phone to text Tony quickly.
"Stay....st-tay away..." The last thing he needed was two more Alphas in here, making Tony feel threatened. Surely he'd be over this in five, ten minutes?  They could last ten minutes. Steve looked over. The man who had fired on them did not look in a good way. He frowned. "Tony! D-don't kill him. Want him alive."
"Aw, c'mon, I only take it a couple of times a year.  It's no biggie," purred Tony, gently rolling Steve's testicles around in his hand.  He could feel Steve getting erect.
In the bright blue sky above them, a jet moved eastward, and Wanda wondered if it was carrying Stark and his mate (it was too high up to tell), and if he ever felt guilty for all the destruction he'd caused and lives he'd reaped, and if they would ever be forgiven by Steve for killing his Alpha.  She found she didn't care; forgiveness was a luxury she'd long since given up on.
In another scenario Steve would have been annoyed at them talking about him like he wasn't there. But right now his chest felt tight. "How the hell do you know about that?"
"I tried to call Pepper. To ask if Stark was feeling anything," Natasha murmured. "She didn't picked up. Aria hasn't heard anything either. Maybe Steve just did get out from under my radar."  She sounded doubtful.  "Or maybe..."
he was all the time. It was hard to feel graceful when you were six foot and solid muscle, but in the water, Steve felt fluid and smooth.
Steve peeked up at Tony almost meekly. "We never found Bucky's body," he added, distantly, "in the snow."
"...I want you to put it in your mouth," groaned Tony, fingers flexing at his sides, quivering with anticipation.  "Please, Steve, oh, please..."  He arched again, seeking relief.  It wasn't just the memory of Steve's velvety tongue on his skin; it was the smell of him.  Steve was enjoying himself and it made Tony melt to know his omega was aroused by him.
Her attention had gotten the notice of a few other people at the bar and Tony could see patrons being to mill around, craning their necks, trying to get a glimpse, discussing Steve and Tony's presence in hushed, excited voices.  He should have known their anonymity wouldn't last long. Steve, after all, had been stirring things up for a year, and Tony had had a couple of tours in the Middle East in his Iron Man suit. You'd have to live under a rock not to know the two of them.
"Right!" said Happy.  He did a quick scan of the room, found an empty spot on Tony's desk to set the take-out bag, and then shoved his hands into the tangle of women to separate them.
He settled down into their bed, using Steve's pillow instead of his own.  He'd taken three benadryl and two clonazepams and sleep was coming on hard, but his thoughts were still turning.
Tony looked over his shoulder; he'd been in the middle of singing "Carry on my Wayward Son," loudly.
Tony stopped abruptly, embarrassed.  He didn't want to talk about that. Besides,  Steve already knew.  He knew perfectly well how Howard had
His mind drifted to Bucky briefly. He wondered if he'd felt it. Steve had asked Natasha to check her contacts, see if they knew anything-- but he was scared she wouldn't tell him if they did. Everyone was so determined to protect Steve now.  Especially from himself, it seemed.
"Well," said Tony.  He rose on shaky legs.  He was impressed he could stand at all.  His whole body felt weird and weak and liquidy.  He doubted his ability to drive safely, but he had to get out of here.
"...ha.  DeSoto's the most obsequious human being I've ever met.  I get that from everyone. Don't want it from my partner," replied Tony.  "...don't your omegas ever
, Steve reminded himself.  He picked the coffee back up.  “Okay.  I’ll have it for you before your meeting.”  Steve had a half a dozen things to do for Pepper, too, and he couldn’t quite justify prioritizing a coffee run.  But in Stark Industries, Tony’s word was law.  “...and I’m not uppity,” he muttered.
He nudged Steve's shoulder.  It was weird for Steve to sleep later than him.  Steve looked okay, if a little been worn out.  "Steve.  Wake up," he said, sitting up and nudging his mate again.  Something twisted in his gut when he realized the sheets, once white, were spotted with blood.  He pushed them off the omega.  The bandage on his leg was no longer white; it looked kind of like the Japanese flag.  Between his legs there were a few crimson smudges.
Steve slowly stepped towards a huge window at the front of the room, peering outside for an answer. For someone. He saw nothing, not even one of Tony's elusive staff members, a 'garden artist' or whatever they were called.  Perhaps he'd imagined it.
More bullets scattered in through the window. They had to get out before it was too late. Steve didn't want to die today, but he'd rather that than go with HYDRA.
"Guilty as charged!" said Tony, his sincere look toward Steve evaporating.  It was like a mask came down.  His look was suddenly one of smug confidence, power, energy... but not love.
thought Tony grimly.  He could hear Steve talking on the phone in the other room but couldn't make out what was being said.
"Just to be clear, we're going to get Steve.  Not to engage the Winter Soldier," said Natasha, who had an idea of what Tony was after.
Steve noticed that Maria was buried to Howard's right, and to his left was Edwin and Ana Jarvis ("loyal and faithful companions").  It was fairly conventional for trios to be buried with the omega on the left.
Bonus: this all-night, body-to-body contact ensured that Tony's smell would linger on Steve, further marking him, claiming him, keeping him safe from--
"Hey Steve.  You should call your agent," said Tony, leaning against the door frame, eyeing Steve's body.  "You know people are gonna wanna get interviews.  An assload of them."
"I'm going to give a very shortened version of events but Steve assured me you're clever so I know you can keep up.  Steve just told Tony he used to be bonded in the forties and Tony hasn't taken the news well. As Steve's friend I'd like to defend him by saying that he thought his old mate was dead and that the super serum got rid of his bond altogether, and that, to him, his bond with Tony feels completely legitimate. But, for obvious reasons, Tony isn't dealing well.  He's a low-dominance Alpha and it's understandably difficult for him to not feel threatened.  Also, there's also a small chance Steve's old mate is still alive and possibly being held prisoner by a dangerous para-military organization bent on world domination."
"Eh... well... the thing is... yeah, maybe just... don't close any doors permanently," said Clint lamely, who was trying to wolf down the rest of his cookies in a hurry.  His break was nearly over. "Steve's still practically a kid... like I said, you could always get a donor, or a surrogate, or freeze your sperm or something, I don't know.  Just don't..."
Steve's eyes were blue, yes, blue with little flecks of green and hazel.  Steve was holding his gaze now.  Ever the stubborn omega. But this wasn't a challenging stare.  It held relief and something else that Tony wasn't sure of.
He realized in an instant the mistake he'd made.  The air was sweet and musky and it made his whole body go simultaneously weak and rigid.  His arms broke out in goosebumps and the hair on the back of his neck spiked.
He didn't think he'd ever felt his full before. Tony had been inside of him since the beginning and he'd released inside of him several times. The sensation of it just served to turn Steve on even more. He was panting and whimpering with soft, quiet sounds leaving his lips, his eyes still glazed over as he watched Tony's face. It was like he was high again, almost, but he wasn't manic this time. He was something more docile.
His strange sense of intuition had taken him here, but now that he was here, he wasn't sure why.  He felt like he'd been ordered to come here, but the
Natasha found a water bottle on one of the dead guards in the corridor and emptied it over Sam and Steve's faces after dragging them away from Bucky (and God did they weigh
Eventually Tony stepped out of the bathroom and Steve turned on his side to face him. "Better?" he asked softly and then reached out a hand to Tony across the bed. "Come here. I want a cuddle."
Tony felt his jaw tighten at the sound of the other's name.  "It's not him.  It can't be, Steve.  He'd be ninety-three or ninety-four," said Tony.  "You're the only living super-soldier out there.  It can't be him."  Admittedly, he was trying to convince himself more than Steve.  "If it was him, he'd know you.  They just.... found a way to mess with your perception.  Maybe they were using some sort of weird drug, maybe they found a guy that looked like him and gave him plastic surgery, I don't know.  But that can't be him."
Well.  No one ever said being undercover was easy.  Steve hung up on Natasha to clutch his cramping middle and roll around groaning, and at least for a while, his mind wasn't on Stark's upcoming party or Stark's recent near-death experience or Stark's awful fucking attitude, but on his smell, the color of his eyes, and the allure of him as an Alpha.
Tony grinned up lazily at Steve, holding his hips.  "Love ya," he said casually, tensing a little as he felt Steve sheath his cock.  "Oh... oh, Steve..."  He nuzzled Steve's cheek, moving his head aside to catch his lips in his teeth, growling softly, encouragingly.  His tongue ran over Steve's lips, parting them; the feeling of Steve squeezing his knot left him breathless and desperate in the best of ways.
Fury ignored him and a moment later, Tony was being escorted toward the black SUV and piled in with Natasha, Barton, Phil, and Steve.  He sat wedged in a backseat between Steve and Barton, feeling like Alice falling down the rabbit hole.  All of them were too crowded despite the size of the SUV; Tony's armor was enormous and the car's suspension creaked under its weight.
"We need to find someone," Steve said and the look on his face evidently told George a lot. The omega still looked annoyed but he calmed down considerably, taking in just how serious Steve was.
"Ha-ha, yeah, well... you know what they say, tragedy plus time equals comedy... Morgan, can you give me and him some alone time, please?"
"And I don't want you to do anything to Tony. I especially don't want you to hurt him," Steve said, voice getting a little thick. His brow furrowed. He saw a sign for a parking garage and headed towards it. They could maybe rent a car there. Or maybe it would be better to steal one? Steve didn't like stealing, but in terms of avoiding detection, not leaving a trail, it was probably better.
Steve's pre-heat interview wasn't scheduled for another week.  They had all made the assumption that Steve probably cycled every six months.
"Yeah?  ...your buddy Rhodes is with the Undersecretary of Defense right now, trying to keep them from stripping all four of us of our citizenship and shipping us to Guantanamo."
Banksy clucked approvingly and reached over to touch Boswell's hand.  "Oh, young love. That's the sweetest thing."
"Yes," said Ji-Yoo, her face flushed, giggling; Tony and Trey's brother were fighting over a pair of shakers, arguing about how to make a Sidecar.
He had prepared himself for the worst-case scenario, so he was pleasantly surprised when she greeted them at the door of her house.  She was wearing a skirt and a sweater and, yes, although she looked old, she didn't seem especially sick.
"Peggy will certainly approve," Steve told him, trying to ease Tony about the looming visit tomorrow. He could feel that the other was nervous, even if he didn't entirely understand why.
Steve let out a long breath and swallowed as he let his eyes slip shut entirely. He curled into Tony's touch, his head in his Alpha's lap and hands slowly unfurling from their fists. His shoulders shuddered as the tension bled out of him. "I-" He swallowed. Speaking wasn't so easy. His bottom lip shook. "I-I enjoyed killing him." Steve whispered in Tony's shirt. "People talk about me like I'm such a good person. But I'm not. I enjoyed it. I'd do it again if I got the chance. I'm not-" He sucked in a breath. "I'm not- I'm not good Tony.  That thing, the Tesseract, it brings out the worst in everyone. It's toxic.  What it did to Schmidt's face... it's going to get us killed. Please, you have to believe me."
Tony was sure he'd be able to sort it all out later.  Currently, his brain was panicking quietly about Ivan Vanko.  He made a note to talk to Pepper about it on Friday, when he saw her at the Expo.
Peggy looked thoughtful, the worn lines of her face knowing.  "Ours was a different generation. Especially for Americans, omega equality was simply not thought of.  Even if they hadn't been mated, I'm sure Edwin and Howard would have fallen very naturally into those roles.  After all, Howard was always so dominant, and--"
About twenty minutes later he headed into their room tentatively. He spotted Tony shaving in the bathroom and went to search through the walk-in wardrobe, wanting to change out of his hospital-worn clothes. Steve ran his hand over his face and pulled out gym shorts and a jumper, comfy clothes.
The interviewer, Marcus, shook his hand and greeted him with a smile. "So a lot's changed in the past few weeks, huh?"
Karpov opened the door to the garage.  It was chaos; there were people running all over the place, some in fatigues and others in lab coats, some carrying guns and others hauling notebooks and computers.
sounds like a cover-up.  ...are they trying to reverse-engineer the suit?  JARVIS, start checking government records for large purchases of palladium and see if any of it is being sent to New Mexico.  Also pull Coulson's and Barton's records.  Let's see where SHIELD sends its omegas."
"I know I need to stop going off and doing shit by myself," Steve whispered. "I think it's... just self-destructive.  I do it because that's how I've always done it.  But I know I need to stop."
"It's near Cuba, apparently. Off the coast on a tiny island, or something. It's in a forest, I know that... hey.  Are you okay?" Steve said, waiting with concern as a frown found its way into Tony's features.  Steve reached forward and brushed his fingers against Tony's forearm. "You look like you're kind of drifting away on me here," he murmured and brushed his fingers back over his arm. "You know I've done this a hundred times over before, right? We'll be home in twenty four hours time and having post-mission shenanigans..."
Peggy had known he and Bucky had been bonded. She had been the only one to know. She knew what he went through with that.
... well, the important thing is, they didn't get any of my weapon designs.  That's what they wanted."  Tony looked up at Steve suddenly with a look of fierce pride.  "There was nothing they could've done for me to build those weapons for them.
I like when you cross your arms and spread your legs and stand like a soldier when you're trying to get a point across.  I like how you make a huge breakfast every morning even though I've actually never had anything other than coffee around you before noon."  Tony paused and huffed a little.  "You told me you don't do triads.  And I said okay.  And now there's another Alpha in the picture.  And even if you want to say
But Dr. Gleason had said he'd have a solution before Christmas.  That was promising. And it wasn't like Tony couldn't just get himself snipped again.
"If you're sure," Steve said softly. It was Tony's birthday, after all, and therefore it was totally his call. Steve was honestly happy to anything. "But there's nothing wrong with you, okay? It's incomparable." He stole a quick kiss before he let Tony tug him along to keep  walking.
"Malick... Malick..." repeated Tony, trying to remember who the hell that was.  "...oh, right, Gideon. He was at that presidential dinner. You know, all of those World Council people seem like they have a stick up their asses.  Him, Fury, Pierce, the one Chinese guy-- Yen? Yin? Something like that. And the chick and the other three. ...they're all uptight. And not an omega in the bunch.  ...you can handle him, though, Steve. I mean, we're both basically fired from SHIELD and they can't throw you in jail, the people would riot. He'll probably just bitch at you and that'll be there."
"May..."  Tony trailed off.  He couldn't remember.  Panic rose in his throat.  "I have a concussion," he repeated.  "
He could still remember killing Schmidt. Steve could still remember the sound his shield made as it sliced through and snapped his spine in two. He could still hear the sickening wet snap that had followed and how it good it felt to have the Alpha shuddering as he died beneath him. Steve has probably enjoyed it more than he should have but the forced heat had left him aroused and confused and too hot all over.
"I have no idea what PEGASUS is," Steve sighed as he settled down against Tony's chest, focusing on the feeling of his fingertips moving over his skin. "I think...whatever it is, is important. If both Phil and Clint keep heading over there then, yeah, it's big. But if it was an actual threat I think I would know about it already..." Or at least, Steve sincerely hoped he would have been told.
So much confusion.  Two blond omegas. One was his friend, he thought, maybe; maybe both were; but wasn't one a target; he barely remembered his orders; fuck; everything had been so confusing lately, half-memories and almost-thoughts... he had been out of cry too long... this was Dr. Ludheim's fault, according to Karpov...
His memory of Steve's neck being unbitten in Italy, then, that must be a false memory, a half-remembered dream.
"Possibly.  We've tracked an Ashtray, given name Matthew Rooney, to an estate up in Wisconsin, and we have no reason to believe he's not still there.  Unfortunately that estate is private. I assume he'd living there as a houseboy. As for Trickshot, his given name's Charles Barton, and he'd switched owners a few times.  We tracked him as far as a place in South Carolina called the Institute for Omega Reproduction, which was shut down by the federal government in 2002, and who had a C. Barton for a '
"I'll go with Coulson.  Back-up. Just in case," said Natasha, rising.  "Sam, Clint..." She didn't say Tony's name. "...you three go through flight records and see if you can narrow the list.  We'll be back soon."
Steve thought about Phil's story and something warmed in his chest. About him just getting in a car and leaving. Steve had never been that brave with Bucky, or he'd been too in love with him. Either way, he suffered petulantly, rather than just getting up and getting out.
Steve didn't question why Tony suddenly wanted to hide the odd flowers. He just accepted it and leaned into the touch as Tony returned to nosing at his neck. Steve sighed and ran his fingers through his mate's hair.
"What's going to happen to those kids?" Aria asked, looking a little shaky. They were calling them 'kids' but really they barely looked younger than her or Steve; they were likely in their late teens, if not their early twenties.
"Are you okay?"  They'd both stopped.  Tony was still knot-hard and pressed into Steve, but the feeling of uncontrollable lust and primal mating need was gone, courtesy of that bitter taste in Tony's mouth.  He was still plenty hard and plenty turned on, but his brain had rebooted from "fuck" mode and now he could think rationally again.
"I wasn't asking you, Jarv.  Besides, I already know there's a few.  ...good use of analogy, though.  Alan Turing would love you."
He struggled to get his emotions under control.  "You're safe..." he murmured, his voice deep and rough.  "You're okay.  It's okay."  He was equal parts reassuring Steve and himself.  The hair on the back of his neck wouldn't go down.  Not being able to do anything, knowing Steve had had to protect himself... that he hadn't been there... he should have been there...it was driving Tony crazy...
Steve cried out at the low burn as Tony sank right into him. His back arced up in response, his forehead pressed to the sofa fabric as he focused on the sharp and thrilling pain of Tony's teeth stuck into his neck. Steve whined low in his throat and whimpered as Tony began to move.
There was a flurry of activity as EMTs surrounded him, taking Fury away.  Steve had a brief moment of panic; what if HYDRA figured out he was at this hospital before SHIELD did?  But there was no time.  Not if he wanted Fury to live.  They were taking him into emergency surgery and were shoving Steve onto a gurney even though he kept saying he could walk; they were cutting away his clothes and checking the gunshot wound on his leg.  It had thankfully gone straight through, so that could just be bandaged, but the doctor (beta, female. He didn't catch her name. He didn't really care) pointed out that he was bleeding quite badly.  They wiped away the blood.  But the blood wasn't coming from the wound.
Pepper looked at Aria with alarm.  "So, what, does one of us drag them up to the lodge or can we just leave them here?"
"Thank you Buck," Steve smiled when he told him where, a strange sense of relief blossoming in his chest. He knew that Tony would be able to feel it. And he was counting on it. This was his one chance out of here. He could only hoped that SHIELD had noticed he was taken, that they'd dragged Tony into the man hunt...Natasha was a scary woman to say no to.
Tony pulled Steve into a hug offstage, rubbing his back.  "Yeah, you did so good, Steve..." He wanted to lie on top of Steve but knew this wasn't the time or place; Aria was hugging him, too, and Tiberius was patting his shoulder.
In any case, the reality was, now that everyone knew that Captain America was an omega, they were going to start staring at the back of his neck, eager to be the first to report if and when he paired.  Tony would prefer that he and Steve controlled that announcement instead of the tabloids.
"...Steve," said Phil, in an uncharacteristic demonstration of personability.  "...I know you're in preheat but... this might be easier without your mate present.  Tony seems..."
Everyone looked around.  Pietro was standing by the door with an armful of papers.  The floor and benches were clean, the notebooks all gathered up in his arms.
Steve squirmed, and not in a good way, trying to get out of Gideon's reach. But that was impossible really. It was wrong. It felt good, but it wasn't Tony. He was touching one of Steve's most intimate areas. He wanted to grab Gideon's hand and break it but every bone in his body felt like lead.
"...I'm not your Alpha," he said instead.  It hurt to say, but Tony relished the pain.  He got a vicious sort of pride from it.  Steve wasn't his.  Steve had lied to him and Tony had been almost stupid enough to fall for it.  He was thankful he hadn't slept with Steve when he was in heat; he made a mental note to thank Happy later for stopping him
Clint was watching him curiously. "You're not freaking about this as much as you thought you would."
"I told you, he hates doctors," said Pepper.  "He came back from Afghanistan with, what, eight cracked ribs--"
"If we do early morning Tony will probably sleep through it anyway," Steve said. "Or he could just come with."
"...I heard you were here but I didn't really believe it!  Wow. Captain America," said One, grinning and reaching out to shake his hand.  "My dad loves you! He collects a ton of memorabilia, his office looks like an American flag exploded!"
Steve was visibly shaking with upset. It was kind of ironic in a way. Steve had hoped every day back in the forties that Bucky would give in and touch him. And now Bucky would finally would and Steve just told him he would rather die.
Wakanda was a silent country that abhorred outside intervention, and so in the end, Tony decided to let it go.  (In the early 80's, Howard Stark had offered the tiny country aid in the form of palm pilots, one for every child, his reasoning being that education was critical to pulling one up by the bootstraps.  Wakanda had refused.  Howard had proceeded to air-drop the palm pilots over the country anyway, and then write off the expense on his tax returns.)
He reached out to take Tony's hand because he couldn't not. He needed to feel grounded. His heart was in his throat. Steve must have looked deadly in that moment. He looked ready to tear the place down.
"What makes you say that?  Steve must have thought so, he wanted to bond with you."  Tony shook his head.  "Tony.  Steve's previous mate didn't make him happy.  Natasha told me that."  Tony ignored her.  She was a beta.  She didn't understand what it was like.  She couldn't understand the level of betrayal.  Steve had conveniently glossed over his prior bond.  Bonds were a
Steve found he couldn't bear to watch. He turned back and walked down into the bedroom, and shut the door behind him.
"Okay.  Okay Gonna run you a nice, hot bath," said Tony, patting Steve, stumbling toward the nearest bathroom.
know.  They weren't threats.  He wasn't sure where this revelation had come from.  A day ago, he'd been ready to fight a man he didn't know two balconies over just for
Steve stood and felt spent run down the inside of his thigh. He shivered. No longer a virgin, he reminded himself. Steve ran a hand over his face and then blindly searched for his phone.
Steve had the energy of a border collie and kept pacing around, grinning like a fool.  Tony wondered if there was any truth to what Steve's psychiatrists said, about him only being happy when he was fighting a battle.  Steve was approaching this like a military operation. Certainly, it had militant overtones, but... still.
And then he pulled back with a small nod. "Time together. Cuddling. You got it," he told him. He turned the shower off and then grabbed them towels. Steve gently dried Tony off before drying himself too as best he could. Then they backed away towards the bed, Tony's ghosts still following them, the success of the convention overshadowed by lives lost, each one a grim reminder that their work was far from done.
A young boy, about eight, had appeared silently beside Clint.  He stared at Steve with unwavering curiosity. He had chocolate-brown eyes and brown hair, and was wearing a red shirt.  Why the hell there was a kid present was beyond Steve.
"Comedy stuff. It's exactly your sort of thing; you're funny when you want to be," Aria flicked through some emails. "Oh, and you have to have a meeting about your ankle bracelets next week.  I think they're finally ready to uncuff you."  Steve and Tony had been wearing the bracelets on their ankles since the Yemen incident.  Tony mentioned, often, how badly it was ruining his tan.
Donner heaved a tiny little world-weary sigh, like the weight of the decision was crushing him.  Rhodey decided to let up for a while. He sat down into a chair, grabbing himself a bottle of tequila from the bar, knowing full well that Pepper was probably cursing him for spending more money.  (Tony had been the one to book the room, on "Richard Emmett's" behalf.)
Tony was feeling moderately better after Pepper had forced him to drink water.  But he still felt queasy and watching Steve inhale a burger didn't help.
"Because I need you to not smell Steve for a few minutes so I can figure out what the hell is going on here."  Pepper looked over at Sam. "Do you need any?"
The other omega was grinning ear-to-ear; she caught Pietro's eye and gave him a cocky little salute.
Tony tracing the scar behind his neck made him shiver. "I really hope we don't ever have to go to one of those conferences again. We got our info and we made our point. Though if there is another we should ask the staff to hand over names, so we know who the assholes are." Steve reached up to run a hand through Tony's hair and kissed his head. "Sleep well Tony."
"I got scared a lot.  Still do," Steve whispered, just to fill in the quiet. "You do when there's lives in your hands. That alone is scary as hell. Just like a bond is kinda scary; we're suddenly overwhelmingly responsible for each other, right? But that's not a bad thing- being afraid of it. It just means it's something important, something worth fighting for."
He watched Tony cook, or at least, try to cook. The sight was sweet. Steve leaned his head in his hands and let his eyes slip shut briefly.
The baby in Pepper's arms responded to his question by waking up and, without any warning whatsoever, vomiting all over Pepper.
They were two Alpha women sat outside smoking with drinks. They glanced over curiously but didn't approach. Steve's shoulders were shaking a little. "I don't--"
She hadn't forgotten about Steve, either; she'd gotten him a giant jar of marshmallow fluff. (She knew the way to Steve's heart.  The jar was already a quarter gone.)
. And then their driver had taken him away and he'd ended up with Chantelle and Tom. Donner never saw Gideon after that... they hadn't even said proper goodbyes.
"You're getting raw egg all over the counter and floor... I'll crack the eggs for you... you'll get eggshells in the bowl if you do it that way."
"Happy, did this come with a fortune cookie?" asked Tony, pawing through the paper bag.  "I don't think they had fortune cookies in the forties, I wanna show Steve..."
Steve found himself smiling when Tony's head ended up in his lap and automatically ran his fingers through the man's dark hair. "Hang out?" he echoed, amused. The edges of his smile twitched up into a smirk. "Is
"Yes'm," mumbled Tony, squirming in Pepper's steel grip like a schoolboy who was in trouble.  He made grabby hands at Steve.
Rumlow's hands were rough. Like Bucky's. They were soldier's hands. Steve liked the feeling of them.  He shoved his hands in his lap, gripping the edge of the coat around him. It smelt of Brock. Steve was swaying a little, enjoying the fingers in his hair...
"Mr. Stone.  Mr. Phil Coulson," Phil introduced himself, smoothing down his tie.  "It's an honor, I'm very much a supporter of Status Alliance. ...sorry for the mess, we're preparing for a party tomorrow..."
One of the women shrieked again and covered her head; the other jumped forward quickly to placate him.
There were a pair of lattes in the cupholders in the back.  Steve reached for his and sipped it; it had cinnamon in it.  Happy really was a sweetheart.
They put Steve on a SHIELD jet that was going to DC that night anyway. He didn't recognize anyone on it but they certainly recognized him. Steve shared an awkward goodbye with Alex on the airport runway and then, with equally awkwardness, headed up into the SHIELD jet full of strangers. The minute he stepped on literally everyone stared at him, realized what they'd done and then tried to look busy and look anywhere
"JARVIS isn't actually going to tell Pepper that, right?" Steve asked, sounding worried. He liked Pepper- he'd like her to respect him...and not think about Tony doing
"Maybe one of the generals brought a little something back to base. Wouldn't be the first time." He huffed. "Pretty sick of having to get rid of them after, you know? Fuck man. All that digging, kills my arms..."
Tony dove for it, silently thanking whatever gods there might be.  One moment he was a mere mortal, lunging for the suit and suddenly he was being enveloped in it.  Suddenly the world made sense again.  He could hear again, whirring gears, the click on perfectly interlocking plates, and just like that, Tony was no longer helpless; he was wrapped in a two-hundred pound suit of armor capable of flinging a Jeep across a football field.  He stared at the man, and the man stared at him; for a split second there faced off, eye to eye.
The smoke had cleared and Steve rolled down behind the car just as a new volley of suppressing fire began. Regretfully, he pulled out his own pistol.
"...is this okay?" he asked tentatively, glancing up.  "...if you feel weird just shove me off. I won't mind."  He squirmed a little farther down, kissing below Steve's navel.
Everyone cheered, until Steve took the microphone, thanked them for coming, and asked them to leave.  The crowd grumbled and booed unhappily; Steve apologized as the DJ began packing up; Tony took the microphone back from Steve.
"I kinda like that you don't want someone else to have me," Steve admitted quietly. Tony's fingers felt like magic, making him shiver with pleasure. He bit back a whine poorly as his hands dipped down to his spine. Since when would he ever let someone touch him like this? "Eligible, hm?" A smirk teased at his lips and his tone matched his expression. "I dunno if he can handle me..."
," said Tony, sharply, and Steve froze.  "Get a condom and put it on me," demanded Tony.  There was at least one benefit to his status; when Steve was in heat, he became easy to boss around.
They got into the car with Happy at the wheel. He drove quickly, getting the message. He didn't even speak to them; he just
"I am merely a computer program, sir.  I believe that is why he is uncomfortable speaking to me.  But he is on his way up," replied JARVIS.
"Are you actually any good at snowball fights, Steve?" Clint asked teasingly  and Steve cocked a brow at him.
"You don't have to take that," said Tony firmly.  "Not if you don't want to.  Steve, listen to me."  Tony took Steve's face in his hands and tilted it to to look at him.  "You're mated to the single most technically superior person in the world.  I'm going to find out everything,
Steve's breath hitched at Tony's touch, especially as one hand slid down to his thigh and near one of his most intimate areas. "Tony. I--" He felt hot all over. Almost like he was embarrassed. Steve understood why Tony was doing this, why he felt like he should. But the thought of it alone was enough to make him squirm. This was all about Steve and how Steve was feeling and it was uncharacteristic of Tony to be anything other than completely selfish.
"I think it's better to regret doing something than not," Steve offered quietly. He wasn't really sure why Tony had come out here to talk to him. He hadn't thought the man would spare him a second thought at his own party. Tony was supposed to be having fun. And even Steve could admit he wasn't the funnest person around. Especially in this century.
Steve backed away until he was plastered against the wall, eyes red with the threat of tears. Phil told him it was good to cry...Steve didn't know if that counted in front of his Alpha. He sucked in a shaky breath as the command washed over him and he obeyed on instinct. It was like breathing. He dropped down to his knees with all the grace that a soldier should, his head bowed low and his shoulders still shaking a little.
Did that mean Natasha and Clint knew too? Did everyone in SHIELD know? Was this only news to Tony and Steve? Steve was furiously pacing now. "Clint's brother," he said. "
"Well, I've only known you, uh... what... thirty-six hours?  Because before that, you were undercover?" replied Tony with a hint of displeasure.  It still hurt.  Tony already had trust issues, and why shouldn't he; after Stane, who was like a father to him, has double-crossed him so badly?  Frankly, he should've be trusting Steve at all, after what he'd done.  But he had nothing to lose.  Until a day ago, he had been certain he was going to die.  So why not go out on a limb with Steve?  Wasn't that what second chances were for?
But there were two factors Steve clearly didn't understand.  First of all, Tony had been asking Pepper out for years and she always said no.  Second of all, Pepper was a beta. Tony liked women, sure. He loved 'em. But Steve's appeal, as an omega, would always outrank that.
another kind of question?  ...no, ha, it's probably insensitive but, I gotta know, I'm dying of curiosity--"
friends?" blurted Tony.  "Did you ever really like me, Steve?  If there weren't any Avengers, would me and you... would you care?"
"You kill him, then you have nothing to black mail me with," Steve pointed out with a grim kind of smile. "And I'm still pretty sure the government has their heart set on super solider babies, even though y-you won't admit it.  And I would rather die, then d-do
The soldier stumbled, confused by the memory, but he was here, that as all that mattered, the target was in front of him.
"Hello there, Captain America," drawled Lawrence.  He was a heavy-set black man with a long, drawling southern accent, an Alpha of moderate dominance.
"I dunno," said DeSoto meekly.  "Ron doesn't go to those. They're not common, most omegas here are good, we love our Alphas."
Tony was lying on a couch in the break room with the others gathered around him.  They'd dimmed the lights; Tony had an arm slung over his eyes and he was trying to see if he could feel Steve.  He'd been actively trying not to think about Steve and to ignore anything remotely Steve-related for over a month; now, he was struggling to relocate the feeling of his mate, a sensation that had been constant for eight months and that he'd come accustomed to having.
"That...kind of makes sense," Steve conceded. "I guess they're not really necessary now though, huh? I like to think most people have a semblance of self-control." Maybe when they weren't being controlled by psychological warfare anyway. He went quiet for a moment, laying his head down. Steve trailed a finger down Tony's arm, over the bumps of muscle and tanned skin. He was really quite pale in comparison. Steve didn't tan much. Howard had once described him as 'golden' but Steve figured he more meant the hair than the rest of them. Before the serum he used to get terrible sunburn. Bucky was always making him wear stupid hats or dragging him out of the sun and into the shade.
For Rhodey and Donner, the car ride also stretched out.  Donner looked like he was being taken to his own execution.  Rhodey kept looking at him, genuinely worried he might change his mind and leap from the moving car.  Only Happy seemed unaffected; he hummed along to the radio.
, he thought.  Evolution hadn't counted on this.  He already had Steve's wrists pinned and was already biting the back of his neck, was already on top of him, and if he'd been able to form a coherent thought, he might have recognized that the floor of a HYDRA bunker wasn't a great place to be doing this, but he wasn't at all reasonable enough to form such a thought, not while he was biting into Steve's neck and trying to figure out a way to rut into him.
"Overall, no one's pegging this on either of you.  There's a lot of damning evidence against Hammer and everyone knows Vanko was out to get you.  SHIELD took over the investigation on your behalf," said Natasha.
"Clint always referred to him as Barney.  I think it's short for Bernard," said Phil, finally answering Steve's question.  "I don't have his file on me; Clint lost his brother twenty-five years ago and doesn't talk about it much. ...no, wait, it's Charlie.  Charles Bernard Barton, that's it. ...did someone mention him? Listen, Steve, Clint had a rough childhood. You know that. Don't let the personal aspect of this compromise you.  Let sleeping dogs lie. Clint accepted that loss a while ago and it wouldn't be fair to him to open up old wounds."
Tony winced.  "I just... I don't like... fine.  Check me over. Don't touch my chest," said Tony tersely, flopping onto the couch.  His body was already tensing. It was hard enough letting someone probe his mate; letting himself get checked out was worse.  Tony hadn't seen a doctor himself in two years. The closest he'd come to a routine physical was SHIELD's evaluation.
Steve's gaze drifted off. This was typical of his heats, mood swings and strange PTSD flash backs. One moment he was as high as a kite, the next all his happiness was just... gone.
, right?  ...I heard Gideon Malick talking to Frond about you.  That guy's obsessed. I guess he took it as a personal insult that you turned out to be an omega.  His claim to fame was owning--" Rex made air quotes with his fingers "-
The orchids had mostly been moved upstairs to clear space on the ground floor.  Pepper was busily trying to direct an ice sculpture while yelling on her phone regarding private security.
Tony gave Steve a wide grin.  "I can think of several things we can do," he said.  After a beat, he added, "Aria and Pepper are probably gonna burst in and start grooming us like poodles in an hour, though, if we're supposed to leave in two.  They're both kind of control freaks. Although to be fair I'm not really great at tying ties without Pep, so I guess it's justified."
attracted to him.  No, not even then.  The only thing that would explain this is if they were scent-mates, a rather rare but not unheard of situation.
? he wondered, watching in horror as Steve slammed into someone, twisting his ankle, and then tried to leap between another pair of roofs.  It was unclear who the person he'd hit was or even where he had come from; the tape might have glitched because he seemed to appear out of nowhere.
His gaze flickered up from the drawing to Tony's face. "My neck's okay.  It feels like an ache instead of a burn. It's manageable," he said simply and then Steve turned the drawing around for Tony to see (something he did not do by habit. Seeing Steve's work was usually a rarity, especially sketches like this and not the finished piece). "You look younger when you sleep."
It was funny how different they were.  Steve had grown up poor, and Tony rich.  Steve believed in people and principles, and Tony in math and machines.  Steve rarely swore (except in bed) and hardly drank at all, whereas Tony... well.
"Watch on your phone.  C'mon. Let's get a cappuccino and some fries into you before you pass out."  (Pepper had, after years of dealing with Tony, figured out exactly the right items to cram into him when he was half-drunk to keep him fueled.)
Banksy appeared out of nowhere and threw himself at Steve, wrapping his arms around him. The man was in a duck egg suit, a white shirt underneath. He looked lovely, as always. He was also clearly a little tipsy. Banksy pressed a noisy kiss to Steve's cheek and then moved to pull Tony into a hug too.
"It's tradition," said Rhodes, setting the white orchid next to another one with faint red streaks.  "I thought they told you not to stand on that foot?  I came over to see how you and Steve were doing."
Steve reached down and stroked himself once and he became with a low moan, forehead pressed into the crook of Tony's neck as he came over his own chest and Tony's. "Fuck," he whispered, not moving from that position as he focused on the feeling of Tony's inside of him. He was perhaps a little sore now but he loved it. Steve shivered as he shifted a little, getting comfortable as he moved his hands back to brace against Tony's chest comfortably.
Donner frowned.  He was doing a puzzle on the coffee table.  "I don't think it's cold. If anything, it's really hot in here already."
There was two sets of double doors in front of them. "You take left, I'll take right. Guards shoulder be minimal on this level but watch out. Let me know the moment you end up in trouble."
"But we need to scare him," Natasha added. "He needs to know that if he doesn't tell us everything, he'll
Steve stared dumbly at the back of the suit as Tony had walked away, taking a minute to get himself to move.
An emotion ghosted over Tony's face and for a moment he looked like he was going to start sobbing again.  But he didn't.  He went back to his guitar.  Pepper felt a hint of panic.  She pulled out her phone, trying to think if Steve had friends she could call, someone who would know if he was okay, what had happened.  She was drawing a blank.  Across the room, Tony plucked at the guitar forlornly; it was electric but not plugged in, and the sounds sounded weird and hollow, the tune unrecognizable but distinctively sad.  Much like Tony himself, actually.
Karpov wasn't surprised they were resorting to this method.  All of them underestimated the asset. They always had. He felt a bitter sort of triumph knowing that they would eventually realize just how useful he'd been, how underappreciated.  But he doubted it would be anytime soon. It would only be once they had some use for him that wasn't breeding that they would come to their senses and see what an incredible loss they'd incurred.  And then they'd be sorry. They had underestimated Karpov, underestimated his program and his asset. Well, now they wouldn't have him anymore, and they would be left with the unpredictable, destabilized soldier to contend with.  Serve them right.
"Tony... Tony listen to me..." she murmured as they dragged him away from Steve's room.  "I know this is bad, but you have to fight it.  It's worse because we're in a plane and the air is re-circulating, but once we're out, you'll feel better.  You'll regret it if you do this, Tony.  You need to try to get control.  I know you can do it.  I know you're in there."
The shop was the only truly personal space to him; now that the shop was safe, he left the team of police to their work and went upstairs.  He had a pretty good idea of where Steve was.
"It's mostly directed toward me, though, right?" asked Tony, automatically leaping to protect Steve.
Tomorrow, he planned to go through the itinerary Pepper had drawn up.  The next one-and-a-half weeks, Tony could just focus on work stuff. Pepper would like that and it would give him an excuse not to be in Steve's way.  Then they'd go to the Conference, Steve could do his whole omega thing, Tony could take advantage of the open bar, and then they could go home, and Tony would go back to working on the Mark VII.  Yes, everything would work out nicely. Tony just had to keep himself busy, that was all.
Was she doing it to demonstrate her dominance?  She needn't have bothered.  She radiated power already.  Was she trying to rub it in Tony's face, that this was her omega?  That she was going to do the same to Steve?  Tony had already subconsciously sussed out everyone's standing.  Steve was the most powerful omega there.  He was naturally desirable.
"Sean introduced us," said Eric.  He pointed. "There's Sean over there.  See that collar on his omega? I made that."
Steve could feel Tony's disappointment and confusion tug in his own chest. He honestly hadn't really thought about Christmas plans all that much aside from assuming there would be lots of food (yay). So when Tony accused him of some how being involved in Pepper's plans he was pretty taken back. That wasn't Steve's style. If Tony were to have Pepper over then he would be able to have Nat and Clint. Now he figured he might not. He wasn't sure. Apparently in the 21st century people liked to plan Christmas weeks and weeks in advance...for him it usually been a few days before. Not they'd ever really had much to plan for.
Malick's voice lowered.  "Just because you're a weak Alpha and an acer doesn't mean you have to act like one, Stark."
Tony didn't know yet, not consciously, but he was already acting reckless and strange, even for him.
Steve sat up as Tony set the tray down, offering him a small smile as he reached out to pick at a piece of bacon. It was sweet and salty on his tongue. "So... what's the plan for the day?" he asked quietly, wondering if Pepper would hang out downstairs or maybe come up at some point. Steve kind of felt like the upstairs was their own space. And he didn't want it being invaded right now.
They swung down Wilshire, skyscrapers rising on either side of them.  Steve was at the Wilshire, one of the older buildings, with wrought-iron railings on the balconies and copper adornments that had long since turned green with age.
him. He'd more just... decided to neglect Steve's entire existence as of late.  They were still bonded; Steve could feel him, faintly, in the back of his mind.
He nuzzled against Steve's shoulder affectionately.  He really did feel a lot better. It was good to have a mate.
.  Dad's probably rolling in his grave," murmured Tony.  He gave Steve's neck a slow, gentle kiss.  Despite his words, he was too love-drunk to actually feel any real concern.  No.  There wasn't a single ounce of doubt in Tony's mind.  He felt like he should be freaking out--
"I can't make it stop," Steve said after a moment, voice a touch softer. "I'm sorry."  He sighed and stared down at his feet. "I'll sit with you, if that will make you feel better. But if you try
"...forty years, wow... how time flies when you're having fun, am I right?  ...let's hear it for DJ AM... thanks, Goldstein, you're a doll... I just want to tell all of you that I love you, you're all amazing, look at you... I look out and I see a crowd of beautiful people... and also Rhodey... ha, ha, no, I'm kidding, he's gorgeous too... isn't he gorgeous, everyone?  ...you know, I like to think that this is exactly what my dad would have wanted, right here... men, women, whites, blacks, Alphas, omegas, all mingling together, all enjoying themselves... are we enjoying ourselves? Are we having fun, guys?"  Everyone cheered affirmatively.  Someone handed Tony a drink; he took it with surprising delicacy in his metal gauntlet and sipped it, the mic still in his other hand.
"Wait.  Which one do you want us to do?" demanded Tony, throwing an arm around Steve to steady himself.  "Steve... Steve, do you have the keys?  I think I might be a little drunk.  I'm celebrating my new job," he explained to the bartender.  "But it's top-secret so I can't talk about it.  ...but it's with SHIELD."
But they trailed off when the auctionees and waiting staff appeared outside. There was almost forty of them in total and it was quite an impressive sight. They were almost all omegas, a few of the waiters being betas as well. They looked a little overwhelmed at the crowd ahead but the crowd themselves went ecstatic. They were cheering, shaking their signs in the air. Tony and Steve were suddenly old news.
"A team of... uh... well... remarkable people, Fury calls us.  Superheroes?  Kinda. I guess. I dunno."
"No," he murmured. "Kinda scary," Steve admitted. "The thought of having an off switch, or something like that. Can you imagine how screwed up it must be when she uses that on them if they '
JARVIS beeped at him.  "Sir, you can an incoming call from an unknown number.  It is unblocked; the area code indicates a Malibu native."
" demanded Tony, hair standing up.  "Is he an Alpha?  Steve?  Who's Sam?  Sam's not an Alpha, is he?  ...Steve?"
"That guy drives me crazy. I swear, someday--" snarled Tony, his hands balling into fists.  He stopped suddenly, his eyes lighting up.  "...
Stark.  That name again. He was starting to realize nothing good ever came out of it.  "Stark" was the man who put his hand on Steve's back and hit on girls at nightclubs and spent too much money.  "Stark" had been one of his targets, an older man, clearly someone evil or else they wouldn't have told him to go get him.  "Stark" was the name on the missiles that had ruined the lives of the twins. And now "Stark" was the person who was coming between him and the blond omega.  He was unclear whether there were four Starks or one Stark but it didn't matter. The name had long since begun to hold very negative connotations for him.
"Karpov," said Tony into the coffee can, eyes narrowing.  "I know him. I mean, not personally. But I... I know the name."
"How could HYDRA possibly be exploiting my bond already? They probably thought I was an Alpha up until five months ago, and even then, maybe not until I came out to the public. Nat, I don't know how
one that Aria and Pepper had picked because it had mass appeal to all stations.  They had decided that
He settled down in the kitchen with a beer (carbs were a good breakfast, right?) and pulled out his phone to see what people were saying about Steve.
wants a follow-up one. And someone called Tyler Swift, I think, wants me to be in their next music video.  ...do you know who those people are?"
"You know that if the Avengers come, they'll try to kill you," he whispered, voice soft. "So you have to run. You don't stay and fight. You run. Tony will kill you because he doesn't understand."  Steve smiled then, sadly. "I didn't either. And I'm sorry. I see now that this isn't your doing and that this isn't your fault.  You really don't remember anything, do you, Bucky?"
He also didn't want to feed Tony's alcoholic habit. Whenever he saw him drank something sank in Steve's chest and whenever he asked for it he felt conflicted. Tony was his own person who could make his own decisions but Steve was also his mate and was supposed to care for him, where was the line crossed when Steve would be protecting Tony from himself? Couldn't his alpha feel Steve's conflict whenever he asked? Didn't he know how hard it was for him to watch? Steve mentally sighed as he clocked off the minute mark underwater, his lungs protesting a little, but he still had a while.
Happy was waiting for them outside. He was smiling. "Happy early birthday boss," he said, opening the boot for Tony to toss the suitcase into. Steve was excited to go now. Although he wasn't the fondest of plane rides, it would be worth it.
It was a proper Mexican standoff and Tony wasn't sure what to do, if anything he could do would fix things.
Before Tony could reply, Senator Ross was grabbing him and peeling him away from Steve.  "Tony!  Great to see you.  Mind if I pick that brain of yours about Project 42?"
The terrible conclusion Tony had been forced to make after the accident was that his father had very likely been drunk.  It had been a weekend evening, after all. A tight, winding road. Howard drank daily. Maybe he'd just had one too many.  Tony had never known him to get behind the wheel of a car without being about to control it (Howard's piloting skills were seconds to none), but Tony could think of no other explanation.  It was March and slippery and cold and dark, and if Howard had had a few drinks and had hit a patch of black ice... well.
Steve always remembered Lucy, one of the dancers (all omegas too), when she saw him in the outfit for the first time. She laughed, thrown her head back, and said:
to serve and nurture their Alphas, just as their Alphas wanted to support, direct, and protect them.  That was instinct. Frond's books were written in a clinical fashion, and without knowing the sort of things she supported, such as forced submission, they were actually very convincing.
Steve's wrists were still pink and purple from the suit, but they would be faded to a pale yellow by morning and by evening the next day they would be gone. Steve didn't even notice it though. They didn't hurt. The only thing that really did was his neck, and considering how many men Steve had taken out he was amazingly unharmed.
"You got me flowers," he repeated, dumbfounded.  Steve was correct. Tony had never received flowers before, unless you counted all the fucking orchids they had gotten from mating.
The asset sat at Karpov's feet, watching as he bandaged the omega's hand.  Karpov had military training, years of it, and it was coming in handy. The omega winced and hissed; the girl stood by him, emanating fury.
a disappointment-- oh, tell Boz what you told me, he'll be flattered-- Boswell!  Donner had something to say to you!" He gave Donner a little poke.
No. They had picked Steve because he was good, right? They saw something in him. It wasn't just because he was an omega and he was expendable... right?
"Then why the hell would I put myself back in there?" Steve asked, sounding impatient again as he raised a brow.
The guard moved forward to wave a keycard at the cell door and unlock it.  He gestured for Bucky, who strode over and stepped into the cell obediently.  Steve ignored him; he was still glaring at the man in the suit.
"When hell freezes over, Tony.  You're not getting the suit back.  Look, you have, like, what, five or six suits of your own.  Let us keep this one as a show of good faith.  The government is seriously not happy with you.  The Senate wants you locked up in Seagate, you know."
of the night.  He had made a new element.  He and Steve had shared a moment.  He'd panicked and yelled at Steve and kicked him out, and after that, everything was lost to the alcohol.  Disjointed images of Rubik's cubes and a heartfelt discussion on Steve's sofa floated to his mind, but nothing specific.
Tony and Sam pressed against the wall.  Sam reached over and waved a hand in front of Tony's face to get his attention, pointed to the guards, and then held up three fingers.  Then two. Then one.
"Tony knows it's a thing, sort of. But I didn't want to tell him until we definitely had it...on the ground, you know? It was just sort of a passing thought at first. I didn't realise we'd actually make it this far," Steve said quietly.
doesn't want me..." Steve looked down at his hands in his lap.  How in the hell had he managed to lose two Alphas in a row? "I'm damaged goods, aren't I?" He shrugged with a weak smile.
His phone then slipped from his fingers when he shivered and clattered to the floor. Fortunately, it was a StarkTech phone, so it didn't break.  Besides, it had a case, one that had been custom-made by Clint; it read "My Patriotism Brings All the Boys to the Yard."  Steve still didn't understand why Clint thought it was funny but he appreciated the gift.
He bet Steve had managed to get people to buy a shit-ton of war bonds.  And talk about propaganda... watching a sexy omega smack Hitler was probably a fucking show-stopper.  Vaguely, Tony wondered to what extent his father had ogled Steve like this, had purposefully used Steve's sex appeal to get people involved in the war effort.  He pushed those thoughts away because it was creepy to think about. Plus he was already sporting one hell of an erection and Howard was among the last people in the world he wanted to think about right now.
The two guards looked at Tony, then looked at Steve.  One of them was edging back, looking like he very much regretted coming here in the first place.  Tony raised his palms and both dropped from a single shot. He was paying zero attention to the man crawling away down the hall; his attention was focused solely on Steve; he dropped down to his knees and grabbed his wrists and buried his face into the back of his neck, smelling him.  He was so aroused it was painful; the suit was helping, he hadn't exactly designed it with erections in mind.
