“You need to distance yourself from… that” John gestured towards her as discretely as he could. He could not deny he wasn’t exactly pleased about her presence for quite a few reasons.
It was the sound of broken glass that woke John. He sat up gasping for air; broken free of yet another dream about the war.
“Now it’s my turn, too” John reached for the lube and squirted some into his hand; lubricating his cock… making the next part of the game a little easier.
He didn’t get to see that all the commotion had alarmed John who had come in; seeing his friend a shivery, sobbing mess.
“Fuck you!” Lucy spat and ran out of there. Celia wanted to run after her. Catch her and hug her tight. Make her believe everything would be all right.
“I blew it. Leila. I blew it” those clear eyes turned wet… and one tear after the next rolled down his cheeks.
“I meant to observe Ida using, as an experiment. I wanted to test how far I could go without succumbing to the temptation”. Holmes continued explaining calmly.
“Why. Sherlock I can’t understand” John’s voice dropped an octave. At first Sherlock hoped it was his physical reaction to the sounds coming from the kitchen that affected his vocal chords.
“I am aware of your connection to the victim, but did you see it? Our killer needs them to stay awake; he has a message for those girls. My bet is a religious fanatic; often girls like these are unfairly mistaken for Satanists” he was talking fast and she swallowed.
She hadn’t even bothered trying to cover it with makeup. When she was much younger she had tried to do the same; she had invested in so many products… and the marks still showed. It was only a painful process. And she had already caused herself enough pain.
“So… ” the young black clad man’s voice trailed off. The entire group had been silent; much more than usual.
Sherlock ran to don his famous attire and the two men were off towards St. James. Sherlock was a source of energy; practically waltzing about. He was that contend to have a real case at last.
“Good boy” John moaned; leaning over Sherlock’s back. He was honestly impressed that he managed the task… and pleased… he didn’t want the game to be over just yet.
“He’s lying!” Sherlock Holmes growled from his chair. “All these young women found dead; it has got to be the same man and even Scotland Yard must have seen that!” he was practically barking at the poor army doctor who had just hung up on Lestrade.
The pale man sighed loudly. His eyes were now open wide; most of all he wanted to run. Every signal in his body screamed at him to run and hide.
“… yes” the shiver in Sherlock’s voice as he replied told John he didn’t really believe his own words… even with his inferior deduction skill he could tell that much.
Unless he had deleted the messages. He would most likely have deleted some of it out of embarrassment over some of the failed relationships. But surely some of it would still be there… John was always much too late to give up hope and know when to stop.
Cat drew a sharp breath. She looked around the room trying to calculate whether or not anyone would have noticed, or cared about him meddling with her drink. But her need outweighed her worry.
‘It is literally just a room. Four walls’ he chanted to himself inwardly. It even sounded ridiculously dumb to his own ears.
“Some kids have found another victim” Celia Yellow was informed and she nodded. She was still trying to acclimatize herself after the interview with Annie Jackson’s sister and in the middle of tracking down the boyfriend.
And there he was sure he saw the walls of the imaginary structure crumble and waste away before him; as it had stood unused for far too long now.
She caught a glimpse of herself in the mirror. Her hair removed from her face made the bruise stand out. Like a sore thumb.
“You changed your lipstick a shade. They did not discontinue your favourite brand and you’re a creature of habit. OCD in fact. Is that a deliberate change on your part? Are you trying to accommodate for your ghostly pale complexion? Who are you trying to impress?”
This poor man had seen battles; and John had only joined him on a mere fraction of them. That much he knew.
Lucy was alone in Jack’s flat trying for the life of her to remain tough. She was more sorry than angry but she couldn’t let the world know that. She felt hollow inside and had no idea what to do with herself and her emotions.
Sherlock found himself at the boarding school, searching the den once more; his eyes half closed as he let his index and middle finger run over the leather bound books on the shelves… feeling for one that felt marginally different. Looking for the one that opened up to the secret chamber that he despite his best efforts remembered from his own time at this very institution.
Exiting the pub, he held out his hand to her but she shook her head. That kiss on the hand was as far as he got tonight if she had any say in the matter.
“You’re not going out looking like that!” The father yelled at his daughter who was applying yet another layer of heavy black eyeliner. She poked her pierced tongue out at him.
Standing in front of the door to the room she drew deep breaths as she tried to build the courage to knock on it, or was it courage to run she was looking for?
Celia had no idea how she made it through the night. It had all become a bit of blur; but she had contacted Kelly’s parents and reassured the father they were doing anything in their power to find the sick pervert as he had put it.
Only she could manage to forget to take prescribed pain relief for a severe and painful chronic back ailment…
“If I say no, are you going to follow me anyway?” she tested her legs; holding her purse tightly to her body.
The landlady, Mrs. Hudson, did come with a plate for lunch but he never noticed or recognised it; especially not her usual muttering about not being the housekeeper. It was getting rather old. But Sherlock was an expert at filtering…
She reached for her makeup purse on the windowsill and at the bottom found a flattened box and prying it open the secret content fell on the table making a sound that to her sounded so incredibly loud.
“Two of those” was the way he ordered with a wink, pointing at her glass. She had not once let it out of her hand or sight. The tender nodded and went to work with mixing.
“What happened? You sounded upset” his eyes didn’t leave hers even if she tried to turn hers towards the floor.
“No, I mean really hate; hate so strong that one would be driven to murder?” Holmes spat and rolled his eyes.
“Typing up the last case?” he sighed and threw himself tiredly on the couch. The night had been exhausting.
Holmes was pacing the floor in small, fast paced circles; his lips moving mumbling inaudibly. Watson stood in the corner observing his friends eccentric behaviour rubbing his chin. It was nothing new for him to be like this; but this time it worried the good doctor. Sherlock hadn’t been quite the same since he met the young woman many months ago.
“Such a pretty thing you are” he cooed, running his fingertips down over her face, all the way to her collar bone; this made her swallow again.
The screen became lighter and she saw it clearer… it seemed to be a man; his face pressed against her inner thigh; rasping his tongue over the cut that was now exposed.
“What is going on?” John lowered his voice to a more normal tone; mostly for the sake of the female in the room.
“Oh doctor” Sherlock sighed.  “Remind me; what is the rate of serial-battered women actually seeking help?” he rolled his eyes.
But John really did need the air in his lungs, he had to cool himself down. The cold London air would help that along…
“These girls might have been skinny but he would have to use his own force to cling them up like so; besides a woman might have been more prone to resort to physical torture. Remember this killer hates his victims” Sherlock explained. Talking faster than the speed of sound it seemed. Watson had learned to keep up over the years.
“Of course I did, she was good but not that good; sleeping among the homeless… they work for me, remember” he smiled at the army doctor who swallowed hard, struggling internally not to break down. For months he had been so worried about her and what faith she might have met. Why was Holmes such a sodding dickhead about this?
Morning came before she knew it and she hurried home to cook breakfast for her daughter. She tried not to smile too much at the thought of actually being in the same room with her. It was too rare an occurrence lately. She had just finished plating up when she came in through the door.
“I think you’ll find I just did” he mocked her. “Graham!” Sherlock Holmes turned to greet the DI with a clearly forced smile.
Holmes’ barely acknowledged her presence and she couldn’t deny that hurt feeling in the pit of her stomach as he went straight for the dead girl on the slab.
“I’m fine John” Sherlock growled and walked over to the young woman. He moved her hair out of the way and looked at her neck. He moved his face close to her skin and sniffed.
“No, it’s okay!” he brushed his hand over her cheek and gently lifted her face to make her look back into his eyes. “I’m here now”
This could only come back to bite her… And she did consider leading him to a false address; but wouldn’t that become awkward if he did stalk her? Oh. She never could win.
On the kitchen table; in amongst Sherlock’s latest experiments that seemed to be the only things untouched; sat a young woman… completely naked and obviously high off of her face.
He finished his reply and hit send, opening the next ‘heart-breaking’ case in email form. And so passed his day.
“Well, yes… but not like that” John Swallowed. “I thought you had figured that out, about the hug by the way… Thought you’d seen it on her dress or my shirt or something…” John was still smiling softly at his best friend.
He softly swirled the tip of his finger around the sensitive puckering outside. And Sherlock’s hands started kneading softly; letting John know he was causing him pleasure.
“Does any of the regular churchgoers seem a bit on edge?” Sherlock was struggling not to let his annoyance show. Why didn’t people think?
John had no idea what had caused or triggered this… but it was a reaction he knew all too well from himself and his fellow veterans.
“I don’t believe you” John rubbed his jaw. All the tooth-grinding he had done to bite back his anger seemed to have made his jaw muscles cramp.
He pulled awkwardly at the still open jacket, feeling it against his naked skin. He was just about to close the door behind him; headed for the stairs, for freedom.
“A few days, judging by the colour, hard to tell on the screen and in that light… uhm, is that her?” John shuddered uncomfortably.
In truth, it was in her pocket. She would never dream of using or selling his gear; no matter how desperate she had been. It was the last of him she owned…
“The cocaine bottle was not meant for me” He decided he could just as well continue talking; perhaps that was the only way to get him unstuck.
“I hope you washed your hands before you started gnawing at your knuckle. I do also know how you feel about germs” The devil continued speaking to her.
“Where did you sleep last night, you did sleep?” She was scanning her own daughter; unsure what she was looking for. She couldn’t remember the last time she saw her smile.
“Forget about her” he held onto her chin and kissed her lips softly. “This will help” he opened his hand and revealed a pink pill. Her mouth grew dry.
“I’m not leaving you, mate” John’s voice bore clear signs of being overwhelmed by those pesky emotions, too…
“Elephant” she spoke to the empty room, as if it could work retrospectively; her voice little more than a creak.
Holmes and Watson were standing in the shadows watching the police do their work closely. Not a word was uttered between them but John couldn’t help but worry for his friend. It obviously pained him not to be involved.
He moved now, sliding his cold body against hers that was on fire and every inch he moved more of her skin was ripped from her bones. He rose up only to throw himself down on her; slamming his full body weight against her; putting his lips over hers and forcing his sandpapered tongue into her mouth; destroying her lips and tearing apart her tongue and the roof of her mouth.
“We’re going home. Doctor’s orders. There’s more important things in this world” the soldier said bravely. Sherlock was still struggling with the words. He was still under the haze.
It was a cold sound. A harsh sound that brought her back to reality with a jolt. She was slipping in and out of consciousness because of the pain that was ever present and she would rather stay under.
“So, we’re looking for a man who is unstable, possibly schizophrenic?” John’s mouth was dry as he could not take his eyes off of her face.
John couldn’t find a single word… so he did what two normal people in a similar situation would have done…
“Oh” he looked at her with open mouth. He had apparently angered her. Perhaps he had dug too deep too soon. He still hadn’t gotten anywhere near what he really wanted from her.
Just as she thought she should give it a try a text came through. From him… from Paul. She felt the muscles in her stomach tighten uncomfortably.
She spent the hours grooming and re-grooming herself. She plucked and removed hairs from places, re-did her makeup enough times… every time having a sinking feeling that if she made the smallest mistake she would pay for it.
Tears streaked her ashen cheeks… Her dark eyes almost black. One hand clutched at her stomach, the other hugging the doorframe to keep herself on her feet… but somehow it didn’t seem connected to the retching she did earlier…
He had been there all along; all Sherlock had to do was wake him up and ask for his help. And he chose this!
“Don’t, please… don’t leave me here again” She managed shuffle to get her clothes back on; at least enough to make herself half decent when she got back on her feet. The pleasure died between her legs as her fear took over.
“I know, must be good to be back at it! Ooh you have a picture of that sweet girl there”. Mrs. Hudson pointed to the wall she had been so concerned about before. “What was her name again?”. Sherlock was rarely in the mood for her goings on, this time he couldn’t stand for it.
Sherlock had begged, almost clawing at John’s knees to allow him to go full cold turkey: despite John’s better knowledge as a healthcare professional.
John’s hands caressed Sherlock’s hips as he was working himself all the way inside; until he made it to the hilt and his hips met with Sherlock’s.
She got on her feet and glared at the map with 5 pins placed at the locations the young girls had been found. A new place every time. But always a damp and dark basement with water pipes in the ceiling. There was no clear pattern and it frustrated her beyond words.
He gave no answer though. He knew too well he was in an irritable mood today… sometimes silence was simply the best solution; with him being in this annoying state.
“I think it’s enough now…” Sherlock whispered and patted John on the back. John was reluctant to let go but he did out of respect. Sherlock’s tears had stopped at last.
“Tell me what he did to you” he walked closer to her. She stayed where she stood. Transfixed. Offering him the riding crop. “What did he say? Mira answer me!” he was now standing right in front of her. Her bottom lip quivered. He rolled his eyes and took the riding crop from her cold hands.
“Thank you; I think we better stop here” Celia smiled kindly at the grieving sister and clicked the button that stopped the recording. “We’ll catch him I promise” She vowed as she showed her out.
“Why would I want to do that?” he turned halfway to face her better. He looked genuinely confused for a second.
“Mira!?” Sherlock’s voice bellowed through the hallways. It resonated through, echoing. He opened the door and there she was. She was not alone though.
“No” she coughed and tried to poise herself. “No. Don’t do that. That’s not it” It took tremendous strength for her to supress the stutter again now that it had surfaced.
It was almost a physical transformation that happened; of Sherlock shrinking into that young man he was back then… back when…
The evidence of physical torture and bullying was heart-breaking (not that Holmes was known to have one to break). But of course the young man was refusing to press charges… taking the fall himself. Including his own father’s wrath.
“Does it matter now?” the tall man barked back, his eyes trained on what had become his info wall on this particular case. Watson’s silence told him it wasn’t answer enough for him. A few minutes later Sherlock finally explained. “I would need a picture to show my homeless network; she kept changing her name. She was good; she almost escaped me a few times…” his green eyes zoomed in on her picture. John was glaring at it as well.
The minister had nothing to add and the people who were photographed and recorded entering and leaving the church didn’t seem out of place, if only they had something to go on, anything… not even a strand of hair did they have.
Eventually Sherlock agreed with himself that it was probably best for John’s own sake… the hug. He had always seemed to indulge in those things… so even when his senses slowly started to surface he fought the impulse to shove him away.
“Have you been a good girl?” the voice on the other end laughed before she even made a sound. Her face froze. Her entire body turned to ice from the inside out.
Facing the TV she tried to tune herself in to actually watch what was on the screen. It was always running; especially at night. It was a sort of pacifier for her; most sounds that would normally startle her could be excused as only coming from the television set…
I have several more chapters typed up, but I am attempting to post one per week (mostly on Thursdays) to assume a more steady posting schedule.
And Sherlock was falling apart on the bed in front of him. His fingers twitched and his cock was now wet with precum.
Deep down John did know he didn’t officially live there anymore but the thought of her was unbearable. She was the devil personified.
The woman looked at the case that was spread out on her desk. Her fingers reached for the coffee cup and she gulped the stale remnants of it down. This would be another long night. Another young woman found naked and strangled. 4 so far. The pictures made her cringe. This reminded her of what made her become a DI back in the day; she wanted to rid the world of the sick and twisted people who did this and put the families of their victims through hell.
Holmes looked at his watch. The debate would be starting now. If his calculations were correct she would be on her way to a hotel to meet with him soon. He steepled his fingers under his chin. The wheels were in motion.
“Sherlock do… do you need a break?” Watson was shivering slightly; not only over seeing that particular woman in that state but most of all to see Sherlock react this way. It was almost as if he cared.
“Lucy!” Her mother beamed. The girl grunted at that. “Have breakfast with me in the morning and we’ll talk about it, all right?”. She bit her lip harder.
He crouched down and touched the floor where he could tell she had been sitting. “He undressed her and put the chain around her hands. She would have been pretty catatonic”. John felt a lump in his throat and coughed. “She was used to being treated like that… I don’t think our killer liked that though; he seems to have hesitated”. Sherlock continued.
An inexplicable peace suddenly washed over Cat as she dried herself yet again. She swallowed a lump in her throat and took a deep breath; accepting that this would be another sleepless night… it was going to hurt… and it wouldn’t do anything good for her anxiety and panic attacks… but she was going to survive. As she had done so before… that was the plan.
Oh the lies you could make yourself believe when you’re desperate enough… The all too brittle straws you grasp at…
Kneeling down in the same motion John slid Sherlock’s comfortable trousers down; leaving Sherlock only wearing his bulging white pants.
It was far from the best method but she hated the oily feeling of the makeup remover she did own. It always slurred her vision and the thought of that scared her.
Oh how she wanted the power to slow down time, just to relish him… this was all moving too fast… soon he would be gone… again…
Her stomach was in knots. She felt full and empty at the same time. Her entire being felt hollow and she couldn’t stop feeling like she was all alone in the world. Entering the gate of her school she did hear a few people calling her name but it never registered. Upon seeing the empty seat next to hers in the classroom she bit into her lip and ran out of there without any clue of where she was going to end up.
“Thank you, Greg! Can always count of you!” She smiled at the older DI who placed a cup of fresh coffee in front of her.
John took the lube again as he got into position behind Sherlock and put the edge of the tube to his backside; prying the buttocks gently open.
Suddenly John slowed down inside of him; making long hard strokes as he began to gush; cumming inside of Sherlock’s body and Sherlock felt it; he felt the spurts hit the sensitive walls. And it took him over the edge.
“Off with your shirt” John stopped once the two of them stood in front of the bed. It was another breathy; begging order.
He replied with a nod and John moved on the bed after having helped Sherlock get his hands in front of him; allowing Sherlock to get into position.
Realizing it wasn’t going to get much better she sighed and packed away the makeup. One half of her brain trying to mother the other more neurotic part.
“What exactly am I going to think coming to find you like this in the middle of the night, while a woman high on drugs is helping you search for God knows what, naked even!??”
“I want a full report of the stomach content” he straightened up again, never taking her eyes off Mira, but speaking to Molly who nodded. Still trying to put a finger on this whole thing. John kept to his usual place when they were at the morgue, in the back simply observing , this time more than ever observing his friend. Worryingly.
Half of him wanted to hug Sherlock, pull him close and save him from all the monstrous demons that had brought him to this point…
“Oh” The consulting detective seemed hurt by the news. “Is that a new hairclip?” he pointed at the butterfly that hugged her ponytail. She knew his methods. He could always melt her. “Come on, no one will know” he winked his green eye at her. Molly held her breath and obliged.
His long, razor sharp fingers reached her throat; his slender arms still growing longer. His hands wrapped around her throat; strangling her slowly. So slowly she was begging him to hurry up and get it over with.
What she really needed was a long, long and way too hot shower. She wanted to wash all of Paul away from her being.
John leapt from the table and steered right to where Sherlock’s coat was hanging. There he grabbed the long blue scarf that hung over it; and Sherlock could almost see and follow John’s thought process. He at least wished he could… the anticipation was slowly starting to get the better of him.
“Already?” She was trying not to sound too impressed. She did need him but she didn’t want to. “And I will make sure you get everything you need”
The woman fumbled to grab her morning pills and washed them down with the last swallow of the magical liquid.
She swallowed and nodded; knowing well she wasn’t granted permission to speak… trying to remember all his changing whims to avoid his wrath.
“Thank you for cooperating, Billy” she smiled back at him and they both sat down. “Where were you Monday evening till Tuesday?” She looked into his eyes and he swallowed hard.
He never told John this… but there had been a time it was so bad Sherlock had crawled into John’s bed and held him carefully trying to calm him down… fearing he would suffer a heart attack from his clearly dangerously elevated heartrate.
John knew it was a hint about his previous social life… perhaps he had seen quite a few women since he returned injured from the war… but it was certainly not something the other would ever let go.
“Is Jack nice to you then?” Despite the anger in her daughter’s voice she just wanted to hear her talk. A shrug of the shoulder was all she got.
He opened a door and there she stood in front of him. Alive and as well as she would have been when she was. She looked at him nervously and Holmes took a deep breath.
His hands moved upwards towards her hips, as he continued to rasp his tongue over the wound. Cat tried to scream but no sound came from her lips either. She was at the mercy of this shadow-man.
“Leila” he moaned her name; just before his lips met with hers; claiming her mouth; pushing her back onto the floor
“Mira hated hugs too” John bit into his lip. Sherlock’s eyes fluttered open as he glared straight into John’s.
He had the best source for witless romantic babble at his hands. Opening John’s emails he went digging; this time paying a bit more attention to the wording rather than just treating it as comic relief.
Her own thoughts had started an internal argument where she was the eternal loser. A voice inside her seemed convinced that she knew what she had coming… advocating that she had the choice to leave or not having gone in the first place. Finding every little mistake she might have made… defending Paul and his actions as well.
She was though somehow and in a forlorn way happy that this girl had no family she would have to contact. It was a horrible thought though. For some reason she caught herself gently striking her pale cheek before they closed the body bag. Possibly her mother instinct kicking in.
Celia’s hands were shaking as she was trying to prepare the breakfast. She had no idea how Lucy would take the news. First her father and now her best friend. It was not fair. She knocked on her daughter’s bedroom door.
“Why can’t you do it yourself?” He already knew that the other one expected him; skipping all niceties, to send her a text. But still he seemed to try to school him… perhaps in time it would help make him more… human? Decent?
In the middle of the night he kicked himself awake; having managed to tangle himself up in the blanket. Where did that stupid blanket even come from?
Sherlock was fidgeting with his phone. Not much of a talker today John thought… nothing new there. It could be like talking to a wall some days. Or a moody teenager in a grown man’s body. As he stood there, his fingers tapping away.
“Let me guess, a crack whore?” John snapped cruelly. Much more cruelly than he intended; but he was overwhelmed with rage at this point.
“I’m trying to work!” he looked at her with annoyance painted on his face. She shook her head and smiled.
Every cupboard was flung open and every single item had been turned inside out; papers scattered, glasses thrown and broken, drawers emptied right on the floor, cutlery sprayed like landmines with the shards of glass.
‘William’ observed this and felt a moment of pride. This was all going to plan. She was warming up to him.
Suddenly he bolted towards the steps, crouched down and took a good look, his fingers carefully touching the dust.
I am clawing my way back to the surface... and trying to make new plans for my life from this point on. This has cancelled all expectations of what is considered a 'normal' life... so yeah. It's been a mouthful to swallow.
“I love that song” she tried to compensate for her social anxiety by being the first to speak. Trying to persuade herself that it gave her some small advantage. An inch of control over the situation.
Not long after; there he was knocking on her door. She looked through the peephole to see him standing there. He smiled kindly; as if he knew she would be doing just that.
Ida was a prime example… Once upon a time she had been a bright young woman with a future ahead of her… until a man she honestly thought loved her got her hooked on cocaine and morphine… all for his own pleasure. The drugs had slowly but surely fried her brain and only once in a blue moon did ghosts of her old self resurface.
It took several almost-knocks before she finally did knock. It felt to her as if her heart stopped and she physically felt the blood stop running through her veins.
“Oh right, of course” John said and got up massaging the back of his neck that had grown stiff as he had nodded off.
She found the latest victim and carefully laid her on the slab, preparing her for the examination. Molly found herself procrastinating and taking her time with the external investigations. She was hoping Sherlock would burst through the doors and take over soon. Oh how she longed for company. His company to be precise.
“Oh what I wouldn’t do to that fine little body of yours… You know, I would love to run my hand over that perfect rounding of your ass right now. Of mine I should say” he laughed. Reminding her once again that all that she was, was his.
“I’m sorry Lucy, I really am” the woman tried to reach out to her daughter but she only took a step back, out of reach.
She gasped; her hips bucking upwards towards him. Her body hungered for pleasure… she had been numb for far too long.
“I do not need your help; we’ve got this covered” she held her stance. Holmes rolled his eyes at her.
With a few steps forward he was standing right in front of her and gently, too gently, moved her hair away from her face. He brushed the large, flattened pad of his thumb over the bruise; applying enough pressure to make it throb dully.
“Sherlock?” she gasped. It was always difficult to see him weak. He was Mr Smart-ass, always having a comeback remark…
That was chiselled into the grey stone. He wanted to remember her as the sweet and righteous girl he raised with her mother. Before the devil possessed both women.
“Ah well. But we better get cleaned up! You made a mess” John crawled onto the floor and picked Sherlock up; giving him a slap on the arse.
“Yes, He needed her to stay lucid; remember the marks on the stairs, John? She was knocked unconscious when he brought her there.“ He reminded the doctor. Sherlock turned her slightly and found the bump on the back of her head.
Lucy was torturing herself going through her stored text conversations with Kelly. She couldn’t believe it. She was expecting a reply any minute. Just like she still did with her father years later. She couldn’t accept it. It was too unfair and seemed all too cruel.
John frowned. That was really not fair. It was an all too depressing statistic. And quite frankly it pissed him off that Sherlock could be so cold about that.
Sherlock was torn out of his frozen state by the faint ringing of his phone downstairs in the living room. He swiftly left the sleeping man and found it.
She let him walk away. She wanted to run after him and cling to him; beg him to come back… but it was worthless. She had tried that already…
“I see you’re aroused already” he looked up at Sherlock who seemed to blush in reaction to John’s observation. It was not that he was ashamed; but when they played these games Sherlock’s frame of mind and his awareness of himself became altered.
“huh?” John stopped typing mid-sentence. “On what?” He grabbed his mug and took a sip. It was always worth to hear his friend; Mr ‘I know everything’ admit that he needed an expert… even implying that there was someone better than him…
“Well you know where to find me if you change your mind. How is Lucy doing?” he looked carefully at her.
“He has taken your tongue, you are truly lost” he moved her long hair out of the way and put the cord around her neck. “I will liberate you, poor soul” he caressed her cheek and she froze.
Her shoulders hurt so much; the back of her head was throbbing heavily and her cheeks were hot and stinging from all of the slapping. She was glaring angrily at the open bible on the chair; the only furniture in the barely lit room.
“No need to worry Ma’am” Molly looked at the metal door that kept Mira Jensen. A girl she actually wished she was… Why could she not get over Sherlock? Why?
“Do you know her family, we will need to contact them” the DI whispered to Watson trying to give Sherlock Holmes peace to work.
“Hills was gay, she had a girlfriend. Oh God. Don’t tell her parents!” his eyes widened. “I promised her I wouldn’t tell…”
“She was sure we would never meet again…” Sherlock spoke, mostly to himself and his own mental notes as he examined her naked cold torso. He was tracing a newly formed scar in the shape of an S on her breast, now a matching pair to the A on her other.
She could still feel the cut though; the feeling of it seemed to rotate in a circle… round and around. She could hear her own breathing. But… that wasn’t her breathing. Holding her breath, she still heard it. It was a wheezing more than a breath.
“I thought they would usually have treated that during the early teenage years?” it seemed a bit more like showing off his knowledge than it was worry. The ‘William’ facade was cracking a bit; and Sherlock peeked through.
She was aware what strength it took for him to form an apology. Even when it didn’t sound all too sincere.
“Sherlock” John gasped. He was not in the mood for jokes. But it was true. She had already been pronounced dead once to the press; the illegitimate daughter of late media mogul Charles Augustus Magnussen.
The man was sitting on a chair looking at her. His bible resting in his lap. She was working hard on ignoring the pain from her shoulders as they were slowly working themselves out of their joints.
John began to move now; for real. He pushed in deep with each thrust he made… John was free to groan in excitement and he didn’t hold back.
He turned the page of the holy book and mouthed the words to himself. Her teeth dug into her bottom lip.
“Religious beliefs?” John wondered as he came back with his cup. Sherlock took it right out of his hands and took a sip.
“Come here, you machine” John had used that word before but this time it was a soft, caring chuckle from him as he opened his arms. Sherlock looked at him confused. “I know I need a hug after today, it’s going to help stop the tears” John was careful as he said this. He understood Sherlock’s reservations and boundaries but he also knew he needed a friend right now.
“Oh” Greg scratched the back of his head and took a close look at the picture. “I’ve seen her before” he put his cup down.
“No, I knew a girl once who allowed me to examine her self-inflicted cuts; this is definitely from a metal chain; have a look at the erratic lacerations”. Molly’s eyes widened a little. She never did like to hear him talk about other female acquaintances. No matter what state they were in.
“You mean she’s careful, guarded? I wouldn’t blame her.” John attempted; remembering quite well that picture Sherlock had shown him.
Sorry for the hiatus. I haven't been doing too well lately. Things have been going on in my life recently, one of them being that not only was I finally officially diagnosed with PTSD (what I always knew I had...) I've been diagnosed with severe PTSD from chronic and repeated trauma; which in short means even with years and years worth of treatment I will never get much better no matter how hard I fight it.
John had gone to bed, and the flat had fallen silent; safe for Sherlock who was tapping away on a laptop. He was reading up on the recent online gossip about his main target. Not Cat… but the man who caused that bruise to her unnaturally pale face.
“So, we’re going to go in there when they clear off then?” John broke the hour long silence. Holmes nodded.
Sherlock knew he had already boiled water enough for the second cup. He knew the answer… but for whatever reason he felt compelled to ask.
“I was here. I was right here!” He pointed towards the bedroom. “All you had to do was tell me“ John’s anger was burning white hot.
“Hmm” he mused. “maybe the couch is softer then?” he pointed to the dark corner of the room. She swallowed hard.
“Member of the public; she fits the MO” Donovan informed her. She was already putting her coat on ready to run out of there. The team were underfoot.
Curiously she rubbed her cheeks; she was apparently so unaccustomed to smiling that it hurt her facial muscles.
Passing her he brushed against her shoulder and it made her jump; as if every fibre in her being shied away from the human contact.
He pushed her dress up and pulled her panties to the floor in what seemed like one motion; her knuckles were already white as she held on to the wood. The woman felt nauseous to the point of retching.
She reached for her drink to deal with the uncomfortable feeling of a pressure she felt in her chest. All her head did was make counter arguments against his words.
“I think he’s got a voice in his head controlling him” Sherlock suddenly mumbled, bending down taking his magnifier out as he pushed the dead girl onto her side and took another good look at her marks on the back of her neck. “It’s as if he had a battle with himself, one hand was tightening the cord while the other was trying to loosen it”.
He was fidgeting with the cord in his jacket pocket with one hand as the other placed a rose on the grave in front of him.
“Is it your daughter you worry for? I can tell you’re worried from that slight quiver in your hand and the fact that your eyes keep darting towards your phone. She fits the victims profile, doesn’t she?”. She stood up as he spoke. Her mouth open and her hand balling into a fist.
“She’s not been dead long they say” the female DI informed the consulting detective. He remained frozen.
But looking up from the screen and seeing him curled up peacefully breathing with a low snore it made his lips curl into a reluctant smile for some inexplicable reason.
He moved his lips away from hers but still stood pressed against her; holding her up with his own body.
“I was worried about her, as a doctor and as a human being. She was in a bad way” the army doctor shrugged. “How did you feel about her? Or should I say think” he rephrased himself. He knew Sherlock wasn’t a fan of feelings…
Her fingers barely cooperated as she opened the message. It was him, wasn’t it? Fuck. Please let this have been the first message she prayed… she didn’t want to deal with those consequences.
The female DI tried hard not to show her emotions as her only daughter abruptly hung up on her. Holmes was watching her closely from a distance. She could not let him see her moment of weakness. She couldn’t afford that.
“You know her?” Celia looked curiously at the two men. Sherlock didn’t move a muscle. He looked almost like a deer stuck in headlights.
She put her hair in the usual side-braid and left a strand of it to fall down over the side of her face; hoping it would hide that mark she was already all too tired of looking at.
She staggered out of the booth and washed her hands thoroughly. And then once more before taking her medicine.
“Well you certainly look human” ‘William’ laughed so hard his whole body moved and some of his curls bobbed around. “Okay then” he changed the subject for her; every little twitch of her body told him she was about to leave; too soon.
But it happened. At first she was able to keep quiet, then small cries made it out as he pounded himself into her so roughly and fast that it hurt and burned.
“Please don’t, I… Please!” she sobbed as he was struggling with unhooking her corset. She froze completely as his hands worked on removing her skirt and then her underwear leaving her naked on the clammy and grimy floor. She was shaking violently as he bound her hands.
“Cat? Short for Catherine… or like a furry one?” he chuckled; still attempting to make her feel at ease with him.
His long body felt heavy; and he relished that feeling. It allowed him to stay where he was; it slowed down his ability to act on the urges… the very urges that were always there in the background; no matter how hard he had tried to deny their existence.
“Kelly Middleton” she let him know as she finished opening the bag and positioned the body on the slab. Holmes was putting on his gloves and getting his magnifier out; ready to have a look.
The tall man bowed down and sniffed Mira’s neck, softly moving her hair out of the way. Molly had seen him handle almost as many dead bodies as herself but there was something different with the way he treated this one. And she didn’t like it one bit. He donned gloves and opened her mouth and looked at her teeth.
“Ida is on the verge of an overdose, I might have miscalculated her dose. Where is your heart, Doctor?” Sherlock dryly emphasised Watson’s title.
“Put your hands behind your head” John asked; already helping Sherlock move them… John softly touched the nape of his neck and he drew a sharp breath in.
Only now, too late, she realized he was recreating a fond shared memory… in the hassle and haze of all that happened he had managed to find his kit in her jeans.
“I’m really not at liberty to disclose anything of the sort” the minister was calm. Sherlock bit his lip about to lose his patience completely. Just then his phone rang and he excused himself to the man.
Sherlock found himself on his knees; tears trailing down his cheeks. In his hand he held the letter opener that he to his horror had no memory of grabbing. His hand was clenched around the handle so tight his knuckles turned white.
Holmes and Watson cleared off soon after when Sherlock claimed to have seen enough and said he would have a better look at her at the morgue and was sure he could come a lot closer.
Molly Hooper smiled at Sherlock as he entered the morgue with John. She was just about to open the body bag Kelly Middleton had arrived in when they came. His timing was always impeccable. She had been informed of the change of status regarding Sherlock Holmes and it did please her. She couldn’t deny that.
Deep down she even hoped this time it was spiked so she wouldn’t have to remember or even be conscious for the exploits of the night.
She was a deadweight, all knocked out from the blow to the head. That was not part of the plan. He huffed and puffed as he managed to drag her off down the stairs to the basement under the library. He carefully removed her black clothes before he tied the chain around her wrists and hoisted her up; tying her to the water pipe in the ceiling.
John pushed the head back in, and sank himself a little deeper. He continued to move slowly; slowly letting himself sink deeper into Sherlock. Making sure there was room for him with each soft thrust.
Sitting herself on her bed; the telly already running the tears clouded her vision again. She could feel his hands… she could feel him inside her…
In the stall she lifted up her dark dress with shaky hands. Sitting down did hurt as she expected it to and she did all she could not to cry out. Her hip was buzzing from Paul’s hand. He had hit just on the bone; he seemed to know what he did.
Tipping the book toward himself he started the mechanism that unlocked and opened the entrance; a bookcase turned outwards revealing the room.
John’s hands had almost crushed his shoulder blades… and now he seemed to realize it; so instead John carefully circled his palms into his pale scarred back; rubbing slowly… and just like earlier that night, on the bed, it did seem to have that soothing effect.
To his own frustration his bottom lip quivered ever so slightly. Unwelcome images of well tucked away memories popped up and flashed before his eyes.
She got her pills from her jacket and swallowed one, cleared her throat and watched the forensic team secure what they could from the young woman. No hope of as much as the slightest fingerprint, obviously. Too much to hope for.
Seeing a shadow move she was brought back to the anxiety and dialled… and it was ringing… and ringing.
“Who found her?” She stood up and tried to look professional just as she had done with the last few new victims of this specific serial killer.
Her shoulders had been dislocated for a while now and her sobbing only got louder, echoing against the thick walls back to her. For once she could not stop; she had lost control over herself and the harder she tried to regain that control the harder she cried. She didn’t mind the pain. But she felt more alone than ever.
“He had a plan with all of these girls, I don’t think he was just out to kill them… He might have given them a choice” he wet his meaty lips.
“Sherlock. What happened? Please?” she walked up to him; gently running the back of her hand against his cheek. She could still feel the dampness of where that one teardrop of his had been.
“Mira is dead Sherlock, you can’t play Master and Sub with her anymore. You won; she is dead because you were so proud”. John was surprised at his own passive aggression. It only made Sherlock huff.
“Finally!” Sherlock smiled widely at the incoming text. “Coming?” he raised his brow at John who was busily typing away on his blog.
Sherlock reluctantly got on his feet slowly, still shivering as he let the shorter man put his arms around him. He wanted to push him away somehow. Hugs. Oh how he hated that gesture of sentiment. But he was desperate, he wanted the water to stop running down his cheeks. It had to stop!
Holmes was now holding a few strands of her hair between his fingers before he took a stroll around her body. He went to the pile of clothes; the first thing he noticed was her black faux fur coat. He was nodding and obviously talking to himself inside of his own head. To the outside world he was almost painfully silent.
“How’s it going?” Greg’s kind eyes smiled at her as hers met his. She just shook her head and sighed in reply “That bad, eh?” he raised his brow. “Is Sherlock any help?” he sipped his own coffee. Celia bit her lip.
As the unwelcome thoughts overwhelmed her she couldn’t hold the nausea back. Frantically reaching for the toilet she couldn’t stop it.
The minute the blood started flowing she felt lighter; lighter than air even as if it was liquid lead that was oozing from her body. Her lips parted and she licked them.
“If she knew how many grey hairs she’s caused me! She owes me one of her hair dyes by now” She chuckled.
The other half wanted to kick him and take out all the blind anger on him; punish him for breaking his promise… for ruining the progress he had already made.
“You’ve got great taste” the way he looked at her made it seem like he wasn’t talking about the contents of his glass.
“She was a working girl apparently, I don’t know… who the hell knows when Sherlock Holmes is involved… but she died 4 months ago, overdosed, Holmes found her. Apparently she turned out to be the daughter of Charles Augustus Magnussen” Lestrade shrugged his shoulder and went back to his own office, leaving the female DI with more questions than answers.
So, John continued to push his finger out and in to the second joint; rhythmically slow… until; again without warning he quickly pushed in to the knuckle. The result was another hip buck. John made sure to keep his finger away from Sherlock’s prostate. Not yet… not yet!
“John” Sherlock verbally tried to pad out what he was going to say next. He braced for the impact. “I was looking for the last remaining cocaine bottle”. He confessed; emotionless.
“You’re sure the murderer is a man?” John coughed trying to get Sherlock back on track. He knew exactly who Sherlock was referring to and the subject always made him uncomfortable.
The man growled as he kissed her again, this time with even more force. His hands hurriedly yet skilfully undid her jeans.
Celia returned to her desk after having slept and refuelled at home. She would have preferred not to but she had to in order to function. She knew they had to do all in their power.
“Don’t you want a look at Jennie Taylor too? I think she was the 5th victim”. She offered. Anything to keep Sherlock around even if she did know by now that it would never amount to anything.
“Fuck it. I’m going. Lucy, you coming?” he was already on his way off to the pub and she was right behind.
Without hesitation; eagerly even, Sherlock offered his wrists to him. He; himself doing a bad job of seeming uninterested…
Stepping over the threshold to the room he seemed to have to break through an invisible but yet physical barrier.
Strangely; even to her, she didn’t fight him. Her breathing slowed down; her tensed muscles softened. She accepted the hug.
People were already scattering to get out of there and to the scene of the crime. She was quick on her feet.
Hours after she reached into the pocket of her jeans. Gone was the metal box she had had a bad habit of fondling for all these years… it was replaced with an envelope.
“Ah, Hello Molly!” Holmes greeted the woman with long brown hair in a high ponytail who was just starting her shift at St. Bart’s morgue. She had her hands on a human heart she was about to dissect and nearly dropped it.
“Of course” his hands were fidgeting slightly. “Is this about Annie?” he looked at her and took a deep breath.
Sherlock had returned to Baker Street where he found John typing on his laptop. Holmes threw the file on the table and not long after he had plastered the wall with pictures of poor dead women, damp basements, maps, parts of autopsy reports and a list of possible characteristics about the killer.
Spike, who looked like he’d barely exerted any effort keeping up with them, appeared and grabbed Sherlock by the throat.
“Indeed. Well, we’ll proceed as planned. But in the case that you do become overwhelmed, we will try to play off that you are new to the scene and here because you are trying to appeal to my interests.”
.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
“They won’t be able to keep up. Spike and Drusilla will be expecting them and will have taken precautions. These may be the most cunning killers I’ve ever encountered, John. Nothing will get past Drusilla. I still can’t work out how they have managed to kill so many people in such a short time without accomplices, but I’m absolutely certain she is the mastermind behind the operation.”
John couldn't tell if Sherlock was sincerely flirting or if they were supposed to be getting into character, but either way, he was feeling brave. He'd opened the door and he wasn't going to waste this opportunity to use his considerable seduction skills on Sherlock. “Oh, I’ll show you harder, Sherlock.” John cringed as soon as the words left his mouth. It seemed that his bravery might just be bravado. He quickly finished tying up the lacing.
As he spoke, Sherlock was leading him through a curtained doorway into a loud, pulsating room. They made their way to the bar and Sherlock used his magic to lure the bartender’s attention away from the clamoring crowd to order drinks. He pressed a pint into John’s hand, coiling his other arm around John’s waist. “Let’s get into character, shall we?” he rumbled into John’s ear, taking the opportunity to nip at his earlobe. John shivered in response, pressing back into Sherlock. Trust Sherlock to intuit that his earlobes were one of his most erogenous spots, though it seemed like basically anywhere Sherlock touched him was now an erogenous zone. Needing little encouragement, John downed his pint, slamming the empty glass on the bar. He turned around and gripped Sherlock’s hip tightly, likely leaving finger-shaped bruises, and began nibbling a line across Sherlock’s exposed clavicle. He reached up and slipped his fingers beneath the black leather collar, really appreciating how beautifully it contrasted against the pale expanse of Sherlock’s neck. He twisted the collar a bit, causing Sherlock to gasp at the sudden obstruction of his airflow. He pulled Sherlock lower, and began sucking a trail up the straining tendons to the marks he’d made earlier, gently nipping and lapping with his tongue and teeth. He was trying to go slowly, to employ all of his tools of seduction, but it was torture. He lost patience and latched on hard, causing Sherlock to press his neck deeper into John’s mouth, moaning and grinding a hint of an erection into John’s hip.
John looked up at Sherlock and decided that maybe he did, in fact, need to get his point across a bit more firmly. He began slowly tugging the chain, hand over hand, reeling the detective in close, until they were pressed close together. John reached up and pulled Sherlock’s mouth down onto his, kissing him deeply, possessively. Sherlock didn’t struggle, but neither did it seem like his mind was on their kiss. John pressed in tighter, opening his mouth wider and practically devouring Sherlock’s lips, sucking them into his insistent mouth one at a time, pushing in with his tongue provocatively.  When Sherlock began to whimper, and John had to give in to mundane necessities like breathing, he pulled back and pressed his forehead against Sherlock’s. “Promise that you’ll never leave me behind, Sherlock,” he murmured.
“It is two individuals working together but trying to satisfy each other’s interests. Probably a long-time couple.”
hooray, it's finally thursday!  sorry to tease... maybe i should have mentioned that this one was a bit of a slow burn. but don't worry! i think it's going to be well worth the wait. thank you so much for reading, leaving kudos and comments! xo
If you’re listening along to the background music, the boys have their first dance to The Killing Moon by Echo and the Bunnymen. Our villains arrive to Siouxie and the Banshees’ Spellbound. I imagined the last song as something Dead Can Dance-y.
“Great, I’ll just use my adequate intelligence to just make the tea, shall I?” Sherlock ignored him.
A few more level-headed of the force had stopped and taken aim with their guns, but not one of them managed to fire a shot before the two were gone.
Cities in Dust is a combination of two of my old goth club haunts. I was initially going to have three club scenes in the story but I condensed it to two to move the story along, so I ended up mashing together The Embers in Portland (RIP) and Leeland’s City Club in Detroit. Oh, and I tossed in some waiters from the Silverado in Portland too, just for funsies and because that was one of my first eye-opening, hedonistically drunk experiences in Portland and it made me smile to think about old friends and good times while writing this.
“Oh, you are a good little cock slut, aren’t you?” Sherlock fucked John’s mouth with the riding crop while he talked. “I should have deduced sooner how much you wanted me to take you into my control- all the evidence was there. You’ve been staring at me for months. You enjoy it when I order you around. I see how you struggle, pretending that you’re put out. But what you really struggle with is how much you desire to completely submit.” Sherlock pulled the crop out  and wiped the saliva onto John’s cheek, already wet with sweat and tears of frustration. “Well, John. Here you are. Mine. I can see how badly you’d like to come. But you need to make it to twenty, John, or else I’ll have to start over. And it won’t be as nice if you’ve already ejaculated. I’m going to hit you again, now, and you won’t come.” Three lashes again.
“You said you trusted me. Please, John. I can’t sit around waiting for them to act again, and if I’m certain of anything they will. Eli was a warning and a taunt. I can’t let any more of my associates get hurt.”
“Mm, he seems a bit neglected, Sherlock. You may want to reconsider after your case is solved. Perhaps your John will find himself with some free time.”
“They know who we are now- that was the point of enlisting the paparazzi. But I didn’t count on them targeting my people so quickly.” Sherlock sounded irate now.
With the salt of Sherlock’s sweat and skin on his tongue, and the almost unbearable sensation of their erections sliding against one another, it was the only coherent thought in John’s mind.
“No, John. I merely helped him. I have no interest in taking advantage of those unable to provide informed consent.”
The subject of Sherlock’s gaze was a beautiful and androgynous youth. His naturally dark, straight hair was dyed a deep shade of crimson. His delicate features were accentuated with a touch of eyeliner and the barest hint of a deep red stain on his now forever pale lips. John heard Molly Hooper arrive, then stand hesitantly in the doorway fidgeting nervously, toying with her messy side-ponytail and pushing up her large tortoiseshell glasses. Sherlock ignored her for as long as he could stand- which was about four minutes- before he snapped. “Yes, Molly, do come in and share whatever dazzling insights you’re sure to provide.”
Sherlock reached to open the massive door. “No John, I have simply found a better place of refuge. Obviously.”
Sherlock growled into John's ear, evidently noticing that his attention was no longer focused on him. John struggled to bring attention back to the task at hand. He felt a little chagrined at how much he’d let the woman capture his attention, but he couldn’t help but feel a thrill at Sherlock’s possessiveness.  Before he had a chance to ruminate further on that particular sensation, it seemed that both of the new arrivals noticed Sherlock. John could tell that Sherlock knew the moment that he had their attention. She crooked her finger, beckoning Sherlock to join them. Without hesitation, he went into undercover mode. He released John and began dancing toward the couple. While Sherlock had been sexy when dancing with John, John could now tell that dance had been for him. It was understated, intimate. Now, fully in bait mode, he turned on the kind of seduction John had seen him use with clients and victims. It seemed gaudy, in retrospect, but it had been proved effective in the past so John pushed down his jealousy and let Sherlock get to work. His earlier concerns about Sherlock using himself as bait seemed silly now that he saw the suspects, but he kept a wary eye just in case. Not that it was that much of a burden to watch these three Iele converge in their dance.
John too overwhelmed to move. He must have hesitated too long, though, because Sherlock was studying his face with a look of uncertainty and vulnerability that nearly broke John’s heart. He desperately wanted to allay Sherlock’s fears by storming over and claiming what was his. But he waited to move, giving himself time to first show Sherlock what he was thinking, dropping all of his defenses and hiding nothing from Sherlock’s penetrating scrutiny. He let Sherlock see everything- everything that he needed, everything that he felt, everything that he was desperate- but afraid- to say and do. The moment drew on as they regarded each other silently, mutually recognizing that this thing that was about to happen- that needed to happen- was too important to be taken lightly. This was more than just casual sex. This was more than mutual physical attraction, gratification. This was Them.
Sure enough, the thought hadn’t even crossed John’s mind. Sherlock wasn’t finished trying to invoke John’s jealousy, though. He lowered his eyelids seductively and in his most velvet voice said, “Also many of them seem to be obsessed with the- quote- ‘absolute edibility of my ass’.  I must admit, I couldn’t have asked for better fake-vampire bait had I written it myself.” Sherlock paused, then smirked. “Frankly, John, I’m disappointed in you. You’ve got a wide readership. You could have been lauding the merits of my backside for months.”
John figured that Sherlock would likely see through any cover he tried to dream up at this point. His brain still wasn’t functioning at full capacity, and his mouth appeared to be hanging wide open, leaving his ability for response rather limited. And anyway, he was exhausted from hiding how he felt all the the time from the master of deduction. Fuck it, Sherlock finally knew that John found him attractive. It had only been a matter of time. John decided to take a risk. Worst case scenario, Sherlock would ignore the implications and they would move on with their lives. Best case scenario- well, they’d cross that unlikely bridge if it came to it. “Did that when I was seventeen. Just give me a minute to admire the view and I’ll come help you, like I always do.”
“Nineteen.” John was beyond desperate. He was panting. He was drenched in sweat. His dick throbbed beneath him. Every bit of his awareness was concentrated on the buzzing warmth of his battered haunches. He existed solely in a timeless fog of desire. And he waited… and waited. It seemed Sherlock was never going to give him what he needed. He was a desperate, writhing mess. Finally, he couldn’t stop himself from begging. “Please- please, sir.”
John knew Sherlock’s tells well enough to see that he’d managed once again to render Sherlock genuinely shocked. Deciding to have a little fun with this rare advantage, he pressed on. “Yeah, and not just from daytime telly either, before you jump to that conclusion. I’ve been to my fair share of gay bars.”
“Bollocks,” Spike spat as he glared at the brooding man in the corner who was silently watching them. “Dru, we’ve got to go now.”
“Whatever the hell she wants to,” he leered at John. “But I bet she’d be glad to talk to you too, right love?” His face softened as he reached over and delicately took her hand. She stepped forward, eyes still boring into John’s. He wondered if she really thought she was hypnotizing him, or if she just thought they were really gullible. He decided he wouldn’t put money on either scenario.
He opened his eyes and looked pleadingly up at Sherlock, whose face was flushed and glistening, covered in a glaze of sweat, eyes completely dilated and unfocused. Sherlock reached back under the pillow and triumphantly produced a square of foil. He was trying desperately to open it with his greased fingers but he was taking too long for John's liking. John sat up and grabbed it out of his hands, tearing it open with his teeth. He leaned back and very slowly began rolling the condom down, enjoying the tortured look on the desperate man’s face. He reached over for the bottle of lube and began leisurely drizzling a line of cold slick up the detective’s searing cock, giving back a little of the exquisite torture he’d been suffering while buying himself a moment to regain some composure.
“John-” Sherlock tried again to get his attention, but John was decidedly distracted, pressing Sherlock against the bar and nudging his own growing cock into Sherlock’s thigh. He was beginning to formulate a military-grade strategy for how they could probably find a moment to dip into the nearest bathroom, or even an alley, when Sherlock roared and pushed him away firmly.
“Most likely not. Everyone goes to the Batcave, it’s the most popular goth club in London. I’m certain that all of Drusilla’s victims have been there at one time or another, but they won’t recruit from there. Too obvious.”
Sherlock nodded, still looking uneasy. “Good. We are going to let them lead us to their lair tonight, letting them believe that I am their willing victim. Since your acting skills are- lacking-” John punched him in the arm halfheartedly, but Sherlock continued as though uninterrupted. “You will act as though you are coming along to humor me, and to protect me, but that you don’t believe in the legitimacy of their claim to vampirism.”
“But I don’t want to,” she whined, plucking at Sherlock’s sleeve. “I’m not done playing with my kitty.”
“Oh, he means what he always means. It’s fine, I’m tired of watching you two flirt. And anyway we should really get this operation started. I’ll catch you two inside. Be safe.”
“Oh Sherlock, I can’t wait to see what you look like when you have to admit that you’re wrong.” John couldn’t help but laugh at the idea, drawing Irene’s attention back to him. “You should consider the wager, darling.  I’m quite sure John would thank you for it.”
John still wasn’t sure why this was the best plan, but he’d pretty much known that he was going to agree before Sherlock even began explaining. It sounded a bit far-fetched but since it was uncharacteristic of Sherlock not to have sound reasoning behind his plans, he assumed there were some steps that Sherlock had omitted to tell him that made this cover story more soundly logical. Also, though, while he was definitely amenable, he would have to take care to downplay his eagerness to have an opportunity to pretend to be intimate with Sherlock. Sherlock was constantly critical of his poor acting ability, and seeming too authentic would definitely attract Sherlock’s notice. He realized suddenly that Sherlock was looking at him expectantly, waiting for his response. “Okay... sounds dangerous though, using yourself as bait like that.”
Oh life, always thwarting my best plans to just sit and update this. Sorry again for the delay! I have shortened a couple of chapters, now, or rather they've broken off and taken on lives of their own. So the entire story will be extended to more than eight chapters. Perhaps it will be ten- who knows? I've always known where this story was going, but I was never entirely certain of the route.
John laughed as he climbed up onto the bed. He ran his hands lightly over Sherlock’s shoulders and down his chest before pushing him down backward. He began working his way up Sherlock's impossibly long body by trailing light kisses over his legs, nibbling on prominent iliac crests, leaving love bites on each of his ribs, licking a stripe up his sternum, and eventually biting down on the carotid artery. John was naming each body part in his head as he went in an effort to keep himself from losing control and ending this before he got a chance to really enjoy it. They’d waited so long, and John was committed to savoring every moment.
“Yes, John. It seemed rather urgent that I test this hypothesis.” Sherlock stalked toward John’s bed slowly, his voice so deep he was practically growling. “You see, John, I have been developing a theory that you want me to spank you. Shh, before you protest, remember that I never make an assertion without proper evidence. You see, I began working on this particular theory based on the way you were looking at my riding crop last week. You thought I didn’t notice, but you should know by now that I notice EVERYTHING, John, especially when it pertains to you. I observed that as you watched me strike the corpse in the morgue you displayed multiple signs of arousal. Your pupils dilated, your face was flushed, you were producing a rather alarming amount of saliva, and you were stroking your hip repeatedly in the same location as I was thrashing the corpse with this.” Sherlock had finally made it to the side of the bed, and John watched in tortured silence as Sherlock produced his riding crop from the shadows, wrapped his long fingers around its shaft, and began teasing up and down, up and down. “And, John, if that was not evidence enough- which of course it was- the fact that your penis looks painfully engorged as I recall these events tells me everything that I need to know. So be a good little soldier, then, and turn onto your stomach.”
John withdrew the head and Sherlock felt the dread. No. Don’t stop… please! He was begging internally.
“How stupid is she!” he looked through the glass at the woman in the grey suit and the yellow hair. The brim of his nose wrinkling in frustration. He bolted out of there and half a second later he stood in front of Celia Yellow.
“I need to speak to a woman I think. She’s a bit more tough skinned than what I had calculated” he sat up in that moment.
“I need to get to a crime scene” he grunted. “Thank you Molly Hooper” he winked at her and out of the door he was. John straight behind him. Leaving the woman flustered and trying to clear away the evidence of him having been there.
“Yes” Sherlock repeated his previous answer in the exact same tone. “You seem to care an awful lot though” his greenish eyes looked up at his friend, again making his deductions “You’re the one who’s been crying so I suppose I should be asking you?” there was a spite and a distance in his voice.
To Sherlock it might have highlighted his own strength… But John knew another story. It was too easy to go through withdrawals when the next fix was within reach. He would never be clean this way.
Had she done something to offend her? Of course that had to be it. The silent treatment. She would come ‘round soon. It wouldn’t be the first time one had misunderstood the other.
“Kelly!” the old man called out to her angrily. The teenager was not looking back, she had other things on her mind. Little did he know this was the last time he would get to talk to his daughter.
“I don’t even know where she spent her nights this week; a few years ago she was my happy little girl… We told each other everything” She took another large gulp and felt the caffeine slowly take effect. “But at least I’ve still got my daughter” she nodded at herself, reminding herself of the task at hand. Greg nodded too. She straightened her back and put on her business face.
“Thought you could do with another” he pointed to the fresh drink standing next to his own that was nearly untouched.
“What you said about me having a life…” his voice was hushed. His shivering stole its strength away.
Drying herself up she avoided the mirror. She didn’t want to replay an old memory that was already bubbling towards the surface. That was an image she could never forget no matter how hard she tried.
“Might we have a look at Annie Jackson?” he looked at her softly. Molly Hooper put her heart back in the metal bowl and bit into her lip nervously.
The fair-haired man looked so peaceful. When he wasn’t having nightmares he could look so… angelic. Oh what an unnecessarily poetic description!
“Seeing the girl? Tell her she probably should see her GP. It looked like it was quite a blow she took”
“Fuck. you’re hard” John groaned right into his ear and let his fingers trail all the way from thigh; over scrotum and over the string on the back of Sherlock’s cock all the way to the tip that was already oozing precum.
“She is?” DI Yellow wasn’t surprised when the school called her to inform her that her daughter had left class. It wasn’t new… “Things aren’t easy for her, her best friend just died, yes… Kelly Middleton” she informed the school secretary. “Thank you though”. Upon hanging up another pain killer was swallowed.
“Have you been to bed yet?” John yawned entering the living room. He clearly had; he still had bed hair. Another troubled sleep for him, that was evident. Possibly nightmares.
“I miss you” he softened “Mind coming tomorrow night? I need you” he pretended like she had a choice. She nodded even if he couldn’t see her.
John gave the knot a final tug and Sherlock; as he had been instructed to on a previous, and similar occasion tested the knot before letting his bound hands drop. It was for his own benefit… he could well remember how that one time the knot came undone; not having been tight enough as it was one of the first times and John was still trying to find his footing about how soft or rough to go…  had ruined the mood, or rather, it ruined the game, when Sherlock’s hands had sprung free in the heat of the moment.
Sherlock’s heart was racing already… the sweet anticipation of what John would do to him… and the danger of not knowing exactly what.
DI Yellow’s fingernails were tapping impatiently against her coffee cup as she was waiting for Molly Hooper to phone in with her views of the latest dead body. Her eyes were scanning the latest surveillance reports from the church and she nearly spilled the coffee as a kind hand rubbed her tense shoulder.
He grabbed her arms hard and she cried out; shocked. He pushed her into the open van aggressively. The voice barking even louder to him.
“Just paying a visit to a very old friend” he gave her his best forced smile. It made him show his teeth; which always had reminded her of a dog… giving a final warning before he pounced.
“You must have known… but thank you” He ruffled his hair again; almost as if he wanted to tip an imaginary hat to her.
Sherlock seemed so unaccustomed to the gentle touch; a thought that troubled the good doctor deeply.
Was he about to cry? Him!? She hadn’t seen him cry since… since… oh when? They were just young ones then.
“She did, but Sherlock let’s not go there” John calmly informed his friend. Sherlock’s eyes narrowed.
But John pretended that he didn’t hear it; he was far too greedy as well. Gosh… he loved being right there… he loved what he could do with Sherlock at the end of his own cock.
He barely noticed that the other one entered the living room. Sherlock didn’t even notice him sitting himself on the table; facing him… He was far too busy ignoring the persistent prickling of his own skin.
“Sherlock she is obviously high as a kite! You should not even be near something like that in your state! Why? Sherlock. Why?” John’s anger slowly turned to regret.
“I write and paint sometimes, but I used to dance before…” she bit into her tongue; stopping herself. The underlying sadness was evident in her voice.
“Yes” she swallowed “-Master” the word made her throat close. It was nauseating to her. Everything about it was.
He rubbed his bottom lip; his thumb finding the small scar left from last time he had felt the full force of John’s wrath… He probably deserved it that time in the kebab shop…
The woman never made it to her ‘bed’ that night. She felt hands grabbing her arms and perhaps it was the confusion of it all when she gasped:
Sherlock closed the laptop; him having been halfway through an article that had given him no real knowledge anyhow.
“One for me too. I’ll handle her tab” he turned to the bartender. internally he hated that he was forced to slur any bit of his brain with alcohol. But it was all for the good of the case.
With the pain came the realization of what she had done, what this meant. She grabbed for the makeup purse searching for a tissue and her always handy supply of band aids… even if she had made a promise to herself to stop this; she wanted to be ready in case… in case this exact thing happened.
“Homeless network John, they’re truly indispensable” Sherlock smiled. “If we’re quick we can make it there before Scotland Yard!” and the two men were soon out of the door.
He attempted a retreat to the palace of his own mind in search of some sort of distraction from this horrendous boredom.
John sucked his bottom lip in between his teeth, held it and released it; his body betraying his wish to seem calm and collected. At least unaffected.
“Please” he repeated it, for fear of not being heard, putting what little strength he could muster behind such alien words.
“You are the one leaving me…” John seemed to regret his words the second they trailed off his blushing lips.
“Just go straight home; there’s ice cream in the freezer. Don’t talk to anyone, just go home” Celia felt her hand begin to shiver and remembered Holmes’ words. Yes, of course she worried.
“Yes, of course. Miss Middleton was knocked unconscious before arriving, did you not notice the marks on her cheeks?” he was looking at her.
A smiley in faded yellow spray paint on the wallpaper peaked up under the chronological line of pictures of the young victims.
“I’ve had to employ Sherlock Holmes” she informed her carefully. “You and I both know it wasn’t easy for me so I hope you won’t make it any harder” she looked into her eyes. Sally’s eyes were narrowing slightly.
“Sherlock?” John looked worriedly at him. This was not his usual Mind Palace state. Something was wrong. John was reminded of the Baskerville case.
And there it was. The end. A painful end. A desperate end. She wriggled in her last moments. She might have come to terms with her fate but she still struggled as the cord tightened around her throat cutting off her air supply. Human nature at its finest.
But John was in charge of the nights… and he had accounted for his eagerness by stating that he would not be getting much sleep at home either way with the new born screaming bloody murder when she woke up hungry; a situation he had guessed his wife Mary would be more suited to handle.
“Greg” She looked up at him and heaved a sigh, her voice lowered to a whisper “Get Holmes, I need him” she admitted. Greg smiled at her.
“John… I…” His voice was croaky. “I need you” Holmes’ teeth seemed to hug his lower lip; he took heavy breaths “Now more than ever”
Sherlock didn’t want to admit it… but he had actually ended up enjoying the feeling of those fingers. They worked.
She jumped to remove the blade that still laid on the table after her little ‘mistake’. She went to find a dress to put on; finding her fingers fidgeting helplessly with it; but eventually she got dressed… running to the bathroom to check her face for imperfections; at least those she had a chance to correct…
He was nodding off. As soothing as it was to Sherlock it was to him and far too soon for Sherlock’s liking he fell asleep.
“Don’t make me do that to you again, okay pet?” his voice was sickly sweet. Like a punch to the gut.
“A skull” oh god. Thank god! She caught herself thinking. Then she calmly reminded herself that this was someone else’s daughter and she had a job to do. And if she didn’t; this wouldn’t be the last poor girl to be found. The killer had to be stopped.
It held a key, and a cheque for 100.000 pounds; and a handwritten note with an address and the words:
Awkwardly she climbed back on the bed and mechanically opened her bare legs. With only a brief moment of hesitation she put the metal tool against the skin of her inner thigh.
“Oh would he?” he gave a wolfish grin. “And where would he bite me then? Just so I could be prepared”
“Gothic clothing found”. All these girls had been ‘Goth Girls’ as Lucy, her 17 year old daughter had informed her it was called apparently. Punk chicks, cyber… something? Was a completely different group of people all together. She shook her head and reached for her phone once more.
“In case I couldn’t go through with this… but it became my substance of hardiness. In short I wanted to prove to myself I was strong enough to continue to fight with temptation within reach” Sherlock’s voice was breathy as he tried to defend his choices.
And it looked exactly the same after all these years. It even smelled the same way; of oak, mildew, smoke and cinnamon.
The girl with long black hair and purple highlights held her phone in her hand and bit into her bottom lip that had been painted black to match her hair and tightfitting dress. She rolled her eyes as she dialled her mother’s number.
“She was home yesterday; didn’t get to see her though. She drives me up the wall sometimes!” she admitted. “But it’s been like that ever since…” she swallowed. Greg knew the end of the sentence and he put his hand on her shoulder.
“You know where to find me if you need Sherlock Holmes” he continued to whisper. She nodded and DI Greg Lestrade went back to his office.
“Shhh” he shushed her. His tongue reversed the journey his nose had made…  moving just a bit further towards her face; his lips hovered over hers. “Besides, you’re the cleanest surface in here”
All she had to do was come back to him, back to God. It didn’t have to be like that. His foot kicked into the gravel and he walked away.
“Do lower your voice!” Sherlock finally emerged from the cupboard that by now was completely empty. “I have never been known to be hard of hard of hearing. My senses are quite remarkably alert” he smugly reminded the army doctor.
Was he honestly hoping to hide behind his ‘Only lies have detail’ line from that day John more than all wished he could erase from his memory?
Sherlock’s naked back was turned to him; pale and thin, so pale it was almost luminescent in the poorly lit bedroom.
“God no” John gasped. He was fighting with his own emotions; feeling everything at once. Pity, sorrow, anger and confusion.
“You have a picture of her in your wallet?” John’s eyes were wide as he looked at the back of his curly head.
This whole thing was getting out of hand. But she just couldn’t say no. She couldn’t risk it… Maybe it was better to live with the pain she knew rather than face the unknown consequences…
He was digging his long nails in on the side where Paul had hit her; ripping through her skin, pulling it off in long shreds.
She tried hard not to bite her lip though she wanted to. She knew what he could deduce from her slightest movement.
“She called me in the afternoon; on Monday” The young woman was putting up a brave face. “She just needed a chat; just broke up with her boyfriend you see”. She reached for a paper towel despite her eyes not being damp yet. But she knew the tears might come any second.  They were never far away these days.
“The woman didn’t even sniffle when I called her after that. So I wouldn’t bother” he looked at them and then at the dead woman. “Why her though?” his eyes narrowed.
“Are you going to tell me what the hell is going on?!” John bellowed to Sherlock; completely ignoring the young woman.
i'll be travelling over the next few weeks, and i have quite a bit of driving to do which makes it hard to write. i'll still post chapters on thursdays but they might be a little smaller than i planned in the first draft, so there might be more chapters in the end!
“Yes, turn me,” Sherlock pleaded, interrupting John’s thoughts. “I’ve been waiting my whole life for this, for you.” John looked over and saw such sincerity in Sherlock’s face that even he believed that Sherlock was buying this whole ruse, and that he was yearning for an opportunity to become one of the undead. John wasn’t sure whether to laugh or to try to grab Sherlock and get out of here before something terrible happened. Before he could decide, though, Drusilla nodded her head once and smiled.
Never one to let his lovers suffer, he gladly complied. As he bit down on the pulsating artery, he shifted their hips to stretch himself over the lanky man beneath him. He slotted their legs together and felt Sherlock shudder, voice quivering as he sighed John’s name. John continued biting his way up Sherlock’s neck to his jaw, then pulled off to stop and admire his work.
Lestrade gaped at him, obviously waiting for the inevitable “but” that usually followed Sherlock’s wildest assertions. When it didn’t come, he shook his head and began to take charge of the investigation at hand, probably assuming Sherlock had actually lost his mind this time.
Drusilla looked at him with surprised interest. “Oh, you want to be my little disco dolly, don’t you? Hmmm,” she purred, looking him over thoughtfully. “You might even be more fun to turn than my tiger.” Before she’d even finished her thought, though, her attention faltered and her gaze returned to Sherlock. John thought he was relieved to be not worthy of her scrutiny, until he realized it wasn’t much better that she had Sherlock so firmly in her sights.
It turned out that two days was as long as Sherlock’s patience could hold out. Late Wednesday morning, after hours of cursing at John for having the nerve to breathe in the same room as him, he erupted off of the couch and flew into his room. John heard him throwing things about for a few minutes before he stormed back out, thrusting a black paper bag at John. “We’re going out tonight. Here are appropriate clothes, “ he barked
stay tuned for one more chapter, the exciting conclusion to 'this cold heart never bleeds'. thanks for sticking with it, despite my rather haphazard uploading schedule. xo
“Drusilla won’t be satisfied with just one victim. And now they’re fixated on me- don’t fret, John. That was the plan, after all. No, they’ll be back for me before Spike gets a turn. It’s Sunday, Cities in Dust will be closed until Thursday. They may wait to try again at the club, but it’s more likely that they’ll be too impatient and they’ll make a move sooner- especially when they see our write-up in the paper. I don’t think they knew who I was last night, but now that they know I consult with the police they’ll be impatient to get me out of the way, and to prove their superiority over such mundane 'human' institutions. My guess is that they’ll come after us in a couple of days. No matter, I’m formulating a plan. I’ll be ready for them.”
Sherlock reached up and ran his thumb over John’s kiss-swollen bottom lip and said in his deep baritone voice, “After this case, I have a list of things that we are going to. A very long list. It may take days or weeks to accomplish the entire list- longer if you require food and sleep as you so tediously do. But I am a genius, after all. The ways that I can imagine making you orgasm are nearly infinite. ”
“Your precious image of heterosexuality can be regained. As soon as this case is over, we will be certain to alert the world to our deception. You can write it up in your magazine serial- The Case of The Ouch My Masculinity, if you will. But I remind you, you consented to this cover. And now we have criminals to catch, so can you please stay focused for another day or two until I can resolve this case?”
Lestrade interrupted her, “He was last seen at the Batcave. That’s one we haven’t been investigating. Do you think it’s a lead, Sherlock?”
They smiled at each other, an easy smile that was somehow also loaded with promise. They’d be fine. John took a deep breath and decided that one of them had to be the first to move. He took the initiative, grabbing the leash hanging from Sherlock’s collar and leading him out to get a cab.
“The plan is to capture these people as quickly as possible and then return to our flat to finish what we started.”
He went downstairs with big intentions, but stilled as soon as he saw Sherlock, staring in speechless wonder. Sherlock’s makeup was subtle, he’d chosen to only line his eyes, and to do something that made his skin look downright translucent. His hair was perfectly ratted again, a dark halo transforming him into a vision of a fallen angel. He was wearing the same leather trousers as before, but John didn’t really notice of a single one of these details. His attention was fixated on the fact that Sherlock had also omitted to wear a shirt. Instead, he wore a simple leather collar with an attached chain leash looped in his hand. And he was wearing John’s dog tags.
“No, John, they’re working alone. It’s too personal- it’s their intimate game. There must be an explanation. Unfortunately, the only ones I have been able to come up with as yet are impossibilities.”
“Oh, tiger, my eager little kitten. Don’t worry. Mummy will make you better. Stronger. And so beautiful, more beautiful than even you are now.”
wham! bam! i made you wait long enough for a little smutty smut, sorry it wasn’t real! but what is real anyway? lol
“Hm. To the point, though, if we do not catch them tonight, I fear we’ll miss our opportunity for several weeks, as the other killer’s victims seem to be chosen randomly from the larger population. We’ll have to be vigilant. And as you’ve perhaps picked up from your daytime telly, John, these people have enough public animosity toward them without also being a haven for serial killers. The talk shows are always accusing them of Satanistic rituals and the like. I’d like to solve this as quickly as possible.”
Confusion flickered across Sherlock’s face for a moment. John couldn’t help but gloat a little at the fact that he could surprise Mister Know-It-All. Sherlock’s focus narrowed sharply, piercing through John, searching for any signs of deception. Slowly, a mischievous smile crept from his full, dark lips to his lined eyes. He turned around seductively, offering John a spectacular view of his leather-clad arse as he offered up the offending laces. As part of the aftershock of his brazen declaration, John's lungs had decided to join his limbs in their stupor. He reminded himself that he should know, as a doctor, that one should remember to breathe. He looked away from Sherlock from a moment, regaining his composure.  Once he had oxygen flowing properly to all of his limbs again, he made the rest of his way downstairs. His normally steady surgeon’s hands trembled a little as he took the laces from Sherlock's pale hand. He pulled them tighter through each eyelet with a little more force than was probably necessary.
The day felt endless, but eventually John found himself once again gawking at his reflection in the mirror. This time, Sherlock had him wearing an outfit that could have been copied directly from a Tom of Finland picture, and he managed to absolutely look the part. He’d never really been attracted to other men in chaps, but wearing them was definitely inflaming his rapidly increasing sexual frustration. He took a moment and fantasised about how fucking amazing it would be to be wearing these as he dominated Sherlock, as he forced him onto his knees and his brilliant mouth into silence with his cock. Or, he imagined, if he were to take off the denim he was wearing beneath the chaps then Sherlock would have such easy access to force him over a table, or to take him in a bathroom stall at the clubs where he knew men did such things. He’d always been a switch. He really didn’t give a rat’s arse who was taking control as long as his partner was satisfied- and they always were. Maybe he’d have to insist on keeping this outfit- John was certain that they could find all sorts of uses for the chaps.  He sighed. If he didn’t stop this train of thought then he wouldn’t be able to wear the jeans comfortably for much longer. He gave himself one last look-over. He was, by Sherlock’s request, shirtless, wearing a well-cut leather vest. He smoothed his hand over it, and his bare nipples tingled at roughness of the inside of the leather. He’d been unsurprised by the gun holster hidden inside, and took the cue to go armed. It was encouraging, he thought, that Sherlock had taken the time to imagine, then procure this ensemble. It fit him perfectly, as though it was made just for him. That meant that Sherlock had not only been out collecting gossip at night, he’d gone to a shop and ordered everything John was wearing, tailored exactly to his specifications. He’d envisioned John in this outfit, and gone through a lot of trouble to make it happen. As he finished lacing up his boots, John wondered if Sherlock was intentionally showing his hand. The trouble with Sherlock was that one never knew his intentions, and he did have a way of trampling over other people's emotions in the quest of fulfilling his own objectives. Nevertheless, John didn't think that Sherlock, if he knew how much this meant to John, would lead him on. He steeled his nerve. There was only one way to find out, really. They’d been dancing around each other for months, but this case had pushed John over the edge. If he was wrong- well, they’d figure it out. But he was, at this point, fairly confident that he was not wrong and that it was long overdue they did something about it.
“That’s why I need my soldier to protect me.” Sherlock smiled, a rare vulnerable smile that John knew was only ever for him,. Though John knew that Sherlock used it from time to time as a method of manipulation, it always worked.
“Got it. No staring at women’s breasts.” John was certain that his face was completely flushed at this point, though he wasn’t certain whether from frustration or utter embarrassment at the images that flooded his mind when Sherlock’s velvet voice intoned the word ‘intimate’.
Finally, Sherlock seemed to be satisfied with what he saw. His eyes blazed and he growled triumphantly as he took the three steps that had been all that separated them. He swooped down, grabbing John’s face and crushing their mouths into a maelstrom of finally- blissfully- requited passion. And it was everything. John didn’t hesitate now, throwing himself into reciprocating the frantic movements of Sherlock’s very clever, very talented tongue. Teeth scraped against teeth, lips slid and sucked and consumed. John slid his arms around Sherlock’s waist and pulled him closer, trying desperately to eliminate any remaining space between them. He slid his hands higher up Sherlock’s back, pulling their chests together. Sherlock hadn’t let go of his face, and John pressed into his hands, relishing the feel of Sherlocks’s long, violin-calloused fingers against his stubble. John finally had to turn his head aside to gasp for air, eliciting a very typically Sherlockian huff. But as John latched onto Sherlock’s neck, acting on his earlier fantasy and marking Sherlock exactly where he’d stroked earlier, the petulant huff turned into a low moan, which John decided immediately was the sexiest thing he’d ever heard. He released Sherlock’s neck, glancing at his handiwork and moving his hand toward Sherlock’s arse when Sherlock grabbed John’s arms and stilled.
Sherlock fixed his gaze on John, making him feel completely transparent. “I had to stay in character, John. It had to appear that I was bewitched by them. They believe they are vampires. People who believe them to be vampires were responding to them accordingly. I had to blend in. They believe they are capable of ‘glamouring’ people- compelling people to submit to their will entirely- and there are plenty of people who are very willing to submit. Vampire infatuation is often tied to the idea of the eroticism of power and control, or the surrender of those things. There are conscripted behaviours from which I could not deviate if I was to retain credibility. They would have noticed had my attention strayed.”
It was too much sensation. John’s breath caught. His whole body was tingling, buzzing. He heard and felt the rush of blood leaving his head. He sank downward one more time, hitting exactly the right spot, and then screamed as his orgasm crashed over him, wave after wave of release pouring itself over Sherlock’s chest. His last thought as he flopped forward onto his own ocean of semen was that it was fortunate that Sherlock was coming too, because he had no more strength in his muscles to have continued fucking him until he’d had his release.
Introducing Irene in this capacity made me desperately want some Irene Adler/Pam from True Blood slash in this universe- one in which Pam convinces Irene to become a vampire, though at first Irene resists the idea because her only previous interactions with vampires were Spike and Drusilla, and they really put her off the idea. Perhaps one day I’ll write it, but probably not, so feel free to have at it if you feel this story needs to exist too.
Sherlock stood up a bit taller and held his chin a tad higher, as if he was about to recite a prepared speech. “We must infiltrate the club known as Cities in Dust. I am familiar with the owner and several of the patrons. The victims were all patrons of the goth clubs in the Soho district, and while both men and women appear as victims, many of the men were homosexuals. Most resembled me in stature and appearance. In order to draw out the killers, John, I will be bait and you will be my ‘secret’ lover. It's too late and too difficult to establish a backstory that we're an 'out' couple, but we'll have an easier time explaining why we are there together if we have some sort of relationship. Clubs such as these are a place where people are able to express themselves without fear of public retribution. My public persona as a police consultant, and your frequent outbursts that you are ‘not gay’ will add believability to our ‘closeted’ relationship."
“John, I believe we’ve both had some strongly held misconceptions turned on their head this week,” Sherlock said, taking John’s arms and turning him until they were facing one another. “If it’s possible that you love me, then how is it any less possible that there are creatures on this earth who live in the darkness and must consume blood to live?”
“Sherlock.” John turned around and saw that Sherlock was now doing everything in his power to not make eye contact. “There is a picture of us in the Times.”
Two days passed without any sign of Drusilla or Spike. Sherlock sulked and lay on the couch in his trademark drooping pajama bottoms and silk robes. John made tea, tried to convince Sherlock to eat, and tried very hard not to think about what was under said drooping pajama bottoms and silk robes- or when exactly he’d finally be able to do the things he was trying very hard not to think about doing.
“You said, Sherlock. And I’d remind you that your own views on punctuality are rather opportunistic. Wait- did you say- what are you going to do to my hair?”
Seeing no other choice, John shook his head and followed after Sherlock, who had wasted no time in chasing Drusilla up the ladder, over several rooftops, and into whatever trap they had waiting.
“I don’t know, Dru, from everything I’ve heard he’s a right prat. I’m not sure I want him around all that much.”
Sherlock didn't seem to notice John's awkwardness. He turned to face John, smiling a predatory smile as he retorted, "Save it for the club, dear.” Sherlock then winked and strode off to get his coat. John realized two things.: one, that Sherlock had (thankfully? unfortunately?) forgotten his threats about doing John's hair; and two, that whether or not Sherlock was sincere, he was in deep.
John danced with an abandon he hadn’t known himself capable of, sober anyway. But as he danced, his mind raced. On one hand, he was alert and ready for the confrontation. Sherlock’s performance of vulnerability was definitely provoking the soldier simmering always just beneath John’s surface.  At the same time, though, he was struggling to push away the fringe thoughts of self-consciousness that were doing their best to creep into his mind and distract him. The soldier was winning, though. Logically, he reasoned, even though Sherlock had found a place here, once, with these beautiful people- maybe even admired a few of them- the fact of the matter was, what they had together- now- was all that mattered. He’d opened his home and his head and his heart to John, and that was not something the reclusive detective did lightly. And John would do anything in his power to protect him.
“Yeah, I saw that guy. Real broody, disappeared quick too. I didn’t get a good look at him from where I was standing. I’m sure you deduced his entire life story, though, yeah?”
John let the veiled insult toward his composure slide and focused instead on Sherlock’s earlier comment that he was familiar with this woman. With the door open, he couldn’t pass up the opportunity to pry into Sherlock’s past, which he now realized how little he knew about. “How much are you performing for this role, Sherlock?”
The “lair” turned out to be an empty hotel, hidden deep inside several blocks of abandoned buildings. John was beginning to think that the Yard wouldn’t actually be able to find them, and that they might die here after all. But by the looks of things, though, at least they’d be going out in style. Abandoned or no, this was the poshest hotel John had ever been in. Only the piles of mutilated dolls, the telltale rust colored stains on the upholstery, and the faint coppery odor in the air gave any indication that this was the scene of violent murders and not just the passive crime of excessive wealth and luxury.
“Fifteen, sixteen, seventeen!” John knew that even if he was allowed to, he wouldn’t be able to come with just the friction of the bedsheets. He was dying to touch himself, or better yet, for Sherlock to wrap those gorgeous hands around his cock and let him-  SMACK- the lash took him by surprise. “EIGHTEEN!”
“Obviously that cannot be true. I will get to the bottom of it, John. Hopefully before we arrive at their ‘lair’.”
John lost the battle to keep his hands to himself. He unclenched his fists and began running his hands up Sherlock’s legs, slowly, mapping every tendon and muscle of the detective’s sinewy thighs as he contorted and writhed, somehow still dancing. Sherlock ground his hips down, encouraging John’s hands farther toward his hips, which John found he had absolutely no objection to. Groaning, he took John’s face in his hands, leaned down, and began feasting on the doctor’s mouth, drinking John’s kisses and moans as if they were ambrosia and he was dying of thirst. John thought that he could stay like this forever, being consumed by Sherlock until he ceased to be. Then he stopped thinking altogether.
He tore her jeans and panties off in one long movement; and barely allowed her a second to breathe before he moved himself  back on top of her; inside her.
“Why would someone hate a group of people solely for the way that they dressed?” Sherlock asked as if John was still in the room with him.
“Morning sunshine!” She winked at the black clad young woman who didn’t reply. Just sat herself down and grabbed a plateful of pancakes for herself and poured most of the syrup over them.
But Sherlock had never told him about that… He simply shrugged when John later noticed the fading bruises as he caught him changing his clothes.
She stretched her body and gasped as she felt the muscles attached to her spine spasm. Oh damn it to hell. She forgot her medication again.
Lucy scrambled out of the bed and decided to get dressed for school. She checked her phone just before she left her boyfriend’s flat. Her boyfriend was still fast asleep in the bedroom. No messages. Odd. She always woke up to several messages. But most of those had always been from Kelly.
His fingers intertwined with the telephone cord and he heard her voice in a seconds silence from the barking voice that was always present; never leaving him alone.
John once again let his tickling fingers travel… this time they made it to Sherlock’s groin and lower abdomen.
“Haven’t you got anything?” John Watson was on his phone. “Sherlock seems convinced there’s a serial killer about”. He spoke in a hushed voice “No, no I understand”.
She took it as a challenge. Stupid. Stupid! She had even been curious to know what he meant by dangerous.
Now John finally turned to her; trying to keep her gaze though her eyes could not hold the eye contact for long enough.
“You don’t have to do it” she reminded him. She could barely breathe. Her fingers twitched and her skin crawled. She suspected the same thing was happening to him…
He was used to the insults and the smirks, trying to read through the lines… this was uncharted territory; for the both of them it seemed.
It was as if she forgot the bruise she had purposely tried to cover up with her hairstyle. Strange; he thought.
Molly jumped slightly as she heard footsteps and muffled voices outside the doors. She knew those voices and they made her smile.
“Answer me!” he turned stern, barking at her. She shuddered. She was suddenly holding on to a riding crop. His. He shook his head harder.
“You’re so tense” A skinny boy some years older than her and with dark hair whispered to Lucy as they sat on his bed.
He breathed through his nose; she had managed to hit the nail on the head and he did not appreciate it.
Celia finally found the boyfriend and her eyes widened as she realized he had known two of the other victims. Hillary Lewis, the first victim and Susie Hall, the 3rd victim, as well. Could it be? They surely had to take him in for questioning.
And now Cat was shivering hard; the tears were pressing to fall. This was not what she ever signed up for.
“Gah!” the tall one groaned loudly. John found himself jumping surprised by the sudden outburst. “… fine” the pale face now turned towards him.
Perhaps it wasn’t the worst thing… considering this need he had for distractions for those pesky urges.
“I’ll allow you to live on one condition” he took hold of her face and looked directly into her eyes. She looked back at him, taking shallow breaths.
“Sherlock, you can’t keep lying around like that until we get the next case… who knows when that’ll be!?”
John unbuckled his trousers, sliding them down along with his pants; revealing his own hard erection.
He was asleep. Of course he was asleep. She shouldn’t have called! How stupid could she have been… how…
“The same telephone cord; the curls on it has been stretched over time. The fact that he strangles his victims suggests a crime of passion. The killer knew his first victim quite well I’d say; but I doubt it is one of the 5 you have found so far. He resents these girls for what they remind him of”. Sherlock spoke fast and the DI was blinking.
“Coming? What? Where?” He looked to Holmes confused. The detective had a habit of forgetting John couldn’t read his mind.
“She’s a close friend of my daughters. I know her parents” She took a deep breath steadying herself.
He swirled the finger around as he moved in and out; faster now… until he went back to the first joint and pushed in another finger; slowly widening Sherlock’s rectum…
“Bedroom now.” He ordered; but not roughly this time. With his breathlessness it was closer to begging than it was commanding.
Tattoo, on the wrist. That was when she had stopped listening. Lucy had a tattoo on her wrist. A lovely little black rose with a drop of blood falling from one of its leaves.
“And you let her?” The tension was fairly visible in Watson’s stance. Sherlock shook his head at him. Sentiment right there. Useless.
“I was right about the telephone cord” he mumbled “And…” he was gently touching her pale hand. “A metal chain; thin but strong enough to support the weight of the body. It cut through the skin while she was still alive; waiting for him to kill her”. He was looking at the dried blood on her wrist.
“And where is that?” he put his elbow on the back of the couch and supported his head. God. This small-talk lark was tedious.
“A serial killer, that is what I need! Call Lestrade, he must have something!” Holmes was practically salivating at the thought.
“Yes, the grandson is looking for the money she’s hiding from him in her will; boring!” Holmes crossed his arms across his chest. “Call Lestrade!” he ordered.
Sherlock couldn’t breathe. It felt as if something was physically stopping him… he felt the ghosts of clammy hands around his throat.
“You knew Mira as well, he could have threatened her to silence easily, or at least he would have thought he could” the detective explained.
But for some reason she always had it standing on the shelf in front of the mirror; perhaps so no one would judge her if they saw it was missing from her array of tools to make up herself…
She almost felt outside of her body as she padded the blood away and covered up the damage as if it never happened.
The image of her, so much younger, standing there in front of a bathroom mirror trying not to throw up again as she had her fingers deep inside her mouth; trying to remove the last of the filthy, rough hairs that was stuck between tonsils and tongue.
He found John’s laptop on the coffee table and opened it; finding John once again had changed the password…
Holmes went over the night in his head; word for word… subtracting every little detail; every little piece of body language was deducted to pieces.
Didn’t he know by now it was useless? And couldn’t he at least come up with something less obvious than ‘QuoFataVocant’?
Briskly she put it on the counter and went to the bathroom and changed out of her clothes; taking a hot shower and scrubbed down every inch of skin on her body. She removed her makeup by rubbing her eyes with her hands and rinsed with the hot water streaming down over her body.
His fingers moved in circles registering every bump and unevenness; like a blind man reading braille.
Sherlock had been hired to dig up something unforgivable… and since having economic ties to a child-labour driven factory in Sumatra manufacturing bombs wasn’t bad enough… He had had to dig deeper… and he found her. It had not taken many hours of surveillance to find out that they met a few times through the week in different hotels around London… and that she always looked worse for wear when she left. Despite her best efforts to seem unaffected and appear neutral.
But, ‘hurt’… that implied something a lot deeper. How unsettling. At least he had not gone even further to use a term like ‘heartbroken’. Oh please!
Sherlock bucked; his hips trying to thrust against John’s fingers… but they only went back to his thigh and played aimlessly… cruelly… with his skin.
“Why?” John heard the slight passive aggression in his own voice ”Why would you?” he took a step closer. Needing to see the picture in question.
She believed Sherlock’s words when he had told her the murderer was desperate. Her phone chimed soon after she had arrived. Holmes was texting her.
Her hip was throbbing; a red bruise was forming and she did know putting ice on it would help reduce the swelling. But something within her stalled.
Cat had no idea how long she had been in the shower; how many times she had scrubbed herself and lathered herself in the rosy soap again… but in the end she gave up. She had to accept that she could never actually wash away what happened… nothing would take away the way she felt… she knew that all too well. It was a bitter pill she had swallowed before and that did not make this any easier for her.
“What’s your name Miss, if I may?” The young redhead in uniform standing in the reception wondered ever so politely from behind her screen.
Celia Yellow grunted as she added the newest victim to the profile. She found herself nervously awaiting Molly Hooper’s report as soon as she would be finished in the morning, and even more so what Sherlock Holmes could add to it. If he could? She knew how much she struggled seeing her daughter’s best friend… but then again, Holmes certainly wasn’t most people.
The barman placed the drinks in front of them and she quickly grabbed hers and took a pensive sip. As if she was testing it for poison or worse.
She was barely thinking when she grabbed her whiskey bottle from the cupboard in the kitchen by the neck and drank from it; in a desperate attempt to soothe her nerves. Her eyes located her phone on the table and it was an almost less conscious act…
Noises coming from behind the door told her the knocking had been loud enough. Her senses were now hyper alert.
“Sleep tight” and with that he hung up on her; leaving her to whimper. She could feel his hand glide over her skin and it made her writhe uncomfortably.
“I’ll be there in 20 minutes, okay?” his voice sounded determined. He hung up before she ever got to say another word.
“Sherlock Holmes. I demand an explanation” John raised his voice considerably. A few seconds later the young woman covered her ears and flinched; as if John had threatened to hit her.
“And she’s a test subject is she?” John gestured towards the female. He was not buying it, not any of it!
I am really sorry for the horribly long delay. Physical and mental health has made writing nearly impossible.
“You borrowed my aftershave again, did you?” John mused with a laugh. Ah, he was in a good mood was he? He must have seen that woman again. What was her name? The redhead! That was quite clear from the strand of hair on his coat.
“I was going to step in eventually, she needed a break” he glared at his friend. Watson drew a deep, sharp breath.
