“Yes, I went to all this length because I missed you,” Steve said in his most deadpan tone, hoping to keep the panic at bay because this was too close to home, nearer to the nail than he wanted anyone to hit, “Satisfied?”
“I’m more of a mercurial person,” Tony nodded before glancing up at the universe blinking down on them, “I’m fascinated by your refusal to address the orgies part.”
“Steve?”
Steve landed on the roof smoothly, the phone still clenched tight in his hand.
“Okay, I’ll be doing that, I-uhm, I guess if you direct me?” Tony suggested, not sure how else they were going to do it. He was pretty sure he could find the baby, but he didn’t know what to do once he had.
“The person who made the mistake, will they be punished?” Steve had to ask, not wanting to think of someone getting thrown in a cell because their writing was untidy.
“Okay, Bucky, go to sleep,” Bucky murmured to himself as he rolled over on his left side, pulling the blankets over his shoulder with his hand. Closing his eyes, he tried to force himself to be tired, but it wasn’t really happening. Thankfully he’d drunk enough that it should help make him drowsy soon.
“That sounds fine. Are you actually going to sleep tonight?” Stane asked, feeling accomplished for the evening, even if he hadn’t gotten to some of his paperwork.
“I will have the life I want, Uncle…” Tony sighed, shaking his head as he struggled with saying what was on the tip of his tongue. If it was anyone else, he would stay quiet, but he could trust Stane with his life. “They’re alive.”
“Thank you,” Bucky said, chuckling a little as he watched Eddie looking between the sand airport and Laika lying on her back, going straight for the dog. “I bet the kids would have loved the old road before you got it fixed.”
“I...I don’t know if I’m going to do as good a job as you two did…” Bucky said with a shaky laugh, looking between them as he struggled to think of the right words for what he felt. “Steve, you were so nice to me right away, and you didn’t treat me like a kid, you talked to me like you talk to everyone else, and no one’s done that before. Even Jack talked down to me, I know that now, but…you make me choose things myself, you make me think for myself, and I think it would have been easier to prey on someone like me, but you don’t make me feel weak and trapped. You make me feel like I can do anything, and I love you so much for that.” Bucky sniffed, not even trying to hold back the tears as he squeezed their hands. “Tony, all my life I was afraid of when I’d meet you, but…I wish I met you a long time ago, because I didn’t know I’d be so happy having your babies. I would have been so happy I would’ve just run into your arms if I knew what you were going to do for me. You’re sacrificing so much to hide here with me, and you smile the whole time. Even in my best dreams where you were kind to me, they weren’t even close to who you are, and I’m grateful for the surprise. I love you too, Tony. And Steve. I just want to be yours.”
“Something definitely did,” Tony’s lips stretched into a wide smile at the pink tinge on Steve’s cheeks, pretty sure his own matched.
“That’s exactly what I was thinking,” Sarah perked up again, already picturing her son in expensive clothes, maybe with a fur lined blue cape to set off his eyes. “You’re such a handsome young man, I bet King Anthony would choose you if he got to know you. He’d see you as I do, I know he would, he’s a smart man.”
“You have that time now, just tell Pepper what you need and she’ll bring it to you,” Tony said, getting the bottle to pour a new round of drinks. “Sam, why do I think I know that name connected to you?”
“But you have made a decision?” Steve felt sick, he really didn’t want to do this. Either way, he was saying goodbye to Bucky, and as much as he really liked Tony, that would hurt way too much.
“I have one arm!” Bucky shot back, annoyance heavy in his voice.
“I’ll keep that in mind,” Tony smiled back, though his expression was sad as well as he looked between them “I’m going to miss you.”
“You’re joking.”
“Got him,” Steve said, leading Bucky outside, much to Laika’s disappointment, and locking the door. “Come on, Bucky. Do you want me to carry you?”
“Hm, I don’t know, what else are we good at?” Steve laughed, watching as Peter ran over, eyeing Bucky’s water before his father gave him the bottle and he ran off again. “He’s going to dump that on Penny’s head, you know.”
“It’s going well, you missed him by minutes, but I told him to go eat and relax,” Steve said, wondering where they were going just as they came to a halt in front of a non descript door. “Which room is this?”
“Oh is that what you call that? A difficulty? I would call it a-“ Steve paused for a moment when he swore he heard something downstairs. “…Bucky, what was that?”
“You’re so much nicer than I ever thought you would be, and you keep saying to me that you want to make me happy, but it goes both ways. I want to make you happy too,” Bucky said, lying flat on the bed and looking up at both other men. “We’re both victims of your father, and Steve could have been one too, so I say we should stick together. You and Steve are the only two people I feel like I can trust, you’re the only two people who care about me, and I’m pretty sure you care about each other too.”
“She’s still in the throne room, Your Majesty, would you like me to go back in and get her?” Pepper offered, standing up straight as she wondered what it was about this man that made her skin crawl. She was in no place to comment, though, she didn’t even want to let Tony know how she felt.
"Any last words?" Potts asked as they began to shift, a portal opening to their right.
Both Jan and Tony maintained that it was only Steve’s unnaturally good looks that brought out this awed crush. Steve was filing that under things he didn’t ever need to take seriously.
Differences and similarities only made the whole thing more interesting though, and Steve was sure about it, about this being the goal of a five step plan he hadn’t set out to make. This was the destination he had travelled through three lifetimes to reach.
"Right," Steve clutched the orb and took a step back, exhaling the tension coiling within him, "Alright, we'll work this out in teams then."
It had been luck that had brought them together, a domino effect of a mistake from those who had come to save their own world. They had been lucky to escape things that someone else had faced.
“Why are you stealing her fork? She’s eating,” Tony said to Clint’s right and Rocket rolled his eyes, still holding Nebula’s cutlery.
“I had an interesting conversation today,” Tony sounded dazed for a beat before he inhaled, “With d- Howard.”
being petty.
“What?” Steve frowned but Tony smiled, just a little.
“This isn’t you talking,” Natasha’s voice resounded like the tail-end of a whiplash, “Steve, you aren’t thinking straight if this is what you’re coming to.”
“Thanks, Jarvis,” Tony said and the man blinked but Steve moved before he could question the casual affliction in tone. Jarvis left them to go inform Howard and Steve took in the room around him, noting the details and handpicked furniture.
He had spent the past forty minutes herding three spies of hell into their bed area and had walked back into the living room of their new apartment when his eyes caught the sight at the corner of the room.
“Cap!” Clint’s voice came through the comm and Steve couldn’t pause, swinging his shield in constant blows, “I’ve got it, I have the gauntlet! What do you want me to do with it?”
"I need to contact Natasha and the others too," Steve said and Tony turned his head to see his husband keeping an eye on Potts.
"I'm coming to the aerial bridge in 60 seconds, get there," Potts declared and grinned as he hit a final button, "And dampeners are down, comms back on?"
"I didn't kidnap them, don't worry," Potts called out from behind and his voice was getting drowsy. Tony could switch to autopilot but he didn't want to risk it for now. He still had to check P.E.P.P.E.R's codes for Kang's work.
Steve made the jump and Tony closed the hatch without pause.
When he used the device again, his eyes were open to one last look of a life he had finally given closure to. As much as he could, at least.
“Steve”
Steve hooked his thumbs through his belt loops and looked at the light over the kitchen table, a rustic bulb that held a mysterious charm to it.
“Is Happy okay?” Steve asked, remembering that the man had been dusted for years. Pepper looked tired, throat working, but nodded.
beat. There were stolen peas from a dinner plate and a carefully arranged distance between limbs on the couch. Brushed off crumbs from a beard were easier than too stiff handshakes after missions. There was an exuberant lingering hug after the serum was restored but a quietly shared goodbye long before the moon visited.
“Here to see a friend,” he replied, noting the mess around them, but Nat bit into her sandwich and put her feet up on the table, moving the plate so that it was in his reach.
“I was,” Tony nodded, putting his cup down, “You were carrying me with you. Multiple me, actually, though that still freaks -”
“You look good as a brunet,” Tony declared with a critical eye looking between the photo and Steve, “That’s annoying. You’re encroaching into my territory.”
But then he thought of the worlds that Potts had lived through, the timelines where they had fixed the world together, when they had created futures that they couldn't have done alone.
It wasn’t odd for the sounds of kevlar and leather taking the brunt of frustration to come from the gym before dawn entered the grounds completely. A few years ago there would have been his own skin delivering those hits on the off days but things seemed to have broken pattern now. Steve rolled his shoulders and felt the kinks twinge between his blades, the perils of an abrupt shift in sleep schedule calling him out through his body’s complaints. Beds had not been his friends for close to a decade now but something about the last week made them the only spot he really wanted to frequent. It wasn’t like there was anyone to begrudge him that either, so Steve had taken to being a human caterpillar under the cocoon of non-judging duvets.
"My invitation must have been late," Steve answered through grit teeth as his scans flickered on the screen.
"This isn't the first time someone's said that in history," Steve looked at the screen when he heard Tony curse, "Why them?"
Beside him Bruce made a questioning noise, something in the distance was clattering to the floor, the entire world was moving and loud but Steve felt time stop as his eyes stuck to the empty spot beside Clint. He was standing alone. He shouldn’t have been standing there with a missing shadow on his left.
“I didn’t think that SHIELD would
“Time travel doesn’t work that way,” Bruce repeated for the fifteenth time since he had first insisted it and Tony shrugged at the look Rhodey shot him, “Also, can we please not discuss strangling babies while eating?”
"It's 11 a.m," Steve thumbed at Tony's goatee with an amused grin, "I've not seen you sleep this much in weeks."
“How do you ever get away with the cursing rule?” Steve chuckled as he checked the time again, “I really need to leave, Pepper, is it fine if I call back later?”
“And you?” she asked, catching his eyes with a piercing look, “What will you keep of him?”
“Thank you, Tony,” he said when he finally could find his voice and it still was not much higher than a whispered confession. He saw Tony’s jaw work, Adam’s apple move in a swift swallow, before he moved to shut the boot.
It felt like coming home and Tony let him have it, gave him the keys to it before stepping back.
This Tony Stark, five years of change later, was a father before everything that could be tagged to him.
“Nice place,” Bucky looked at the settee, “You planning on moving in here?”
“Yeah,” Tony nodded, eyes dancing under the kitchen light, “Let’s go home.”
“Sorry,” Bruce offered a thumbs-up and Scott looked at Steve with hesitant optimism, “Okay, Scott, you’re going to go back a week and take a walk for five seconds before we pull you back. It’s going to be fine.”
“Not from here?” Howard echoed, looking between them before staring at Tony, “I’m sorry pal, I don’t think I understand.”
It was a tag-along to the wildly jumbled ride that had been them getting together in the first place - they didn't really talk about the firsts. Steve knew that Tony remembered a few and Tony knew that Steve would remember those that he believed mattered most to Tony. Cosmo and Tumblr wouldn't give them an award but they worked.
“Yeah, I think I latched on to the nearest energy source and that was you,” Tony nodded before wiping his hand on a tissue, “It wasn’t easy then but then something happened in Asgard and it became easier to let myself link to your senses. See what you could see, hear what you could hear. With every stone you returned, a part of me was released from them and I became more – alive, I guess.”
“It’s not the same, Pepper,” Steve tried but she was calm in her understanding.
"Date," Tony supplied with a growing ease in his chest as he watched the flush spread over Steve's face even as he tried to hide his quirked lips in the excuse of focusing on the bowl he was cleaning.
"What?" he asked and Potts huffed out an incredulous chuckle but he was moving, walking over behind Steve to get to the mainframe of the sphere, his feet carrying a stability that had been absent since the mishap.
“Hey now,” he protested without heat and raised a hand in surrender when Sam jumped out of his side, shutting the door even as he ran across the gravel, “I’m not so bad.”
“I -,” he waved a hand around vaguely before exhaling, “I’ve just had a really long week. And some Vantablack guy called today to invite me to a pretentious art event that –“
“You too, Tony,” he said and his eyes caught Pepper’s eyes over Tony’s shoulder, smile widening at her look, “Thanks for the lunch, Pepper.”
“I make a fuss when it’s closed and you barge in without knocking,” Steve corrected him, raising a brow, “There’s a chair right there, why can’t you sit there?”
Steve stared at the picture that broke his train of thought and blinked. It couldn't be. How was it possible?
“Rumlow,” he greeted and didn’t think about an explosion in mid-air, people dead because of a moment’s distraction, the beginning of an end.
“Times like this makes you wonder how easy it is to infiltrate a high security base,” Tony turned around and then turned back to stare at the license plate of the car, “Thankfully, we’re already in the end times. Come on, I think college is finally going to pay off.”
Later that evening, after having indulged in the leftovers from the party for dinner, Steve was reading up on the last mission’s reports when Tony knocked on his bedroom door.
“We looking for someone else tonight, honey?” Tony tilted his head to catch Steve’s eyes turning back above and it was interesting how he could always find constellations over that visage. Not recorded or studied under telescopes but important in their own way. Tony’s navigated stories mapped out over life-worne flesh.
headquarters was in DC, building up a wide effort to bridge the lost and the seekers, but Natasha had said that she’d be at the Compound for the week and Steve needed to bridge some things of his own before he did anything else.
"Yours or ours?" Stephen raised a judgemental brow and Steve met his challenging stare head-on. He knew that the man didn't approve of the stalemate but now was not the time to worry about that. Once Tony was back, they could figure out whatever they hadn't.
Peggy. Alive. In front of him.
“You slather well,” Tony laughed as the cheese dropped down his knuckles.
It wasn't a long walk but it felt longer as both men tried to sort out their thoughts from their brief brush with personal histories.
"It's Sunday," Tony groaned but stretched his arms, letting the sheets fall to his abdomen as he shifted till he could sit up, eyeing the tray with a pleased smile, "Bacon? Aww, you
It was love and life, eight letters finding companions between each other as they created more meaning than they did separately.
“I’m sorry, sir, but this is reserved for vehicles only,” the guard at Janet’s fashion show repeated when Steve tried to find a spot for himself in the parking area.
“First of all, it was five hours, and secondly I didn’t actually expect to run into bank robbers,” Steve pointed out but let out a sigh at the unimpressed look he got, “Did you get them?”
Steve shook his head as he dug through his food, the silence falling back between them as they indulged in the mundane.
When Thanos’ blade came down on him, Steve raised the shield, already looking for a way to get the giant’s legs once he could push him off. He didn’t expect the cracking sound, the brunt of metal breaking and Steve watched his shield fall apart like torn paper. A huge hand closed around his throat and lifted, pulling him off the ground even as Steve scrambled for balance, air cutting off in his windpipe as his hand tried to cut Thanos.
It was a poor facsimile of a joke, an attempt to make Steve look less like he was about to have a breakdown maybe and he would, he knew that he definitely could at this point.
“Something important,” Tony shifted on his bed and turned till his back faced Steve, “I’ll tell you when you leave for home again.”
“That’s the summary, yes,” Tony pressed his palms to his face and breathed hard, not looking up when Steve dropped the files on the table to sit next to him. He held it together for two minutes, trying not to fall apart before the first sob came and Steve rubbed a hand over his shoulder as Tony let everything hit him. They sat with a distance till Tony cursed, Morgan’s memory wracking him right alongside the knowledge that Maria wouldn’t be his mother here, no second chances again.
“Come on, I think she’ll find this whole thing interesting,” Steve clapped a hand on Tony’s shoulder and nudged him forward, “And I’ve got five seconds. That’s plenty to convince you why you’re wrong.”
Care.
“Do you have airpods in?!”
"Do I need to?" Tony asked, sensing Strange turning towards them completely from his half-done whispered conversation with Reed.
There was an explosion to his right and Steve huddled into himself as he moved out of the way, shielding his torso with his hands before he looked to see a hole in the wall. It was jagged but that would do and Steve scrambled to his feet, moving to crawl his way into Tony's cell just as the bots began coming towards them. He managed to get in and grabbed the gun from the nearest bot, twisting it up as he kicked it in the gut, throwing the ripped-out gun at the other bot's head. He heard Tony's grunt and turned to see him duck in time to let a plasma beam miss his head to hit the connection port holding him down.
“Where’s the gauntlet?” he asked as he got to his feet, walking beside Tony over the rubble.
Till now.
“Venus?”
"And what, your blowjob sucked?" Rhodey raised a brow and Tony rolled his eyes.
Tony had gone through his share of disorienting awakenings, mouth dry and head throbbing worse than a hangover, but it never got familiar in a good way. It was always a toss-up between the medbay or in the middle of a rubble-filled land but the one constant was Steve, always watching over him till he got back to his feet.
“Keep it away,” Steve ordered, knowing that Tony had heard it too when the reactor beams diverted Thanos’ attention. It wasn’t working but they would keep trying, they had to.
"Yeah, but why was he?" Rhodey asked, leaning further over the table, catching Tony's eye with a cheeky smile, "Especially after he spent a whole six months before finally asking you out. Chivalry doesn't seem to be on for dessert."
Steve had never been too good at ignoring Tony though. That had been the last thing Rhodey would notice in the aftermath.
Fury came in with Sam and Hope to take over the escort of Tony’s body to SHIELD’s facilities himself.
“What’s – oh.”
Bruce looked relieved, no injuries visible on him. Scott stared back and he looked a little rattled but his eyes calmed when he saw that Steve and Tony had made it back too, the Sceptre still safe in his hand. Rhodey put his visor up and laughed a little breathlessly.
The fridge had poor choice in ingredients but there were a couple of carrots and peas. A little more digging brought out more vegetables, enough to make some soup. He looked to find some bread that would go with it and got down to making dinner.
Steve nodded and felt an air of unobtrusive awkwardness settle as they walked beside each other towards the exit. It would be too risky to depart in open view of a crowd and they had agreed beforehand on the spot where they would do it.
By the time he had tasted corn in about six cities of four states, Steve was sure he was testing his tastebuds a little too much but he wasn’t sure where he would really stop. He rode on, intervals of sketches and meals in unnoticed diners, until he hit Arizona and met something wide enough to place his tangled mess of thoughts.
It wasn't awkward.
Steve looked at the design and let himself think about it. SHIELD wasn’t always what he wanted but he hadn’t really considered another way to do what he was good at doing.
It had been the return of Thor on the second day that had really gotten the ball rolling though and in some way that had been the biggest irony. The others seemed to give Thor a wide berth, clearly skeptical of where to even begin handling the state he was in, and it was like their first meeting all over again when both Steve and Tony caught on in sync.
“I know, I know…” Tony rubbed his eyes, the headache flaring up again as he stress levels rose. “Let me see what I can do, let’s not worry, let’s…let’s try to relax for tonight. There’s nothing I can do right this second.”
“Seriously, how close were you?”
“I don’t even know…” Bucky wept brokenly, staring at the doctor and the operating room behind her with fear in his eyes. “I don’t know. I don’t know.”
Bucky couldn’t help the smile that broke across his face, and as the sky lit up with stars above them, he couldn’t remember ever feeling as content as this. This was his home, this was his family, and he really wasn’t alone any more.
“But what if they both walk away?” Tony asked, having thought of that possibility as well. “What if they both only agree because…because I’m King, and they want this life? What if they’re agreeing so they can be with me, but they’re actually miserable?”
“You think it’s a test?” Steve asked, trying to keep himself from staring at Bucky and failing miserably.
“I promise you he’s not,” Natasha waved the knife a little.
“I don’t feel like spending my time hanging around waiting,” scoffed Von Doom, trying not to look as angry as he felt. He’d wanted to marry Tony and head right back for Latveria, this place was entirely too colourful and pleasant for him.
“That’s fair…” Steve said, hugging Bucky tight, noticing how erratic his breathing was getting. “Bucky, I’m sorry you’re going through this, we hadn’t even talked about you going on a plane yet. How are you holding up?”
“Steve, I need you,” Bucky begged, wrapping his arms around Steve’s body, pulling him in as Steve pressed kisses down the side of his neck. “I’ve thought about this so much, when you first walked into my room, all I wanted to do was touch you, and for you to touch me.”
Going through the new door at the east side of the building felt odd, it wasn’t the usual team of Theo and Rana at the metal detector, but an older man named Jamal. Not knowing if he should try to make friends with security here, he decided to play it safe and keep his interaction to a smile and nod before he headed for the elevator. It felt strange for him, he always tried to get to know everyone, he prided himself on knowing most of the staff in his old section by name, along with any other bits of information they dropped in conversation, he wanted to get along with the people he worked for. But now he only had Bucky, it seemed, he was going to have to be anti-social when it came to work. He’d have to ask Ms. Carr for a suitable excuse he should give his old friends when they asked where he’d gone and why they can’t visit. It was a sacrifice he hadn’t thought about.
“Tony, I’m…I don’t even know what to begin to say, I’m sorry you were put into that position, and I’m sorry your father is dead,” Steve said weakly, not about to celebrate Howard’s death, even if it meant that they were free. He wasn’t that cruel.
“Because you’re been sad enough in your life, we want to turn that around,” Steve said as he sat behind Bucky, rubbing his back in slow circles, leaning down to press a kiss to the back of his neck. “Are you still up for that appointment? We really don’t have to if you’re not feeling okay.”
“I’ll make sure to keep most of your length, sir,” Jarvis promised as he lead Bucky to a chair and put the apron on him. “I can give you a cut that’s fashionable with the young men nowadays.”
“They’re fine,” Tony said from his other side, also still in the scrubs, standing up with the other twin in his arm, reaching down to take Bucky’s hand. “You did great, Bucky, there weren’t any problems with you or them.”
Steve watched as Tony broke down, about to open his mouth to offer some sort of consolation, when he felt Bucky move beside him. Looking down, he saw that the smaller man’s eyes were open and looking over Tony as well. Before Steve could say anything, Bucky let go of him, moving over until he could reach out and put a hand on top of Tony’s.
“I’m glad I finally met you...” Bucky replied, emotion heavy in his own voice, holding onto Tony tightly. “I’m glad I’m here.”
“What? Where’s Dawson City?” Steve asked, looking skeptical, not liking the sound of this plan so far.
“I’m sure we can think of something we can fairly trade for it,” Tony handed the bar of steel to his Uncle so he could get a good look at it. “Do you use our iron to make it? I have to know.”
“Not without you!” Steve reached down to Bucky, grabbing a hold of his arm. “You have to go first!”
“You have me,” Steve reassured him, his voice low and soft as well, rubbing Bucky’s back in slow circles. “I’m not going anywhere.”
Tony does what he can to make a spectacle for his people.
Stane spun around when he heard the knock on the door, taking a moment to clear his throat and straighten his robes. Reaching onto his desk, he picked up the glass of water he’d recently poured for himself. Taking a sip, he coughed a little again, before turning his body towards the door.
“Will you be staying with us for long, Your Majesty?” Stane asked Von Doom, mentally laughing to himself that this was going almost exactly how they’d planned. Tony was a bit of a smart ass, as he assumed, but he didn’t seem to suspect this pretty much rehearsed.
“I’m fine,” Bucky said, thought the tremor in his voice gave his true state away.
“And what about you? Are you going to keep staring at that spot and torturing yourself?” Steve asked as he stood up as well, following Tony, and leaning against the island as he watched Tony toss back some whiskey. “This isn’t the answer either.”
“I love you two. More than anything else in my life,” Tony whispered, smiling back as he basked in this moment, his heart singing inside his chest. “I’m glad I have you.”
“Of course, thank you,” Steve said as he got to his feet along with Bucky, wishing he hadn’t eaten quite that much. Following Tony out of the room and through a door behind his seat, Steve found himself in a room full of comfortable looking furniture. Amongst the couches and chairs were tables with empty glasses and tall bottles full of brown liquid, most likely more whiskey.
“I’d do it if I were you…” panted Tony as Bucky’s expert tongue weaved it’s way around the tip of his cock, teasing his slit. “How the fuck did you get so good at that?”
“I’m going to admit I’ve never thought about something like this but….let’s see where it takes us, right?” Tony asked, looking at Steve in the moonlight, feeling comfortably warm with Bucky pressed against his chest. The two of them had managed to make him stop thinking about the nightmare he was going through, they were making him feel human again. “Steve?”
“Pull over…” Bucky said suddenly, sounding frantic enough that Steve came to a hard halt, climbing out of the car fast, his foot catching on the door and spilling him to his knees. He didn’t have time to get to his feet before he was sick all over the pot holed dirt surface, coughing in between retches.
“I don’t know, it’s not that bad,” Bucky mumbled, rubbing at his eye as he snuggled against Steve, enjoying the chance to sleep next to him again. “I will admit whatever the beds at the castle are made of are more comfortable though. And soon we’ll be in the biggest, fanciest bed in that whole place.”
“Good idea,” Stane agreed, having had the same creed in life himself. Love was easy enough to fake, Tony had grown up believing the link existed between them. He saw his nephew as nothing more than a tool to use in order to get what he wanted and nothing more.
“F-fuck…” Tony flopped down on the other side of Bucky, staring upwards at the painted ceiling, his entire body covered in sweat and trembling. He’d never climaxed like that before, he didn’t think it was possible for his vision to actually go black while he came, but he supposed he’d learned something that night.
“Sure, we’ll find you a place, we can deal with that,” Tony said, very sure of himself and pleased that Pepper would be proud of his progress with Bucky and Steve. He was getting them comfortable; he was setting them up with what they wanted, now he just had to date them. If only he wasn’t so damn nervous about it.
“No, I like them for the same reasons in some cases, and different reasons in others, they’re just like…they’re a balance,” Tony laughed weakly, rubbing his forehead, wishing this was somehow easier. Though at the same time, he wouldn’t have wanted things to happen any other way.
“She sounds really nice,” Steve was eager to meet her, but not right now. Right now was all about him and Tony, and he was enjoying himself. “And I’m flattered that you believe in me. You haven’t even seen my art and you’re willing to give me so much.”
“You don’t have to call me that. Sire is fine,” Tony replied, a little amusement on his face. Were they going to start debating for the position? He could get behind that. “Who do you want to discuss then?”
“You shouldn’t love the food, Barnes,” Namor said flatly, rolling his eyes at the thought of becoming attached to those stinking beasts outside. “Just milk it and kill it.”
“Mhm…” Bucky grunted, not acknowledging anything Steve had said. He wasn’t interested in an apology, that wouldn’t give him his arm back.
“Good, perfect,” Tony nodded, putting his hands on his hips as he lost himself in thought for a moment, shaking his head to snap out of it. “This is the right thing to do, Uncle, I know it.”
“The marriage lottery that our people are going to take place in,” eating some eggs, he pushed the rest around on his plate. “Every eligible household is getting a number, we pick a number, we have a spouse.”
“He’s starting to concern me, Stane,” Von Doom whispered to the man beside him, his arms crossed over his broad chest.
“It’s not quite that bad,” Bucky said as he slowly got to his feet, his heart beating hard in his chest as his palms got sweaty. “It’s…I didn’t know what to get you both, I’m not good with gifts. I wanted it to be something that only I could get you, but I didn’t want to just spend a lot of gold, especially with Tony saying we should keep our spending down.”
“You think?” Tony laughed once he caught his breath, shaking his head as he threw an arm around Bucky. “This was amazing, this was…I mean, do we ever need to leave this bed?”
“It’s okay, we just have to make you look less pressed,” Pepper said as she went around his back to fix his cape. “Are you nervous? Do you need a drink?”
“Then we’re going to have to get this done in a month,” Von Doom was blunt, but he didn’t feel like wasting his time with niceties. “We’ve left this too close, Stane, I don’t like having such a large margin for error.”
“You know you just want me to show up and eat and behave myself. You don’t need me to look fancy…”
“I think that’s what Steve and Bucky would have wanted most,” Pepper knelt in front of her King again, looking up at him. “Is there anything I can get you right now? Even if just a bottle of something? You’ve been suffering so much, and really I shouldn’t have been as honest as I was about the state of the Kingdom.”
“I can handle that,” Tony said, watching as Bucky pushed his pants off his stomach and held his shirt under his chin, waiting until the clothing was out of the way before he squirted the blue gel on his skin. Setting down the bottle and picking up the wand, he began to run it over Bucky’s stomach, frowning a little as he looked at the screen. “What is that? Is this the right spot?”
“Of course, anything,” Tony said with a sigh, nodding a little as he watched the other men. “…did you think I was in on this?”
“I hope I can be anyway,” sighed Clint, leaning back in the chair, hoping that his cooperation was going to earn him mercy. He was going to trust in Natasha and Bucky, though, even if his head was likely on the line.
“But she does them better,” Tony replied, aware that he was getting under his uncle’s skin, hoping that he could push him to storming out that door so he could get back to work.
“…you awake?”
“Oh let them, they want to get out of the castle too,” Tony was already picturing the procession now, he was going to have to get his best carriage oiled and shined. They had to make some sort of an entrance, though he didn’t want to waste too much money on it. Their best clothes and carriage would have to do.
“…Jesus CHRIST!” Tony swore, leaning on Bucky’s dresser as he ran a hand through his messy hair, trying not to throw up on the floor as he gave himself a moment to process this. He wasn’t doing well, he just wanted to go upstairs and empty the liquor cabinet and forget that his father had done something so reprehensible that Tony didn’t know if he should shoot him or call the police. “You’ve got to be fucking kidding me…you’ve got to be fucking KIDDING me!”
“I’m good with that,” Bucky took a few deep breaths, trying to clear his head enough to walk to the bed right.
“Gods, Buck!” Now Steve was blushing, knowing that Bucky could tell in the light of their lantern. “Where did that come from?”
“I’m so glad you’re here too. I mean it. this is your home for as long as you want it to be. If you want to stay forever…” Tony sniffed, letting go of Bucky just enough that he could look him in the eyes. “You and Steve, you’re amazing, I’d love for you to be a part of my life.”
Not long after she’d crossed through the door, two men in grey stepped through and stood at both sides holding heavy pikes. After him came two men with horns, blasting a short call before they moved to the sides with their instruments at their sides. As the echoes of the notes left the air, a large man wearing silver armour along with a forest green cape stepped forward into the room. Not breaking his stride, he walked up to Tony’s throne, stopping just in front of the steps up to it.
“No, I’m okay...” Bucky said, letting Gwen take his finger, watching in awe as she gripped it. “When were they born? How long ago?”
“Good news, you don’t have to,” said Steve as he followed them up the stairs, ready to kiss Bucky so hard he wouldn’t be able to breathe.
“That’s how I feel too,” Steve said, reaching over to touch Tony’s arm, giving it a squeeze, unable to help the smile that turned up the corners of his lips. “I think Bucky’s the same, it’ll be easier for him to cope with something to hold on too.”
“Then you can help with the next grocery store run,” Steve was hoping that Bucky meant it, and that he wasn’t just trying to push himself into something prematurely. If Bucky could become comfortable around small groups of people, it would be a big step in reclaiming his life from Howard Stark. “We’ll probably have to do one soon, if there’s anything you’re wanting in particular.”
“King T’Challa is a good man, though, I don’t think they could find a better King for managing everything he does,” Tony remarked, having nothing but respect for the man, even if he couldn’t afford his vibranium.
“We can’t have him thinking he’s a bad husband,” Tony shrugged, trying not to laugh as he moved closer to Bucky, already breathing harder in anticipation. “Steve, flip him onto his hand and knees, let’s tackle this with a better position.”
“Then let me make a suggestion,” Clint flexed his fingers in their tented position as h uncrossed his legs and leaned forward. “We tell everyone I killed them both to keep them safe. If everyone thinks they’re dead, no one will come after them.”
Bucky’s eyes moved to Steve first, waiting for him to nod slightly, before he nodded at Tony himself. Letting Tony help him to his feet, Bucky wiped at his eyes with his sleeve, holding his other hand out for Steve.
“They call you…uhm….” Pepper really didn’t want to do this, but if he went to anyone else, they’d deliver the same news in a harsher way. “They call you Taxing Tony, or Tony the Tax Man, mostly, but I’ve heard some just call you Tony the Terrible.”
“There are other things you can do,” Steve said gently, not moving his arm from around Bucky. “I’m not stupid, I know how limited you are in here, I’m not trying to be insensitive, I’m sorry. I just meant-“
“Don’t feel bad that you suspected me, alright? I would have too,” Tony chuckled humourlessly, adjusting himself so that he was sitting further on the bed, almost touching Steve’s leg. “If he told me, I would have sprung Bucky long ago, he’d have been adopted into another family or something, and my father would have been in prison that much sooner. I believe in medical advancement through the proper channels but I don’t agree on testing on kids. And now I know Bucky wasn’t even the only one.”
Tony’s last stop of the day was to visit the man who took care of security for the kingdom. He didn’t talk to Nick Fury often, and he didn’t usually enjoy when he did, but he knew he had to be very involved in this, and he didn’t know if Pepper would have had time to come talk to him. Figuring he’d save her the trip, Tony walked up the tower to the ramparts above the gate, hoping Fury would be there as he usually was.
“Damn, I wouldn’t want to be her,” Steve wiped his eyes, laughing again, surprised by how well this was going, and how good it was to get all the built up feeling off his chest. “I think we should have been honest with each other before now.”
“I fucking love you both!” Tony blurted, immediately tilting the whiskey bottle to empty down his throat as Steve and Bucky stared at him in utter shock.
“I’m not great with kids ages, but I guess maybe three?” Steve said, turning his phone to get another look, thinking that the kid could be between two and four, three being the safest guess in his mind.
“Don’t even think of losing, Steve, you have to stay positive,” Sarah reminded him, watching as Jarvis skillfully snipped through the thick blond hair, scattering it around Steve’s feet in a ring. “Steve, you look so much older. So distinguished. You look…” Tearing up, Sarah wiped her eyes with one of the napkins, her heart swelling with pride.
“Gods…yeah, we will be,” it still didn’t seem real to Steve, it was like he was waiting for everyone to come out and say that it was all a trick. His life had never been this wonderful, it was a hard thing to accept. “Bucky, does this all seem weird to you?”
“Tony, we ready?” Steve said, holding Bucky tight, ready to do whatever it took to keep them safe. That was the bigger issue. For now.
“…tell me about the job, please,” Steve said, picking up the stylus and signing his name on the tablet, pushing it back over towards Ms. Carr, hoping he was doing the right thing.
“I’ll let the King go over that with you,” Fury nodded at the man who had been holding the robes who lead the way out. Walking out behind Steve and Bucky, he leaned in closer as they began to walk towards a waiting cart.
As the doors opened to a fanfare of horns, Tony walked into view looking more like a king than he ever had in his life. Wearing beautifully tailored red and gold robes featuring thousands of hours of embroidery work, his red velvet and white fur lined cape fanned out behind him as he walked forward. Around his neck was a heavy gold chain with the red sun of their church, and on his hand a thick matching ring that signified his crown. On top of his neatly combed dark hair was his crown, polished to shining, each gem sparkling in the sunlight passing through the windows.
“You don’t owe me anything, Tony, you already give me everything,” Bucky said, holding Peter close, watching his expression change as he looked up at his young father. “…can we go home?”
“…they said I’d have to take hormones, that I’d have to be closely treated and monitored, they said it wouldn’t happen easily, I didn’t even know if I needed to do something different, I…I didn’t mean for it to happen,” Bucky whispered, wrapping his arms around himself, hugging tight as he always did when his anxiety flared.
“Did you know their names?” Natasha asked, her interests piqued when she realized he was using their common names. “Specifically, what were you told?”
“That’s where it’s definitely very different,” Steve agreed with a nod, looking up at his mother’s face and smiling a little. “If we win, I’ll mostly be happy that you’re going to be taken care of. I don’t want you to have to work hard in the fish market every day, I’d like you to have some time to yourself.”
“You’re correct, yes,” Tony nodded again, hating that Fury could still make him feel like a kid again. He felt like he was asking permission rather than giving an order. “I know you can handle this, or I wouldn’t be doing it.”
“We do,” Bucky said, wondering how out of touch the King was as he clinked his glass against Tony’s, not making a fuss when Steve’s hand brushed against his. “Cheers.”
“With my thirty fifth birthday approaching, I’m sure some of you know that it is also the deadline for me to find a husband or wife,” Tony began, feeling that it would be best to explain to everyone why he’d decided to do this. “I don’t have anyone in my life that I want to marry, but I do want to keep my crown, so I had to make a choice. And my choice was to wed one of my people, one of you, so that you may have representation in my house, so that I may learn from you as you learn from me. I wanted a spouse that would enrich me. But I don’t have time to meet each and every one of you to make my choice, so I brought to you my lottery. This is a fair and equal chance for all eligible families, regardless of position, appearance, anything that could influence my decision. I am letting fate choose my betrothed!”
“Steve, I can’t!”
Like staging a car accident.
“I would have given anything for your life before us to be different,” Tony said sadly, hating to hear how Bucky had suffered under his father, though he would never tell him how much it hurt him. He didn’t want Bucky to bottle everything up. “I’m so sorry, Bucky, I’m sorry for everything he did to you, I’ll never be able to apologize enough.”
“What if I don’t get picked? What if someone moves into our house with it being empty?” Steve asked, sitting up a bit until Jarvis’s gentle hand on his shoulder kept him in place. “We didn’t even think about losing our home.”
“It means a lot to just hear it now,” Bucky smiled warmly, breathing Steve in as he relaxed against him. “I love you so much, you know that, right? I don’t think I can say that enough. I am very much looking forward to being between you two tonight.”
“Take it off,” said Steve suddenly.
“Excellent then,” Tony smiled at both men, wondering which one he was going to end up with. As far as he was concerned at the moment, they were both good candidates, he’d be happy with either. He couldn’t wait for the fun of getting to know them, spend some one on one time with them, maybe a little more.
“It is,” Tony nodded, swirling his whiskey in his glass as he watched Stane refill his own tumbler.
“Steve, it’s okay, let’s see it,” Bucky encouraged, smiling up at him with shining blue eyes. “I already know it’s going to be beautiful.”
“Surely you can’t mean that,” Stane laughed, a feeling like cold water being poured down his back radiating over him. “Tony, it helps control the criminal population, people enjoy going to executions, and it’s cheaper than housing a bunch of hoodlums.”
“And how do you propose to pay for it if we don’t have money?” asked Stane, hoping to knock this train of thought from Tony’s head.
“f you want to talk to him, you can talk to him through the microphone on the computer, it’s fairly easy to figure out, the application is on the desktop. For now, you can go in though, say hello. I’m sure Bucky’s eager to meet you,” Ms. Carr said, watching as the two of them got their first good look at each other, pleased with how things were going. Reaching over, she pressed the blue button that unlocked Bucky’s room, holding the door open so that he could step inside.
“Bucky. My name is Bucky,” the boy said as he looked up at Steve again, their eyes meeting without the glass between them this time. “You don’t want this job, quit now while they’ll let you.”
“I don’t know,” Steve said, dropping his sticks and running back to the house, closely followed by Tony who had abandoned the wheelbarrow. Bursting out from the trees, he saw a black SUV sitting behind theirs in the driveway, and it was not one he’d seen around town before.
“I wrote it all down and gave it to Pepper,” Tony pulled the bowl over, wanting more grapes. “I want this executed immediately. I want the people to get their numbers starting today so we can make the draw soon. I don’t want to wait.”
“Are my mom and Natasha okay?” Steve couldn’t help inquiring about them, especially considering what happened to Namor.
“Your Majesty,” Tony lowered his own head in return, hating this pageantry, having a hard time not rolling his eyes. “Did you come from Latveria? You must need food and drink, and probably baths.”
“Let us help,” he saw Pepper stare at him for a moment before looking over at Rhodey and finally she nodded.
He sat in the car for fifteen minutes outside the hospital and nobody disturbed him there. In there he was just an old man with his silence and a death grip on the wheel.
"Okay," Steve replied and shot a cheeky hint of a smile over his shoulder that had Tony chuckling lightly.
Steve grunted and pulled himself forward, inch by inch as the horde bogged him down, anything to get to Thanos. To stop him from curling his fist.
When Bucky finally had to leave, he hugged Steve and offered him a tired smile.
He had to get up. He had to let go now, before he couldn't, before he
“I know, he wouldn’t have told you and Ross calmed down over the years,” she said, letting a breath out slowly, “I still remember the look on Tony’s face when he heard the demand. Ross got off easy that day.”
"I -," Steve shouldn't speak, he knew he shouldn't and nothing mattered but his hand was fighting hard to not cling to Tony's arm and his eyes were trying to not cloud so he had to let something go, "I miss you."
"Your childish goading doesn't affect me, Steve Rogers," Kang scoffed, pointing his gauntleted hand in Steve's direction, "But I will keep you here to allow you to see what your true punishment is. Kang will bring back balance to the timestream and you will be witness to it from my hold."
given. Rhodey had left him with a note to watch over Nat and his tone had implied that she needed it in a way she wouldn’t admit.
It was strange how it hadn't taken long for Tony to switch back to being Iron Man from being the temporary Director of SHIELD but Steve couldn't go back to being Captain America yet. He still had the shield in his apartment, always by the foot of the bed even at night, and the uniform hung clean in the closet. He was Captain America in every way, even in the eyes of those who had sought to suspend him, but he hadn't picked up the shield since his last fight with Tony.
in a park and Sam recorded the whole thing on video. It took her five minutes of listening to the guy try to explain how it was a great American song before she got up, stared him down and tore him a new one about leaving people. When he persisted, she yelled ‘Leonard Cohen was a Canadian! And a Jewish one at that, so take your hat and shove it up your ass!’. I have to say, it was satisfying to watch him turn as red as his cap. Did you really not get any notification of the incident? We were still supposed to be in hiding and I’m sure the guy made a fuss about it somewhere. If you did hear about it and helped keep it quiet, thanks.”
Steve was trying to catch Tony’s eye throughout the afternoon but the other man found every method in the book to avoid it. There weren’t many people, nowhere near as many as there had been during her first birthday, and at first Natasha had been completely okay with it. They cut a home-baked cake that Jarvis had brought along and Maria sang for her daughter.
Tony and Rocket worked on the time portal with an odd collaboration of ideas between the planning of the time heist. It was a simple plan in theory but there were details that wouldn’t pan out until they knew the way to go about it.
“You have a daughter who watched a projection of you tell her that you loved her yesterday,” Steve dragged the words out, knowing that frustration was bleeding through but not caring, “Pepper watched your reactor float down a lake and had to hold herself together because she didn’t have any other option. Rhodey had to carry your body off the battlefield and then tell a public of strangers why his best friend was a hero.”
“We’re about 20 minutes from Detroit,” Steve leaned back on his seat and grinned sheepishly at the wry tone from the driver’s seat, “Why’d you have to be such a sucker, Rogers?”
The crowds had moved into the shade and Steve was arranged the last of the burgers to carry over when he saw a hand pick one right off his plate. He leaned forward to snatch it back from Tony, a protest and a laugh ready to come when Tony easily turned his head.
"A ton. You know, like a normal person," Tony said with the undertone of a laugh that he was swallowing. It had been a long time since Steve had heard him speak with this ease and with so much love for someone. Being a creator had always been Tony's calling but being a father had let him come alive in ways that made Steve's heart ache with both fond happiness and an accepted bittersweet shadow. He hadn't lied when he had told Tony that he was happy for him. Morgan was precious in every possible way and there was nothing more beautiful than knowing that Tony had found people to love as much as he had always wanted to give.
“There has to be something”
Sand, not so much. But still. A beach would be nice sometime.
“Not the blueberry princess?” Tony asked as he tied the braided hair under, pinning it in place with a hairpin he was holding between his teeth.
The controls weren't tampered with and he worked on finding a coordinate, any signal that could tell them the course out of the fortress.
He was standing over the sink again, finally closing the tap and watching the water escape down the drain when he recorded his twenty third message.
The new batch of film lay peeled open
“Yeah?”
“It’s a long story, but you’re not wrong,” Tony ran a hand through his hair and eyed his surroundings, “That really was me and my body. Can we talk somewhere else? I’m pretty sure this isn’t the most covert place in the area and I’d like to not be starving if we’re going to be shot at anytime soon. Do you have any cash?”
“This should get us the slightest chance but I’m hoping that should be enough,” Tony said to no one in particular, using his nail to pull out a microchip.
Tony’s grin sharpened and this time the kick was much more precise.
The call disconnected and an incessant tone of beeping took over but Steve stood at the sink for a while. The water draining through his fingers tied him to the present as he digested the information, pulling it apart in his mind.
It felt like that had been an entirely different life and the frustration spun through Steve’s veins further.
“It’s a beard, Tony,” Steve reminded, gulping down the glass in a go before wiping his mouth, “We were on the run, personal grooming wasn’t high on anyone’s list of priorities.”
"He gathered Selvig's notes," the handwriting, slanted in rushed ink was familiar from the notes they had once used themselves to try and dissect his understanding of the Tesseract, "If he's following Selvig –"
"Why aren't we divorced again?" Tony asked but Steve could read the annoyance in his tone and it strangely made him calm down further.
“You make a fuss when I don’t,” Tony pointed out as he came to the bed and silently glared at Steve’s feet.
"Let's go home?" Tony asked, holding out his fist with the time GPS strapped over his knuckles. It was not what could have been but Steve knew all about second chances and everyone had their own limit just as they had right to them. Tony had his second chance waiting for him in a time far away from now. Steve? Well, the one he was being offered wasn't so bad either.
Which left them with faith. And one step between them.
“It’s a beautiful home,” Steve said as Tony moved forward with him, Pepper talking to Nat behind them as Scott tried to downplay his restlessness while listening to Morgan describe her camp time. To anybody else it would be just another home in the woods, an ideal hearth of the withdrawn, but Steve could see it. The porch had an armchair that was vintage at first glance but it had the odd mix of comfortable seating with bizarre mosaic in muted green, the front of the house had panels with a minimum of five spots he could detect that could easily house security cameras that were AI controlled. And then there was the door that Steve had already seen in a long-sent picture, still there with the precision of an engineer rather than the eye of an artist.
God, they were all
Natasha didn't sometimes, he thought. She had lived around liars and grown over their reaches for a lifetime, so there were times when her eyes would look through Steve's words. She would see him and Steve would think that it would be it, the moment when he could be pulled down. But she wouldn't. She was raised to be a liar too, even if one too kind, and she had learned to look past Steve's lies.
Steve exhaled slowly before opening his eyes and Tony was right. He could see himself.
“I’ll let you two get some rest then,” she said and kissed him on the cheek before leaving the room.
Potts flew through the air.
The kiss wasn't cold, wasn't a goodbye really, but maybe they had said their goodbyes a while ago. Steve's eyes were closed when his lips brushed Tony's, just a hint of warmth snatched away when he retreated before Tony could pursue it further.
"Everything okay at SHIELD?" Tony asked and looked up, just enough that he could see Steve's face looking unbearably fond. A mirror, then, just like Tony.
"He – Steve," Tony swallowed at the tears that Steve shook off.
“You’re right,” he said, swallowing the momentary nervousness as Tony hummed distractedly, “I did promise something special. I can’t do what I actually planned right now but we could do something better if you want?”
"You're almost as tiresome as the Starks," the conqueror observed casually before the jet began moving on its own, power dampened from the fortress, "It's time you joined them."
"Okay?"
“He was a crazy bastard, but he kept his things in order,” Tony scratched at his forehead, his elbow resting on his thigh, “Everything had a method, everything its place. It drove me nuts sometimes but it made for a clean workspace and a lot of clear projects.”
“NO! No, they’re mine, we know they’re mine, Steve wasn’t with him then…” Tony fumbled through his lie, desperate to keep Bucky and his children alive, trembling all over as he kept begging this to be a nightmare. “How did you find us?”
“That’s fine, go ahead,” Tony nodded as Pepper hurried out, turning to face the two nervous looking men. “I thought whoever won would be a lot happier. One of you looks lost, and the other one looks like he wants to eat that one’s face every few minutes. You two know each other?”
Sitting at Bucky’s side, holding his hand, Steve stared over at the machines on his other side, one monitoring his husband, and the other his children. He’d been there alone for hours, and he had no idea what he was supposed to tell the doctors and nurses about who Bucky was or what had happened. He did his best, and now James Stark-Rogers was checked into a hospital in Whitehorse, Yukon after a scary helicopter ride, one Steve had to do without Tony, who was in police custody back in Dawson City. Bucky was immediately given blood and brought into surgery, adding another scar near his metal arm. The doctor told Steve that they’d saved Bucky, but that they needed to keep their eyes on the twins, leaving him in tears by his husband’s side.
Which, Steve wouldn’t have if parking spots respected his choice.
“You’re leaving, aren’t you?” she asked, no build-up or guesswork thrown to ease in. They didn’t really need it maybe, bruises scabbed enough to numb new sores.
He couldn’t touch Tony for an instant and then he couldn’t stop himself from dragging himself towards him. Tony didn’t expect the hug at first and let out a half-bitten sound but steadied himself as Steve closed his arms around him, engulfing Tony as much as his body would allow him.
“Only if I get to be Canis Major,” Tony replied and Steve rolled his eyes even as he nodded.
"If you're done gawking," Stephen stretched his palms outwards, this time to work out the kinks in his finger joints, "could you send me the new readings for – yes, thank you."
“Now that I’ve discovered the reason for your mood, it’s fine,” she agreed and Steve rolled his eyes lightly, “Have a good session today and tell Natasha that Rhodey left her gift at our place. I’m sure it was unintentional.”
It was like the ring he wore in the chain under his stealth uniform; present but ambiguous.
The Stark Mansion resembled the white model Steve had seen in Tony’s lakehouse, imposing in its immaculate grandeur.
“I don’t know, Fury said he’s good for this,” Sam looked at the living room when they entered the home, “It’s a nice house.”
And maybe five years was enough.
“What –”
Steve watched Howard’s jovial expression shift gradually into a blank look as Tony explained, leaving out parts that they really couldn’t explain. Steve resisted the urge to clench his hands when Tony explained about him and Howard’s eyes widened, glued to Steve even as Tony’s words sped up.
Potts didn't seem fazed by the statement and stayed in place as Tony raised an alarm anyway, sending out a priority alert to Sam just in case Steve's team might be interested.
"Not to you," Tony said before shooting Reed a look as they began to get sucked in, "Tell Steve –"
On Sunday he decided to drive down to the Compound, wanting to touch base and meet Nat. They both kept busy in different ways but the last time he had been down there, Rhodey had been present too and had pulled him aside to quietly talk about Clint. It wasn’t surprising to Steve that Nat wasn’t giving up on him, and it hurt somewhere hard whenever he read the reports of yet another work of
Steve – he was sinking with practiced ease of a trusted anchor.
She opened her mouth to answer when an alert of a message sounded and they both turned to see the screen open to a cam footage.
“Me? Yeah, of course, what?” Tony would not admit to his voice cracking any time after he had crossed his unfortunate teens. He kept his eyes trained on the data flashing on the holotable but heard Rhodey pause.
"Maybe I could go do the job alone and -" Tony let the sentence peter out at Steve's dry look and crossed his arms in resignation, "- or not, that's fine too. You know, we could just have you run half-naked through the place and create a distraction. That would be a pretty good one."
"Okay," Tony accepted because he was sensing that there was something else going on too, "You want to tell me why you need to go on this suicidal mission alone then? Because we can both do it and get to the jet together, I know that, alright?"
“Good,” Tony nodded with approval before grinning, “Now about the suit plans”
Steve had a recurring dream among the nightmares that plagued his waking sleep ever since he had made home in the hospital. He was laughing, in the unasked dream, grinning and carefree in warm clothes of red. There was a mulberry tree beside him, black droplets of its fruit strewn on the ground, and nobody was picking them up. He didn't care, in that moment, he let them fall and was happy. And then someone would call for him, someone from above, a garbled voice with unintelligible words. He'd ignore it once, twice, and then look up, because he hadn't imagined someone calling for him from anywhere beyond his sight's reach. He'd look up and it was always the same.
"I guessed," he replied, smiling slightly when Tony shot him a questioning look, "Your birthday comes next month, right? Well, here at least."
This was supposed to be their second chance. Third maybe, if he considered the brief hope he’d harboured five years ago during that trip to The Garden. Of all the mistakes they had made, the missed calls, this was supposed to be a renewed chance. It had seemed like a joke in the beginning, like all dreams do to starved souls with burned fingers, but then it had been one day, two, and three of effort. There had been a voice in his mind, cracking through the surface.
The words were casual but Steve had been her friend longer than he had realized and he could read the cautious hope, the test of re-evaluation. He knew he couldn’t stay the way she had, wear the name of either Avenger or Captain America. It wasn’t his mould right now and he couldn’t lie to the one person who had given him more honesty than he should have deserved.
“It’s an earthquake under the ocean, Nat,” Okoye said as Steve came closer, standing at the entrance, “We handle it by not handling it.”
The others were early too, all of them trickling into the kitchen one after the other, and Steve spent a moment of quiet looking over the scene. There was no training, no routine, nothing that could really prepare them for this mission and yet this was one time he felt his mind clear of doubt. They were desperate, yes, and running on a fantastical idea but they were also at their realest points of lives. All that they had to lose, they had lost and all that they aspired to win, they had lived without for years now. It was a morbid balance of acceptance and denial, and it was strangely liberating to let that be their strength.
