There was a pause as they continued with the dishes, finally clearing them all away and letting the water drain out of the sink.
Sherlock took in the scene - the adults at the bottom, the cub far too high above ground to make it back down on his own. The branches that were far too thin for any of the adult ocelots to climb. And Donovan, too large to get close enough to the cub to grab him.
A thrill shot down his spine at the callback to their very first case together, though the hunger in John’s eyes was far more pronounced now.
“We can’t leave the windows open and the heat is killing us,” John said. “But I want your promise that you won’t take it apart like the last one.”
"Well, we haven't really had time to ask anyone about it," Sherlock said. "I was hoping you would be able to tell us more about it, actually."
And there was Sherlock, lying in the soft grass, a familiar piece of paper held aloft in front of his face. John hadn't wanted to interrupt. If it was his letter, he wanted to be sure Sherlock had read all of it. And if it wasn't ... well, it seemed bad form to disrupt him.
John rolled his eyes. "You do realise that cooking is not a skill genetically passed on to all females on the planet, right? My sister is just as bad as I am."
It was a shot of the outside of the church, followed by some more shots of the guests arriving and close-ups of the decorations. There were pictures of the bridesmaids and one of Sherlock, looking devastating in his tuxedo. John stared at that one for quite a while before Sherlock nudged him and he clicked forward.
"None. He was a good lad, always friendly, always happy to chat for a bit or lend a hand if you needed it. Mr and Mrs Walczak have been regulars here for nigh on thirty years and they said they've never seen a nicer or more helpful concierge than him. They always tipped very generously, though not so much in recent years, and it was never enough for him to afford the kind of stuff he had before he died. What does a boy like him want with an expensive watch, I ask you?"
Keep him talking. That was the key. Keep Moriarty talking and thinking and distracted from blowing out Sherlock's brains or wondering about John. How long had he been gone? How long had it taken John to recover from the attack and go looking for him? Not too much time could have passed yet - he would have to distract Moriarty further, somehow, anyhow. This would be the first step. He was sure he could find plenty more.
Sally thinks that these high-resolution photographs of Mary Morstan may in fact be the best Christmas present she has ever gotten.
"For what it's worth, I'm sorry for handcuffing you to a radiator," Sherlock said, not quite looking at him.
John thought about Sherlock saying he would let him get married even as his body indicated he didn’t want to and felt another shudder of relief travel through him. For all the things that had gone wrong, at least he hadn’t put Sherlock in a situation where he would have to watch John walk away like that. If Sherlock cared even half as much as John had begun to suspect, then it had been cruel to ask him to be best man and would have been truly unforgivable to make him stand by and watch as John got married.
John was surprised to find that this thought annoyed him. Why wouldn't someone want to marry Sherlock? He was brilliant and gorgeous and, if the mood struck him, unexpectedly kind. He was also accidentally hilarious more often than not. For all his many faults, he wasn't boring.
"I'm assuming they don't talk in complete words and sentences like we do," Sherlock said. "But do you understand them?"
He suppressed another yawn. While his motor functions were back to what they should be, he had slept terribly. Last night he had been too exhausted to really think about anything and had fallen asleep quickly, but then he had awoken in the middle of the night and not had that luxury. He hadn't slept a wink for the rest of the night, just dozed on and off and thought too much.
"Not at all," she said quickly, grinning. "It... works, somehow. Ty, I know you're making a face behind my back. Stop it."
Sherlock, looking a little shell-shocked, obediently retrieved the cup and saucer and handed them to John.
Sherlock snorted. "Don't tax yourself too much, John." There was a bang and another curse. "Who on earth designed these things? And for whom? I can't even bend over in here without banging my head."
He closed his eyes, a sinking feeling in his chest. Of course something had to go wrong at the last moment. In all their preparations, it hadn't for a moment occured to him that Sherlock would not be with him every step of the way.
Sherlock made a mental note to train John and his bladder to keep to a schedule more suited to the average Londoner.
It was quite possible Sherlock was also right about him falling asleep soon. He did feel rather knackered and there was still enough alcohol in his system to make him feel a bit sluggish and lazy. "Time for bed then, I suppose."
She spends all day looking through the box, going through each file in turn and carefully examining every photograph on the hard drives. She makes copies of everything and starts sorting stuff by victim. It's late afternoon when she reaches Peter Croft, the last of the victims. The Telegraph has a whole slew of pictures of the street he lived on, showing the house and the police activity in front of it from every possible angle.
The best that could be said about them was that they did not seem to be painful if executed correctly, but a lack of pain did not preclude the presence of something else.
He shook his head and something like despair flickered across his face. "I revoked his skin privileges to keep him safe."
"I'm glad," Sherlock murmured. "I'm glad you didn't change anything, that you left it just like this. I wouldn't have believed it otherwise. That this is happening. But I'm home and you're right here with me."
"You knew that already," Sherlock pointed out calmly. "Mycroft informed me of the microphone." His face showed quite clearly what he thought about that. "I suppose it will spare me most of my statement on what happened. Of course she tried to kill me. It's very consistent with what we knew of her character already."
"Do you have anything planned for Bonfire Night?" Sally asks Mrs Hudson, earning a shake of her head.
Temporarily, of course. Even Sherlock couldn't delude himself into thinking that he would not seek John's presence again after a couple of hours.
Afterwards, he could call Lestrade, pester him about a case, perhaps solve some cold cases for him and yell at Anderson.
Sherlock's eyes flicked from the pajamas to John's face, then back down, then back up again. He frowned. "Why?"
Mycroft rolls his eyes, clearly agreeing. "Two years ago, you couldn't condemn him as a child abductor and serial killer quickly enough. Now, you've moved into a flat in the same house as him, a flat that has sat unoccupied for a very long time indeed."
The lube made it easy, a slick glide of skin on skin that effectively banished all other thoughts from his head. He let his thumb slide over the glans on every second stroke, new sparks of pleasure racing up and down his spine each time.
John moaned and dropped his head forward, resting his forehead against Sherlock's clavicle to watch the movement of his hand in the water.
Sherlock blinked at her. "It's a spring roll, Mary. You've already had two. I assure you, they are perfectly edible."
Sherlock had said, just as John had feared. As if that made it any better. As if that would stop John from wishing he could kill whoever had done this to his best friend. He hoped to god they were dead. Perhaps when they got back to London he would call Mycroft and ask him if they were.
Sherlock opened his e-mails, deleting the usual junk mail and boring requests for him to find missing heirlooms and unfaithful husbands until he finally found the message he had been looking for.
She smiled. "It's good to see you, too, Johnny. I'm really glad you found your place in the world even though it's not with us."
"He didn't even tell us about his own charitable efforts," John said with mock disappointment. "What a shame."
But he couldn't ask. The man who had walked into this office was all but a stranger. He certainly treated John like one.
He desperately wanted to know what it was. The words 'what happened on that roof?' were stuck in his throat but he couldn't get them out, couldn't make himself ask, afraid of what the answer might be. Afraid of being dragged back into the life he had missed so much it hurt. He knew, deep down, that he would not be able to bear losing Sherlock like that for a second time. It was best to remain detached.
Mycroft pressed a button and the separation window rolled up, giving the three of them a bit of privacy.
It's beautiful but Sally can't help but feel a sense of melancholy creep up on her. It comes on slowly, a distant sadness she can't quite place. It makes her long for a long-gone past, a happier time.
The Psy nodded, stepped forward and said coolly. "If you will hold on to my arm, Councillor. Dr Watson, I will need to be in physical contact with both you and Mr Holmes."
He waited for Sherlock to give him a nod of confirmation, then started on his way through the flat, nose pressed to the ground as he followed various scent trails through the rooms to see which led where.
"I just like hearing you say it," Sherlock admitted, somehow even closer now, though John honestly couldn't recall having seen him move. "I like hearing you finally admit it."
And Sherlock was still leaning against the wall where John had left him, slowly tilting to the left.
He raised his gaze and there it was again, that complicated expression on Sherlock's face. It looked a little bit like desperation and hope.
In the hustle and bustle of a work day that was just beginning and where half the employees had not yet had their coffee, no one paid him any mind and he walked straight through to the executives' offices without garnering a second glance from anyone. Perhaps once he had solved the case he would come back and give them some tips on how to increase security on their premises.
Ty had been unusually quiet since the arrival of their unexpected visitors. Now he shrugged. "Any changeling who goes for an entire year or longer without shifting is putting themselves under great physical and psychological strain. We may be able to survive without shifting for a while, but we need the shift just as much as you lot need your PsyNet," he said, jerking his chin towards Sherlock. "Incidentally - how do we know you won't upload this entire conversation and any information you manage to glean about our pack to your Net?"
It wasn't a direct admission but it also wasn't a denial and John could barely hear his words over the roaring in his ears.
Anxiety formed an ever-tighter knot in his stomach, rendering him unable to move or breathe properly as he watched the minutes tick by.
"Naturally. I would have preferred you to do it but I didn't really want you to see me like this and Mycroft pointed out - quite rightly - that getting you to meet me in that state might not be the best way to tell you I was alive."
"And we'd be lost without you," his wife says, reaching for his hand. They share another one of those looks that make Sally want to apologise for being in the same room.
Mrs Hudson was the first of the inhabitants of 221b to hear the news. Quite literally. She was doing the washing up with the radio tuned into her favourite rock station when the 12 o’clock news came on.
There is champagne and then Molly and her fiancée show up and Sally almost chokes on her drink. Mrs Hudson has to pat her back and tell her to keep it together and Sally wishes she could get a video of John's face so she could watch it on repeat. Lestrade looks a bit like someone kicked his puppy but she really doesn't have time to wonder what that is about because she's too busy trying to breathe and watch Holmes seize up Molly's partner at the same time.
That night, while Sherlock fell asleep with surprising ease, his body apparently adapting to a regular sleep-schedule, John stayed wide awake.
There will be no more miscommunication, not about this. There will be no more going off on their own, leaving the other behind.
“They’d likely have used one of these samurai swords, though,” Mrs Hudson said. “That’s not what happened, is it?”
There was nothing he could do right now except hope for John to say or do something that would make everything click into place, the way it so frequently did.
The day after that, Sally rereads John's blog. She doesn't even know why she does it - perhaps to remind herself of what she's trying to get back for them. They're never going to thank her for it. If she manages to do this right, they will hopefully never know.
Lestrade was waiting for them next to the body, frowning down at the man curled up on the soft grass. Blood dripped from the male's ears and nose. There were no other obvious signs of injury.
"Here, why don't you do something for your teeth and have a go at this?" Sherlock suggested and threw it towards him.
He retreated to the bathroom, used the loo and brushed his teeth and chucked the now rather oily smaller towel into the laundry basket. The other would be fine for another use so he had left it on the floor beside the bed.
"I shifted," John explained. "For the first time since Afghanistan, I allowed myself to be fully me. Both sides of me. I was finally ... whole. And all of me loved you. Loves you. And you needed me and you felt-
"I know you're a changeling loner, one of the Felidae, subfamily Pantherinea, genus Panthera, also known as the big cats, you've recently been invalided home from Afghanistan under traumatic circumstances and your therapist thinks your limp is psychosomatic. Quite correctly, I'm afraid."
It was only natural that, if his body ever managed to override Sherlock's supremely rational mind, John would be the one he turned to. Years of trust and their mutual comfort with each other's personal space (a concept that had never really existed between them) would make it all the easier to move their relationship to an entirely new level.
There was a knock on the door and a moment later Mrs Hudson poked her head in. "Hoo-hoo, Sherlock dear. Are you all right? I heard the door slam and someone stomping down the stairs and I thought I'd better see how you are doing. We don't want a repeat of your last angry client."
"When you're back to human, you will have to tell me precisely how much you were able to smell," he told John. "I want details, John, so you better use that brain of yours and remember it all."
Sherlock shook his head. "It wouldn't matter to them. It is still fresh in people's minds. I heard there is a child now. Half Psy, half changeling. The Council likely sees it as a deliberate insult. They will retaliate. If they can't do so directly, they will find other ways. I cannot let John get in the crossfire of that. So I told him the experiment was over and that I had all the resistance I could possibly need."
John whined at her and flicked his ears uncertainly. This was not something he could - or wanted to - explain to Mrs Hudson under the circumstances.
Any half-formed excuses and apologies died on John's lips when Sherlock's eyes snapped open and two trembling -
Sherlock gave him a look. “I assure you, there will be no wrangling. I prefer to think of it as ... coaxing.”
Sherlock had left the house in the early morning and hidden himself away in the laboratory of St Bart's hospital. He had commandeered the victims' full brains and was carefully inspecting them for damage, trying to figure out how extensive it was and how much power it would have taken.
Judd tilted his head and scanned him from head to toe. "You are still standing upright despite your mate's being here. How long ago was your flame-out?"
"But you can't be sure," Emily reminded him. "Have you talked to other changelings who had similar experiences?"
"If it's anything like your muffins, the bakeries in this area must be out of business," Sherlock said smoothly. John almost choked on his muffin. Even after all these years, witnessing Sherlock turning on the charm was still something of an experience.
"I see you're still spying on me," he said as soon as Mycroft answered. "Doesn't it ever get boring?"
They stared at each other, John at the foot of Sherlock's bed. Sherlock struggled upright again. "It was worth it," he said firmly, even though his voice was cracking around the edges of the words. "It was all worth it to keep you alive. I'd do it again in a heartbeat."
Sherlock does, pulled along like a puppet on strings, with John the puppet master and sentiment tugging at his limbs.
John gave a half-hearted growl at that, but didn't have the energy to protest as Sherlock swiftly carried him to the nearest park exit where he set him down and hailed a cab with an impervious wave of his arm.
"I like that one," John said a couple of minutes later. "I didn't even notice you taking that, Mrs Hudson!"
"So long as she doesn't insist on taking one of us like this," Sherlock murmured, tightening his arm around John's waist.
When Sherlock continued to look confused, John sighed and crouched down next to him, lowering his voice to explain. "A Changeling mating bond is for life, you know that. If one partner dies and there are no young children that need them, the mate will likely die as well, either at almost the same time or soon afterwards."
Mary smiled and if it was a bit shaky, he decided not to read too much into it. "See that you do. I called the florist yesterday to finalise the flower arrangements and we have our first rehearsal scheduled for next week."
Sherlock blinked and, to John's eternal surprise, a light pink blush spread across his cheekbones. "No."
He watched as the two dogs circled one another, sniffing each other and wagging their tails. And then ... Sherlock watched in amazement.
That was a rather odd question to ask, Sherlock thought. Particularly since the answer was so obvious. “Because it was what you wanted.”
John opened the fridge, blindly reached inside and pulled out the note, which he held up in front of the detective's face. It said:
"Why?" John demanded and Sherlock realised he had a long list of perfectly fine reasons and couldn't possibly utter a single one of them.
John tried to imagine Sherlock defecting. He shivered. It was an appealing idea, and not just because Sherlock so clearly chafed against any restrictions others saw fit to place on him. In fact, it was surprising he hadn't found a way out on his own by now. Then again, Mycroft would never let that happen.
"Well, I never say no to your tea," Mr Holmes says warmly. "And I'm afraid we're not going to leave without my wife interrogating your guest now."
"Goodbye, my darling girl," Sherlock murmured to her. "Sleep tight and be a good girl. I'll call you soon."
Posting this story made the time go by faster in the hellyear 2020 has been and your enthusiasm and encouragement have absolutely made my day every single time.
She sniffed again and John handed her a tissue, giving her his most reassuring smile at the same time.
He squeezed her tighter. "I'll always be with you. Just ... you know, a bit farther away. You should come visit us."
"Sure you weren't," John said fondly on his way to the kettle, then caught sight of the bowl on the kitchen table. "New experiment?"
Even as he did it, it occurred to Sherlock that it was the first time since he had broken Silence for good that he was intent on consuming something other than a bland Psy meal. How fitting that the first thing he actively tasted in this new life would be his mate.
Standing there, in the endless seconds of uncertainty, of not knowing, Sherlock allowed himself to admit the reason for his fear, the answer to the question of why even breathing without John there seemed preposterous, why he would rather have John the dog than no John at all. At least here, in the privacy of his mind, he was free to admit the truth.
"Quite a lot of someones, actually," Sally says calmly. She glances towards Lestrade, who gives her a nod. This one is hers.
"Hmm, and there's no use in ruining a young life over something that should get him a medal, really." John made sure to keep his own face neutral as he spoke, not daring to turn his head and meet Sherlock's gaze. "The poor bastard is already suffering enough."
And so, when John came over to lie next to him and casually rested his head on Sherlock's foot to doze, Sherlock murmured "Thank you" and hoped John understood how much he was really thanking him for.
"I'm going to take your hand and hold it," John told him. "I know you do handshakes sometimes when you're wearing gloves and even without them if it can't be helped, but you aren't wearing them now and I won't let go."
He cleared his throat. "Really. Thank you. If ever you are in need of a consulting detective, don't hesitate to reach out."
John sighed. "You wouldn't have," he said quietly, wishing he could reach out and force Sherlock to look at him, but his hands were still pinned. "When you said you weren't interested, I took your word for it. And I went through a collection of girlfriends so you wouldn't be made uncomfortable by my interest in you."
There were only so many ways a man could torture himself without losing his mind and he had already concluded a week ago that John in uniform would bring him to his knees in two seconds flat. Sherlock had no idea how he had made it out of Baskerville and into a car and all the way back to the inn without turning into a useless bundle of desire. Okay, without letting on that he had turned into precisely that.
"Still at Baker Street. I left him with Mrs Hudson, told her not to let him out of her sight. I think she knows."
They finished their walk two hours later, only getting delayed four times by people who wanted to interrogate Sherlock about his cute dog - and, much to John's amusement, Sherlock's schedule.
Sherlock shrugged. “It has to be. I’m back, you’re back, Mary is gone. We’re right where we were before I got us into this mess. Except this time Moriarty is also gone. We won’t have to worry about him anymore, thank god.”
John noticed the change from past to present tense and frowned. Who did he know whom Sherlock might be interested in and who was so clearly unavailable that Sherlock had decided to give up on him?
when I found out I was already married when I took my fiancée to the registrar's office? What if you had never ... left? Would you have ever mentioned it again?"
He flinched as the door on the driver's side was opened and closed, and then again when the engine came to life. Before today, he had always considered Mycroft's cars to be almost eerily silent, the engine hardly more than a low background purr that could easily be ignored. Now, he realised it were his own ears that had deceived him and he distantly wondered whether any other car would be painfully loud if even this one made for quite the uncomfortable collection of sounds already.
"If it is relevant, it is important to share with others," Sherlock said haughtily. "Unless a business or political advantage may be gained from keeping said information close, of course."
Sherlock shut the front door behind himself and sagged against it. He raised a trembling hand to his face and wasn't surprised at all when it came away slightly damp. One shuddering breath and another, and another.
John follows at a more sedate pace, not at all keen on catching up with him. He still has no idea what to say. Luckily, he doesn't have to, because Sherlock is already shut up in his bedroom, no doubt taking off that beautiful tuxedo.
"Oh dear," Tyson muttered. "Hide your daughters, hide your sisters, barricade the doors. John is on the prowl."
Sherlock's thoughts screech to a halt, his breath snatched from him as the physical contact occupies all the space in his brain, easily trumping the need to breathe in favour of processing the toasty 38.4°C of John's hand after a night in a warm bed, the texture of Sherlock's own shirt pressed to his skin in an exact outline of John's hand, the closeness, the
Perhaps Lestrade sensed his deteriorating mood because he dropped the subject and turned the conversation to some of his own pack's antics, regaling John with stories of misbehaving juveniles and the challenges of balancing pack life and the job.
There was a pained yelp and then silence and as Sherlock whirled around he fully expected to see his best friend's unconscious form on the floor.
John grinned as Mr Fredriksen's mouth dropped open. "If you require my credentials, don't hesitate to call Detective Inspector Lestrade at Scotland Yard. ... Yes. ... Thank you. Goodbye."
There's something fierce in his voice and eyes and beneath that Sally thinks she sees a glimpse of terror. It's gone in an instant and then so are he and John.
John shrugged, biting into his own toast. "Most of those sacrifices seem to stem from my wardrobe, so I won't argue that point."
In the midst of this train of thought came the gruff and completely unwanted voice of DI Greg Lestrade.
His cat wasn't happy with that. Ha! Home. The bedsit was barely worth the term 'accommodation'. Certainly no lair, no home.
That alone would have at least warranted a second look from Sherlock, who had never seen the sense in denying himself anything he actively enjoyed. But a soldier in fatigues with a kind face and kinder words? That was new.
He blew out an angry breath, made sure the towel was tied securely around his waist, squared his shoulders, opened the door -
John promptly started forward to sniff at the stranger's trouser legs before giving him a look full of contempt and moving to sit beside his own armchair.
John chuckled and his hands resumed their movement. “Are you saying this is a test of our self-control?”
"Well, they are utterly delightful," their landlady said. "I'm glad you put them on the card, Sherlock!"
He focused on his food while Sherlock talked, going on and on about the precise process of the transformation with a light in his eyes that looked disturbingly familiar.
His frustration was evident to John - and it was all the evidence he needed to know that Sherlock had already spent considerable time thinking about it. And if anyone was clever enough to find a loophole, surely it was Sherlock.
"No," Sherlock interrupted. "Absolutely not. He's not a guinea pig. I will not let anyone run any sort of test on him. They managed to turn him into a dog without doing any tests, they can bloody well reverse the effect without any tests as well."
He's already calculating the likely cooling-off period John will require to calm down enough for them both to pretend nothing ever happened, wondering where he could find shelter for the night in the meantime. Better to prepare for the worst case scenario now, rather than be taken by surprise by-
Sherlock looked startled for a moment, but then a slow smile spread on his face. "Do we now?," he murmured, leaning ever so slightly closer. Just enough to make John feel a bit crowded and force him to put his mug down on the counter behind him for fear of it breaking or spilling tea everywhere in the not so distant future.
He and Sherlock hadn't made any plans but he was sure they would find something to occupy themselves, even if it was just another ridiculous conversation. They tended to have those all the time, a strange mix of bickering and general one-upmanship that kept them well entertained.
And underneath that, he wrote the completely unrelated letter that no one was ever supposed to read.
"This, coming from the man who never sleeps," Lestrade grumbled. "Fine, come along then. I think John's gone to the cafeteria for a cuppa. Let's wait in my office."
Now, though, after a week of being separated and only able to talk on the phone at night, the idea of it not happening didn't even arise. They simply got ready for bed together, brushing their teeth side by side, and walked into the bedroom hand in hand.
Yet he didn't seem to have any issue with that, or with being close to John. In fact, he did such a good job of being near John that all the other guests and the hotel staff were utterly convinced they were a couple and believed it wholeheartedly, despite the fact that neither of them had ever actually confirmed it or acted in an overly affectionate manner.
He thinks he should shuffle forward, just crawl into the bed and press his face into John's chest and
He waited until the scientist had backed off a step, then turned his attention back to John. "Come on, try and get up. You know how to crawl, this will hardly be different. Your body already knows how to move, all you have to do is listen to what this form is telling you."
John returned to the hospital after work, just to see how Sherlock was doing, and was pleased to find him awake.
He didn't have to wonder long. A moment later, John rose on his tiptoes and Sherlock found his mouth otherwise occupied with no room to spare for John's palm.
John's hand trailed down Sherlock's spine, mapping out his vertebrae one by one before dipping lower, his grasp getting firmer.
He realised his palms were sweaty. Worse, his hands were shaking. He could still feel an echo of John's coarse-but-soft fur, could feel his warm breath on his neck and the cold, damp press of his nose on his skin. The thought of losing his dog was painful. The thought of losing John was unbearable.
Sherlock nodded back. "Either way, I will never leave again, John. I'll always be right here, in Baker Street. And I'll always-"
“Shhh,” John said again, softly, continuing the lazy movement of his hand across Sherlock’s chest. “It’s all right. I’ve got you. It’s okay.”
"It wasn't like I had much of a choice. I could hear the trains rattling in and out of Baker Street Station."
With Mrs Hudson happy to talk about their wedding, perhaps he could get more information about that day, piece together what had happened without trying to get it out of Sherlock and risking another argument in the process if he lost his temper.
Then John's fingers got tangled in his hair again and pulled slightly and any higher thought flew right out of his head. A wanton noise filled the air and it took him an embarrassingly long moment to realise that it came from his own throat.
She takes a couple of steps towards the edge of the platform and peers into the tunnel to where the train car is lit by several heavy-duty floodlights. Two members of the bomb squad in their heavily padded suits can be seen inside the car through the windows.
"Hello, Watson," Sherlock said, waiting until she loosened her hold on him before letting go himself. "Look, I brought you someone."
Sherlock glared at the window, hoping against hope that his personal opinion could sway the weather. It couldn't.
John watched him freeze, his entire body tensing up as he narrowed his eyes at whoever was on the other end of the line. "No."
And before John got a chance to say or do anything, Sherlock turned, walked back to the entrance hall with large strides and disappeared from sight. A second later, the front door opened and closed rather loudly.
They were curled up in Sherlock's bed, quite clearly dressed and just as clearly sound asleep. She took in the way their limbs were intertwined, noticed the ring on Sherlock's left hand and her smile widened. Her poor dears, they had been through too much for any one person to cope with. She was glad they had at long last found each other.
Sally doesn't know what the status of John's (apparently hideous) facial hair has to do with anything, so she stays silent and waits. One thing she has learned from years of working with Sherlock: if a Holmes has a point, he will get there sooner rather than later.
"I believe our landlady is trying her best," Sherlock told her. "But she is a deer changeling and John is not. I do not know if that makes a difference. But I thought if he was friends with one member of your pack, he must know all of you as well. You are predatory changelings, you stand a better chance of knowing what to do."
She shook her head sadly. "From what I saw of them together, they had a rather unequal relationship. He worshiped the ground she walked on, but I don't think she felt nearly as strongly. It's a bloody shame. No good basis for a marriage, that is, if the people involved aren't equal fools for love."
His phone buzzed in his pocket and he pulled it out to glance at the screen. "Come on, then. It seems Lestrade has the info I asked him about. Let's go to the Yard and solve this case."
And always, always, when he thought John wasn't looking, the wary glances. As if Sherlock expected John to just jump him in the sitting room. Since John doesn't plan on doing any such thing, he doesn't.
It was a mystery and John knew he wouldn't find out anytime soon. More pressing concerns demanded all of his attention.
In a house containing John and an affectionate, non-dominant deer changeling, Sherlock had chosen John for his little experiment in touch. Mrs Hudson, John knew, would have given Sherlock all the hugs he could possibly ask for. But he hadn't. He had asked John.
Sherlock turned his head a little to judge the angle of the light shining through his bedroom window. "About eight."
"All right. Just let me get changed, yeah?" He saw the light in Sherlock's eyes and shook his head. "Into my pyjamas, not ... the other thing."
wants to. He says he does but I think he just wants to do it because he believes he should, not because he really wishes to. So I've been pushing back."
Sally pretends to ponder the question for a moment. "Only if you wear these along with it," she says and points to massive earmuffs with attached cat ears.
But when he searched for any emotion coming from Sherlock through their bond, there was not a smidgeon of fear to be found.
"He needs to be stopped as quickly as possible," Sherlock said simply. "I will alert my brother of the issue, though I'm sure he will already know. He can take certain steps to try and speed up the process. It's bad press for all Psy if Silence is seen to be ineffective against the very thing it was created to prevent. With the current instability in the Net, such news might cause further damage. If even a small part of the Net breaks down, we might lose hundreds of thousands of people in one go."
She gestures at the batch they pulled out of the oven half an hour ago and Sherlock does, giving an appreciative hum. "Perfect as always."
John and Sherlock stepped to the window and watched him walk down the street. He was halfway down the road when the Teleporter appeared beside him. They were both gone a moment later.
John knew he had never run so fast in his life. Cars screeched to a stop and he launched himself across the hood of a vehicle that didn't get out of the way fast enough for his taste. Brakes screeched behind him and fibreglass shrieked. But John was already gone, propelled onward by a feeling that was more than fear or rage or love, an urgency that seemed to have been locked inside his very soul, waiting for this day to come.
He looked genuinely sorry about it, too, which was even more worrying. Sherlock rarely allowed anyone to glimpse his emotions at all and for him to act like this, something must be terribly amiss. John only wished he knew what it was.
"When you suggested going on holiday over Christmas, this is not what I pictured," John complained, teeth chattering.
, John," he repeated, finally forcing himself to make eye contact. "You're already two days late for your honeymoon. Go home to your wife, forget all of this, and live the life you always wanted. The life you deserve."
"You've been suffering. Ever since I revoked your- your skin privileges, you've been getting worse. And you haven't shifted in almost a year, John, and I know that's not healthy. I wanted to make it better."
Fabric whispered against skin and John felt and heard the water slosh as Sherlock climbed into the tub with him. There was plenty of space for the two of them and John was gratified when he opened his eyes and found that Sherlock had chosen to sit almost directly next to him.
John wondered what the flat looked like to him. He hadn't changed it much. The furniture was the same, arranged the same way. He had put Sherlock's armchair into storage, unable to look at it every day. The only big change was that John now slept in the downstairs bedroom that had been Sherlock's, although he hadn't changed any furniture in there, either. The only room that had gotten a full makeover was his old bedroom, which had been extensively child-proofed and decorated specifically with Rosie in mind.
Sherlock shook his head. "Let's not draw attention to ourselves. They likely haven't heard of us and wouldn't believe our story. We can argue the lack of footprints leading from us to the goat but on one previous occasion it was burned down by people firing flaming arrows at it, so I'd recommend not to chance it."
Sherlock spoke right over him, a dangerous waver in his voice. "And then he said he wanted to be married to... to someone he ... he could love back."
"You're very calm," Sherlock said, not caring if it sounded accusing. He couldn't keep still and if he were to sit down now, he knew his leg would be jiggling and he knew how much John was annoyed by seeing that out of the corner of his eye.
He was sobbing now, reaching out and pulling John down into a crushing hug and John, his ear pressed to Sherlock's chest, listened to the wild beat of his heart and murmured soothing words and thought he had never been happier in his entire life.
John struggled out of his chair and made his way into the kitchen. Walking had gotten a lot more difficult in the time since he had sat down. He bumped into the edge of the table and muttered a quick "Sorry" before opening the fridge to see if they had any food.
God, had it really been four months? He caught himself drinking in the sight of Sherlock, still sat on the floor and apparently not yet ready to get up. The riotous tumble of his dark curls, the iridescent eyes, the cheekbones, sharp enough to cut. He had lost weight and there were dark rings under his eyes. Not sleeping or eating enough. Was that a stubble on his chin? John had only seen Sherlock unshaven once and that had been a deliberate choice for a case. This, though ... this looked like neglect. It sent an odd pang through him.
Finally, John’s voice pulled him out of his thoughts with a hesitant question. “You really would have let me marry her?”
Changelings used touch to communicate as much as words, perhaps even more so. And John, who was as taciturn when it came to voicing his emotions as any other British male Sherlock had ever met, used touch to give comfort in the only way he could.
"I want you to come home," John repeated. "Don't ... don't do this to us, Sherlock. Please. Don't hide away out here when we need you at home."
But, to be fair, that is hardly his fault. Sherlock has been behaving exactly as he always has, and that is precisely the problem.
He extracted himself from Mrs Hudson and promised to tell her everything in the morning, then followed Sherlock up the stairs.
The past two weeks. Sherlock looking like he hadn't slept at all, stressed out and manic, so desperate to make sure John's wedding day would be absolutely perfect.
"Well, it's true, isn't it? When I think about what my life would look like now if she hadn't been killed, I honestly can't quite explain to myself why I ever wanted that. Married to her, living in the suburbs, probably raising that child that wasn't mine without a clue in the world, all while you were still here, without me."
"So I did," John conceded. "And I'll keep going, now that I've finally got you used to a normal schedule."
Molly shrugged. "Most of them keep their distance. They know Psy don't wish to be touched and I prefer not to shout my differences from the rooftops. The council is turning a blind eye so long as I am useful and keep quiet, but I do not know if they will continue to do so if I draw too much attention to myself."
For some inexplicable reason, that made her smile. "I have never met a Psy who wanted to help anyone," she said.
His cheeks were flushed and hair tousled, his eyes bright. There was a smile on his face. John relaxed.
He was rambling now, stammering his way through a sentence that made just enough sense for John to get the gist of what Sherlock was so desperately trying to apologise for.
"But nothing," John tells him, dropping onto the sofa. "Absolutely nothing. I would have had an equally good time going to the Pub with Lestrade or Bill Murray."
Sherlock fell on top of him with a gasp and a moan, returning John's desperate, if rather uncoordinated, kiss for several glorious seconds before tearing his mouth away and pushing himself up on his arms.
"And hopefully no one will ever have to question it," Mrs Hudson chimed in. "Because as far as I'm concerned, I'd much rather have our John back in the body he belongs."
John blinked and found himself standing outside their home at 221b Baker Street. The Psy let go of Sherlock and moved back.
Instead, he had woken to the knowledge that Mary was dead and John was heartbroken. It wasn’t a trade-off Sherlock would have chosen. In his mind, it was quite obvious that the only person who should suffer was him.
Next to him, Lestrade shifted his weight from one foot to the other, clearly uncomfortable in this place. Perhaps the realisation that these kinds of facilities existed without the public knowing about it had upset him. Still, there was nothing to be done about that - Lestrade's presence today was necessary. The entire explanation of the case would go over much better and be accepted more easily by Barrymore if an actual Detective Inspector of Scotland Yard was present to verify the facts. Privately, Sherlock rolled his eyes. Bureaucracy. What an immense waste of time.
John hopped out of the car with a huff of relief. Three and a half hours in a car were simply three hours too much for his liking. It had left him with too much time to think and to worry.
Two pairs of eyes turned to him and took in his appearance with no little surprise. "Didn't know you were with that Baskerville lot," Garry said.
"Detailed plans have a much higher chance of failing," Sherlock told her. "Not having a solid plan leaves us with much more room to adapt to sudden changes in the situation and increases reaction times because no one has to disregard previously established plans first."
"Mated to one of the Sentinels from what I heard," Emily confirmed, nodding. "Two Psy mated into a leopard pack! And I heard rumours they're not the only ones."
It was a bad moment to realise that this, right here, was the most secure and at peace he had ever felt.
"A gift basket," John repeated tonelessly. "Do I want to know why? Oh, fuck it, of course I do. What did you do?"
John laughed a little, even as he felt tears sting his eyes. It was fine. It was dark and it was just Sherlock. He was allowed this.
"Let me guess," Sherlock said. "The easy way is me handing over the money and then being beaten up and the hard way is me being beaten up before you take my money?"
Sherlock gasped and squirmed under him, little whimpers escaping the further down John’s lips moved.
For several long seconds, the three changelings simply stared at him, taking him in. It was the woman who finally relaxed. "Sherlock Holmes. I thought the name sounded vaguely familiar." She turned to her two companions. "John mentioned him when we met in the pub a while back, remember?"
"You are a budding mystery writer suffering from writer's block and were desperate to get out of the city for a while and I tagged along because you didn't want to go alone and I couldn't refuse you when you asked," Sherlock informed him, talking a bit too fast in his hope that John wouldn't question this any further.
"You don't say," John muttered, feeling not the least bit sympathetic. After all, he was the one who constantly had to struggle to keep his eyes above Sherlock's waistline even when his trousers were not soaking wet and clinging to his body like a second skin.
"I take it you are seeing the advantages of this form?" Sherlock inquired mildly. "I shall have to remember to bring a ball next time so you have something to chase after."
John laughed. "It was rather filling, wasn't it? We tried to go slow and this one-" he jerked his thumb at Sherlock "-doesn't eat much unless you put a gun to his head, so we avoided the need for a wheelbarrow."
But does he truly understand? Does he know that every "I don't know" and every "Not yet" gives Sherlock hope, keeps him alive until he asks again? Does he realise that these few words are all that keep Sherlock safe from the maelstrom of sentiment that is threatening to drag him down at any given moment?
"Oh. Right." John shook his head. Of course it was and of course Lestrade would think that was what they were doing.
She arrives at work the next morning to find an e-mail in her inbox, apparently sent by Sherlock Holmes and thanking her for providing insight on a recent case for a private client - a warehouse owner.
"Come here," John murmured and Sherlock, still half convinced this was the best dream of his life, shuffled closer until they were pressed against each other.
When the door to their flat closed behind them and Sherlock picked up his violin to release some of his lingering frustration by abusing the strings mercilessly, John made himself a cuppa and settled into his armchair to think.
"Don't you have a case going on? Any case at all?" The pleading tone of John's voice was almost disturbing. John didn't like it when people got killed. Perhaps a nice robbery would cheer him up.
By the time his schedule returns to normal, Sherlock has solved several minor cases for private clients, closed some cold cases for the Yard and is in the midst of day two of denying Mycroft's request of attending some sort of charity event.
Sherlock huffed. "If you hadn't made me adhere to regular meals and a 'normal' sleep cycle, my transport wouldn't have insisted on making all these demands I don't have time for. Really, what is it with you and your obsession with me sleeping and eating regularly?"
They were very close all of a sudden, Sherlock looming above him with an expression of surprise and something else on his face that disappeared as quickly as it had come.
Sherlock heard and felt the mattress move as John shifted and a moment later his warm hands were back on Sherlock’s back, both of them this time, pressed to his shoulder blades. Blunt, warm fingers skimmed over the smaller scars there, an index finger pressing into the five burn scars down his spine, one after the other. One, two, three, four, five.
John listened to his progress down the stairs and his short exchange with the delivery boy ("Here's your foo-" - "Here's your money. Goodbye.") and the sound of the door slamming before Sherlock returned up the stairs.
Sherlock beamed at him and jumped up. "Give me five minutes. Oh, and your cheque is on the kitchen table, help yourself."
John shook his head and tried to stick his nose back between the cushions, growling in frustration at his inability to get what he wanted.
Despite his questions, he swung his legs out of bed and got up, idly scratching the back of his neck as he followed John out of his room and down the hall. John made a mental note of the sound of Sherlock trailing after him, feet shuffling thanks to his too-long pyjama trousers. He probably wouldn't tread on them if he bothered to pull the trousers a bit higher instead of wearing them low on his hips.
The goat was behind a two metre tall wooden fence and he had noticed various security cameras as well as no less than two patrolling guards. It was quite difficult not to notice them. He and Sherlock had approached from the far side of the heap of snow that had apparently been placed here by snow ploughs. Any available space in parks or unused parking lots had been taken over by piles and piles of snow. John supposed that was better than to leave it lying around in the streets. This amount of snow in London would have caused a complete and utter standstill of all traffic, including pedestrians.
Lestrade sighed and slumped onto the sofa. “You’ve made a lot of headway since yesterday,” he noted, gesturing feebly at the files.
And before they know it, the sentence is read and Mary is gone. There are extradition agreements and it quickly becomes clear that she won't be kept in the UK for long.
“Do not forget that you have been rather distracted recently,” Mycroft said. “But yes, she must have been.”
Sherlock wheeled around, the expression on his face suggesting his willingness to eviscerate anyone who dared disturb him. Somehow, he managed to indicate that this willingness went doubly where Mycroft was concerned just by the way he glared.
"One day," John said quietly, "I will have made it up to you. If you'll let me. I need you to know that you are my priority, too, even though I've been right shitty at showing it."
The days pass in an endless row of research. Sally spends so much time in the archives, the personnel there know her by name now. She takes the time to stop and chat with them every now and then, or to bring some leftover slices of cake from birthday celebrations within the team. In return, they don't only prioritise her requests without her ever asking them to, they also make suggestions of their own.
He also tried not to be angry about that. It wasn't Sherlock's fault that he couldn't remember. Well, actually, it was. If he hadn't been drunk out of his mind, he certainly wouldn't have any trouble remembering. But if he hadn't been drunk, then none of the things that had happened last night would have happened. So now John was angry at Sherlock for failing to react to something that shouldn't have happened in the first place. He was getting a headache just thinking about it.
John crouched down in front of him, both his hands now on Sherlock's knees to keep his balance. Sherlock couldn't
John shivered and reached for his hand. "I can't imagine you as an assassin," he said. "You'd have been very good, I have no doubt - you exceed at everything you put your mind to. But I would not want to see you come near any of these people."
Sherlock finished searching the bathroom and went back into the main room. He pulled open the closet doors and started inspecting the clothes arrayed on the hangers and piled in the drawers and on the shelves.
now. John, from his whiskers to the flicking tip of his tail, was no more human today than he had been at any other point in his life. He had made it seem so easy to look human, to act normal, to hide the predator prowling underneath his skin, he had even had Sherlock fooled, had made him forget about the lethal threat he lived with.
There was a short pause before Mycroft cleared his throat and spoke. "John, your condition is entirely untested, surely you can see that we-"
Sherlock shrugged. "It narrows down the suspect pool. We're looking for a rich male Psy. That immediately excludes all members of two of the races and half the members of the third race. The money isn't much of a help, I'm afraid."
He shifted ever so slightly, just enough to make Sherlock aware of John’s unmistakable erection pressed against his arse, a wordless reassurance that John was in the same boat as him.
The thought made Sherlock light up. "Yes! She'll be absolutely insufferable, I hope you know this. And she'll lose her mind when she realises it's just a renewal of vows and that we have in fact been married for quite some time. We had better keep an explanation ready for the inevitable barrage of questions."
She looks around the sitting room with her piles of boxes and the furniture standing around any which way. Yes, this could be quite nice, the longer she thinks about it.
John rolled his eyes. "You are hardly in a position to judge, Sherlock. You are biased in my favour."
“Perfect,” he said, rubbed his oily hands together and then carefully placed them on John’s shoulders. It hit him then that he had never seen so much of John’s skin exposed for longer than a glimpse and that he had certainly never had permission to touch it before.
John laughed. "You really, really don't. I'm sure some people will disagree with me but who gives a fuck about them? Your mum is going to be absolutely delighted if you show up in this."
He had never thought to question his fortune, mostly because he had thought he was somehow owed a bit of happiness.
"Do you know, I think I will rather miss having a dog around the house," Mrs Hudson said. "At least one as intelligent as you. We should take one last picture ... Now, where is my camera...? Oh yes, on the mantelpiece. Sherlock, come here!"
He wondered if perhaps Mrs Hudson had taken one look at Sherlock and instantly decided that he was someone worth looking after - a sentiment that he certainly understood and related to, though for slightly different reasons.
And, judging by the way Sherlock's transport was repeatedly betraying him, it was only a matter of time until he met someone who struck his fancy or at least caught his attention long enough for Sherlock to decide that perhaps scratching the itch would help make it go away.
Sherlock stares at him, feeling rather like he got doused by an unexpected bucket full of warm water. He's left dripping wet and mildly confused as to why.
“Was there a reason for this call or am I at liberty to flush my phone down the toilet now?” he asked instead of replying.
They thanked WhiteSpot again for their help in setting up the call, asked for secrecy regarding their mating and the entire call ever having happened, and hailed a cab back to their flat from the other side of the park.
Stay tuned for Part 2 of my Sally Donovan series for the S3 fix-it we all need and for several new medium to large Johnlock pieces coming to an Archive near you soon.
Sherlock shrugged. "A couple of cigarette buds. One of the kitchen staff comes out for regular smoking breaks. Nothing even remotely connected to our case, I'm afraid."
Finally, I have to thank Nalini Singh herself, although she will never read this, for the wonderful world she has built. I love love love playing in it.
"We can try, of course," Emily said slowly. "It will have to get approval from their alpha but I can definitely reach out to their pack healer for you. We healers have our own communication channels."
"Sherlock," John interrupted him, sighing. "It was a hypothetical question. God, I'm sick of all this."
The coffee machine beeps and Sally impatiently waits for the last precious drops to fall into her mug before picking it up and inhaling. "Surprisingly well, actually."
A shiver ran down his spine at the thought and he swallowed, torn between lust and terror as his mind provided him with a series of snapshots to go with the scenario: John's shocked face, John's soft lips on his, John's body pressed to his, John's fist colliding with his jaw.
He almost denied it, but then figured that in a way Sherlock was his. Best friend, flatmate, partner in crime-solving... whatever applied. Also, he realised he still had his hand resting on Sherlock's shoulder.
Sally shakes her head. "Not like this. It's like he's ... muted, somehow. He shows up, looks around, rattles off his deductions, and leaves. Doesn't insult anyone, doesn't get in anyone's face, doesn't badger Lestrade for more information or complain about the way we work. Nothing. He hasn't run off to hunt down a perp on his own since he came back."
"Listen, mate, we can do this the easy way or the hard way," Larry, who was clearly a fan of stereotypes and bad films, growled.
John snorted. “If you have proven anything in the twelve days I was a dog, it’s that you are perfectly capable of combining the two.”
John snorted at the idea. There was nothing about their friendship that could be so easily defined. It wasn't a case of Sherlock leading and him following. Quite often, Sherlock ended up depending on John, after all. They had more of a balance to their interactions. Then again, an alpha without a pack was nothing.
She spends an hour on the phone with her mother and another two with her younger sister, enjoying the knowledge that for once there is nothing for her to worry about. The most important case she's ever worked on is done with, she finally got caught up on all her paperwork, John Watson is back where he belongs and no one can possibly expect more of her.
." His mouth twisted downwards, a clear sign of disapproval for something as sentimental as a nickname - albeit a not very friendly one. "I may also be sending someone over with supplies. Expect Anthea tomorrow morning. She will have instructions not to enter the flat, so try not to kill her by accident. Good personnel is so hard to find these days."
His friend was completely unaware of his thoughts, ears perked and tongue lolling and his head swivelling from side to side to take in as much as he could. Sherlock wondered what the world looked and smelled and sounded like to him. He could only hope that John would be able to describe his experience once he was back in his human body.
John thinks about the video messages she recorded and thinks his wife may have seen more than he did. It occurs to him she has been encouraging this. He wonders what she saw that he missed. He wonders why she never once said anything and then he wonders what would have happened if she had and is glad she didn't.
John strengthened his grip on his shoulder. "Yes, I can see that you're getting smashed. I'd like to know why, though."
"All day long, actually," she corrects him. "Proper police work takes time, as you well know. We can't all read at the speed of light like some people."
"If you are so eager to watch several days worth of security footage, be my guest," he tells her. "I'll bring you a coffee every now and then."
Thus reminded of his duties, the waiter departed, hips swaying slightly more than necessary as he stole a glance back at Sherlock.
Wordlessly, Sherlock raised his glass and held up the napkin with his other hand. Scrawled along the edge was a series of numbers and the words
Yet here he was, a dog curled up in Sherlock's bed, and by now he couldn't even tell which of these two things he would have considered less likely if someone had asked him a fortnight ago.
The man Sherlock had identified as an investment banker (and John didn't bother asking how he knew, probably from the way his shoelaces were tied) appeared to be in his mid-thirties and not at all above subtly flashing his wealth for everyone to see, judging by the brand new Rolex gleaming on his wrist and the diamond cuff links. If he was aware of the blond twin sisters throwing not-so-subtle glances in his direction every couple of seconds, he didn't show it.
Sherlock shrugged, pretending to be very busy spreading strawberry jam on his croissant. "Haven't really been in the mood for cases recently. It's not the same."
The bathroom was cold and unwelcome after the furnace that was Sherlock. John went about his business as quickly as possible and then took two minutes to brush his teeth.
"It appears that your employer was on his way to consult me when he was murdered," Sherlock said, not bothering to waste any time on pleasantries. "I have since learned that he suspected someone within his company of fraud. Can you tell me anything about that?"
"It's, uh ... wow." He felt something warm slide down his throat and settle in his stomach, and for a moment wondered if he had absent-mindedly drunk a sip of tea. "This is really thoughtful of you, Sherlock. Thank you."
John stared at him. He had known that the Psy had some crazy shit going on, of course he had known. The PsyNet and the Silence Protocol were barely scratching the surface, that much he was aware of, but they had never really made a point of explaining to others what it was that they could do. He had met some M-Psy during his training. The M stood for Medic and he had known they could do things, had seen them do it, too: detecting cancer without using any machines or tests, healing fractured bones, performing deep-tissue scans with nothing but their minds.
“Sit down and have a cuppa,” she ordered afterwards, gesturing to a chair. “I know you can't make a cup to save your life.”
Without thinking, John reached out and placed one hand on Sherlock's, forcing his fingers to still. "Relax," he said, smiling gently. "I'll be there, too, remember? It's going to be absolutely fine."
John took a moment to respond because he suddenly found himself grappling with the realisation that 'home' and '221b' were no longer the same thing. Even worse, apparently Sherlock also had trouble with the idea, going by his slip-up just now.
John made a noise that sounded like a snort and headbutted Sherlock's arm in response. The vet simply looked horrified, which might be the cause of John's reaction.
"Why are you here?" he asked again, toneless, not letting himself feel anything at all as he waited.
"That's an interesting technique you've got there," Sherlock noted. "I can see how effective it would be against changeling minds. They're notoriously difficult to crack."
Sherlock talked right over him. "And, finally, the burning of the Yule Goat through vandals has definitely become a tradition in this city. Not only are we celebrating Christmas in one of the most Christmas-y locations on earth, we are also observing their own quaint traditions in the process."
"Henryk was merely trying to protect his wife," Sherlock said, shrugging. "I suppose out of the two of them he has never really cared for their money. Isn't that right, Henryk? It must have come as a shock to go from being so rich to barely scraping by but it wasn't all bad, was it? After all, you had your wife and you knew you just had to wait for your annual holiday in Scotland to roll around so you could come here and get the little treasure you had stuffed away for a rainy day."
Sherlock stared back at him, too overwhelmed by these simple words to pay attention to the things John had left unsaid.
He licked his lips, always a sign that he was uncomfortable but determined to plough onward. "But I hear you now. I hear you, Sherlock. And I love you, too."
"I could take a picture and show it to you," he suggested. "If you're having trouble seeing it yourself." He grinned. "Dog or no, there's nothing stopping you from being your own doctor after all."
He was clearly going to continue by telling them all about his own engagement, so Sherlock subtly nudged him with his elbow.
It took at least another half minute before Sherlock realised that he really could hear a crackling noise. This was facilitated by John breaking the kiss to pant against Sherlock's scarf-covered neck. "God."
There were so many things he didn't say and John felt each of them like a blow. He moved forward and reached out, grasping Sherlock's face in his hands and kissing him. "No more," he murmured. "I told you last night. No more pain. No more denying ourselves. It ends now. There's only going to be you and me against the rest of the world, just as you said. And everyone else can bugger off."
At this point, John really didn't care. He hopped off the bed and bounced on his paws, waiting for Sherlock to extract himself from the bed and get dressed.
John barely waited for him to pull open the front door before squeezing through the gap and trotting out onto the street, sniffing the air excitedly. Today, everything seemed much more bearable. He supposed that his mind had had enough time to adapt now, filtering the noise and scents down to a less overwhelming level that could be dealt with. It was still a bit much, though, and John longed for someplace a bit more quiet, so he strained towards Regent's Park. Sherlock followed without protesting and John quickly stopped straining against the lead and adapted his tempo so they walked side by side, as they were accustomed to.
“I don’t know,” he said honestly. “He’s gone to have a lie-down in my room but I’m not sure if he’s sleeping. I thought it best to simply let him be.”
“It’ll likely be some time until he gets around to that,” Sherlock murmured, wrapping his arms around John to stop him from moving away. “So I suggest we make the most of the wait.”
He paused, then decided that that probably wasn't enough. "I didn't mean for you to find out. I wasn't going to ... I couldn't ... I never would have ..."
"I might have an additional suggestion," John said, a glint in his eye that left no room for misunderstanding.
Something was brewing in the Net, that much was undeniable. There had been an unprecedented number of upsets in recent years. But change took time and, if he continued on his current path, time was not something he would have.
"So, a baby," Lestrade said as they found themselves in his office once more, this time joined by Sergeant Donovan.
John grinned. "A voucher for unlimited access to five crime scenes of your choice within the next year," he said. "Had to take Lestrade out for a pint or two to wheedle that out of him, but I thought you'd like that more than a new scarf or something equally normal."
"What the- John!" the landlady cried, sticking her head out of the kitchen to see who had come. "What is going on? Sherlock?"
When Holmes completely fails to insult anyone for the third time in a row, Sally decides to talk to Mrs Hudson.
A split second was all he got before Sherlock became aware of John's gaze and wiped the expression off his face.
There are interviews. Lots and lots of interviews. John and Sherlock both came along to the Yard, John furious in his disbelief and Sherlock mute. Sally can almost see the wheels turning in his head, sees the way he looks at Mary, reassesses, re-deduces. She sees the moment he finds whatever he was looking for, sees the flash of terror in his eyes, quickly hidden, as it clicks into place.
No changeling from another pack, certainly, and for obvious reasons no loner, and humans tended to be wary around changelings as well.
John opened his mouth to say that so did he, but thought better of it. Mrs Hudson was never going to agree to that, anyway.
She doesn't say that she had also wanted to spare Sherlock from having to watch John get married to someone else.
John ignored him and slid under the heavy covers, sighing happily as he got settled and sank into the pillow. "And no sneaking off tonight," he told Sherlock sternly. "You really do need to sleep, no matter how much you pretend otherwise."
John hummed and arched into the touch, nipping at the sensitive skin just under Sherlock's jaw in return. "I saw you handling that harpoon. Thought you were going to run someone straight through."
"See, you're already adapting to the situation!" Sherlock told him from where he stood waiting by the door, bouncing on the balls of his feet and looking very much like a dog ready for a walk himself.
Now, new window panes gleamed in the light and the plants were being displayed in what looked like a palace made of glass. The air was a bit cooler here, too, in the lower twenties, to accommodate the flowers growing here.
"Mh-hm," Sally hums, non-commital. She's not going to even think about the Anderson comment but she understands about Mycroft Holmes well enough. Despite her words to him during their last meeting, she herself would also rather not have to deal with him over Christmas.
It had been strangely liberating to talk to Lestrade, if only because Sherlock had needed a sympathetic ear. The DI was many things and a good listener was surprisingly high up on the list. It hadn't helped in any objectively measurable manner and it certainly hadn't changed anything about his situation, but Sherlock still felt a bit lighter. Perhaps there was something to this sharing lark after all.
"I wish we could get a do-over of that night," John sighed, pressing a kiss to the side of Sherlock's head. "We would both fare a lot better this time around, I think."
His hand shook. He knew exactly what must have happened after he had written this, drunk and alone and hurting. He could make a good guess as to how it had found its way to Sherlock. His own stupidity and fear had paved the way and they had both paid for his mistake.
“You’ve come a long way,” Lestrade noted, clapping him on the shoulder. “I wouldn’t have thought it but here we are. I’m almost proud of you.”
He supposed he should get up and move away, but he was just too damn comfortable right where he was. Lestrade would probably have a field day with their current position. As it was, he was basically catching them cuddling on the sofa. In broad daylight, no less! But if Sherlock wasn't bothered, why should John be? So he stayed put.
"No point in having them make a fuss," Sherlock said. "People get unreasonably upset about dogs in hospitals."
John chuckled, letting his gaze roam the people in question. The woman Sherlock had deduced as escaping her family was ignoring everyone else and focusing entirely on her plate. John noticed she was wearing a ring with a tiny rubber duck on it and found himself smiling - here was someone who didn't take herself too seriously. He rather suspected they might have interesting conversations if they ever managed to socialise with the other guests.
He swore he could feel Sherlock blush. "Well, there was only one of me and a whole group of soldiers."
The real problem, of course, was that if he had been wearing his watch when he had been taken to the hospital, he had also been wearing his ring.
“Don’t,” Sherlock said even as John realised what he had been about to say. “Don’t lie to yourself about this. Please.”
"I am afraid I must steal my brother away from you for a little while," Mycroft said, sounding genuinely sorry for once.
John nodded and kissed him again and Sherlock turned, managing to roll onto his back and drag John with him without separating their mouths even once.
Dinner was served in the great hall on the ground floor of the tower and allowed them their first opportunity to look at the other guests. To this purpose, Sherlock selected a table at the wall and sat with his back to said wall. John, unwilling to have his back to a room full of strangers, chose the chair diagonally across his friend. It meant their knees frequently brushed together as they sat, but personal space had always been a foreign term to Sherlock so John didn't think he would mind. If anything, he was probably pleased by the fact that the casual contact added to their cover story.
She nodded. “These things take time, I suppose. It was such a shock when it happened. Have the police found out anything yet?”
Sherlock shook his head, forcing back the headache he felt coming on. His TK was slowly returning and all his triggers were reactivating. Soon the dissonance would become unbearable, now that a direct link existed between him and John that was entirely based on sentiment.
Three days into the ordeal, Molly comes for a visit with her goddaughter. She tenses at the sight of Sherlock's coat on its usual hook. John belatedly remembers it has been months since these two last saw each other in person.
"By allowing prolonged physical contact, I will be going directly against the Protocol and the measures meant to keep it in place. I may suffer a migraine or brain haemorrhage as a result," Sherlock said blithely.
John did as he was told and tried not to shiver as Sherlock carefully ran the brush through the rough coat of fur on his back.
When John trudged down the stairs and shuffled into the kitchen the next morning, bleary-eyed and yawning, Sherlock was sitting at his microscope, wide awake and fully dressed. He had clearly been at it for some time already - whatever 'it' was today. John didn't quite want to know.
In the end, he had asked Molly to look after her for a couple of days. While he may have hoped he could convince Sherlock to come home immediately, deep down he had known it wasn't going to be that simple. Too much had happened and that blasted letter had destroyed all the trust between them.
Perhaps he should have reached out, should have made an effort to contact Sherlock, to talk to him, see what he was doing,
She turned when he entered and simply stared at him for a long moment before slowly putting down her equipment, taking off her gloves and walking over to him to pull him into a bone-crushing hug, all without saying a word.
To find out that it had been John all along made marginally more sense on an emotional and logical level, but was still almost incomprehensible in the context of John's story.
"It would have been his own damn fault," Sherlock said, impatiently shifting his hips to get some friction.
"No offense taken," he said cheerfully. "Must be hard to get a date with him not liking other men, though."
"Mary makes you happy," Sherlock said and there was a world of pain in his voice. "You can't have it both ways, John."
If he was aware that Sherlock was watching him out of the corner of his eye, he didn't let on, so Sherlock kept an eye on him even as he battled with himself.
"Mother was a rather renowned mathematician," he explained. "Still is, actually. She publishes articles in various journals when the mood strikes her and has published a book as well. This is one of her formulas."
They had briefly touched on Psy anatomy in his training - physically speaking they were the weakest of the three races but their psychic abilities and ruthless goal-oriented thinking made up for any physical shortcomings. Still, their bodies were slightly more breakable than even those of humans. In terms of physical resilience, changelings had the advantage.
"Sherlock?" Mycroft's tone suggested he had been trying and failing to get his attention and was growing concerned.
Thinking of ... John looked around and found the detective right next to him, a scowl on his face as he stared at the car as if it had personally offended him.
"Hm, we should borrow him again so at least one individual in our flat will listen to me," John shot back.
It all began on a rainy February morning, when John Watson and his fiancée, Mary, went to the registrar's office to file for a marriage licence. They had an appointment with a Mrs Humperdinck, who smiled and spoke in honey-syrupy tones as she greeted them and accepted their IDs and showed them which forms to fill in while she did a standard search for their names on her computer.
"I'm sorry to cut this lovely evening short, but I do believe I have to go to bed or I will fall asleep on this sofa and I'm not young enough for that kind of thing anymore."
The shot had reverberated through the room. It had made them all flinch but the silence that followed was worse.
"Mmh, that's what you'd like to think," Eliza Channing chimed in, smiling like a sphynx. To everyone's amusement, her husband's ears turned pink.
He barely waited for Sherlock to turn and face him before stepping forward and pulling him into a rough embrace.
"We've got a huge family get-together on Christmas Eve," Sally replies. "I know most of the UK does the whole presents and food thing on Christmas Day but in my family, we've always done it on Christmas Eve so we can have two full days to recover from the feast. What about you?"
John huffed at him and closed his eyes, letting Sherlock's breathing and the familiar thud of his heartbeat lull him to sleep.
He kissed him and kissed him and kissed him, until they both forgot what it was like not to be doing this, until they barely noticed the little breaks for the breath they needed.
"Her toy," Sherlock said, forcing himself not to react to how well John could still read him. "Where is it?"
"Ah, Hudders!" Sherlock struggles into an upright position, bleary eyes focusing on her. "What time's it?"
Because John is asleep, or perhaps dozing, snuggled into the pillow and covers, a patch of sunlight falling onto the bed and making his skin glow. He looks like an extension of a sunbeam himself and Sherlock is overcome with the urge to reach out to see if his fingers will pass right through him. He thinks they might. He thinks John looks ethereal.
think I am,” Sherlock said. “But there are two important factors standing in the way of this little theory. Firstly, I didn’t do it. Secondly, I had neither the opportunity nor the inclination to do it.”
He wanted to follow him and touch them, trace each muscle with his fingers and tongue, taste the soft skin between his shoulder blades and in the dip of his spine.
He made it through the first four paragraphs of the letter with barely a hitch, couldn't quite bring himself to stop reading, went back and re-read them right away, just to make sure they really said what they said.
Privately, John marvelled at himself. Two weeks ago, he wouldn't have even entertained the idea of setting foot in 221b and talking to Sherlock again. Now, he couldn't wait. It had been a couple of days since they had last seen each other and he felt them like an ache.
It was not as bad as he had feared, which was a definite plus, but he still didn't like the feel of it very much. It wasn't too tight, though, and he felt in no way restricted in his ability to breathe. A bit more confident thanks to that fact, he gave Sherlock a curt nod.
He was just refilling Sherlock's glass when the music stopped abruptly. "You still haven't answered my question."
"It's not the touch," Sherlock repeated. "That's it, isn't it? You don't use touch simply for the sake of contact. It's not the touch, it's what you express with it."
"Dr Watson," he said, looking like he was about to rise before thinking better of it. "I ... I wasn't sure you would come."
John blinked and tilted his head to the side, trying to figure out how best to go about getting inside. Theoretically, he knew a dog would jump onto the seat, but he wasn't sure if he could do that, not at all confident in his ability to handle this strange body well enough to avoid injury or landing in an undignified heap. He raised his left front paw to the floor of the car, followed by the other and pushed himself up, looking inside.
In lieu of a response, he merely held her tighter and allowed himself to press another kiss to her forehead. There, that would have to do.
"I'm already up this time, there's no need to lick my hand today," Sherlock said quickly, before John could get any ideas.
"Sorry, John, but I'm afraid you'll have to let them draw a little bit of blood," Sherlock muttered. "We do want them to check if their procedure will work on your entire body by first attempting it on some of your cells."
John actually managed to lift his eyebrows, or rather the place where his eyebrows would have resided on a human face.
He stopped short when he saw John standing in the bathroom, wearing a towel wrapped around his waist and nothing else.
Sherlock sniffed. "Don't be ridiculous, John. I merely didn't wish to bother you with the minor details. Of course, the number of minutes might still change depending on the conditions on the day, on whether or not everyone is on time and if the weather will allow for-"
They looked at each other and laughed like two school boys who had somehow gained access to a stash of sweets.
He therefore refused to comment and simply nudged Sherlock's hand with his nose, offering him the tennis ball.
Mrs Hudson nodded and patted his hand. "In that case, you better get him upstairs and settled in. I'm sure after all that excitement he will want to rest. Isn't that right, John?"
In fact, he felt mildly sick with anxiety over what was going to happen next, frantically trying to calculate how many minutes he had left with John and if he wanted more or less than that. He wasn't ready for another goodbye.
Sherlock paused in his work and looked up at him, that one errant curl falling across his forehead and making John's fingers itch with the need to brush it back. "Yesssss."
Lestrade looked awkward, which he never did when it was about the Work, so this was going to be a personal conversation. And Sherlock didn't even need a quarter of his IQ to figure out what it was going to be about.
Sherlock's hand stilled. "From your own room, too? Incredible." He chuckled. "And to think I thought you might not be able to hear me talk from up there."
John thought the Scrabble tiles may be one of the best ideas Sherlock had had all year. Now if only he knew what it was that he smelled at the Forsythe's house!
A large rock rose from the ground next to him and began to spin gently. "I'm a gradient 9.9 Telekinetic. I can get your cub down here safely, if you trust me enough to let me do it."
"I don't think you can," Sherlock said and there was a grin in his voice. "At least, not unless I let you."
The changelings exchanged a glance and then turned as one towards a distraught female who had to be held back by several of her peers to prevent her from climbing after the cub. The mother, no doubt.
Perhaps one day, he would learn how to love John out loud, to actually put it in words. Right now, he could already feel the beginnings of the dissonance setting in again as his TK reserves slowly recharged.
John realised that thinking about his fiancée wasn't working half as well as he had hoped, but he didn't quite know how to get out this loop he was in, not with Sherlock so close and his thoughts going in circles and Sherlock being right there and ...
“Hm?” Lestrade made distractedly. “Oh, cleared you. Yeah, yeah, you’re good. Solid alibis, the two of you, corroborated by myself, you lucky sods. But of course there’s always the idea that either one of you could have hired someone to do the deed.”
"God, you're gorgeous," John murmured, slowly dragging his eyes up and down Sherlock's body. For a brief moment, he had considered not staring at him but he might as well try not to breathe. How long had he been wanting to see Sherlock like this? How long had he watched this body move around the flat and fought the urge to just shove him against the nearest wall or down onto the sofa and kiss his way down that long neck?
"It's all because of you," Sherlock told him. "You made it all possible. You kept me alive and came to find me. You finished him off."
John's approach, though not recommended by experts, was to send Mary home with promises to sort this mess out immediately, jump into a cab and head to 221b Baker Street, a place he had technically promised himself not to set foot in anytime soon, and barge right through the door in a fury that would have been towering if only he had been half a foot taller.
Onward, then. He would compile a list of the most likely suspects, pester the Yard for information on the case and find out who was responsible.
Psychometric Telepathy might have been useful - creating a telepathic link to someone else by touching an object linked to them would certainly be useful when it came to finding murderers, but would also make the work incredibly dull. He much preferred following a clear line of clues to the solution to such tricks that could only be described as cheating.
But the anger and the helpless fury still lingered, as did the seemingly ever-present fear of someone bursting in, ready to snatch away all the good things in his life all over again.
"If she doesn't have a changeling pack to protect her, what's stopping the Council from having her rehabilitated?" John asked, surprised.
Sally stares and thinks about childhood influences and role models and about how, in the end, people either end up looking for a partner just like their parents or the precise opposite. It's not hard to guess which way Sherlock Holmes has gone. For the first time, the idea makes her sad for him.
"I do believe John has found our motive for at least one, if not both, of the murders," Sherlock announced.
He moaned again and felt John thicken impossibly more before spilling into his mouth, hot and bitter and undeniably
It felt decidedly odd to leave the house without John by his side. They had hardly parted since Baskerville. In fact, apart from the one time he had asked Donovan to take John to the park and the notable incident where John had decided to take Mrs Hudson for a walk, there had been not a single incident where they had gone anywhere without the other.
Returning to London was not quite as simple as leaving had been, though only from a logistical standpoint, of course. In all other respects, nothing had ever been simpler.
John took another sip from his mug. God, that stuff really was good. And potent. He wondered what on earth Sherlock had spiked it with but didn't feel like asking.
Although John had promised himself to remember every moment, the entire day seemed to consist of a series of snapshots in his mind's eye that evening.
Then two strong arms wrapped around him from behind and he felt John press his face into the dip between his shoulder blades, hot air puffing across Sherlock’s sensitive skin.
"Just a little accident on our walk this morning," Sherlock growled. "I'm contemplating the merits of finding the culprit and making them walk over shards of glass themselves to see how they like it. Barefoot, of course."
“God had nothing to do with this,” Sherlock said softly, curling his shoulders forward and ducking his head. “I’m quite certain that if such an entity exits, even it would be appalled.”
In the past four days, John had complimented him on his intelligence, his humour, his hair, his tea making skills and a dozen other things that Sherlock had all very carefully filed away in his Mind Palace.
In 1979, after ten long years of debate, the Psy Council implemented the Silence Protocol in a desperate bid to get a grip on the rising numbers of psychopathic serial killers among the Psy populace. In the following century, Psy children were taught to shun all emotion, to feel no hate, no fear, no love.
A fierce, wild rage bubbled in his chest at the idea of someone attempting to harm Sherlock. His claws pricked at his skin.
"I noticed." He couldn't have kept the bitterness out of his voice for the life of him. "You didn't even call me. Mycroft had to practically shout down the phone to tell me."
Taking one last, deep breath to calm himself, he finally took off his shoes and jacket and wandered down the hall to Sherlock's bedroom.
"The specimen needs to be studied carefully - we've never turned a human into an animal before. This requires twenty-four-hour observation and detailed notes as well as regular examinations and responsiveness evaluations."
He still remembered with perfect clarity the day John had asked - well, told - him to be Rosie's godfather, and how Sherlock had reluctantly agreed, trying so hard to act like he wasn't having an emotional meltdown on the inside. He had never been more humbled in his life. It had hurt, too, of course it had - knowing this was the only place in John's life he could have. He had tried to make his peace with that. But the utter shock and elation had won out.
John was almost ashamed of how relieved he felt at her easy acquiescence. Molly was always so accommodating, always willing and ready to help. He should find a better way to thank her than a half-muttered "Ta" at the end of the day.
"According to the child's mother, he didn't want to tell them," Lestrade said. "We haven't had a chance to talk to Mrs Forsythe yet."
It's early December and the weather has turned cold and miserable. Sally spends her days at work or curled up in her flat with Dante, reading books. And of course there are her weekly meetings with Molly and Mrs Hudson.
Sherlock shook his head. "Not yet. It will take at least one or two weeks for them to come up with an antiserum and then there will be a testing period to ensure it isn't harmful or has any undesired side effects. Until then, all we can do is wait and go on as we have."
And so John drank his cup of tea without any apparent issues. It tasted like tea, contained the correct amount of milk and no sugar, and was about as ordinary as a cup of tea could possibly be hoped to be.
This time, it was John who made the pitiful sound. Taking into account the notable lack of any protest whatsoever, Sherlock decided to take it as encouragement.
Admittedly, he wasn't Sherlock. He couldn't look at people and know everything about them in one glance. But he was John Watson, and the one thing John Watson excelled at was understanding Sherlock Holmes.
It was over now. It was well and truly over and there wasn't a thing he could do about it. It had been stupid to hope, to want, when he had known all along that John had already made his choice and sealed it with a ring.
She fought back a sob and John nudged her leg with his head, giving her his most soulful look and whining softly in commiseration.
Sherlock does return from St. Bart's well before dinner. At 5:30, they hear the front door bang open and shut and his quick steps on the stairs. Pipes start creaking after a couple of minutes and a while later comes a sound as if heavy furniture is being dragged around.
"Yes?" John asked, crossing his arms, fully aware of the way his biceps bulged at the gesture. He smirked in satisfaction when he caught Sherlock noticing the same. "Did you want something?"
"He will be," Sherlock told her, trying to sound as convincing as he could. Much as he liked John the dog, he wanted John the man back. "Come on, John, let's go for a walk."
John noticed Sherlock was distracted by the conversation and gave a vicious tug, wrenching his head to the left and putting some of his weight behind it. The branch slid from Sherlock's grasp and they both stumbled. John gave a muffled bark of triumph around the branch in his mouth. He wondered if he looked half as smug as he felt.
His whole body was trembling but John's hands were still on his shoulders and he focused on that, dropping his head so he wouldn't have to look at John. Too much.
"You'll have to let go eventually if you want me to throw it again," Sherlock told him, rolling his eyes at the apparent pointlessness of the exercise. John noticed his friend didn't for a moment relent his grip on his end of the stick, though. It occurred to John that perhaps Sherlock secretly enjoyed playing with him.
It felt like having an out-of-body experience. Logically, he knew it couldn't be happening, but a part of him remained insistent, observing the spectacle the two of them must make, propped against the door, hands clenched in each other's clothes as they kissed as if they had just invented it, all tongues and teeth and lips and a slightly mad struggle to fit them together in the best possible way.
Sherlock opened and closed his mouth for a few times but no words came out. Finally, he pressed his lips together in a tight line and John could see his chin wobble ever so slightly. The sight cut him to the core.
Instead, John pulled him out of his chair, turned him around and hugged him tight, pressing them together from head to toe, his fingers on Sherlock's lower back and the back of his neck.
"God, anything," John groaned and then almost sobbed as Sherlock bobbed his head again, letting his tongue swirl around the head of John's cock.
John thought he would be quite happy to chase after Sherlock himself, but had to concede that this might be a very short race indeed. He wondered if chasing a ball would be as exciting as plain running had been. Perhaps there was a way to test that theory?
John had to nip down the stairs to ask Mrs Hudson for some flour as an excuse to hug her, which he did for far longer than necessary, but he managed to keep from finding excuses to touch Sherlock. It was difficult and went against his entire nature. He tried to remind himself that he and Sherlock never used to touch before this experiment, either.
"Fine." His gaze caught on something on one of the nearby shelves. "And anyway, why don't you tell your tale of company policies and sanitariness to the cat over there?"
He lost track of time for a bit - it couldn't have been more than a couple of minutes because they were both still in the same position as they had been before, not counting their hands. Sherlock had discovered the joy of grasping at John's biceps and cupping his shoulder blade with his hand, cataloguing the flex of muscles and sinews beneath his fingers.
It had fallen from Sherlock's pocket at the Yard and the light had been too dim for John to make out any of the words.
And John's words still resonated in his mind. He could certainly sympathise with those. He, too, was afraid of living without John.
"Impressive," Sherlock said, sounding like he meant it. "And very interesting indeed. Your senses will most likely improve further as you continue to adapt to them. We will have to experiment on that, see how far your hearing range goes." Suddenly, he grinned. "This is fantastic! You can spy on Mycroft from all the way across the street!"
The warm feeling in his chest intensifies at the sound of his daughter's laughter. Sherlock has never been all that good with children but he seems to have a knack for Rosie.
"Is that what I did? Revoke your skin privileges?" The idea didn't sit right with him. John was special, he stood apart from the crowd. There should be something for Sherlock to distinguish him from everyone else. And ... well ... he liked John touching him. Which was of course why it was a spectacularly bad idea.
"I'll say. That is quite the tale. And you got all that from an overheard phone conversation and a pair of diamond earrings?"
He squeezed Sherlock's hand and looked him straight in the eyes. "I felt it too, you see? All of it. And I was ... frankly terrified you would find out, actually. It almost killed me when I thought you had died. And then there was Mary and it was a bit like clinging to the first bit of driftwood you see when you're drowning. It sort of escalated from there. She pushed, a lot. I guess that should have tipped me off, too. But even when you came back, I still ... I was so angry and so hurt ... and despite all that I still loved you more than her."
And it had been beyond his control, it truly had. Perhaps he could have stopped himself from shoving Sherlock to the floor but that was hardly fair. He had been entitled to his anger. Time and distance had allowed Sherlock to understand and accept that. After all, if John had tackled him to the floor to hug him from sheer joy, the result would have been the same. Of course there would be consequences to his leaving for two years, of pretending to be dead. He merely hadn’t expected them, or John’s fury. Or Mary.
And now John was right here, only inches away, with his hand on Sherlock's wrist and his fingers pressed to Sherlock's pulse, reading his heart's betrayal in the too-fast thrum of the blood rushing through his veins.
If John held him long enough, Sherlock suspected it might actually work. He felt overwhelmed. John was too close, too warm, too
"But to answer your question - yes, there is a point. It's that I am extremely tired of watching you be like this." She waves a hand to encompass everything about his current state. "And I'm not alone in that."
Soon after, Sherlock's parents leave. Sally watches them walk to the cab together and it suddenly strikes her why Mr Holmes seemed so familiar. He looks like John. It's the way he walks and the way he dresses - they could be sharing a closet - and, above all, it's the way he looks at his genius Holmes.
Now he really did feel restless. He felt ready to jump out of his own skin, wanted to hurl himself out of the bed and pace the room until all this manic energy subsided and he could think clearly once more.
Sherlock thought of John prowling towards him, of his eyes turning yellow, the pupils slitted. He thought of John snarling at Anderson. He thought of John touching him, of John's hot breath in his ear and on his neck and of John breathing in deep, clearly taking in Sherlock's scent.
"Back already?" Sherlock asked as John dropped the lead and then all but collapsed onto his dog bed by Sherlock's feet. "Did you have a good time walking out with Mrs Hudson?"
He was happily surprised when Sherlock started packing a messenger bag he must have unearthed from the half-forgotten stash in one of the kitchen cupboards.
"That's what I was thinking," John agreed. "Come on, Sherlock. I could really do with that cabin alone in the woods now."
Donovan, who had so far been listening quietly with a doubtful expression on her face, snorted. "Well, as long as we have such a detailed plan..."
They kiss like they always wanted to, like they always meant to, like they always knew they should have done so many times before. They kiss not like it is the only chance they will ever get but as if they will never ever stop, as if they are determined to make up for five years of waiting and longing and wondering and missed opportunities and lost chances all in one go.
Sherlock's thoughts seemed to go in a similar direction for his hands snuck beneath John's jumper just as John contemplated the merits of dropping the bundle of wet clothes so he might have both hands free.
"There, done with your back, now moving to your sides, so if you are feeling ticklish, please remember not to bite the hand that cleans you."
How did people deal with the loss of a friend? Surely that was what held John in its grip. His friend had died. They had been busy with more murders in the immediate aftermath but now there was nothing and John had thrown himself into his work.
Of course, this misunderstanding explained John's lack of anger or disgust. Just plain and simple curiosity. And that meant he hadn't meant to express an interest, because
"I'll pledge myself and all that I am to you, John, and I won't accept anything less in return," Sherlock murmured into his ear. "There will be no imbalances. We're done with those."
He took a sip of his pint. "Anyway, I have some human contacts overseas and we have a line of communication with some of the packs over there. DarkRiver and SnowDancer are massive, they have lots of people roaming at all times. Believe me, they know more about what happens in this world than most of us do."
John opened his mouth to reply but even as he did he realised he had no answer. "I don't know," he admitted. "I haven't heard from you in so long ... you just walked away from her. From us. How was I supposed to know you cared? I suppose I just didn't think you'd come."
Pursing his lips and resolutely turning his back on the door, John decided that enough was enough. He would wait until this case was solved and the murderer caught, and then he was going to pull Sherlock aside, maybe lock him in a room or tie him down on a chair, and make him talk.
Experience had taught John that bad things happened when he and Sherlock were apart. So far, he had been abducted and held at gunpoint, he had been abducted and strapped to a bomb, Sherlock had been abducted and almost made to swallow poison, Sherlock had been drugged by that terrible Adler woman while John was in another room ... He didn't want to have to add to the list.
Just as he had intended, his job title reminded Lestrade of what he was doing here. “Nah, thanks, still got my coffee. Anyway, John, about the case ...”
"We have hardly been out of each other's sight for longer than a couple of hours these past nine weeks," John noted. "Maybe some people won't think it's normal but I honestly can't stand the thought of being away from you for too long, either. Never have done. We have always been at our best when we were together."
John didn't know, didn't dare let himself think that what he had seen was a split second of longing, didn't allow himself to think like that. Because Sherlock had already made his stance clear on that subject and John was being an idiot right now.
"You're right," John said, shaking his head. "This doesn't make any sense. Why this one? Why this specific victim? Why not someone else?" He looked at Lestrade. "What do we know about him?"
He watched as his friend visibly relaxed and wondered just how Sherlock had expected him to react. Surely Sherlock hadn't thought he'd be angry? They had shared a flat for eighteen months, for god's sake! And it really wouldn't be the first time they ended up sharing a room during an out-of-town case. It had never been a problem before and now, a month before his wedding, John saw no reason to freak out about it.
Sherlock looked delighted. "See! Your motor skills are already improving as your brain adapts to its new tasks. I wish I could try it, too; we could time our reactions and see if it would take me similarly long to adapt or if I would manage it faster due to my superior mind."
John blinked and turned his head to survey the landscape, hoping that Sherlock wouldn't turn to look at him just now. It was rare to get such a genuine compliment from him and there was something about it that made John want to tell him all the reasons why he thought he couldn't be a good enough husband. But how on earth could he ever hope to explain to Sherlock that he feared he didn't love his future wife enough because he was too busy thinking about his best friend instead?
"No, that's what I thought," Sherlock sighed. "Except for the obvious, of course, and I really can't be bothered."
When John finally pulled back to breathe properly and opened his eyes, he found Sherlock staring back at him with a dazed expression, his hair a mess and lips red and swollen. John took one look at him, moaned and dove back down for another taste.
And now here they were, dancing, with John's hand on Sherlock's waist and Sherlock's hand on his shoulder and their other hands clasped and their feet moving along in time with the music.
"Uh ... there are a couple of cases I was hoping Sherlock could take a look at," Lestrade stammered. "But take your time."
Frowning, he picked it up and found a text from an unknown number. He opened it, fully expecting spam.
He padded downstairs on silent feet and wasn't at all surprised to find Sherlock in the sitting room, either already awake or - the more likely option - not having bothered with sleep at all.
John would be fine - Mycroft had people watching the flat 24/7 and Sherlock didn’t even care what his brother made of his flight. Mycroft wasn’t an idiot, he would figure it out if he hadn’t already.
A shiver ran down her back at his emotionless statement. Word travelled fast among changelings and they had all heard of rehabilitation at some point or another. The Psy Council was the bogeyman you warned your children about, except that this bogeyman was distressingly real.
And layered over all this was the clear, dry scent of something he could not quite define that he had found traces of in Mrs Forsythe's flat leading up to the victim's room.
"Dr. Watson," the older Holmes brother said in that tone he always used when Sherlock was being unnecessarily difficult and he was appealing to John's common sense.
He rocked his hips again and John groaned. "Except of course for any off-balance walking on our part," Sherlock added, smirking. "You better get up and have a shower now unless you want to embarrass yourself. I give it another five minutes before Mrs Hudson comes up the stairs to wake us and insist we need to start getting ready."
worried about that. It was why he had been so relieved that first night, when John had hastily shot down his half-hearted offer. The idea of only having John’s body and nothing else made him mildly sick. That wasn’t what he wanted. He’d rather have nothing than suffer through the knowledge that John saw him as nothing more than a convenient shag.
"Perhaps you need to have your nose examined," he said, crossing his arms and eyeing Tyson in mock challenge. "I happen to know someone who'd be only too happy to help you out."
would lose him. The idea was enough to give even a Psy nightmares, but it was nothing compared to the idea of John dying.
Sherlock blinked several times in quick succession but the pattern stayed. So did the solid arm he could feel slung around his waist, holding him close. There was a hand pressed to his back, five fingers forming perfect points of heat that radiated through the thin fabric of his shirt. His leg was slung over John's and his fingers were tangled in John's jumper, probably creasing the wool beyond repair.
Sherlock wants to shake him by the shoulders and shout but he makes sure his voice is calm when he replies. "When what?"
He watched as Sherlock frowned, probably combing his normally flawless memory for any hints of recollection.
They spent the rest of the night playing a children's clapping game to get Sherlock used to casual contact. Trying to deduce when John might try to clasp his hands next kept his mind engaged and John's quicker reflexes evened out the playing field enough to keep it interesting.
A case popped up a mere three days later. True to his promise, John agreed to tag along. He couldn't help but feel a small flutter of excitement and no small amount of nostalgia as he ducked under the tape.
His voice sounded husky, as if he had suffered a terrible cold. His vocal chords were clearly still adjusting.
Whatever he could possibly say, there was no way this would not turn into another argument, quite possibly including the sentences "You should have told me" and "It's none of your business" along with "It's just transport". He couldn't decide which of them was the worst option and didn't really want to find out.
Lestrade audibly clapped him on the back. "Well, there must have been a reason. Chin up, lad. Have you considered talking to John about it? He might have a better idea of what you could do."
Their first evening back home passed in a rather uneventful manner. Sherlock spent some time going through the box of things Mycroft had left behind, pulling out various items such as a food and water bowl, a large bag of dog pellets that John decided smelled surprisingly appealing, several tennis balls, some sort of plastic contraption called a ball launcher, apparently used to propel said balls as far as possible without tearing out one's arm in the process, and a large dog bed that Sherlock put in front of the fireplace between their chairs for appearances' sake.
Lestrade grins at her. "Right. Fine, if you're so eager to do this, go ahead. Never let it be said that I discouraged my Sergeant from taking the initiative."
"How do you like that, Johnny?" she asked. Instantly, all his attention was on her and the contraption she was holding.
"Quite well, thank you," the man replied, which was all the proof Sherlock seemed to need to know this Psy was not Silent.
It was just possible that Sherlock had gone a little pale at this but it was hard to tell. He looked as if he hadn't been outside in weeks.
He shifted his weight, a movement that could hardly escape John's notice this close to his legs, and John realized that the topic made his friend uncomfortable. Right. Moving on.
He lined the trays up neatly and followed her to another table and a smaller microscope she used during her autopsies.
They entered Regent's Park, crossed the bridge spanning the pond and made for the bandstand on the lawn.
John huffed and got up before Sherlock had a chance to wake up and feel embarrassed. There was no point making things awkward. He wasn't silly enough to ascribe any meaning to it. Morning wood happened, whether you wanted it to or not.
John turned and left and didn't allow himself to think about Sherlock's answer until he was safely back at his and Mary's flat.
Even as John thought it and opened his mouth to say something along the lines of “You don’t have to-”, Sherlock had already started undoing the buttons of his shirt, starting with the cuffs before working his way down his chest. John watched as more and more pale skin was revealed to his gaze and it occurred to him that perhaps this had not been the most sensible idea he had ever had.
"I love it," John corrected him. The jumper wasn't hideous at all, which said a lot about what kind of shop Sherlock must have visited. "I've got something for you as well but I had a hard time wrapping it."
He reached out, hands grasping Sherlock's waist and the back of his neck to pull him closer, all rational thought banished from his mind as his entire body came to life. It felt like a shot of adrenalin to a sluggish heart, like the first few lungfuls of air after almost drowning.
Her name was Molly, that much could be gathered from the few words the other Psy spoke to her, and John could not help but wonder how someone so shy and demure could possibly survive in the cold environment of Psy society. In John's opinion, she acted more like a non-predatory or submissive changeling might than other members of her emotionless race.
"If you say so. I'm taking a shower. Again. I think I've got dust in places even a medical man wouldn't expect."
Sherlock tilted his head at him. "Do you know, sometimes I think I don't give you enough credit, John."
All of this - the noise, the sensory input, the entire twisted experience of being in the wrong body - was too much. He kept his eyes fixed on Sherlock and his nose pressed to the man's thigh, using him as the only anchor that prevented him from being swept away by the rising tide of fear in his chest.
There was an odd tension between them as they walked back to the lift and rode up to the ground level. Mycroft swiped them through with his access card and they emerged into another hallway before they finally stepped outside. John felt a bit unsure on his feet but he was wearing camos and army boots and it was easy to find back into the rhythm of marching like a soldier.
Neither of them spoke and for endless minutes they just stayed as they were, clinging to each other the way they had always wanted to.
While Mrs Hudson and Mr Holmes have a chat and he offers to fix her dripping sink in the bathroom, Mrs Holmes turns her attention to Sally. If she hadn't already noticed the similarities, those bright, keen eyes would have given away her relation to Sherlock in an instant. It's a bit unnerving to see those half-familiar features arranged into an honestly pleasant expression.
John blinked. The sergeant had never been particularly friendly towards Sherlock but this behaviour was downright protective. Clearly something had shifted at some point.
went around the room and Sherlock wondered why this specific food item, out of all of them, managed to garner such a response.
"I don't know how, either," John interrupted him. "I don't know how to let you go any more than you do."
"Yes," Sherlock agreed. He didn't sound like that was a drawback. "No noise, no influx of information. Peace and quiet."
John shrugged. "I tried. But we just ended up arguing every time we got anywhere near the topic. And I honestly couldn't handle thinking about it. At first I thought it had been his idea and he'd just coerced me into it, but I quickly realised that was bullshit. He does many fucked up things but he wouldn't ever do that. And he was honestly horrified when I suggested it. He said it was my idea. Which doesn't make much sense, because why would I suggest getting married out of the blue?"
"John?" Sherlock's voice broke through his spinning thoughts and he blinked up at him to find Sherlock looking ... odd.
"Still awake, Mr Holmes! Very good! Now I'm just going to perform a quick check on you," she said cheerfully. "Do you think you can sit up? And perhaps your friend would like to wait outside?"
"She was no packmate of yours, no family member. Neither was her mate. Yet you are grieving for them. Their death hurts you. Why?"
Time moved in odd blobs and blurs for the rest of the day. One moment, John was in the sitting room for hours that felt like days, reading old case files. The next he was lying down in Sherlock’s bed, weary to the bone.
"He is very quiet," Mrs Hudson agrees. "I have to pester him to get him to talk to me at all and he barely touches his food."
Shoving the uncomfortable thought away, he sat up, pleased to notice that his transport seemed to be behaving this time. If he kept waking up hard and desperate, even John would eventually draw the correct conclusion and figure out that while Sherlock had no interest in bestiality, he could not claim the same about the person trapped within a beast's body. He would very much prefer if John did not ever find out.
He stepped closer and held out his hand. Sherlock looked at it for a bit as if he had never seen one before, then grasped it and allowed John to pull him up.
"Where?" Sherlock demanded, interrupting before their locked gazes could turn into a dangerous staring match.
“I highly doubt you’re anywhere near a toilet, or able to walk towards it at present,” Mycroft said, unbearably smug. “I merely wished to inform you that the Yard seems to have finished their deep-dive into your and John’s financial situation. I’m sure you will be happy to hear that they haven’t found a single thing that would suggest you and John have paid anyone off in order to facilitate the death of his bride, though it was not for lack of searching. They even looked into the money left to you by grandmother Valerie.”
"I hadn't expected you to grieve," Sherlock said. "I managed to simultaneously over- and underestimate your regard for me." He shrugged. "Judging sentiment has never been a strength of mine. You can't imagine what it was like to come back after two years of ... of this," he jerked his thumb over his shoulder to indicate his scars, "only to be met with your fury."
Breathing out slowly, Sherlock forced his body to relax. John had remained oblivious for so long, it was unlikely he would suddenly see the forest rather than all the trees Sherlock had so carelessly and accidentally planted in his direct line of vision. He would not allow himself another slip.
His entire being was alert and utterly relaxed at the same time and he turned his head a little, pleased to find that his nose did in fact end up right next to Sherlock's suprasternal notch.
Sherlock crossed his arms in front of his chest. "I could have informed her that I have every right to wear this and even have a marriage certificate that says so. You will notice that I didn't."
It was quite funny to see every head turn to Sherlock as he stepped out of the lift, and even funnier to see everyone's eyes move downwards to about dog-height before their expectation turned to badly concealed disappointment, quickly followed by surprise at the sight of John.
!," Sherlock exclaimed, whirling around and grabbing John's face in both hands. "Absolutely ingenious!"
He couldn't help himself - he reached out and grasped John's hand, marvelling at the feeling of soft warm skin beneath his fingertips as he brushed his thumb over the back of John's hand.
Another hot drop landed on his skin just beside the collar of his t-shirt. The tang of copper was agitating his cat, triggering memories of the war and far too much blood in the sand.
Several seconds ticked by in which Sherlock stared at him incredulously and John remembered who he was talking to.
“We were going to go and taste wedding cakes, remember? We have an appointment in an hour and you know how long it takes to get halfway across the city.”
Decision made, Sherlock strode over to them, just in time to hear Lestrade say: "I hope he's worth dying for, John."
Next to him, John gave a quiet sigh. For a moment, he had forgotten how close John was but the feeling of his hot breath on Sherlock's skin really didn't leave any room for error.
"It's all over the Net, too," Sherlock whispered, his gaze turned inward. "I've never seen it look like this. There are ... E-Psy, like Sasha Duncan. John, I wish you could see it. It's like a black, endless night full of stars and now some of them ... some of them just spread sparks, colourful sparks, all around them. It's ... John, it's beautiful."
"Hello, my darling girl," Sherlock murmured and John swallowed. That was the second time he had heard him call her that. He had never heard Sherlock use a term of endearment on anyone else, ever.
Sherlock nodded. "I started to but there hasn't been much progress yet. Several have a sub-skill in teleporting and are notoriously difficult to pin down and even those who can't teleport are hard to find. Psy adhere to regular schedules and all of them will have been at work, but most of the murders appear to have happened either during rush hour or lunch time, so there is no way of proving they weren't where they were supposed to be."
Sherlock looked like he was going to cry, which was more horrifying than Lestrade could easily put into words. "He... he said he wanted to be married to someone who loves him."
Thank you. You did say a good Best Man was key to a successful wedding. I simply decided to combine the two.
John had heard it all a thousand times before and now smiled to see Sherlock in his element, sniffing around the deserted crime scene in the middle of the night, his magnifying lens held at the ready as he examined this stone and that piece of dirt in the light of his torch. Every now and again, he would stop, stand straight and look around or pace backwards far enough until he could take in the entire building towering above them.
John glowered at him before reminding himself it wasn't Sherlock's fault and shook his head. "No. I was worried it would all go wrong at the last moment and the murderer would slip through our hands."
He tugged the shirt off his shoulders, threw it across the nearest chair and disappeared into the bathroom.
It hadn't been an easy couple of years for the Psy and the Council was on high alert. Sherlock wondered what they would do if they found yet another Psy who had broken Silence - and in the wrong direction, no less.
"He is the only person who doesn't look around in confusion at the sudden panic. He also doesn't drop his newspaper. Aware of the cameras, then, and unwilling to show his face."
Though he felt the sting of yet another rejection, unintentional as it might have been, he couldn't help but feel a pang of relief as well. This was already becoming increasingly difficult to deal with; the last thing he needed was a memory of breakfast in bed with John. A man could drown in his own mind with a smile on his face if this was the vision that pulled him under.
Sherlock shrugged. "Mrs Hudson keeps trying dog biscuit recipes and forcing them on him. At this rate, he'll grow fat before my parents arrive to take him back to their place."
With a flourish, he closed the map and threw it in the vague direction of the desks. "It makes me wonder why he didn't use his car or public transport or at least a cab."
He made tea and wasn't surprised at all to find that he still remembered how to make it for the two of them.
"You never let on." One of John's hands stroked down his side and Sherlock shivered, nerves sparking at the contact.
And while the archivists learn things about her, Sally gets to know them, too. She knows that Liza has two cats named Fish and Chips, that Malcolm dotes on his little twin sons and that gruff old Gideon has a sweet tooth and a soft spot for loners.
Luckily, neither was John, who still possessed the incredibly useful ability to fall asleep at the drop of a hat thanks to years of army training and further years spent living with Sherlock, who regarded sleep as something that mostly happened to other people while he was working on a case. Usually, he was reminded of the fact that John at least needed to sleep regularly when he did so on the desk or in his armchair, head tilted at an awkward angle and his body in a position not conductive to his back.
John pushed his empty plate away and looked around. "Well, it seems everyone else has already gone ahead, so we'd best follow their example. Where are we supposed to meet? The bar in the common room?"
He watched Sherlock walk ahead of him, looking like he always did, trying to determine if there was anything about his friend that suggested ... but no, that was stupid. John shook his head, feeling a bit like an idiot. Of course there would be no bright neon sign suddenly visible over Sherlock's head, proclaiming to all the world that he had any interest in John. It was silly to think so. It was silly to think there was any interest there.
He closed his eyes for a moment to banish the thought, and then firmly told himself to focus on the dance lesson.
There was a long moment’s silence. He glanced up. Molly was gaping at him. “And you didn’t think to mention that?”
"The victim is in his early thirties, probably some sort of computer engineer going by the state of his right palm. He lives somewhere in South London, most likely Lambeth, and has at least-"
"What, you didn't finish them?" Lestrade asked, raising both eyebrows at him. "Usually you stay up all night with evidence like this to go through."
"Well, what do you think I should do, then?" Sherlock demands. She knows he means to sound angry and annoyed with her but she can hear the hint of pleading beneath that. He honestly doesn't know, Lord help him.
"Mrs Hudson," the DI said. "She knows both you and John and would certainly want to talk to him if you claimed he was away for a prolonged time. You might consider telling her the truth."
Sherlock blinked and turned to regard the speaker. Two women stood nearby, their gazes going back and forth between him and John, who was just trotting back to him with the ball. A quick deduction told him they were business women on their morning jog before going to the office and that neither of them posed a threat. He didn't bother learning more.
He wanted to protest that it wasn't, but Sherlock had moved away from the bed and returned a moment later with a tray which he promptly deposited on John's legs.
Sherlock breathed it in deeply, wondering how much more John was able to smell. Perhaps he would ask him some other day. Not tonight, though.
John ate his breakfast, drank his tea and trudged back up the stairs to get changed and finally have that shave he needed.
John sighed and put on his own jacket. "I don't like this. Why on earth would we be meeting with a trained assassin?"
Slowly, he raised his gaze to meet John’s eyes and demonstratively licked his lips. “I’m starving.” Pause. “Are you done in the bathroom?”
He wasn't, of course, but there was no point in telling them. He hadn't been all right in three years and wasn't likely to get there anytime soon.
"Thank you," John murmured against his ear. "For coming when she needed you and for finding her and keeping her safe. For bringing her home."
He wondered what it was that made John look at him like this, but the thought was fleeting, there and gone again. He didn't really care so long as John would just keep looking at him like Sherlock was all he had ever wanted.
Sherlock handed her the money, grabbed the bag with his groceries, and marched towards the door, where the other employee was waiting to make sure he actually left. John smelled his annoyance, but didn't much care for it. It really was raining now and the idea of waiting in the downpour held absolutely no appeal to him.
He paused and took a breath. "And if the Psy Council has something to say about this ... let them come. I'd be happy to tear them to pieces on your behalf."
"Perhaps you should give it a try in a secure environment, then," Sherlock said. "We can frame it as an experiment."
"Two days ago," Sherlock supplied. "I cut off about half a centimetre. In fact-" He reached into his coat pocket and pulled out an evidence bag, "-I have the clippings here."
The next day found them standing at another crime scene in the early morning hours, surrounded by police and more witnesses than they knew what to do with. The victim had collapsed in the middle of Waterloo station during the early morning rush hour.
She wiped her eyes and blew her nose noisily. "William said you're the go-to-guy in times of emotional upheaval."
The only change John can make out is that when they go anywhere at all, Sherlock now asks "Are you ready to go?" rather than stopping after "Are you ready?". John wonders if he is doing it on purpose, if Sherlock is somehow saving it up. He wonders when he will ask again
The look of bliss on his face as John fed him a piece of the Black Forest gateau Mrs Hudson had baked for them.
Sherlock frowned down at the body. "That doesn't make any sense. Every Psy knows changeling shields are close to impenetrable. It would take a very strong Psy to shatter them, or perhaps a whole group all focused on that specific individual. A group would probably have been noticed. There aren't many Psy who use the Underground during rush hour. Too crowded, the risk of touch is too high."
He gravitated towards warm places, his eyes tracked anything that moved and as soon as he spent more than precisely three and a half minutes in any room without a specific task to complete, he started pacing.
He turned to John and John noted with something that was both panic and amusement how the DI's gaze dipped to his own, bare hand. "Did you know about this, John?"
John hadn't stayed much longer after Sherlock had repeated his position. His departure hadn't been a surprise and Sherlock consoled himself with the knowledge that they had at least had a late breakfast together and had managed an entire conversation and John hadn't started shouting more than once.
He didn't get to finish his sentence because Sherlock strode across the kitchen with five large steps, grasped John's face in both of his large hands and crushed his mouth to his.
Of course they didn't manage to fool any of the changelings they met but no changeling would ever consider ratting them out to the PsyCouncil - a mate was a mate and even your worst enemy would think twice before putting your mate at risk. There were things that simply weren't done.
He broke off, shaking his head, and turned his head to look at John. The rawness John himself felt was on his face, too. "Why?"
At about the same time, John realised he still had his hand pressed to Sherlock's chest and snatched it away with a muttered apology.
Sherlock snorted. "Fledgling home-grown terrorist. I've been watching him for three days, trying to figure out what the target is."
Some six hours later, Mrs Hudson, worried by the continued silence coming from upstairs, decided to bring her boys some breakfast. She rather hoped to find John still present in the flat, but was well aware that he might have left at some point in the night.
The thought, coupled with the memory of Sherlock's body pressed against his own, was almost enough on its own and it only took a couple of strokes for him to fall apart.
"Because he listed them," John said. "And because they are the only sensible explanation. It's a matter of convenience and he's using it now to make a point about how far we've grown apart. That's fair and he is right. I've been happier since we managed to resume our friendship. I'm happier when I get to work cases with him and talk shit and have terrible take-out." He grasped her hand. "But that's what friends are for and you'll have to accept that he is mine and this is what we do. It doesn't mean I want to build my whole life with him."
It happened sometimes, after months of peace, and he wished it wouldn't. He had certainly hoped it wouldn't happen now, while there was a case on and - more importantly - while John was a dog and ridiculously well-equipped to pick up on the state Sherlock was in.
He reached out and Sherlock was too slow to flinch away in time and then John's hand was covering his on the counter, his thumb rubbing across the back of it, and Sherlock couldn't do anything but stare.
Choosing the wide Broad Walk which represented the most direct route to the other end of the park, they set off, enjoying the quiet of having the park almost to themselves, except for some late joggers who didn't pay them any attention whatsoever.
"And we have all the time in the world," Mrs Hudson tells him sternly. "Out with it. And don't even think about lying or holding anything back. I can tell when you're fibbing."
He realised he was pacing in front of the bed and threw himself onto the mattress with a huff. Perhaps he could take a nap. Yes, that would be nice. A long nap without any stupid thoughts and no Sherlock to throw him any curve balls. He hadn't gotten much sleep last night, after all, what with all the sneaking around. And Sherlock probably wanted to sneak around tonight as well.
He held perfectly still as she unhooked the lead and remained by her side afterwards, though he he did roam a bit more whenever an interesting scent caught his attention.
“Shhh, Sherlock. It’s all right, it’s okay. I’m right here with you.” He let go of Sherlock’s forearm and moved his hand up to splay across Sherlock’s bare chest instead, rubbing gently. “It’s okay.”
been behaving oddly, hadn't he? Outing himself to John, barely scraping past a nervous breakdown after picking a fight with John out of the blue about him being ashamed if people thought he was gay. In fact, Sherlock had been having odd mood swings ever since his return, being in turns almost worryingly elated and unsettlingly distant and quiet.
John found himself with both hands on Sherlock's back, carefully inspecting the scars and looking for any signs of delayed infections. "I assume Mycroft had someone patch you up?"
The silence took on a worried edge and he could hear his brother taking a breath, most likely to ask all sorts of inane questions - or worse, answer them without bothering to ask. Best stop that before it started.
Tyson and Emily exchanged glances. "Well, I think you don't give yourself enough credit," Emily said. "You're not some bloodthirsty murderous beast, John. You never have been."
"You caught us." Arthur didn't sound the least bit embarrassed. "We were curious as to who would show up here at this hotel at such a time."
They pushed and pulled one another out of the bathroom and back to the bed, mouths not separating for even a moment until they collapsed onto the mattress, still warm from their residual body heat.
A month passes and they both relax incrementally, slowly finding back to their usual rhythm, until John can almost believe they are past his lapses in judgement, if it wasn't for the occasional wary look Sherlock still sends his way. If it wasn't for the extra half step Sherlock keeps between them sometimes, when he must think John is in more danger than usual of repeating his behaviour.
He redoubled his efforts, almost sobbing with the desperate need for release, for John, for all the things he had denied himself for so long and would never have, regardless of what was happening right at this moment.
Sherlock smiled into the curve of John's neck. "Maybe the Yarders will oblige us at some point, if quite by accident."
"Me neither," John murmured. "If someone killed you. I can't believe I failed you so thoroughly with Moriarty."
John stares at her, looking rather surprised. "I ... no. No, I haven't. Why would he think I want to leave?"
"Does ... does that mean we don't have to hide anymore?" John finally asked, finally starting to process the news.
John only listened with half an ear, too busy trying to figure out how dogs drank. He tried licking at the water but somehow that didn't work so well and it took him a while to figure out how to go about it. He had never paid much attention to how dogs did certain things, so he was surprised to find that he could curl his tongue backwards and form a kind of bowl with it to pour water into his mouth. Incredible.
Sherlock nodded. "That, and a murder. Really, Major, I just explained it all to you, weren't you listening?"
"You ... hmmm... haven't told me when you knew," he murmured against John's lips. "When did you realise?"
John heard the lock click and expectantly raised his head, waiting for Sherlock to push the door open.
John laughed softly. "We can worry about that fifteen or twenty years down the line, love. And in the meantime, I don't mind stealing as many moments with the two of you as I possibly can."
"Is he likely to be a threat?" Lyons asked, nodding at John. Clearly he wasn't used to dogs walking around without a lead and maybe a muzzle.
Now that he was no longer in a hurry, John stayed by his side and Sherlock shortened his strides to accommodate his limping friend.
Sherlock managed a vague hum in reply. Work was the last thing on his mind. "You can tell my brother he should consider a career as a full-time nanny," he muttered. "I hear he'd even get to keep his umbrella."
Sherlock swallowed, looking not the least bit reassured. Instead, he squirmed again, trying to wriggle his way out from underneath John. Which was precisely the wrong thing to do when one had a raging hard-on.
Perhaps this was another thing it would be best to ignore. That was all they seemed to be doing these days - ignoring the issue and pretending everything was as it should be. The longer it went on, the surer John was that something was most decidedly wrong. If only he could put his finger on what the hell it was.
"I've got her," he said, rather unnecessarily, and managed to pass her on to John. It took some effort to make himself let go but John was actually crying as he took his daughter into his arms and Sherlock would have rather hacked off his own hands than let John suffer for a moment longer.
Sherlock felt no small pang of satisfaction at having been correct in his deduction. The feeling increased when John nudged his hand in silent appreciation. He scratched his friend's ear in response.
"I think I caught some of that," John murmured. "He must have been furious. But he said you had attacked him, too. What did you do?"
Finally, as John was starting to get tired and just as a light rain started falling, a very familiar black car came around the corner and pulled up at the curb right where they stood. The door was pushed open from the inside and John hastened to grab it with a muttered "Oh thank heaven". Anthea glowered at him as he peered inside, waving at her.
"How do you even end up unconscious under a bonfire?" Hennings asks, shaking her head. "How high do you have to be to think a pile of firewood would be a great place to crawl under for a nap?"
But instead he was here and the English landscape whizzed past the window. He couldn’t imagine being anywhere else. It astonished him that he had ever thought marrying Mary (or anyone else, for that matter) was a good idea, that it could make him happy. When he tried to find the logic behind it now, he came up empty.
John blinked. "Oh ... thanks Greg. That's ... that's quite nice, actually. I admit I completely forgot about all that."
"Yes," John said, not even having to think about it. "Yes of course. It will be good for her to see the country and I'm sure we'll enjoy getting out of the city every now and then for something that isn't a murder. You can teach her French."
He went to grab two slices of toast and returned to their table, where Sherlock was already buttering his toast with the air of someone performing a hateful task under duress, like a student doing his homework.
And while Sherlock was itching to pet Johnny until his fingers fell off, he knew that John would not be very happy with such an endeavour. It just wasn't done. The mere idea of a belly rub became incredibly awkward the moment he mentally replaced the canine form with the human one.
"And you shall have all three of them," Mycroft promised. "And the change of clothes you requested. Sherlock, you are uncommonly silent."
There was no reply when he knocked, but he hadn't expected one. Slowly, he pushed the door open and then stayed standing there for a bit, staring at the figure on the bed as his heart squeezed painfully in his chest.
But John, thankfully, had turned his attention back to Sherlock’s back. His fingers once again traced the scars there, following the long lines of the whip lashes.
"She's an anchor," Haley, one of his packmates and provider of that particular titbit of information, replied.
For a moment, Sherlock was sorely tempted to let it ring, but the anxiety churning low in his gut wouldn't let him. He lifted the phone to his ear. "Yes? Did you get him?"
It had only been when he had found himself unable to summon a piece of paper from across the street that pure horror had shocked him out of his state of depression and despair. And then Mycroft had been there and there was rehab and careful reconditioning and now Sherlock made a wide berth around the Jax users he saw in London's underbelly.
"All I wanted was to come home to you," he admitted softly. "It was all I thought about for those two years. And then I did and saw you in that restaurant and I knew what was about to happen."
"I'd better invest in a hearing aid then, or maybe ask Mycroft to bug the flat for me so I can hear you talking while I'm a twenty-minute ride on the tube away from home. I'm sure old Mrs Jenkins would just love to hear you talking about chopped up bodies the police dragged out of the Thames while I'm examining her."
Maybe in a week or so, he would already be back at 221b, where he belonged. If he was really lucky, luckier than he deserved to be, Sherlock would have read his letter and not run for the hills. Perhaps he might even have ... some sort of interest in return. It seemed unlikely. Friendship? Yes, certainly. John would have bet his life on that. Had done, in fact. But Sherlock, always so cool and controlled, was hard to read at the best of times and had never given any indication that he wanted anything else. And, well, even if he had, John had rather shot himself in the foot with his denials in the early years of their friendship, hadn't he?
After the experience of Sherlock Holmes in the flesh and his subsequent online research, John supposed he should have been ready for anything, but there was nothing to prepare him for the fact that the landlady of the flat they were inspecting was an elderly deer changeling. Even more surprisingly, Sherlock greeted her with a gesture that hinted at a hug and a kiss to the cheek. There was no actual contact, of course, but the suggestion was there.
"You don't say," Sally snaps. "Abducting the people he works with, obsessively following him around and asking questions about him without bothering to talk to him in person? I can't imagine why he doesn't particularly enjoy your company."
The big hand of the huge old grandfather clock quivered slightly as it settled into place. Another minute gone.
"Well, you had better get going then," Sherlock said, turning towards the door. "Text when you get home?"
What he really wanted was for her to excuse herself again and leave, but of course that didn't happen. With a small smile and an "Oh well, if you're sure", Mary accepted the chopsticks and sat down at the table with them.
“You’re making this up,” John accused him, giggling. “There’s no way he’s got a sarcophagus in his cellar. They weigh tons!”
"Everything all right?" he asked as soon as they had closed the curtains and locked the doors for their now usual evening activity.
Every single thing Sherlock had feared had been turned on its head and left him with nothing but a level of happiness that wouldn't abate, even after a month of slowly getting used to this new reality.
After a moment, John turned around to face him and Sherlock dropped his hand, somehow sure that letting it trail across John's chest would have an entirely different meaning. He rather suspected it might be more intimate than was allowed. Of course, if you chose to be fastidious about it, he was not allowed any of this. Considering how excited the changeling population seemed about the mating of two Psy women to members of one of the strongest packs in America, Sherlock suspected that the Council would not much like the thought of a Psy-changeling flat-share such as his and John's. Clearly prolonged exposure to changelings was dangerous.
“Relax,” Sherlock said, just loud enough for John to hear him. “I won’t model these for you.” He paused. “Not here.”
His paws ate up the rough London asphalt and tiled side walks in large strides and the night air whipped through his fur, cool and refreshing - the perfect balm for the strain he put on his lungs. He could run like this for hours, he knew. He just hoped he wouldn't have to.
Perhaps he has guessed that much or perhaps it just occurred to him that he has been spared this experience, too. Either way, he looks at her and his expression is entirely earnest in a way she has never seen directed at her - not coming from him.
"Well, that one clearly failed," Sherlock pointed out, raising an eyebrow at him. "If I recall correctly, I had to dream about shagging you while you were right next to me before you caught on."
"Stay a while," John heard himself say to Sherlock while his daughter was distracted. "I want her to have some memories of you that aren't tinged with trauma. We can talk later, after I've put her to bed."
"But you would have said the same thing if someone had suggested he faked his death for two years," Mary said softly. "Maybe you don't know him as well as you would like to think you do."
"The wedding," Sherlock said, hoping John would take it as his picking an answer out of the list John had presented him with rather than an answer to the last option.
"... and I'm going to take some of the older juveniles out running over the weekend, give them a bit of an exercise, let them explore the forest. You could come, if you like. Bet the youngsters would love comparing themselves to a cat."
“I’m sorry, mate,” Lestrade said, hunching down next to them. “Listen, you two stay right here for as long as you need and I’ll just sit here next to you so I can tell the officers over there that you didn’t try to make your stories match up, all right?”
Lestrade shrugged. "John, not to step in it or anything, mate, but you don't tend to react well to surprises. And you've always hated it when people brought up your relationship with Sherlock. Or assumed there was one."
Sherlock took a tremulous breath and for a moment John thought he was going to speak but he stayed silent. He was listening, though, and that was enough.
He paused again. “Okay, I’ll just come right out and ask and I want you to know I really am sorry, all right?”
"First thing tomorrow," Sherlock said. "It's a long drive, the sooner we leave, the better. I will leave a message with Mr Hendriksen so the police will know where they can reach me."
He fumbled behind himself to lock the door, then shed his filthy clothes and proceeded to take his second shower of the day. His hands were still shaking just a little, despite his having spent a good half an hour poking around the attic as he waited for the last aftershocks to pass and for his heart rate to return to normal. Fat lot of good that had done, considering that he had returned to find John lying on the bed in their room. At least he had been fully dressed, thus stopping Sherlock from accidentally concluding his friend had been waiting for him to pick up where they had left off outside the kitchen.
Lunch went precisely the way John had expected it to. Sherlock grudgingly ate one scone and the look he gave Harold was enough to discourage the waiter from even attempting to speak to him beyond taking his order of a glass of water. John gave him an apologetic shrug before concentrating on his own meal.
Sherlock nodded. "All right. Let's arrange a date and tell Lestrade and so on. My parents will be delighted."
There was no ring. There was no sign of there ever having been a ring, either. Granted, after two days there would be no noticeable discolouration, but there would be other signs, perhaps a slight reddening from twisting it around and around as John got used to the weight around his finger.
He turned his head just enough to be able to reach Sherlock's throat and press a lingering kiss to the soft skin there, pressing his leg just a bit harder against Sherlock's pelvis. "Unless you've changed your mind about waiting?"
“It does,” Sherlock admitted. “Not that I have any business being relieved. I never wanted her to die. I never wanted anything at all to happen to her. I thought it would devastate him. And now something has happened and she is dead and he is ...” He trailed off and waved his hand vaguely, unable to express what it was that John was at the moment.
Sherlock tilted his head. "It has come to my attention that your statements and assumptions resulting from your thinking patterns frequently lead my mind to new avenues of enquiry I had not previously entertained. My own thinking could become more efficient if I found a way to completely forego your input and arrive at these same conclusions on my own."
Mrs Hudson sits across from her, the usual plate of biscuits on the table between them. Neither of them reaches for one.
Nothing was on fire, but John noticed Sherlock's gaze flick to him for a split-second before flitting away again. He made a mental note to watch out for how often Sherlock did that and privately wondered if the reason their eyes met and held so often was because they caught each other checking if the other was still there without realising it.
He looked up at her. “I think that’s clear enough already, don’t you? I wasn’t exactly circumspect. I basically told him it was just him for me. And now he has decided to just ignore the elephant in the room. He can’t possibly be clueless, not after all that. So I have to assume my feelings aren’t welcome and he has decided to simply not say anything to avoid things getting awkward.”
John thought he should probably have changed into something more comfortable as well, but he was too lazy to get up now.
John twitched an ear at him but did not otherwise react. There was nothing to say. Sherlock was right - he did not want to become a guinea pig and the idea of being poked and prodded by the very same people responsible for all of this was utterly abhorrent.
have a dog?" Donovan demanded rudely, marching towards them. "Did John get fed up and found you substitute?"
"Yes. She's too valuable and so far she has not shown any signs of wishing people to know she is not Silent. The Council doesn't see her as a threat."
