“Hello Dean,” Cas says. His eyes crinkle at the corners as he smiles and Dean is helpless not to kiss the lines. He lingers against Cas’ face, breathing in the warm scent of his skin, noses gently into the curl of dark hair behind his ear. Cas’ fingers clench slightly in Dean’s shirt in response, sparking a flare of honey-gold heat that settles glowing in the base of Dean’s spine.
“About a week,” he replies. “It really hit you on Wednesday though, that’s when you stopped talking to me. It’s Saturday night now.”
sympathy,” he warns, but he’s laughing even as Dean staggers a little under his weight and dumps him unceremoniously on the mattress.
Between them they find a couple of good contenders, then Dean heads for the changing rooms. They’re pretty spacious so he tugs Cas in with him, leaving the assistant pouting behind the counter. He’s not getting a discount out of her any more, but he figures it’s a fake credit card anyway, so where’s the harm?
Dean’s hands taste like sugar and syrup. The waffles can’t compare.
Castiel just nods and hurries past her into the kitchen. His stomach is still clenching, the feeling of Naomi’s eyes on the back of his neck cranking his anxiety up another notch, so he opts to make some plain toast, for safety’s sake. To his relief, Naomi reads a paper while he eats, so he’s spared the pressure of her gaze long enough to force the food down. He hasn’t quite finished when Naomi flips the paper shut and stands.
Dean snorts. “Sure, if you
“Cas, I-“ he groans into the floor, “I- puke. Gonna-“
“C’mon, shower.”
them. How the hell is he meant to help when he doesn’t have the first idea who his partner is, where they are, what’s happening to hurt them?
“Don’t say that.” Dean hunches forward. “Not after asking me- making me talk about – don’t
Then he’s gone, pushing up away from Cas’ lips and back onto his heels. Cas makes a protesting sound that can only be classified as a whimper, jerks up onto his elbows. Dean pushes him back down with one hand, hooks his fingers into Cas’ waistband and pops his jeans button with his thumb. The way Cas’ eyes immediately zero in on Dean’s fingers and his breath hitches sends a tingle right up Dean’s arms and overrides any intention he had to draw this out. Instead he gets Cas’ zip down and yanks his jeans and boxers off in one swift movement. It’s only when he’s pulling them over Cas’ feet that he realises Cas still has his socks on.
Sam drops his encircling arm, but he keeps his hold on Dean’s forearm. His fingers have latched so tight Dean wonders with grim humour if they’ll bruise. And wouldn’t that be the worst kind of irony, for Sam to leave bruises in the wake of his attempt to soothe Dean’s scars.
Cas shakes his head a little. It’s so hard to focus. Dean sounds unbalanced, fragile, but Cas’ sluggish brain can’t follow its own thoughts enough to work out why that matters. He drags his gaze back to Dean’s face.
Information. That’s how he always deals with situations he doesn’t understand. He needs information.
Dean pulls his phone out and pulls up the case notes again, just to keep his memory sharp.
“Of course.”
“Hello Dean,” Castiel smiles, savouring the first time he can speak his soulmate’s name aloud. “I’m Castiel. Novak, if you want to do full introductions.”
As he’s passing the corner shop by the park, his bond stirs. It’s been muted since about five am, as has his mark, the colours dull and his soulmate’s emotions still there but muffled like a record playing in a distant room. He could follow the shape of them but not discern their real meaning. Now, with a sensation curiously close to yawning and stretching himself awake, the feelings come back into focus. Castiel glances down, slips his sleeve up quickly, and happiness washes through him at the sight of his mark blooming back into vibrant colour.
The guy gapes at him for moment, rebellion warring with fear in his eyes. Dean just watches him. Finally something snaps and the guy turns and runs. Dean watches him till he rounds a distant corner and is properly gone. He doesn’t
Cas grabs onto him again, steadies Dean’s sagging frame against his own. He gets him down on the floor, back against the tiles and legs splayed out over the linoleum without incident, but as soon as he pulls at Dean’s jacket, twitching it away from his bloodied side, Dean flails and collapses sideways.
When he finally does find his voice it’s a small thing, fragile in the quiet between them.
“Then why? What the hell was the problem?”
He gestures and Meg glances down. There’s four mugs on the table, three black coffees and, over by the empty chair, a partly drunk white one with a slew of scattered sugar packets next to it. Before she can move, Cas leans forward and slides one of the full mugs towards her.
What Castiel is entirely unprepared for is for it to happen again.
His eyes are green.
They end up at a roadhouse diner, loud and warm, the kind of place Meg’s never quite felt at home. Here though, Bobby herds them into a booth, orders drinks and snacks, amusedly listens to Dean’s overexcited motormouth conversation, all of it with a paternal air that puts her instantly at ease.
Cas flicks his eyes over, tilts his head.
“I’m gonna drive past the graveyard one last time.” Dean hauls himself up from the bed and snags baby’s keys. “Make sure it’s all quiet.”
Dean watches him, chest tight with an emotion he’s not sure how to name.
As the river comes into view, for the first time it occurs to Castiel to wonder if his soulmate’s being pulled like this too. If they’re opposite poles orienting towards each other and drawing each other in. The thought sparks a strange mix of joy and apprehension that lodges and throbs in the centre of his chest. That’s everything he’s been longing for ever since he can remember, but now it might actually be happening he’s so nervous his hands are shaking.
Sam suddenly sucks in a harsh breath, grasps at Dean’s shirt again. His eyes are wide and wet, and words pour out of him in a frantic rush.
Castiel nods, pleased. “All right, well I just need to tell my sister where I’ve gone.”
Dean blinks his eyes open once, sees Meg and Balthazar in the doorway and immediately closes them again. He pulls Cas back down onto the pillows and buries his face into Cas’ neck. He doesn’t say anything out loud, but Meg does think she catches a whisper of
with?
As if reading his mind, Cas burrows his head into the hollow of Dean’s neck, octopuses all his limbs around him and kisses Dean sleepily under his ear. “Dean,” he whispers into Dean’s skin. Just that. Just his name.
scared anywhere visible - not against monsters, not against
But what Cas gives him
Cas is fidgeting in the passenger seat. His fingers tap against his knee, eyes flicker from the road ahead, to his fingers, to the radio blasting Metallica, to Dean, to the side window, to the road again.
he finishes, and signs off with his name. Another of Naomi’s quirks, she insists on perfect grammar even over text, though at least now the strict formality gives Castiel a shield to protect his lies behind.
And this time it’s also deliberate. Intentional.
“Yes.” Cas swipes open his phone to show Dean himself silhouetted against the hazy colours of the water. It
He briefly debates mentioning it, but quickly pushes the thought aside. If he did Dean might stop and he finds to his surprise that he rather likes it. He’s never had a nickname before, but he likes how
And there’s his mark. Castiel’s mark. On Dean.
Grinning, Dean strips Cas’ socks off. He keeps hold of Cas’ left foot, bends down to run his tongue up the fine arch of it, looks up at Cas’ face through his eyelashes. Cas’ toes curl and his eyes darken, so Dean does it again, ending with a kiss planted firmly on the jut of Cas’ ankle.
Sam clears his throat, kicks Dean in the shin. Dean looks up, frowning, to Sam staring pointedly at the gap between Dean and Cas.
Dean half chokes on his own beer, squints at Sam over the top of his bottle.
The priest, Marv, is a relation of theirs, their parents’ cousin or perhaps second cousin, Castiel always forgets, so he greets Naomi at the door with a kiss to the cheek, pulls Castiel into a slightly clammy embrace. Castiel holds his breath through it. The man always smells faintly of stale sweat and greasy fast food, and in his wound-tight state it’s not something Castiel wants to subject his unsettled stomach to.
me to trip on a loose lace and get eaten by the next monster we chase.”
Dean barely glances up from half inhaling his coffee. “You’d stretch it.” He says.
Cas wraps his leg around Dean, pulls him deeper. Grabs him by the jaw and kisses him ferociously.
High school doesn’t exactly help matters. As early as freshman year the hallways vibrate with whispers and giggles, gaggles of girls comparing marks and sneaking peeks of the sports teams practising shirtless on hot days. Most of the guys try to play it cool, put up a macho façade of disinterest, but even the toughest of the self-identified
Cas has said Dean’s name in innumerable ways over the years. Commanding, back when Cas was
Looking at Dean, standing there with his hands clenched around his elbows and his head ducked down, it’s all Castiel can do not to reach out and pull him into a fiercely protective embrace. He’s stepping into Dean’s space and touching his shoulder lightly before he can really think.
Dean’s eyes flicker a little, but he does come back to meet Cas’ gaze.
“Why are you being so nice to me today, Dean?”
Dean shrugs. “I heard you talking to that woman at the market.”
“I have a business dinner with colleagues this evening,” she tells him without looking back. “I won’t be home until eleven.”
,” Dean mutters, despite the shake in his legs and the quaver in his voice branding him a liar even as he bristles.
“Yes, I’m fine.” Castiel lies levelly. “Thank you.”
The third time Sam visits she finds herself alone with him at the cafeteria table at lunch, the rest of the group still caught in the food line. He’s got his nose stuck in a battered paperback but he looks up when she leans forward.
“It was. He always let me.”
Dean is still watching him, eyes wide and wonderstruck. He’s turned back to face Cas without Cas noticing, and now he’s leaning in, hand on Castiel’s knee and his other hand coming up to gently brush his jaw. Castiel realises abruptly how close they are, his own hand still on Dean’s bare shoulder and Dean near enough to for Cas to count his freckles and the shadows of his eyelashes as he blinks. Dean’s skin is warm under his hand and the air between them taut with a tension he doesn’t know how to name.
Sam is still staring. It’s making the back of Cas’ neck itch.
breathe.
Dean’s eyes are red rimmed when he pulls back but doesn’t give Cas time to comment.
The next morning Cas is all sleepy eyes and smiles, wrapping himself around Dean and whispering love into Dean’s lips.
, and his feelings for Dean were a confusing, distracting problem to be shoved under a mental rug and held down with piles of heavenly orders. Panicked when Dean’s gone and got himself hurt for the millionth time. Tired when Cas has forgotten to sleep again. Concerned when Dean is spiralling. Demanding when he needs to Dean to do something right now,
Cas grins wider. Brushes his free hand up Dean’s chest from hip to chin, lingers there. “Well then,” he says lowering his gaze and looking up at Dean through his lashes. “Consider me thoroughly seduced.”
In fact, the pull is so gentle, just the faintest pressure behind his sternum, that Castiel suspects with a heavy heart that his soulmate may not even be in this town.
“What’s wrong?” His throat is a raw thing, the words grating rough on the way out.
Dean sighs and rests a hip on baby’s chassis.
Castiel tucks his hand under the table and slides his sleeve up to just above his wrist. His mark leans predominantly green, apples and dappled shade under trees and sunlit grass. There are other shades in there too, blues and hints of red, a flicker of purple across the face of the amulet, but other than the greens the only constant is a tracery of gold that twines in amongst the others, one moment sharp and bright, the next muted but warm.
Dean stares at him for a beat, mouth setting like he’s angry but eyes melting with warmth.
“When was the first time?” Sam sounds so calm. He voice is so even, level. Flat as a lake on a calm day. So still it makes Dean flinch away, startling from the anger he expected that isn’t here. Sam steadies him with the flat of a hand against his chest. Repeats. “Dean? The first time?”
The moment they’re in Meg spots that the second bedroom door is open. Padding down the darkened hall, the suspicions that open door raised are confirmed when she gets close enough to see the empty bed inside.
Cas blinks under his touch, confused.
Hindsight hurts like a bitch sometimes.
“I just.” He stops, glances as Cas sideways. “You don’t have a birthday.”
He glances down briefly, face reddening in a way that’s nothing to do with the scrape of the wind, then sets off after Dean over the snow, setting his feet into Dean’s footprints as he goes.
They’ve reached the edge of the motel carpark and Dean stops, scuffs his toe over the frost-rimed kerb. His shoulders are hunched tight again, head ducked. Castiel stands awkwardly, close enough to take Dean’s hand but not knowing how to cross the divide and do it.
“Dean, you’re hurt, I don’t-“ Despite his words, Cas’ grip on Dean tightens convulsively and he sucks in a shaky breath. “Dean, you’re-“
“So I’m told.”
Naomi’s fingers pause briefly before snapping the laptop bag shut and swinging it up onto her shoulder. “The cleaner was here this morning, but you can make sure you do your laundry.”
Dean pulls baby out onto the road and aims them for Lebanon. Considers.
Cas interrupts with a press of his hand over Dean’s mouth.
“I’m-“ he flounders to find a word, any word, in the soup of his memory. “In… bath?”
“Why?”
Castiel thinks. He can feel both their fear, intertwined in the bottom of his stomach, and that gives him the bravery to break out of his frozen stare and open his mouth.
Dean doesn’t tell Sam how the fourth time a punter had
He goes back to stacking groceries. Behind him he hears the gentle thump of the pie box on the worktop.
“Does this mean you’ll be gone soon?”
Dean practically guffaws at that one, head thrown back. “
The other girls collapse with laughter. Castiel hides his scowl behind his textbook. Fine, so he’s awkward and that makes him stiff and formal. Is that his fault? It’s not as if he
Dean doesn’t answer, but Cas feels his silent laugh reverberate through him.
Cas is staring at him, eyes wide and a little startled. The light of the single lamp is sparking flecks of gold in the blue of his irises, painting his skin in honey gold and shadows, and his hair is a disaster where Dean’s fingers have twined in and hung on. He’s so astonishingly beautiful that Dean can’t look at him. He tips his head to blink up at the ceiling, convulsively swallowing down the sudden nausea that rises in his throat. The wave of sickness drowns his arousal and leaves him feeling cold and too small inside his skin.
Dean can’t speak for a long minute. To know that he made someone like Cas feel so intensely without even realising it had punched all the air out of his lungs the first time he heard it down in the trap room. Even now the enormity of it steals his breath and his voice every time. He swallows hard, forces himself not to look away, but to meet the open devotion in Cas’ eyes with his own.
Dean’s fingers squeeze his and Dean smiles a tiny bit.
until he’s scrabbling at Dean’s arms and spilling over his chest with his eyes wide and round and shining like stars.
Castiel blinks, gasps, staggers back. His breath catches hard in his throat and he sinks to his knees, staring.
Castiel loves the sound of it immediately. Even on this first hearing it’s profoundly familiar, the final melody to complete a symphony that’s been playing in his soul his whole life. He likes the play of it off his name too, Dean and Castiel together a harmony that fits comfortably on his tongue.
Dean shakes his head a little, smile widening. “Dangerous job.”
Fuck Sam for making Dean bring all this back up. Fuck him for knifing his ribs open and spilling the pain he pushed down into the bottom of his heart at fifteen and tried to pretend didn’t exist for the next twenty-six years.
Dean trails in, feet dragging and heavy-lidded eyes fixed on the coffee in an exact replica of Cas’ own entrance. Cas grabs a mug, has coffee poured and held out just in time for Dean to snatch it as he collapses to lean on Cas’ back.
“No. Sam, no.” Dean cuts him off, pressing his hands against Sam’s chest. Sam just looks down at him with tears caught in his lashes and his lip trembling.  Dean grits his teeth, forces himself to continue, if only to wipe that look off Sam’s face.
Cas and Dean trail into the diner before anyone can comment further. Dean’s arm is slung round Castiel’s shoulders and they lean into each other in the line to order, but that’s par for the course. Meg assesses them through narrowed eyes, but can’t spot any evidence of the night before anywhere visible. No hickeys, for starters. They just look exhausted, Dean squinting and shading his eyes from the overhead lights and Cas rubbing his temples – their usual hangover from hell tells.
Dean walks around to the driver’s door, studiously not looking at him. It’s only when they’re both in the car and Dean’s starting the engine that Cas finally huffs and speaks.
Dean grins at him, shifts so one of his legs is between Cas’ knees.
He manages just in time. By the time he’s got himself as much under control as he thinks he’ll ever be able to and heads downstairs, Naomi is emerging from the kitchen with her perpetual frown etched even deeper than usual into her forehead.
“So Dean and Cas…”
“It’s Castiel officially,” he says after their first intro lecture where they sat side by side and passed confused notes over the lecturer’s meandering monologues. He’s strangely serious, as she’s already learnt within two hours of acquaintance he almost always is. “But my friends call me Cas. You can if you want.”
“I know what you’re gonna ask sweetheart,” he says before she can ask anything else. His eyes are sparkling with private laughter despite the candid simplicity of his tone. “And no. They’re not boyfriends.”
Eleven years in and Dean is still floored by the absolute commitment Cas offers him. The unrelenting honesty of it blindsides him even when he thinks he knows and expects it. He should have seen it earlier, really. That level of unwavering devotion despite everything, despite Dean being
Meg instantly sits up straighter.
He rolls over. Cas is sitting cross-legged on the edge of the bed, head bowed over his lap. The vial holding his grace rests on his palms, lighting the planes and angles of his face.
“What do
They barely make it into the corridor before Cas crowds Dean into the wall and crushes their mouths together. Dean kisses back, sinking for a second into the heat of Cas’ mouth, the hard lines of his body, before the tiny fraction of his brain that’s still coherent remembers
Despite his promise to leave thoughts of the future alone, Cas can’t stop part of his mind spinning, running over plans and possibilities. Six months, Dean said. Six months is time enough to plan, to find a way to get the both of them out of situations neither of them want to be stuck in. Maybe right now none of his ideas amount to anything more sophisticated than simply running away together, but they can work it out.
Dean drops his forehead to rest on Cas’ collarbone, kisses the tender skin there. His hips dip a little lower, jostling their hands together and Cas groans softly.
“I.. you…” Dean hisses in a breath. Forces his eyes open. He can’t say this when it’s replaying in his mind’s eye in high definition. “We were in Wyoming. Some podunk town. Dad’s money ran out. You were hungry and crying, and I couldn’t find anything to steal, and I didn’t have anything else to sell.”
Cas grabs Dean’s head, fists his fingers in his hair, yanks him roughly down to kiss him. When he lets go Dean is panting, dishevelled, flushed.
Bobby just shakes his head and takes a quiet swig of his beer.
Some days he wishes the bunker were in Florida where he’d never have to worry about how the cold sets off his old war wounds and reminds him sharply and precisely of exactly how old he’s got, but then Cas reads him another headline about
and he’s suddenly grateful for Kansas, fucking freezing mornings and all.
The golden whiskey glow makes Dean bold. He dips his fingers into the waistband of Cas’ underwear, skates lower to find hardening flesh, slips his fingers down-
“Dean, I…” he starts weakly, but Dean cuts him off abruptly.
“Yeah, well.” Dean buries his face in Cas’ hair and breathes in the scent of shampoo, coffee,
Halfway to the temptingly rich smell of fried food, he’s most of the way past a stand before he registers what’s on it.
so the lack of kissing seems pretty minor. Maybe they’re just not hugely into PDA. Even if they do basically eyefuck every time they look at each other.
Castiel knows it’s tradition to kiss at the dawn of the new year. He’s dreamt about it sometimes, someone’s arms around him and their lips on his beneath the fireworks. Never really thought he’d get to experience it.
Cas touches Dean a
“Not im-“ Sam sits up straight, leans forward to plant his hands on the table. Now he looks properly pissed. “Of course it’s important, it’s your whole life. Your whole fucking life and you’ve just been, what? Hiding it from me?”
“I have to get the first aid kit from your bag.” Cas takes Dean’s hand, pushes it down on the towel. “Hold this tight, don’t fall over again.”
It’s the empty again, all darkness and void and pain.
do to you just as well as what I
Dean is glad it’s dark because his face feels hotter than the sun. What the fuck is he supposed to say to that, to answer that?
Breathe in. Breathe out.
Castiel dries his hand on the teatowel, hangs it neatly back on the oven handle. Only then does he turn back around to meet Naomi’s gaze. She’s watching him again, brow faintly creased as though Castiel has done something mildly puzzling. That touch of confusion is enough to salve the acid burn of resentment at least a little. If so minor an insolence as not apologising over nothing is enough to put that look on her face, Castiel wonders what an actual act of defiance would provoke. In the past that idea would have set his teeth on edge, sent him deeper into carefully constructed obedience to conceal his errant thoughts. Not now. Now the flickering flame of rebellion is an enticing heat in his chest.
Dean laughs a little. “Yeah, I know. You gonna let go of my arm so you can?”
Dean closes his eyes too. The inside of his eyelids might as well be a cinema screen, the clarity of the moment is so sharp. The broken sink in the corner, the single flickering yellow lightbulb overhead. The fractured tiles with the mouldy, dirty grout. The press of concrete against his knees. The accuracy of recollection undimmed by two and a half decades.
The whole point of Dean was always to protect Sam. But now Sam’s watching him with wary eyes, trepidation and distress twisting his mouth, and Christ if that doesn’t gut Dean, because the whole reason for
“Is Dean your boyfriend?” She finally asks bluntly, halfway down the path to labs.
For an unmeasurable eternity Castiel breathes into his knees. His heart pounds unsteadily against his ribs, his blood rushing in his ears.
Cas gasps into his mouth, whines against his shoulder, pulls him impossibly closer, demands
“Yeah?” Dean asks, turning back towards him. “What kind of thing?”
They're actually going to have to talk to each other in the next chapter. Which might admittedly be out of character for these idiots.
Somehow it feels like a question. Like a
Sam’s sentence dies in the space between them. It stains the air with its withering, seeps the air out of Sam and the strength out of his spine. His hands loosen on Dean’s shirt and he sags forward, sinking until his forehead drops into Dean’s hair. Dean shivers under the contact, nerves screaming to pull away. Distantly in the back of his mind he registers how fucked that is, that his subconscious won’t even trust his own brother, won’t even trust Sam, not to turn touch into violence.
“For fuck’s sake Cas, just come here.” Dean opens his right arm out without taking his eyes off the road. Cas immediately shoves across the seat, presses into Dean’s side. His hands finally still, one calm in his lap and one resting on Dean’s thigh.
“Every day for the rest of our lives,” he whispers. And that promise should knock Dean off balance how it always has before, flip the panic switch hardwired into the foundations of his being, but somehow it doesn’t. It just sinks into Dean’s skin, into his veins, runs warm and heady in his blood, stronger and sweeter than any whiskey in the world.
Castiel nods, obedience coming easily with the thought of his coming reprieve. “Of course. I hope the meeting goes well.”
“I’d better get going,” Castiel continues as he retrieves his half-empty coffee mug from the table, empties it into the sink. “I have to return some library books before class.”
why Dean’s years of experience were no preparation for the way being with Cas nearly drowns him.
think about it, the answer is as obvious as if it’s written in neon letters a foot high.
He’d passed his shying away from people and the raspy voice off as a touch of flu to a questioning Sam. Hid the bruises behind scarves and high neck jumpers and turned up coat collars and made fake-cheerful complaints about the cold.
“Okay, okay, breathe in through your nose- Cas, Cas, come on go with me, Cas, it’ll help-“
Most of the time, Castiel is just glad Naomi doesn’t have a TV in the house. Between that and the adblocker he’s put on his browser, he’s at least got a little respite from the soulmate overload when he’s home. Tucked up under his duvet in the middle of the night, secluded from the relentless media barrage, he can run his fingers over the fine lines of his mark and imagine what a soul bond
, hazy and warm like a tiny glowing light set in the centre of his chest. Taking a deep breath, Castiel starts walking again. He cups the ember of affection in his heart, wrapping himself around it and letting it slowly begin to thaw the cold from his bones.
Lettuce.
“Dean?”
Normally Dean would groan at that, shove Cas’ arm and accuse him of talking like a sappy romance novel. The reflex reaction dies before it begins because
“I stuck my head in both rooms,” Bal confides, breathless and grinning. “The smaller one’s barely got anything in it. Just some books on the nightstand, and the bed looks like it’s not been used.”
A memory surfaces of a motel and another mirror, many years in the past. Cas pokes Dean in the side.
“Hello,” he manages. It’s barely a whisper but the other boy sucks in a breath at the sound of it.
each other, flaws and weird foibles and all. Meg might have been laughably obtuse in a lot of ways about what Cas and Dean feel for each other, but even she knows Dean honestly likes Cas’ complete obliviousness to pop-culture, his love for emojis, his fascination with bees, that Cas thinks Dean’s devotion to his car, his love of terrible tv dramas and his ridiculous patterned socks are the most endearing thing to ever exist. She knows that they have movie nights, just the two of them, they share books and make each other mixtapes, and text each other constantly if they’re apart for more than ten minutes, and always, always laugh at each other’s jokes, even when they’re terrible. Perhaps for them love is simply an added bonus, another storey built on a house that’s already weathered every storm. It’s not something they need to make a show of for them to know it’s unshakeable.
change. Then I met you and within weeks I was feeling things I’d never imagined and doing things I’d never dreamt of, and I didn’t understand any of it. All I understood for a long time was that I
Before she can say anything else, Dean bursts back into the room with a yell of
“Keep waiting to go back there,” he confesses into Cas’ shoulder. “While we’re… keep waiting for something to snap and put me back there and I’ll freak the fuck out.”
Dean shuffles up behind Cas as he’s washing his face at the sink. He wraps his arms around him and leans so heavily that Cas staggers and braces himself on the counter. He looks up, sees the two of them reflected in the mirror.
He raises his head wearily to look at Dean’s face. Watches the determined, exhausted set of Dean’s jaw, the throb of his pulse in his neck. Worry stirs in his stomach. Tired as he is, he pushes harder on his legs, forces himself to hold his own body up a little more, take some weight off Dean.
“Green,” Castiel whispers, watching a flare of rich pine swirl lazily through the lines wrapped around his wrist. So there really was something to his years of absent daydreaming. He still has no idea how
Cas sighs, almost inaudible. “I hurt from the day I fell. But. Worse after Metatron. After the stolen grace. That was almost more than I could bear sometimes.”
“I know.”
And Cas looks so fucking
It takes a few goes for it to be good.
Eventually he finds himself slipping into a doze, his death grip on Cas’ shirt loosening and body slumping even further, and Cas finally stirs.
TW for homophobic language in number 17.
“Sam.” He warns hoarsely.
It’s the stuff of cheesy romcoms, everyone knows that.
“How long?”
“Hello Naomi,” he replies. “How was your day?”
“My bed’s the one nearer the door,” he says. “You wanna sit there? Probably easiest if I’m by you and turn around, right?”
Meg itches to catch Bobby alone and ask him about Dean and Cas. He has to be a goldmine of anecdotes and blackmail material, even more so than Sam. For the first couple of hours, though, she has to bite her tongue. Dean monopolises Bobby until Cas touches his cheek and gives him a single look that calms him down enough to let someone else talk, then there’s introductions and small talk, food to be ordered and consumed. Meg rolls with it, but part of her stays poised and ready for her opportunity.
He startles back a step, head jerking up. He hadn’t even realised Dean had stopped. “Sorry.” He says reflexively.
. He’s supposed to
There’s someone behind him.
It’s only when Cas goes to curl around him in bed that night that Dean grabs his wrists, pushes him back and pins him down on the mattress. He props himself over Cas, folds his arms on Cas’ chest and frowns down at him. Cas blinks back up, blue eyes wide and innocent.
“Ah fuck it,” Dean mutters. “Not like we haven’t been all over each other’s insides already.”
“Doesn’t matter what I am, I don’t let people terrorise kids.” Dean releases Cas’ hand, settles his weight. He can’t see this guy backing down without a fight. “They’re not doing anything wrong, they’re just doing what teens in love do.  You should be on your way.”
Cas knows that voice. Sick, blinded, injured, bleeding out on the floor, his
“Dad kind of,” Dean gestures aimlessly, “lost it a bit, I guess. He couldn’t stay in that town, couldn’t settle down anywhere. So he quit his job and hit the road. Stuck me in the back seat with Sammy in a blanket on my lap and just… drove. Hasn’t stopped since.”
Dean glances round. Sam is squinting at the appliance on the side like it’s some new spell he’s never seen before. Dean jerks back to look into the cupboard.
That gets him a glance over Cas’ shoulder. Cas’ face is tired, eyes only half-open, but he doesn’t look sad. A little wistful, maybe.
New Year is a non-existent event under Naomi’s rule. The only tangible sign in their house of a year ticking into the next is the wall calendar in her office being replaced, and since she always buys the same kind that doesn’t even have artwork for the months, the difference is barely noticeable.
Then Cas’ hand dips lower, into the crease of Dean’s hip, and the curl of desire that wells up jolts Dean back into motion.
Cas still frowns out the car window, needled.
Castiel’s mouth pops open in astonishment. His face burns even hotter. No one has
“You take care of yourselves, okay?” Cas tells them. His voice sounds rough and Dean can’t help glancing at him in concern. The quieter boy smiles at him as he looks back around and Dean has to smile too.
to this
beautiful. “But let’s stay here for a while.”
Dean knows Cas loves him. Hell knows why when he’s the only person in creation besides Sam who’s seen every ugly, ruined corner of Dean’s history and been party to every selfish, destructive, hurtful decision Dean’s ever made. But he knows Cas loves him. After the Empty, after everything, even he, monument to self-hatred that he is, can’t doubt that. Not with every second of Cas’ confession and death branded onto the inside of his eyelids, replaying a personalised horror movie every time he tries to sleep.
Dean bangs his tray down by Sam and flumps onto the bench. Meg snaps her mouth shut and scowls, which does nothing but win her one of Dean’s most dazzling smiles.
The desire to punch Naomi square in the nose surges in him so strongly his hand twitches. Sucking his breath in, he closes his eyes and pictures it as he breathes slow and even. The shocked widening of her eyes just before the blow lands. How her nose would crunch under his knuckles. The sick satisfaction of showing her that he’s not her chew toy. His fingers itch to curl into a fist.
against his lips, and his ribcage tightens like a vice.
He only makes it two steps before a wave of concern washes through his stomach and Castiel stops dead to realise he is, in fact, an utter moron. Of course he feels alone. He’s supposed to have his soulmate by his side, and all he’s got is this bizarre internal emotional dialogue. How is that meant to be a reasonable substitute for a whole living person to share his life – even something so small as a birthday – to share
Balthazar coughs as soon as he can get a sound out.
Cas hums a little, quiet and indecipherable, presses his fingertips into the pulse at Dean’s wrist. Dean pushes his head harder against Cas’ hair. Breathes in. Out.
He holds his hand out. He’s not sure if a handshake is too formal for this, but he’s not brave enough to offer the kind of hug that he’s seen others give on meeting, and his heart is still tugging at him, pushing him to reach out, to touch Dean for the first time.
Cas’ hand has caught itself on Dean’s hip. He’s not sure how it got there.
he tells himself severely. After all their mingled emotions and half-shared experiences, good and bad, it’s ludicrous to be embarrassed over sharing anything so simple as this. “Especially if I’m looking at my mark, it’s always strongest then.”
“Where did you learn to fight like that?” He asks, bright eyed and eager.
shocking to find he’s tidy.
and just-“
(See the end of the chapter for
“No you won’t.” Dean says levelly. “You’ll fuck off back to the hole you crawled out of and rethink your life. Right. Now.”
Dean blinks down at him. His heart suddenly feels four times too big for his ribs. Cas just smiles up at him, so wide and happy and warm, looking like everything Dean’s ever wanted and never known how to ask for. Dean smiles back, helpless not to.
So he casts his mind back to just before the wave hit. He’d been running his fingers along the spines of the books, skim reading the titles. He’d paused over one about the presentation of soul bonds in classical literature and art, and he’d felt… he’d felt so abruptly, deeply lonely. His thoughts had skittered away to freckles and a charming smile, and he’d wanted so fiercely his chest had ached with it.
Dean’s head twitches. Sam leans back a little, watches Dean carefully. The intensity of his gaze feels like it’s stripping Dean’s skin off and Dean shrinks into his shirt, automatically making himself small, like that could ever protect him when Sam decides he wants to pull Dean’s heart out and examine it.
“I am too you know,” Dean makes himself say, the effort like he’s having to crowbar the words out of his stubborn chest. “Certain. Of this. Us.” He rubs a hand over his face, feels the drying tear tracks against his fingers. “It’s just… a lot. Sometimes.”
Sometime soon he’ll get up, pull Cas up with him. Kiss him under the stars, wrap an arm around his waist and walk them back to bed. Until he can find himself enough to do all those things, he leans into the solidity of Cas’ body and lets it ground him, just enough.
Spine bolting up straight, he scrabbles at the soul bond, spilling out dread as he flails for a way to ask
the short section reads,
“C’mon Cas,” he punctuates the words with messy kisses to Cas’ chin, his cheek, his nose, “keep me warm.”
Naomi stares at him for a good ten seconds before answering. Her frown etches itself deeper between her brows.
Their last hunt was long and brutal and bloody. When they get back to the bunker they have dinner and drinks on the sofa, eyes catching on each other, smiling and buoyed up on the rush of victory. Cas spends most of the meal sitting sideways with his legs over Dean’s and his feet resting on the cushions. He keeps touching Dean’s knee, his wrist, watching him with this tender look in his eyes.
Dean’s hands clutch his head, his back.
Dean’s breath catches on the inhale. Cold leeches into his lungs. His fingers tremble finely.
Dean looks up from his conversation with Benny, suddenly aware that something’s going on. Cas takes his hand, giving him a quick glance that must carry a depth of meaning beyond anything Meg can fathom, because Dean’s expression shifts from confusion to understanding and he sits up straighter.
Dean sighs a little. Rubs the back of his neck.
Meg bites the bullet and forces out the second question. Looking back on the last two years, she feels like she knows the answer to this one too, little as she wants to admit it to herself.
Cas leans into Dean’s arm, pulls the blanket tighter around his shoulders.
Castiel stands in the shade of the shelves and clutches his right wrist to his chest, fingers of his other hand so tight over his mark his knuckles show white. Are they… are they ignoring him? Don’t they
, the tug in his chest demands,
Sam is still staring at him.
Now Sam just looks honestly baffled. So like a lost puppy Dean would laugh if he didn’t already want to throw up.
Cas smiles down at whatever angle of Dean he’s managed to capture this time and shrugs. “I like to look at you.”
“You’re being particularly nice today.”
yourself
“You didn’t have to do that, Dean.” Cas pulls back a bit to look Dean in the eye. “I could have dealt with it.”
to feel unsettled and embarrassed very time someone speaks to him. And they don’t make it easy, those popular kids with their ready disdain and their easy scorn.
you didn’t know, you think I wanted you carrying something like that?” Tears prick at his eyes and he scrubs them away with a furious fist. “You were a fucking kid, ten years old, of
“Did you just want the salad for the ducks?” Dean asks, amused. Cas frowns at him.
, right now. I know what you are to me, and that could never be damaged by anything you did a long time ago.” Cas pauses, smoothing his thumbs over Dean’s cheekbones, and smiles a tiny bit. “Especially not something you did out of love.”
“I was.” There’s no accusation in Cas’ gaze when he looks up at her. It doesn’t stop her feeling like a prize idiot.
Cas tightens his fingers in Dean’s hair. “No matter how angry you were with me, part of you always turned gold when you saw me, you always shone a little brighter, like you do around Sam. You were so
Well.
It doesn’t take them long to clean up, but when the last of the soap suds swirl down the drain Cas shows no inclination to turn the shower off and get dry. Instead he wraps his arms around Dean’s waist, rests his head on Dean’s shoulder and sways them gently. Against his chest Dean feels Cas hum something quiet and tender, too low to be heard over the drum of the water on tile. Dean goes with the rhythm, leans the side of his head on Cas’ and sighs. The water’s just starting to lose its heat, but Dean can’t bring himself to care. Cas’ hands are firm on the base of his spine, his body is solid in Dean’s arms, and Dean can’t recall the last time he felt this content.
but it comes off so shaky that the flicker of scepticism he gets in reply just makes him smile weakly.
“That sounds nice,” he says cautiously, and Dean smiles again, bright eyed and happy.
“Cas?” Dean sounds nervous. He doesn’t move, but Cas can hear the shake in his voice echoing the tremble low in Cas’ insides.
Dean sees the fight as soon as he rounds the corner. There’s a big man in scruffy jeans and a flannel yelling at two boys who are holding hands. Dean’s not close enough to hear everything the guy’s saying, but he does catch the word
She can’t have heard that right. Maybe she’s having auditory hallucinations brought on by too many shots, not enough sleep, and this morning’s bucketful of caffeine. She knew that second extra large black coffee was a mistake.
hurt. This will be Dean setting a match to Sam’s image of their childhood and throwing them both onto the pyre.
Cas rolls his eyes, shoves Dean’s shoulder with his free foot, but his eyes crinkle like he’s trying not to laugh and Dean’s stomach fizzes with something effervescent and warm.
The suspect will never see.
– but part of his brain is too strung out on fear for it to be properly good. He doesn’t mention it, though the way Cas wrinkles his eyes at him later when they’re cuddled up in bed and Dean can’t stop asking if Cas is okay, he doesn’t hurt, makes him think he’s done a shitty job of hiding it.
Dean looks at him for a long moment. Castiel forces his breathing to stay even. Keeps himself open. Lets Dean feel all the apprehension and dread curdling in his stomach. Dean’s expression is soft, a touch of a smile, but his eyes stay distantly sad, so Cas knows what’s coming before Dean even begins to answer. It doesn’t make the words sting any less.
It’s a normal evening. No one nearly died. No one’s drunk or under a spell and freezing to death. Dean cooks them bacon topped macaroni cheese, throws together a salad on the side to stop Sam bitching. They eat with Sam in the library, argue over the last case, the three of them loose and happy, grinning at each other over their food. Cas asks hopefully for ice cream for dessert, the fancy expensive vanilla one Dean turned a blind eye to him sneaking into their last grocery shop. Dean drizzles it with warm honey and sprinkles on chocolate chips, just for the glowing smile he knows he’ll get when he gives Cas his bowl. While Sam pours them whiskey, Dean watches Cas melt around his first mouthful and his heart beats faster with anticipation.
surprised I’m not?”
There’s a pause and Castiel flexes his fingers, an aftershock of last night’s pain shivering up his arm. Naomi’s gaze sits heavy on his shoulders and he has to consciously force himself not to hunch in under its weight.
complaining about this development. Trust me. They fucked.”
“I know, Dean. Sam I both know. But.” Cas shifts a little, eyes flicking down and to the side. “We weren’t going to celebrate, we know you don’t want that. But we just… wanted you to know. That we remembered. And we care.” He stops, flicks his eyes back up to Dean’s. His hands slide up Dean’s ribs to press gently into the back of his shoulders. “We just wanted you to have a good day.”
right. All the faces he can see blend together, none of them standing out from the blur. Nobody calls to him the way he knows his soulmate will.
But it
lost to Dean’s mouth.
Cas isn’t even looking at him, he’s reading the back of the ketchup bottle, focused like it could hold the keys to the universe.
“Looked like no one was sleeping in your second bedroom,” she says, unapologetic. “But you still keep denying you’re boyfriends. So-“
“I don’t…” Sam says hesitantly, his fingers not hooked on Dean’s arm twitching uselessly. “I don’t… you must have done that for years Dean. For
“Cas,” Dean breathes into his ear. “Come on, I’ve got you- I want you to-“
Sometime near the bottom of the whiskey bottle Dean takes their glasses, puts them on the table and climbs into Cas’ lap to kiss him. He cradles Cas’ jaw in his palms, strokes his fingertips lightly over the sensitive skin behind his ears. Cas makes a soft noise, holds onto Dean’s waist and runs his thumbs up Dean’s sides so gently it turns Dean’s heart inside out.
This feels like the universe playing another cruel joke on him, giving him what he’s longed for only to snatch it away the second he’s learnt how much joy it brings him.
Eileen finally gets back from her hunt about three. She breezes into the bunker, greets Sam somewhere Dean can’t see – thank
He’s cut off by Dean flipping his scarf over Cas’ head. He winds it round Cas’ neck, movements rough and rapid.
So Meg just slumps in her seat and lets it slide. Again.
Fuck, he hates sounding this vulnerable. This weak. Even when it’s Cas.
he breathes, face breaking into a smile. “How did you know which ones I wanted?”
Dean’s whole body curls in around the words. He knows that, fuck, of
He’s never minded lonely birthdays before. He doesn’t remember the day even being noticed beyond Naomi’s customary one line greeting since Gabriel ran away from home at seventeen. Castiel was seven then, and his memories of any birthdays with Gabriel around are hazy and unfocused except for one startlingly clear memory of Gabriel swinging him through the air and singing to him while Castiel clung to his arms and laughed and laughed. He’s
Now that Castiel’s awake enough to really register it, he realises that at least some of the bitter confusion of emotions weighing down his stomach feels off too. Some of it
“Why today though?” Cas asks suddenly. “What made you pick today?”
Startled, Dean’s head whips round. Cas is settling himself on the edge, feet hanging next to Dean’s. His eyes are ringed with tired bruises, his hair a disaster. He’s got the blanket from their bed draped around him, over his t-shirt and a pair of Dean’s sweatpants. A little too long in the leg, slightly loose. His boots are untied and he’s not wearing socks. For some reason that tiny fact grips Dean’s gaze for a long moment. Cas didn’t even take the time to tie his shoes, came to find him instead.
This morning he’d woken to find a new thermal blanket thrown over the bed. It was patterned with constellations and the warmest thing he’d ever felt. He barely had time to poke it and frown in confusion at its sudden, inexplicable presence, before Cas had appeared through the doorway, coffee in hand, and pushed all thoughts of mystery blankets from Dean’s head.
Anxiety still prickles under Castiel’s skin, a needle-sharp dread he can’t blunt just by willing it away, but he nods. Dean’s right, there’s no point fixating on a future that’ still entirely uncertain. And much as he might want to offer Dean some kind of comfort, let him know Cas is here if Dean ever wants to talk, he knows without having to think that it’s not something he can give if Dean isn’t ready for it.
“Are you seriously telling me you’ve always known and you’ve never even mentioned it?” Sam sounds a little hurt and Dean flinches.
Dean keeps his mouth shut. He wants to see if they’ve got anything else planned. Calculate exactly how he’s supposed to react.
He presses himself up against the lean lines of Cas’ body, peppers kisses over his forehead, round the curve of his eye. Cas sighs beneath him, hands sliding over Dean’s shoulders, fingers curling gently into his shirt.
Cas doesn’t seem to mind. He sighs and nuzzles his nose into Dean’s hair, all fond affection. “I know.”
Castiel can’t help but bring his other hand up too, press both his palms against the span of Dean’s shoulders. Dean shudders under his touch and Cas pulls back. The marks dim and the starlight winks out inside Cas, leaving him feeling as he had for his whole life before that touch. Normal and bereft all at once.
He doesn’t elaborate further, so Castiel files that snippet away and finally pushes his shirt cuff back to expose his mark.
“You done?”
he mouths soundlessly.
“Yes, of course.” Castiel speaks his agreement to cover a returning spike of his own nerves, immediately moves to perch on the bottom edge of the bed. It’s absurd really, he reflects, watching Dean fumble his flannel shirt off and abandon it on the table. He showed Dean his own mark so readily, with no anxiety at all.
Cas is between the man and the boys. He’s holding his hands out, saying something, trying to placate the attacker’s anger. The guy keeps going to sidestep him, but Cas moves with him, keeping himself in front of the boys protectively.
“I didn’t ask you to.”
“That winter Dad disappeared for a month.” It comes out monotone, emotionless. “Left us in some fucking hellhole motel while he went off hunting a wendigo pack on Wind River reservation.”
And okay. Maybe Dean and Cas
The words feel feeble next to the solid certainty of Cas’ declaration. Not enough. Nothing like enough.
Cas isn’t the only man he’s been attracted to, not by a long shot, even if he’s the only one he’s wanted for a long time now. But he just… he met Cas and fell so fast and so irrevocably it was like stepping off a bottomless cliff. The wind of freefall whipped away any resistance he ever tried to put up. He’s never thought about the
that it cracks something open inside Dean’s ribs. Laughter at the absurdity of this situation bubbles up uncontrollably and he flops back down, arms giving way. Cas makes a startled noise that breaks the last bit of dam holding back the tide and it floods out. Dean just lies there with his jeans stuck around his ankles and laughs helplessly.
his own, his distress and panic, but mingled with it are anger and fear and misery that are foreign in that way that’s already deeply familiar.
Dean looks him over, gaze flickering up through his lashes to skate over Castiel’s face as though searching for something in his expression. Castiel isn’t sure what to do with his face, whether a smile would offer the comfort Dean seems to be seeking or whether it would be better to be serious. So he just tilts his head, blinks anxiously under Dean’s inspection.
The following weeks blur slowly together and Castiel feels that undercurrent more and more often.  He isn’t sure if he just never noticed it before, too wrapped up in his own tentative joy at their connection, or if he’s only starting to sense it now as their souls are slowly learning each other better. Either way, it’s slowly dawning on him that it wasn’t a one off that first time he felt it. It’s not an occasional thing. It comes and goes without any rhythm, but it’s there so often that within weeks Castiel realises he’s more surprised by its absence than its presence.
“Dean,” Cas mumbles, and Dean glances down, drawn like a magnet to an opposite pole. Cas is still asleep, face calm and relaxed. He sighs almost inaudibly, nuzzles his face closer into Dean’s thigh.
Sam clearly isn’t expecting Dean to answer though, because he keeps on talking, hand waving in the air again as if trying to give shape to his thoughts.
Dean shrugs. “I’ve used a few.”
He’s still holding the bag of potatoes.
“You move house a lot?” Castiel asks, frowning. He doesn’t quite understand the meaning behind Dean’s turn of phrase. It sounds simple, but the way Dean hesitated as he chose his words gives Castiel a sensation of sudden vertigo, as though he were peering over a precipice deeper than he can yet comprehend.
His voice is deep with a hint of an accent that’s not there enough for Castiel to grasp. He likes the sound of it though. It feels warm and safe, exactly how he’s imagined it would these past months.
that mean?
, yanks himself away, slapping at Dean’s hands.
So instead Castiel heads back down to the ground floor and the public-access computers. Picking the one furthest from the issue desk, partly concealed by a display stand of new-in crime thrillers, he slips into the chair and logs on with a guilty glance around him. No one’s looking. No one even glanced up as he walked by at a pace that was meant to be casual but was probably more of a run. Still, the back of his neck prickles uncomfortably.
Dean and Cas host the first game night of the year as an apartment warming party. As soon as they’re occupied in the kitchen with the homemade pizzas, Balthazar hightails it out of the living room without a word. He’s back in less than a minute, dropping to his knees and leaning to whisper in Meg’s ear.
Dean shakes his head. “I don’t want to leave you alone and if I sleep here I’ll disturb…”
his subconscious whispers mutinously and he shudders before he can hold it in.
Dean looks up from replying to a text from Sam. They’re two hours out from the bunker, Eileen wants them to all get dinner together in the tiny pizza place in Lebanon later.
Castiel wants to say something. Anything. Take a step forward, hold out his hand in greeting, even simply smile. But this doesn’t feel real enough to trust. Castiel is suspended in world of glass and spun sugar. One wrong move, one wrong breath, and it will shatter around him and crack him open with it. So he stands with all the words he wants to spill out trapped behind his teeth and does nothing but stare.
Castiel flushes. “Oh. Um.” He has no idea how to respond. This wasn’t how he expected this conversation to go. “No, I- no.”
Castiel doesn’t think his soulmate’s surface softness towards him is a lie. It feels genuine, not manufactured to paper over the distress they’re so obviously still haunted by. But even if it is as real as he believes it to be, they’re still using it to conceal their suffering from him. That they’re putting up a front of
“I don’t even know what he’s chasing. It’s like he’s out there hunting for someone to blame for the fire so he doesn’t have to blame himself for not being there.” Dean’s tone turns bitter. “But he never finds it, so he just drops the latest dead-end job he found, packs us up and runs away from his own guilt.”
Cas reaches the table first and slips around it to where the waving guy is standing, practically bouncing on his heels in excitement. He slings an arm around Cas’ shoulders and drags them both down to the seat, Cas pulled tight into his side. Cas just smiles, quiet and content, like this is something he entirely expected.
Cas leans forward suddenly, presses his forehead against Dean’s, and the words die on Dean’s lips. Cas doesn’t have to say anything for Dean to know that he understands. The fierce grip of his hands around Dean’s, the sudden angry flash in the depths of his eyes, are as clear as any words.
Castiel already had a few ideas about what Dean might be like from their months of emotional connection. Curious, affectionate, funny. And kind, always kind. But this, this convinces him that above all else Dean is brave.
“Six months,” Cas echoes. So little time. And that’s if they’re
, he didn’t have a choice, it was
He wanders down a couple of rows of stalls, casting his eyes over the wares without really focusing on them. Over here the vendors are all looking to offload twentieth century junk, nothing near old enough to pique his interest. He’s drawn momentarily by a stall full of vintage books, but he resists with the thought that he already has a to-read pile forty deep he’s barely touched, and Dean keeps making pointed comments about wanting to use his desk for something other than book storage occasionally.
It’s a long time before Dean gets up to make breakfast.
He could cope if it were just those times. Just those brief moments where he can blush and turn his head away and play it off with a joke, or pretend he hasn’t noticed. Make some comment about the hunt. Ask if Cas wants a beer.
“Cas,” he mumbles, hands fumbling at Cas’ shoulder, “sick.”
that…”
It comes quite a long way into the evening, when Dean and Cas are too busy fighting over the jukebox to notice anything but each other, Benny’s getting refills at the bar with Charlie, and Bal is off flirting with every one of the wait staff at once, particularly that one waiter with the
He’s even had pleading, begging for Dean’s help, his forgiveness,
Cas tucks his phone into his back pocket and does with a widening smile. As soon as he’s within reach, Dean snags his wrist, reels him in and spins them to press Cas into the side of the car. Cas lets him, just slings his arm around Dean’s neck for balance and stares up at him with shining eyes.
Balthazar takes one look at them and bursts into hysterical laughter.
He thinks of the lifetime of pushing it aside, pretending, living up to an ideal that isn’t his. Of what he did to get money to take care of Sam, the creeping shame that followed him like a shadow.
“Yes, all right,” Castiel nods, relief loosening his muscles and letting his veneer of normalcy settle comfortably into place. “Is there anything that needs doing around the house while you’re gone?”
It never occurs to him how much it genuinely helps
“Dean.” He says quietly. “The whole reason we’re having this conversation is that you didn’t let yourself openly want another man for nearly thirty years.”
He pushes at Cas, treacherous hands tangling in Cas’ shirt and trying to pull him in at the same time.
“Maybe take these off with the boots next time?” He echoes Cas’ teasing from earlier, picking up Cas’ foot and waggling it. “Just socks and shirt, not your best look.”
And if Dean had just been less…
“Dean, it’s three in the morning.”
Sam’s hand latches onto Dean’s shoulder. “We were in Wyoming a lot, Dean.” This time there’s an undercurrent to the words. A tremor. A foreshock of the coming earthquake. Dean gives up trying to prevent it. Sam will be furious either way. There’s no point hiding this. Sam will wheedle it out of him sooner or later, and he’s too tired to evade his probing. He drops his head instead, tucks it under Sam’s arm and leans into him. He feels more than hears Sam’s startled inhalation, but he starts talking before Sam can open his mouth.
Dean scrabbles himself upwards, looks Cas in the eye. Cas’ pupils are too wide, even for the dark inside the car, his breathing unsteady against Dean’s ribs.
“You can’t even smite me any more anyway.”
Cas breathes
“No, seriously,” the third friend, the one with the ponytail, fights to keep a straight face. “He’s a total freak but he’s not got a bad face. Someone will want him,” she pauses for effect, “so long as he doesn’t use his mouth for talking.”
“It’s not,” Dean whispers, but even he can hear the lie trembling in his voice.
before he hides himself in Cas’ shirt.
Castiel finds it all exhausting. He’d point out that the average age for matching with a soulmate is the mid-twenties and meeting in high school is statistically rare if he thought it would help at all, but even in his most snappish moments, on the days where the incessant rumour-mongering grates the most, he knows that would just make him even more of an outcast than he already is. Better to just keep his head down, tug his sleeve over his mark, and focus on maintaining his grades.
Cas has been inside Dean’s head. He’s seen every corner of Dean’s soul. He doesn’t need Dean to talk to know what he means. He hugs Dean closer, cradles the back of his head with a gentle hand.
Dean huffs a breath. “I’m from Kansas originally. Lawrence, actually,” he says, and Castiel nods to himself, pleased he caught the accent correctly. “But, uh, we’ve. Um. Been a lot of places.”
He’s so sunk into the repetition that it could be minutes or hours before a stray sound pierces his focus and jerks him back to the present. A door closes somewhere, then footsteps pad down the corridor past their room. It must just be Sam, the footfall too heavy for Eileen, but for that first second as Dean comes back to himself it could be anyone, anonymous footsteps following him in the dark.
And then he looks up, looks Castiel in the eye.
He pictures those kids as they walked away, still holding hands and bumping their arms together, smiling now. Pictures himself at their age, the growing realisation of who he is, yearning for a boy in his Lit class with dark skin, a quick temper, outspoken opinions, and smiling brown eyes. His father’s passing derogatory comments about two women holding hands on the street as they drove by one night. The way his insides had felt afterwards. It’s been twenty-five years; he has no idea what town they were in any more, or why. He still remembers the exact words and the way his stomach had twisted inside out in response with razor sharp clarity.
“Dean?” Cas puts his hand to Dean’s cheek, pulls his head upright.
Cas bites his lip, taps his fingertips off the book page.
When they’re finished they head up the street, looking in shop windows, talking about nothing in particular. At the bookstore, Dean picks up a new book on American myths that Sam’s been talking about buying while Cas browses around aimlessly. He ends up with five new books, and to his surprise, Dean doesn’t object despite Cas already having
“You said I’m not allowed to stand up till tomorrow.”
Maybe it comes from being best friends first. From genuinely
. He’ll put his hand on Dean’s left shoulder while they’re kissing, grip onto Dean’s hair while they’re grinding against each other, gasp into the air with his eyes round as the moon and pupils blown out like supernovas while Dean’s got three fingers inside him and Dean’s bloodstream is a lava flow melting him from the inside with
“Fucking Christ Cas, don’t scare me like that ever again.”
Dean will never know how he can even start to show Cas how much that means.
Tense as that whole scene had been, Castiel can’t help but feel exhilarated. It’s been so long since he last said or did anything close to rebellion. Alone in his room with his heart beating hard and his own words still buzzing in his ears, he finds he rather likes the rush of it.
Instantly the link between them snaps off. The pain, the wretched anger, everything shuts down.
Cas is absolutely baffled by Dean today.
It’s foreign in his heart, strange and new on the back of his tongue, and for a moment he feels like there’s a second person under his skin with him.
He supposes it’s no surprise given the stress of the day, but still he’s startled by just how heavy his muscles feel now he’s in bed. He’ll just lie down for a bit, just until the laundry’s done, then he’ll clear up. That should give him plenty of time before Naomi gets home.
Cas shrugs entirely unapologetically. “I liked how the light made you look.”
“Breathe with me Cas, okay? You can feel me breathing? Breathe with me.”
and duck his head back over his textbooks.
Cas sighs. “I don’t want you getting hurt either.” He leans forward and rests his forehead on Dean’s. “I don’t particularly enjoy stitching you back together.”
When they’re done, Cas bundles up the rubbish and carefully splits it between the nearby recycling and trash bins. Dean hooks him by the arm and walks them back across the grass to the suit shop. Maybe pushes Cas into a tree on the way and kisses the taste of coffee from his mouth.
Dean even takes the bag and carries it for him, slung over his shoulder.
After a moment Dean huffs a tiny breath. It’s not quite a laugh but he does loosen again, hands dropping back to his sides and back straightening, so Castiel thinks he must have done something right. After all his worries about being able to connect with his soulmate, after all the years of snide comments from his school peers, he can’t help but be relieved by that achievement, small as it is.
Their little friendship group expands through the first semester. Cas meets Balthazar in lectures and he’s quickly absorbed into their orbit. Meg likes him for his easy humour, for how his flirting rivals hers, and for how easily he can rile Dean up. Dean’s partnered with Charlie in a compulsory computing class, and they become instant best friends because of her Captain Marvel t-shirt. Other faces come and go, but somehow Dean and Cas remain at the centre of it, the point of gravity around which everyone else coalesces.
The clock flicks to midnight. The first fireworks burst into the sky. And Castiel’s suddenly overwhelmed with the strongest rush of his soulmate’s emotions that he’s ever felt. It’s warmth, excitement, fierce affection. It feels like.
, like Dean is the most immaculate being in all of creation, like he’s in awe of Dean down into his bones.
Dean breathes deeply and closes his eyes, cups the human reality of that scent in his heart and lets himself drift.
“Come on Cas, breathe with me okay? In through your nose, out through your mouth. C’mon sweetheart, focus on me now.”
More than that, no one
What’s
– and Meg is swept up in the warm normality that flows around the table in a comfortable, slow wave.
“Cas.” Dean’s fingers slip into Cas’ hair. “Cas, can I…”
Sam just nods absently, already eyes deep in his own book and sinking rapidly. Dean groans, shuffles deeper into his chair, rests his beer on the arm and tries to make his eyes focus on the printed page.
Dean’s hand fumbles at Cas’ collar, clings on with weak fingers. “Don’t want you getting hurt.”
Dean curves his arm over Cas’ shoulders and lets the road take them.
Then hands land on his shoulders.
“Hey Meg,” green eyes says, casual and smiling. “Cas texted he was bringin’ a friend. Said you’d want black coffee so me and Benny got you one. Hope that’s good.”
“Nn.”
what he must look like to that poor kid. Big guy, old boots, army jacket, two days’ stubble. He’s still got a scrape on his cheekbone and fading bruises on his knuckles from their last hunt. He doesn’t look all that different from the guy hounding them.
“You want pie for lunch?”
January 24
His chest constricts. His breath catches hard in his throat.
Somehow it’s that sameness that finally hammers the meaning of the change into his stunned mind. If his soulmark is active, then his soulmate is
care?” The man spits at him. “You a fuckin’ fag too?”
“Nah, that can be cool, to have roots like that.” Dean pushes his hands deeper into his pockets and his expression turns a little wistful. “I’ve never had that.”
The third time is in the back of the impala. Dean got blasted by some kind of ice spirit and even now it’s dead he’s shuddering, blue lipped and ashen, his bones freezing him from the inside out.
Sam snorts. “Only took you forty-one years, you want a longer definition of finally than that?”
Cas swallows, blinks. His eyes track up to meet Dean’s. He looks dazed, almost punch-drunk.
about this that doesn’t scream boyfriends. Castiel, for the love of fuck.”
“Isn’t that going to be expensive?” Cas asks.
“Yes.” Cas says, instant, sure. “But only at the end, so I can stay with you when you go.”
Castiel traces the edge of a wing with his fingertip. Turquoise-green-teal follows his touch, flowing over Dean’s skin like water.
“Here, look, Cas, look.”
Dean gets them safely into their room and deposits Cas onto the bed. He moves quickly then, pulling ridiculous fluffy bedsocks on Cas’ feet and taking his temperature with a thermometer that must be as old as the bunker. He seems satisfied with the result since his eyes loosen at the corners, and he doesn’t touch Cas’ forehead with the worried pressure that he did in the bathroom.
” Dean flaps his hands, shoulders tense even as he schools his face to casual. “He’s one of my dad’s friends. But, y’know, me and Sammy, we spent so much time with him as kids-“
Shuffling down on the pillows, he rolls onto his side and slips his sleeve up to show his mark. In the low light of his single bedside lamp the greens come across even richer and darker, so deep Castiel loses himself for a moment, mesmerised by the play of pine-emerald-fern-forest through each other. Despite the low ache in his stomach, the lingering tightness in his heart, watching the colours shift on his skin lights something warm and glowing in the centre of his chest. Perhaps he wasn’t ever expecting to have a strangely intimate long-distance brush with his soulmate’s heart. Definitely he’s still a little shaken and has no idea what he’s supposed to do now. But he’s certain that whatever comes next, he’s prepared for it.
He steps forward to follow Dean back out of their hideaway under the trees. As they cross the snow-covered grass and fall into step on the path, Castiel’s mind turns unstoppably back to that flash of clarity as he looked into Dean’s eyes. He’s not sure how intentional it was. Dean certainly doesn’t seem to want to talk about it, not from how quickly he closed it away again, but still. Cas knows it’s there now. It’s another facet of their connection waiting to bloom when Dean is ready for it. From that alone he already knows he would follow Dean anywhere.
“Dean.” Castiel presses his hand to Dean’s shoulder and Dean stutters to a halt.
School is close to intolerable. Castiel grits his teeth through the endless classes, pushing the siren call inside down, down, down. The harder he tries, the stronger the pull seems to get. By the time classes finally end and Castiel spills out of the building with the rest of the crowd he feels lightheaded from fighting it back.
“I’ll be okay,” Dean repeats.
Well that explains the tidiness of the room. It’s also apparently enough to shut Balthazar down again, since he just slumps in his seat and gestures helplessly.
Sam slumps even more. Palms his eye with the heel of his hand, shudders. The details make it real for Sam, Dean realises belatedly. At first, it was just a concept. A vast
he wants he
In the suit shop, Dean quickly pulls out a couple of black jackets and trousers that look right for their FBI jobs, all clean lines and understated detailing. The shop assistant flutters around him, batting her eyelashes, asking if he wants to try things on. Dean tunes her out, holds things up to Cas and asks him to rate them. Cas’ fashion preferences don’t extend past
they didn’t fuck last night.”
“Was happy just to say it out loud. Hell, he thought I didn’t…” Dean scrubs a hand over his face, “thought I would never feel that way.”
Meg meets Castiel in orientation week.
Dean shakes his head, turns enough to grab Castiel’s hand and pull it back to lay on his mark. The colours bloom again, the brightest thing this motel room has ever witnessed, lighting Castiel back up inside, and Dean shivers again.
Dean can’t help but sag at that. He slumps further down the wall, weighted down by the undeniability of that single fact. He’s always known it’s true, that no matter how much he might protest it’s been twisting him up inside since he was a kid, but that doesn’t make the taste of it being forced down his throat any less bitter.
“Nothing Sam, just leave it alone.”
“Take Balthazar with you for Christ’s sake, his laugh is like a fuckin’ hyena.”
“Some things.” Cas nods. “Being able to heal, being able to fly.” His eyes tense a little. “I don’t miss the pain of it, near the end. When my wings were broken and the grace in me wasn’t mine.”
He feels like he’s made of starlight. Like he’s glowing not just on his mark, but down in his bones.
The rest of the year is much like the previous. Dean and Cas don’t change. They’re still
Only when Cas has finished shuffling Dean into a worn set of pyjamas and has climbed back onto the bed next to him does Dean open his palm and let the vines of that want twine around his whole body. He turns and collapses gently onto Cas, arms coming up around Cas’ waist and pulling them together. Pushing his face into the soft cotton of Cas’ t-shirt, he leans his whole weight into Cas until Cas huffs under his breath and lets them fall backwards onto the mattress. Cas wraps his arm across Dean’s shoulders in turn and rolls them, pulling Dean with him until they’re lying how they always do when they first go to bed, how they always wake up every morning, face to face in the middle of the mattress, tucked close together with every limb tangled inextricably around each other. Cas’ free hand fumbles somewhere down near their knees to snag the duvet and blanket, pull the covers up over the two of them and hide them in a refuge of softness.
“Well, by definition we’re not,” Dean says, eyes dancing with two years of laughter over something that should have been as obvious as the sunrise. “Cause we’re husbands.”
he reasons to himself sternly.
“What? You… you’ve never…” He turns his head to stare at Dean with honest perplexity. “Since when?”
Cas groans a little, shudders against the porcelain, closes his eyes. Dean must decide that Cas has cooled down enough, because he sets about hauling him up out of the tub – an endeavour when Cas is as stable as cooked spaghetti – setting him down on a convenient chair that Cas is fairly sure was in the library last time he saw it, and towelling him down from head to toe. It mostly passes in a haze, Cas leaning his head on the tiled wall and trying feebly to lift limbs when Dean starts dressing him. Then Dean gets Cas’ arm around his shoulders and walks them down the corridor to their room.
“Dean,” Cas grits out into Dean’s shoulder, “Dean, please I-“
Not soulmarks themselves. Those are ubiquitous, everyone has one to guide them to their one perfect match whether that’s a sibling, a best friend, or a one true love. Some people even have more than one, lucky enough to be bonded in more than one way to more than one person down to the very soul.
He slips the cord back around his neck, but to Castiel’s relief he doesn’t tuck the pendant back under his clothes. He leaves it hanging against the fabric of his t-shirt, right where Castiel can see it. Castiel’s gaze lingers on it even as he pulls himself together and remembers that this was meant to be a reciprocal arrangement.
Cas tangles his fingers in Dean’s hair, drags him down to kiss him slow and soft and gentle. When they part he cards his fingers through the hair behind Dean’s ear, scrabbles down by his knee to pull the starry blanket up over Dean’s shoulders.
Nothing really happens though. He makes dinner – pizza – smacks Sam’s knuckles with his spatula when Sam tries to steal bits of pepperoni, almost lets the food burn when Cas shoves him into the counter and kisses him breathless.
“Head hurts.” He whispers, letting it drop heavily to rest on the rim of the bath. “Chest’s… weird. Ache. A lot.”
Castiel jerks his hand from his pocket and shrinks against the shelves.
“We got hitched the summer before college,” Dean says. Meg thinks her entire world might be shifting beneath her feet, because that was
The more brushes he has with his soulmate’s heart, the more convinced he is that it’s no one in this school. He’d been doubtful even before his mark had activated – not one of his school peers had ever sat right with him – but now he’s certain. Whenever he looks at his mark, or opens up that internal connection between them, the more he feels an unmistakable pull. It’s a hook buried in between his ribs, tugging him inexorably towards his one person, and it doesn’t urge him towards anyone here.
She mouths, eyes flicking to the door and widening in delight. Charlie glances over from her seat on the windowsill and frowns, but doesn’t comment.
Dean’s grin widens.
, Jesus, no I didn’t,” he rushes to say, hand making an abortive movement like he wanted to grab Castiel’s hand and squeeze it. The pressure in Castiel’s chest eases slightly.
know that answer to that question, not know that there was never a choice in this for Dean? But Sam’s face is genuinely confused, brows drawn close and mouth turned down at the corners, and something like hysteria flutters in the hollow carved under Dean’s ribs.
that had happened, heavy and horrifying, but too amorphous to really cut. The bleak specifics give it claws.
“You weren’t ashamed, were you?” Now Sam actually sounds like he’s going to cry. “Because I know- I know some of the hunters dad used to work with, dad too sometimes, they used to say some pretty awful things back then.”
That finally makes Cas look up. His eyes lock straight onto Dean’s and instantly soften, turning so warm and bright Meg can see it from the other side of the table. She’s never seen that expression warm Cas’ face for anyone but Dean, and for a brief, sour moment envy bubbles on the back of her tongue.
“But you know I
It strikes Castiel abruptly that Dean’s feeling shy. Of course, he should have realised sooner. Here they are, alone in Dean’s space, with no one to wonder what they’re up to, and Dean proposing taking his clothes off. Even more awkwardly, Castiel realises, the best place to sit for this is likely the edge of the bed, which adds a whole other layer of strange intimacy to the situation.
The quiet one just nods at Cas without answering and goes to walk away, but flag pin hangs back, pulling on his boyfriend’s hand.
Eventually it mostly just makes him want to rage at the universe. How is this fair? On either of them? They’re
Then he grabs Dean’s head and pulls them together.
It must show in his face because the guy cuts off mid-rant, blanches, steps back.
Castiel feels nothing but cold and frightened and alone.
He nods once.
Then something snaps and he drops back into his bed.
Dean has no idea who took it. Until he remembers Cas insisting on learning how to use the timer setting on his phone camera. For
“What, Sam?” He finally growls. “Has Dean bitten me somewhere visible again?”
“No, Dean, I mean you- you didn’t even really let yourself look at another man all those years. But with Cas you did, you let yourself fall in-“
“So, you from here Cas?” Dean asks as they walk. He glances over at Castiel and graces him with another one of those glorious glowing smiles that make Castiel feel as if he’s been punched in the chest. That with the heady rush he gets at another
,” he mutters to himself, angry at his own cowardice. “Just use the private browser, she’ll never know.”
didn’t sleep so well, Castiel,” Naomi replies eventually, her eyes dropping back to her newspaper. “Headache or not, you won’t be taking the day off school if your grammar needs that much correction.”
The motel sign has come into view further down the street when Dean finally lets out a long breath and his emotions slip back into focus. Nervousness. Determination. A faint undertow of dread that sets Castiel’s nerves on edge.
gets him a less overwhelming list of options. He clicks through a few websites without finding anything enlightening, but he strikes gold with his fourth pick. It’s a recent article from a scientific journal analysing unusual soul bonds. The first few sections focus mainly on colour interpretation, but fourth delves into activations that are out of the ordinary. The third paragraph draws Castiel’s eye immediately.
Cas sighs, considers.
Dean’s voice sounds somewhere in the distance. Cas gasps helplessly, sucking at air that won’t reach his lungs. Somewhere outside his body someone grabs him, pulls him upright, bends him forward so his arms hang between his knees, his head rests on something soft and yielding that feels like-
Cas rolls over to look at him, so bright and beautiful in the lamplight. “You bought me
Cas’ hand jerks away, and Dean sucks desperate air in through his teeth, forces himself to look down.
That’s enough to jar Castiel out of his spiral into melancholy. If Dean’s father isn’t here, is never here, then the implications for Dean’s living situation crawl under his skin.
Marv’s watery eyes are probing, and Naomi’s only a scant two steps past him, so Castiel summons up the blandest smile he can.
He hisses, triumphant.
“Holy fuck,” the boy mutters and that’s so unexpected that Castiel snorts an inelegant laugh. To Castiel’s relief that melts the strange frozen moment and the other boy laughs too. His shoulders relax and he shakes his head, turning his face away to hide a smile. The shared fear bubbling in the base of Castiel’s stomach dissipates and he breathes out slow relief.
Castiel doesn’t feel much like eating. Even knowing he’s alone, free from Naomi’s prying eyes, his stomach twinges enough with the aftershocks of stress to destroy any appetite he might have had. Still, once his laundry is sorted and the washing machine is running, he heats up the leftover fish Naomi pointed out, puts some green beans on the side. Letting her come home to find he hasn’t eaten at all would just be asking for trouble.
“I know you won’t.”
arching his back. His face is suddenly open and vulnerable, a lifetime of weariness washed away by his surge of pleasure. He looks so fucking beautiful like this. Dean wishes he could look so soft forever, all his cares wiped clean.
Dean lets the words sink into his skin like a balm, mingling with the lingering high still running in his blood. Against his nose Cas’ skin is warm, smelling now of sweat and sex and the barest hint of that citrussy shower gel,
“I know.” It could be mocking, the echo of Dean’s own words. Instead it’s just soft. Patient.
Sam’s fingers touch lightly on Dean’s elbow again.
it’s. It’s.
Cas is dying. He has to be dying. He can’t
Dean.
“No.” She finally replies, abrupt. “Come straight home.”
“I know.” Cas closes his hand over Dean’s on the hilt. “But that’s not
Dean closes his eyes. Their room is a bubble of gentle quiet, the only counterpoint to the silence the low tempo of their breathing. Dean focuses on matching their breath. He counts the beats of each inhale and exhale until they’re in perfect rhythm, automatically follows when Cas’ breathing slows and lengthens as he dips into sleep. The hypnotic chant fills his head, tamping down the hissing whispers snaking up from his memory.
Before Castiel can gather his errant thoughts back together, Dean drops to sit beside him, close enough to bump their knees.
Dean’s eyes open slowly and he winces, mouth pulling tight at the corners. “Didn’t fall over.”
Does that mean. It can’t. Not if they’re meant to. But.
And it feels – Cas feels.
, what the fuck. Next to her Charlie is shaking with silent laughter, hand pressed tight over her face. Balthazar is staring, mouth and eyes matching circles of shock. In the back of the booth Benny is just smiling, knowing and satisfied.
“I’ll- I’ll call the fuckin’ police, you attacked-“
“Seriously?” Dean shakes his head. “Everyone round here must be goddamn blind then, cause they really, really are, dude.” He pauses, chewing his lip, flicks a glance up and down Castiel, mumbles awkwardly, “actually all of you kind of is.”
How Cas will wrap his arms around Dean’s neck to pull him close, kiss his throat and run his fingers down from ear to collarbone all the time, but any time Cas has him against a wall he never touches Dean’s neck at all.
“Dean.” Sam clings on grimly. “We promised, remember? No more lying to each other. And this, this is really important. You’re not telling me something huge, I know it.”
It’s that fear more than anything that makes Cas focus, makes him try.
This shouldn’t be happening to him. This is trashy romance novel nonsense. But still, here it is. Here’s his soulmate’s fragile presence under his ribs, nowhere near him but somehow still caring that Castiel’s in the smallest amount of pain, bright and undeniable and
Sam mostly leaves them to it, but he smiles at Dean when they pass in the corridor, pulls grilled cheese for all of them out of nowhere around lunchtime, brings Dean a beer in the late afternoon, near the end of the second Led Zeppelin record Dean’s put on.
guy, and it’ll knock the shine right out of him for days.
“I.” Castiel swallows, licks his dry lips. “It’s.” He can’t begin to describe what looking at Dean’s mark makes him feel. It’s so much bigger than he expected, so much richer in detail and colour. Though his own mark is vibrant, it’s another thing entirely to see a soulmark on this scale. It’s astonishing. Breathtaking.
naked, it’s not fair, it shouldn’t be
Cas laughs, deep and a little rough. His fingers twine through Dean’s and he presses a kiss to Dean’s knuckles.
for being in pain… he can’t fathom what could bring someone to the point where
breathe?
“Yeah, maybe,” he admits, and the smile that Cas gives him sends fireworks shooting up from his toes to the top of his head.
He ducks away quickly, slipping into the refuge of their customary pew at Naomi’s side and busying himself with the hymn book to avoid looking anyone in the eye. Mercifully they’re among the last to arrive, so it’s only a couple of minutes before Marv takes up position at the front of the congregation and begins his sermon.
Meg eyes him, but she can’t detect anything but honesty in his open expression. She almost wants to push it further even with Dean right there, but then Cas appears, lowering himself onto the bench with a lot more grace than Dean bothered with, so she sighs and lets it drop.
Icy water cascades over Cas’ head and he flails up into gasping consciousness.
Dean blinks owlishly at him. Cas can feel his eyes following him as he hurries across the motel room to Dean’s bag, dumped at the end of the bed. He pulls out the first aid kit – a large one, definitely not straight from the pharmacy shelf – hesitates, snags the whiskey from the table by the window as he heads back to the bathroom.
“Yes, that seems sensible, if that’s what you want.” He tries for a light tone to ease the tension across Dean’s shoulders, but Dean stays taut. At first Castiel can’t get a read on why, the nervousness he feels from Dean a nebulous fug thick enough to choke on. Then Castiel realises he’s still lingering by the door, so barely into the room itself that if he were Dean he’d be worried Cas was about to cut and run. So he walks deliberately further into the room, shuffling out of his coat and draping it carefully over the free chair back. He fiddles with it for a moment, smoothing an imaginary crease, before screwing his courage up and turning to look back at Dean with a smile.
“We figured we know what we want, what’s the point in waiting?” Dean glances down at Cas and Cas grins back up at him, eyes crinkling. Balthazar mouths noiselessly.
Dean laughs weakly and puts a hand over his eyes. Cas’ thumb soothes over the ridge of his shoulder.
Triumphant, she shoves the door the rest of the way open and slaps on the light.
Dean’s heart thumps too hard, too much against his ribs.
“Hi sweetie, what can I do for you today?” She’s looking at him oddly intently and it throws Cas off his already tenuous grasp of human social interaction.
Castiel still makes a point to stay up till midnight every year. He’ll fetch himself a hot drink and curl up on his wide windowsill, blanket tucked around him, and count down the minutes until fireworks light up the dark. Under their flash and fade, he’ll let himself make his one self-indulgent wish of the year.
“Five stitches probably. You want the whiskey?”
Sam stops. His eyes go huge. Dean can literally see a realisation surfacing across his face in a bloom of horror. When he speaks, it’s like his voice is coming from a long way away.
Dean lifts his hips up impatiently. Cas wrestles Dean’s jeans down Dean’s thighs, scrabbles at them inelegantly to get them further off without breaking the kiss until they stick on Dean’s knees and he pulls away, growling in frustration. Cas turns and pushes Dean’s jeans down until they won’t go any further, piled up around Dean’s ankles, on top of his boots. Cas curses under his breath.
motel at the moment. Every place he drags us to it’s another one.” He sighs, rubs his elbow, face rueful, gazes up at the drab motel façade across the carpark with its battered, snow-stained doors.
“It’s organic cotton Dean,” he says, delighted by reading the care label like the weirdo he is.
leans over the sofa arm to hug Cas, who doesn’t even bother to sit up from his boneless sprawl over most of Dean’s body to respond, comes around the sofa to hug Dean from behind. Dean signs a clumsy “hi, welcome home” as she leaves the room, and she grins at him like he lit the sun.
It burns like napalm in his heart.
It’s not that he hasn’t been enjoying it, but… it’s as if Dean is setting out to make Cas happy in every way he can think of, no matter how minuscule, and Cas has no clue why this day in particular has brought this on.
most days, but he does know a decent suit when he sees one.
There’s a pause. Cas pushes another stitch through. Dean’s body stays perfectly still, letting the stitch glide into place just as Cas wants, but his leg jerks, heel knocking off the floor.
Charlie just rolls her eyes and shakes her head, something like amusement tugging at her lips.
Cas rests his head on Dean’s shoulder with a sigh. Dean looks up at Meg and shrugs.
He goes to stand up, but Cas grabs his cuff and holds him still.
“New phone background?”
They’re sat on baby’s bonnet, parked in the middle of nowhere late at night, halfway back to the bunker. Dean pulls some beers out of the cooler, leans against Cas’ side and asks him to tell him about the stars.
“Did you want a woman?” He asks carefully. He tries to keep his voice even but despite his best efforts a crack creeps in on the last word. He clamps his mouth shut and wipes his face blank, stamping down the tendril of despair rooting at the back of his throat. If Dean says yes to that he’s not going to let him know just how much it will hurt him.
Dean doesn’t reply. He pulls Cas harder into him, tucks his face into Cas’ neck. He runs his thumb up and down Cas’ stomach under their joined hands. Cas leans his full weight onto Dean and tips his head back to rest on his shoulder. They sit for a while, bathed in the dim, soft light and each other.
Warmth flutters in his chest as he opens his messages and taps Naomi’s name. She’s the top name on a list of all of two recently contacted people. The other one is Michael, the last message from him a terse greeting from all the way back on Christmas morning. It occurs to Castiel in a brief squirm of discomfort that Dean can see this too, that he might think it’s strange so Castiel himself must be strange, but he doesn’t get so much as a glimmer of that through their bond. Dean just leans closer as Castiel considers what to write, as though irresistibly drawn towards him. By the time Castiel has decided on his cover story for Naomi, Dean’s hooked his chin on Castiel’s shoulder and is watching him type. It should be intrusive, uncomfortable, but Castiel finds he doesn’t mind it. It’s just another thing that feels right, normal, easy to share.
Meg can’t help but be envious, but it’s a warm kind of envy. One that’s just a facet of a genuine delight for her friends being happy.
but they hold hands and stare at each other longingly, and touch each other
His stomach dips and lurches, ribs tighten like a vice. For a horrifying moment he can’t breathe, lungs spasming. And then his chest floods with a longing so hot and desperate he feels as if he’s been set on fire.
Cas doesn’t rise to it. He just goes back to talking about the labs as if she’d said nothing at all.
“You fuckin’ fag bastard, I’m gonna-“
Somehow, though, this new hurt feels like that memory replaying itself. An echo of it in his muscles rather than a real hurt.
He lands bracketed in Cas’ knees, Cas’ arms coming up around him and hands splaying over his lower back. Cas pulls Dean down hard, pushes his own hips up and Dean hisses between his teeth at the pressure. The denim of Cas’ jeans is rough on Dean’s bare flesh, sparking lightning through his belly, and it’s not enough, not enough. Dean drops his face close to Cas, bumps their noses together.
Cas summons some energy from god knows what reserve inside and drags up a shaking hand to Dean’s cheek.
The kid’s eyes go round and amazed. His boyfriend finally manages to drag him off after him, but he looks back over his shoulder several times before he properly turns away.
“We met in kindergarten,” Cas clarifies in his serious way, and Dean grins even wider as he sits forward to snag one of the black coffees and hand it to Castiel.
he knows that but he
He’s started doing it
For a crystalline moment that’s all either of them do. Castiel isn’t sure the other boy is breathing at all. He’s not sure
to think about it if the rest of the world weren’t focused on soul bonds to the point of obsession. They’re everywhere: in movies, in songs, in newspaper and magazine advertisements. Almost every ad Castiel has seen online has a shoehorned in soulmate couple hawking the product with plastered on smiles and colourful marks somewhere highly visible.
He bundles Cas up in blankets, cajoles him into drinking some water and eating a few mouthfuls of soup. It tastes homemade, all mild chicken broth and vegetables that Cas likes. Cas squints at Dean over the rim of the bowl, wonders how Dean managed to cook soup when his hands are shaking too hard to hide and he keeps rubbing his hand over his face to keep himself awake.
By the time he’s sixteen his imaginings have taken on a life of their own, always coming back around to the same things. No matter if he starts off contemplating dark skin and braided black hair, or soft brown eyes and artistic fingers, he always slips back to freckles, wayward brown hair, callused hands that know how to work hard, a muscled arm around his shoulders. Even the notion of words breathed into his ear at some point unconsciously morphed itself from declarations of love into shared jokes bringing the warm bubble of laughter into his chest. Sometimes he even conjures up the smell of motor oil and leather so clearly in his mind that he finds himself sniffing for its ghost in the scent of fabric conditioner on his sheets.
Castiel almost apologises on reflex.
“Yes, everyone in my family has been born in this town for generations,” Cas replies. “I’ve never even left the state. It’s not very interesting I’m afraid.”
“Well, she was right.” Dean blushes furiously, beautifully. “They do go with your eyes.”
All aboard for awkwardtown, population my idiot boys.
Then the shutters go back down and Dean turns his head away.
Cas shudders bodily, eyes closing. “I know.” His voice is rough. “I thought I was going to lose you. Again.”
” Sam’s voice is barely more than a breath. His hands clench around Dean’s arms. “No, Dean, tell me that’s not-“
like that first time. That had been a tsunami, overwhelming and inescapable. This is tentative. Wavering in and out of existence. The brief flashes of it Castiel can grab onto feel like
“Maybe single knots next time?” Cas suggests into the angle of Dean’s jaw.
Dean’s suddenly next to him, so unexpectedly close that Cas jumps. Dean grabs Cas’ hand and immediately strides for the street where they left the car.
be there for them no matter what. And he has no way to tell them any of it.
They eat at one of the tables outside. Dean takes his outer shirt off, grumbling about the heat, and Cas watches the muscles in Dean’s arms move as he eats, shades his eyes from the sun, swirls his coffee.
Dean curls convulsively forward. They had. He remembers that. Most of their faces are a blur in his recollection, but the words are still needle-sharp under his skin.
As easy as it is already to fall into liking Dean, trusting him, ten minutes into their actual acquaintance doesn’t seem like the most appropriate moment to delve into exactly who and what Naomi chooses to be.
“Hello Castiel.”
, there’s something about him that could turn her inside out with a well-placed smile if she let him.
He sounds so entirely
Dean leans forward and puts his beer down by baby’s wheel. Then he straightens, twists around to grab Cas by the shoulders and push him flat on the bonnet. He cradles the back of Cas’ head in one hand, leans over him.
Cas realises suddenly that she’s trying to flirt with him.
Meg’s eyebrows nearly meet her hairline.
“Why do you always have to throw yourself in front of knives, Dean?” Cas douses the wound with disinfectant. Dean jerks, eyes rolling up a little. As Cas dabs the wound dry with cotton wool, Dean glances down at it.
Sam understands though. Mind-reading freak when it’s Dean’s mind laid open, Sam
Dean snorts, a laugh bubbling up in his stomach, blending with the whiskey to set a warm, happy hum thrumming through his bones.
Around late April, Dean’s dad comes to visit.
He can feel Sam looking down at him. Dean studiously stares into the cupboard where he’s supposedly trying to find the flour. It’s behind the sugar on the bottom shelf, Dean knows where every last ingredient is in his kitchen, but he’ll be damned if he turns and looks at Sam right now.
So instead he just pulls Cas in closer, hugs himself harder into Cas’ chest, mumbles Cas’ name once into the warm, dark space between them. He’ll never have the right words, but sometimes he thinks Cas’ name alone is enough to say everything that he means.
Naomi doesn’t hold with much music – a bad influence, all that hideous cacophony in the charts – but she does allow classical and opera. She thinks that’s educational.
Dean hisses a little. His body jerks with the imagined pain of it, the unceasing, grinding agony. “For how long?”
He’s so consumed by his spiralling thoughts that it takes him a moment to register that his feet have stopped walking of their own accord. The hook in his heart isn’t tugging him forward any more. Now it’s pulling down, rooting him in place. The command to
Dean skulks down in his own chair, frowns at his beer. His chest tightens in a mirror of the sudden vice grip his hand has on the table edge, caught between the big brother instinct that’s desperate to set Sam’s smug face straight, and a lifetime of pushing
So that’s why two nights later finds her jimmying the lock on Dean and Cas’ apartment door, Balthazar an impatiently fidgeting presence at her back.
The fact that this chapter is mostly set in a library makes it okay that I wrote it instead of doing my actual job as a librarian right? Definitely how that works.
But Cas wouldn’t be Cas if he made things that easy. No, the bastard always has to do things the hard way. Make Dean face up to things he’d rather not. Make Dean deal with whatever the hell this is at the worst possible moments he can find.
Cas slips his hand down and wraps it around Dean, and Dean’s train of thought derails somewhere between Cas’ fingers and the nip of Cas’ teeth on the pulse point of Dean’s neck. Cas twists his wrist just so and Dean has to fight to hold himself up, arm shaking so hard the mattress trembles under them. He tries to focus through the tension building in his stomach, the narrowing of his perception down to the single point of Cas’ hand dragging him closer and closer to the edge, to concentrate instead on his own hand, on making Cas feel good.
On the road, Dean puts Cas’ mixtape on, rolls the windows down so the warm wind buffets their hair. He holds Cas’ hand on the seat and looks over at him every few minutes, corner of his mouth pulling up in a smile. The sunlight glows around him, highlighting his freckles and scattering motes of gold in his green eyes. Cas could look at him forever.
But, of course, that isn’t always enough to save him.
The corridor sways a little in front of Dean’s eyes as they walk, and he nearly trips on his own boots. He scrubs his hand over his face. Maybe he’s a little drunker than he thought, too much whiskey on too little sleep, too much of Cas intoxicating him with fingers in his hair, sliding into his waistband. A tiny alarm bell dings briefly in the back of his head, maybe slow down, maybe stop.
When they finally make it over and slump together on the free side of the booth, Balthazar barely lets them drink a sip of their coffees before launching in. Dean is already talking to Benny, so he aims for Castiel as his first target.
Dean knows where
Cas stares up at them, taking in the delicate curl of the leaves, the blue bloom of the flowers. When he reaches up and touches one with a fingertip, the petals curl softly around his fingers.
“You don’t… you don’t have to apologise for being hurt,” Castiel whispers, horrified. For all the good it won’t do alone in his room, he still can’t help himself. For them to be
“Dean, I have literally never seen you try and flirt with a man.” Sam stops, tilts his head, amends his bitchface to a subtly different variety. “Other than Cas I mean, and I’m fairly certain that wasn’t on purpose. At first.”
Castiel blinks for a long second before the depths of his memory supply the right connection. His blank expression must be a sight because Dean’s face cracks into another of his wide grins, and even after understanding dawns and Castiel nods, Dean’s eyes stay bright and sparkling with amusement.
Except. In a way, he can. All the times he’s apologised to Naomi for expressing an opinion she didn’t approve of, for doing something he didn’t know he wasn’t supposed to do, apologised even after she deprived him of meals or meted out some other punishment just for daring to show a flicker of a personality that didn’t match her expectations… it’s only a small step from that to where his soulmate is.
For some reason Dean suddenly finds it incredibly hard to focus on research.
No. One glance is enough to prove that wrong. Every person in the pews is familiar. There’s no new face to match the call inside him. They’re not, can’t be here.
For the second time today Meg’s smacked in the face with breathtaking levels of pretty. She thought Cas was unfairly lovely, but somehow this one matches him, wayward brown hair and cheekbones and freckles and eyes that under the bright café lights are green, green,
Dean’s heart feels like it might swell and burst his chest. His throat burns fiercely and his breath snags, tripping on the sudden ache in his lungs.
Several metres ahead Dean is striding forward like he doesn’t even feel the chill, steps easy and confident on the slippery ground. Cas glances up at his back. He can see the tension lining Dean’s shoulders even from here, the stiff set of his back. The way he’s holding his shotgun, across his chest instead of slung easily on his shoulder.
“Cas?” His mouth quirks up into a smirk as Cas startles.
“Yes, but…” Cas glances back at the flowers. “I didn’t say I wanted those ones.”
“You okay?” He stills instantly, curls his hand around the back of Cas’ neck. The liquid glow inside him freezes into crystalline fragility.
look. “It has to have you in it.”
Finally the cooling mess between their stomachs tips over from ignorable to honestly kind of gross and Dean shakes his head, pushes up from their comfortable tangle.
It’s that last thought that shakes Castiel out of his daze. He’s up on his feet before he can really think, staggering out of his tucked away corner and into the wider library. Some sense of self-preservation keeps him from throwing himself out into the glare of the public eye. He doesn’t want to end up getting tossed out of the library for acting like a drunk madman, flinging himself at anyone who looks even a little like they’re searching for someone. Apart from anything else, that would be the worst first impression to make on the person who’s meant to be the love of his life.
Dean takes his time making his way back up Cas’ body. There’s a familiarity to the lines of him now that’s exhilarating. His hands know the shape of him, know where to touch to make him gasp and shiver. So he kisses his way up Cas’ shin, licks lightly into the back of Cas’ knee just because he knows Cas is ticklish, buries his smile in Cas’ thigh as Cas flinches and huffs. By the time he reaches Cas’ hips Cas is trembling finely all over, hands twitching at Dean’s hair, his shoulders.
It’s good from the start, of course it is, it’s
“Pass the salt will you?”
? There’s no way, it’s not possible they didn’t feel the soulbond activating. It was, it was so… It was.
There’s a formalwear shop on a corner opposite a park. Dean buys them toasted sandwiches and coffee from a café, plus a boxed salad that Cas guilts him into, lets Cas drag him round the park for five minutes to find the perfect spot on the grass by the pond to eat their lunch. Cas feeds bits of the shredded lettuce and sweetcorn from the salad to the ducks, doesn’t actually eat any himself.
“To-“ Sam’s grip on Dean loosens. “Dad didn’t- and you… You had to?” Sam says blankly.
Dean doesn’t look up, eyes focused on his own hands. He’s frowning, eyes still tight and angry at the corners, but his fingers are gentle as he tucks the scarf ends into Cas’ coat.
Then it ebbs and he’s left clinging to the shelves to stay upright, gasping and nauseated, his chest empty of every emotion but his own confusion.
“Nice try Meg, but Sammy’s too smart to fall for your wiles.” Dean ruffles Sam’s hair and Sam smacks him with his book. “He knows as well as I do that Cas ain’t my boyfriend.”
Then Dean pushes the motel door open, turns and gestures Castiel towards him with a smile that derails every thought in his head.
The boys look up as he approaches almost at a run and one of them’s face falls a tiny bit more at the sight of him. Dean’s feels that shift of expression hit him hard in the middle of his chest, because he
Cas lets her down carefully, which she’s not really surprised by, but the way he does it sure does give her pause.
“Cas,” he breathes, and Cas runs his knuckles back up slowly and deliberately.
“Cas, I-“ He swallows. “You know I’m bad at this. Fuck, I’m bad at this. But.” He touches his fingertips softly to the curve of Cas’ lower lip. “I- I just- thank you. For- for letting me chose. For waiting for me. For sticking with me after… even though I, after everything I-“
“I promise.” He smiles oh so faintly, turns back to watch the grace swirl gently against the glass. “I just like to be near this sometimes. It’s nice to have it close.”
When Cas wakes, there’s two small plants on the bedside table. One bluebell and one borage.
“You can’t… you can’t say things like, like…” Dean screws his eyes shut and gasps raggedly against the razorblade slice of Cas’ affection across his heart. “You can’t love me like you fucking
“There were a few times… a few guys who tried to- to get rough.” One particular memory splashes itself across his mind’s eye in burning technicolour and Dean’s spine stiffens involuntarily. “I knew what I was getting myself into. Kept a knife in my jacket. Gun in the back of my jeans sometimes.”
“Sure did,” he says, bright eyed. “Cas ain’t managed to get rid of me yet. Not for lack of trying.”
Dean hasn’t made a sound, but Cas still looks up. He’s smiling until his eyes fix on Dean’s face. Then the smile slips instantly, concern overwriting his features.
“Hey Sam,” Meg grins, conspiratorial and jerks a thumb at where Cas is leaning on Dean while they wait to be served. “You grew up with those two dumbasses. So spill, have they always been this sickeningly into each other?”
Dean blinks, slightly startled, but before he can even start to process that Cas kisses him again, hard and pointed as though he’s reinforcing his words with it.
Pressing Dean down on to the bed, Cas lowers himself to sit beside him. He angles himself into Dean, close enough their knees bump, takes Dean’s hands and holds them wrapped in his own on his lap.
And his arm hurts. His wrist throbs, his shoulder spasms pain down the length of his back.
He murmurs. “
“Yes.” He finally whispers in response. “Yes, that one’s good.”
with the vial of his grace pressed into Dean’s palm and
He doesn’t want to ask, but still he has to know.
open up to Castiel. That Cas is safe.
Dean sits up at that, leans forward to rest his forehead on Cas’ back and wrap his arms around his waist. Cas settles against him, placing his hands atop Dean’s so his grace is tucked between his palms and the back of Dean’s hands.
Cas melts into him as readily as he did the ice cream, like Dean’s the sweetest thing he’s ever tasted. His fingers slide up Dean’s chest, twist into his collar. Dean curls his hand around Cas’ elbow, his jaw, tilts his head a little more for that perfect angle, lets the warm slide of Cas’ tongue crowd every other thought out of his mind.
so he picks them up in his own size.
“There’s no way,” Balthazar declares at brunch the next morning, his double espresso a baton conducting his announcement, “there’s no fucking
He thinks it might feel like this.
Can’t help but wish the romcoms were true.
“Yeah.” He forces out. “Yeah, I’ll. Yeah.”
If it were any other day Castiel would indulge in staring for at least a little longer. As it is, it’s Sunday and he has maybe three minutes before Naomi starts harrying him to get downstairs before they’re late for church. Church on Sundays is the inviolable law. The only time she let Castiel miss it he was too weak from the flu to stand, and he still strongly suspects that if he’d been able to stagger she would have dragged him there. Castiel is entirely certain that Naomi only attends to keep up her carefully constructed social image and position, not out of any particular piety. If anything is holy to Naomi, it’s the family honour.
He only registers Dean has sat down on the bed next to him when Dean turns the bedside lamp on and leans down and to kiss him on the shoulder.
