"I told him. About the demon. It's not safe here for him." Castiel nods but his eyes fill with concern. Probably wondering how much else Dean has told him. There’s no time to ask about it, however. They need to move.
He peers up under his eyelashes, watching as Dean finally shrugs his off and quickly disposes of his doublet after, leaving only tan, muscled skin before him and gods, he’s perfect. What he would give to press close and breathe him in.
Castiel huffs, something tight and hot clenching inside of him. “How would you know that? You never asked.”
Slowly again, she reaches out and rests the pads of her fingers on his wrist. Castiel stares at where they touch – skin on skin. Her fingers curl around him just below where his skin is red and raw and with her other hand grabs a cloth from her basket. The press of the wet cloth stings but he doesn’t show any pain.
It’s about an hour before Seb and Brady finally let him leave and head back to his dorm. When he does he slumps down on his bed and pulls his phone out. He bites his lip, pondering a moment what he should say before he settles for something simple.
Castiel is waiting in the exact same place he was on Monday, on the steps outside Dean’s dorm building. He’s in ripped jeans that hug him in all the right places paired with those same damn combat boots and that same damn black jacket he always wears. Not that Dean can complain. Because he looks really fucking hot and Dean wishes that they were on a real date and that whatever this is they’re doing didn’t have an expiration date.
He scales the stone as fast as he ever has, hand almost slipping as he does and a quick glance below him shows guards rushing out onto the balcony to look for an intruder just as he pulls himself onto the roof. It’s not the best position to have – guards from the courtyard and inner gate could clearly see him in the light of the moon if they looked carefully. But it’s better than nothing.
.” Castiel almost shouts, gritting his teeth to hold himself back. “I have no way of proving this to you, Dean, okay? So, you’ll just have to trust me.” Dean runs a frustrated hand over his face, shaking his head. They sit in silence for a minute or so, Dean fiddling with the knife once more.
It couldn’t get worse until Dean ducks his head to catch Castiel’s eyes and asks, “Are you okay?” His fingers are still tauntingly brushing up and down the inside of his wrist.
Castiel stands before Dean, hoping that he may get something before they turn in but Dean doesn’t even look at him, passing by and grabbing the chair at the end of the table and jamming it up against the door handle.
Hope rises in his chest and he knows that if he’s wrong, it will crush him. There’s no going back from this.
He only stands there a moment, however, for his feet are carrying him towards the living room before he knows it and he watches from the hall as Eve introduces Castiel to Deanna and Gwen – Eve’s arm still curled around Castiel’s own. Both Gwen and Deanna pull Castiel in for a hug, Deanna placing a small kiss on his cheek before she tells Eve, “Oh, he’s so handsome,” and Dean finds himself turning as they all share a laugh, swiftly stepping into the bathroom and slamming the door shut behind him.
--” he says, sarcasm dripping from his tone, ‘--in the royal castle is something to get used to.” Catharlo almost opens his mouth to respond in the negative – that was definitely not why he was staring – but realises it’s probably for the best.
Dimarus has continued to order men out of the castle in search of Castiel and his allies but to no avail whilst at the address, the king announced that Castiel and his men had been slain by his guard when the princes were rescued. Dean was not surprised to hear the lie. Not only did they not want the citizens to panic knowing Castiel and his allies are still on the loose but also it would be humiliating for their kingdom if it was known they were unable to apprehend a few men.
So, he moves on to his own training and of his mission. He does not tell her of the brutality, of his brother, or of that scar on his wrist because it’s surely too much already. But it’s only the beginning.
He doesn’t know what to do. His hands sit limply in his lap, the occasional tremor running through them. He clenches them hard and closes his eyes.
"After the war," Dean says and Castiel can see Charlie opening her mouth to retort but he shakes his head. Her eyes narrow but she doesn't say anything. He doesn't want to get into that now. Dean's already digesting too much.
He doesn’t bother with greetings, launching into what he wants to speak to Dean about. “I don’t want you going alone with your guard so I will be sending additional guards for your protection.” Dean almost retorts – Castiel isn’t a threat to him anymore – but his mind catches up with the rest of his father’s words and he feels something swell inside his chest. He thinks it might be joy. Because his father actually cares anough about his safety to send additional guards. Or maybe because it’s today. The anniversary of the day that his father finally told him that his mother had gone missing two nights before. That she wasn’t busy yesterday – what Dean had been told when he had asked – but gone. That
“What’s up, Novak?” Dean says, eyes flicking up for a moment to make sure no one’s watching – not wanting to stir up any more rumours.
Adri grips her hand tightly, curled into her side but he doesn’t weep, though his eyes are wet. He’s always been that way. Just like his mother and father. It’s what Kyra would have wanted. Adri to meet his people. His own wings are not much bigger than those of a butterfly. She wants him to see all kinds, large and small, different colours. She wants him to feel free.
It is all he has prepared for. For the last decade. For half his life. To take his army into battle. It was hard enough the first time. But it turned out they were not facing a demon at all.
His breath has begun to come faster now and he raises his eyes to the moving street around him – to a lady exiting the shop a few buildings down, most likely heading home for the day. Her skin is dark and he sees the edge of a smile when she turns her face to wish someone in the shop a good night. Then she tugs the shawl tighter around her shoulders and--
Finally, that warm smile of Dean’s re-emerges. “Hermana, this is my new guard, Castiel. Castiel this is the head cook, Hermana.” The woman smiles, her freckled face kind and sincere.
Dean swallows, brushing a hand through Sam’s dirty hair. And he’s about to open his mouth when Sam beats him to it, voice small.
Castiel lets himself be dragged along, all the while distinctly aware of the warmth emanating from Dean's hand. When they do get to the first panel, he starts to think that maybe it was a bad idea to bring Dean along - he can't concentrate one bit on what the author is saying with Dean's arm around him.
“It’s just - it’s just that you’re an amazing, beautiful and talented guy whom literally millions of people would throw themselves at and then there’s me. A - a socially inept, awkward and a dorky looking guy who just somehow lucked my way into a relationship with you and it’s not fair to you.” Castiel’s rambling now, his eyes focused on the ground again and he misses the way Dean’s eyes go wide and his mouth slightly parts, looking at Castiel like he’s crazy.
Now, after four hours of laughs and far too many loud voices, it’s time to head home. The ladies get up first, each individually wishing him a happy birthday before smooching him on the cheek, whilst the others laugh at Adam’s drunk “You’re not the one’s he wants kisses from!”
Remember to check my AO3 profile page if you are ever interested in updates on how the editing is coming along! Much love, as always ♥
“There was an angel girl, only young. She was only trying to help some of the guards that were wounded, to thank them for what they’d done. And for it, they tried to force themselves upon her.” V’s eyes harden, that sadness now replaced with anger and Dean’s chest pulls tight. Across the table, there’s a slight flicker in Castiel’s eyes. Dean almost reaches towards him but restrains himself.
Dean eventually settles on another of Castiel's favourites, We Are The Ants by Shaun David Hutchinson.
Dean pulls out onto the road in silence, knowing Castiel doesn’t want to talk right now – not with the way he’s curled away from him, trying to hide the trembling of his shoulders from Dean.
A perfect night is followed by a perfect day. Almost as if the world is mocking them. Or setting the stage. Or saying goodbye with one final perfect day.
They’ve warmed down and stretched thoroughly and everyone is waddling back over to the stands to pack up and leave after a hard session. Everyone of course but Dean who walks straight over to where he sits in the grass, usual clipboard in lap.
The new one and left handed one are positioned to the left of the door. The other two – to the right. If Castiel jumps down on the guards to the right of the door, the left handed will have to unsheathe his sword in the opposite direction of where Castiel will be and the new one, well, he can be handled fine. Then it just leaves the two that went inside. Castiel assumes they will lead first and let the other guards follow. Then if he finishes the guards – he can take down the last two, grab the chest and head towards the main street. It should all be over in under two minutes.
But the food does come and Castiel feels that tightening in his stomach and his hands won’t move from his lap.
But Castiel only shrugs, and says, “I’m not sure. What would you prefer?” He’s squinting in the sun, hands now on his hips, long sleeve shirt just a little too short on him and Dean can only stare, nodding to himself before he realises it wasn’t a yes or no question.
Castiel sighs beside him, eyes slipping closed before he begins to wander back towards the camp through the trees. Dean follows after, finally feeling the weight of his exhaustion. He’s already weak from dying but after everything… Facing the demon, facing Castiel…revealing the truth to them all.
Castiel huffs. "That's my cue," he says to Dean, before unclipping his seatbelt and grabbing the movie from his own backpack. Dean watches Castiel get the DVD out of its case whilst trying to calm himself down. That plan fails when Castiel leans slightly up on his tippy toes to reach the overhead DVD player and his shirt rides up to reveal sharp hipbones and smooth tanned skin. Not to mention the dark trail that disappears into his shorts.
Nicolaus and Salicar and there are others he knows as well, men that served in his own castle. He has to say that it was a smart move. There would be no army so readily available or so easily convinced than this one. The one that fled their own castle, not willing to be defeated or surrender to those they hated.
He’s not quite sure what that’s about either. Castiel certainly hasn’t had a problem staring him down before. He frowns, looking back towards the castle and trots on.
Castiel’s tried to stay distracted the whole day. Luckily for him it’s a Saturday so he was able to sleep in for as long as he wanted. He then decided to clean his entire house which proved to be very effective as it took up most of the day. It’s now 8pm and he’s finally finished, resigned to his couch to watch Netflix.
“Don’t,” he says, soft as always and the ache in Castiel’s chest grows, eyes stinging. Dean must see something in his eyes for he speaks, “You need to focus on healing yourself right now.”
Castiel smirks. “Well, when you make the new bisexual James Bond and it makes millions of dollars, he won’t think that anymore.” And it’s only a small thing. That Castiel remembered. But Dean’s cheeks feel hot all of a sudden, knowing that despite how it may look on the outside, he’s been paying attention.
It’s bad enough that they’ve barely been able to speak to each other – let alone touch each other – for the week after that night together but even now, two additional guards still trail them around the festival. It only makes the afternoon dull as they wonder through, greeting anyone that comes up to him and even dancing with a few ladies once the music begins. He doesn’t flirt back with them this time, eyes always finding Castiel’s – who in turn is always watching and this time doesn’t try to look away.
Dimarus raises his hands as if he’s trying to calm a wild animal. “I only thought because of what he did to you.” He nods his head towards Dean’s wrist. It healed a little while ago, quicker than he’d expected actually. “And because you two don’t seem to have the best relationship.”
“No,” Castiel says, mouth dry as he finally speaks. “And I’m sorry I left. But I was – I was worried you would react…poorly.” Dean casts his eyes down but Castiel doesn’t miss the regret that passes over his face. “I shouldn’t have let it happen.” And it’s true. He should have known. He should never have let it go so far. But he’s weak.
“But that long night when her baby finally came, in the hours before she passed, I saw that same happiness in her once more. She knew she would not make it, so as she held him close she made me promise I would take care of him. I told her I would as she had always taken care of me.”
One knocks on the door and after a moment, five more guards step out, dressed all the same; dark leather jerkins worn over black long-sleeved doublets – the emblem sewn into the right breast in silver thread – tall black boots and black breeches accompanied by a rapier belt, a sword hanging down on their preferred side. One, however, carries a chest. A chest that from where Castiel is standing looks as though it's been replicated from the carriage itself; rich, lacquered wood with a silver lock. At the end of the night, it doesn't matter what's in there. Either way, whatever it is, it equals coin. Lots of coin. And this is exactly what Castiel needs.
Dean’s eyes meet his – they’re harsh and angry. Fuelled with hate. Castiel closes his own, pressing his face further into the dirt and in this moment, he doesn’t care about anything else – not the consequences. Not how this might ruin everything.
From the corner of his eyes, he sees Nyree cry out falling to her knees. Castiel pulls a dagger from his belt as he knocks the man before him to the ground, sword coming down to strike clean through his sword hand before he spins and throws his dagger hard and fast. It takes the man in back of his neck and Nyree rolls out of the way just as he crumples heavily to the ground.
The screams echo in his head as he remembers. “I watched them be slaughtered in front of me.” Dean looks away then, exhaling deeply. “I was ten,” and something like anger rises in his voice. “All I could do was run and hide. Hide with all the other dead bodies and pretend I was one of them. It wasn’t hard. Since they were everywhere.”
“And I suppose you know mine?” Dean says, but in his voice hangs no arrogance or pride. It is a statement as any other, a matter of fact. And he does. The twenty-fourth of the first cycle. Dean turned twenty-two years of age barely over a week ago.
Cas looks down, his own photo strip crumpled in his hand, and his cheeks tinged a shade of pink. “I was just doing what it said to do.” he mumbles, pointing to the side of the booth.
Castiel reappears ten yards away. “And yet, you are the one that has not gotten in a single blow,” he says, not understanding why Patrus isn’t fighting back.
He perks up a little when Jody and Donna take everyone to cook marshmallows over the fire outside their dorms and Castiel plops down beside him. He doesn’t say anything, only shooting him a warm smile. It’s enough to make him forget about everything else for a little while.
It almost sinks him to his knees. But he keeps his eyes on the ground as they press tightly through thick shrubbery, to make sure he does not slip and fall.
Dean’s eyes flick down to Castiel’s throat when he swallows before flicking back up. His blue eyes are hesitant – anxious – and Dean’s about to speak when Castiel raises his hands and begins again on unthreading the laces on his own jerkin. His hands are slower now, careful in their movement and Dean watches, skin tingling as the room grows warmer.
Castiel, finally having enough, sighs, and says, “Dean, would you like to spend some time with me over your break?”
"You. I demand to speak to the Captain right this instant as apparently no one else in the gods damned castle will answer--"
A thin line of blood escapes from his wound and he sighs in frustration, clenching his fist so to heal it when suddenly, bright white substance pulls from his wound.
which then mostly resulted in something being thrown at him and his friends – well, Sebastian and Brady while Cillian sat amused throughout – whining at him to tell them the truth.
Castiel sags a little in relief and sends his warmth through where their hands touch and watches as Dean’s lips stitches together, the skin returning to normal complexion and he feels every other wound, the ones he cannot see, healing too.
He reaches a hand out to touch them, grazing his fingers over them as Castiel trains his eyes on Dean’s face, observing every emotion that passes over him. After a few long moments, Dean lets his hands fall away, green eyes full of affection as he stares back at Castiel.
Shame and guilt flash through his shining blue eyes before he falls into Dean’s chest allowing himself to be held. And Dean curls him against his body and keeps him there, hoping he can hear the steady beat of his heart. Hoping he can hear that Dean is still well and truly alive and not going anywhere.
Dean grunts, pushing himself up from his seat. “Well, good luck.” Dimarus huffs behind him. Dean’s almost to the door when he stops again.
“Yeah.” He didn’t know what to expect from Charlie at his response. But it certainly wasn’t the way her eyes flash with slight dread and her lips turn into a frown.
Dean turns to find Castiel dressed in grey sweatpants and a loose shirt, socks still clinging to his feet and for some reason, it makes him smile – even if it’s just a small one.
Dean’s eyes find his own and he takes a deep breath before he stands from his chair and rounds the desk to face Castiel. Castiel’s heart flutters in his chest.
Dean stands still, as everything around him slips away, Castiel the only thing he can see. The words between them hang heavy, almost suffocating.
After he is done telling the story he has to begin all over again and tell Nyree and Michael. When he is done, there is silence. Then Michael turns and leaves, disappearing into the forest. No one goes after him.
With that in mind, he peels the case off to find a small piece of tough paper folded in half. Perhaps it's just a note - a reminder, he thinks as he turns to see if anything's on the other side. That’s when he sees that he’s wrong.
Dean grumbles to himself before trudging over, watching as Kaia and Robin dive in first and Lily and Patience wrap their arms around themselves claiming it’s far too cold. Claire splashes them anyway.
He has to fumble his way through the conversation with the noble once he completely loses track of what the man is saying and even after he politely moves on, he’s barely had time for a breath before a lady is asking him to dance.
“Nice to see you again, Dean. You’re looking well,” he says, voice deep and gravelly now and then he sticks his hand out between them to shake.
Baudet gives farewell to both Sam and Dean before turning to Castiel and he knows it's coming before he can stop it.
The son of King Winchester. Of the king that tried to eradicate all of his species. It feels as if he’s had a bucket of cold water poured over him.
He doesn’t bother knocking, opening Dean’s door and poking his head around to see the prince still at his desk. “You’re finished?” Dean asks, eyes focused on a new book he’s holding in his hands.
It flutters to the floor, Castiel’s hands in nervous fists by his side as he stands, bare chested and bare footed before Dean.
Dean feels as if his eyes might roll out of his head. He doesn’t bother commenting, stepping into the stirrups and lifting up and over until he’s seated on his own horse. The rest of the guards follow and Dean watches out of the corner of his eye as Castiel helps Sam up into the saddle before following up after him.
“He spoke to the king last night, Your Highness, and was permitted to leave with the others.” Dean’s chest tightens painfully. He doesn’t bother with a response, turning to the doors and racing out into the hall.
Emery lets out a deep breath. “Let me just put this away.” He points to the rake before quickly dashing back into the stable and out again.
Blood splatters onto his chest and down his arm and the noise – the cries and screams deafen him, a thick pounding in his ears as the adrenaline rushes through him.
Castiel chuckles, making his way behind the front desk and stashing his bag away. "Why did I have to fall for someone who slobbers all over me?" Dean leans over the front of the counter, a smug look on his face.
“Hey, Cas.” Dean replies quietly. He looks the nearly the exact same since Castiel last saw him in person. The only difference though is he looks…sadder. His eyes seem dull compared to the piercing green that Castiel remembers. His smile is soft but it doesn’t reach any other features on his face. It doesn’t sit well in Castiel’s stomach. Dean should be happy. It’s what he deserves to be.
Castiel will never get used to the sight. Their city vibrant with colour in the distance, exuding warmth at every corner, people spread all throughout the fields surrounding the castle smiling and laughing – happy, finally after years of anguish and uncertainty. And here today to celebrate their kingdom. Under the twinkling stars of night.
He’s wondering if he should leave to find his mother and Sam when Castiel’s hand slips into his. Dean startles, eyes wide and questioning when they meet Castiel’s but the angel only pulls him up and drags him further and further away until they find another empty log to perch on.
“Back then, I wasn’t in control of my…abilities. My healing came and went. But it didn’t matter anyway. If he saw that I had healed before he said so, he would punish me again.” Dean presses his cheek against Castiel’s own in what he hopes is a comforting gesutre, not wanting to interrupt.
"Anytime," Castiel blurts out, swivelling on his seat like a twelve year old. Dean gives him one last smile before he's out the door.
Castiel straightens himself from where he’s curved into Dean, a beautiful blush spreading up his chest, lifts his hands to grip on top of Dean’s shoulders and without tearing his eyes away begins to move.
And once he’s regained his breath, heat growing larger in his gut, stomach coiling tighter, he rocks up into Castiel meeting his thrusts with his own, small ones.
Dean brushes the hair from his beautiful, blue eyes, a cheeky smile blooming on Castiel’s lips and he thinks maybe his favourite day of the year didn’t get ruined after all.
They finally pull apart, both of them panting and clinging onto each other as if their life depends on it.
Castiel takes a breath, raising his training sword and positioning himself. Michael across from him does the same, a glint in his eyes.
“Trust me, there are many places to hide that aren’t directly in front of a sewer grate,” Catharlo responds, finally mustering up the courage to come closer and sit down beside him.
“You…” Dean starts, pausing for a moment to smooth Castiel’s jackets down, a false smile on his face, “Don’t know as much as you think you do.” There’s a false smile in his eyes too as he takes a step back. “We’re finished here,” he says, that voice of authority back again. The guards all scramble to quickly pack up the few weapons that are lying around, clearly not wanting to do anything that might make the prince turn on them.
“Okay, it’s okay,” Dean whispers, voice gentle and reassuring. “I’ve got you.” He slips out carefully before helping Castiel turn over onto his back, blushing at the the way Dean’s gaze sweeps over him once more.
His own throat feels constricted and his voice cracks as he speaks but it’s low enough for Dean not to notice. “Why do you care?”
Dean lets his eyes slip shut. “Just leave.” He hears no movement from the other side of the table and when he opens his eyes Castiel is still sitting, eyes down. Finally, he stands, but doesn’t immediately move away. He presses his fingertips to the tabletop.
Dean bites his lip, wanting to say more. “Okay.” He stands and looks around at the mess. There’s blood splattered on the floor and a puddle of water next to the tub. Dean uprights the tipped over bucket and notes to have someone come and clean it up once Castiel is fine.
He closes his eyes and sends a quick prayer to his Elo de Olapireta, asking him to guide this soul to peace. And then he remembers. A bitter laugh escapes on a huff. Dean glances towards him.
“Stay with me, Michael. Stay with me.” But Michael is fading before his very eyes. Castiel’s heart hammers and he cradles Michael’s face with a hand.
The night passes smoothly from then onwards, Dean and Castiel both enjoying the game and chatting about whatever comes to mind. They even organise catching up to try and finish the assignment next week and even though it’s not much, Dean’s stomach flutters at the prospect of seeing him again so soon. And it’s kind of embarrassing when he thinks about how hard he’s crushing on Castiel, but who’s to blame him? There’s just something about him. And well…the handsome part certainly doesn’t help his cause.
Castiel’s eyes meet his from across the table before he glances away quickly and it’s enough to have the tips of his ears turning red. He knows too. What might happen.
She smiles, wetly. “She was happy. I promise you she was.” Castiel’s eyes glimmer with tears once more as he cranes his head to the sky.
"At first, we thought it was because of your father's hatred of the angels and because of..." Castiel pauses, not knowing how much to say. "Your mother's disappearance - something you know he blamed the angels for. But after we had time to think," he continues quickly, not wanting Sam or Dean to ask questions of their mother just yet. "We believed that perhaps the demon found out that we held the wings and halo and orchestrated the attack to find them. You see, ever since the leaders of the angels gained the first power it was kept in the crypts below Iowan, warded from the very demon that was searching."
And as he does, he clenches around Dean and a groan is forced out of him as his hips jerk and he comes hard into Castiel, nails digging into his skin.
Dean blinks, eyes shimmering. “She told me, they believe if you kill the demon, it’s possible you may also…” He swallows, voice wavering.
The last festival they ever held was when the humans attacked. When these humans attacked. He remembers the day as clearly as if it were only yesterday. He remembers that it was a good day. The last day when Castiel was free of pain.
So, he raises his head and turns, walking forward with a firmness in his steps and passes through the barrier.
He's almost asleep when there's a knock on the door. Dean's voice seeps through an instant later and Castiel calls out for him to come inside.
He doesn’t care about the rest of the ball once he finds her, leading her out into the gardens. She grins as he leans in, hands resting at the small of her back, her chest pressed up against his.
A big woman with red hair pulled back into bun strides over to the table after the servants are done. She has stains on her fingers and chubby cheeks, her apron practically a painter’s palette with the different colours that smear it.
She could turn back now and head for the main square which is busy enough at any time of the evening but she might just be turning back into whoever is stalking her. She makes a split decision, breaking into a run and heading down a side alleyway, a shortcut to home.
It’s only when Dean’s hand closes over his own that he realises he’s been rubbing the bruised skin of his knuckles. Dean takes his bruised fist in his own, meeting Castiel’s eyes as he raises it and presses it to his lips. He doesn’t even kiss it, merely holds it there, and Castiel notices the neat cut on his lip.
For a moment, there is silence, everyone terribly quiet and Emery hopes beyond anything that he is not wrong for he would be a fool--
As if Dean has read his thoughts, he says from a few yards away, “You know, we can come here sometimes.” He stands again and walks towards Castiel once more. “Whenever you need a break,” he says softly. Castiel swallows. He doesn’t know what came over him yesterday. He shouldn’t have said anything to Dean. He should have told him to leave.
hadn’t ruined everything. But if the look on his face was anything to go by, that’s the last thing Castiel wanted. So, Dean restrained himself, allowing him to be alone.
And it’s certainly a strange feeling. He never really thought he’d find someone to love that loves him back in
Dean’s heart spikes, his own things already packed away, ready to follow Castiel out. He’s not going to confront him in here – he doesn’t want to make Castiel feel any more humiliated than he already fucking has.
with him… I know I have brought great shame to you but also to myself. And if you allow me to atone, I will.” His father does not move. “But--”
“Gods, Cas, I was so afraid they’d hurt you. Afraid I’d never see you again. And I--” he breathes in a harsh breath, voice wobbling now, “I can’t lose you, Cas.” And Castiel’s never heard Dean say something with so much conviction. And for it to be this. For it to be over not losing Castiel. “I
When he’s needed no longer, Dean rises to leave, carefully holding the velvet case in his hand but Sam calls his name before he gets to the door.
He can’t. Not when he can feel this restless itch under his skin – not when all he can see when he closes his eyes is his pale, lifeless face.
Castiel’s hands don’t reach for him, staying firm in the pockets of his jacket but Dean doesn’t mind. Because Castiel’s kissing him back and he thinks he’d like to do this more than just once. That he’d like to keep kissing him for a little longer than he should.
His memory isn’t completely clear, although it was for many years, but it’s clearer than most memories. For it was the most painful.
Dean’s lips are warm and soft on his own. He hesitantly runs his hands up Dean’s chest and neck until he’s cradling Dean’s jaw, fingers brushing over his stubble.
All he can be sure about is that he is tiring. His body bruised and torn but there is no chance for rest. He swings his sword, ducks and dodges, charges and clashes until--
He hasn’t been quite this nervous in a while and almost talks himself out of it but finally gathers the courage to call out for Dean at the last second, the man spinning on his heel and walking right back over to him, those green eyes piercing through him.
And his heart seizes again, tears pricking his eyes. Because he’s not in the Ellwood anymore. Not even in Torrin. He’s somehow on the Eastern Continent.
With hesitance he tells him that throughout all the time Mary spent with the king and queen, no one knew how he was to defeat the demon and free the souls. That all they knew was it had to do with balance.
Dean shakes his head, banishing the thought. Sam is silent where he sits across the table, a hand on his head.
Dean whips his head around, eyes wide, “Hey, what the fuck, Cas?” tumbling from his lips as he hears ‘woah, dude,’ from Sebastian across the table.
And Dean knows he’s not telling him whatever it is. But when Castiel meets his eyes, he sees it. The burden of all those souls. The souls of his parents, of his friends, of all the angels – of an entire species, all waiting for him to save them. And he doesn’t even know how.
There are three angels waiting outside after all. He won’t live to see tomorrow if he kills Sam now. So, he can either come with them and live.
In an instant, the light fades, the power of the halo flowing through every part of him, and his heart pounds as he shifts Dean closer into his chest and presses one hand to the wound on his stomach, the other on his back and closes his eyes.
It’s almost a mirror image of when he saw him on Thursday. Castiel’s outside the pub, leaning against the wall, phone in hand. The only difference is the lack of backpack and headphones.
“Yes, it’s me. Are you still here?” There’s a cut on Dean’s lip too and a bruise already forming on his cheek.
A beat passes after her retreat, boots shuffling in place and low voices from the next room carrying through to highlight the absence of a happiness in the reunion of the broken family over here by the stairs.
"Well come on in, then. Door was open." She giggles, downing the last drop from her glass, "Won't say no to another bottle."
"Oh, I think you do..." He leans in, looking Cas up and down with a sinister smile, "Would you like to know the sorts of noises Dean Winchester makes between the sheets, angel?"
It's not linear, then. It's just eating away at his brain like- like dimentia, or- or alzheimers. All Sam's hoping is it's not permanent- that they can reverse this thing and save not just what hasn't been lost yet, but what has.
"Think of him as the toddler he never was." She shrugs, turning on her heel and beelining for the bag she's abandoned on the floor at his arrival.
Who told you that?" Dean realizes he says it like it's a secret he and Cas had both been keeping together, rather than just Cas. He backpedals, all the words tumbling out at once, "I mean, I'm... not. It's not... that. Cas is. He does. He feels that way."
"I don't know," he picks up his mug, shrugging, then sets it back down, realizing the thing's empty, "You know, maybe the guy got whacked by, uh, some mob dude with an ironic sense of humor."
They're odd friends, aren't they? People always point that out- call Cas the Winchester's pet, or Dean's attack dog, or Dean's... something. It's specific to Dean much of the time, rather than Sam as well. Not that it matters. It might be Cas' fault. He's better at social cues now, but there's a lot he still doesn't realize is odd until someone says something.
getting kissed by Dean last night? He seemed to. He responded to it. He made all those noises and... But he also seemed like he was braced for a fight the whole time too. God, what if Cas didn’t like it at all and Dean just basically drunkenly assaulted his best friend because he misread the signals and Cas is too nice to even say anything about it.
The hum of the radio and sound of pavement in each other’s presence was something they’d shared for a long time. There was no awkward in the silence. It was comfortable. Normal. It meant something else unsaid that neither would ever share with the other, but both could feel was there.
Dean shrugs, unlocking the trunk, "We could've sold the land, I guess. Didn't feel right, though. Then I think with everything that kept happening, it kinda got tossed aside."
Even after everything Cas had done to him, it was meaningful enough that he'd kept it at all, but to hold so much care in it?
Is she responsible after all? And these people- her family- are they trying to stop her? Punish her in some messed up, twisted way?
"He said he'd meet us here." Cas exhales, tearing his eyes from John and sweeping his gaze around the room before landing on the brothers again, softening with a sigh, "Frankly, I appreciate the break. It's been
There are a few calls he could seek to make. The first is what gives him pause to starting the whole process at all.
The other man rapidly tosses a hand out flat in the space between himself and the blonde. Her body jerks to the side- hit with nothing but a pocket of air- and collides with the back wall, denting into the plaster, her head bobbing dazedly with the impact.
They decide on a different angle from cops for these people, settling on sweater-wearing Fred Rogers type CPS caseworkers. These type of folks'll never talk to the cops, so they'll likely have the most luck this way.
"Yeah, hey." Caught a little off guard by the attitude, he clears his throat, "So, uh, looking into this case here in Iowa- thinking it might be a little angely-"
Sam collides with Cas, nearly toppling the two of them over as he wraps his arms wholly around the angel's shoulders, head dipping down. Cas raises his hands to lay flat against the middle of Sam's back, his face going through a series of unreadable emotions.
It's something they need to talk about- they both know it. It's just easier to put off and pretend it's nothing, at least as far as Dean's concerned.
Human emotions... tedious and irritating when they're not acting as the greatest achievement in free will the universe provides.
must've happened. Either he got pissed off at something and completely fucked up on purpose, or he got roofied again.
He shuffles from foot to foot, trying to lighten his tone jokingly, "Cause if you're gonna be all gung ho about the Gas-n-Sip again, it's gonna have to be in Lebanon or I'm tracking you down."
"It's- personal." Cas moves to tuck the thing back in his inner pocket, missing once- which is enough for Sam to jut a hand out, catching one of Cas' in his.
"Oh, we've got a charmer here." She grins a toothy, crooked smile and turns to Cas, pointing a finger at Dean as she trails away, "Be careful or someone's gonna try stealin’ that boy away from you."
"Yeah, not gonna happen, Patches." Dean grunts out, keeping his eyes trained on her, weapon ready to fire at the slightest move to continue the angel slaying. She's closest to Cas, so odds are if she were to buck up and say fuck it, he's the first she'd dive towards- and that's
Dean opts to just keep on the borrowed shirt, but put back on yesterday's jeans. On those there's only an artistic spattering of blood that can easily be dismissed by any passerby, unlike his other shirt which is completely soiled and would make him look like an ax murderer. He splashes water on his face, steals a shot of mouthwash from the medicine cabinet, and wets down the tufts of his hair that swish in different directions from being pressed against Cas all night.
He hides his face after that, carefully looking down at his hands, thumbs anxiously swirling around each other.
"Okay," Sam readjusts in his seat, one leg folded beneath him to better face Cas, and clears his throat, "Look, Dean's, uh... he's not the best at telling people he really cares about them. Half the time he'll push people away just because he has this dumb notion that people being close to him gets them hurt..."
Abraham leads Dean and his son, Elijah, around the side of the house, just in front of the barn. There's a carriage with only three wheels, the fourth corner being held up by a thick tree stump.
”Why are you doing this?” Dean yells, eyes barely holding back furious worry flickering between Cas and Lucifer.
He's taken care of Sam for over thirty years. It's been his one great mission in life. Time for Sam to step up to bat.
Cas feels warm and safe and just wholly Cas against him. He smells somehow like the spring, like the outdoors. It kind of reminds Dean sometimes of the wind on a nice day when he’s driving Baby with all the windows down. Something like that and something else entirely
"Yeah, maybe. Who's Rowena? That's a weird name." he wanders a little further into the trees, not really looking at anything, so Sam lets him- until- "S- Sam. Sam!" Dean stage whispers it, pulling his attention.
Dean nods, swallowing, finally unfurling his fingers from the fabric of Sam's jacket. Sam, in turn, offers him a reassuring half-smile and firming pat on his own shoulder.
Cas: (party hat emoji, party hat emoji, confetti horn emoji, clap hands, clap hands, confetti horn emoji)
"Magda... you're not the devil. You're just psychic. There are others out there like you, like... like me. I have powers, too. I'd get these visions sometimes and- and I could move things with my mind."
He starts pocketing the phone, missing the opening in his jacket once. That's Dean starting to panic. It's small. Barely noticeable, really, but they're both thinking it- Cas might be already dead for all they know. Ishim doesn't have any reason to suspect they'd come back and take him out, but it had to have been a thought to pass through his mind. Maybe he figured, either way, he could just take Cas out to cover his own skin. Then, when Sam and Dean roll back to the church, he'd take them out, too. Try to, at least. Guy clearly underestimates the hell out of simple humans.
"Do you ever consider... whether caring-" He stops, setting the mug on the table and clasping his hands in his lap, giving Sam his full attention, "Claire said something, a few weeks ago. She said that- I don't know who I am without the two of you."
John and Cas park on either side of the Impala, almost competitively swinging into place, and hop out- the groaning of metal pitching into the empty lot.
She winks, passes the card back, cupping a hand around her mouth and stage-whispering, "Love your work."
The family portrait is still in his hand, he can't seem to stop looking at it and wondering how four seemingly normal people go down a road so dark that it leaves one of them dead. What changed them?
He meets Cas' eye, searching for a truth there, a certainty he can't find in himself, “How do you know?”
going. Of course. But they both look at him with the kind of expectancy that says neither of them are actually quite sure.
And Cas is so damn close to him now, and he smells like whiskey and fire and the woods and... now he's even closer. Dean's not sure when they started leaning into one another but they did, and he's also not sure he wants to stop. No... that's a blatant lie. He's sure. He
He has faith that John can save them. He has to. What's the alternative? It's not like he'll be able to run in after them.
Cas peers around the sky, pinpointing the different constellations in order to change the subject. A silence falls between them for a long few minutes, and Cas can tell that Dean is far too deep in thought for his own good. He raises one hand to the sky, pointing at a small constellation just ahead, "That's Sagitta over there. Just those three dots, two on the end. It's meant to represent an arrow-"
"He's alive." Cas says gently, and Sam steps forward, finally, kneeling beside him, "He won't remember a thing."
Makes him wonder, back at that hotel room in Rexford, whether or not Cas actually passed out the next bed over, or if he'd stayed up all night just like Dean had, listening to the other man breathing on the other side of the room and afraid that if he actually let sleep take him, he'd be alone there the next morning.
Dean has to squint against the flash of whitish, yellowing light- blinking once, twice, a few more times and pulling himself to his feet. Because now it's just Cas and Lily standing across from one another, and Dean knows on instinct Cas isn't going to attack her, but that crazy bitch has given him no reason to trust she won't try and take this angel out, too. Regardless of just having saved her life.
"Don't look through my messages." He shoots an arm out to try taking back the phone, but Crowley easily sways to the side. It's a practiced movement by now.
The end message there is kind, however as a whole- and with the rest of the entry from that date as well- it paints a very specific picture of Dean. It implies that John only cares for Dean from this very specifically cultivated mask he's put on himself in order to fill John's impossible standards of him. He's become a facsimile of John, which John is incredibly critical and judgmental especially if Dean deviates from this image. We know this because the further Dean moves from John's death in early seasons, we start to see this image of himself chip away, and he becomes more comfortable in his own skin and as his own person. Dean is not simply a scam artist or a ladies man or an absolutely loyal son. These are what Dean thought is all that there was to himself until he let Sam and Bobby and Cas and all his friends and himself- make him start to believe otherwise and realize he's more than all these things. He's worth more than these simple tiny facets of a personality from a man who barely knew him enough to know there was more there.
"I-" Cas drops his hands rapidly, then brings them back up to cross over his chest, head dipping down, "Yes, a bit."
"That is hardly the only thing I said. He keeps the morale for the rest of the group and despite the occasional downfalls of his character, he is clearly valued."
Cas stiffens at the clear English accent and does not afford him the courtesy of returning the handshake, which Mick seems to realize- awkwardly lowering his hand to his side.
Please leave comments as you go! I read every single one and love to get feedback. I would like to know all that y'all think. :)
It really would be okay, too. Cas would go on business as usual, and Dean could pretend that this never happened. Because that’s just how Cas is, how he’s always been. Selfless, sacrificing, loving...
But he sits in the library and all he can think about is morning coffee with Sam. Late afternoons poring over lore for the latest case and maybe Dean falls asleep on one of the open books across the table. Music carrying in from Dean's room down the hall late at night. The soft padding of footsteps anytime one of them can't sleep and they seek him out amongst the books just so they don't have to be alone for a little while in the cover of night.
Past five minutes are already fogging away, slipping in tiny strands- like strips in a paper shredder. He knows he needs to try holding onto these pieces but can't quite pinpoint why- so they slip away, drifting in and out, only slight threads in the fabric of their nature keeping hold.
The demon cries, one arm jutting out flat towards Sam- sending him flying back. He sails off the ground, colliding hard with the book shelf behind him, sending papers flying.
It rings only a couple of times before a woman's voice drifts out, light and curious, with an English accent, "Dr. Marion?"
"I think now would be a good time to retreat to my safe house." Ishim says plainly, if not somewhat strained, from beside Dean.
He's still gripping at Sam's shoulder, not looking to let go anytime soon. Steadying himself through the touch, rapidly blinking dry, burnt eyes- thinking the next might earn him back a sliver of sight, and when it doesn't he just barely staves off the incoming panic through the feel of the smooth canvas fabric beneath his fingertips.
”Well, I gotta hand it to you.” Dean flicks a look between he and Crowley, “You said you were gonna draw Lucifer’s fire, and you drew some serious fire.”
There will be some images within this chapter for text messages. If for whatever reason you can't view them - you should be able to - I'm also posting what they say at the notes at the end of the chapter.
"Gideon Loughlin's address was in his accountant's file." Sam says, standing, "If the book is there, I'll find it."
“Cas?” Sam calls out first, hesitant, a hand circling to reach to the weapon at the small of his back- Cas’ grumbling voice echoes an affirmative through the chamber, instantly calming him.
"You're back." Ishim says cheerfully, drawing both their attention to the platform at the front of the church where he stands tall and beaming like a friggin' Bond villain, tilting his head,"So, what's new?"
Suited up and ready to go, the three of them sit in the Impala and dial up Beth for some further insider info on the family in question.
There wouldn't be many to have such an issue with Benjamin that would warrant his murder, but it's been so long since Cas has had contact with the angel that he decides to bring in the leader of their old squadron in the event his limited knowledge not be completely up to date. It's possible that Ishim, too, heard the open prayer from Benjamin the night before- it seems to only make sense to bring him in on the investigation. If this had been a murder of someone once under Castiel's charge, he'd want to know as well.
He grins, eyeing Cas- who says nothing, does nothing. Maybe he should just pull over and kick him out of the car.
Dean takes another sloppy bite of the s'more. This time he's certain half of it made its way across his cheek, given how wide Cas grins as his eyes trail across his face.
“I told you before, I'd only let myself die if it was for or alongside you.” He half-smiles, clasping his hands together on the table.
"You're good too, Cas" He breathes, resting his forehead on the other man's and closing his eyes. They stand like that, Dean gripping one side of Cas' face and leaning into the other, the two of them wordlessly in love in a dirty corner of a carnival parking lot. And Dean makes it happen because a hunter's life isn't made of much but it's made of moments. This is one of the best.
willy-nilly. I thought it was a don't-ask-don't-tell sort of thing, but I'm glad you boys have shelved some of your machismo. Bravo."
The driveway is more like a brick-lined parking lot than slab of thin pavement- there's scattered beaters parked in all different directions, must be something like ten cars. There's even a dude on a motorcycle swinging his leg off of it as they pull up and park behind him.
"Land of gridlock, Botox, overtaxing, underachieving, smell of sweaty desperation... I mean, you can't breathe. The beaches are toxic. You got dudes in skinny jeans wearing sunglasses inside." He sighs, "Ugh... Image obsessed narcissists. I
He spends several days researching government facilities, sending word to Jody and anyone else on his limited list of contacts... and Cas is already scraping the bottom of the barrel- so he decides to snoop.
He can understand that possibly more than any other person on this earth. It's precisely the same weight on his own shoulders, and it's not lost on him that it was his own face that Lucifer wore when he killed Rowena all those months ago. The fact that it appears he's already been forgiven for that- based on the way she's looking at him, a soft note of camaraderie in her eyes for a trauma similarly experienced- warms him more than he’d realized it would.
Dean chuckles into his mug, giving Sam a look and wiggling his brows. John notices, looking to Sam, "Still on that health-kick?"
He tosses him from the stage, sending him to roll onto his back. Sam rushes to his side, knowing he’s okay but needing to be there anyway.
"I'm gonna go have a closer look." Dean starts for it, but slows after a few steps when John follows. He turns, "Dad, I got this."
"Well, you just told me my whole life story. And I gotta be honest, man, I... I can feel it, slipping out of my head." He shakes his head, "I mean, ganking monsters is one thing. But this..."
There will be some text exchanges in images within this chapter, if you're unable to see these for any reason the transcripts will be in the end notes.
"And if word got out that we did our part to save Sam and Dean Winchester, well... that's just good business, innit? And who knows. When all this is over, we might even be friends."
John takes her hand, clasping it tightly to shake and bringing his other hand to rest on top. The gentlemanly way- as he'd say. He dips down a nod, "Pleasure."
It's hard to imagine a John like the one they met in 1978. Soft edges, letting his expression fall unguarded, and fiercly loving with an openness that 2006's John might not even know
Unlike the previous mattress, however, this one is terrible. Lumpy and stiff. If he actually slept on this thing, it would certainly be badly, leaving him with a crick in the neck and knotted spine.
A metal tub in the back corner catches his attention, and he beelines for it. It's filled to the brim with ice and a smattering of brown bottles, some corked, others capped. He picks up a capped one and turns it in his hand, "No label. Well, that's a red flag."
He hears Cas grunt, and a body tumbles to the ground beside him, slapping down hard. Dean stirs, rolling to his back, then his side to face the person still standing. Props himself up with one elbow. His hopes dwindle as he sees Cas' figure crumpled, barely stirring, next to him. The woman holds Dean's own pistol in both hands, trained at his face.
“No more deals with the devil, okay?” Dean mutters, breath hitting Cas’ neck. Cas grips him tighter at that, nose dipping to Dean’s shoulder as he buries his face there and nods. He knows it's a lie, because he'll make a thousand deals with the devil if it means keeping Dean safe, or keeping him from having to live with doing the bad thing for the right reasons.
“This time he’s on his own. Partly it’s a test, and partly I wanted some time with Sammy. Should be no problem for Dean. Ghosts of two nuns haunting St. Stephen’s Indian Mission in Riverton, Wyoming. Simple salt-and-burn mission. Nuns in love with each other, then discovered. Killed themselves.”
"So why would somebody want Barry dead?" Dean wonders aloud as they're leaving the building, "I mean, what, did he screw up a tax return?"
"Know a thing or two? You both got your heads so far up your asses you can't see a shitshorm if it hit your windshield!"
I ended up putting off packing more in order to edit this fully today instead lol. I started reading it and realized I was farther along than I thought and just couldn’t resist. The next chapters will take a bit more time tho, I’ll be busy the next week.
It's something. A mild kind of admission that's not nearly enough, but clearly all they're gonna get.
She, too, parts ways from the boys, but not without a quick squeeze of Sam's arm before heading to the opposite end of the living room towards someone she probably knows. Dean doesn't know any of these people. Usually he's in his element at a shindig like this, but the lack of friendly faces makes him realize just how many other hunters there are out there that they've simply never come across.
The living room has quieted, the music toning down to match the lower mutterings of the remaining attendees. Bucky's voice rises above the rest, chuckling along to a story from his own mouth, "...until you two snuck off for some sweet, sweet time alone."
Then he gets to the steps leading to the next room and sees it... a small blood sigil marking the stone on the wall. The blood is still relatively fresh, or at least it hasn't dried completely yet. Someone was expelling angels within the past couple hours, but no one's in the library... It seems like no one's here at all...
”Dad was still around and he thought different... well, I’d have dealt with that, too. Any day of the week.” He turns to put the car back in drive, but pauses, hands stiff on the wheel, “I’m sorry about the girl.”
She squints flatly at him in response, her tone just as lacking in energy as the rest of her, "Sure, how many?"
"Yeah." He nods, letting out a sharp breath through his nose. He crosses the couple feet of space between them, grabbing her by the lapels of her jacket. She keeps still- completely unbothered. "You tell me where my brother is, and I
"That was the last time I saw you alive," Dean continues, "Sam found you. They tried to revive you, but..." He pauses, shrugs a single shoulder, "You got a hunter's funeral... like you- like you wanted." He shifts, clearing his throat, "That was ten years ago."
"Great," he smiles softly, offering a thumbs up, "Alright, come here." Sam plants a firm hand on his shoulder, dragging him to the bed, "We're just gonna-"
Guess he's garnering a sort of reputation now for running away for long periods of time, since they just think Dean's nothing but a bundle of anger these days.
A door creaks behind him, low voices echoing into the space. He buries his flashlight in his jacket and flicks it off, waiting. They step closer, a warm light approaching with them.
"Girl had cuts on her back like she'd been whipped, holes puncturing her hands and feet, pinprick wounds around the top of her skull." He recites, holding up the coroner's report and handing off the file to Dean.
"Whoa..." Dean breathes, mouth agape, reaching a hand out to the handprint- swinging back to Sam excitedly, smacking him in the arm, "
She scrunches her nose back at him and waves her finger between he and Cas, "You two are cute." She says, then disappears behind the counter.
Lucifer pants out his name, and there's no fear there. He grins wide within Vince's skin, unperturbed at this interruption.
Dean is standing just behind the fruit stand, leaning against Baby, kicking dirt up with the toe of his boot while speaking into his cell. Cas inspects a small box of raspberries on the countertop while the woman just behind it fills two small cups of black coffee. He considers purchasing a slice of pie, at the very least to be a source of comfort for Dean, but thinks better of it. Pie is for when they can celebrate while eating it- Sam safe and in their home.
" Loraine draws out the word, raising her voice and turning towards a room where no one's listening, and turns back, "drunk hunters... and my son's dead body is in the parlor. But I haven't slit my wrists yet. Small victories."
"Nonsense! Jody has herself a king-sized over in there! You think I'm opposed to a lil bed-sharing?" She winks at Eileen and the boys, "'Sides, not my first sleepover here! You all rest up! Early mornin' tomorrow!"
"Might wanna take that up with the boss, then." John smirks, unperturbed, "I didn't ask to come back here."
"Let him go. Now." The bulkier bald man holds his weapon trained on Dean- who, after a moment's hesitation, follows the order, releasing his hold. Sam's holding the third in a headlock, but releases him upon seeing the other two weapons trained directly at his brother, and holds up his hands in surrender as well.
at anyone before. The few waitresses Dean tried to set him up with over the years, Cas showed no interest whatsoever. Was it because they were women? Maybe Cas
"The blonde woman that you drove yesterday," Cas steps forward slowly, stopping in front of Jamie, mere inches from his face, "What was her name?"
"Gone toe to toe with some pretty heavy hitters, Dad." Dean struggles to keep his voice level, matching John's staunch anger, "If this is gonna work you gotta trust we know a thing or two."
"Never been able to pin ya before," Dean grins, tossing the blade off to the side, and holds his hands up flat again, heaving himself to his feet and leaving John laying on his back, unpinned.
"The angels that I served with are being killed." He says plainly, voice hardening, "So I will put up with Ishim. I will put up with everything else. And so will you. I have to go."
"As do I." He says calmly, raising his brows, "I was bloody one of them. Sam and Dean? They're like herpes. Just when you think they're gone... hello! The boys are back, leaving a trail of bodies in their wake. So...
"We got yellow-eyes. We got the thing that killed mom! Wasn't that the whole fucking point of- of any of this?"
What would Sam Winchester Do? He could always ask him... but... no. Not yet. First step is easy, though. Sam wouldn't be pissed at Cas just for dying.
It glows a cold white, cutting the grin right off of the devil's face. He starts charging for Sam, but the light blasts a pocket of energy directly onto the president's vessel, solid wave after wave of light puncturing forward, stiffening Lucifer's movements.
"Cas-" Dean warns. Cas tosses the guy onto the car, so he's at least not holding up his entire weight, and hovers over him.
“I may not understand the novelty of struggling with these things, but I can appreciate how difficult this is for
He grumbles something like "yeah, whatever," into his mug, holding it up against his lips as he keeps his gaze fixed out the window.
gonna get Lucifer if we're always doing this?" Sam yells, "He even said it himself- 'same stale rerun of a rerun of a rerun-' Is that all we're ever gonna be? Just a bunch of guys making the same mistakes over and over and over again?"
"I'm not real sure about that either. I, um..." He continues looking around, nods once to the guy with the dog just patiently jogging in place, then turns the opposite way- There. Jutting out over the trees, a sign.
does that make Dean? And now here he is, being a shitty friend yet again just because he's mad at him for
The guy rebelled against heaven for Dean. He died for Dean- twice. He tried to do the right thing because that’s what Dean taught him to do. And it hurt him nearly every time he did.
Then there's the hands Dean hides, pocketed deep in his jeans with red easily blooming on the knuckles beneath scarred tissue. Warrior's hands where, when the battle is done, he uses those same ones for kindness, gentleness. Sewing up the wounds of his brother, thumbing the blood away from a friend's cheek, tenderly cupping the back of someone's head as they grieve into his shoulder.
Cas pulls a business card from his wallet and looks Tommy seriously in the eye, "If you hear from him, don't hesitate to call.”
He stops next to Cas, slapping a hand on the side of the car and leaning against it, too, crossing his arms. They're both turned, looking at each other, and it's times like this that ache the most. Dean cares for him, of course, but he'll never think of Cas as more than a brother. He is perfectly content living out the rest of his days filling that role, but that doesn't mean the ache isn't still there... a hollow
He's staring at Dean's profile with an unamused frown, so Dean smiles in response, eyes roving down the length of his face.
used to think, too. Or I know at least you did. First time you ever met him you tried to kill the guy, remember? At least Dad didn't stab him."
"Sam- I appreciate the thought, but, truly- it's not necessary. We're not like you. That body in there..." he shrugs, "It's just an empty vessel. I appreciate the novelty of what you're trying to do, but... Benjamin's gone, so he's gone. Holding a funeral holds little meaning to me."
"Ah," Dean clicks his tongue, raking in a deep breath. He blows it out from his cheeks, "That saying's a crock a shit."
"All the way. That family... they're like... off the charts religious. Old, old Testament. I'm talking no cars, no electricity, no
People- they twist shit. They come to the wrong conclusions or don't get the full story. Same thing happened back when they shook the apocalypse loose. Whole reason buckets of hunters had their eye out for Sam. They didn't know it wasn't the kid's fault, or, if you wanna get technical about it, that it was half Dean's.
But these folks? What they're offering up? An end of the line? A ceasefire where the only ones on the map still standing are human and the supernaturals get cut down til they're extinct? Well, hell. Isn't that what they've been talking about? That fresh start?
Dean knows the man's lying, but he also knows he doesn't have nearly as much money as it might take to bribe him considering the last one this guy took was the cost of a new summer home. He runs over the possibilities in his head... but the problem is, anything they try will take time. It's time they probably don't have.
John's wearing his FBI best (well, Dean’s best, since dad still doesn’t have much of his own wardrobe these days), dressed to the nines but still surly and unshaven.
This wordless exchange doesn't escape his father's attention but much like a lot of things right now, he's not commenting on it yet. Dad seems to be biding him time for the big blow up. Putting it on the backburner 'til they find Sam.
It’s a gift to be loved by Dean Winchester in any capacity. It’s remarkable, despite the many times that Cas has left, betrayed, or hurt he and Sam- that both of them still took him back every time. And Dean shares his music and his home and he says this song “reminds me of you” and proceeds to play a melody with a hopeful ache attached to it. Because Dean
Cas stays quiet, keeping his eyes on the road and away from Dean. It doesn't last long. Dean feels his eyes on him again a few minutes later when the angel sighs and reaches out a hand with two fingers extended, "Let me-"
What would Madga latch onto? Something that could get to town, close to both victims... the carriage maybe? Horse?
It's a dull ache in his chest, almost as raw as those few hours he'd thought Dean had been obliterated with the bomb for Amara, but not quite there. It's like a hollow emptiness of helplessness. Just out of reach, but not yet gone.
Dean- only half listening at this point- rolls his eyes, picking up his sandwich and taking in a mouthful, "You're sloppy seconds."
"Alright, Dean," Sam sighs, pocketing his cell, "Dean, you know, uh, you had a good run but maybe let's pump the brakes a little bit. I mean, you're not 20 anymore."
Dean pauses, cup halfway raised to his mouth. His eyes glide over Cas’ disheveled appearance, stealing this moment because he can and because Cas doesn’t know he’s looking.
"What? No. It's good. I'm glad, you know. It's not easy for us, for hunters, to find someone to be with that gets the life." Dean nods, burying his hands in his jeans pockets. "It's good to see."
Sam flicks his eyes to Dean, who holds his head up, nods, hands deep in his jacket pockets. Sam, too, nods.
She hits him in the arm with a piece of uncooked toast right when Cas pads into the kitchen with an empty mug and heads straight for the coffee pot. Dean beams at him immediately and Donna turns, noticing Cas' entrance.
"You still working through those docs I sent you?" Sam asks on the way to the car, tugging the keys from his pocket.
One of them pauses to pick something up, travelling closer. It's heaved over the side of the stall and placed right beside Sam. He hugs the wall- somehow managing to go unnoticed.
"Hey, buddy, " he mumbles, and falls against him one last time. Curling his hand into the collar of his trenchcoat, the other fisted around his waist.
If it was, that's a lot bigger a problem than a simple hangover. He might have to bring Cas back in the loop on this- or Jody...
And Dean chose to take that moment. Cas placed the mixtape squarely on the desk corner and turned back to the door. Dean closed the distance between them before he could think about it, and pulled Cas into a bearhug.
Halloween, 2008- Cas remembers this to be the first time he actively chose to trust Dean Winchester. Not simply with the town, or with the act of a test born of heaven's own design- but with himself. His own doubts. Something angels were forbidden from, and he just passed along that knowledge to this one man because he'd trusted he would keep that secret. And he did.
Crowley sighs, pursing his lips and, finally, shrugs, backing away, "Can't say I didn't try. I'll be back in the morning,
Cas isn't sure what that means or what to do with it. With Dean, it'd mean he doesn't want to talk anymore. Usually because the topic at hand is getting far more personal than he's equipped to deal with at that moment.
Especially because that distraction lent Dean just enough time to get himself firmly on both feet, steps solid albeit small, toward the demon.
It rings three times before the gruff voice of a tired John Winchester answers, clearing his throat, "Who is this?"
Dean finds himself asking, hesitantly, “You think I'd do that? Now-me. Send you in to die just... as a distraction?”
to find even a shred of that dusty old family dynamic that maybe never even existed in the first place?
Cas doesn't want to hear where this is going. He doesn't want to hear what kinds of things Lucifer picked up from deep deep inside his own psyche. Buried there for barely himself to see, or admit.
John loads a fresh clip into the handgun in his lap, another clearly visible and already ready to go in the holster secured at his ribs. Cas climbs into the seat beside him, closing out the rest of the world with a slam of the door.
. World peace, that's probably something he needs. A vacation to the Bahamas, another good one. But his dad? He's idolized the man most of his life, but even now he knows their relationship had always been rocky at best, downright murderous at worst. He'd dragged both of his sons into this life and last time they even spoke, he dipped out with a parting, fucked up omen that Dean might have to kill his little brother if Sammy went off the deep end...
"I have a safe house nearby." He stands, pulling out a wad of cash and slowly tugging out a couple of small bills, "I'll go get Mirabel."
There's something poetic about the strings of justice wrapping up around those two angels, if not decidedly ironic. Entirely full circle in the worst way possible. Because, if Lily were to succeed, her grief would just be transferred to another, and so on and so on. Ishim kills her child, so she kills Ishim and she kills Cas, then Dean would kill her, and probably himself eventually. A nonstop, neverending river of grief.
Dean's... he deserves to have that happiness. He deserves to have better than he even thinks he can have.
." Dean mocks, turning on his heel and away from this conversation completely. "You feel free to roll through Olivia's job. Let me know what you find. I'm hitting the books."
Another inhale and he can move, hands clawing at the dirt until he reaches the top of the mound. A man stands on the other side, one foot inside the cab of his truck, mouth agape at the image before him.
Dean lets himself get dragged into the bathroom, butt shoved down onto the toilet lid. He rests his elbows on his knees, heels bouncing on the tile as Sam fills up a mug with water and hands it over.
He settles in the seat across the table, hoping his words come off kind, "This must be difficult for you."
Regardless of these brits true intentions- if that's what's at the end of this road then that seems as good a deal as any. Just gotta pull it off first.
Dean chuckles, backing her up against the stall, hands firm on the back of her thighs as he pulls her up and forward, knees wrapping hard around his hips.
Cas sighs, clasping his hands together beneath his chin, saying- almost only to himself, "I don't understand..."
Dean peers down at it, noting the very Men of Letters fashioned diligence to its scribing, "Alright so what have you found on Her Majesty's Secret Suckbags?"
John peeks into the mini fridge behind him, shutting it when nothing of interest draws his eye, "Could be a power play. Brings a new ring to the term 'Rock God'."
"Yeah," Dean beams, shoulders straightening, but his fingers fiddle with the keys, eyes flicking to Cas. "A few times."
Dean stands straight, balling his hands to fists at his sides to stop the shaking, jaw clamped shut so tightly his teeth sting deep in his gums.
Elijah instructs Dean to shimmy a longer, thinner log beneath the carriage, a way to give the entire cart leverage at just the right time. Dean holds the stick in place and waits for Elijah's go ahead.
It's not that Dean doesn't know this- he very simply doesn't even consider that Cas would ever consider it. That level of trust is... insurmountable.
Cas rolls his eyes, “I know she meant to make an uncomfortable parallel between us and the relationship in this film. I
He considers, not wanting to bring any of the girls into this lest it not end well. They'll resent him for it, maybe- assuming things do turn out poorly. But at least they'll be alive.
"Fine," he snorts, digging his phone out of his pocket, opening up the map, "Matching leather jackets it is."
"You're such a girl." Dean mumbles, then pulls away to scrub a rough hand through Sam's hair, mussing it up like only big brothers are allowed to do, and patting a firm hand on his back. And that's Dean, trying not to show how much those words matter to him.
In the bunker you can't always tell outright what time of day it is with the lack of anywhere at all for sunlight to filter in. But there's still other ways you can know, if you pay attention to the bones of the building.
Crowley switches gears to a lighter topic, but doesn't stop talking about nothing at all for the duration of the ride. At least he's not talking about Dean, but if it's not that it's a show that Cas has never even heard of before, or it's this one demon who can't do anything without Crowley's say-so and texts him incessantly. It's a spat he had with his mother the other day. It's a coffee barista he had a conversation with early this morning... None of it is of any interest to Castiel whatsoever, yet he continues to hear about
like he does. But even him, knowing now that there is really a God out there, sometimes it's hard to think back to how he used to believe that Chuck might actually help someone like him if he prayed enough. If he was good enough. If he tried hard enough.
"Do you ever think about... humans? You- you form these prejudices based upon the nature someone was born. Treat one another differently because of it." He shrugs, still staring intently down at the screen, "I suppose humans aren't the only culprits. Angels tend to view themselves above any other creature... demons are looked down upon by everyone, of course... there's certainly many levels of monster species deemed more acceptable in the commonplace..."
He doesn't even know most of the people in this room. Sam does. He's greeting everyone like they're old friends. Cas probably knows all of them too, because Cas is just like that. He cares about people like that. Just like Sam. Why couldn't Cas fall in love with Sam? He's the better brother. They both would deserve each other more. Sam would know exactly what to say, too, to turn Cas down and still be just as close as before. Maybe that's how he deals with it.
But Crowley doesn't stop there, why would he? Instead, he lowers his voice, taunting, angling his body and eyes directly on the angel, "...Because I seem to remember a certain few months where he chose
Dean is here and he's safe and he's warm against Cas' chest... held too tight by an angel who's soul belongs to this one human so completely, he owns it without need of contract.
This is when human emotions make the least sense. Gender identity, sexuality, all of these inane subjects that have been made to matter so intently in their cultures. It's... upsetting to say the least. Love is made to be this ugly, brute thing simply because it looks a bit different. It’s something that must be hidden, or ashamed of, or lesser than something else.
Dean seems to let himself hold Cas for longer now than he would in front of anyone else. Because if he held him too long in front of someone else, they might see that Dean holds Cas differently than he does other people. Just like everything else, it's always been different between them.
The first thing he notices is the drawing. The one of Cas' true form that he'd sketched out for Dean months ago.
These... people. These people that are supposed to be there for her just turned their back. They make her feel disgusting, like she's this big evil thing instead of a little girl who's scared of the things she can do and just doesn't understand it.
Crowley parted ways a few hours ago to check in on Hell and see what he could do about sending some scouts in certain corners of the world to aid in the search. Cas was happy not to be involved in that part of the planning. Hell is not a place he particularly enjoys visiting.
." Dean shoves his palm against his dad's chest, screaming back, "Guess what? The demon's dead! It's over! So what's your excuse now?”
The front door is unlocked. Cas smoothly unsheathes the angel blade from his sleeve, following Crowley in through the entrance. Crowley, bravely, holds no sort of protection at all. Likely because at the first sign of danger he can simply teleport out… which is surely not the best backup Cas could've brought with him at a time like this, he's now realizing.
old wine in one of the storage rooms awhile back, and they've been saving it for some special occasions after deeming it not-cursed and safe to drink- now's as good a time as any to haul that bad boy out. So, while he and Jody sort through that, Alex and Donna pick through the boxes of Christmas decorations at the kitchen table. Claire, surprisingly, volunteers to help Dean- so, in a rare moment for him, he hands over a peeler and some potatoes to welcome the help. In a way, he's kind of touched she's reaching out a bit.
They walk together for a minute, heading back towards the games. Donna and Cas are currently challenging for the best prize at the balloon darts stand a few paces ahead. A tired mom brushes past the brothers, holding a sleeping kid in her arms, his drooping head tucked into her shoulder. The girls are competing with the squirt guns even further ahead, bells panging all the while until a buzzer cries out and is immediately replaced by Alex shrieking and pumping her fist in the air with the final
"Something's happened... Something's..." He breathes, voice firmer with each word, "Angel radio... there's so many voices."
"You have a respect for him." He pauses, "Besides, it was the only one left. It seems that many others agree with your opinion that he is the least of that friendship group. Though you two are actually very similar in retrospect."
"I have never once regretted the choices that have led me into your kinship, Dean. I don't know what more I can say to convince you that you're not the poison you think you are. If anything, you gave me life. It's because of you I have so many people who I care for and who care for me in turn. After all my time alive, I'd rather die today a broken angel with all of that, than live a thousand more years and never know what it was like to love and be loved by you."
"How many times am I gonna have to tell you not to do that again?" Dean aims for a joke but his voice cracks halfway through, words muffled by Cas' hair.
He laughs again, "Oh. Oh, I do enjoy an angel. But I understand your hesitation. You haven't exactly seen us at our best. Lady Bevell is a bit... excitable."
"You didn't just teach us how to survive, Dad. Don't you get that? Why do you think I even left for school? We were barely allowed to be
"It's a yes. It's obviously-" He drops Cas' hand. "You know what, nevermind, I revoke your music-picking privileges."
If he was roofied, he wouldn't remember where the hell that was, either. Maybe close to that park, wherever that was this morning.
Sam shakes his head, "It doesn't matter, guys. This is our shot. We just gotta find out where he's playing tonight."
Cas blinks, brow furrowing in concentration at the screen- a dark 50s pickup putters down the dirt road, parking uneasily several yards from the only other man in the lot. The two men spend a chunk of time there, avoiding one another's eye but still looking when the other isn't.
“Mm, guys. You know I could end you all with a snap of my finger?” Lucifer holds up his fingers, poised for the action as if in emphasis, then drops them.
But Cas rarely looks at Dean with that smitey look. Usually when he had, Dean was trying to die or do something stupid so the rest of them wouldn’t have to. And Cas looked like that because he’d been in love with him. Apparently.
Suitable that the John Winchester Rage Hate Hours are already in full swing today due to the Ouroboros script release. I put in a few of those hours myself just writing a few of the pieces here.
." He and Dean press down at the same time, lifting the carriage just high enough to allow Elijah to slide the wheel back into place. When it's locked in, they both ease up and let go, Elijah taking the reigns to finish tightening the bearings. Abraham nods to Dean and looks down at his son with pride.
ally. We only work with him when we don't have much choice not to. And in this case..." Dean shrugs, nodding to Sam for support, "It makes sense to keep him in our corner, so he doesn't run to Lucifer's."
Cas can hear the smile in his voice, and stops abruptly, turning to see Crowley sitting back with that very smug grin plastered to his face, dressed in all black and a fruity drink with a pink umbrella held high in one hand.
He likes this routine they’ve found themselves in. Huddled up after hunts and days in separate cars, passing out watching shit together. Well, Cas doesn’t pass out, but still.
With the corner of his eye, Sam catches Cas find his footing, angel blade slipping from his sleeve. John pulls out his own, eyes not waning from Lucifer.
"Why not? Sam is. It's finally quiet out there... it might be time." Cas pauses, putting a hand on Dean's shoulder and catching his gaze, "The choice is yours. Like I said, I'm by your side no matter what. I just want you to be happy, Dean, and I don't want you to settle for a hunter's life just because you think that's all you are and all you can be."
Claire shoves him off successfully first, shooting back, "Visiting the old folks home. Our good deed for the year. Someone's gotta make sure you haven't croaked in your sleep."
John comes to a stop by Dean's chair- remaining standing rather than taking up the gap on the couch between Sam and the demon.
He's trying to hold it together- still in the car with Dean- rage tempered but nearly bubbling over, quietly, silently. Somehow it doesn't feel right to freak out about it and get all emotional when Dean's not. But Sam's... he's...
. There's space next to Claire's chair just a little bit further to Cas' right. There's space behind them. There's space on the other side of the fire-pit. There's an abundance of places Cas could be standing right now but, like always, he's standing right up against Dean, their arms brushing. Is this still some socially-awkward angel carry-over? Or is it just because Cas
She snorts, side-eyeing him, "Could say the same to you. You don't seem much like the housewife type."
As fine as the man’s ever been, anyway. Gruff, angry, drunken old guy that he is and always has been. John Winchester’s “fine” is a couple scotches deep and not taking off for the hills first chance he gets.
Jody finishes up the final bit of batter and doles out a plate for herself, Cas, and Claire, still leaving behind a couple of towering stacks on the counter.
The bunker might not have a yard, but what it does have is a dirt road out front, an empty field, and no one around for miles to tell a bunch of hunters not to build a fire pit where they want to. Someone brought their grill, too, and the scent of smoke and charred meat fills the air.
When Sam turns his back on the devil, the twin doors- the only exit- start closing up simultaneously.
There's a short silence, the both of them watching the cams just for something to do, when John breaks it, voice soft, "So... you that worried about picking a fight with me?"
You tell yourself something like that for long enough and maybe it turns into the truth, or maybe it just turns you into someone else.
But Dean doesn't pay an ounce of attention to him. Guy doesn't know what they'll understand and what they won't- especially where Cas is concerned. Going on ten years, he probably knows him a lot better than Ishim ever did. Even if they'd been side by side in battle for a thousand years- it's clear Ishim doesn't know Cas like he does.
Sam sputters, backtracks, "I mean, Dean, we just keep digging ourselves into a hole and the only way out is to keep digging deeper."
"We're pretty slammed, so order quick if you wanna eat the next hour." She whips out a pen and notepad from her apron, "Or you just here for the booze?"
He's actually not even sure what state he's in. He and Crowley have just been wandering- on slim info- finding nothing. Odds are Lucifer hasn't even surfaced from the ocean yet, but they can't leave any stone unturned.
The pair step through and clomp down the metal staircase to the interior door, which rings out the same harsh metallic whine it always does at their entrance. The sound of returning home.
A few scrapes and a bumped up left half, but save for that, he’s conscious. Suppose he’s got the glass to thank for that. Might be all up in his business and raining down his collar to his nethers, but at least it’s not a bookcase and a concussion.
A few scattered shafts of moonlight penetrate the branches above, guiding his way where it counts until he finally gets to the break in the trees- and sees Sam's gargantuan silhouette marching this way, the front door clanging loudly behind him.
Cas sighs, picking at the corner of his pillowcase with his free hand, "If you're just indulging me, then please-"
They can both hear Dean groaning out a husky yawn from within the hallway, a few paces outside the library- on his way to the showers. A moment later, sure enough, those pipes creak and moan to wakefulness alongside him.
"Amen to that." Alicia says, striding back into the room with two beers in hand, passing one to her brother before plopping beside him on the couch.
“Okay. Good.” He nods, watching Jack and Ennis sit bicep to bicep at the bartop. Cas drops his gaze away from Dean's profile, back to the screen.
She's humming now, swaying peacefully back and forth- or maybe it's just a way to keep herself calm. She’s kneeling upright, head tilted skyward at the cross. The tattered dress hangs over her shoulders, slit open from the back, blood-soaked and leaving the gaping wounds untended and uncovered.
Maybe it hadn't been so bad for them growing up, since they always had each other. Without Sam and Dean, a room is just a room, a bed just a bed, the bunker is merely a bunker.
Dean clearly notes the lack of personal space. He doesn't comment, but does pull his head back a bit, mouth a thin line, tone short, eyes shifting around them, "’S fine, Cas."
"Captured by the very witches who've done this to your fellow here." She waves Dean up and down, bag's handle folded into the crease of her elbow, "I assume you'd like to join the rescue parade?"
A middle aged man rounds the corner from the back just as they approach. He looks them over, stepping in front of his own front door and down the step, "Can I help you?"
be if he was a different guy that could have different things. Things more than just moments, but lifetimes.
Dean cracks open the door quiet enough to ensure Sam doesn't stir, and stalks out to the car, dirt crunching beneath his heels. Cas doesn't startle when Dean wordlessly slides into place beside him and rests his ass against the trunk, arms crossed.
Sam fixes him with an empathetic look, "Dean, I don't know what your reservations are here and I know I don't know all the crap that's gone on between you guys over the years, but if I have any two cents to add, it's this: Cas has always been important to me. Always will be. But he's always been something
Sam hadn't been pissed last night. Worried, obviously- beyond worried, actually. But he hadn't been pissed until seeing Dean in the diner this morning, having obviously fallen back into his same cycle of not-dealing and very clearly self-destructing because of it.
"Mr. Winchester-" Mick takes a step forward, and both John and Cas shift on their feet, straightening up, "John- I came to this country to do one thing - make friends. But you American hunters, you're- you're a different breed than our sort. You're surly, suspicious."
Dean hasn't told Sam or Jack the whole story. They probably deserve to know. Maybe Jack already knows now since he's all-knowing or whatever, but it's different for Dean to say the words himself. It makes it more real. And then he'd have to see the look on Sam's face. That knowing look. That look that says all the things that Dean's been trying so hard to keep buttoned down for weeks. That look that Sam gets every time Cas is dead and Dean completely loses it. Except it'd be worse this time because Cas was in love with him and then Sam would know and he'd look at him like...
John's face is passive, emotionless, as he pulls out his ID, flashing it and pocketing in one smooth move, "Smith."
the one he's in love with? Even if you don't feel the same way, he's still important to you, right? Shouldn't that be something you work out together?"
Dean shuffles from foot to foot, bracing, ready for the next steps in this tango- and the demon dives forward with the blade swinging right, left, right again. Dean manages to narrowly duck out from each slash. He's got the demon blade in one hand- he just needs
Claire stirs by their feet, kicking a limb out wildly and hitting Alex, who sleepily slaps her away and curls further around her pillow.
He stuffs a couple of bills into the tip jar as the woman hands off the coffee, and nods in thanks, glancing at Dean once more before turning back to John at the table ahead.
"Well, again, what the hell?" Dean says, wiping off the corner of his mouth with a napkin, bunching it, and tossing it on his plate.
"Thanks, dad." Dean responds sarcastically, and gets to his feet. He offers a hand to Cas- who might even be a bit worse for wear than him- tugs him to his feet. Their sides clash together as Cas finds his footing. Dean steps away first.
The morning unfolds much the same. A slue of tired bodies busily chatting in the kitchen- Dean frying up bacon and eggs, Donna disappearing for a good thirty minutes to wake Jody, Sam being the bad influence for once and mixing up some bloody mary's to pair with breakfast.
"Did, uh-" He clears his throat, offering a shrug that's going towards nonchalant and kind of misses the mark. But he can't think of anything else to tack on to the end of that sentence, so, "Huh."
It must be nearing midnight. The moonlight leaks through the curtain, shafting strips of light onto the bed. Even though the moon is full, they don't have worries of werewolves on their minds. There's nothing chasing them today, and there hasn't been for a long time now.
John seems to soften for half a second as he pulls the driver's door open, halfway into the seat. He looks like he's about to say something but doesn't, and turns away without even glancing back up to revv up the engine and reverse out of the lot.
"I used to think you were invincible, man." He continues, "Not completely, but it just seemed for the longest time like nothing could really get to you. The longer you stuck around us, the more you got stuck with a bad hand. If it wasn't taking on Sam's crazy then it was Lucifer or something else. It's all just- always all in my mind, all that
The door's partially ajar when he taps on it, and it swings open inward. Sam isn't as touchy about his privacy and his space like Dean is- which is readily apparent in the way he treats his bedroom.
He hears the rumble of Sam's voice raising with more air of authority, his shoulders tensing. When the dark-haired man speaks next, both brothers visibly stiffen. Well, visibly enough for Cas- the conversation with the other two bald men seems to remain fairly civil- until the dark-haired man sweeps a hand towards the Impala, drawing their attention to it, and he goes for his waist. Dean catches his arm, swinging his other to sucker a punch on the edge of the man's jaw.
He reaches around and pulls his pistol from its home tucked at the small of his back, cocks it, steps over and around the splotches on the floor.
Cas peers up, then frowns back at his phone, other hand firm on the crank to roll the window down completely. There's no real point to it anymore, though, the conversation has ceased.
He comes up beside his brother, looking down at the clear body of the man on the security footage. Not good.
"Did you pay?" Asks the stand up citizen of the week- brows raised, hands in his pockets- that same annoyed concern on his face.
John raises his chin, huffing out an affirmative gruff with a small nod, but he doesn't appear to let his guard down any. They both look back to Dean when he breaks the silence.
Dean bolts from the room, passing through the living room and settling by the stairs where no one's stares linger. He takes a seat at the edge of the third step, pretending to busy on his phone while taking small sips from his beer, heart hammering in his chest.
"You're fine now." Cas says coldly, turning quickly to Ishim's side instead, gathering the angel up in his arms to pull back to his feet, "Dean, the car."
Dean hasn't been to the old Singer Salvage Yard in years. They're only on the road another couple of minutes before rolling up to the front, and based on the look of the place no one else has been around either. Bobby never did keep it completely weedwacked and shiny as a penny, but it used to at least look lived in. Now there's patches of grass where there used to be dirt, and full grown shrubbery inhabit the rustbuckets they used to use for parts. The house is little more than a ruin, the wilds already taking that back as well, with vines covering what used to be charred stairs.
Even with the rest of the boys still carrying on loudly all around them, Castiel’s never felt so awkward and it’s safe to say that he’s never changed quicker, gathering all his wet things and dashing out as fast as he can before the embarrassment completely consumes him.
Dean asks why it didn’t just grab him as soon as Castiel came back to camp. Nyree explains its vessel was very weak. Dean remembers what Mary said of it and he thinks he understands. Its power was too great to be held within her so all of its strength was being used to hold the vessel together. Probably why Dean so easily caught up to it when it was running away.
Castiel’s hands clench into fists, frustration building inside of him. “We need to get back. It’s not safe out here.”
Because what if this is where the king is keeping the halo? He scouted the exits from the library fully yesterday and there was only a small time slot for him to be able to slip out unnoticed. But to go anywhere without someone seeing him – and seemingly everyone knows his face around here – it would be nearly impossible. The only other way is to slip out at night and scale the castle until he can slip into the king’s chambers – but he’d have to find the time when the king wouldn’t be there. And being around Dean all day, being expected to stay by his side at all times – it would be hard to find.
Or at least he thought it was before Gwen finally gets run out and with a sigh heads straight over to him after handing the bat off to Mark.
“I’m not so sure. This one – he doesn’t appear to be hurt easi…” His father trails off, Dean leaning dangerously close to the window now.
Dean’s eyes flick up to Castiel’s own. His throat bobs, swallowing around the anxiety that sits there but finally nods and Dean surges forward, lips crashing into his own as he shoves his hand down past Castiel’s trousers and undergarments until his hand is hot and hard on his twitching cock.
Michael stumbles back, standing now where Dean once stood. He looks down at his chest, raising his hands slowly to the dagger embedded there.
"Right," Dean says, nodding but the disappointment is clear in his voice and Castiel sort of feels bad for him.
Dean barely has time to process what he’s just learned – what he’s just seen when there’s the sound of a low horn. Castiel steps swiftly forward and a few moments later the horn sounds again.
have been.” Dean stares at him with that knowing smile on his face and Castiel holds back his own that threatens to reveal itself. “Fine. You were very charming and handsome even when I wasn’t interested.”
They eat dinner in the kitchen and although Sam and Mervyn aren’t present, it’s certainly not a place where Castiel can discuss what he wants to with Dean. All he needs is a few moments to apologise and that’s it. If Dean really hates him and doesn’t want to even be touched by him then he won’t have to suffer through telling him that they can’t be together. At least that’s something.
Dean’s eyes widen, finally understanding. “She said it was like they were jumping from one place to the next. Through all of space and time.”
When he first found it with his mother, they made markings in the trees so that they could always find their way back. The markings have long since faded and the only map Dean has is the one in his mind.
When he finally stops, a few yards from Patrus’s reach and reappears he throws everything he has into fully placing his hold on Patrus, dropping his daggers to the ground.
When they finally pull away, panting and out of breath, Dean rests his forehead against Castiel’s. Castiel lets out a shaky laugh and Dean looks across to see a few tears streaming down his face.
Castiel grasps onto any courage he can find. “There’s not much to say,” he starts, throat already tight. “Everything was fine one moment. There was a festival being held at the royal castle. Almost everyone was there.” He swallows. “It only meant that it was easier for the soldiers to slaughter everyone.”
And it had something to do with the legends. The religion. But he can’t remember the details of that either – only of gods of light and dark, an angel falling for a human, and all angels falling because of them.
“You know, they’ve all said the same thing at one point or another.” His voice is soft and damning. Any hope left withers inside of him. “It took me a long fucking time to figure out that I don’t deserve to be treated like shit. But I have. And from this point forward,” he looks up then and Dean knows it’s over, “I won’t settle for less.”
Dean rises, walking towards him to find Castiel kneeling, palm bleeding with a small cut from where he must have caught it on the sharp edge of the armour. Dean has cuts of his own from the last few days too.
He almost passes it by, almost turns on his heel to wander back to where Catharlo will be waiting for him. But then he catches a glimmer of something golden between the shelves. His boots are silent on the stone floor as he slinks across towards the shelves and as he squints between the heavy bound books he knows what he’s seen is true. A golden band glinting from where it is wrapped around a bicep. A general. And another across from him, his own golden band clear around his arm.
The servants have already departed once he steps back into the dining hall. He takes his seat once again and stares at the food in front of him.
“You saved the world. You saved us all. And all of those to come. And all those that came.” Sam places the small wooden horse beside Castiel. “You deserved more. I hope one day you feel the world is worthy of you.”
Dean feels something strange in his chest. Perhaps, something akin to disappointment because maybe he’s thought too highly of Castiel. Maybe his crush has made him blind. Because yeah, his friends can be annoying - he knows that better than anyone - but that’s no way to fucking act.
And there is sorrow inside of him. Sorrow that he missed it. That he spent so much of his life looking through the wrong side of the world. His mother…an angel. Not the hateful one he had been led to believe slashed across his skin at the way he loved. His father, never able to tell him the truth – choosing instead to protect him through lies.
But standing before the castle, spread across the grassy plain is an army. The demon’s own. But he recognises those at the front immediately.
Dean’s lips curve into a smile. “Yes, well, you’ve never been very good at taking a compliment,” he says, with a teasing wink. Castiel huffs, batting Dean’s hands away but smiles nonetheless.
But he’s not afraid anymore. After all, there’s a power thrumming through his veins, carrying along with his every step.
. And there it is. The disappointment. Because obviously Cas would just do the exact same thing as the couple are doing on the example pictures. Smiling in the first one, head rested on the shoulder in the second one, a kiss in the cheek in the third one, and a kiss on the lips in the last one.
Castiel rests his head back against the carriage and closes his eyes. And for a small, fleeting moment he thinks about praying to Leuric to ask for him to be able to get out of this without hurting the crown prince.
Brady laughs obnoxiously beside him. “Ohhhhh, he’s got bite, dude! I like that.” Castiel finally tears his gaze away from Sebastian to stare at Brady and it’s pretty easy to see how annoyed he already looks at everyone.
It turned out he didn't have to. He saw Castiel on campus one day and after standing frozen for a whole minute went over and said hi. To his former best friend. To his former boyfriend.
“What are you talking about?” And he knows he should stop because this is just cruel but he’s impulsive and angry and so damned tired of his kind being treated as the villains.
Mary is the first to spot him, a smile blooming wide on her sun weathered face as he approaches. Something inside of him falters and he thinks that in this next week he will spend as much time with her as is possible, wanting to soak up as much of the warmth from her smile and her touch as he can. Wanting to memorise the weight of her arms surrounding him – the memories from when he was younger only a faint shadow.
“Don’t mock me,” Castiel says, just low enough so the guards can’t hear and suddenly he’s not a boy anymore, even though his posture hasn’t changed. Dean sits back in his chair, hands raised as if to tame a wild animal.
“I’m sorry,” he starts, and there’s more, there’s much more, but his throat restricts even further now.
He stands his chest caving inwards and the tears finally spill over the edge as he kicks the bucket as hard as he can across the room. It splinters and water floods everywhere but he pays it no mind. He slides to the floor, back against the wall, the sobs finally wracking from his body.
He knocks, not knowing if he should just be waltzing right in. As he waits, he glances to the abandoned cabin down by the trees.
She turns on her heel, flitting about the room- tugging the table by the window into the center and grabbing a series of items to stack on top of it- bowls and a mess of other things. Dean reaches out a hand, tapping one of the glass vials- but she smacks his hand away just as fast without a word, crouching down on the ground to draw a perfect circle.
"Yes. Though, we'd been in touch for some time before you'd asked." He pauses, "I like her. She's... very nice. I think hard-headed had been a good descriptor."
He forces himself to sit through the whole thing, cause anything less is just him having to admit exactly why it all bothered him. Why it keeps bothering him. Why he’s pissed at Ennis for not sticking with Jack, why he completely understands why he didn’t…
The lights cut out, plunging the building to darkness- the smallest amount of moonlight filtering through the windows being the only thing offering any kind of visibility.
Cas watches him go, crumpling into a heap over shattered glass and splintered furniture. He turns back to the fight-
Dean almost gets up and leaves right there. Sex, he can sit through. Men, women, men and men, women and women, a whole mess of in-between. Whatever. He can do that.
Dean turns to him, face softening. He nods idly, then turns to better look him in the eye, "Dad, look, I’m happy you're back. Really. I'm just-"
This is gonna be it, isn't it? He gets to have this. So many mornings, holidays, days in between where they can just be people together and... this is it. Cas is it. Shut the doors, lock up, and close business. Cas is it for him.
"No, of course it's not wasted..." He agrees, distant, listening to the clanking of the pipes peter out as Dean shuts off the water, "But it does pose an interesting thought. How similar we are to those in our opposition."
Crowley's face softens for the first time, meeting Cas' eye, "Despite the whole natural enemies bit... I truly do consider you a friend. I tease because someone bloody has to if it gets one of you morons to get your head out of the sand. Everyone loves a little will-they won't-they, but when the ratings drop it's time for Booth and Brennan to cut through that tension with a knife and get to the gooey bits."
"Mmhm," She eyes him, but smiles, turning to flip the bacon, "I can read you like a book, Dean Winchester. Somethin's up."
Dean pauses, taking in the angel next to him. "You didn't do anything wrong, Cas. I've been the dick." Why did Dean sit so close to him? Their sides are practically squashed together, and there's a hell of a lot of bed space in either direction he could've spread out on instead. But Cas is just nice to be near. The warmth on his side a reminder that he's really here and really alive. "That's why I was trying to find you- set things right."
Dean strides forward those last couple steps where Cas stands waiting, arms just barely outstretched like he's not sure Dean's gonna fall into them or not.
"What's that?" Sam nods at the thing Cas is currently trying to cover with both hands in his lap- looking
Cas' instincts tell him the smile isn't a genuine one, that there's something behind his eyes not telling the truth in it. But he also thinks that's that hope again to lay trust where he shouldn't.
"We need ice." Dean says, pointing at the bucket in his hands as Sam only holds up a finger in response.
Dean grunts, his back hitting the ground with John on top of him, legs pinning him in place, blade fisted in his right hand and raised over his son's chest.
"I'm Father Penn of the Dubuque Archdiocese," Sam introduces himself first, then waves a hand to Dean, "This is-"
”Several years ago. I tend to not eat now because it’s generally... less than pleasurable. There’s too many tastes.. it’s overwhelming. Simple things, though, are not bad.” He raises his mug, “Like coffee.”
"Why would you think that?" He asks, forcing himself to unclench his jaw to take a nonchalant sip of beer.
Dean hasn't uttered a word through any of this. Just going through the motions. Doing his part so Sam doesn't have to.
If it wasn't for those boys, he'd have let himself kick the bucket again in no time since crawling back from the grave. Even with them he's not sure all that he's doing. Nothin' but buttin' heads all around and tugging in different directions.
It's not a bad idea, though. If they don't get anywhere with the footage now, maybe he can download the file and forward it to Eileen. She might be able to capture a few words they can't.
"Oh?" He quirks a brow, clicking his tongue. Cas keeps his eyes on the road, but feels Crowley's gaze on him, "Going back on a man's final wish?
He digs the flask from the inside pocket of his jacket, looking up to the sky as he unscrews the lid. A star shoots low and thin across the black. Just a flash. Blink and you'd miss it.
Dean looks up to see Cas also looking towards the floor now, and that hollow in Dean’s chest is back because he doesn’t want Cas to feel ashamed or to look away. Man, he’s so fucking selfish, but he likes it when Cas looks at him. He doesn’t want him to start changing now. Not because of Dean's stupid mouth.
Who needs to respect their kids, right? Give 'em the time of day? Some peace of mind maybe? An apology?
"No." Kelly closes her eyes, shaking her head definitively- but in the way people always do when they know they've just been proven of the impossible, "Oh, no."
Dean's brain kind of fizzles out there. Like a loose wire hitting a puddle and the sparks fly out and everything goes dark for awhile.
Jesus, why does he care so much what his dad thinks, anyway? He’s a grown man. And he's lived out from under dad's thumb for years. A full decade. Over a decade, really.
, the white in her eyes turning to flame, scorching out their sockets- with the man's hand palmed flat against her forehead.
Dean catches Cas looking at them, too, from the end of the table. Does Cas want that with Dean? To be all soft and snuggly and
Something burning in the kitchen offends Dean’s nostrils into consciousness. His overwhelming nausea warns that it’s far too early to be awake, but he gets up against his better judgment. The room spins sideways as he shifts to sit up, and a groan escapes his chest.
"Anybody else?" She spreads her arms wide, eyes flicking between each body in the room like a predator looking for the easiest prey- or maybe just playing with its prey. "Nope? Fine."
Dean looks Cas up and down, "You ever consider switching up your duds there? Bit stiff for this town.”
Dean shakes his head, speaking rapidly as he watches Max and Alicia join the rest of the crew, "It was a one-time deal. Won't happen again. Is this everybody?"
"Where else would you be?" It's a genuine question, but there's a moment of pause where Cas doesn't seem to know how to answer- and Dean gets it... like a slap to the face.
He's trying very hard not to look at the clock. If he doesn't look, the time might not tick away as fast.
It's not damning. Certainly a clue, but hardly an admission of guilt to dark witchcraft. Wiccan people exist in all realms of life, some cornered into the magical and others simply communing with nature in a strictly innocent manner.
In the end, there's nothing except Sam's wrecked face streaked with tears carving rivers through the drying blood.
He dips his head into the crook of Cas' shoulder and loosens one hand to thread his fingers into the angel's hair and knot themselves there. Eyes starting to gloss, Dean has to urge himself to pull it together. Because now isn't the time. There could still be more vamps out there. They need to call everyone else, do a few rounds, and figure this whole thing out. He takes in a sharp breath and separates suddenly, one hand on Cas' shoulder to steady himself and push away.
Just as Lily's sent to the ground, Sam comes up behind Ishim with his own blade, managing a slice across the man's upper arm- white light leaking from the open wound. But Ishim, again, reacts too quickly, throwing an elbow back and landing a blow to Sam's face, sending him to the floor.
Dean's eyes dart to Sam, then back to their dad, and he chooses the course of action first- marching forward and tugging John into the next room. Past the front door, past the stairs, and far far away from prying ears in the living room.
"I suppose you're right." He pauses, considering, "You think it's better to acknowledge the past rather than simply moving past it as they'd like to?"
He'd only allowed himself a few moments to stay there, to take in the broken image of Dean crouched in the dirt, tears streaming down blood-spattered cheeks, before he disappeared again. Leaving him there, not understanding that although Dean was safe without him, he'd somehow wormed his way into Dean's heart just enough that Dean couldn't live with himself if he'd left him behind. He'll destroy himself with his love, happily.
"Oh, yeah." Dean nods, and chuckles at his own private joke. He'd rather not know God at all. He'd rather have never met the man- guy, whatever. "Yeah, we're... we're besties.”
"Tell everyone." Alicia speaks up, lip curled, "Every hunter we meet. They're gonna know your name, Bucky. Know what you did."
Vince’s worn body crumples to the floor, his face sinking in on itself until it’s little more than a half-decomposed mass of flesh.
"So now..." He pants, fixing his tie, his shirt, "I'm gonna help you. I'm gonna cure you of your human weakness, same way I cured my own-" A blade falls out from his own sleeve, into his hand, "By
Stepping in on the other side of the table to look his son in the eye, he lowers his voice, just barely, "Company you're keeping... What the hell are you thinking, son?"
" He mutters, forcefully tapping on the call button several more times as if that's gonna do a damned thing.
"Yeah, I'll bet." He spits back, a grim frown etched into his cheeks, "Hop into bed with anyone else while I've been gone?"
"Evenin' darlin, take a seat wherever." She waves a hand lazily, metal bracelets rattling with the movement, and her voice is thick, gravelly, "I'll get to ya in a minute, okay?"
Cas' hand is still on Dean's chest, and Dean's so aware of it now he can do nothing to stop his heartbeat's fluttering uptick. He wonders absently how stern a prayer has to be to be a prayer. If Cas can just feel him laying here begging him to stay here all the time, always, without ever actually choking the words out. If he can tell that Dean's just laying here, thinking, in a brain covered in sleepy haziness and waning alcohol, about how nice it is waking up and seeing this stupid face right beside him.
Dean grins wide at the guy's messily powdered cheeks and wants to wipe it off just to have an excuse to touch his face. Cas looks like he might have a bit of a sunburn, too. A soft pink tingeing to his nose and cheeks. Maybe that's another new human thing Dean will have to pay attention to. Or maybe it's a blush, because Cas is looking back at Dean with that soft look in his eye like Dean introducing him to some 2$ sugared bread is a memory he's gonna cherish forever. Maybe he will. Dean knows
He shoves his hands deep in his jeans, regarding Cas a long minute, "So, you gonna tell me why you're throwing hooks at the old man? Not saying he probably didn't deserve it, but-"
Dean prods a finger on the sticky tabletop, and they're all quiet while the waitress awkwardly fills heir mugs to the brim with a fresh brew.
"Yes." Cas agrees, digging his hands deeper in his pockets, the weight of his uselessness burdening down.
"You have a robe at home you specifically call your 'dead-guy robe'" Cas uses finger quotes, matching Dean's whispered tone, "How is this different?"
Dean brings a hand to Cas' cheek, sliding his thumb lightly up the angel's cheekbone. He moves in closer and feels Cas' heart thrumming erratically beneath his fingertips as they brush the angel's neck. Cas stares, just stares at Dean, and he's completely frozen, but when Dean is mere inches away his eyes flutter closed with a stuttered breath. He brings both hands up to grasp at Dean's flannel, just holding on. Dean brings his lips to Cas' opposite cheek, planting the lightest of kisses beneath his eye.
"Ride a' some kind," Elka clicks her tongue, laughing, and shoves him off of her, planting her feet firm on the tile again.
But why the fuck is it on Castiel’s lock screen? Dean’s heart twinges in his chest, his hand gripping tight around his beer.
And he can’t do anything as Castiel finally walks away, the darkness consuming him and Dean continues to stand there long after he’s gone, a dull ache in his chest, silent tears staining his face, all the while, knowing that he just lost something that perhaps meant more to him than he ever knew.
“No. It was my fault,” he says, eyes on the table in front of him. “I told Dean that I was an angel and that’s what led to--”
He doesn’t remember Michael being like this before the last battle. But he knows he cannot ask outright. His brother doesn’t like explaining himself.
But… “Um, no, I’m just finishing up here,” he says, nodding towards his clipboard, “and then making my way home.”
Dean’s face brightens. “Yeah, sure. Let me just get my stuff.” Castiel nods, warmth spreading throughout his chest as he goes over to grab his own things. They make their way down to the storage room together, not even Dean’s friends saying anything about it.
Dean takes a breath before he turns, not needing this to get more out of hand than it already is. “Get out.”
Castiel cuts him off before he can even get started on this absurd interrogation. “I’m not sure if you noticed but we aren’t here to run around with the town’s women. We have a job to do and I know you don’t like it but that’s how it is.”
When he does, the reaction is immediate, the light recognising him just as the wings and halo did. It stretches towards him, curling up towards his mouth and it’s nothing more than air as it enters his mouth and curls tight in his chest and his stomach.
It’s only when they’re walking back to Dean’s dorm, Castiel having to go that way as well, when Dean hears his name being called. Both turn their heads to find none other than Brady, Sebastian and Cillian sitting at one of the benches in the park area, the former two waving for them to come over.
Dean blinks before his chest is a tidal wave of warmth. “Oh,” he says simply, because he honestly can’t quite believe what’s happening right now.
“I won them. From all the stalls,” Castiel says, and Dean doesn’t think he’s laughed so hard watching Castiel go from every single stall in the festival and win every single carved horse they had on offer. Although, the one Sam gave to Castiel still sits on their desk in their chambers.
He hesitates before grabbing Sam’s bare hand, holding it firm in his own. “Are you alright?” he asks gently.
Castiel offers him a grateful smile. How did he end up so lucky? A man many would be with only in their dreams. And yet here he is.
Anxiety spikes in him as he realises that despite the unlikeliness of the situation, it was resting on his shoulders to use his power to make himself, Dean and Sam vanish if they were pulled over in the carriage they took from Anathee. Thankfully, they weren’t but if he can’t even get himself to disappear for a moment now, perhaps he used up all his energy when the guards almost stumbled upon them in Charlie’s inn…
He can hear yelling behind him but he doesn’t give in, leaving the hall out into the bright fields but still focusing on the lone figure ahead of him, running for the forest.
The colours of the walls and designs of the wallpapers change throughout their journey, however, instead of feeling overwhelming they somehow blend into each other seamlessly. He passes many sets of doors, all wooden with silver or gold handles and locks, and more artistic designs painted across them. Most of them, unfortunately, are shut making it much harder to understand where exactly everything is, although he’s sure he’ll find that out sooner or later.
Dean shakes his head. “I don’t want to train this morning. We should go somewhere else.” Castiel tilts his head. He’s not particularly in the mood for training either but at least it would have distracted him. Although…
Everything passed in a blur after he fell. All he knows is that his knees were for a moment resting against the hard earth and in another he was gently laid down into bed, Dean’s face above him, fingers brushing away the wetness from his cheeks.
“Castiel,” Michael says again, more urgent now and suddenly two thick arms are enveloping his chest and ripping him up and away from Dean and Castiel watches, throat filled with bile as his body slumps down into the mud. “The halo, do you have it? Tell me you have it.”
“You will report directly to the prince himself. He’ll most likely be in his chambers and if not, you can report back to me.” Dimarus smiles. “Good. Let Emery in now, would you?” Catharlo nods and exits the room. Emery waits in the hall, a smile in his eyes when he looks at Catharlo.
The forest is suddenly very quiet. A few moments pass and then another, longer inconsistent tune sounds back. Goosebumps ripple up Dean's arms.
"Dean," Castiel urges, raising his eyebrows and nodding over Dean's shoulder. Dean seems to catch on, standing and moving out of the way as two girls approach the counter. Castiel can still see Dean smirking from the corner of his eye. "Good morning. How may I help you?"
“You think I would entrust this mission to a simple demon?” they say, stepping ever closer. “How could you think so little of me? Either way, no demon even protected by me could have withstood that spell.”
“Well, Castiel,” he starts, the name curling off his tongue with ease. “It’s your lucky day.” He pauses, his eyes giving Castiel a once over. “I want to see if you are as good as they say you are. There aren’t many men who can take down one of my guards, let alone six. A few of which, are some of my best men.”
Sam and Leda’s siblings have run off somewhere else and Castiel is in fact making his way back towards them.
He places what he hopes to be a gentle, comforting hand on Dean’s shoulder before he ducks his head to hold Dean’s eyes.
Castiel shrugs out of his jerkin, stands still for a few moments, holding Dean’s eyes once more – and Dean notices the way his chest heaves, breaths coming quicker – before he takes the hem of his shirt between his fingers and pulls it over his head.
And the pain in Michael’s eyes is too much and Castiel has to swallow the sobs that threaten to rise. His wings curl around his brother, Michael’s own struggling to hold themselves up.
And Dean looks at him as though he hasn’t just said those words. As though they don’t mean what they do. As though his face isn’t near black from the bruises and ropes aren’t cutting into his wrists and his ribs aren’t stained purple beneath his ripped, filthy shirt and any words have left him and he doesn’t know what to say, how to say, did he really just say--
Dimarus holds Castiel's gaze a moment, eyes hard before they flick towards Dean. Dean gazes back, hoping to convey something reassuring. Dimarus stares at him another moment or two before he nods.
They’ve been training for a while when Dean finally hunches over. Castiel steps towards him, afraid he’s done something wrong but Dean holds out a hand to keep him away. “I need to sit down. I think I’m gonna be sick.
“Family,” he says, repeats the word aloud like it’s foreign – like it’s only supposed to be surrounded by pain and grief. And yet, he doesn’t feel either of those things. In their usual places is yearning. Hope.
He curses whoever the fuck that guy was for hurting Castiel like this – for hitting him like that. It was most likely that ex that kept bugging Castiel when they were hanging out but he still won’t ask. It’s not his business.
The car door whips open and Castiel sits down heavily beside him before Dean can put the photo back. His eyes go wide when he spots what Dean's holding.
The kitchen sits to their right, an open long serving window where a few other generals wait to grab their food. The cooks and servants are bustling inside, preparing and cleaning, a few eyes finding Dean and shouting at the others. Instead of lining up, Dean walks straight past to the head table, Sam grinning as he sees him approach.
“Why don’t you enlighten me?” Dean says, gesturing towards Castiel with his hand. Castiel lets out a frustrated sigh and his eyes flick down to the dirty floor, rehearsing the speech in his head for a moment before meeting Dean’s again. There’s no room for slip ups or suspicion. Nothing to tie him to the angels. Nothing to imply he is in angel, although that would be a stretch. Every angel has wings – or at least wings that can be seen. There’s nothing to indicate he is anything but human.
He bites his lip again to stop his whimpers from falling as he climbs onto the bed and curls onto his side.
“So, everything – everything he did to you, everything you’ve been through – when you laid yourself bare for all and told everyone but him most of all, that you wouldn’t take it anymore…” Dean looks at him and he thinks he might see disappointment. Castiel flicks his gaze to the floor, tears stinging the back of his eyes. “And this is it?”
Nyree told him she would have offered the crown to him but since he was outed to the people as corrupted it might take them longer to trust the angels. Sam, of course, was spared and along with the kingdom’s old Captain at his right hand, it will hopefully help speed things along.
And so, he moves like the wind, gracious and light across the outer wall of the castle, fingers and feet finding purchase in the smallest of cracks and stones that jut out. The king’s chambers are located at the other end of the castle, beside the chambers of the queen, making it a fortunately short journey.
But there’s a quiet desperation in Michael’s eyes and so Castiel nods, not allowing his voice to speak for him.
He’s tried to push it out of his mind but it’s inevitable. He ponders it now for hours after he’s woken, unmoving in his bed until the hunger is too much to ignore and he quickly gets dressed and makes his way into the dining hall.
“Yes. But worry about it once you have returned to camp with the grace. Now enough of this. Go. Now.”
"Thank you. And I promise," Dean says, before ducking back out into the hall. He glances back over his shoulder one last time before the door shuts to find Dimarus' eyes wary.
Emery steals one last glance inside, spying Leda slumped in a chair, shoulders shaking and hands covering her mouth as Dimarus kneels in front of her, a sympathetic look on his face, before he gently closes the door.
Castiel’s eyes are bright with a soft kind of amusement, a smile pulling at his lips. And he’s strikingly beautiful.
Behind him someone screams his name. And all he can think as he slowly, painfully pulls the sword from his stomach, from where it came out through his back, is that
The guard already in the circle finally stands again, still shaking out his hands as he picks his sword back up from the ground. The two of them stand side by side. The arrogance from the guard’s face is gone, replaced this time by thinly veiled embarrassment. Castiel almost feels sorry for him.
About a month ago Castiel had seen the advertisements for their city's Diverse Writer's Festival. He'd been itching to ask Dean if he wanted to go with Castiel but hadn't been able to build up the courage. He knows it shouldn't be a big deal and his parents keep pestering him about whether he's asked or not but it feels different to when they go and have lunch next door.
“Doubt is good,” the woman says, as Dean narrows his eyes. “You should never have blind faith in any one thing.
Castiel twirls his sword in his palm again, grip tightening. “That rule does not apply to me when facing you.”
Dean’s surprised, arousal stirring low in his gut when after only a few moments, Castiel’s hips shift and he begins to rock himself back and forth on his finger. Dean groans into his skin and swiftly adds a second, Castiel squirming above him.
“You couldn’t have known what would happen. You couldn’t have planned for it. The demon would have killed you if you’d stayed. You being alive…it’s everything,” Dean says, voice cracking but it sits heavy in his chest, all of those what if’s lingering in his mind.
How can that be? Mary didn’t go missing on the night before the invasion. How did it get covered up for so long. Unless of course…
"It will take you two nights, not including tonight to walk to the north-east sentry point," Orella continues, looking at Dean now because of course Castiel already knows where he's heading – knows what it'll take. This is his home after all. “We would give you horses if we could. But you would be spotted for sure and you'd have to go a longer way around as they won't be able to cut through some of the dense forest."
"Single?" Castiel asks, eyebrows raised. "Would've thought a nice young lady would have picked a handsome man like yourself up by now." Dean's heart pounds a little bit faster in his chest. Handsome. Castiel just called him handsome. He's almost too flustered to realise the opportunity in front of him. Almost.
His father says nothing for a moment and Dean is suddenly distinctly aware of the king’s guard in the room listening. “You
Dean’s eyes are downcast but his face is still infuriatingly calm and from one glance Castiel can tell that his words are meaningless. That Dean won’t take no for an answer. And he wishes that there wasn’t anyone else in the room. Because then he might even fall to his knees and beg for him not to try.
"Gross, Dean." Castiel shoves him away, wiping the wetness from his face and adjusting his glasses. "I don't want your slobber all over me." Dean raises his eyebrows.
He forgot how foul it smelt. He’s glad he did. He doesn’t want to ever remember what blood, piss and shit smell like. It’s almost enough to make him wretch. The guards don’t bother with putting a bag over his head. He already knows where he is. Nor do they bother with shackling his hands or feet. After all, he chose this.
Dean swallows and nods his thanks. He doesn’t say that sometimes when Castiel looks at him, it’s as though he doesn’t see him standing there at all. And that perhaps, that day up on the hill, part of Castiel died there and slipped away with all the other souls.
And he knows he’s made the right decision when Dean’s palms rest over his hips once more, skin against skin, and kisses him forcefully, drawing all the breath from his lungs.
Castiel’s lips tremble, tears pressing against the back of his eyelids, panic like bile in his mouth.
Dean finds his space next to Dimarus on the platform, who gives him a curt nod, ushering Castiel to stand behind him. Gazing to the side, he sees Sam find his place next to another general, Mervyn taking his usual place behind him.
“Yeah. Right, well…I’ll see you on Wednesday, then?” Castiel nods and Dean shoots him a trademark grin, shyness all but vanished, before jogging over to his friends.
Dean closes his eyes, fists clench into his sides. “You think I don’t know that?” Castiel stares at the floor. Dean swallows, pulling him inside his chambers and shutting the door behind him. Castiel doesn’t resist but the distance between them is greater now and it hurts. “Cas, just listen to me, okay, we can--”
Castiel’s eyes widen slightly but he doesn’t say anything. “They said that we royals hadn’t done anything to help them. That we’d let their town fall to pieces and expected them to clean it all up.” He knows it’s a lie. He knows his father has sent a generous amount of coin to the town for them to build themselves up again. “They were going to bargain with the king for gold and whenever he refused they would…cut off a piece of me and send it to him to show how serious they were.” He definitely remembers when he heard that. If he wasn’t already afraid, that made him petrified because he knows that his father would have never wielded. They would have cut off pieces and pieces until there was nothing left.
He remembers the scars Castiel apparently has. And to see him pushed to the ground – not even trying to resist with what Dean thought was tears in his eyes. Seeing him chained up to the post was just as bad. Even if Castiel didn’t look scared.
And Dean catches him. Like he always has. Taking a few steps backward to regain himself before burying his head in Castiel’s neck and squeezing him so tight Castiel can barely breathe.
But it only does so much and every night Dean goes to bed, Castiel with his eyes already closed, never knowing if he ever truly sleeps through, heart aching all the while.
Or perhaps he's speaking too soon. Perhaps in a day, in a week, in a full moon cycle, he'll want nothing more than to go back to his old life. A sliver of shame washes over him at the thought. Because isn't it what he's been training for his whole life? To protect and serve his people? It's only now that he understands it's not just the people of Torrin. It's the people of the world.
“Leave,” Dean says, and after a moment’s pause the men behind him start walking towards the door, Castiel following after them. Dean doesn’t know why he does it but he shakes his head, pointing towards Castiel. “No, you stay. Just…” Dean looks at the other four guards, now hesitant, “Leave the doors open and wait outside. I won’t be long.” They bow, before taking leave.
He gasps in a breath and it’s only now that he realises he still has dried blood on his face but his mind never slips away back to those dreadful memories because perhaps there’s a worse one here and now--
The last thing Dean sees is Castiel's back disappearing around a corner and suddenly this is all very, very real. He turns back just in time to stumble into Dimarus open arm's, waiting there to catch him, Mervyn already whisking Sam to his side.
All eyes fall on Dean now as he grits his teeth. “More like best friends actually,” he says, eyes trained on his beer in front of him.
“You’ve been hit in the head, Dean. You can ask questions later but for now we need to get back to the inn. Do you think you can stand?”
The sound of footsteps halt his thoughts and Castiel turns his head to see four guards round the corner and walk down the barely lit passage to stop in front of Castiel’s cell. He recognises Nicolaus first, his eyes feral and with the scowl Castiel is becoming so accustomed to. He recognises another guard as the one who chained the shackle around his neck. The others he doesn’t know, although look pleased with themselves and he doesn’t have to guess to understand what is going to happen.
Castiel doesn’t spare him a glance as he’s patted down for weapons, the guards compiling them on the table along with his two silver bands before he’s dragged away.
The bag of supplies Charlie gave them sits between Dean and Castiel and Castiel wishes it wasn't. All he wants to do is press his side up against Dean's, rest his head on his shoulder so he can breathe properly. But instead he sits, hands clutching at the seat beneath him. He's not sure how long it's been of stops and starts as they make their way through the crowded streets when Castiel feels something tangle in his hand. He glances down to find Dean's hand resting in his own, hidden behind the bag, blocking the view from Sam or William's eyes.
“Take him to the ring. Give him a wooden sword and remove the shackles from his feet,” the prince commands, standing from his crouched position and walking over to the ring without a backwards glance. All of the guards surrounding the ring suddenly turn their own backs, chattering already underway.
“You.” Dean turns to meet Michael’s eyes, intense and piercing. “What did you say? About the night all those years ago when your mother was confronted by the demon. When it possessed her, they reach Iowan from Anathee within a night.”
Next chapter will be up on Monday! Only a few chapters to go now. Very excited to finally share my ending with you all! Much love as always and stay safe ♥
And for himself, well… How will they react to knowing his hand in the failure of the mission? And above it all, how will they react to the firstborn son of a king that destroyed their people waltzing into their home? He’s calmed a little knowing now that the angels believe it was the demon that set about orchestrating the invasion, even if it was the men of his kingdom that followed the orders.
“Why don’t you have something to eat first,” she says, when she finally notices Dean’s gaze with a soft smile. Nobody moves at first until he feels a hand brush by his leg and finds Castiel’s reassuring eyes when he glances up beside him. He finally reaches across the table, nudging some food in Castiel’s direction before he takes some for himself, Sam doing the same and it’s as if the room itself exhales.
A bag is pulled over his head, cinched tight around his neck, all air leaving him before the king can say anything in return.
Dean stands out as he walks inside – not only because he’s Dean Winchester and Castiel’s sort of smitten with him – especially when he’s decked out in a shirt and a plaid one over the top that’s rolled up to reveal his muscles forearms – but also because he’s completely and utterly alone.
Castiel hisses as he sits back down. It’s even more uncomfortable sitting now, with extra bruises littering his front. His body and mind are weary and he knows he needs to rest to recover his strength not only to heal but because he’s not sure what lies ahead. He needs to be prepared.
"But you didn't deserve it. My anger, my words, none of it," Dean says, staring up at the ceiling, hands clenching in the sheets beside him. Castiel sighs.
Dean breaks the silence finally, emotion lodged in his throat. “I’m so sorry. For what happened to your daughter. For what happened to you. If I could--”
"Dean?" he says, sitting up slightly. Dean doesn't respond, instead drawing the sheets back and slipping in beside him. Castiel lies back down on his own side, eyes drifting over Dean's face, neither of them touching. "Are you okay?"
And his skin burns with humiliation. Because Michael is right. And he hates it. That even though he needs to prove it with cruelty and humiliation, he’s right.
She doesn’t speak so he continues on. He tells her how it was all revealed to him, the truth of the angels, the mission and the demon. He tells her how they thought the demon was possessing the king.
The last of the generals walk in and he pushes the thought away. He doesn’t want to think about it now.
“C’mon, Cas. You gonna take my hand or just keep staring at it all night?” Dean asks. Castiel looks up to expect a smug grin on Dean’s face but he only finds a small, reassuring smile. Castiel reaches out and takes his hand.
Dinner also came with a familiar face – the guard he’s seen with Emery a few times now. The one with the shy smile and short clipped, brown beard.
Emery's heart aches for his grief. "You shouldn't speak like that, Dimarus. They are both stronger than you think." He rests what he hopes is a comforting hand on his friend's shoulder. He wonders how Dimarus would react if he spoke the truth. If he told him everything. He never would, of course, but he hopes he would come to understand. As Dean did. As the young Samuel hopefully will.
Castiel’s just about to appoint someone to take everyone for a warm up run when Dean – running a few minutes late – comes to a halt beside Benny at the edge of the group. And although Castiel has prepared himself for tonight over and over, when their eyes meet, the colour that spreads up his neck is unstoppable and he has to drag his eyes away without even some sly remark before anyone else can see.
Castiel’s had his uniform washed and cleaned twice over for the ball, his silver bands polished along with his boots that have also had the dirt scraped from the very soles.
Some were better preserved than others and one even appeared as though it had died trying to drag itself to the exit.
"Alcohol usually helps." Dean jokes, then sobers, "But don't worry about it. I'm a light sleeper, we're fine."
"Well, good. I'd rather you're not on that alone." He clears his throat, "Looks like we're picking up another case in the morning, though."
He knows that’s not what Sam’s on about- they both kind of know it- much as he means the sentiment either way. But he’s just not ready to think deeper as to why the conversation started in the first place.
Phone held above his head, a singular bar blinks in, then out. Dean's been following a line of streetlamps a good ten minutes without strolling into a single soul. A couple more lights stretch across the lawn, but he can't see past the line of trees in any direction to get a clear view of where he might be headed. All he can hope is that Chuck's not a total dick, and at least stuck him somewhere remotely close to Kansas. Dude likes his stories so much, though, maybe he'd pop Dean into Oz just for the hell of it.
"Maybe." he steps up closer to the board, pretending to look intently at a document but really just hiding his face, hoping Sam gets the hint.
thing Dean asked of him before he was gone. And what’s very first thing Cas does? Lose him. Some best friend.
Once Sam fed her a lie about 'roofies', though, she became all too sympathetic and sat them down with the security cam footage in no time.
There's a lot that Sam went through downstairs he'll never repeat to another living soul. He doesn't even want to think about it. But it's a part of him the same way it's a part of Cas, too. Sure, maybe it didn't happen to Cas directly, but it may as well have. He's still got that trauma rooted deep into his core in much the same way.
He might've actually considered it, a fearful look passing over his face as he realizes just how serious Dean is, but sobers upon meeting eyes with his colleague again, "She's ours. We'll take care of her. Now... I'm here to extend an olive branch. We want to work with you-"
"I don't know, Sam!" His voice hardens, and he scrubs the heel of his palm at his temple, "I don't even remember going to grab... burgers-"
What if John had stuck around all those years ago? Would he have put a bullet in Sam no questions asked? Would he have tried to save him? Or just left him to be consumed by his
"Alright, well, we gotta make sure, you know. I mean, Ishim's a tool, but-" Dean taps at his pockets, feeling around for his phone until he finds it and pulls it out, "You know what? I'm gonna call Cas."
"Been trying." John says, which comes as a bit of a surprise. Due to the lack of correspondence, Cas had figured John gave up weeks ago. "You?"
Dean just nods at that, his eyes starting to sting. He clears his throat and slaps on a smile, "Well I'm glad you got yours."
is meant to enlighten, that must certainly mean chill the hearts of all who encounter him. "That's it?"
There will also be notes at the end for the transcripts of the text exchange photos in the event that the images are not viewable to you for any reason.
Cas sighs, turning the key to the truck. It revs to life, "Don't make things needlessly complicated. Speak to each other. Before you-“
Now, logically, he knows that it's probably not his blood- Sam's walking fine- but his hands move forward anyway, grasping at Sam's chest- his stomach- shoulders, like there's a wound there to be held closed and covered. It's automatic, a reflex born of far too many lived nightmares where it was always too late.
It's bad enough when the "Winchester Gospels" pop back on the radar, but it seems like there's a hell of a lot more stories circulating about them than he's very comfortable with. There's a lot of bad shit in his past- in all their pasts- that's better as water under the bridge, not swapped across campfires like an urban legend. Like that shit was a movie-
It's not that Cas does everything Dean always tells him to do- as seems to be his reputation. In fact, Dean himself would probably say Cas never listens to him at all. But that's not entirely accurate either.
Cas gets up wordlessly, but squeezes Dean’s shoulder in passing. Deans phone buzzes in his pocket. He welcomes the distraction, tugging it out.
“Had a disagreement." John says, flat, and Dean just looks between he and Cas, confused and a little annoyed.
"I don't believe that to be true." He states simply, confused as to how Dean's father could know his own son so little.
"Wait. Your brother here? Sam?" Another guy across the table pipes in, wearing a bright red shirt and bolo tie to boot.
been looking," John continues after a moment, "Used to have contacts but... lotta them either want nothin' to do with me anymore or they're six feet under and don't have much way of helping anybody."
"You're-" His eyes widen, vision darting between the two boys like they're suddenly strangers. "You're working... with a
There was once a time where Cas wouldn't have afforded himself this kind of privilege on his lonesome like this. Kinda makes Dean smile, knowing the kind of comfortability between them now, and being able to see the proof of it right in front of him.
Rowena chuckles, turning to face them both, "Good God, no. That whole FBI pantsuit look?" She shakes her head, raising her chin, "Not my hex bag. But... if you get Lucifer cornered and find yourself in need. I'm there."
It really is a beautiful plot- vines licking up the side of the barn, so many trees surrounding them there's not any noise pollution from the town or places where curious strangers can peek in. And the buildings themselves- they look like they're old-school carpentry. Built by people who knew what they were doing, but in a style to challenge the pilgrims. There's something rustic about it. Peaceful.
When Cas doesn’t move from his slumped position, he claps his hands, swinging them toward the door in a
Dean crashes his mouth onto Cas' and freezes there, almost pulling back again because holy fuck he shouldn't have done that... except Cas' mouth is so much softer than it looks and there's whiskey on his breath and he makes a noise deep in his chest that Dean's never heard before and he wants to hear it again. Then Cas leans into him and he loses all rational thought. He fists a hand in the front of Cas' shirt, tugging him in, sliding his other hand up his neck and threading into the mess of locks in the back of the angel's head and... he
Sammy’s pretty quiet on the drive home, and ends up spending most of it passed out in the back seat despite trying his damnedest to keep his eyes open. And he stays asleep as they pick up some takeout on the way, only reviving when Dean slaps him in the chest, dragging the kid's sleepy limbs out when they're safe and parked in the garage.
"All these other people in the world- Jody, she could've gotten her kid back. Charlie could've come back. Claire's... her parents. All these people we know... they deserve this shit, you know? But me? Why did she do it?"
Dean swings a fist at John's jaw so fast, he barely registers himself making the movement until his knuckles sting from the contact.
he's being weird about it and all of this is only punctuated by the look of their last couple of texts where he sent a damn heart emoji to the guy.
“Why would I do that when you can’t do anything-“ Lucifer holds out a hand towards Cas, not even bothering to watch as the angel advances, sending him to his knees, “-to me?”
