"Thank you, Gabe." Castiel rolled his eyes at his brother and placed another kiss on Beckett's cheek.
"You want me to knot you?" He growled into Dean’s ear and was answered with an overly excited yes.
Sitting back down at Dean’s side Castiel started washing Dean’s shoulder. He opened his kit and looked over Dean’s body. He was wearing only boxers and first thing Cas needed to do was clean off as much blood as he could.
"Strange situation my ass, your brother here bit me!" Samandriel’s eyes widened.
“Are you alright? I can’t believe they did that.” Castiel kissed Dean’s temple. “Actually no, I can believe it.” Castiel looked across the sofa at his brother.
Acting like mates but trying to go unnoticed as them. Only people who should know are the college advisors in charge of the records. Other than that it should be kept to a need to know basis.
Castiel just laughed and walked over to Dean." You are one of the most attractive creatures I have ever met and the only place those close would look better is thrown at the foot of our bed." Dean leaned in for a kiss but he never received it. Instead, he was turned a whole one-eighty and looked at their reflection in the mirror.
"Then what happened!" Dean shouted throwing his arms into the air.
Well, that was a game Cas hadn't played in a very long time. Still, it was like riding a bike, fairly easy if you had a good memory and fast reflexes.
“Your new brother.” Dean decided he might as well go all out with the family that Cas actually liked. Anna pulled away from Dean to look him over, her eyes landed on the ever present bite mark Castiel gave him.
“About me?”
They left a reasonable tip for their waitress, exiting out the front door. "You know it's only 4:30..." Dean stated looking across the parking lot to the roller skating rink. Cas' eyes widened at what he was insinuating
“Hey!” Cas shouted “Abuse!” they both laughed and Cas rubbed his head pouting.
"I fucking care! God I spent half my life treating him like a god and the other telling myself he is trash! Why do I care? Because I guess I'm tired of fucking disappointing people." His voice lowered at the end of his sentence.
The morning after! -Or a few hours after-
"Whatever you say...Alfie." They both gave a lighthearted laugh and Dean headed off to his next class.
"I uh- oh god I forgot to get her something!" Castiel jumped up and ran into the bathroom to comb his hair and brush his teeth then scurried to get dressed. "We need to leave right now and stop along the way to get her something!" Castiel's was in a frenzy and was moving like a tornado through their dorm.
"Sam, Adam!" Dean called and stormed into the hallway. "For your damn sake, this better not be-"
“Yes you can, now chill out because we’re here. Don't let them smell your fear” Dean joked but Castiel's eyes shot open and looked up and the conservative two-story house. Off white siding and a small porch, a newly added white picket fence, and greening grass. It screamed normal, it was exactly what Cas imagined but also the opposite of what he expected.  “Like a band-aid, Cas just gotta rip it off.” Dean patted his thigh and got out of his car to go around the trunk and grab their bags, they didn’t know how long they were staying, it all depended on how it went. "I take my bandages off slowly, find it less painful."
"I just don't understand why you had to feel the need to lie about it." Dean took a deep breath in and was about to have some serious diarrhea of the mouth.
"This is not a laughing matter, Cas." Dean grumbled and he waited behind a dark green minivan.
“Toothpaste,” Castiel added. Sliding his hand down to adjust Dean’s legs and pull him back into his lap so Dean sat on his thighs and Castiel was leaning on the balls of his feet and knees.
“I let you.” Castiel said after catching his breath. Dean lifted himself up and leaned back on his elbows.
“Cas, I just needed to snap you out of it, you were gonna kill Linus over there.” Cas sobered, looking to see Linus’ retreating back.
Crowley’s scent was much stronger in these parts like he frequented this area a lot. He wondered how many poor omegas were dragged here against their will, or if Dean was just a sick fantasy of his.
“Over here!” He yelled out as the car headlights illuminated him. “Please help my mate is hurt!” He ran to the driverside as a large black haired alpha stepped out. Hand holstered on his gun he looked at Dean with concerned eyes.
"I knotted you."
"Castiel, who is on the other end?" Gabriel was enjoying this as much as Dean.
"Um well, we live in such a secluded area and the schools we went to were private and the wolves there didn't like Cas very much. I mean I'm a alpha but people always teased me like an omega, no offense. But Cas just had a different mindset, he liked the bees and flowers more that spitballs and roughhousing. So no he really didn't, not close friends anyway. Once he came here he slowly branched out and has a small number of people he could call friends." Alfie seemed a little upset by his story, his twin brother the black sheep of the school yard. Cas said he spent a good amount of time patching up Gabriel and Alfie, did he ever have to do it on himself?
“And who is that?” The oldest man in the room asked, wisps of gray speckled his hair and his voice was gritty. He had deep set frown lines and bags, he seemed like a very unpleasant man and Dean was guessing that was Castiel’s father, Azazul.
"Bloody mouth trick." Jo deadpanned from the steps.
Thoughts? Comments?
"Cassie? You're nickname is Cassie!" Dean asked laughing loudly.
“Yeah, fine.” His voice was monotone.
"So?" He asked raising his eyebrows. Cas bit his lip.
“Fuck, we accidentally joined a cult.” Cas whispered lowly.
“No, that was just for you.” He spoke with his fucked out voice. Castiel nearly purred as he pulled Dean into a soft, slow kiss.
"Suspenders, Cas really?" He asked snapping it on his shoulder "what am I eighty?"
"Hello." And god, it sounds like this man gargles gravel. It's an alphas voice and it sets Dean on edge. Dean isn’t an alpha hater, his best friend is one. Living with an alpha, a strange alpha with questionable morals was another story entirely.
“Snap out of it Dean.” He whispered a pep talk to himself as he lifted his leg to take the first rotten wood stair. Placing his weight extremely carefully he didn’t want the creaking of the aged wood to betray him. The bottle was held firmly in his sweaty palm and his heart was pounding like a drum, so loud he wondered if the men upstairs could hear it. Each time he stepped up it took a few seconds to make his way to the next and he skipped a few that would make too much noise.
"Yeah, that's why we're here. Dean and I are roommates and we found ourselves in a strange situation and just wanted to tell your straight on so you didn't hear it second hand." Samandriel look between the two men with a confused face.
“Thank you.” Dean said clapping Balthazar on the back. Balth smiled rejoining his mate who was preparing the candles in the cake. Dean watched fondly as Gabe placed the candles into the white frosting. Balthazar snuck up behind him snaking his arms around his stomach and placing a kiss behind his ear. He could really get used to a family with these guys. He really could.
"What do you mean? Dean, what happened!"
“No, none of this is really screaming Beckett.” He let out a defeated sigh but walked toward the back of the store knowing he had to find something here. His eyes skimmed over soft teddy bears and pink and yellow stitched kittens.  Glass picture frames with names printed on them and onesies that read “Future Alpha”. Castiel especially disliked that one.
Dean didn't offer up immediate information on the call so Castiel just went onto his findings.
"Dean, you don't have to lie, you could have gone across town and I wouldn't care. I just wanted to know if you were okay." Dean smiled at Cas' words.
“Dean!” The familiar voice of his childhood best friend called over the phone. A few mumbles behind her and a crash. “My god Ash, can I get two minutes without your spaghetti arms smashing something?”  Dean muffled a laugh a Jo averted her attention back to the call. “Sorry, Dean.”
But before she could gather herself she felt a tug on her dress. Looking down she saw Dean look up at her with his large green eyes he smiled.
The motel was rather nice. The building outside was sparklingly white and well-kept. A sweet little beta sat sleepily at the counter. She helped them quickly to a room and went back to nodding off.
"Holy fuck, Cas." Dean panted.
"I'm sure you know, you just don't really know you know."
"No. Cas-" Castiel cut him off with a rough, wet kiss.
"Castiel is one funny wolf, he can spend hours a day looking around the forest at our house without a care in the world but growing up he always had such a serious demeanor. It was really funny sometimes, you could tell a joke and he would just squint at you and in his little voice say "I don't understand that reference." Man it would crack Gabriel and I up. That's what I find so strange about you two." Dean raised an eyebrow and cut it.
“Castiel is the angel of Thursday. Everyone in my family has biblical names.” Dean gave him a funny look, but kept going.
Yeah Dean is a rather large omega, he passes for a beta with ease. If he rubbed himself down with musk he could even be an alpha. That has always been the key to convincing people. He already smells a little different so he relies on his looks to keep his true gender presentation a secret. The only fault in his disguise is his arousal. Suppressants prevent his heat but he can’t help wet dreams.
"D-Dean, I got your things." He kept stuttering and just wanted to give into Dean's touching. No, you can't do this, you are not controlled by instinct. Castiel turned his head away but Dean smell was everywhere. Dean leaned in to Castiel’s now exposed throat and started scenting him with small moans.
“Keep talking”
Castiel pulled away from Anna and turned back to look at Dean. He was fidgeting awkwardly, the smell of multiple alpha’s was rolling out the door and it made Dean uneasy.
His father looked like someone had shot his dog, or totaled his car. Dean felt like he was about to be sick and before he could do anything he kneeled over and threw up. His father immediately got up and left even after Mary's protest. She was at Dean's side in a second and rubbed his back.
“Sever the bond, breed you up. You may think you’re strong but after a while of being chained up, I’ll have you by your second heat, begging for me. Because you’re still a damn bitch with no self-control.” Dean went to snap at him but missed by barely an inch. “I’m sure any omega that comes from you will sell for a pretty penny, maybe even a beta. I can kill off any alphas, don’t need the competition in my home.” Alton was talking to Crowley. “May contact you to sell them off if they are any good.” Crowley nodded, this was obviously a big trade Dean had fallen into and this man was not only a collector but a supplier. Crowley was just the fucking middle man. It went far deeper than him and maybe even Alton. This man was by far the most disgusting person he had ever met, far worse than Alistair who was at the top of his list.
"Dean?" Castiel asked softly and he walked towards his mate. Dean didn't acknowledge him he only took another swig of his jack and bit his lips and coughed once it went down. Cas slowly lifted his hand towards the bottle and slid it from Dean's grasp, placing it softly on the floor beside him.
"No, it's fine. I'll call him to make sure he's okay." Pulling out his phone he went to speed dial and clicked Dean's contact. Pulling it up to his ear Dean answered on the fifth ring.
"She made me do...terrible things. Made me knot her, and when I couldn’t do it, she’d,” He paused, taking a measured breath ”punish me.” Cas swallowed hard, his voice was rumbling with emotion, but stayed barely above a whisper. ”Sometimes she’d tie me down and take advantage of me, she’d use...things to hurt me in bed, day after day after da-a-y.”
“Hey, we would make great parents, but Cas you get to play bad cop.” Castiel snorted.
"No, nothing's going on. We're mates and we had sex this morning." Dean tried to control his emotions know she would catch onto any change.
“Yeah, for the most part, now I just want to stay cocooned in bed with you.” Cas nuzzled Dean’s stomach once more.
"You know how good you feel around me?" Castiel purred as he started up a harsh rhythm pounding into Dean.
“Okay Doctor Novak, now come satisfy your mate.”
“It’s not that long.” Dean said defensively, although he was still grinning. “It’s more like five minutes.” Nevertheless Dean turned the music down. “So, where's this place that we're going?” Cas grinned.
(See the end of the chapter for
"How about you take a few of my shirts, so you don't always look like a stick is up your ass."
“Okay.” he said, holding on to Castiel as they started to do a strange wheeled dance on the waxy hardwood floor. By seven thirty, the two of them were too tired to skate anymore. Dean was certain he’d have blisters all over the bottoms of his feet from the boots. He found himself not caring one bit. They walked back to the car Castiel was practically glowing from happiness, and Dean was happy to see it.
That’s what Dean wanted, a big pack with good values. He loved pups, he needed to find a nice mate that would want to bring up strong willed omegas and caring alphas.  A nice mate like Cas, just not Cas. Because Castiel is just his cover mate, they will part ways at the end of the year and find their real mate.
Castiel had already embarrassingly popped his knot at the sight of Dean's shivers and wanton moans. For almost the entire time Dean’s eyes were shut and he hadn't known why he was the one who woke him up with pleading calls of Castiel's name and rutting hips. His heat had finally come and it was a relief not only to pick up their stalled sex life but that Dean's body was picking back up to its normal routine and that eased the fears within him.
It all went normal, height, weight, blood pressure. Everything was going great. They all sat down in a forest green room with models off all the different types of organs in alphas, betas, and, omegas.
"There are about three alphas outside. I can't tell if I want to punch their faces in or fuck them." Dean growled.
“One second I think I found something.” Castiel scanned over the article over short sporadic heats. They normally appeared when an omega is pregnant or under extreme stress. Castiel hoped it was the latter, it most likely was, considering Dean’s state of mind. “I think it was due to stress, not a real heat.”
Dean saw Castiel wasn't reading, his crestfallen expressed and change of smell let Dean see how terrible he felt on the topic.
"My brother, Dean" Castiel answered back quietly.
"Oh shit, Cas, you never told me you were a closet hipster." Dean teased bumping their shoulders. Cas smacked his arm.
John disappeared once again. Even though it seemed nice it put a strain on the pack and Castiel couldn't help think it was his fault. One of the key leaders was missing and there was a looming sense of emptiness.
The car ride was filled with chatter even after his brothers left, his father kept talking about what it was like to be an alpha, and Mary kept trying to keep it neutral to show that no matter what he brings his great personality with him.
"Oh, the normal you know Ashley and I have started thinking about where we want to live after college." She had on the biggest smile when talking about her mate.
His mother said no matter what he was Dean was perfect, she said all presentations are equal so he should never feel disappointed.
Dean sighed and sat up in bed, looking down at the tent in his pants . He might as well just finish himself off and get the day going because now he really won’t be able to sleep. Pulling himself out of bed he walks awkwardly over to the bathroom. He can feel his slick in his underwear slide down his inner thigh. He can't even remember the last time he was so turned on. He turned the shower on hot and stripped down, palming himself through soft cotton panties. It's been Deans guilty pleasure to wear panties, they are so much more comfortable and makes him feel damn good. He even wore then when he slept with Jo.
“The fucking hell was that?” He spat, his harsh tone startled Castiel but Dean only gripped him tighter. “This isn’t fucking tackle and he was on your own god damn team!”
"Man you have so many damn button-ups in colors I've never seen before!"
“Gee, honey, you’re ace at folding, aren’t ya?” Cas walked over to him picking up the last few things on the floor. One of them happened to be a pair of very lacy black panties. His thumb ran over the satiny fabric, in a weird way, the sensory comfort of touching something so soft, something that smelled so much like his mate was immensely helpful right now. Dean shrugged expressing that he didn’t really care how well he could fold. He didn’t have the patience. Castiel walked over, folding a well-worn Pink Floyd tshirt and the panties, placing them atop the mountain of twisted up knotted up clothes. Dean kissed his temple softly, crawling along the bed and then burrowing himself under the covers. Castiel  joined him, nestling in, and turning to Dean.
Weaving around cars Dean can see his building, just a little further and he can get away from this sick fuck. Cutting through the alley he leaps up the steps pulls open the door and smashes right into Cas. Landing flat on his ass he look up at the alpha with wide terrified eyes.
“None.”
"Castiel, look who crawled out from under a rock!" A blonde woman jogged up next to him and placed a playful pat on his shoulder.
“Fuck.” Dean whispered under his breath, this won’t be good.
The phone ringing brought her out of the trance she was in and walked over to pick up.
Okay that's all I wanted to cover read on Macduff!
"Oh shit, Cas" Dean shook the man on him. His knot had gone down so he could push him to the other side of the twin bed. Castiel stirred and groaned. Dean already felt wet again and Castiel came to attention at the smell.
"Yeah I guess, maybe he's acts like that because I'm an omega." Lies. "Guess he just wants to be friends." Lie? Yeah, totally just friends. "Thanks, Jo." What a pointless call, at least he got to keep in touch with her. He did miss her a lot but this was one confusing ass situation and Jo was not the one to confide in.
Dean was still sliding a loose fist over their cocks and craved the feeling of Castiel inside him. “Baby,” Dean moaned into Castiel mouth as he rocked back onto his finger. Cas took that as an invitation to slide in a second digit to scissor him open. “Mmm, come on.” Castiel gave a light hearted laugh and placed one last kiss on Dean’s swollen lips before he grabbed his own cock, Dean was on his knees and used his feet as leverage to lift himself up and over Cas. Lining himself up he rubbed against Dean to coat himself in slick so he could ease in. Pushing in slowly until the crown of his head disappeared into Dean’s tight heat, he froze. Cas looked up at Dean’s face, he bit his lip but the smile still created wrinkles around his bright eyes as he lowered himself fully sheathing himself onto Cas.
Two aces.
Talking stopped for a while as they ended up sharing Cas' milkshake. When the waitress came back she gave them a look akin to one someone would give a newborn pup when it giggles the first time. They looked like something out of an old romance movie.
The alpha was still giving shallow thrusts as he spilled cum into Dean completely marking him inside and out. He was finally sated.
"Because I had no idea you were the fucking the god of hip-gyration." Cas joked and buried his nose into the back of Dean's hair. "Why haven't you shown me that before?"
"I'm gonna ride you nice and good, ." Dean purred and slid down fully sheathing himself down on Castiel's cock. Castiel's instincts kicked in and he grabbed hold of Dean's hips and fucked up into him with a growl. Dean bit his lip and placed his hands on Castiel's knees that bent at Dean's side. It gave him great leverage to pull himself up off of Cas and slam back down. Dean's panties were still pulled to the side and getting wet from the slick on Castiel's cock.
"No, now get off me!"
I have to say one of my favorite parts to write was when Dean FINALLY pinpointed Castiel's scent.
"Would you believe me if I said I was trying to not wake you up?" Castiel was looking up at Dean's sleep dazed eyes.
“I heard what happened upstairs with Meg.” he said quietly, glancing over at Gabriel “He was in quite a state.”
A low growl formed in Castiel chest and he lunged for Dean's lips capturing them in a tangle of tongue and teeth clanking. With rain sliding between their lips. Dean melted in instantly he wanted answers but in his gut he could feel Castiel, his emotion and his longing for the comfort of Dean.
"Just wanted to say, the second I met you I know you were an omega." For the second time in an hour Dean was left speechless.
“Knees,” Dean spoke and ran a hand down Castiel’s chest with light fingers. “Come on.” Castiel nodded and placed his hands on Dean’s shoulders and lowered himself, dragging his nails into Dean’s skin as he went down. He looked up and sprinkles of water that splashed off of Dean’s shoulders hit his face. “Surprise me.”
“Yeah yeah you laugh now,” Dean grumbled as he untangled the covers from his legs. He heard the fan turn on and shortly after that the shower and hopped out of bed. Dean stripped on his way to the bathroom and stumbled over his briefs.
"Don't tell my you don't want to talk about it Castiel! You are my mate now spit it out!" Something triggered in the alpha and he grabbed Dean's shoulders shoving him into the side of the car.
He warily got up and walked over to the counter, his throat was tight and his stomach turned like he had downed six espressos.
“Dear Castiel, I am calling upon you to get your fine ass down here.” Nothing, like the last four times. He couldn’t believe their bond was so weak. He couldn’t feel anything from Cas’ side and only assumed his mate felt the same nothingness. Dean had no idea how long he had been down there but it was starting to get uncomfortably cold, his arms fell asleep long ago and his wrists were rubbed raw from his futile attempts and slipping out of his restraints. He started to feel some give, but it was probably just his imagination. He knew his father had trained him for these situations, but his mind was falling blank. He decided to stop struggling and relax, his wrists were probably swollen and that would make them harder to pull out.
"Am I really jumping into my past right now? Better question is how that fuck are you just sitting there? I've had to run from three alphas in the last half hour. Aren't you a 'knot what is mine' kinda wolf?" Cas glared up at Dean and he sighed.
“Now if the breeding is successful and an egg or eggs are fertilized then the hormonal makeup of both parents changes.” Dean’s eyes go wide.
"Nice job, blue eyes," Jo said as she pats his back. Adam walked over to the side of Castiel's small shooting cubical and pressed an orange button. By the time they were done congratulating Cas and he had shaken the post-shooting tremor out of his hands the target was brought to them.
You could ask me any questions on my tumbler account that is the exacts username as this! As is Emilie's!!!
“You’re an ass.”
1) Alpha's have a strong smell but they are not the most overpowering
“So, any suggestions?” Castiel asked, totally lost on the steps to buying a house.
"I love your button-ups, they are just so Castiel. But maybe we can find a few shirts that say Cas." Dean offered a crooked smile and raised eyebrows.
"I mean, a degree is always handy I guess. At least he wanted that for you." And the second the words left his lips he regretted it. The smell changed from leather and earth to a thick sour smell that was a dead giveaway.
“Something?” He asked.
"Deal."
"Drop it? Did you just ask me to ignore that fight that happened before my eyes over you and out son! I went through a hell of a pregnancy with him and he has had to grow up being the man of the house at some points and you are telling me to forget about that!" Mary was infuriated, she was sure if she was an alpha her nails and teeth would have sharpened and eyes would be the color of blood.
“It’s fine baby, but we better go home before you kill someone for complimenting my shoelaces or something.” Cas and Alfie both laughed.
"There's no rule about that either." Cas said taking a fry of his own.
"Ha, well sorry to disappoint but you won't find anything kinky in there." Castiel paused and nuzzled at Dean's ear and purred "that's all in my mind." Dean felt a chill run up his spine at Castiel's words.
Dean woke with a start. He sat up blearily turning on the light next to him. Cas was naked, still wet from his shower crouched on the ground picking up the clothes he dropped. The suitcase was spilled everywhere.
College wasn't really what Dean had expected. He was always terrified someone would sniff him out. Terrified an alpha would claim him without his approval. Terrified of so many things and he didn't have a room to hide in. But it was all so much better than being John's emotional punching bag. He could sleep in now, and exercise at his leisure.
Castiel had been sitting on the shower floor for almost two hours and his legs were going numb. Standing up shakily Castiel wraps his arms around himself as a comfort shield as he leaves to brace the world. The building is bustling as usual, alpha’s and beta’s gathering in the lounge to watch TV as others file out of the newly redone kitchen. Everyone is oblivious to what Castiel was going through, unless they got close enough to smell the dejection seeping off him in waves. Climbing the steps was almost impossible, with each step his legs grew heavier, like led bricks were being tied to his feet. Castiel didn’t know what he would find upstairs. Would his things be outside the door? Would Dean even be there? The guessing game was painful for Cas to play and he held his breath as he pushed open the heavy metal door from the stairwell and into the relatively empty hallway. No one paid him any attention as he weaved through the small crowd to his dorm. That was until the growing smell of ash and dust hit his nose, it made him think of an empty house. Alone, scared, and abandoned, it made him think of all the times he had moved. His stomach turned in sickness until he saw the source of the smell; Dean. Curled up on himself being completely ignored by everyone around him. He was sleeping and the scent coming off him was tearing Cas apart with anxiety and emptiness, just pure sorrow for letting Dean ever feel this way. Everything in Castiel changed as he rushed over to Dean’s side and kneeled beside him. He placed a hand gingerly on Dean’s shoulder as the omega restlessly turned in his sleep.
“Mine.” Castiel snarled into Dean’s ear and the omega tensed for a second until the alpha nuzzled into his neck again, his fingers tightening around Dean’s stomach again. Castiel was practically purring into Dean’s ear, the hot breath of his alpha made his neck hot and uncomfortably sticky.
"Dean, Cas let's go!" Adam called through the door still clearly pissed at Dean because of the toads.
"Hey, what are you up to?" His younger brother questioned.
"Gotta love the smell of omega in the morning." He gave Dean a wicked smile that made is stomach turn.
"Bedtime?" Dean asked as he rubbed Castiel's arms.
With a smile Dean grabbed Cas by his shirt and pulled him into a kiss.
"So what you just go off and find helpless omegas? Well newsflash I look like a damn Alpha" Dean tried to emphasize by stretching out his hand but failed
"I didn't want to tell you so you didn't worry yourself but, it's getting worse. He's coming up to me more, getting more comfortable." A small growl rumbled in Castiel's throat. "See, you would go all alpha."
"My bark matches my bite and I won't hesitate to step in if they wrong you in any way." Dean leaned in to place a chaste kiss on Castiel's lips. He pictured Castiel living in a palace at the top of Alpha point, omega help across the house and snotty alphas lifting their nose at him. Castiel won’t have to do the biting if they come after him.
“We should get this outta the way.” he said handing Cas the paper. “Come on, ignore them they’re a bunch of idiots anyway.” he said that last part loud enough so he knew that they could hear. Castiel gave him a warning look. “No reason to hide in the back anymore, fuck we might as well light up the sky about us being mates.” Dean was still clearly unhappy about what happened before.
“Okay, I’ll let you off but go home now and...Deal with him.” He waved at Dean who was nuzzling Cas’s neck.
“Yeah, just comin’ down with something I guess.”  Cas cocked his head and was clearly not believing Dean’s lie.
"Alfie, how are you?" Castiel smiles at his brother, the man was the opposite of Castiel. He had light brown hair and a skinny little body with a sweet voice. Zachariah calls him a “designer dog.” Cas and Alfie get along pretty well- far better than the rest of their pack.
“Okay okay, your turn.”
“Gonna ride me, baby.” Pulling straight back into his B grade acting he nodded and moved so Castiel could pull out his fingers. Castiel missed the wet warmth and Dean missed the fullness but they would soon get it back.
"For the love of god please tell me you are on birth control." Dean's stomach clenched for a second and then it clicked. Suppressants.
“Really, A mate? Wow, Castiel and I thought we sent you to school to learn.” The older woman sat at the island combing her fork through a half eaten bowl of fruit, she had dark brown hair that was pulled up and a stern expression.
"Better watch yourself down there, hate for you to bump into the past." Dean glared at Lucifer and studied his face for a few seconds. His statement was cryptic but he didn't want to let Lucifer think he was getting to him.
“You don’t make me want to puke.” Dean cut in, Cas gave a half hearted chuckle.
"Um sir, we aren't serving breakfast anymore." The voice spoke after a second. Dean's brow frowned and he looked at the clock. 9:41.
"I love you too, Castiel Novak."
Dean knew there was a voice in his dream, it was on the tip of his tongue.
Really I added so little to this chapter. This was Emilie's idea and I loved how it came together! Fluffy ass Dean and Cas...gosh they are so gross!
"Are you twelve or something?" Dean glared at him and shoved his hand into the bag and stuffed his face. Dean chewed swallowed and dug back in.
If only he could be an alpha, then maybe he would be left alone. He wouldn't be watched all the time, he’d be free from all this goddamn stress. Dean sighed, but he’s not. He’s an omega, which means every day of his life must be devoted to avoiding unwarranted attention from hungry alphas. Even with a mate, even with the best mate in the whole wide world like he has, Dean’s fears of being stalked and/or attacked are valid, real fears and it’s just not fair. The pure-alpha mania that the Novak’s spew and his father’s onslaught of intolerance have made it so hard for him to walk confidently, the way he did when he was a “beta.”
Also I will always tag triggers but don't worry no rape occurs in this story. Only mentions of past or like this chapter in an attempt.
Dean was alone again, laying on a cold floor. He was knocked out of his chair but his arms were still held painfully behind him. Thankfully he hadn’t pulled or broken anything. He just needed to focus, if he took his time he could make his way out of these binds.
Both his parents were coming and they would drop off Sam and Adam at Bobby's house.
"I won't let anything happen to him, you have my word.
“There is a reason male alphas don’t mate.” Castiel whispered, like he was so terrified to speak. Dean knew what was coming next but the words still made his skin crawl and stomach turn.
“Oh god literally or figuratively?”
"Nothing, just checking on how you're doing. What are you up to?" Dean paused, he didn't want to admit to Cas he came down here to talk to his brother about him. A little white lie wouldn't hurt.
Title says it all
“Sam?” Castiel asked, his brow raising slightly in question. Sam didn’t respond with words but with a back-breaking bear hug. He smelt like thick flannel, sweat, and beta. He was clearly an alpha so Castiel assumed he had a mate who was a beta.
"Was I in it?" Cas asked rubbing Dean's shoulder.
"You see this?" Dean lifted his fist and showed Cas "In. The. Dick." His eyes were half lidded from the pleasure Cas' capable hands provided. "And you would be too if you were meeting the Novaks for the first time." Dean had his eyes closed and he tried to melt into Castiel's firm hands.
"I went to the wood to blow off some steam, I- I need you. I don't think I can make it home." Dean's shoulder was still bleeding and his hand was swollen and utterly useless at the moment. His ankle was proving to be a problem and he knew he couldn't make it home, slowly he lowered himself between the accord and a civic. The cold ground pushed through his jeans and bit at his skin as sharp pieces of gravel dug into his leg.
"John, every baby is born with blue eyes." John brushed it off but felt embarrassed.
"I just had the craziest dream, it was intense. Obviously for me to cream myself." Dean chuckled.
Castiel let out a small purr and wound his loose fist around Dean's dripping cock and started pumping softly. In response, Dean snarled to have him speed up his hand. Castiel happily obliged his mate and turned his soft downward pulls into tight upward tugs. He watched his mate's cock twitch and spill over his fist when he pulled away from Dean's heat. Dean came with a loud and drawn out “Oohhh, Cas!"
"Dean, if you’re just going to be a lazy runner how about we do some escape training?" Panic hit Dean like a brick wall and he pushed harder than he had all day. He couldn't do escape training, not now he still hadn't recovered from the last one.
Wow this is one late update! I'm sorry for the sporadic updates and all, my life is a ball of confusion! I forget t take my meds and eat sometimes, so I really hope to get back on track.
It was so strange to see himself so put together and Castiel so casual. It felt nice, he looked official and important. It could be a casual Friday as CEO of some hotshot company and Castiel was his lover who was also his gardener. It was a compliment to Castiel, he loves to get his hands dirty and that seemed like a great job for him. His clothes made him think back to the picture he had found so long ago of him digging in the dirt.
"Remember Beckett you only say that around daddy and papa." Gabriel dried his hands off and ruffled his daughters soft curls.
"I'll be back, let's do something tonight." Castiel nodded and gave him a loving smile and whispered something Dean couldn't quite make out. Shrugging Dean responded with what he assumed Castiel said.
"Uh, sure give me a few minutes."
Castiel took the shortcut around the back of the building into the trees, Dean was smart and after his last incident he probably wouldn’t come back. But Dean was so upset and Cas wasn’t taking any chances. He walked the border of the forest searching for Deans smell, anything that signified he had been here.
“Don’t add it if you aren’t, comfortable with it. I’ve gone many years dealing with rut, it’s no problem.”
"You look nice, the doc had me terrified." Making his way quickly to his mate he placed a kiss on her cheek and looked down at his son.
"Shut up, Dean." And he did just that.
It was amazing, his nails dragged over every contour of Dean's body, the sharp curve of his shoulder blade, and the peppering of freckles the trailed down to his ass.
"No problem." She hung up mid laugh and Dean dropped his phone. He still felt antsy, he couldn't really talk about Cas to Jo since she couldn't know about them. Dean decided the internet was the best answer. Quickly pulling out his laptop he pushed himself up to the headboard of his- technically Cas’- bed. Pressing the on button he waited for it to start up, Dean was mindlessly clicking and tapping keys and humming a Kansas song. Once his screen lit up he heard a small chime before his desktop icon popped up. Clicking it his background changed to two woman half dressed in latex, one was a cop and the other a robber. Officer had the other woman cuffed and bent over in front of her. Dean ignored it and opened up google.
"How did you manage to get into this dorm?" Castiel's voice leveled out and he sat down on his bed, ignoring his painfully uncomfortable cock.
“j'ai besoin d'un chat” Dean shivered as hot breath tickled his ear, Castiel gruff voice was sinful as the words rolled off his tongue.
“Are you saying we need to find a place?” Castiel couldn’t read Dean’s feelings towards the topic by his facial expression.
“No way, this is Sex ED class, not ‘what happens when you get knocked up class.’” Dean whispers were rapid fire, and Castiel couldn’t help but laugh.
"Sonofabitch!" Dean yelled and smacked the wheel. "Fine four apple pies!"
Castiel lead the way and opened the door, small bell announced their arrival and a heavy eyed old man sat behind the counter. Many of the things in the store were hand crafted and it ranged from handmade baby clothes to hand painted toys and cribs. Castiel was at a loss, nothing in here made him think of Beckett.  Dean stepped next to Cas and pressed his hand into Castiel’s lower back.
"Thought you could run, kitten?" he purred into Dean’s ear. His voice was sickening, like snakes curling under your skin. He turned to Cas "Back the fuck off blue eyes, I found this omega first."
"I'm just thinking about things." Dean wasn't going to bash this little girls family in front of her. Even if what they are doing to her is sick.
"Oh god Cas, knot me please please knot me!" It became a chant for Dean his fucked out voice made Castiel dizzy.
"Well uhh, yeah. I guess you're right. So I guess I'm thanking you for not being a sick fuck." Cas chucked.
"You're absolutely right." Dean said, reaching out and giving Cas' hand a squeeze. "We'll go there right now."
"Did you see yourself a few days ago, I should worry about you abusing my knot."
“Any that I can make you scream.” It was a deep growl and his breath prickled his skin. Dean didn’t want another emotional night, he learned a lot about Castiel today and the thing in the car was in the past. Castiel was loyal, and just like last night he always came through.
"Ah, Cas watch your knot!" He cried as he seated himself back comfortably.
Like last night, mouth full of frozen grapes plus a blow job equals one begging alpha. Castiel assumed he was doing a lot of cosmos reading on
"Rachel." Castiel smiled at the perky beta beside him. "How have you been?"
Dean let out a breath he hadn’t known he was holding, he had never been so close to being found out. He can’t remember waking up so hard since he was young. Maybe he had something really wrong with him, it’s not like he can go to the doctor and say he’s an omega registered as a beta.
"Yeah, you got a problem?" Dean asked turning around to look at Cas as he pulled on another band tshirt. It was the gray Metallica one Sammy had gotten him.
Posting this before the episode because I don't know if I will be able to do anything but scream and cry at my TV tonight...I wish everyone Good luck tonight!
“Dean, are you alright?” Castiel asked, his voice truly worried and, why wouldn’t it be? His mate was acting like a damn cat during a lightning storm. Cas could feel the turmoil of emotions Dean had sloshing around in his mind, and Dean, knowing that, felt even worse. “You have been so distant these past few weeks, have I done something?” Instantly Dean felt sick, he hadn’t realized how much he had been effecting Cas. Well he had on some level but his mind seemed to block it out, he felt like he was in pure survival mode and he couldn’t shut it off. If he was an alpha he imagined having his alpha traits out  24/7. It wasn’t healthy and he was either going to suffer from a stomach ulcer or a brain aneurysm.
or he was just really holding out in him.
"Fuck," Dean readjusted his legs and spread them farther apart. Pleased with his reaction Cas pulled his fingers from his ass and sucked hard at the little pink hole.
"Times changed I guess, the city's grew and the packs started to dissolve."
“Never turn down a gift from Ellen.”
"I'll take that as a yes." Laughing Rachel added some bounce to her step. She was such an unlikely friend to Castiel but they had met in English 101 and Rachel had show a lot of interest in Castiel. He politely turned her down and then Castiel accidentally introduced her to Ashley and they fell for each other. Rachel always says she is in Cas' debt for finding her mate.
“Cas I-”
"Well, yeah I guess I was kinda worried how dad would take it." Dean knew it was true. He never knew how to approach his father on any topic involving his presentation.
"I-ah no no, it's just me. Scratched my foot and it tickled." Dean was a great
"I got a nice smack in the face with some back to the roots alpha logic and boy did it set me off."
The next day they made for hasty departure giving their love to everyone in the pack and it seemed as John had disappeared. It didn't seem unusual, they didn't expect him to show up. Mary was upset by the early leaving of her son but she knew he had to get back.
Dean mewled and bit at Castiel’s neck and shoulder, tracing his tongue over the dips and curves all the way up his pulse point. Lightly pressing his teeth into Castiel’s ear lobe and tugged to pull a groan from his alpha. Dean started to ride Castiel harder and push himself into Cas’s soft hand.
"I-I am so damn scared, Cas." Dean didn't move from his spot so Castiel walked over to lead him into the bathroom. Pulling out each individual test from the bag Cas lined them up on the counter. Dean was sitting on the toilet with the lid closed. He held one test in his hand, it was still wrapped but his eyes locked onto the picture. One line is negative and two means positive.
"What's today? Did I miss it? Oh god, how could I forget Beckett. Jesus this has been a crazy past few months." Dean looked at Castiel like he had three heads during his freak out.
Castiel's phone ringing startled them both. Luckily he only had to move Dean a little to reach his phone. The ID read Gabriel. He slid his screen and pulled the phone to his ear.
“Bless you for coming out in public.” Dean flashed him the middle finger, to which Alfie laughed. “Usual?” He asked glancing at the pair of them. Cas nodded. They watched Alfie make their coffee, and add an extra pump of caramel to Dean’s while his supervisor wasn’t looking he put a finger to his lips winking at Dean making him grin and wink back.
They ordered their burgers and fries quickly. They were both so hungry.
“Okay, now tell me.” Castiel pressed for Dean to talk. “Start with what set you off in class.” With a deep sigh he started.
“Look as horny as possible and crawl all over me as I talk to him, I’m going to lie to him.” Dean finally caught on and let Castiel move out from under him to roll down the window. He knew the smell of sex wafted out into the officers face. Dean put on his best needy face and crawled over to Cas, slightly uncomfortable he started kissing and licking up his bare back, tracing over the knobs of his spine. Castiel let out a slight shiver but tried to act unaffected.
“I’m sorry Dean, I am fully aware of how capable you are I am just caught up in my own mind.”
"Shopping?"
Early posting because I'm at the beach and I didn't know if I would be able to post at all!!!
“Slow the damn car d-” A loud pop and a hard pull to the right startled them both, Dean quickly lifted his foot off the gas and planted it firmly on the ground trying to gain control of his car on the slick road. Dean let the car roll to a stop and tapped the brake slightly to pull off to the side. Once they steadied to a stop both men took in a deep breath, and looked straight ahead.
Dean was taken aback by Castiel's actions but he didn't shy away, he craved contact after their silence and he slowly pushed into Castiel's hand. Slowly the smell of slick danced at Castiel's nose as he brought Dean to full attention. He then moved to pull his pants down just under his ass. Maneuvering Dean's legs so his knees bent and his shins pressed into Castiel's chest he brought his cock to Dean's entrance.
Castiel was unarmed and enraged but he was sure he would put up one hell of a fight. The odds weren’t in his favor and it would be at least one on three since Dean was probably tied up or worse unconscious. That thought sent another wave of pure hot rage through his body and his blood felt like it was boiling. That’s what he needed to hone in on, that was his only shot against everyone in that house.
"I-just nothing, just normal class shit." Dean gave a weak smile and sat down on the edge of the bed running his hands through his short hair.
But Castiel kept pushing like he wanted to become one person with Dean and if he tried hard enough they would fuse together. Dean knew this wasn't for him, his cock was half hard now but he trailed his hands over Castiel's body trying to sooth him.
"Dean?" He asked nervously.
"Wait, what? I thought you hated packs like that?" Sam asked now understanding why Dean was acting so strange.
“Dean, you’re a good actor. You could pass for a beta even in bed. Well except for your slick, just don’t fuck they guy. Or get awkwardly turned on by his extreme alpha musk.” Dean gave a half hearted laugh and kept picking at his pants.
It was a reinforcement of the mating bond, it's pure instinct. Normally occurring after trauma or separation it was a way of reassuring the other.
"We are in such a weird ass situation but it's only right to return the favor. Show you a few of my tricks." Dean waggled his eyebrows and he lowered to his knees.
“Okay.” Cas said, but it sounded more like a question to Dean. Instead of addressing it, Dean kissed Cas, sending the full force of his body weight into the Alpha, and knocking the two of them to the ground. It was a fight for dominance as Dean rolled Castiel onto his back and started rutting into him with pure lust. Castiel bucked up enthusiastically as he slid his tongue into Dean’s hot mouth.
“I hate her.” he whispered again, pleadingly, “I hate her.” Dean didn’t know what to do, so he just held Cas until he was all cried out.
"It's about our mishap, Ha! The Mating Mishap.’" Dean said excitedly as he scribbled it across the paper as the heading.
“I’m just saying we haven’t done a thing since we got back and I think my ass is numb from lack of movement.”
"Mmm, Dean you are amazing. I could stay buried in you forever." Castiel lowered down to trail kisses across his shoulders.
“What the fuck do I look up?” Dean scratched his head and pulled on his hair before coming up with something. Alphas 101. Dean scanned over the long list of websites that popped up, Dean was educated in beta health and had little knowledge on alphas other than the need to know to ensure his safety. www.alpha101.gov/facts. Dean clicked on the site and waited patiently for it to load. What was even expecting to learn? Random facts on Cas, that had nothing to do with his personal life. Dean’s mouse overed over the directory until he found the basic info tag. His eyes scanned the page as he lazily read random patches to see if it was of any importance.
"He didn't knot me, Cas." Relief flooded Castiel but he still pulled of Dean’s pants. Revealing a raw patch of skin on Dean's left thigh. Castiel knew what it was from, Gabriel came home a few times with them when his brothers ditched him. His brother called them rut burns, when the omega fought too hard sometimes they just rubbed them raw and then jump them to knot them when they gave in.
"Fine." Rachel smiled, obviously pleased with herself.
It was the last few strokes Castiel love the most, the tensing of Dean’s freckle covered body, the pleasured expressions across his face and the needy gasps and cries that fell from his lips. Castiel could pop a knot just by watching Dean come. With one last stroke Dean came with a muffled cry, pumping out come onto Castiel’s hand that continued to stroke him, pulling every ounce of pleasure out of his orgasm that he could. Dean came down from his high slowly, breathing deeply he pushed forward to capture Castiel’s lips.
Dean toyed with the neon green wheels on the bottom of the boot before putting them on. Cas was already warming up rolling around him, encouraging him to hurry up.
The next time Dean woke he was getting a soft massage from his mate. With a pleased moan he gave a small stretch, his ass ached a little but Castiel was pampering him with soft kisses and scented him.
"I know something is going on that neither of them are telling me, I've always known. Even since Dean was young they always seemed to be trying to keep things under the radar." She gripped the wheel tighter. "I am his mother and John has no right to keep anything pertaining to my boy from me!" Her head shot up and the tip of her nose and corners of her eyes were bright red.
“Yeah, it’s not as great as you think.”
“I’m sorry, Jo I just hate my situation is all. “
*      *      *
When he jumped out he sprayed the room down and scrubbed at his sheets with hand soap and hot water from the sink. Finally after his thirty minute ordeal, Dean threw his sheets over the shower door to dry and crept out of the bathroom. Dean's scent was replaced with the smell of alpha spunk and he tried to ignore the way his cock twitched. Castiel must have had one hell of a dream to have slept through it all. Climbing back into his bare mattress Dean tried to close his eyes and catch the last few hours he had of sleep, but his skin was heating up again as his stomach was twisting in knots. Obviously sleep was not going to come easily tonight.
“I want a big family too, but I want to raise them up the right way. Not like my parents.” Dean side eyed Cas but didn’t say anything. He went back to watching the presentation. Feeling slightly upset he snapped at Cas.
"What did I do?" He was already extremely defensive. "The damn football thing? It was a mishap, Mary let it go."
The woman’s presentation lasted only a few more minutes and once it was over Dean sprang from his seat and stormed off towards the door.
“Say that again with my knot in your ass.” Cas growled. Dean laughed nervously.
it could be worse. On Dean's way down he ran into one of Castiel's brothers, Lucifer.
"You're stupid." He laughed and kissed Castiel's lips. "I've only bottomed for you, doofus." Everything flooded out if Castiel all at once. What! "Well I mean except for when Jo and I got creative." Dean started laughing and fell back into his pillow.
“How romantic of you, Dean.” Castiel chuckled as he took the small pie from Dean’s hands.
"Cas!" Dean gasped his hands shooting down to grab into the hair of his mate and roll his hips in time with him. The feeling of the dream world still clung to his brain as his body heated up.
Dean get out of bed and takes over the bathroom to skip Castiel's strip show. His thoughts lingered a second on the alpha at his back. He even considered turning around, staying a while in the doorway. He smacked the side of his head,  he needs to calm down. They have been in school for just a few months now and he can't let his stress get in the way of getting the hell out of here. He has three big test coming up so a trip to the library is a must. He is determined not to fall behind this year, and if that means studying all night then dammit he’ll do it.
“Stupid alpha, the air freshener was to hide my smell, and I was trying to be an asshole so you would switch roommates. I mean you do smell weird, not bad but you change scents all the time! It’s always honey mix with, well right now it’s...Lavender?”
"Alright, sure give me a minute." Dean scribbled down another point on his piece of paper, Cas, who was curious glanced over his shoulder.
“Well, now we can swap clothes.” Smiling Cas pulled Dean into a kiss.
"I can't believe I'm saying this, I mean this is blasphemy when it comes to mating! The one real thing we have connecting us centuries back and we are just going to walk all over it?” Dean paused looking over Castiel’s face as he debated in his mind. It was only a half mating, and he would have to move and alphas would generally leave him alone. Dean scrunched his nose and sighed “Oh fuck it, yes. Lets just be fake mates until school is over. But then we are done you go your way and I go mine." Castiel smiled and Dean cracked half a smirk. “Don’t smile at me I am still pissed at you, like really you couldn’t control yourself?” Castiel’s smile falter, he felt semi queasy like he had taken advantage of Dean, a chill ran down his spine and for a second his blood felt like ice.
"Father, Dean is completely capable of speaking for himself. He was born with vocal chords just like you."
“Fuck.” Then Dean remembered he actually had classes to study for.
“Um, Dean what do you think?”
"Ah yes I'm sure that's what you were doing." Jo mused suspiciously, she knew him all too well.
"Burgers don't count as dinner, plus it's late afternoon" he smirked "not really dinner time is it?"
"Has Castiel ever had close friends outside the pack?" Dean hoped Alfie had a long enough break to talk about this.
He dug his nails into Castiel's knees as the alpha picked up speed. Dean was panting with every thrust of Castiel's hips and slam of Dean's ass back down. Castiel was gripping Dean's hip pulling him up and angling him in just the right spot to hit his prostate. Each time Dean cried louder and more slick leaked onto Cas, sliding down his sack it sank into Castiel's bed. Heavy breathing, desperate mones, and bodies grinding was all that filled the room.
"Oh my god shut your mouth."
“I know,” Dean winked. “But we should probably leave.” Castiel nodded and tried to get out of the car without brushing his cock on his jeans too much. He hoped it would go down on the way home, but he was never that lucky. Well he did stumble upon Dean so maybe he was.
Well? I'm so sorry for being gone so long. A hell of a lot has happened to me and I've barely had time to breath!
"Mm, you know how good you feel?" Cas purred into Dean's ear and started to grind forward.
"What kind of shit?" Jo asked seriously.
"Hey, Dean."
“You’re too cocky, little omega. I won’t go light on you just because we sleep together.”
Castiel would become a Winchester and join Dean’s pack. A long time ago an omega would leave to live with their alpha’s pack, now a day’s people have become a little more flexible. It was still somewhat odd for an alpha to leave their pack but it wasn’t unheard of.
Ahhh yes end it at that, Dean are you enjoying this little mishap of yours? Oh tisk tisk little omega...
"I- I don't actually know to tell you the truth, but it's an old place, it's not vintage-style, it's actually vintage." Cas grinned, eyes sparkling.
"Alfie! Break time?" The slender alpha turned around from the espresso machine and gestured 'one minute' Dean nodded and took a seat. Within five minutes Alfie had removed his mandatory hat and apron and place a nice hot cup of coffee in front of Dean.
Stripping down he jumps in the shower. He sits under the water as it warms to a burning temperature. Water trickled down every curve of his body he took in the steam in deep breaths. Squeezing a generous amount of soap into his hand he rubs down his body. Over slender muscles and freaked shoulders he rolled the knots out of his body. This was a daily routine for Dean, but lately he has been extremely cautious around Castiel.
"You get just as clingy during your heat so I don't even want to hear it, and what makes you think the sex part of my rut is over?" Castiel growled in Dean's ear.
“I’m not showing off, just letting you know.”
“Dean!” They shouted in unison as a flood of them stood up to pass the omega around for a hug. He hadn’t been home in a terribly long time and missed every holiday get together there was. Castiel hung back with Jo who placed a hand on his lower back. He seemed to of gone unnoticed so far and he was grateful, that was except for a large brown-haired man who was making a beeline straight for him. He was intimidating in his walk and sharp features, his hazel eyes caught Castiel’s and he didn’t break contact but only puffed up. He had a rather large height advantage over him.
“The fact you can see the outline of my nipples, give me a few corny lines and a camera.” The shirt was at least two sizes too small and it practically outlined his chest hairs.
“I'll just take them during my heat since they are also birth control,” Dean assured.
Castiel had always known how fast Dean was, sparing had really shown him Dean's potential. But Castiel was in awe over how perfect Dean looked with a small wrinkle between his eyes as he quickly calculated and remembered his cards. His moves were like lighting and he was distracting enough to cause Cas to lose.
"Uh, yeah I'm mated. What can I not have morning sex?" Pamela had one terrifying nose on her, since she was blind her sense of smell could rival a lifetime mate when it came to identifying changes.
“About you.”
“Good.” Cas watched Dean start the car.
"How about I just tell him you want your ass kicked, again?"
It was a snap decision but once Dean came with a toe curling cry Castiel pulled out just before they were fully knotted together and spilled out onto Dean’s cock and stomach. Castiel doubles over onto Dean and nuzzled his neck, scenting the man.
"Holy shit I have to pack!" Castiel jumped out of bed and ran around the room stark naked.
Thinking about it only made him angrier so he tried to clear his mind. There was only one thing he could do now. And that was walking home.
I put so much work into this chapter, and it is hella long!!!
“These people are bat shit crazy, Cas!” Dean mumbled from behind his cup.
"Don't ever do that to me again," Castiel mumbled into his mates hair as he scented him.
“No,” That was a lie but she didn’t have to know. “and just because I rejected you doesn’t mean I don’t have interest in others.” Cas smiled and earned himself a slap in the back of the head.
“Aw, look at the poor baby.” Cas glared at him so Dean quickly kissed his pouty lips and went back to driving.
"How did that go." Dean was still the only person who Castiel had told so Alfie only saw this as an awkward encounter with his ex.
“Oh, okay then.” Castiel placed another kiss on Dean’s shoulder.
"Crowley." Dean gave a forced smile.
“Yeah, just a friend.” Dean nodded and turned over to put his back to the man. Dean closes his eyes and Jo’s words continue to  run through his head.
"Oh, little alpha who said I was done with you?" Dean rolled over to straddle Castiel's hips, they were both stark naked and Dean was still stretched out and slicked from last night's events.
"Baby, are you crying?" Dean asked sliding off the mattress and walking over to him. Castiel looked so small trying to stuff the clothes back in the bag, he was nearly shaking.
“Cas, relax you’re starting to make me nervous.”  Dean started the car and peeled out of the parking lot and down the empty road towards the Novak residence.
I am not going to lie I really did not expect anyone to read that last chapter and within an hour of it being up, familiar faces started popping up. I can't tell you how amazing it is seeing you all! Thank you for giving this story a second chance and I hope I do justice by it! To tell you the truth I had the entire story planned out before writing it...everything but the end! I went over this chapter so many times changing it around trying to work it. I think I am happy with it. Again no editor I'm sorry I find It hard to catch my own mistakes!
"Y-yes, I am from that pack." He almost looked upset that Dean knew his family.
“Ugh, would it be bad to drop out?”
"Yes, you're right and I'm sorry." It was a big dirty lie, but he couldn't let Mary know that.
"What the hell was that for?" Cas snapped.
“Damnit, Cas this is exactly why we don’t have nice things,” Dean patted Castiel back unable to be truly mad at him since this was his Rut and Castiel didn’t complain about Dean’s heat that happens much more often. “You just end up humping everything.”
He had a late class tonight so they were not planning on doing anything.  Castiel actually thought he was going to be jumped by his mate at the door.
Castiel didn't doubt him, Dean was a strong man he had a few inches on him and he looked scrappy.
"Relax, now don't be annoying. Sam, you’re a giant so you'll stick out. Adam, not so much."
"Great, oh and I hope your spring break is open because I totally dragged you down with me." Castiel smiled.
Dean waited anxiously for Castiel to push in, he bit the bottom of his lip. The only time Castiel didn't prep Dean was when Dean was in heat. So he was prepared for slight pain. But he wouldn't speak up he knew something was wrong with Cas and if all he could do was give himself over than he would.
“You ready to fuck me?” Cas whispered into Dean’s swollen lips.
"No matter, I didn't come here to judge you on perspiration." Dean commented eagerly sipping his too hot coffee and burnt his tongue.
"Oh Alfie, it's a pleasure to be here." Dean sarcastically replied.
“You need to tell me what happened, why were you in the woods?” Castiel ran his hands through Dean’s hair, rubbing soothing circles on his temple. Dean sighed, like the thought of talking was too much. “I’ll clean you up as you tell me, then I’ll let you sleep.” Dean gave a slight nod as Castiel stood up to grab his first aid kit and a wet washcloth. As Castiel disappeared Dean looked at the flaking ceiling. What did happen? Alistair got the jump on him, Dean wasn’t made of glass and he knew how to take on an alpha. He was just distracted and injured, maybe it was time he brushed up on his fighting skills.
Basic triggers I posted in the tags, sex trade and kidnapping...you know.
Gabriel only nodded and was rinsing the dishes from the lunch he probably had alone.
"I love you, too." Dean sighed as Castiel left. He remembers the first time Cas said that to him. During his breakdown on the side of the road, he was so broken. It wasn't a sad or happy memory, just intense. Their feelings were multiplied by twenty in the car back then and Dean had never felt so close to Cas before. So raw and emotional.
“I guessed that, you have a weak spot for pups. Hell so do I.”
“Yeah, I’m fine. I’m fine.” He said.
“Sit up on the headboard more, Mr.Winchester.” He obeyed and was quickly rewarded with Castiel's thumb placed firmly at his wet hole. “Good, just like that, now relax and let me help you.” Castiel purred, scooting closer so he could still see himself finger fucking Dean but could still kiss him. Castiel added another digit and Dean preened with pleasure. “Fill you up so good, won’t need any other alpha.” He started to scissor open the omega and that's when Dean’s pleased hums turned more sensual.
"He isn't allowed to eat with us. Naturally he should be leaving to Balthazar's pack but that didn't happen. Only mated omegas from our pack are allowed at the table. And for all intents and purposes Gabriel is no longer in our pack." Dean's jaw dropped as he tried to absorbs all the information. Castiel placed a soft hand on Dean's leg but he didn't move.
“Yeah, me too.” He admitted. Dean thought about it a moment, and then shrugged.
"Okay then what did you want to ask me?" Dean bit his lip, he was going to sound like a fucking idiot.
"Hey, Dean you up for a coffee?"
He didn't want to be having this conversation and Cas' had a sick feeling in his stomach that could only be soothed by Dean's calming scent. Maybe it was a coincidence or Dean had sensed Castiel's distress but his mate showed up within minutes of the silence.
"Come sit, I've got a fun night planned." Castiel was wondering what kind of kinky game he was about to get into with Dean and a deck of cards.
The trip was the kind of escape they both needed, sometimes the tension in the house was painful.
"Dean, sit in your bed and don't open the fucking door. I'm just outside." With a whine Dean ended the call. He really is going through a hell of a heat.
“Well doc, I’ve just been so neglected and like all omegas, I need a nice fat knot.” Dean played along.
"Now as you breathe in take aim and out when you shoot." Dean stepped back to the red tape with Adam, Sam, and Jo as Castiel put on the sound-canceling headphones. They could all see how out of his element Castiel was but he was taking it well. A gun is very intimidating, even to an alpha.
A blonde alpha waitress with a ponytail seated them in a booth by the window. She set down two tall glasses of water, winking at Dean before walking away to let them make a decision. Castiel growled at her retreating figure, and Dean chuckled from behind his menu. It's no secret Dean's a gorgeous omega, right now he was letting off the most dizzying of smells, it was amazing how his body worked, chemical makeup changing nearly every week. His body was calling Cas, or really, any alpha in the room, as if it was a reminder his heat would be in a few weeks. He smelled so good and claimable. Cas wished he could scent him again right now, but he resisted. Dean wasn’t his to mark, even if their chemical connections said otherwise.
“Ain't nothin’ wrong with how I speak my English!” Castiel only laughed in reply and Dean joined in soon after.
Again he found himself walking swiftly to his class, he doesn't stop for coffee anymore and only waved at a few people but no longer strikes up any conversations. He used the same excuse every time 'sorry, I'm late to class' even though today he was it was still a lie most of the time.
Water collected in the corner of Dean’s eyes he was begging for release, his cock rubbing between his and Castiel’s stomach. Gasping, the only words falling from his lips were ‘Cas” and ‘fuck’. Castiel fucked Dean back down into the carpet once
"He said that?" Cas asked rubbing the back of his neck.
"Geez, Cas is that a gun in your pants or are you just happy to see me?" Castiel almost snorted.
"Shit, this is like ten times nicer than my dorm!" Rachel lived on the other side of campus near the omega buildings. They pack a lot of the betas around there and as few alphas as possible.
“See you guys later,” Alfie said with a suggestive wink, clearly he knew what they’ll be getting up to very soon. Dean waved back, and Cas grumbled blushing at his brother. They headed off with their coffee, hand in hand.
"Are you saying someone is going to walk in on this?” He motioned at their bodies that were tied together.
"I just want to know!"
“I-I don’t know but I mean people have broken a bond before, we just have to think this through.” Dean glared at Castiel, think it through? He was already dealing with being a god for saken omega that was just outed and now he has to deal with a fucking mate?
"I still love you, mommy, I take care of you." He leaned in and hugged her waist and placed his tiny hand on her large swell of a stomach. "An’ the babies," She didn't let Dean see it but silent tears fell down her face. He was her life, he always would be.
The car was silent for more than a half hour they confided in each other by scenting and nipping. Marking each other as their own.
"Why's it called that?" He asked. Cas opened his mouth to answer and then shut it again.
“I know, I know.” Dean kissed his cheek “Let me make it up to you.” Dean lowered himself and gently wrapped his mouth around Cas’ dick again. sucking and licking, consciously avoiding any contact with teeth whatsoever. Cas started to moan and pant. Dean’s tongue licked a stripe up Cas’ shaft and dipped experimentally under the thin layer of skin covering it. Dean circled the head with the tip of his tongue. He went on like this, so slowly that Cas’ crocodile tears rolled down his cheek.
Next update will be Tuesday April 8th!
Castiel walked over to Dean quickly and sat beside him.
“Whu -re you doin’?” Dean asked sleepily. Castiel stood up quickly.
"You two know each other?" It was the first question out of his mouth before they even sat down.
“That’s it, Dean we’re leaving.” Castiel’s hand dropped to grab Dean and storm out but Dean resisted.
Finally, Castiel made it to his room, sliding his key in he swung the door open. He was hit with a blast of air freshener that was so potent it burned his nose. Castiel coughed a few times as he entered the room, leaving the door open behind him. He looked around the room to find Dean was gone, his bed was made and had a towel folded over his laundry bin. He looked over at the open windows and noticed the can of air freshener by Dean’s bedside, and another on the bathroom counter. Castiel felt suddenly embarrassed, was his scent really that terrible? No one else had commented on it, some actually enjoy his smell.
"Is he okay?" Ellen walked over to check him out.
"Ah, fuck!" Dean yelped as a new wave of slick dripped from his ass. Dean's cock was smacking against his stomach and it was painfully hard. Pre-come splashed onto his stomach as Castiel drilled into him mercilessly. Dean was choking on his own cries, Castiel managed to hit Dean's prostate every time. Water pooled in his eyes as a trail slid down his left side and soaked into the pillow. Cas kept growling and panting.
It was a quiet few minutes, Castiel was trying to read a book but his cock kept distracting him. He was rereading the same sentence five times over because the whimpers Dean made as he rocked back on his heel was so distracting. He was drunk on Deans’ smell and had no way of release. He heard Deans’ bed springs creak and then he had company.
“So, ya like um?” Dean asked once the made it upstairs and out of earshot of the very chatty group of people.
“Dean-” Cas started still looking upset at his outburst.
"Gabe." Castiel was rather happy, somewhat awkward since he was knotted in his unofficial mate.
So they did just that and within two hours Dean found himself waiting outside a dressing room at Macy’s. Yeah this wasn’t his first choice but they needed basic things.
"Well I mean I can tell, sex seems to keep you real...tied up." Jo gave a half-smile as Dean glared at her.
Another snarls ripped from Castiel's chest when Dean made a sharp left and let the alpha slam into the mats on the wall. Dean stopped in his tracks and turned to fight bending his knees and growling. Castiel was fast, and thankfully alpha traits didn't increase that. Nor did it affect his strength. Dean could still block all his blows and he could tell Cas wasn't using all his strength.
Opening the door rather loudly she roused her husband out of his sleep. "John." It was stern and she was determined to keep her voice like this the whole time.
"You're sure?" Dean just nodded and bucked up causing his cock to slap against his stomach.
“Dean?” Cas knocked on the door, Dean didn’t answer him. “Come on Dean, please?” Just hearing the apologetic low rumble of the alpha’s voice made his body tremble. He needed Cas, more than he did last night. Way more. He was determined to stay angry.
“We goin’?” Dean asked, reaching out a hand to Cas. Castiel bit his lip and took it as they walked out to Dean’s car. Cas thought the car ride would be dead silent, but it wasn’t. “Ramble On” played as they drove around looking for a good burger place. They talked amiably about classes, made fun of teachers and peers, and sang some of the lyrics as well.
"Thank you." Castiel was genuinely happy he was approved by such an important person in Dean's life.
“Forget about them, Dean.”
"You think you can just come in and take what you want?" Dean was already worked up but he was fuming now. With one hand possibly broken he had a problem if this did turn into a fight. Another perk of being an alpha was their fighting traits. Enhanced eyesight, sharpened teeth and nails. It was a force to be feared.
“That's the thing, man! Okay, this is a confusing ass story so I'll keep it short and sweet. I've got a mate. He's an alpha and he was my roommate. One thing led to another and on and on and now we are here." Dean was rambling almost scared to mention Cas's name.
“What happened here?” She asked as she leaned down next to the blonde alpha. “Oh god,” examining him for a few seconds before concluding he was dead.
Dean hated being cryptic but he didn't want to say anything over a text. They needed to have a serious conversation on where they stood. They weren't mates, they sure as hell acted like them. Sometimes Dean fooled himself in the early parts of the morning and pretended Castiel had a matching mark on his neck. Or at night when Castiel would take Dean apart piece by piece, worshiping every inch of his body. Showing him affection like never before. Jo was just sex. Cas was something else entirely. He was the body of an alpha with the mind of something amazing. His views, his passions, and his love for his niece. It was something he craved, for himself, his future pups, and for a leader if his pack.
"Ah so you're Dean." Meg almost purred as she extended her arm. Dean didn't budge.
“This is why we can’t have nice things!” Dean said teasingly, before kissing his cheek. He earned a few smiles from the others in the coffee shop.
But he was so much more and the second he drew back the curtain his jaw physically dropped.
Screw this.
Cas gave Dean a defensive look and opened his mouth to retaliate, but Dean cut him off. "I know you don't have one and once they meet you they will too but I'm just saying-"
"Oh are you now?" Castiel asked obviously intrigued.
Dean walked around to the back and popped the trunk and fished out a spare and the tools he would need for the job. He tried not to think of Castiel sitting in the car, he didn't want to snap at him he was just so on edge over this. He wanted to help him so badly but was at such a loss he wanted to scream. Moving back to the tire he crouched by the car and tried to maintain his balance on the balls of his feet. The rain felt like individual stabs of ice into his back and it dripped down his face sliding over his lips.
"Dean, calm down. I'm sure your brother will be just fine." Castiel talked to him from the bathroom, he had plans with his brother to get something to eat to give Dean's some alone time to talk with Sam.
But we are back and ready to jump into the next part of the story!
Taking the steps three at a time Castiel rounded the corner to see three alphas tapping on his door.
“What?” He demanded angrily stalking past him, Cas grabbed his wrist.
Dean was already ready to burst from the ruthless pounding on his prostate and the growing size of Castiel knot. Cas gripped Dean's hand harder and in one final act plowed deeper into Dean as the omega burst with a sharp cry that could be heard from down the hall.
"And then over there," he pointed "about 3 blocks up the road is a drive in movie theatre which is just as old!" He was bouncing up and down on the balls of his feet like a little kid. Dean smiled sweetly.
Don't forget to check out my tumblr http://sassbutt-casbutt.tumblr.com/ for updates between chapters!
“Oh, baby.” Castiel growls palming his own erection, relieving a bit of the pressure.
"Okay everyone shut your traps, as usually John and I are captains," Bobby called over the small crowd. "I'll give you the first pick you old bat." John didn't take any insults seriously if it came from Bobby.
"Okay breathe, baby you're okay I have you and she is far away. Look at me." Dean took hold of Castiel's chin and turned his face up towards him. "I love you, Castiel and she is gone. So utterly gone from your life, because I will snap her damn neck if she comes around." Once Dean finished Castiel's head dropped slightly and his eyes averted to Dean's shirt. It was a blank stare, one that many people wore when having flashbacks. "Cas, do you want to talk about it?" Dean placed a comforting hand on his shoulder, reaffirming his scent.
Dean's head snapped up when he head a door creak open down the hall followed by little footsteps. Her hair was wet and she was already in pajamas even though it was still midday.
"Shit." Castiel whispered. One arms was caught under Dean's smooth back and Cas was now practically on top of Dean trying to grab his phone. Ignoring the half of an erection that was rubbing into Dean's thigh. With one last try Castiel reached down for the phone. Mistakenly pushing too far and pulled himself and Dean onto the floor. Dean woke with a startled yelp as he landed on top of Castiel. His leg still pressed into his morning erection that was normally dealt with in the shower.
"Just bask in it, baby. We can only be fuck buddies for so long."
"You are all sick fucks and I don't know how Castiel could come from such a vile family. Oh, and Naomi if getting knocked up makes you a bitch then you must be the fucking queen" At that Dean turned and stormed out of the room and down the hall to Gabriel's part of the house.
two more strokes and Dean fell into a toe curling orgasm. Releasing Castiel's knees he fell forward and nuzzled his neck. Breathing in his smell as he rode out his high by fucking into Castiel's come covered stomach. Four more thrust and Castiel was locked into place he sunk his teeth in the same spot on Dean's neck when he came. He kissed an lapped at the blood to sooth the skin. Dean squeezed his eyes shut and let out a cry, toes curling as he felt Castiel sink into the all to sensitive mating mark. Castiel tugged at his knot and made Dean groan, already out of breath he took a moment to recover.
“The green of your eyes.” Dean froze for a second until he fell back into kissing Castiel. Pushing on the alphas shoulder he laid him flat on the bed as Dean crawled up to straddle his hips.
Dean thinks back to his research from the beginning of the year. One way to break it was to kill one of the two. But the other one wouldn't go off to find another mate, mating was lifelong even if they killed off Cas. Dean growled slightly knowing he would still be connected to him and he would fall to no new feet
"Holy fuck." He gasped and Dean managed to pull out Castiel's knot without a problem. Dean stood up obviously proud of his work, cum dripped from his lips to his chin. Castiel leaned in his lips barely grazing Dean’s and dragged his thumb across his chin. Sliding his lips around his thumb he sucked it clean with a low growl.
“You are really something, Dean Winchester.” Cas shook his head lightly and smiled.
“Okay, you aren’t bleeding so that’s good.” Dean was cut off before he could yell back by an all too familiar voice.
"I am so sick of you shit, John! You think since I'm an omega I'm nothing without an alpha? Like I'm some lost fuck toy searching for a knot? Well, I am a person and I am done listening to you bash me for something I had no control over! So I swear to god the next omega bashing word that comes out of your mouth will get shoved down your throat so fast. I don't deserve all the crap you put on me!" John tightened his fist like he was going to hit Dean and the entire room was silent. "I wasn't born for you to brainwash me! So if you aren't going to be a grown-ass man about any of this then kindly fuck off!" Dean was panting and refused to break eye contact with his father. His eyes had small swirls of red around the pupil but he didn't speak.
"I can't believe that just happened!" Dean laughed wiping a tear from the corner of his eye.
"God Dean, I'm coming now I’ll be there in a few minutes. Just stay put please."  Castiel ended the call and Dean pocketed his phone. Letting out a large breath he leaned his head back into the cool metal of the car. Closing his eyes he tried to block out the pain and cold.
John was gruff and by the way, he looked at Castiel he clearly knew the news. He hadn't shaved in a few days and wore an old faded flannel and ripped jeans. He looked intimidating but Castiel wasn't planning on confronting him.
"I'm leaving for my parents' today, smartass." Then Cas stopped he dropped his bag and he and Dean looked at each other for a few seconds.
Dean Winchester, watery green eyes, flushed cheeks,with freckles all over his body. Red kiss marks and bites with a wonderful pair of black lace panties soaked in slick.
"Maybe I'll just drag you there, little omega."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Well I'm not denying he’s your mate, it just smells off. You both have a strong tie but it's just missing something." She looked like she was thinking over something for a few seconds and then shrugs her shoulders and went back to listening. Dean felt like he was going to vomit . Missing something? Strong ties? What the fuck.
"Okay, tell me if this gets uncomfortable for you." Dean nodded and Castiel stepped forward. His shirt hung unbuttoned on Dean’s body and he had yet to pull on the t shirt. Moving in he nuzzles at Dean’s neck and rubbed his wrist over his chest marking him as 'taken'. Deans skin felt so hot against his lips and the smell was intoxicating. Small moans left Deans lips as he pushed into Castiel. Dean maneuvered himself so Castiel's thigh slotted between his legs. He pushed himself on the alpha and scented his neck and nuzzled his chest. Lightly he pressed his erection into Castiel's thigh and started to lightly rub against him. Castiel responded by nipping and licking at Dean’s throat. Guiding the scent glands on his wrist across Dean’s chest and around grabbing his ass and pushing Dean harder into his leg.
Dean heartbeat was blasting in his ears he was so close he could smell him through the open window to the left of him. Stopping completely he closed his eyes and tried to listen in on the voices to see if Dean was in the room above him. He heard slight mumbling between two men.
Doctor Reynolds came in after a few minutes with Dean's medical folder thick with papers since when he was a pup.
As he crossed the road he started internally yelling for Dean begging for a sign.
"Alpha!" Dean yelped out as his dream dissipated in his mind.
Castiel tried to ignore the smell of slick in the air and rolled onto his stomach to press his nose into the pillow. It was nearly impossible to hear his omega beg him and to no react. It went against every instinct he had, you don’t turn down your omega it is rooted deep in him to continuously enforce the mating bond. Castiel tried to distract himself by rutting into the mattress hoping that would be enough to get Dean out of his head. He had to stand his ground but Dean obviously knew it was working and he increased his moans.
“I never knew I liked panties until I slept with you.” Cas admitted, not like he had a real extensive knowledge of what he did and didn’t like on a person in bed.
"No really how is everyone?" Dean was interested in how his pack was holding up. He really only exchanged short text with them nowadays. Sam laughed like he was going to humor his brother.
"Why are you mad?" She patted Dean's cheek and cocked her head.
"Is it the schlubby alpha of yours?" Jo spit. "I'll come down there, Dean. Kick some ass!" Jo was kind of protective of Dean.
“Shut up and act like you are dying from a crazy heat.” Castiel ordered.
"No! I was winning!" He cried. Dean let go and opened the door holding it for Cas who quirked an eyebrow. Dean shrugged. "Burgers aren't technically dates." He said. Cas nodded.
Castiel couldn’t believe he was looking at houses with Dean, the roommate that hated his guts. “Ellen and Bobby wanted to give me, well us, a check for our first month's rent. I told them no but Ellen insisted and I don’t plan on dying any time soon so I accepted it.”
Dean woke up not forty minutes later with Castiel still awake and grooming him.
The awful pin-prick feeling of total heartbreak washed over him. Dean started to cry. This was why Dean didn’t grow attached to people outside of his pack, they left. He was just an omega and now that his use to Castiel was over he was just the dirt the alpha walked over. God, he thought Castiel was different, caring, loving, a proper alpha with morals. But he was just like the rest. Dean’s face twisted as he thought of all he and Cas did to either, the sex, the date, all of it and it was just for his entertainment. Dean felt oddly violated, Cas was the one who protected him even if he didn’t really need it, he was his rock through this and now he’s crumbled. Dean felt like sideshow entertainment and it only pushed more tears into his eyes as they threatened to spill over his red rims.
"Cas you are knotted in me, you have been cuming for like an hour and you can still get it off?" Dean gave a sleepy chuckle, his knot had to go down eventually. He slept through the last one so he didn't notice.
So Castiel was very surprised to come back to their dorm and find Dean sitting in a zip-up and basketball shorts. A deck of cards was sitting in front of him and he had a smirk on his lips.
The smell of omega hit Cas all over again and he turned towards Dean and started to pull him inside.
"I better see your ass over break, mom is pissed she hasn't seen you and so is Bobby." Dean gave a chuckle and pulled Jo close to place a kiss on her forehead.
"Swear to god if you keep calling me that I'm calling you Big Daddy." Castiel's face twisted into a sour expression.
"Hello, darling" he smiled and it was like his voice deepened in the past few hours because now he sounded almost intimidating
Just some info ahead, Dean had a relatively happy childhood. His dad was the only one holding him back so Dean knows what it's like to have a childhood and just be happy...So here we go!!
"How about you pull over and we enjoy this with the windows down?" Castiel shook the bag lightly and Dean's mood perked.
"Dean shut up! We are in public!" Castiel glared at the omega.
“Baby, please come on talk to me, I’m right here.” Dean shook his shoulders trying to rouse him from his trance. Dean’s breathing was becoming erratic and his vision became blurred with hot tears that were streaking his face. He had to call someone, anyone, but he had no idea where he even was. He started patting down Castiel’s pockets praying he took his phone with him. Before he even had time to slide it out of his pocket sirens could be heard in the distance. Dean snapped his head up. “I will be back, don’t you fucking die on me.” His voice wavered and his throat tightened. The sirens were getting closer and Dean scrambled through the tall grass into the middle of the road. Waving his arms in the air and shouting. His voice was so horse and worn.
"Shh," Castiel placed a finger over Dean's lips. "Just relax, if this heat is gonna vamp up like your first because if how long its been then you need sleep and I need a damn fitness bar." They both laughed as Dean pushed himself back into his pillow and nuzzled in comfortably.
"Hey, why are you upset? You were amazing down there. I'm so proud of you." Castiel smiled and took Dean's hand to scent it.
"Hello, Dean." Castiel voice sounded broken and he stood by the door for a few beats and then started moving for his bed.
Castiel chucked nervously and nodded returning back to his bed. Are you saying I deflowered you. “Yes and no.” He sighed, knowing Dean couldn’t hear him, but the last thing he wanted was to go into his - complicated - past sex life. Not after all this time has passed. He just fucking mated someone…How the fuck did any of this happen? Life is one hell of a ride.
“Nah, I like the peach fuzz.” Dean said. He dropped his hand an awkwardly walking back over to his bed, turning his back to Castiel.
"My mate just went into heat a little...unexpectedly." The beta nodded and lightened up a bit. That obviously explained Castiel's odd behavior.
Dean’s head was swimming just like yesterday. He couldn’t focus on the words in front of him and his skin felt hot. He had been pushing through for hours but he can see the sun setting from the large glass wall of the library. Wiping the sweat from his brow he plied his books into his bag and froze. His stomach clenched into knots and he felt like he's going to puke. Bolting for the bathroom he ignored the odd stares he got from his peers.
“Mate, my baby boy has a mate!” Mary was over the moon with joy as she pulled both men into a crushing hug peppered in kisses and welcomes. As it turns out everyone seemed pleased with the announcement, they purposely neglected to say how long they had really been mated but that was a minor detail.
"So, um when do you think we will start looking for that shrink guy?" Dean stumbled slightly.
"You really think your parents are gonna make us go to your place? I have a very clear no pack visits rule in our contract that will not be broken." Dean sipped at his coffee and looked at his feet as he walked.
“Campus across town, such easy pickings over there, you could probably window shop there for your next buy.” Alton seemed to care less about the prospect of another purchase and studied Dean like he was a caged animal in a science lab.
"First come first serve! Alpha code-"
Pushing his legs faster and trying to control the turmoil that boiled just below his skin he tried to focus. But nagging in his gut had him feeling disoriented, like a compass spinning in all directions.
"So why did you come to see me?" Dean's face twisted a little as he thought.
Castiel pinned the alpha under him and dug his sharpening nails deep into Alistairs throat. His eyes were changing from blue to a dark gold as he snarled into his ear.
Both John and Mary were happy to find the place was empty of anyone but them because they didn't think Dean could wait another second.
He was still strong, he could beat his brothers in a match. That he did enjoy.
“I have no clue, I don’t even know if he wanted me to mate, either way at least he is the only one who will protest us.” Dean sighed knowing his father was stubborn as a mull and acted nasty once Mary left the room.
“I’m fine, Cas I swear. Just kiss me.” It wasn’t just a distraction, Dean really did need to feel his mate, Castiel’s touch was always therapeutic. Cas lifted his head and cupped Dean’s cheek to press into a kiss, he pressed his tongue into Dean’s welcoming mouth and they lost themselves in each other. Castiel pressed Dean back down onto his pillow and decided to skip his first class, he could get the notes from Becky.
“Winchester and Novak.” Dean made sure not to let himself break from his hard-set mask of anger, even though he hated the idea of Crowley looking into his family.
"Thank you." The nurse gave him one last smile and left. Opening the door he was happy to see Mary who was no longer sharing a room.
“Yes Cas, this is my best friend slash, old sex buddy. Jo, meet Castiel, my mate.”
"I-uh wow, how do I put this?" Dean regrets not planning out what he would say. He had enough damn time to think it over.
As always comments are so greatly appreciated and drive us to write like mad!
“There is a man downstairs, I don’t know if he is alive, and, him,” Dean said quietly lifting a hand to point at Crowley who was still unconscious. The female beta nodded her head and drew her weapon as she entered the back of the house.
"Sometimes my daddy cries after going up there. That's why I'm not allowed."
"Yeah, I’d love to see all the dirty things you didn't bring to college."
