“Babe, take Cora into the room, okay? I’ll deal with this… please just go,” Tony whispered, trying to calm Steve down. It took a few deep breaths, but after a moment, the blond gave a small nod. He walked to smile down at a very upset and scared looking Cora.
“I’ve been pretty sick for the past few days, probably just food poisoning or something,” Steve answered, quietly.
“Steve...I don’t think any differently of you because of this. You went into heat and you needed help, so I helped. I’m still going to think of you as the tall, goofy blond who likes
“I’m well aware of the fact that you’ve been doing freelance work, pro bono, for nonprofits in the area in your spare time,”
“No one, he’s just a guy from work,” Steve answered, trying to be as nonchalant as possible. He threw an axe, hoping that the bullseye he made would serve as a distraction.
Steve sat there, letting Sarah’s words sink in. Before he had a chance to speak, though, she continued.
“Oh, well, at the time I thought I might be happier doing graphic design, but to tell the truth, I’ve really missed building web content for clients,” Tony answered, honestly.
Tony let Carol’s words sink in for a moment. He had no clue what he was doing or what he truly wanted, but it was extremely comforting to know that he wasn’t alone in how he felt.
“We were both given second chances at life, so we shouldn’t waste them. Punishing ourselves for things we did or didn’t do. You deserve to be happy, just as much as anyone else does.”
“What does it matter where the money came from?” Tony asked, legitimately confused by his boyfriend’s reaction. “All that matters is that this is something that you really wanted, I know this is something that would mean a lot to you so I got it for you.”
“Look, guys, I’m sorry. I really appreciate the offer to help but really, I’ll be ok. So, why are you all here, anyway?” Steve asked, realizing that he hadn’t asked his friends over to begin with.
“Thanks,” Tony said softly. Steve just gave a nod before clearing his throat and turning to leave the pavilion.
She got up and all but stomped off (well…it wasn’t so much stomping as it was delicately wisping away in an angry manner), leaving Tony slightly hard and confused.
He wanted to say something, wanted to somehow express the intense emotions he was feeling right now, but only one thing escaped his lips.
Tony took a good look at Pepper’s face. Her eyes were puffy and red while a trail of almost dried tears streaked her cheeks.
“Yeah, really. You're not so bad...for an alpha. Plus Rhodey and Pepper seem like perfectly sane people, so for them to want to be your friend there must be
Barton turned to face Steve and Fury, continuing to walk, backwards. “Nice to meet ya, the name’s Clint! And let me tell you, you’re one lucky SOB to get to be working with me —”
sneakers!” Coraline yelled. She threw the ridiculous boot on the ground and started stomping in circles. Finally she sat down on the floor and started screaming. It wasn’t a yell, it wasn’t a shout, but a blood curling scream. Everyone in the store came rushing to where the sound was coming from.
“Is it the Avengers? Iron Man? I mean, what do I need to do to fix whatever it is that I’ve broken?”
“Keep feeding me like this and I’ll probably never leave this apartment!” Tony spoke around a mouthful of food.
“You can break that rule, just this once,” Steve prompted. Cora warily looked between her dad and the door, before slowly approaching it and standing on her tip toes to reach and turn the handle.
Tony still hadn’t come clean about who he really was, so of course any amount of money that seemed minimal to him would seem excessive to Steve. He’d dug himself into somewhat of a hole with this, and if he didn’t find a way to fix it, things would only get worse. He took a deep breath before taking both of Steve’s hands in his own.
Carol and Pepper stood by the door to hand out favors and thank their guests as everyone left, while Steve moved to the kitchen to get himself a glass of water and to have a moment to himself. He sat at the window bench close to the back door, looking out at the beautiful Spring day, and sighed at just how amazing everything was in that moment.
Tony woke up the next morning feeling like the Hulk had tried to squish his head like a grape. He hadn’t been this hungover in a long time and all he wanted was to just sleep until the hangover went away. As he returned to full consciousness, Tony realized something: he was in his bed. The last he remembered, he had vowed to just live in the workshop until everything didn’t hurt anymore. And then it hit him like a ton of bricks; he remembered why he was in his bed. After drinking so much and making out with Steve, the only place he could think to run to was the one place he knew Steve wouldn’t follow. Thinking of the events that took place the night before made Tony’s cock twitch. He groaned, and buried his head in a pillow. When did this happen? When did his teenage crush on the good ol’ Captain resurface and turn into this? Tony couldn’t deal with these thoughts, at least not without three cups of coffee and maybe some toast. He quickly checked the clock and took note that it was almost two in the afternoon. No one would be in the kitchen so he could make his coffee and slink off to the workshop. At least that was the plan, anyway.
“Well, I guess we should put her down for a nap then,” Tony spoke around a laugh at how adorably tired Mason seemed.
"As much as it sucks to hear you won't make it, it'll be ok. You've got big important business guy stuff to do, Bug and I understand!"
“It means that I’ve been too careless for too long, and that has to stop. Currently, I’m the only person I can trust to not abandon my daughter. It’s going to be hard enough explaining why her own
“So,” Tony began, leaning back enough on the stone bench to let the sun warm his face, “I feel like since I just dumped a huge personal secret on you, it’s only fair that you tell me your whole life’s story so that we’re even. Or at the very least tell me what led you to becoming a teacher.”
“I mean, you’d definitely bring in business standing out there, but I figure you’d enjoy yourself more on the inside of the building,” Tony teased. “I could be wrong though, I have heard people say they’d rather stare at a brick wall than spend time with me so—”
Tony surged forward and kissed Steve with every ounce of love he had in his entire soul. “I’m gonna make this so good for you,” Tony whispered, slowly shifting them until Steve was below him, Tony situated between his legs.
The blond had this way of getting all shy and soft spoken when he thinks he’s being a little too forward, and Tony found it absolutely endearing.
Tony’s words seemed to end the battle going on in Steve’s mind. He let out a long sigh before he spoke.
“I feel as though maybe you should take a little more time before jumping back into dating, but I'm glad you’re trying to move on. At any rate, get the girl’s number and hang out with her somewhere other than the bar. If you like her enough to spend every night there then you like her enough to take her to dinner.”
Steve thought over her words, deciding that it couldn’t hurt much to just listen to what she had to say. “Okay,” he quietly agreed.
“Hey little guy,” Steve said, reaching in the box for the bot, “Hope you’re ready to meet the team today!”
“Listen, you don’t want this Steve. I get that you’re all alone, and I’m the first real friend you’ve made since your Cap nap but this…I am not what you want. I mean are you even… Do you… Are you even interested in men?”
Steve physically flinched at Pepper’s last few words. She laid it out so plainly; that Tony accused him so easily not because he didn’t trust Steve, but because he didn’t know how to accept the fact that someone could love him without any strings attached. Steve’s heart hurt for all that Tony must have gone through to think so little of himself and what he deserved from the world around him.
thanks for reading! i hope you all enjoyed this chapter as much as i did and brace yourselves because chapter 3 is gunna be so awesome you won't be able to handle it!
Tony narrowed his eyes at Bucky before offering his award winning smile. Bucky responded with a smile of his own and after a moment, both men offered up a small laugh.
“I’m glad to hear that Steve,” Pepper said, giving a small smile. “But I want you to know that this can’t happen again. Tony wouldn’t be able to stand having you break his heart like this twice. So if you say you love Tony and that you want to make all of this right, you have to mean it. Because I will not let you destroy my best friend the way you did, ever again. Are we clear?”
“Steve,” Sam said, gently placing a hand on his shoulder, “that’s not what this is about. We wanted to talk to you to see if you were okay and to let you know that we’re here for you. This is a shit situation, and we aren’t here to say ‘I told you so’. We know how much Tony means to you and we’re bummed that things took such a crazy turn.”
Steve instantly recognized the voice as Peter. He looked up, concerned with the clear worry in teen’s voice. “Hey Peter, what’s up?”
Tony scoffed and turned towards the coffee maker. He didn’t understand why everyone was wasting time on such unimportant details. The longer it took to sort this shit out, the longer it would take for Tony to be reunited with Mr. Hot New Guy. He wanted to explain just as much, when he heard Fury make some comment about lazy teachers in the lounge. “Listen Sauron, we’ll work harder when you start providing us with real coffee instead of whatever this weak bullshit is,” Tony retorted, promptly checking out of the conversation that followed, since it seemingly had nothing to do with him.
The apology came spilling off his tongue and with so little thought that it took him a moment to realize that Steve had pulled him back into the best kiss he’d ever had. Steve had his hands planted on either side of Tony’s face, and Tony would be lying if he said this wasn’t the hottest thing he’d ever experienced. Steve licked his bottom lip and a low moan escaped Tony’s mouth. He effortlessly moved from the couch to Steve’s lap and found that his erection was matched by the man underneath him. Steve moved his hands to rest on Tony’s hips and fuck if that didn’t make Tony harder. All he wanted to do was trail kisses down Steve’s neck and perfectly crafted stomach, before swallowing his cock. The thought alone was enough to make Tony come right then and there, until a realization hit him right in the gut. He was wasted, harder than he’d ever been, making out with Captain fucking America. At that, Tony pulled away abruptly, only to be greeted with the most beautiful sight he’d ever seen. Steve was sitting under him, panting with swollen lips and pupils blown with lust.
Tony choked on air at that question. Once he was able to stop coughing, he looked at his friend, stunned.
“You always tried so hard to figure out what you were feeling. Please just do us both a favor and be honest with me.”
“Glad we’re on the same page then. If you’ll come with me, I’ll give you a tour of the school and introduce you to the teacher you’ll be working with.”
“Come on sweetie, let’s get you changed for bed,” Steve offered, sweetly. Cora smiled wide at that, forgetting about the mean man who’d hurt her feelings only moments ago.
“Well, he thought it’d be a great idea to have a list of questions ready to ask your boyfriend,” she said, not even trying to hide the disapproving glare she was giving Bucky.
Steve wanted to feel mortified watching Nat pull out her phone to take pictures of his work as she looked over Bruce’s shoulder. But if he was being honest, it was nice sharing this kind of stuff with his friends, even if they did give him shit about it from time to time.
Steve spent half of the walk to lunch in silence with his hands crammed in his pockets. Though he and Tony had gotten to know each other over the past couple of months, Steve still felt nervous asking him out for lunch. It started as a good faith gesture, to show the brunet that his previous actions really had been forgiven, and somehow it transformed into a regular occurrence. There wasn’t a single day that Steve didn’t look forward to these lunches, and though all of his friends liked to think it was because Steve was crushing on Tony, it was really just because he enjoyed getting to know the alpha.
He did as he was told, and began to chow down. To his surprise, Steve took a seat and watched him eat.
The look of slight disappointment on Steve’s face was ruining Tony’s buzz. He intended on having himself a little pity party and he wasn’t going to let Steve stop him.
Two days before Tony’s holiday gathering, Steve found himself practically crawling through his apartment to get around. He’d been feeling extremely under the weather lately, but he couldn’t quite figure out why. He heard a light knock at the front door and groand, slowly making his way to answer it. Once he opened the door, he was met by gasps and worried looks.
“Barton, my friend, I suggest you relinquish that pastry back to its rightful owner, if you do not want to incur my wrath.”
“I really miss you guys,” Tony spoke, honestly. “I love you both and I can’t wait to talk to you again later tonight. Bye,” he waved, waiting until Steve ended the call.
They’d gotten better at the whole undressing thing since the New Years debacle, but there was still a bit of clumsy fumbling when Tony grabbed Steve’s sweater and undershirt at the same time and Steve ended up getting stuck.
“Oh God, Coraline, I am so sorry, honey. Shh, it’s okay sweetie,” Steve tried, as he picked Cora up to hold her in his arms. He tried his best to calm her down, but no matter what, she continued to cry. Finally giving up, Steve pulled out his phone to text Bucky
The first thing he thought of was Tony. He imagined the man on top of him , moving within him and and working his cock. Steve could see the look of lustful determination on the man’s face as he worked the blond closer and closer. Steve began to thrust upward into his hand and downward onto the vibrator in time with the man in his fantasy. Suddenly, he imagined Tony leaning down to whisper in his ear.
Tony looked at his friends, suspiciously, but eventually just shrugged and gave them a smile. “Okay, good. Now that we’re all on the same page, we need to figure out how to get me and Sexy McHot Stuff in the same room once we figure out who he is.”
Once at the door to the office, Maria knocked twice before stepping inside. “The new P.E TA is here to meet you,” she said, taking a step back and gesturing for Steve to go ahead into the office. He gave a nod in thanks before walking into the office and taking a seat at the desk.
As Bucky left for his room, Steve and Natasha cuddled up on the makeshift bed that they’d put together earlier. While his eyes were closed and he began drifting off, Steve couldn’t help but wonder what the next day would have in store for him and his new confusing but amazing family.
“Oh, I don’t have too much going on today. Just have to get through the approvals for the McDowell project, why?” Tony asked, knowing exactly what Steve came here looking for.
They fell back into conversation about the team as they finished dinner and drove back to the hotel, then got ready for bed. As they slid under the covers, careful to leave enough space between them, Steve cleared his throat.
“I swear to God, Clint, if it weren’t for the fact that Nat would kill me, I’d throw you out the window right here and now,” Bucky grit out with clenched teeth.
Steve looked at the man beside him, in slight shock. Tony never struck him as the kind of guy who cared enough about how his actions affected others to throw a party just to apologize for them.
Steve looked at Tony, confused. The brunet rolled his eyes, then gave Steve a lopsided smile as he pulled up a stool for him. “Take a seat and watch while I work on building and programming this,” Tony said, pointing to what he was holding, “and then we can get some scraps together to build the actual bot.”
Tiberius walked into the room, looking as if he’d just come from a board meeting, dressed immaculately in a suit. “Tony, to what do I owe the honor of having two meetings with you in one week?”
Steve took a seat and watched as Tony pointed out different items and what they did. He’d shown the blond a raspberry pi (which indeed was not a dessert at all) that was used as the ‘brains’ of the bot, an arduino microcontroller and several other small components. After learning about what everything did, Steve decided to build around a raspberry pi with a camera that used visual input to help control the bot.
“TONY!” Steve shouted, cutting Tony off. “This apartment is fine. Everything is fine. You don’t need to throw money at me and you don’t need to pretend to be more invested than you are.”
“I get why Steve wants this baby, but not you. I don’t see what you’re getting out of this. Is this just some way for you to make sure you’re tied to Steve forever?”
“Shut up,” Tony spoke silently, turning back to his work. He knew all too well what Howard was trying to do, and he wasn’t going to let it happen.
Tony let out a humorless laugh. “I didn’t. I just looked up some stuff online. When I started dating you I wanted to get clean and it was hard at first, but we weren’t serious enough for me to put that on you, so I didn’t.”
The weekend had come and gone in a flash. With all that Tony had done trying to deal with Tiberius, by the time he had a chance to come up for air, he’d realized it was almost midnight on Sunday evening.
“You’re doing absolutely fine, honey. There’s no right or wrong way to do this. Even if there were, you’re still doing it the right way. I love you.”
“Well, no one but me has seen you in the last three weeks and they’re all starting to wonder what’s up with you.”
Both Steve and Tony laughed as Cora continued, in great detail, to describe their family trip to the local farm and petting zoo. After ten solid minutes of her bantering, Steve finally had to interrupt.
through. Yeah, he was horny and naked and his boyfriend was too, but he wasn’t sure how keen he was on laying said naked bodies on the sticky aquarium floor.
“Wonderful,” Tony sang, as he clapped his hands together. “Then without further ado, let’s go see some fishies!”
“Everything’s alright, we just really miss you. Honestly, Cora is going absolutely insane over here,” Steve said, around a tired laugh.
And just like that, they were back on track, talking about work and enjoying the easy conversation. After dinner, they sat in the sitting room and watched some deep sea documentary on Discovery. Before they knew it, it was time to turn in for the night. While Tony excused himself to get dressed for bed, Steve found himself removing the pillows and cushions off of the pullout couch, maneuvering it into a bed. He took a step back, examining his work, internally cringing at how uncomfortable the bed looked.
Tony threw his head back and cackled. “I am willing to bet that never before has a person with a child referred to themselves as a sex noob.”
“Well, if we both follow that advice I think we’ll be just fine,” Peter said with a smug grin as he slid back into his seat.
“So perfect,” Tony said, reaching for Steve’s hand to entangle their fingers. “You are so perfect, taking my cock like you were born for it.” Steve let out a long whine at that. Tony knew the effect his words had on the blond, and he had no intention of holding back.
There wasn't a day that went by without Tony rejecting, challenging or downright mocking Steve's design ideas. It seemed to be all in good fun at first but as time went on, Steve grew tired of always having to fight Tony on literally everything. He tried more than once to bring this behavior to the attention of his supervisor, Coulson, but he would always brush it off saying "you two are big boys, you can figure this out on your own".
Tony began to thrust faster and deeper the more Steve spoke. His movements became more haphazard as he got closer to his climax. Steve raked his nails down Tony’s chest, letting out a strangled
Tony was past the point of playing this game, especially with Steve. “Cut the bullshit,” he growled. “You show up out of nowhere, Mr. tall, blond and handsome, and practically charm your way into every part of my life. You become my assistant coach and all of a sudden this super advanced bot shows up. We lose to said super advanced bot and I get a text from Ty that he stole my tech. You're a common factor here, Steve. It doesn't take a genius to figure this out.”
Tony grabbed two handfuls of Steve’s ass, pulling his cheeks apart as he quickly drove his cock into the omega, once, twice, before he let out a strangled groan. He came for what seemed like five solid minutes, driving himself in deeper and deeper as his knot started to swell. Right before he’d grown to full size, Tony pulled Steve down, biting the bonding gland just below his ear. Steve shouted his release as he felt Tony’s tongue lave over his bite mark.
“I’m a man who is great at strategy. I try my best to look at every option, to plan for any outcome, and yet somehow I didn’t plan for this...for you.” Steve said, finally looking at Tony. “I thought that maybe with enough time, I’d be able to perfectly plan out whatever it is we have, but then life happened and unexpected wrenches were thrown into the mix and— things that I can’t figure out are terrifying to me, and what we have has been the biggest puzzle I’ve ever encountered in my entire life.”
Tony found himself snuggled up in his bed as the afternoon sun seeped in through his window. It was Sunday, and that meant he had the day to himself. It’s not that Steve was busy, but they’d decided that it’d be good to have one day during the week where they could just relax and enjoy time by themselves. While they adored each other, they didn’t want to become co-dependent. Tony had planned a day of literally laying around watching whatever the TV had to offer, but as he was about to start the sixth episode in his Law and Order: SVU marathon, his phone vibrated. He searched his bed, slightly annoyed that anyone would bother him on his one day to relax, but upon seeing it was Steve, his mood brightened immediately.
Tony knew that was as close to an invitation to come over as he was going to get from the blonde, and though he knew she couldn’t see it, he rolled his eyes anyway.
“I may not have been the best at expressing it, but I loved you with everything I had. I get that you don’t want someone throwing money and gifts at you, but honestly I don’t give a shit. I tried, the only way that I knew how, to love you the best that I could and you constantly keep punishing me for it.”
Tony knew better than to fight back. They’d had this argument far too many times. Even though he knew better, that didn’t stop him from defending Steve. “Steve isn’t some ‘experiment’. He is my boyfriend and I
“Oh, it’s okay. I mean...losing my mom was the farthest thing from okay, but she was a great woman, led a great life, and I’m just grateful I got to spend any time with her at all let alone 17 years.”
Tony walked out of the office, leaving Steve all alone. He chewed his bottom lip wondering if he’d done the right thing, but Steve knew if he had any hope of getting over this, he needed to let Tony go. He looked down at Sprocket, now having another item to add to the list of things that evoked that feeling of sad happiness. He placed the bot on his desk and sighed, walking out of the office to get the gym ready for the day.
I?” Tony finally rolled over to look at Pepper. His eyes were sunken in and red rimmed. “I still love him. I’m so fucking in love with him. When we first broke up I thought ‘Okay, time to go out and get drunk and fuck around.’ But then, it was like… no. I couldn’t do that. I have to be good. I have to be good and maybe Steve will want me back.”
“That bed looks like shit,” Tony said, crossing his arms as he leaned against the doorframe of the bedroom. Steve turned to raise a brow at him, frowning as if to say
Things were relatively quiet until Steve paired “What gives me uncontrollable gas” and “Auschwitz”, which caused Bucky to have a meltdown of laughter, and ended the game because Steve had to go sooth Coraline in the next room.
“Alright. Get ready to ride in 3-2-1!” Tony took off across the floor as fast as he could, bucking up every once in a while, and neighing like a wild horse.
Steve busied himself getting ready, and by the time he stepped out of his room, showered and fully dressed, he heard his friend knocking at the door. Steve took a deep breath to collect himself, before letting Bucky in.
It had been a long time since Steve had gotten a chance to have an afternoon just him and the boys. With Sam working at the VA and Bucky splitting time between wedding planning, work at the garage, and physical therapy for his new arm it was hard to find the time to do anything other than just sitting on each other's couches. So Steve was all too happy to accept Sam’s invitation to go axe throwing, because he really did miss them. Truth be told, he also needed a distraction from a certain blue eyed brunet who was currently occupying Steve’s every waking thought.
As he mulled around his apartment, trying to deal with what he now knew was morning sickness, as well as the stress induced headache that was forming, Steve heard a loud knock at the door. He jumped initially, but walked to the door, almost certain that he knew who was on the other side of it.
The genuine excitement exuding from Tony was enough to make Steve’s heart stop. Though Steve had made an effort to share this park with his past relationships, the carousel was something that he had never even thought to do with any of them. That was an experience that he held dear; something he’d only shared with his mother. And yet, standing there, looking at the hope on Tony’s face, he knew he couldn’t deny him this.
It had been a little over a week since Steve had last seen Tony, and though he missed him immensely, life without him was getting a little easier. At least until Steve went for his Sunday morning run and his feet subconsciously took him to the Brooklyn Bridge Park. When he realized where he was, Steve’s heart sank. Here was a place that always brought a sad sort of happiness to his life, thinking of his time here with his mom, and now, he felt that same sad happiness thinking about his one day here with Tony. As he ran by the carousel, Steve strained his ears trying to hear what song was playing. He heard a few notes from
Though it seemed like Steve was put out by the barrage of questions, he was genuinely grateful for friends that wanted nothing more than to look out not only for him but Cora too.
“Oh no sir, nuh uh. I only found out about this place two days ago. You were the one who suggested we come here, so what would
Tony chewed the inside of his bottom lip as he thought over how best to answer Carol’s question. Truth be told, he wasn’t even really sure what to think of everything that was going through his mind.
Tony smiled down at his hand before taking it. “Oh, I know,” was all he said before turning to lead the way. Steve followed him into the elevator and stood quietly as Tony reached for the garage button.
“Guys, listen, I don’t want or need any of you to stay here to take care of me. Contrary to popular belief, I’m a big boy who can take care of himself,” Steve responded, suddenly feeling the need to sit down.
As he cranked up the ACDC, and pulled up all the files he needed to get started, he heard someone banging on his door. He found it odd considering people usually just came in whether he wanted them to or not, but walked over to let the visitor in. To his surprise, Tony found Steve standing on the other side of the door.
his shirt, which was hiked up in the back. “Nice to see you, too. Uh, Peggy.” Tony glanced at his phone. Had they really been making out for two hours? It had felt like minutes. “I think I should leave.”
“Oh honey, I was just having too much fun taking you apart with my fingers, and by the looks of it—”, Tony said, plunging his fingers in deeper until he brushed over Steve’s prostate, causing the blond to arch off the blanket and thrust simultaneously, “seems like I'm doing an A+ job.”
Once the volume was lowered, Steve looked towards the ceiling in astonishment. “Is Jarvis...do you have an invisible butler?”
it was going to be the last time, so he couldn’t enjoy it to it’s fullest. Now, he knew. He reminded himself to remember.
"Well, you sweetened this with honey for me, so now I know you're really desperate for me to agree to whatever you have to say. What do you want?"
Tony took in the man before him. He was short, shorter than the brunet anyway, with golden blond hair and the most striking blue eyes.
“Get some rest, babe. I’ll call you later tonight. I love you,” Steve said, sadness evident in his voice.
In the beginning, it felt as though he was mourning the alpha’s death. Once he had slammed the door behind Tony, he felt his entire world shatter. He had reached out to Natasha for comfort, mainly because he knew he couldn’t handle being alone, and once she arrived, he cried for what felt like days. Steve actually ended up taking off some time from work to wrap his mind around what had happened, and to begin to build himself back up, because as much as this hurt, and God did it
“I just...this isn’t me, ok? I’m not the kind of guy who just...has crushes on people. Especially people who have only been able to stand me for two months, after knowing me for three years. I’m a lone alpha, I don’t do the whole romance thing.”
“Well, yeah it’ll be okay. There’s probably some kind of pullout couch or something. We can figure it out, no need to worry,” Steve said, smiling to reinforce the fact that he really didn’t mind.
Tony stood in the kitchen, mouth agape as Steve walked away. All he wanted was coffee and maybe even some toast. How the hell did his simple plan to obtain sustenance turn into this?
“I’m still here Tony, I haven’t gone anywhere. I’m always going to be here to help you whenever you need it. You don’t have to drown your sorrows alone in a bar every night.”
“If Pepper’s anything like Natasha, it’s best if you don’t think too hard on anything she does and just be greatful if it benefits you.”
Sometimes, Tony liked to wear oversized sweaters; it had been a thing since he was a kid, for reasons he rarely liked to dwell on. These sweaters usually made an appearance when Tony was grasping for a sense of stability and grounding. Most importantly though, these sweaters only made an appearance when Tony was alone. He may have been the king of giving zero fucks what others thought of him, but he was also self aware enough to know that a grown ass man sporting a somewhat massively oversized sweater wasn't a good look. It's because of this that Tony had banished one of his favorite sweaters to his favorite winter home where no one would find it.
“Well, how bout I fix you a drink and if that doesn’t help then I‘ll get to working on that pillow.”
Steve tried to calm himself, to brace for what was to come, when he felt someone grab his left hand to intertwine their fingers. The hand felt familiar, it felt safe, but mostly, it felt like home. It didn’t take long for Steve to realize that the hand in question belonged to Tony. There was so much that he wanted to say to the alpha, his mind was racing with questions, but all he could do way lay there, listening to the world around him.
“Alright, well I think we’re gonna head out,” Natasha said, grabbing her coat and heading towards the door. “Let us know if you all need anything, alright?”
Steve gestured in a sweeping motion down his torso before answering, “I’m not the Captain for nothing.”
Steve shook his head. “No. I’m not going to break up with you. You asked what Peggy meant and I figured I should tell you the whole story.”
“Yeah it’s...it’s a lot bigger when it’s just me here all by myself,” Tony answered, now feeling like he’d exposed too much of himself than he’d originally intended.
Steve looked shocked for a moment but closed his eyes and took a deep breath to center himself. “Can I be completely honest?” He asked
Steve felt his face grow warmer as he realized he’d verbalized what he had intended to be his own private thoughts.
"Well...would you at least like to try some of the fruit salad that I made?" The blond asked, gesturing toward the very large bowl of mixed fruits.
“Alright, well now that that’s settled,” Tony began, “who’s going to tell Clint that we’re not naming our kid after him?”
“This is a joke, this has to be a joke. A year ago, you couldn’t even stand the guy. Now you’re standing here telling me you’re carrying his child. Honestly, Steve, what would your mom think if she saw you like this?”
Pepper stood and walked to the door to see herself out, stopping to turn and share one last thought.
Natasha just sat there, giving Steve a knowing smile, to which he groaned and threw his arm over his eyes again.
“Hey kid, why don't you take my keys and warm up the car, I've gotta get something I left in my classroom. I’ll be right back,” Tony assured, handing over the remote for the car.
That answer seemed to please her, as she rolled over, popped her thumb in her mouth, and fell asleep.
Steve grabbed the Gatorade, chugging almost half of it before he began scarfing down food. “How are you not hungover right now?” he asked around a mouthful of bacon.
“Hey, noodle, how are you?” Peggy asked, softly. Cora perked up immediately at the sound of her voice, and smiled wide once she looked at the computer screen.
Steve hadn’t been on a date in, oh, two-ish years? He and Peggy… they weren’t meant to end up together. They’d broken up before they’d found out she was pregnant and decided getting back together for the sake of the child would just complicate things more than it would fix them.
is what I meant when I said you were exhausting,” Rhodey quipped. “Anyway, Steve seems like a well rounded guy with his head on straight. More than that, though, he seems interested in who you are, not what you have. Also, I’m not sure if you’ve realized this but I’m fairly certain today was the first day he’s really noticed the arc reactor...and I think that was only because I drew attention to it.”
It took a moment for Steve to finally look up at Bucky but once he did, he was met by an expectant look from the man.
"No, babe, I'm gonna bring this up. Steve seems to think the sun shines out of this kid’s ass and that he's absolutely perfect, but that's not the case at all. Don't you guys think it's a problem that I googled our good friend Tony and couldn't find a single thing about him?"
“Ok, so maybe I wouldn’t sue you then. But how do you know for certain that I was actually doing any of the stuff you’re alleging that I did.”
Steve moved to pick Cora up from the floor, and nuzzled her forehead as she wrapped her arms around his neck. “You ready for bed, nugget?” he asked, brushing some hair out of her face.
“No. I want to be miserable forever,” Steve said, finally sitting up, and frowning in Bucky’s direction.
gorgeous in anything other than the shirt he'd put on for that night. It was a long sleeve black satin shirt with a pussybow tie at the neck, and it was the only garment Steve owned that made him feel every bit the beautiful omega Tony always made him out to be.
Tony swatted at his nose, looking everywhere in the room, stalling as long as he possibly could. “New curtains?”
and smiled. All Steve wanted to do was kick back and mindlessly watch one of his favorite movies, but a knock on the door threw a wrench in his plan. He let the intro credits continue rolling, as he moved to answer the door. Once he opened it, Steve found a very tall, beautiful redheaded woman standing there in heels and a gray dress suit.
“Listen, Peter, I’m sorry you all saw that,” Steve began. “Mr. Stark and I definitely were not arguing because of the meet. You all did your absolute best; we know that and we are so proud of each and every one of you. Mr. Stark and I will sort things out, so you and the rest of the team don’t have anything to worry about.”
Steve considered the bot. It had a square monitor for a head, with little antenna sticking out at the top. It’s two uneven arms sat at the sides of it’s rectangular body, hovering over two wheels. Steve smiled down at his creation, thinking of the perfect name. “I think I’ll name it Sprocket.”
“I’ve not thrown away all of my money there, so nothing to worry about! Good talk!” Tony answered, clapping Rhodey on the back before moving around him to leave the shop.
“Are you sure he didn’t plan for this to happen? That he didn’t take advantage of the situation just to rope you into this?” Pepper asked, not even attempting to hide her suspicions.
Tony thought. In the interest of not being a total creep, he just smiled back. “I didn’t get your name.”  he stated, taking a sip of his own drink.
“I uh...well that’s actually a bit of a long story, but I had no idea that you were working in New York. When did that happen?”
“Oh ha ha, Buck. My stomach may look like a huge pumpkin, but I could still kick your ass in the gym, so don’t you forget it!”
“It did indeed,” Tony began, turning his attention back to his steak, “but in non-bisexual news, did you hear that the staff meeting got moved to Thursday?”
The somewhat playful smile Steve had on his face fell immediately, as he started to put the pieces together.
“Well, pardon my French, but anyone who disagrees can fuck off… ‘cause they’re wrong,” Steve offered, moving to lay down on the couch with Tony’s head resting on his chest.
Steve couldn’t help but give her another suspicious look before they exited the car. They walked over to some shop called
When they got to the apartment, Tony looked for a place to park. Steve assured him it would be okay to just drop him off at the front of the building. The moment Tony put the car in park, Steve took off his seatbelt.
“Jarvis can start a fire? I’ve been building them myself since I got here,” Steve said around a disbelieving laugh. Tony just shook his head and chuckled as he laid the pillow down and dropped to his knees.
“How is it,” Tony began, laying down his fork in an attempt to get the omega’s attention, “that you are this cute all the time? Is this new or was I just completely blind for the first three years we worked together?”
After a few minutes of looking over the room service menu, and fifteen minutes of waiting, their food arrived. They set everything up on the table in their small kitchen, digging in without a word. Halfway through his steak, Tony pointed his fork in Steve’s direction. “So, is this the first time you’ve been whisked away by a devilishly handsome man for a weekend getaway?” Tony asked, lightheartedly.
"Don't forget to mention that you like to party. A lot," Bucky offered, cutting in. Steve and Natasha easily could have set him on fire with the looks they were giving him.
As they pulled up to the mansion, Tony became even more tense as he saw the person waiting at the front door. Once Happy brought the car to a stop, he turned to the back seat.
“Alright, well I guess I should be heading out now then. Get some rest you two, and I’ll see you both tomorrow.”
“Reservation under ‘Stark’,” Tony said when they got to the front desk at the bed and breakfast. It had taken four hours to get from Rockefeller Center to the Arlington West Mountain Inn thanks to a fucking snowstorm and truck that tipped off the side of the road. Why had he thought Vermont would be so romantic?
“Well, you got me this grand gift, and all I have for you is this sketch I made of you while you were working on one of your engineering projects.” Steve reached for his sketch pad and carefully removed the sketch in question. Once he saw it, Tony couldn’t believe his eyes. The amount of care that was given to every single detail was absolutely amazing.
anything.” Tony began, looking slightly offended. “I literally just invited you here to tell you that your scheme epically backfired. Also to let you know that if you don’t want me to let your board and the media know about how you took advantage of an uncle who was just trying to help out his very sick niece, you’ll go back under the troll bridge you crawled out of and leave me the fuck alone for the forseeable future. Otherwise, you’ve served your purpose here, I don’t need or want anything else from you at this point.” Tony finished, throwing Ty’s words back at him.
“I did some redecorating after she passed, so sue me,” Howard responded, callously, “we don’t need to waste time talking about that nonsense. We have bigger issues to discuss.”
“Huh? We’re where… what?” Steve asked, confused as he fully awoke. Once he took one look at their surroundings he knew exactly where they were.
It's because Steve was so wrapped up in the importance of his work that he managed to let an hour slip by. When he looked up next, there was already nearly two inches of snow on the ground. “Fuck,” Steve whispered under his breath, checking his phone to see that the subway had suspended services, and no Ubers were available, all due to inclement weather. Steve felt an impending anxiety attack coming on, as he realized that he was seemingly the last person left at the co-working space, with no way home, when he heard someone clear their throat.
Tony's mouth fell open as he moaned through his release. Steve mindlessly wiped his hand on the pants he wore as their breathing began to settle.
“Well I just…” Steve started, not quite sure how to go about saying what he wanted to say, “I just don’t want things to be awkward between us now.”
“Don’t be stupid, Steve, you’re just as much a part of our group as Tony is. We need the help and we want you there,” Clint said, confidently meeting Steve’s eyes now.
“I would literally never talk to mom like that. She warrants some amount of kindness from me,” Tony interrupted.
“Well, I think you should let me handle Kyle. I know we want to help with his niece any way we can and to just let him know that he isn’t in trouble and we understand why he did what he did.” Pepper offered. “I’ll let you deal with nipping Ty in the bud. Make sure to let him know I say hi and that he can kindly fuck off.”
“Look, I have a lot of feelings about what’s going on with you, some of which you aren’t going to like or want to hear. But you need to know that you’re not alone in this. You’ve got me, you’ve got Natasha, and you’ve got Sam. I know it’s not really the same in this kind of situation, but we’re all here to help you whenever you need it.”
Steve and Tony sat in the back of their Uber, traveling in silence. Steve watched as Tony looked out the window, staring at nothing in particular, yet pointedly refusing to pay any bit of attention to the man beside him. Steve sighed at that and turned his attention out his own window, thinking back on the events only fifteen minutes prior.
“I just want to make sure everything’s okay before I head out,” Tony said, as he chased after Steve on their way to the apartment building.
“Thank you for your concern Steve, but I’m sorry to say that Tony and I are no longer in a relationship.”
“Great! This’ll save me a trip having to refill my cup when I’m done. Thanks,” Tony said smiling brightly at the red head. She just rolled her eyes and smiled, handing over the cup.
Tony had started this day thinking the only headache he’d have was in dealing with Tiberius’ shit, but now he had the added task of figuring out how to fix what he’d fucked up with Steve. Tony sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose as he thought. If he was going to tackle this mess, he’d need coffee first. As he stood to leave for his workshop, asking JARVIS  to get a pot of coffee brewing, Tony gave a small laugh at a passing thought.
“I’m just surprised it took you this long to see it. I would have let you go; all you had to do was ask. You could have told me that I wasn’t what you wanted anymore. You deserve to be happy, even if it’s with someone else. But three months Pepper? You went behind my back for three months…”
Once Natasha left, Tony sat with his head in his hands for several minutes. He didn’t have it in him to look through the information that Nat’s friends had found, but he knew better than to just sit on this for too long.
“No need to thank me,” Tony said, waving off Steve’s words as he stood to make himself a cup of coffee. “I'm always up for a detour to save my favorite damsel in distress on my way to get lunch,” he said, holding up his mug to emphasize that that was ‘lunch’.
“Bed, Tony,” Steve whispered. Without a word, Tony rolled off of Steve and moved to the bed, shedding his shirt on the way. It wasn’t long before Steve was on top of Tony, his shirt gone, and for the first time they were both completely naked at the same time.
He knocked, lightly, then stepped inside, not waiting for a response. Pepper looked up, slightly annoyed, but greeted him anyway.
Bucky rolled his eyes but quickly moved to the floor. Tony watched in amazement as Bucky moved like lightning. In what seemed like seconds, Cora was changed, and giggling like nothing ever happened.
“Ah, yeah, that.” Tony said, nodding his head solemnly. “Well, we needed proof that you actually paid Kyle, like you said you would, so I asked JARVIS to pull that up once he’d had access to all of your systems and information.”
“Oh, well there’s an opening for a new P.E. teacher at the school where I work. If you’d like, I can get some of the info over to you and put in a good word,” Natasha offered.
Tony barked out a laugh. “Oh, honey, there’s no way that part of the plan would come into play on the first night of the trip,” he said, rolling his eyes with a smile as he turned to walk back into the bedroom.
, whose name is Steve. What is it with  you and Rhodey thinking I’m out on the town looking for a new love interest practically five minutes after being dumped?”
“Might I ask why the host of such a raging Halloween party is up here instead of hanging among the masses?”
“Alright, so you wait here,” Steve began, moving Tony to the couch in his living room, “and I’ll go get all of Mason’s new things.”
“It’s fine, really. It gives me time to relax and work on things I’m generally too busy to do during the rest of the year. What about you, what are you up to?”
“As horrible as it sounds, I just didn’t care with all the other guys. I mean, I wasn’t much concerned with what was going on in their lives outside of what we were doing. But with Steve, I… I want to know what makes him tick. I want to know his favorite color and what he was afraid of as a kid. I want to know what his pet peeves are and what his favorite ice cream flavor is. And don’t even get me started on Coraline, I just… I want to know everything about them. What’s with the weird smile?” Tony asked, slightly startled by the look on Bruce’s face.
Steve sat in the teacher’s lounge, relaxing as much as he could in the old arm chair by the window. He munched on a few carrot sticks as he looked down at the notebook on his lap.
Tony had been laying it on extra thick lately too: making sure to wear the most flattering, ass hugging jeans he had; sitting as close as humanly possible during study sessions; “accidentally” brushing up against Steve from time to time, and still, nothing. Had it not been for the fact that every so often, Tony would hear Steve’s breath hitch when they came in contact, or that he’d go red and instantly start clearing his throat at the onset of any flirting, Tony would have given up ages ago.
“No, I just...ugh, okay let me start over. I’ve been working more and sleeping less lately. With the new position and the news about the baby, I’m just trying to make sure that I’m doing my best for the team and trying to prepare for what’s ahead of us. I’m overworked and exhausted, but I know that these things need to be done so the only sacrifice I can make is in my sleep. I got word from Coulson yesterday that one of my deadlines got pushed forward, and in an effort to minimize the amount of time I would have to spend on this later, I worked until 5 am this morning. I was only supposed to sleep for two hours and somehow I didn’t wake up until 10. I am so sorry that I missed your appointment, it was a total accident, you have to believe that.”
Tony smiled at that, pulling  Steve in for a kiss. “If getting to know each other includes any more of what we just did, I'm fairly certain we'll be getting to know each other
“Ugh, you guys are the fucking worst,” Tony said, walking away from the table to order a drink at the bar. As he stood there waiting for his soda water with lime, Tony saw someone come up beside him out of the corner of his eye.
“Ah, well we don’t...yet. Not officially anyway. I just work pretty closely with a non-profit that supplies prosthetics to those who qualify and Barnes was the first person to receive the new model of arms we’re producing, so I’m always bugging him about it.” He didn’t know why, but the conversation at hand had Tony feeling somewhat self-conscious. Rather than reflect on why that might be, he chose to do what he always did: deflect.
Steve found himself with nothing to do one Saturday afternoon. Sam and Clint were both resting up for their later shifts, while Bucky and Natasha were away for a weekend trip. Steve wracked his brain for what he could do, and settled on visiting an art museum.
“So, I also came by because I wanted to make sure you brought Sprocket in with you today.” Steve said, looking hopeful.
At that, Steve heard the sound of the door clicking softly, unlocking for him. He took a deep breath before stepping inside to find an absolutely beautiful lobby. For a moment, Steve itched to be able to draw the lobby, a feeling he knew he’d become familiar with during his time at the tower. He walked up to the security desk, seeing a man with a name tag that read ‘H.Hogan’.
As Steve began to clean up his supplies, he felt a tugging at the bottom of his shirt. He turned slowly to see Cora offering him a piece of paper.
“Alright, well it was great to meet you, Steve,” Fury said, extending his hand one last time. “You should be hearing from us within the next two weeks about the position. And don’t worry, I’ll put in a good word.”
The next day, Tony stopped by the school to grab some items to grade over the weekend. While in his classroom, Natasha stopped by.
Steve moved to walk behind her, thinking that he hadn’t been this nervous to meet with a principal since he was in high school himself.
“After that, I ended up apologizing for saying anything. When I tell you the whole thing was awkward, I mean it was the textbook definition of the word. So I went home and just closed myself off in the workshop to keep from having to think too much about the whole thing, but when I went to sleep last night, my mind went wild. I mean...I haven’t had a dream like that in years and I just...really don’t know what to do about it.”
The second their match was over, and Midtown High was deemed to be the opposing team for DeWitt in the final, Steve turned to smile wide at Tony. It was then, when Tony slipped up and let his mind have a second’s rest, that question finally snuck out.
“A lot of good that's done us. My presentation is complete but now I can't get home,” Steve sighed looking out the window again.
His friends seemed to find that acceptable enough, and continued on with a different conversation. Everyone fell silent, though as they pulled up to Tony’s mansion.
“Both actually,” Steve said, putting down his sandwich, knowing he was in for a bit of an explanation. “I’ve had past relationships where the people I dated treated me to small trips here and there. But being that I’m bi, I’ve dated women and men, so…”
Steve looked at the brunet, disapproval written on his face. “Tony, coffee isn't food, we’ve been through this before.”
Steve’s stomach dropped at the mortification he suddenly felt. He combed his mind trying to remember any conversation that would have revealed Tony’s sobriety when he had a realization. “But...the first time I met you was in a bar.”
It was moments like this, when Steve seemed to be sweeter than normal, thinking about the alpha and their baby first, that gave Tony a fierce sense of protectiveness. When he first felt this, he tried running from it, but over time as he saw Steve's belly grow larger, signifying that their baby was growing as well, all he wanted was to give them both the world.
“Wouldn’t hear you what?” Tony practically whispered, feeling himself grow hard at the thought of what Steve had been up to.
to. Us holiday orphans have to stick together, I just figured it’d be something to get you out of the house. You don’t have to come if you’re busy or if you don’t want to, really it’s fine.”
Steve felt himself sag in defeat, too tired to put up a fight. Natasha wrapped her arms around his shoulders in a hug then kissed Bucky on the forehead as she left. Once they were alone, the two men sat on the couch in silence for a few minutes before Steve finally caved and looked at his friend.
Darcy smiled, knowingly. It was no secret that Steve and Tony didn't get along. Most people attributed it to their genders; Steve being an omega, while Tony was an alpha.
Steve woke up bright and early the next morning, to get a head start on his visit. It’d be an hour long drive to the assisted living home where his mom was staying, and he wanted to make sure he’d be able to spend as much time with her as possible. These visits had become so dear to Steve, since they were finally able to get her on a course of treatments that truly seemed to help.
“Tony…is it really that serious? You guys just rubbed each other the wrong way which, honestly, shouldn’t surprise anyone.”
The both of them laughed together for the first time in too long. Tony looked at Pepper, the way her nose crinkled and her eyes lit up while she laughed and a sense of calm understanding washed over him. He loved Pepper with everything he had, but deep down, he knew that this was how they were meant to be. Best friends, and nothing more. Realizing this now, though, brought nothing but happiness to Tony. He had spent so much of his time after their breakup mourning what was lost to truly focus on what he still had, until this moment. He became overwhelmed with the thought, and just threw his arms around the redhead, taking her by surprise. She let out an audible ‘oof’ as he wrapped her in a hug.
speak about Coraline that way,” Tony seethed, now jumping out of his chair to stand right in front of his father. “You can say whatever you want about me, but you do not get to talk about Steve or Cora like that.”
“Yes, really. I want today to be perfect for you, so that means you can’t know where I’m taking you right now. Got it, mister?” Tony answered, pretending to be stern as he guided Steve into the car.
, about getting your hands on my AI code, you asshole. Don’t pretend that you have no clue what we’re here for.”
“I’m implying that maybe this guy has some motives other than just being your friend. I just want to make sure that you’re not getting yourself into something you don’t really want to be a part of.”
“I don’t know, man! I’ve been with guys kind of like him before; guys who are smart, funny, charming, and just absolutely gorgeous. But this time it’s just… different,” Tony said, taking a bite of the extra pickle on Bruce’s tray.
Sam and Bucky exchanged a look as Steve stood to go to the living room. They followed behind and, as requested, dropped the subject of Tony entirely. As they geared up for a day of hangover recovery and ‘80s action movies, Steve promised himself that this was it. He’d allow himself to feel sad for the rest of the day, but after that he would be done with Tony Stark for good. It would be easier said than done, but it was a promise he intended to keep.
“I’m tired of playing house with you. Day in and day out, I’ve been pretending like this was all a life that was ever meant for me and it wasn’t! I wasn’t lying when I told you that you wouldn’t have to raise this baby alone, but the rest of it, all this domestic shit, pretending as though we’re some kind of old married couple who’d planned for all of this...I can’t. You deserve to bond with someone who can love you, and take care of you far better than I ever could.”
“Fine… I’ll give you the money, but I need it documented in writing that you will not under any circumstances sell Stark Industries once it is yours. Also, you will be moving out of the mansion. All of your things will be here and, if and when you visit, you will be treated as a guest.”
Tony pushed in, going as slowly as he could. Steve tried to hide the discomfort in his face but Tony knew. He leaned forward and placed light, butterfly kisses across Steve’s face. “I love you so much, Steve. So, so much.”
“Eighteen yolos,” Tony smirked. The woman rolled her eyes and handed his ID back to him, along with a room key.
“Yes, I’m sure! I’m not some dainty little thing that needs to be constantly fussed over. I am perfectly capable of managing without you guys,” Steve snapped.
Tony turned to face Steve and gave a small smile. “I don’t know what any of that was about, but here, figured you’d want this back.” he said, handing over the notebook.
Once he made it to the bathroom, Steve picked the closest stall to him, slammed the door shut and threw his head into the toilet bowl. He lurched as what little he had in his stomach forced it’s way back up. After several moments of heaving, Steve finally felt that he would be ok if he got up and went back to his desk. He quickly washed his face, noting how red his eyes were and how tired he looked, before leaving.
“If it’s ok, I’d like to hold her, and maybe rock with her while she sleeps,” Steve stated, gently rubbing a hand over the brown peach fuzz that covered her head.
“The year that my dad died was kind of tough on us, but despite everything Ma refused to let anything keep her down. She always loved this time of year, but something about what we’d been through made that holiday season even more special. The second they set up the ice skating rink in our hometown, she promised to take me every weekend, and she did. From November until the very end of January, she took me out and taught me how to skate. I was horrible at it at first, but every time I fell we’d just laugh and keep at it. That grew into somewhat of a tradition for the years that followed up until the time when she got sick. I… haven’t actually been skating since the year she died, but I’m glad that my first time back on the ice was with you.”
Clint simply nodded his head, pleased that the shorter man finally understood. Steve staggered back a bit and took a seat. He thought the man he was speaking with looked familiar but he couldn't quite place it. He’d been talking with
That comment earned the brunet another kick to the side, but this time he just laughed it off. For all that she’d done for him, Tony figured that putting up with her antics was the least he could do.
, but I know that you don’t love me. I know that you don’t love Ma. I know that you told her not to love me. I haven’t known Steve that long but I have never been happier with any other human being in my entire life.”
“Steve,” Tony interrupted. “I get it, you don’t have to try to explain what you were trying to say with this. Thank you and I love you.” Steve sighed in relief before giving a small smile and leaning into Tony’s touch. They sat there like that for a moment before Cora clapped her hands together.
“Steve? Who’s Steve?” Ty asked, sitting back and relaxing in his chair. Tony fixed him with an annoyed look, but Ty still didn’t give.
Coraline nodded and Steve took her in his arms, spinning her around. “Who’s my big girl? You! You! You!” He repeated, smothering her with kisses.
"Oh, yeah that was your gift that I wanted to bring to the holiday gathering but...well I obviously wasn't able to make it."
It had taken a few days to come together, but as he wrote a few more words, Steve smiled, realizing his work was finished.
The next morning, Tony was a bit nervous walking into work. Though it was a teacher work day, and he knew Steve wouldn't be there, he dreaded having to see their friends. There was no way their friends hadn't heard about the massive blow up that he and Steve had and now knowing that he was wrong made everything ten times worse.
"Alright everyone, this is Tony. Tony, this is Sam, Natasha and Bucky." Steve said, pointing at each friend, respectively. Tony moved to shake everyone's hand, but Bucky just gave a nod and crammed his hands in his pockets. Tony just brushed it off with a smile before sitting next to Steve.
“Yeah, when we were younger, I thought you were the best guy around. I think I had a crush on you for two years, easily, but I kind of squashed those feelings, knowing you weren’t interested in guys. Little did I know I just wasn’t the right one,” Bucky said around a laugh.
“Tony, you literally asked me to come by today at this exact time,” Bruce said, rolling his eyes fondly.
It dawned on Steve as Tony tried to backtrack his way out of this conversation, that the brunet thought he was declining the invitation. As Tony continued to stammer on, Steve reached out to rest his hand on top of the one on the table in front of him.
It took Tony a moment before he was able to find the arc reactor. Once he did, he tapped his finger on it.
Tony never thought that at eighteen years old he’d be overjoyed over a two year old peeing, but he felt his entire body swell with pride. Sure, she wasn’t potty trained by a mile, but it was a step. He cleaned her up, washed her hands, and carried her out to the car where Steve was waiting.
And what was he to say about the fact that he didn’t even know if Tony was remotely interested in him in the first place? He’d done his research, he’d seen and read enough to know that Tony was interested in men and women. But there was nothing in the way of evidence to indicate that Tony wanted anything more than a professional relationship with Steve. That was the thought that kept him up; the fear that wouldn’t let his mind settle, not even for a minute. There was a chance that Steve had put so much hope into something that was never there in the first place, and somehow that hurt more than any other scenario he could imagine.
"Stark...Tony, I...I am so sorry," Steve offered, face turning red. Tony just waved him off and gave a smirk.
"Why did you break up with Tony?" Peggy asked in a stern voice. Steve flinched as if he'd actually been hit by her question. Out of all the things he expected her to say, that definitely wasn't one of them.
“--but we needed someone to go as Captain Planet, and I won’t sit here and pretend that I’m not excited to see what he looks like all dressed up. He’s hot, he’s just aggravating as all hell.”
“All I’m saying is that I don’t want you to get hurt. From one alpha to another, I know how hard it can be not being bonded--”
Tony continued kissing Steve, laying him down in the process. He let his hand trail down past Steve’s balls, slowly circling his hole once he found it. Upon feeling slickness, Tony’s eyes shot up to see the blush forming on Steve’s face.
It seemed as though everyone stopped to look Steve over, and he began to feel self conscious, taking inventory of his entire costume. Instead of wearing a blue bodysuit and a green wig, Steve opted to paint himself blue and use temporary green hair spray. Most of his body was on display, thanks to the red short shorts and red crop top he wore. Steve worked hard for the body that he had, and he usually didn’t mind showing it off when the occasion called for it. But in hindsight, with all eyes on him, he really wished he’d figured out how to cover up a little better. Just as Steve started to wish he were anywhere but in that room, he heard a gasp and looked up to see Darcy dressed as Wonder Woman, with her mouth agape.
Tony polished off his meal, licking his fingers and jumped to his feet. “Sure. A walk will give me a chance to burn off that toast before we get to Bucky and Nat’s.”
Tony turned to see Coraline crying on the floor. He genuinely felt horrible about this predicament they were in, mainly because she was clearly uncomfortable.
To say the look on Steve’s face in that instant was absolutely breathtaking would have been a gross understatement. There was a furrow in his brow for a brief moment, but that gave way to what Tony could only describe as the purest expression of pleasure. He continued for a short time, working one finger in and out of Steve before adding a second.
“Well, thank you for sharing this with me. Hopefully I’ll get to try more of your favorites soon?” Steve asked, more than stated, almost refusing to meet Tony’s eyes.
Thankfully, he was able to stroll into his house around 5 am. He set five or six different alarms to make sure he was up and ready for Steve’s appointment. Tony went to sleep with more nervous excitement than he thought possible, but woke with a sinking feeling in the pit of his stomach. He read through each text message and listened to each voicemail that Steve left, noting the increasing sense of sorrow in his words, written and spoken. He knew that the omega must have been hurt by his absence, and he needed to make this right.
Tony’s ears perked up at that name. He wondered if it was possible that this doctor was the same person he was thinking of, but he figured that couldn’t be the case. Once they were called into the exam room, though, he quickly realized that the doctor was indeed the man he thought of.
“What if I make you dinner and give you wine,” Tony finally offered, knowing that would get him the answer he wanted.
“Babe, listen. You’ve been working your ass off for months, and I know you haven’t really had the chance to work on your art as much as you’d like. I knew that I wanted to buy this for you, so you had incentive to go back to what you really love to do when you have the time, so I saved up all of the money that I got for Christmas to buy this for you. I’m sorry if this is too much, and I’ll take it back if that’s what you truly want, but I just wanted to get something that would show how much I really do love you.”
“Let me guess, ‘nipples’ was up there?” Steve asked, amusement evident in his voice. Tony just sat down calmly before turning to look at him with a straight face.
Steve spent the rest of the day, astonished by how polite, easygoing, and cooperative Tony was all of a sudden. He assumed that this behavior was a direct result of his agreeing to go to the Halloween party, but Steve honestly didn't know if he should feel grateful for the change or terrified.
Tony couldn’t do anything but stare as Steve and Cora disappeared down the hallway. After the craziness that he’d been through dealing with dirty diapers and Steve’s friends, the only thought running through Tony’s mind was that he’d never been so excited for anyone to back him back for anything in his life.
Steve just shook his head and rolled his eyes, as he pushed the plate closer to Tony for him to take from it.
“Thank you. I always loved pot roast growing up so once I moved out on my own and started learning how to cook for myself I spent a good deal of time trying to find a pot roast recipe that I could call my own. This one right here, this is all me,” Tony boasted, taking a bite of his meal.
Coraline was quite possibly the most adorable person that Tony had ever seen, and getting the chance to play with her was honestly the highlight of his week. But getting to see Steve like this, taking such good care of Cora so effortlessly, was amazing.
Steve couldn't even bring himself to say bye to enable before he left. He took a deep breath once he knew he was alone.
After two weeks of failed date proposals, Tony was frustrated beyond belief. All he wanted was to go on a nice date with this guy, but the world kept getting in his way.
Steve didn’t want to admit it, but Natasha was right. He knew Tony couldn’t have been up to no good, but his imagination was starting to get the better of him. He was just going to have to suck it up and ask Tony about this.
“You should really share this with him, Steve,” Bruce suggested, sincerely. “This is the sweetest thing I’ve read in a long time, and I’m sure it’s the sweetest thing anyone’s ever had to say about Tony—”
had to give him help from the inside. Judging by the way you were buddying up with the DeWitt coach, that someone was probably you. What I
Tony found himself suddenly a little distracted as Steve walked away. He came back to himself almost immediately, once he noticed Pepper standing where Steve had once been.
Before Tony had a chance to express the same sentiment, Steve’s phone rang. Tony tried not to eavesdrop, but the second he took a look at Steve’s face, he knew something was wrong.
Steve did as he was asked, giving his mom a hug as if he hadn't seen her in years. It felt like that was the case anyway.
“Oh! I’m so, sorry!” She bounced back like a champ, continuing on to say; “Anyway, my name is May. What can I get you?”
“I just...I’m scared y’know? I’ve never done anything like this before, dated a guy I mean...or anyone, really…”
After what felt like hours, Steve finally had to come up for air. When he did, he took in the site of Tony's kiss swollen lips and disheveled clothing. His hands were resting on the shorter man's ass, though he didn't remember placing them there.
With those words of something slightly resembling encouragement, Tony typed a text that could change everything.
Once Steve noticed Tony’s reaction, he turned to pull the brunet towards him. “Tony I… it was a joke, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean anything by what I said.”
Tony was startled by the bark of laughter that erupted from the omega. His eyes went wide, as he watched Steve laugh for a full minute.
Pepper wrapped her arms around Steve, causing him to freeze. She may have thought of him as a friend, but he couldn’t bring himself to hug her back. She took a step back to give Steve one last smile before she left the house. He stood there conflicted: he didn’t know whether to go comfort Tony immediately or give him space. He decided to let Tony be until the next day. Then he would try to follow through on the promise that he’d made to Pepper.
“So, what’d you want to talk about?” She asked, smiling at the grimace Tony gave in response to being kicked.
“I know that you probably can’t hear this, and this isn’t really the best time to do this, but...you were right. I was scared and I was running from my fears, but I’m ready now. I’m ready to be the father that Mason deserves and the bond mate that you deserve. I love you, Steve and when all of this is over, I want to spend the rest of my life with you.”
Once outside, Tony decided to walk back to the office before calling Happy for a ride home. As he walked, he focused on the cool night air. The night hadn’t gone quite as he had expected, what with him only having two drinks in total, but it did just as much for him as he’d hoped. For those few hours that he was at the
“You’re saying a lot of really great things about me right now, and though I would prefer to let this continue, I’m going to have to stop you and say that I accept the position.”
Tony physically tensed up, momentarily, at the question. Steve obviously noticed, though, as he began to frown. “The sweater wasn't for me was it?” Steve asked, clearly hurt. Tony just shook his head, dreading the conversation he knew was to follow.
The sound of the door dinging as it opened onto the 19th floor brought Steve out of his mind and back to the elevator. He stepped out and followed Tony to their suite. Once inside, Tony threw his bags on the floor of the sitting room. “Well, I don’t know about you, but I’m pretty fucking hungry so...dinner? We can order in.”
Now, here was Tony. Tony who took Coraline in stride. Tony who got on the floor and played with his daughter. Tony who was clearly terrified and out of his league. But he’d let Steve kiss him and said he wasn’t going to bolt.
Then it was moments like this that Tony remembered why he never stopped to enjoy the world much to begin with. He turned away from the window, to see Carol unwrapping her winter layers before taking a seat in the arm chair beside him.
“Well, I got to thinking about what we talked about earlier, about you and Tony. I want to help you figure out whether or not this is something you truly want.”
“Well first, please call me Pepper. I’d like to think of us as friends, so you don’t have to bee so formal.”
At that, Steve put everything he had into making sure Tony knew that his words were heard and that the omega felt the same way. Steve dug deep to muster all of the energy and strength he had, fighting through the pain that was threatening to take over. But suddenly, Steve felt the slight movement as he wiggled his fingers.
All three of them sat there now, each letting that statement sink in. After a few moments the sound of Tony’s wheezing cut through the silence.
“I really don’t want to do this, okay guys?” Steve interrupted. “I know you all tried to warn me. I know you said I tend to fall quickly and end up getting hurt. I
Tony made his way into work feeling confused and slightly saddened. He thought things had ended well after he’d texted Steve about their dinner date, but he hadn’t heard from the omega since. He wanted to think that everything was fine, but when his texts the night before went unanswered, Tony began to doubt himself. Maybe Steve had second thoughts about wanting to have him over for dinner. Maybe he realized that even a friendship with Tony was a mistake. Thought after horrible thought popped into the alpha’s mind, making him wonder where exactly he went wrong.
“Please. First of all, you’re also a millennial. Secondly, if you’ve never had avocado toast before, you’ll be eating your words very shortly.” Steve retorted.
Once Peter gave a knowing smile, Tony frowned. “Don’t you have some copies to go make?!” he snapped.
“It’s not that big a deal, Steve. I ran a company and now I teach high school physics. It’s hardly world shattering stuff I’m doing, here,” Tony said, again trying to minimize the gravity of his actions.
“I guess that’s true. But I don’t know what I should do. I tried to talk to him about what happened, and somehow I ended up confessing that I want a relationship with him.”
Tony tuned out, so as to not eavesdrop, but to also let everything sink in. He had made a colossal mistake, one that he wasn’t sure if he could fix, but Bruce’s words gave him hope that his relationship could be repaired. The alpha, turned his attention back to his friend, once he saw Bruce stand to leave hurriedly.
“Ready?” Tony asked, taking hold of Steve’s hand. The blond smiled wide, nodding. “Yep, let’s go meet some penguins.”
“Jealous?!” Rhodey gasped, mock offended, “Please, the more this guy deals with your ridiculousness, the less I have to. In reality, I owe this guy a fruit basket for taking you off my hands.”
Steve sat on the school bus with the rest of the team, heart racing as they got closer to their destination.
Steve worried his lip between his teeth. “Two. But then I’m putting it away. Two glasses of wine is enough to get me kind of buzzed and I’ve never had drunk sex before.”
“We need to prep him as soon as possible and get him into surgery,” one voice said, loudly, at his left.
“Who’d you get to help out?” Rhodey asked, eyes narrowing as Tony flinched at the question. After a moment of consideration, Rhodey’s eyes went wide with realization. “Hot gym TA guy?! No! Does he even know a thing about mechanics or engineering?!”
That stopped Ty in his tracks. “You seem to have a different air about you than you did when I was last here. What’s got you in such great spirits? Fix things with your buff blond?”
“Tony,” Pepper started gently, “I warned you about this. I told you that I didn’t want you to get hurt and now you’re telling us this. I don’t want to sound suspicious of Steve but I’ve known you for how long and you’ve never managed to accidently get someone pregnant until now. All I’m saying is that I’m just...worried that there was another motive here.”
“I’m not sure if I should be insulted that you don’t think I’m smart enough for your tech or to be grateful that you’re taking it easy on me with this stuff.”
“Then there’s the matter of school. I can pull some strings and reorganize both of our schedules around hers, so that way we--”
“You’re a menace, all three of you. You’re all the absolute worst,” Steve mumbled angrily, fastening his seat belt. Tony barked out a laugh as he hit the gas.
“So, Bucky and Nat are your best friends?” Tony asked, taking a quick glance to look at his passenger.
“Ah, hello friends. Are you ready for the lunch rush today?” Thor, another waiter, quickly asked on his way to refill some drinks. Clint just rolled his eyes, and smiled.
"Okay, so I like to have fun, so what? I'm a freshman in college, of course I'm gonna go all out the first few times I go out. But I'd like it to be noted that I haven't been to a single party since I started dating Steve," Tony answered, proud of himself for keeping his composure.
“Hey listen,” Tony began, reaching out to take the blond’s hand, “I meant what I said yesterday. We’re in this together.”
“M’here,” he offered. He stood there for a moment, before he heard the buzz that opened the door. Once he got to the elevator, he leaned his head back against the wall, closing his eyes for just a second. Really, all he needed was five minutes and he’d be alright.
With Steve, though, not once had he ever caught him chance a glance at the mechanism keeping Tony alive. He'd waited a long while for that shoe to drop and when it never did, somehow it felt like Tony was able to finally breathe. It was a strange feeling to have, knowing that Steve saw Tony as a whole and not just the various parts that comprised Tony Stark. He’d never felt so seen before in his life and the fact that it was apparent to someone outside of himself was slightly overwhelming.
There was so much more that Tony wanted to say, but the words couldn’t make it past the lump in his throat.
. Who knew running across the school could really take it outta ya?” Tony asked, taking a seat in the front row of desks.
"If by 'wrong' you mean 'absolutely amazing', then yes," Tony said, resting his forehand against Steve's before taking in a deep breath. "I think it's safe to say that you are the best kisser I've ever met, and please believe me when I tell you that I would
Howard calmly walked the the bar at the end of the living room, pouring two glasses of whiskey before moving to sit in his large arm chair. He placed the second glass of whiskey on the living room table, motioning for Tony to come and have a seat. The brunet reluctantly obliged, taking a sip of the amber liquid in his glass.
“Water would be great, thank you.” Pepper replied from her seat. “Do you mind if I take off my shoes? It’s been quite a long day on my feet.”
“First of all, I need you to stop calling me that. Second, you know damn well that I’m talking about. You going to Olive Garden close to every day.”
“I uh....” Steve stammered, having to clear his throat to stop the lump that was forming. “I’m not sure though, that there’s much I can do at this point.”
Steve broke the kiss to rest their foreheads together, caressing Tony’s cheek. “As long as it's with you, I know it’ll be amazing.”
“Sorry,” she whispered. “Here ya go!” Cora handed Tony a small box with a thin bow on it. He looked at the box, slightly confused, but Steve just nervously smiled as he removed the bow and opened the box.
“Duh. It’s Ony’s burfday,” Cora rolled her eyes. “But he can open the present I got him!” she attempted to whisper.
“Well, we have to at least make sure to choose horses that move, otherwise, this is just a waste of a carousel ride,” Steve said. “Here, how about these two,” he said, pointing to a tan horse with a blond mane and a light brown horse with a dark brown mane.
Tony continued to watch as the DeWitt team won their heat, securing a spot as one of the two final teams. Tony willed himself to push his concerns to the back of his mind as his team set up for their heat. While he was coaching, Tony always got into a zone where all he focused on was the game. It usually felt somewhat relaxing, to know that he could just tune everything else out and put all of his energy into this. But now, he felt this strange thing itching at some part of his brain, clawing and fighting for his attention. Tony didn’t want to ask the question, he didn’t want to acknowledge this fear that he had, because the implications would be horrendous.
“Steve, no one voluntarily spends that much time with Tony Stark unless they’ve got more than feelings of friendship for him.”
“Have you never been ice skating before?” Steve asked, moving closer to stand right in front of Tony.
“I don’t mind, really,” Tony said. “If this is what it takes for you to accept me, then I’ll do it.”
Tony seemed to consider Steve’s suggestions before giving a small smile. “Let’s play it by ear once we get there and see where the afternoon takes us.”
“Then,” Tony continued, not even paying attention to Steve. “We’ll have to look into daycares. Without being able to hand Cora off between you and Peggy, there isn’t going to be as much flexibility as to babysitters and stuff. There are some excellent daycares around here and we can obviously afford the best.”
Tony moved quickly, wasting no time once he got into the shower. He was in and out in under 20 minutes, which was a personal best for the brunet. He took great care rifling through his closet to pick out something that made him look good without saying he tried too hard, then styled his hair to give off the same impression. Once he was fully put together he took a look at the clock to see that he had fifteen minutes to spare. As if on que, the doorbell rang, sending a mass of butterflies into a whirlwind in Tony’s stomach.
“Ok, whatever it is, start from the beginning,” the redhead prompted, giving the man a reassuring rub on the back.
. It took Steve a moment for his brain to reboot, but once it did, he walked over to wrap his arms around his boyfriend.
Tony wasn’t sure what to do with his hands but Steve had no such problem. Within moments, Tony felt Steve’s cold hands under his shirt. Steve broke the kiss just long enough to get Tony’s shirt up and over their heads, along with his own.
“I seriously cannot believe she got you to go,” Bucky said, shaking his head in disbelief. Steve shot his friend a death glare, wiping the smile right off of his face.
Tony didn’t want to admit it, but he truly was falling for Steve, fast. Truth be told, the thought of being in love seemed terrifying, but to think that Steve might one day be in love with him was exhilarating.
“Well, Steve, looks like it’s time for me to be heading home,” Tony said, standing from his bar stool, “thanks for the drink, and for letting me talk you to death.”
“Fuck no. This information stays between the two of us and does not leave this apartment. Understood?”
“Yeah, the first day we met, I may or may not have Googled you to find out a little more about you.Admittedly, I tried looking you up on Facebook and when I couldn’t find you, I turned to Google. Almost immediately I found articles talking about you, your father, and Stark Industries.”
“You smell so fucking good, baby. Give me ten more minutes and we can head home so I can spend the rest of the evening taking you apart,” Tony whispered, nibbling the omega’s ear.
Once New Years came and went, the rest of their break just seemed like one big blissful blur. Since their night in Vermont, every day seemed to just get better. Though he knew it was inevitable, Tony wasn’t ready for that to end with the onset of the business of new classes. It took a few days for them to get back in the swing of things, but a few weeks into the new semester, they’d found a comfortable routine.
“I’ve been alright...Look, I’m sure you know I’ve called you hear to talk to you about Steve,” Bruce stated, trying to tread as lightly as possible.
“Hmm, alright, well the same idea still applies. If you enjoy this guy’s company then get his info and hang out in a less tabloid-worthy location.”
Then, there was the time when she had to come into work with him and she ended up running around throwing silverware at people. Steve had been asked to go home early. He was terrified that he had lost his job, but that night he got a call from Fury, assuring him his job was safe.
“I’m just not sure if I should be worried that you have Pepper’s number, or thankful,” Tony spoke, looking over Cora once more to see just how happy she was now. Bucky just swung his arm around Tony’s shoulder, pulling him closer.
The past three weeks had been a whirlwind. Tony stood in an auditorium in Albany, looking at all of the other robotics teams as he thought back on all that had happened over the last few weeks.
“Well, as long as you’re the pleasurable type of pain in my ass, I’ll figure out how to deal with the rest,” Steve offered, mirroring the brunet’s smile.
It killed him to admit that the teen was right on all accounts. He indeed did have a crush (as much as he fucking
Steve woke up feeling like absolute shit. After the match the night before he drove home in a haze, not giving any of the evening a chance to sink in until he reached his apartment. There, he sat on his couch, head in his hands and weeped.
“I’ll be right back,” Steve mouthed. As he moved to put Cora to sleep, Tony couldn’t help but swoon over the sight in front of him.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t hear that. Can you repeat, please?” He asked, looking down at his notepad, ready to take the order.
Pepper gave him an apologetic look as she rested her hand on top of his. “Tony, the only way for you to screw things up is to keep lying. Honestly, just… trust that Steve loves you enough to work through this.”
Tony just gave a small nod, as he made his way to the door. “I’ll text you later tonight, okay? I love you.”
Tony had been harboring the biggest crush known to man on Steve, the aforementioned asshole, since day one of the semester. It took all the courage he had that first day to ask Steve to be in his group for the (stupid and pointless) semester-long research project, but ever since then Tony had been dropping hints left and right that he was a little more than interested in the blond. However, no matter how badly it seemed he wanted to, Steve never reciprocated.
Steve didn’t even know where to begin with how embarrassed this whole situation made him, but he just tried to remind himself that there was a point to all of this. He went about his day, making an early dinner, watching a few shows, and catching up on some reading before resigning to just go to his room and get this foolishness over with. He pulled up a few Google searches to figure out exactly what he was doing. He then poured a small amount of each lube into his hands to figure out which one he felt would suit him best. After figuring everything out, Steve got himself situated with a video and ready to go.
The day that Tony had spoken to Natasha, he received a text from her by night’s end saying she’d help him with Steve. Since then, the brunet had been unbelievably nervous about what her plan would entail, but he trusted that whatever it was, it’d be successful. Tony had a stretch of business trips and out of town meetings for the following two weeks, but he figured that would give Natasha enough time to set something up.
“My last class let out early, so I figured I'd get a jump start helping you out today. From the sounds of it, you need all the help you can get,” Peter teased.
Tony rubbed a hand up and down her back. “It’s not me that you have to apologize to. Your daddy is trying very hard and you have to be nice to him, okay?”
Natasha asked taking a seat at her desk. Steve couldn’t help but ring his hands in his lap. He hadn’t told anybody about his feelings for Tony and as accepting as he knew people in the 21st century were he still had his doubts.
Tony made it to the door of the classroom just in time to hear what seemed like the tail end of a conversation with Steve and Peter. “...well, I’m glad that you’ll be the assistant coach. Seems like you and Mr. Stark will make a great pair.” Peter said, innocently. Tony knew damn well what Peter was trying to do, and he’d have given the kid a piece of his mind if not for the fact that Steve’s reaction took the breath right out of his lungs.
“Well it seems that Bug would agree with you and ma. Here, give me your hand,” Steve spoke, taking one of Bucky’s hands to place where he’d felt the first kick.
“You broke Tony in a way I’ve never seen before. He was completely and utterly miserable when you weren’t together. He went through days where he wouldn’t even get out of bed, he was so crippled by the fear that he had lost you and Cora forever. It might not have seemed like much, but he poured everything he had into his relationship with you, and you just tossed it all away.”
“It’s okay, Heidi, is it? Heidi, it’s alright, we can figure this out,” Tony assured, “Could you possibly just get us a second room if there aren’t any suites available?”
“Aside from the fact that we literally don’t have enough time for me to even begin to get into it, I also don’t want to put you on blast in front of your new friend. The short answer, though, is that you are absolutely exhausting.”
Thinking back on that moment now, Tony realized he’d probably need to dissect the fact that he wanted to kiss Steve, at some point. But for now he was perfectly happy just sitting with the omega, watching his endless struggle to determine what to order.
“You’re really good with her, you know,” Steve spoke, once he quietly shut Cora’s bedroom door behind him.
The omega felt his body ease immediately at the touch of the warm water, and though he wanted nothing more than to relax, his mind kept racing. Through all of the terrifying thoughts, though, Steve placed his hand on his stomach and suddenly everything stopped. In that moment, all he could think was
“Alright guys,” Bruce began, “here’s the baby. Everything is looking great so far. Her heartbeat is strong, and she seems to be healthy and growing normally.”
Tony stayed for a few hours after initially finding out that Steve was going to have a baby. They talked about several things: how Steve had been feeling for the past month or so, what happened when he found out, and who knows about the baby. They also discussed Steve quitting his job.
Tony saw the look out of the corner of his eye but purposefully kept his eyes on the road. “Well, yeah. As the robotics assistant coach, I’m sure you’ll end up meeting them at some point,” he tried.
Steve sat there like that, surveying the world right outside his office with his hand on his belly, soaking it all in. Under his hand, there was a baby growing,
“I’m no relationship expert, but I get the feeling that completely avoiding Steve isn’t the way to get him to take you back,” Bruce offered.
He slowly moved the brunet’s hand, waiting. He felt another kick, this one much stronger than the last. The face Bucky made when he felt the push just beneath his hand was priceless.
“No problem,” Tony moved to pat the spot on the floor beside him. “It’s what any upstanding citizen would do.”
Tony shuddered, reaching behind himself to blindly rifle through a draw in his living room table. When he brought his hand back, Steve noticed a small bottle of lube. “You absolutely can.”
They sat in silence for a few moments before Natasha let out a small laugh. Steve looked up, startled, only to be greeted by a full on smile spread across her face.
“What’s on your mind? Seems like you were more sappy than usual in there. Were you crying over you last abs?” Bucky teased, jokingly.
Tony grabbed the keys from his desk and threw them at Peter in a huff. “Here are the damn keys, kid. You’re lucky I don’t find a way to fail you.”
Tony grabbed the red head by the arms to look at him now. She tried to avoid his eyes for some time before she finally sighed.
“Hey, sorry, I didn’t want to disturb you. It looked like you were pretty focused on whatever it is you were doing.” Steve said, looking somewhat bashful as he moved to stand in front of Tony’s desk.
Once Tony left, Steve sent a text to Natasha telling her that he needed to talk to the group. Without even asking, she knew what he wanted to talk about, and assured him that she’d get everyone together. Sitting on the floor in the bathroom, thinking about what he would say to everyone was enough to make Steve feel sick all over again. After a few minutes of deep breathing, the blond resolved to get himself up and moving for the day.
“I’m sure it’s no news to you that after you left I took it pretty hard…” Tony began, trying to gloss over how bad those three weeks actually were, “so when I got back to work, by the end of the day I was just tired. Tired of faking like everything was fine, and I just wanted to have a drink and not think about anything, so I walked into
Steve gave a nod before turning to walk out the door. Once he was on the other side, he had to muffle a sob as tears threatened to spill. He had never experienced any feeling like that before in his life, the uncontrollable urge to protect not only this baby but Tony as well. It was a confusing and overwhelming feeling, one that made him want to curl up in his bed and sleep. As long as nobody tried to stop him, Steve resolved to do just that.
They lay on the bed in silence, save for the sound of them trying to catch their breath. Steve wanted to broach the subject, but his mind couldn’t stop reeling from the fact that Tony had just
Tony sat back in awe of those standing in front of him. Each and every single person in that room made up the only true family that Tony had ever known. He had never truly thought about it until now, but this was his pack. These were the people he will go to the ends of the world for and he knew then that they would do the same for him.
“Jesus Pepper, you didn’t think that maybe somewhere in the THREE MONTHS since we defeated Loki, it would be good to tell me that you didn’t want to be with me anymore?”
Again, Steve shook his head, trying hard to remember if he’d ever gotten a good look at Tony’s chest. “Is it something to do with the heart surgery he had while he was held captive?”
Tony was still fuming over the thought that Steve had been hired as some sort of mole to steal his tech. He wanted to think this plan was low, even for Ty, but Tony knew the man would sink as low as he had to if it meant getting his way. So really, this seemed pretty on brand for Ty, but it was a shock coming from Steve, and that’s what hurt the most. Tony had been falling fast for the blond, but now he wasn’t sure what was true about him and what was made up. Thinking back on all of the time they had spent together, Tony really wanted to find a moment in time that he could pinpoint where he should have realized that Steve was a fraud, but even now, knowing the truth, he still couldn’t see it.
“So, uh…” Steve began, clearing his throat trying to refocus, “we have a little bit more time before we need to head to the party if you want to just walk around a bit more.”
It only took a few seconds for his words to register before Tony sat straight up, more awake than he’d probably ever been in his life.
The look of shock and anger on Howard’s face was enough to send fear through every part of Tony’s being.
Tony tried to keep a straight face, but he just barked out a laugh and leaned into Steve. “I’ll hold you to that, I hope you know,” he said as they approached the ticket counter. Once Tony purchased their tickets, they made their way inside.
Tony Stark all night and hadn't even known it. Suddenly, at that realization, Steve jumped to his feet to find the small folder with Tony’s payment.
“Sure we do. There’s all of Cora’s stuff that’s here and then there’s the stuff that’s at Peggy’s and, if I’m moving in, there’s my stuff. And Steve, honey, it worked when she was little, but that converted walk in closet isn’t going to fit a bed in it and she should start sleeping in a bed soon.”
It had been six years since he had first joined the Vision Creative Firm. He spent his first three years interning, before he graduated and was promoted to senior designer for the graphic design team. That meant that it had been three long, excruciating years since he started working with fellow senior graphic designer Tony Stark, aka the biggest asshole in the entire universe.
Steve stuck a lubed up finger inside of Tony, then another, a third, and sooner rather than later he was slicking up his cock.
“Well… yeah, why wouldn’t I?” Steve asked, taking his seat after securing Cora in her chair. “This is such a special day, ‘cause without it, we wouldn’t have you. We just wanted to show you how glad we are that you’re here and how much we love you.”
Tony wanted to apologize for being so out of it. He wanted to praise the food for being better than perfect. He wanted to say something…
"Nat, if you want something, just ask," Steve said taking his seat. Natasha, one of the graphic design team members, and one of his best friends, popped up from her desk to smile at him.
It had sounded like a great idea at the time, but the more Steve thought about it, the more nervous he became as he got ready for their date. He found himself wanting to make sure he impressed Tony all over again, as if he was making a legitimate first impression.
, Barnes, so unfortunately you don’t quite fit the bill. But if things ever go south with the missus and you dye your hair, give me a call. I can’t promise I’ll actually answer but you’ll never know unless you try.”
“Alright then. While you were all away for the Christmas holiday, I unexpectedly went into heat. That’s why I had been feeling so awful before then. Tony ended up coming to my apartment out of the blue and found me so he helped me through my heat. To make a long story short I um...the other day I found out that I’m pregnant.”
Neither man said anything as they waited for their food. Once everything arrived at their table, Steve took a deep breath, smelling all the wonderful items in front of them.
“Oh really? When, between thawing out and fighting crazy people playing dress up as super villains, did you have time to figure this out?”
He spoke hesitantly; the smile fading from his face as he took in Pepper’s appearance. He began to chew on his lip, obviously wanting to ask a question but not wanting to overstep any boundaries. Pepper couldn’t help but give a tiny smile at how truly adorable Steve was.
“I’m sorry, but mom dying and you erasing every inch of her from this house isn’t nonsense. She was you wife. For some ungodly reason, she chose to bond with you and to marry you. You treated her like garbage when she’s alive, so I guess it shouldn’t surprise me that you’d treat her like garbage now, but I genuinely never expected this from you.”
After a few moments of knocking with no answer, Tony became frantic. Why wouldn’t the omega let him in? He
“Honestly...I just needed to breath. I’m not used to having this much attention on me, especially when I’m wearing next to nothing, so it all felt like a bit much,” Steve offered, slightly surprised with how truthful he was.
“It’s great to finally meet you, and let me say, thank you for your service,” Steve spoke, shaking his hand.
Tony rubbed at one of his eyes, clearly still not fully awake. “Mornin’, where's coffee?” Tony slurred.
He didn’t want to see it, but Steve could feel the look of pity Natasha was giving him, and he hated it.
Rumlow scoffed, turning towards Tony to puff out his chest in a show of dominance. “You’re an alpha? A dainty little twink like you is an
As he walked throughout the rest of the store, he continued to put all fruit related items in his cart. Fruit juice, fruit popsicles, fruit roll ups, and five different flavors of apple sauce all ended up alongside the fresh produce in the shopping cart. Looking at his items, Steve felt somewhat pleased with what he’d managed to pick out, and headed for the registers to check out.
Steve turned to look at Bucky, confused, and the brunet shrugged. “I figured I could keep you company this weekend,” he offered. As soon as Steve opened his mouth to object, Bucky put up a hand to stop him. “I’m not asking if I can, I’m
She looked up at him and gave him a smile that reminded him a lot of the face Pepper would make when she was being polite but clearly meant business.
Tony had grown fond of Peter, and though he was loath to admit it, he really enjoyed getting to spend time with him. During the previous year, Tony had come to learn all about Peter’s life, struggling with bullies, losing his parents, living with his aunt and uncle, losing his uncle, and making efforts to help look after his aunt May as she got older. Peter had been through more tragedies, obstacles and setbacks than anyone should ever have to deal with, and yet somehow he still managed to exceed the expectations set for most teens living under normal circumstances. Tony saw so much of himself in this kid, and he knew that come hell or high water, he’d do whatever it took to make sure that Peter was taken care of and had every opportunity to achieve success.
“Stevie’s looking for a big boy job with a big boy paycheck,” Bucky answered, accepting the beer, graciously.
Peter considered the calculators for a moment, before giving a smile “I guess today is 6th period’s lucky day.”
Bucky let go of Steve, suddenly, turning to continue on back to the apartment. They walked in silence, not saying a single word until they walked back into the apartment to see Natasha and Coraline playing on the floor.
“Shh,” Steve said, getting down on one knee to be at eye level with his daughter. “It’s your special day but you can’t yell it at people, okay?”
“Well, Mr. Stark, you’ve done a lot for me, and I think you deserve to be happy,” Peter said, earnestly. “Plus, you and Mr. Rogers are the best couple any of us have ever met, so I’ll do anything to make sure you guys make it!”
Tony woke up with a start as the jet began it’s descent. He took a few deep breaths, trying to brace himself, not for landing, but for the shit sow that his greeting with Howard was sure to be. He had gone out of his way to stay under the radar and just evade Howard at every turn while he was living in New York, so the fact that he was being called to stay in California, to pretend as if he had any hand to play in Stark Industries at all, made him a little more than pissed off. Once the plane came to a stop on the tarmac, Tony gave a sigh, pinching the bridge of his nose, and eventually mustering up enough willpower to get off the plane.
“Sure did! I was always responsible for setting the table during holidays at home, so I’ve learned a thing or two about presentation. Anyway, take a seat, and I’ll get the food out.”
Steve and Tony walked out of the library breathing a little easier. They’d managed to pull an all-nighter to complete their portions of the project. Their final group meeting only lasted about half an hour as they worked to assemble their presentation. Once they were finally free, they made their way back to Steve’s apartment.
Tony couldn’t help but smile at how adorable Steve was. “Yeah, I’d like to stop by for a bit,” he answered around a small laugh.
For a moment, Tony stood in front of the cabin, taking it all in. The sun was setting, giving off the most beautiful yellow, pink and purple hues over the winter wonderland before him. That scene along with the thought of finally getting to relax with Steve was enough to put a smile on Tony’s face. He walked up the front steps and into the front door as fast as he could without seeming too desperate.
“I don’t think Coraline would be too pleased if Ony wasn’t around anymore,” Steve said finally, leaning his forehead against Tony.
“Look, I can’t really have you freezing to death out here. Not only do I not know where this restaurant actually is, but I’m pretty sure Natasha would choke me to death with her bare hands if I let anything happen to you, so just take the scarf, and save us both the trouble ok?”
“Alright, we will get to the part about what you’ll be wearing in a second,” Sam said, putting up a finger to silence the protest he knew was about to come out of Steve’s mouth, “but first, what are you getting Tony?”
“Alright, is everyone done with what they’ve been working on?” Steve asked, a couples hours after getting started. He looked up to notice that all three of them were nodding. “Well then, when Cora gets here, we’ll all try on our costumes!”
“Well…” Steve started, a little apprehensive to spill his thoughts, “when Tony comes home I’m going to tell him that whenever he’s ready, I think we should bond…”
“Alright,” Rhodey said after a moment, nodding his head. “You seem like a good enough guy, just make sure to treat him well or I'll have to come after you. That's a lot of work for me that I'd rather not do so don't make me have to.”
Steve just sat at the dining table, pinching the bridge of his nose. Cora had been absolutely horrid all day, throwing tantrum after tantrum. They had to leave the grocery store without any of their items after Cora broke a few jars while flailing and screaming about wanting a toy. Steve was trying his hardest to be as patient as he could, but he was steadily reaching the end of his rope.
The pair of them at on Steve’s couch, mindlessly watching the Game Show network, each seeming to be in their own world, when Tony suddenly turned to look at the blond.
“Babe, I think we’re literally the first ones here, what’s the rush?” Steve asked, looking at his boyfriend fondly.
“Well, Tony now that we’re all here I guess it’s as good a time as any to introduce you to Coraline… my daughter.” He bounced the child gently. “Say hi, Cora.”
“Alright, I’ll go. But i reserve the right to change my mind about trusting you once we get to where we’re going.”
“Why didn’t you ever say anything about this?” Steve asked, all anger completely gone from his voice.
Steve made a squeaking sound and nodded, and Tony took that as his invitation to unbutton, unzip, and pull down Steve’s jeans. Steve lifted his hips off of the bed to make it easier for Tony to get his pants off.
“Ok so what part of this is freaking you out? The fact that you have a crush on a man, the fact that said crush seemingly snuck up on you or the fact that you had such a vivid dream about Steve?”
“Listen, uhm, I brought the both of you here so we could talk things out. No crazy scheme, no in depth plan, just talk, ok?” Natasha spoke, gesturing for Tony to take the third chair at the table.
“Any time, Tones,” Rhodey replied, moving to get out of the car. “Oh, what was the other thing you wanted to talk about?”
. That was actually something I wanted to you about,” Tony began, somewhat nervously, “I wanted to see if you possibly wanted to...I don't know, do something outside of the bar sometime?”
“Yeah well, I’m your ass. And if I can get Peggy to look after Cora that weekend, I’ll be your New Years date too.”
Tony sat in the back of his car, looking out the window as Happy drove, drumming on the steering wheel to the song on the radio. Outside, buildings flew by, but as they got farther away from the city, sky scrapers gave way to snow capped trees and sparse greenery. A sigh escaped Tony’s lips as he sat back and tried to enjoy the view, but the anticipation had him feeling antsy.
“Just because I can’t afford the merchandise doesn’t mean I don’t like to look,” Steve answered, feeling somewhat proud for having obviously impressed Tony. “Anyway, now that we’re here, do you have any ideas about what you’d like to do while we kill time?”
Bucky just looked him over, stood up, took a piece of paper out of his breast pocket, unfolded it, and began.
“I have no fucking clue who that Steve guy is. He was some poor sap who for some reason genuinely had feelings for you and I can only assume you ripped him a new one when you thought he had something to do with all of this,” Ty said, gesturing between them. “I honestly only came here to gloat about stealing your code but the fact that you also sabotaged a genuine relationship over this is truly icing on top of an already delicious cake!”
“There’s something I think we need to talk about,” Tony said, now feeling the nervousness overtake him.
Tony stopped pacing and looked toward his closed office door. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath, trying to collect himself while also reminding himself that he could do this. Once he felt ready he gave a nod. “Okay, J. Let him in.”
“Well, I figured it’s the least I can do to make up for the fact that we don’t really get this weekend to ourselves. Plus, I figure you’ll keep coming back if I keep feeding you,” Steve offered, taking a bite of his salad.
Tony picked up the pace then, snapping his hips forward and hitting Steve’s prostate dead on. Steve felt so many sensations at once: his abdomen being driven into the counter harder and harder, the apron rubbing against his cock, Tony’s nails dragging across his scalp as he gripped tighter on the hair in his hand. It was all too much and before he fully registered his orgasm hitting him, Steve was coming. The second his cock was spent, Steve felt his knees go weak. The only thing holding him up was Tony, fucking into him with reckless abandon.
As Pepper and Rhodey walked up, Tony burst out into laughter, at a picture Steve had sent him, of the blond practically swimming in a sweatshirt Bucky had left at his place.
“Not much, just reading this thing Steve wrote about Tony,” Natasha said, handing over the notebook as Bruce extended his hands in a
“Uh… should have thought to ask about this before but do you wanna, uh, you know… which do you wanna do?”
They sat in silence, her running her fingers through his hair, him humming along to the song he’d listened to hundreds of times since Steve broke up with him.
Steve stood, holding on to Coraline tightly. “Love you too, nugget,” he whispered, kissing the top of her head.
“Yes, pwease,” Cora responded before yawning. Tony could tell she was getting tired, so he made sure to take it easy as he moved across the living room to sit right in front of Steve.
That got his friend’s attention. Both sat down at the table with him, waiting for him to continue. When Tony didn’t say anything further, Rhodey sighed and stood to dish out lunch for both himself and Pepper.
Aside from telling the brunet just how much he was missed in his absence, though, Steve had been anxiously awaiting the moment when he could finally tell Tony that he wanted to be his bond mate. The thought was exhilarating and terrifying all at once, but after some extensive conversations with all of the women in his life; Natasha, Pepper, Carol and even Bug, Steve concluded that it was finally time. So, sitting there, in front of all those who were happy for he and the alpha and the arrival of their baby, Steve beamed, thinking about all that was to come.
“It’s okay, Heidi, we’ll take the one suite,” Steve chimed in, eager to prevent the impending panic attack that was brewing in front of him.
“You think you can distance yourself from me, from my name, from my legacy? You think you could do so much better without me? Let me tell you, Anthony, you’ve never been more wrong in your life,” Howard spoke, in an angry whisper, “You’re a failure as a son, and you’ll be an even bigger failure as a father. You’ll never be worth anything to your baby or the whore of an omega you’ve knocked up. I can promise you that just like you’ve done in every other relationship you’ve ever had, all you’ll do is bring them disappointment. That’s the only thing you excel at.”
Tony collapsed forward, burying his face in Steve’s neck and sobbing, clutching tightly to him. Steve responded in much the same way.
“Whatever Stark, I didn’t judge you when you told me that your favorite flavor of ice cream is vanilla.”
Tony smiled at both his friends before seeing them out. As soon as he was alone, he took his phone out to text Natasha.
“Oh, don’t thank me, I haven’t actually done anything for you yet. But with all the business that you’ve managed to unintentionally bring to my bar, I figure this is the least I could do.”
Tony thought back to the last time he was on this couch with mixed feelings. He’d be lying if he said he hadn’t enjoyed himself but the memory of Steve kicking him out still stung. A lot.
Steve sat in his car trying to tell himself to take a deep breath. It was his first day of work as a P.E. teaching assistant at Midtown High, and he was beyond nervous. Luckily, he had a few days of administrative work before the first day of school the following week. Enough time to get his bearings before having to throw a bunch of students into the mix. This was Steve’s first time working as a teacher, let alone spending any real amount of time with a bunch of teenagers.
Natasha stood by as Tony read through the words that seemed to be a poem or possibly a song. It was beautiful, whatever it was, but Tony still didn’t understand. “Who wrote this?”
“Hey you,” Tony said, smile softening as he greeted Steve. He looked around the blond to give a nod to the men behind him. “Sam, Barnes. Nice to see you guys.”
“Ah, it’s no trouble, but you should really probably head to the doctor. I mean, I’m the type who hates going to the doctor unless it is guaranteed that I will be cured of whatever ailment I have the second I leave, but it seems that something might really be wrong here. So...just go to doctor and see what they have to say.”
As if on cue, Steve felt his phone vibrate in his pocket. He pulled it out to see the text from Tony.
Pepper sighed. “When we were dating we were different people. It was high school. We were in California. We’ve grown up since then.”
The two of them looked at one another in silence for a solid minute before Tony rolled his eyes. “It means he
“Oh, well Mr. Stark isn’t here today and I usually spend my free period doing stuff around his class. Could I stay here with you just for today?”
“How was it?” Clint elaborated. Once he saw that Steve wasn't immediately picking up on what he meant, he rolled his eyes.
Carol didn’t waste any time digging into the food in front of her. After one bite of her steak, she gave a satisfied moan. Tony gave her a confused look, to which Carol used her fork to gesture that he should go ahead with whatever it was he had to say.
As the drive continued, Steve turned on his favorite playlist, and let the music as well as thoughts of his next time with Tony carry him home.
“Oh ha-fucking-ha Rogers,” Tony huffed, mock offended. Steve wrapped his arm around the brunet’s waist and kissed his cheek.
“Tony, no. I’m extremely busy right now. This will have to wait,” Pepper replied, not once taking her eyes off her work.
Once he was finally out of surgery, and taken to his recovery room, Steve renewed his efforts to give some kind of indication that he was here with the brunet, who had taken up post now sitting on the right side of the bed. The room was silent, save for the beeping of the machines monitoring Steve’s condition. There was a soft knock on the door, to which Tony instructed the visitor to come in.
“A date with me.” Tony winked and flashed his best smile as Steve looked him over. All Steve could do was let out a small laugh before shaking his head.
Tony sat there quiet, praying that Rhodey couldn’t see the red creeping into his cheeks. The arc reactor was something he didn't like to talk about or even draw attention to, and yet people always ended up asking about it. Thankfully his students knew better than to ask about it yet somehow adults were hit or miss between those who could leave well enough alone and those who just wanted to be nosey as fuck. No matter which category they fell into, people at least always noticed the reactor. Tony had nearly perfected his ability to catch people taking a glance at his chest, trying to sneak a peek. He hated it more than he’d ever let on.
“I came here because we need to talk some things through,” Tony said, placing the key on the kitchen counter.
Tony deflated even more at that. Steve was nothing but an amazing man, and he deserved so much better than so effortlessly being thrown away the way that Tony had. As she stood to leave, Natasha seemed to sense the internal struggle brewing within the brunet.
At the moment, Steve remembered feeling slightly terrified but mostly excited at Natasha’s words and the thought of working at her bar. Now that the day was here, it seemed that all of the excitement had dissipated and gave way to nervousness. Before he could get too bogged down with his thoughts, the alarm began to sound. Steve just sighed and threw back his covers. The day was going to start with or without him, so he figured he might as well jump right into it.
Steve continued to laugh, feeling the sides of his stomach begin to ache. It had been years since he and Natasha danced around, singing along to their favorite boy bands. But Natasha randomly invited him for a sleepover, so it only made sense this would happen.
Tony broke out into a smile as he pulled Steve off the couch over to their makeshift love nest. He stripped down to nothing before moving to the blanket and extending his hand to pull Steve down with him. He ran his hands over Steve’s sweater-clad shoulders and down his chest, only to take hold of the hem of the sweater to pull it off.
Today felt a little off to Steve though. It seemed as though Bucky had something on his mind that he wasn’t bringing up.
The man that sat across from him was an older, dark skinned man with an eyepatch covering his right eye. Steve had been around his fair share of intimidating men while in the Army, but somehow none of them came close to being as terrifying as this man before him.
Steve fell backwards onto the couch and threw his arm over his eyes, somehow managing to fall back asleep. He was awoken, suddenly, by knocking at the door. Seeing that it was unlocked and knowing it was Natasha he just yelled for her to come in.
“Hey there, nugget, you ready for a nap?” Steve asked, plucking Cora right off of Tony’s back. She just rubbed her eyes and nodded before resting her head on his shoulder.
“I’m sorry, Steve. I’m so sorry. Please, I promise from here on out I’ll never miss anything again, just...please forgive me and give me a chance to make up for this.”
Seeing Steve this crabby was actually hilarious, and as badly as Tony wanted to keep with this back and forth, he decided to pull over to get something to eat.
He wondered, suddenly realizing that they would have knocked before trying to come in. Before he could make a move, the door flung open.
“So, why’d you call me out here this morning?”, Carol asked, as a server brought over her drink. “Must be serious for you to be up before noon on a Saturday.”
“Oh, you don’t want to hear about my boring life. I want to know what’s going out with you, out there in the big city!” Sarah replied.
He was about to tell the man that he was very much so in a committed relationship, when he saw Tony calmly walking over. “Hey, what’s going on over here?”
“Good lord, Tony. What?!” Natasha asked, barely hiding her annoyance as she turned her chair towards the door.
“I’m just thinking about how badly I wish you’d say your legs were tired, so you could take me up on that whole riding me offer,” Steve said, not once taking his eyes off the animals floating around before him. Tony swallowed, hard, as an idea popped into his head.
Steve didn’t even wait for a response before storming off. Tony stood there for a solid thirty seconds, watching after Steve, before turning to walk towards his car.
Tony’s eyes landed on the navy blue book and frowned as he reached out for it. “Poking fun at Steve…
With that thought on his mind, Steve turned his head to the side. “I want...I want you to fuck me. I need your cock inside me, Tony,” Steve uttered, breathlessly. He felt Tony withdraw his fingers, and muffled a disappointed sound.
On the drive home, Steve thought over his time with his mother. Some part of him wanted to dissect why it was that his mom took such a great interest in Tony out of everyone else. He told himself that it had everything to do with the fact that the man was famous, and left it at that. As much as he tried not to dwell on it, though, Steve couldn’t help but feel some sense of excitement at the thought of his mother clearly liking Tony so much. He didn’t know why, but it meant more to him than he was willing to admit that his mother approved of his new friend.
“Anthony, I would have thought you’d have got that experimentation out of your system in high school.”
The second Steve sat inside his car, a laugh ripped it’s way out of him. He sat in the garage, laughing for close to five solid minutes before turning the car on to head home. He felt light enough to float at this point. A huge weight had been lifted off his shoulders and his mother’s words were enough to erase any doubt that he had. He knew now what he needed to do.
While away, Tony tried his hardest not to text Steve too much, in an effort to avoid saying anything about the whole thing. It was hard, not talking to the man, but it was easy enough to blame hour long meetings or the time difference for the lack of communication. It was a long two weeks, but when he returned home, he received a message from Natasha that they needed to meet, with Steve, as soon as possible. It sounded urgent, so he agreed to meet the next day after work.
Tony found a chair in the waiting room while Steve went to check in. The blond came back, seemingly happier than before.
Tony cracked his knuckles, looking at his hands as he did so. “So, uh, I haven’t been one hundred percent honest about who I am. I mean, I haven’t really lied at all, but I haven’t told the whole truth. So, uh, how much do you know about weapons manufacturing?”
Steve was standing within an inch of Tony’s face now, voice slightly harsher. Tony wanted to run, but his feet wouldn’t budge.
“Nasha!” She yelled, running over towards the redhead. Natasha just kneeled down to pick Cora up, only to have the little girl cling to her neck. Steve moved towards them, reaching out to place a hand on Cora’s back.
Steve sat in his living room, surrounded by his best friends and Chinese takeout. Now that things seemed to be getting serious, he’d decided to invite Bucky, Natasha, and Sam over to tell them all about Tony.
He hadn’t really given much thought to this past the fact that he thought the smaller man was extremely adorable and wondered what it’d be like to kiss him, among other things.
“I honestly just hoped that you remembered the advice I gave you at the beginning of the school year,” Tony joked.
“Yeah, I can be quite oblivious to these types of things. But also, I didn’t really see this coming either. All I know is that I think you’re cute as hell, and I wouldn’t hate it if I got to take you out on an official date as opposed to whatever you want to call what we’ve been doing this whole time,” Tony said, bumping the smaller man’s shoulder.
“Growing up, my mom always refused to give me chicken noodle soup when I was sick. She said being sick is punishment enough, so you might as well get to eat something fun in the process. As you can see, I tend to agree with her,” Tony offered, as Steve opened the bag and took out the cup of soup.
Tony smiled at Pepper, as he stood to leave. He gave a small wave before walking back to his office. Once there, Tony ran a hand through his hair and sighed. This was a huge mess he was in, and Tony had absolutely no idea how he was going to get himself out of it.
“Second, I need you to watch after Tony. This break up is going to be hard for him to get through and I don’t want him to fall back into his old ways.”
It was the afternoon of their next meet, and Steve was somewhat on edge. Tony had mentioned over shakes and burgers that his best friend Rhodey would be attending this meet. Peter was particularly excited to get a formal introduction to Tony’s best friend. Steve on the other hand was secure enough in himself to admit that he was thoroughly intimidated by the man. He wanted to think that it was just the idea of being such an accomplished Marine but the reality was he wanted Rhodey’s approval. Without it, Steve knew his odds with Tony would be slim to none.
out of line asking if you’ve bonded? Forgive me for offending your delicate sensibilities,” Carol said, incredulously.
“It’s just...out of all the things in the world you could get him…” Bucky started, slowly, as not to offend his friend.
Tony hadn’t set foot in the school since Monday. After receiving that envelope from Natasha, once the work day was through, he made arrangements for a sub to cover him the rest of the week and immediately went to see Pepper. They parsed through everything together over chinese takeout, and with every new bit of information, Tony found it more and more obvious that he had been so insanely wrong about Steve.
“I let you go out there to work at that measly creative firm, walking around as if you aren’t the son of one of the most important men in America. I gave you the chance to get all of this foolishness out of your system before having to take over my company. I let you make an absolute ass of yourself time and time again, and this...this is how you repay me? It is one thing for you to knock up some omega, but it’s another thing entirely for you to be with a man. There is absolutely no way that any son of mine will be gay.”
“No! I mean...yes, but not solely. I think I’d like to date him too?” Tony asked, as if Pepper would have the answer for him.
Bucky asked, seemingly popping up out of nowhere. Steve startled, dragging his hand across the pad he’d been drawing on. In that moment, he was endlessly thankful that he’d moved to digital renderings for his work.
Once Tony got settled in the driver’s seat, he started the car and pulled up the GPS on his phone. They had three hours to go before they reached their destination, and Tony knew his nervousness of what was to come would eat away the entire time.
As Steve moved to meet the other men at the table, Tony stood next to Natasha with his jaw on the floor. “Your fiance’s
But as hard as he tried, and for all the planning he did, he’d always remember one thing: no matter how perfect the party is, he’ll still be Tony Stark. He would still be a professional at fucking everything up. It was that thought, that realization that he couldn’t run away from himself no matter how hard he tried, that caused him to overcompensate.
It wasn’t long after that exchange that the two made their way back to Steve’s hospital room, to allow Mason to be examined by Bruce, before continuing to rest.
From that point on, the rest of the night went without incident. Steve and Tony talked and laughed their way through dinner and when the check came, they decided to split it. All in all, it was an absolutely perfect date.
“Oh nothing, just reading this poem that Steve wrote about Tony,” Bruce answered with a small smile as he handed over the notebook.
Once Tony turned around, he noticed that Clint had left. He just shrugged and took the now empty seat. “Look, I know I seem to really be harping on this, but if either of you had seen this guy, you’d understand why I seem like such a thirsty creep over this.” Tony frowned as Bruce and Natasha shared some kind of amused look. “Well what the fuck is that look for?!” Tony asked, annoyed.
Steve gave a small nod for her to continue, knowing that there wasn't a single part of this that he'd be looking forward to.
“Well hello there, lovely ladies!” Tony sang as he opened the door to the building. “I hope you know that we appreciate you helping us with this costume, but my need for perfection is also going to drive you insane… so let’s get started!”
Rhodey perked up at that. “Oh? I didn’t realize you were looking for an assistant coach. I’ve got a little more free time outside of the Marine Corps JROTC than I did last year; I would have stepped up if you needed the help.” He said, reaching for the glass of water the waiter had just placed on the table, and giving a nod in silent thanks.
Pepper looked up at him with a sad smile, but nodded anyway. He knew she was just trying to help, and quite honestly he was grateful for it. Tony had been running from a lot of things for a long time, but she was always there to make him face things head on. This, though, this was something Tony wasn’t even sure he could take on.
“Look, Nat and I don’t have to go out of town for the holiday. We can stay here if you need us,” Bucky offered.
“Listen,” Pepper began, taking the drink out of his hand and placing it on the bar, “we grew apart, that’s it. You deserve to be with someone who can give you every bit of themselves, and I just couldn’t. I couldn’t be everything to you. Your CEO, your girlfriend, your best friend. All of those are different hats, and there was no way I could wear all of them while actually do a good job of it. I had to make a decision and I know that it might not seem like it, but I honestly did what I thought was best for you. But all that aside, I still love you, you’re still my best friend and I still want you to be nothing but happy.”
Tony had gotten used to this. Almost immediately after his Halloween party, not only had Steve become much more sociable towards him, but he’d begun asking the brunet out to lunch on a daily basis. Tony wanted to be wary of this, at first, because it almost seemed too easy. All he did was apologize for the way he’d acted over the past three years, and Steve not only accepted his apology but made an effort to build a friendship. Tony had never dealt with anything like this in his life, and quite honestly, it just seemed a little suspect. He was used to either wearing people down over time, much like he had done with Pepper and Rhodey, or throwing gifts at people until they at least pretended to like him. With Steve...things were different, and Tony didn’t really know what to make of it.
Tony barked out a laugh at that, finally sitting up and pulling Steve’s head into his lap. He ran his hand through blond locks as Steve looked up at him waiting for an answer. “Yes, that's it, exactly,” Tony said, smiling wistfully.
“I’m...I’m sorry, I just got so excited looking at the sonogram and you called it our baby and I just...sorry,” Tony rambled on, only being stopped by Steve taking hold of his face.
“I really want Mr. Rhodes to like me too,” Peter said, folding his hands on the seat in front of him and resting his chin atop them.
“I can’t promise you that I’ll always do the right thing and that I won’t always be a pain in your ass. I also can’t promise you that I won’t be a huge mess sometimes.”
“Bye little Corabelle, I hope Santa brings you everything you wanted this year,” he whispered, leaving a kiss on her forehead as she slept in her car seat. He gingerly closed the door and stood to look up at Steve.
Initially, this plan seemed to work well. The alpha always figured he never needed much sleep to begin with, so it was nice to feel more productive. But, as the days, then the weeks went on, he seemingly became more and more irritable. Those around him could see that something was wrong, but they all just chalked it up to him having a hard time adjusting to all the changes in his life. It is because of this that most people just tip toed around Tony, unless absolutely necessary. He figured out what was going on, but couldn’t be bothered to set anyone straight, since this ultimately afforded him the chance to work uninterrupted.
Steve moved quickly, then, crashing his lips with Tony’s. They navigated their way through the penthouse, stumbling every now and then but refusing to part. By the time they’d made it to the bedroom, their kiss had turned into something more hungry and urgent. Steve took Tony’s bottom lip between his teeth, surprising the alpha. He used that chance to push Tony backwards onto the bed. Tony looked up at him, somewhat shocked, but Steve just smiled.
“I tried, but that asshole Fury wouldn’t let me,” Tony frowned. “So I had to settle with just having him in my classroom, but that’ll be our little secret.” Tony whispered, bumping shoulders with Steve and giving him a wink before returning back to his work station.
“I just want to give him his space, and maybe in time he’ll change his mind about everything,” Tony replied, sadness in his voice.
“Alright, well if you get to hold her while she falls asleep, is it ok if I read her a story?” Tony asked, taking a seat in the rocking chair closest to the little bookshelf that had been filled with some of their favorite books.
“You were doing so well. Why did you stop?” Cora squirmed in her seat. “You don’t have to tell me if you don’t want.”
The sound of Tony’s laughter brought Steve back to the current moment. “Isn’t that insane?” the brunet asked.
“Is there… is there some reason that you don’t want to have sex with me?” Steve asked, sounding somewhat hurt.
It had been four weeks since Steve had found out that he was pregnant, and though the morning sickness was still hitting him full force, and things had been a little rocky between him and his friends in the beginning, things were going relatively well. Returning to Vision and explaining his reasoning for quitting to Coulson was a bit terrifying, but he just dismissed the whole incident with some amount of confusion, which seemed to be most people’s reaction.
Fury narrowed his eye, before closing it and taking a deep breath. Once he let it out, he turned towards one of the men sitting with Natasha. “Barton, you’re up. Need you to come with me so you can help Steve get started on whatever needs doing before the school year starts.”
“Take this information that I found and sort out this shit with Tiberius. Then, work on winning Steve back.” She leaned over to gingerly place a kiss on Tony’s cheek. “You’ll be able to make this right. I know it.”
Tony just busied himself removing everything from the crock pot and dishing a plate for each of them. Once he set the plates on the table, he turned to get them each a glass of water. The alpha sat and watched as Steve began to dig into the plate in front of him. He took a small experimental bite, but once he got a full taste of the roast, his eyes went wide in surprise.
Guys...GUYS! I am SO excited for this chapter, y’all don’t even know! I feel like I should put it out there that this story has slowly but surely taken over all corners of my life and I love it! I don’t think I’ve ever been so utterly in love with anything I’ve written before. Part of that excitement comes from knowing that Clem and I have created a story that not only means something to us, but you guys as well. So thanks to everyone who’s stopped by to read this, or give kudos or comment. We love you all!!!!
They continued on their way to the kitchen, and once there, Steve closed his eyes and breathed in, deeply, to take in the aroma.
“You’re trying to act all noble, like you’re denying this thing that you want because you’re trying to be selfless. You’re just scared. You don’t think you deserve to be happy, so you punish yourself by denying yourself what you want. Well you just need to get over it.”
“Listen, I know that technically you’re not really hurting anyone with what you’re doing, but you’ve got to stop,” Bruce said, walking out of class with Tony a few weeks into the semester. Tony just gave a confused look as they made their way to his car.
“What if I want to make out with you again? What if I want to feel you sitting on my lap again? What if I want to hear all those moaning sounds you made again? Tony, I’m not sorry about what happened last night, and I doubt you are either.”
“If only I was actually in any of your classes this year,” Peter sang as he strolled out of the classroom.
“I don’t know, Natasha! I got caught up in everything and I just...I knew what was at risk but I didn’t care. Every moment I spent with Tony after that was nothing short of amazing.”
“I…” he hadn’t known Clint that long, but who was he going to tell? Bucky would flip shit, Sam wasn’t answering his phone, and Nat would immediately go and tell Bucky, so he was back to square one. “I had sex with my ex-boyfriend last night.”
“Wow… if that’s the number of zeros you get around here for serving your ex, then sign me up,” Clint said, looking at Tony’s receipt in amazement. Steve felt his cheeks heat immediately, as he moved to enter in Tony’s payment information.
They got a booth in the back, where they always sat the people with little kids, and skimmed the menus.
I’ve ever said about this stuff. I didn’t know, Steve. I didn’t know it could be this good!” Tony said, taking another bite and letting an almost sinful moan escape his lips. Steve felt his face warm at the reaction, and had to turn away once Tony looked up from his toast to give a small smirk.
“Well, I know a guy who was able to pull some strings so, with the exception of staff, we’ve got the whole place to ourselves for two hours.”
Steve stood there for a few minutes before stepping aside to let the shorter man into his apartment.
“The question is ‘What gets harder as it gets colder’ and I promise you, nipples is up there,” Tony answered without taking his eyes off the TV. Once someone finally listened to his suggestion, Tony sat on the edge of his seat waiting to see if he was correct. As the screen turned to show the word, he jumped up and began to dance.
“Please stop before you have people out here thinking we’re getting married,” Rhodey said, pinching the bridge of his nose in annoyance.
Over the past few days, Tony had put out feelers to see if there was even a point in trying to win Steve back. He began stopping in the teacher’s lounge for a few minutes at a time when he knew the blond was likely to be there. On the first day, Steve had greeted him and asked how his day had gone. The following day, Steve mentioned a documentary on black holes he’d seen that he thought Tony might like. On day three, Steve asked a question about his ‘67 Camaro while chatting with Clint and Thor, which led to all four of them laughing and joking about their first cars. It felt like old times again, but more than that, it felt like Steve was letting him in again, little by little. It was that knowledge that gave him the courage to go through with Operation Robot Hearts.
Tony kept his eyes on Ty as he walked in. The man was tall, had bright blond hair and piercing blue eyes. He really was a good looking man, and there was a point in time when Tony wouldn’t have been able to deny him anything. But now, looking at that face, Tony felt a strange sense of confidence knowing that there wasn’t a single thing Ty could say or do to control him now.
Steve hadn’t slept a wink. The second Tony deserted him, oh so confused and so very very hard, he just sat there, shocked. Tony had kissed him, but surprisingly enough he pulled Tony back in for another. There was no mistaking what happened last night, and that scared the life out of Steve. He immediately sought out the gym; he had a lot of energy to get rid of thanks to the couch shenanigans and there was no way he was going to finish what Tony started. After about fifteen minutes of relentlessly attacking a punching bag, he had to stop completely. Usually, whenever Steve would have inappropriate thoughts about Tony (and when the hell did THAT become a thing?), he would just got to the gym and punch them out. But for the first time ever, it wasn’t working. He knew, for a while now, that he had strong feelings for Tony that far surpassed wanting to be friends. Half of the reason why he agreed to look after Tony was so he’d have a reasonable excuse to spend ridiculous amounts of time with him. At first Steve tried to fight it; Tony was his team member and his friend, and there was no way that having these feelings would be conducive to their line of work. But day in and day out, Steve would find more and more things about Tony that he found irresistible. Thinking about these things made his pants feel a little tighter; he groaned and decided that maybe a cold shower would be best. Unfortunately, after squirting shampoo in his hand, Steve began thinking about how hot Tony looked straddling him, and how good the brush of Tony’s goatee felt against his face. Before he knew it, Steve’s fist was furiously pumping his cock.
“Keep telling yourself that buddy,” Rhodey replied with a smug smile, “anyway you need to figure that situation out because I'm not about to sit here and watch you line after somebody, like a 15 year old.”
Steve wished he had a picture of the look of pure joy and excitement on his daughter’s face. It was in that moment that he realized that he had nothing to worry about. There was no way this wouldn’t be the best Halloween of Cora’s life.
“Dada m’hungy,” Coraline chirped, throwing her hands up. Steve just smiled down at her before putting her back on the floor and standing to make her a snack.
The brunet slowly leaned in to kiss the man laying in front of him, before resting his forehead against Steve’s. They sate there like that for several minutes, soaking up the bliss of finding out that their baby was a girl. Tony knew that there was no going back after this, but he didn’t care. Sitting there, one thought went through his mind over and over again.
Steve waved his goodbye before focusing on his drawings. The bar was just right across the street so it wouldn’t take long to get there. After another fifteen minutes, he figured it was time to pack up and head over.
Rhodey was clearly stunned, but sighed as he ran his hand over his face. “Wow, okay well you can look it up if you'd like but I'd really suggest getting the story straight from Tony when he’s ready to share it—I definitely preferred flying the AV-8B Harrier II over the other combat aircrafts,” Rhodey finished, quickly nodding over Steve’s shoulder.
Tony was many things, and stupid wasn’t one of them. He knew it was only a matter of time before everyone figured it out, which was half of the reason why he locked himself in his workshop. But he was beginning to miss fresh air, and being bribed with the promise of alcohol was never a bad thing.
Steve looked at Tony fondly as he spoke. The look in his eyes was enough to cause Tony’s cheeks to warm. He cleared his throat just to break eye contact before finally adding, “So...yeah, that's what the big sweater is about.”
breathtakingly gorgeous. Yet here Tony was, all maroon t-shirt and navy cardigan with the sleeves pushed up; hair perfectly tousled and glasses that did nothing but somehow make his bright blues eyes even brighter. Steve wanted to scream, but he settled for rallying the team and getting them off the bus.
Steve stepped aside to let the brunet in. They both stood there, awkwardly, before Steve motioned for Tony to sit at the dining table with him.
Steve?” He asked pointing to the blond before he plucked the notebook out of Clint’s hands. “Oh no, that’s what we won’t be doing today. Unless you want me to figure out how to dock your pay by cutting it in half.” Tony threatened with no venom behind it.
Steve looked at him, beaming. “I think I’m okay with that,” he said before pulling Tony into another kiss.
Tony followed Steve into the kitchen where he watched Steve take down two wine glasses and pour the deep red liquid into it. “Hide it,” Tony instructed once Steve had finished pouring. “Steve, hide the bottle from me.”
Steve knew he wasn’t fooling anyone with that simplification of his relationship but he just didn’t know how to explain his situation. Luckily, the doctor didn’t press the situation any further as he continued on with the examination. Steve sat through everything, mindlessly answering any and all questions, just wanting to be home and so he could sleep the day away, until he heard the sound. There was a somewhat rhythmic thumping that permeated the air around him
“Oh well I uh…” Steve began, stumbling through his words, “he said he tells everyone not to get him anything--”
“I’m just going to use the restroom quickly before our waiter comes. When they do, can you order me a lemon water, please?”
“Well hello to you too!” He laughed, as Steve frantically tried to collect his things before leaving for work. “Anything I should know before you leave me with your pride and joy?” Tony asked, trying his best to stay out of the way.
“Haven’t you heard, Steve? I’m rich, which means I think I can do whatever I want. So if you’re not going to talk, then you’re going to fucking sit here and listen.”
Though he didn't have any close friends who were married, most everyone Tony knew had found their bond mate. In this day and age, once you found your mate, that didn't mean rushing right into marriage and starting a family. It meant you had a sense of security and stability, knowing this person was the one for you.
Steve asked himself. The brunet had become a regular part of his life over the last few weeks, so it seemed important that he tell his mom about the man. As he continued driving, Steve began to wonder, why exactly it was so important that his mother know about Tony. The only reason his brain could rationalize was that it’d be interesting to hear that her son was friends with
Steve stood there silent, visibly fighting with himself on what to say. Tony took the opportunity to cover his ass as best he could.
“Ugh, I’m still feeling sick. I honestly don’t know what’s going on,” Steve answered, carefully sipping the hot drink.
“I guess now would be as good a time as any to just nope the fuck out of this job then, huh?” the blond asked, smiling as he took a swig of his beer.
“What was I supposed to say? I knew you couldn’t see it, but it was obvious that the three of you were becoming the family that we’d always wanted Cora to have. I just knew that she would be better off with you and Tony having primary custody.”
“I just...the only thing I can think of that I did was saying our dinner could be a date, and I figured maybe that made you uncomfortable and I’m sorry. We can stay friends if that’s what you want if it means you’ll come back to Vision.”
“Thank you for sharing this with me, Pepper. I really appreciate it,” Steve said, walking her to the door.
Steve surveyed the room, noticing Natasha sitting at a table with two men, while another stood at the coffee maker. “Listen Sauron, we’ll work harder when you start providing us with real coffee instead of whatever this weak bullshit is,” the man sassed without turning around, just continuing to make his coffee as if he hadn’t just insulted the scariest man Steve had ever met.
“You’re damn right you do,” Bucky yelled, quickly trying to regain his composure. “I’ve never said this before, at least not to you, but Tony is perfect for you--”
“Yeah,” he answered, absently rubbing his much more noticeable belly, “I think it’d be nice to know whether Bug is a boy or a girl.”
“It was naive of me to ever think that this would work, Tony. I’ve been putting my feelings before Cora’s and that has to end now.”
“I don’t understand,” Steve said, “if that bot is as complex as you’ve told me, if it’s capable of doing all that you explained, why are they letting it practically sit back and relax instead of using it to win?”
“No one banished you to your classroom, Tony. You can come in and spend time there while still respecting what Steve said.”
Tiberius was known for doing a lot of things; giving up the chance to gloat about something wasn’t one of them. If he said Steve wasn’t part of this idiotic, convoluted plan, then Tony knew Steve didn’t have anything to do with it.
and Tony was trying his best to mentally prepare for it while also defending himself against Steve’s light teasing.
“Like I said earlier, I’ve been under the weather, so I feel like soup would help. But I also always have to get spring rolls whenever they’re on the menu. They’re my absolute favorite.”
The genuine look of confusion on Ty’s face gave way to one of understanding after a moment. “Is Steve that buff blond you've been hanging around? You think I hired him to…” Ty suddenly burst into laughter before he could finish his thought.
Steve nestled himself under the covers, letting the warmth of the blankets wash over him as the exhaustion from the day started to set in. “Good night Tony. Thanks for everything,” Steve muttered. As his eyes began to feel heavier and heavier, the last thing Steve remembered was hearing the click of the light switch.
“So, you’re pregnant,” Tony said, trying out the words for himself, but still having a hard time believing it.
“Dibs on putting her down so you have to clean up the mess!” Tony shouted, scooping Cora up and running into her room. She giggled and kicked wildly. Tony had never loved a person (who wasn’t Steve) as much as he loved Coraline. This little girl was going to be the end of him.
At the moment, though, it felt like Rhodey was the worst enemy Tony had ever encountered. As the man continued to look at him expectantly, Tony’s scowl deepened.
Tony faltered at the question, but recovered quickly. Steve wouldn’t have even noticed the slight stutter in his movement if not for the fact that he was already so hyper aware of Tony in the first place. “Oh, well I uh…” he stammered.
“Steve and I haven’t been together that long, but the time that I’ve spent with Coraline has been wonderful and I intend to spend much more time with her. At this point in my relationship with her, I cannot say I know her well enough to know the little things about her. However, I do know she has her mom’s hair and her dad’s eyes. Peek-a-boo is her favorite and she loves to grab onto Steve’s nose, which is a pretty big nose, sorry babe. But those are surface things and I want to know more. I look forward to spending more time with her; I look forward to learning who she is.” There was a silence once he finished speaking. Tony looked around at Steve’s friends. Had that been a decent answer?
Steve felt like his head was swimming as he tried to process the words Tony had spoken. “I...you...what?”
“You’re so fucking beautiful, Steve, so perfect, so good,” Tony rambled. “God, you’re so tight, gonna make me cum so deep in your hole. Fuck…
“Alright well mama’s gotta go, noodle, but be good for your daddy okay? I love you,” Peggy said, blowing a kiss at the screen. Cora tried mimicking the gesture, before waving.
“Well, you’re a very talented artist, Corabelle. In fact, I think you might give your daddy a run for his money some day.”
Steve jumped at the sudden sound of someone knocking on his window. He looked up to see Sam, dressed as the Earth planeteer, smiling down at him. Steve rolled down his window and gave a weary smile up at his friend.
"That is a pretty solid way to get what you want," Steve answered, sipping the tea and taking a moment to savor the sweet taste that rolled over his tongue.
“I’m really sorry about the way things turned out today,” Steve said for what felt like the billionth time.
how much I like you. I told everyone about you, Peggy included. The night before I agreed to go out on a date with you, she’d yelled at me. She told me that if I liked someone as much as I like you I shouldn’t let anything get in my way. She said it was obvious that you liked me back. So… I agreed.”
Steve tried not to stare, but he continuously found that he couldn’t take his eyes off of Tony. Even while eating, his movements seemed so fluid and graceful. Steve couldn’t help but wonder what it would be like to draw this man in motion.
“Here you are,” He said, placing the drinks on the table. “Are you two ready to order, or do you need a moment?” Steve made a point not to look at Tony, though the death glare he received when he looked at Pepper wasn’t much better.
Hey, this is a little note from Clementine. Both Emily and I are going to be hella busy the next few weeks, so this'll be the last chapter for awhile. I'm moving back to school and I'm going to have to get used to my new classes, dance auditions, choreographing for dance, and a billion other things. Then it's my birthday and blah blah blah. So, yeah. This one'll have to last you for awhile.
Once dinner was completely cooked and plated, Tony heard a knock at the door, right at 8. He dried his hands on a kitchen towel as he made his way to the front door.
A smile spread on his face, watching his friends take this all in. On the outside everything seemed so grand and so fantastic, and it was, but Steve knew that there was more to Tony than just this. He couldn’t wait for his friends to learn that too. They parked and made their way up to the front door, where they were greeted by a very well dressed, lovely redhead.
Steve found himself briskly walking from the gym to the science wing. He was really hoping that if he moved fast enough, he’d be able to catch Tony before he left for the day. Steve had gotten tied up earlier, getting ready for his post lunch class, and completely missed lunch. He’d had a knot in his stomach just thinking about Tony possibly sitting there waiting for him, thinking that he’d been stood up. He had to explain himself and hope that the brunet would accept his apology. Steve rounded the corner walking towards the science classrooms, to see Tony locking his door. As he turned around, he jumped, clearly startled to see Steve.
“Uh...thanks?” Steve replied, still thoroughly confused as to who he was talking to. He rode down in silence, heart beating quickly in his chest.
Steve gave a small nervous smile before nodding and taking the tool offered to him. Tony stood back, giving instruction but making sure to let Steve do all the work as he removed a panel and triggered the ‘on’ setting. He beamed at completing such a small task, and before Tony could think better of it, he placed his hand at the top of Steve’s shoulder, squeezing lightly as a form of praise. For a second, it seemed as though Steve had to stop himself from preening at the gesture.
Tony looked at the sonogram for a moment, letting it all sink in, and suddenly, without thinking, he took Steve’s face in his hands and kissed him. Though the blond was taken by surprise, it didn’t take long for him to return the kiss. But almost as quickly as it began, Tony pulled back, now thinking better of himself.
“I’d say it’s more so the last two than anything else. I mean I’ve found men attractive before, but never anything like this. It’s just startling that I didn’t see any of it coming. But now after that dream...I don’t know, I feel like that’d be something I might want?”
Steve dramatically threw himself face first into Bucky’s couch, and began to sulk. The more he thought about this Halloween party, the more worried he became. Tony had never extended an invitation to one of his holiday parties before, so why now? Steve didn’t want to think so little of his colleague, but a big part of him was terrified that this was all a plan for Tony to embarrass him in some way.
“I mean...literally everyone,” Natasha answered under her breath. She gave Tony a moment to catch his breath before gesturing for him to continue.
Steve’s hands seemed to move lightning fast, as he poured lube into his palm, but the second he took his and Tony’s cock in one hand, everything slowed to a screeching halt. Between the smooth velvety feel of Tony’s cock both in his hand and pressed firmly against his own, Steve had to will himself not to come right then and there.
“I fight for a lot of things I want. You were there the night I fought Clint for the last slice of meat lover’s pizza!”
Yep, Natasha and Pepper were practically the exact same person. It wasn’t long before Tony’s drink was brought out. Once it was placed in front of him, he took a sip, taking a moment to savor the flavor and aroma.
Steve hadn’t thought much about the fact that the subject matter at hand was pretty personal, but upon hearing Bucky’s suggestion, he agreed. He moved to take a seat on the couch, hoping the taller man would do the same.
That wasn’t going to work. The more he thought about it, nothing was going to work, so Steve resolved that once this was all over, he’d explain what happened, he and Tony would have a good laugh, and things would be back to normal. Except for the fact that once he started thinking about the alpha he couldn’t stop.
“Whatever you feel like making,” Tony replied, honestly feeling too drained to actually figure out the answer to the bartender’s question.
“This!” Steve thrust a receipt in Tony’s direction. “You cannot keep coming in here and leaving me these kinds of tips. This is my job, Tony, if you want to try to throw money at me, do it somewhere else.”
Steve rolled his eyes and gave an exasperated smile. “Give me a few minutes, and I'll meet you in your classroom with real food for you.”
“If you ever need anything, for the baby or otherwise, don’t ever hesitate to ask. All of Tony’s friends and I are here for you.”
I can't believe the sheer number of thoughtful comments we got on the previous chapter. It means so much that y'all want to communicate with us while we write this. Continue to leave those comments and kudos. They really do make our day.
