Steve wakes with a slight jolt to the sound of his name.
'Hi Rhodey!' Pete beams.
'Bucky?' he blurts in surprise.
*          *          *
*                                  *                                  *
'They're at the Stark Industries store,' he hands back Clint's phone. 'Do you know where that is?'
'I strive to out perform my original programming,' Jarvis deadpans.
'I missed you,' Steve tells him, 'but I got a lot of reading done and managed to order myself art supplies from the internet.'
Steve feels sick.
‘Hey, Cap,’ Tony barely looks up; he’s come to expect Steve’s visits now.
Pete glances at his father and swallows his mouthful of waffle,
'Would you go and get that for me, darling?' he pats Steve's shoulder. 'I'm not exactly dressed.'
Pete blinks open his eyes and looks around,
'Have you been playing with your Dada?' she tries
'This was maybe one of your better weeks?' she smiles. 'Your announcement earlier this week has gone across very well. The Arc Reactor rollout has a lot of people very excited, what can you tell us?'
Bruce is pleasant company when Steve sees him, but he’s holed up in one of the labs and Steve gets the impression he isn’t really welcome there. So Steve spends his time elsewhere half worrying that Tony is going to turn up and demand he pays his rent and then reminding himself that Tony is a billionaire and probably isn’t sure what rent is.
Steve bites his lip; there are so many things Tony could be deciding right now that would need him to talk to the three of them. He could be resigning from SI, or from the Avengers, he could be restarting weapons manufacturing, or moving to one of his other many houses. He could be about to tell everyone that actually he is still dying.
*          *          *
'Weren't there people fitting a carpet today?' Steve asks him after a brief pause.
The little boy finally lifts his head away from Tony's neck and stares at Steve, apparently looking at his suit.
Tony should never sound like that.
'Dada...'
‘I know, love,’ Tony retorts and rests against Hulk’s arm. ‘Do you need us back up there?’
He shakes his head and hopes he isn't blushing as he hurries away.
'Hey,' Tony slips under the sheets and starts pressing kisses to Steve's neck.
'Too busy to have fun,' he winks.
It’s not Steve’s
Just editing the next chapter so that should be up shortly. :)
'I agreed the permitted names with Rhodey over a decade ago,' Tony makes his excuse, still watching Steve. 'I had a bit of a hero worship thing going on; you can blame Howard.'
'What can I do to help?' she looks worried.
*                                  *                                  *
'Tony? Oh my...' he can feel a gentle stroking to his cheek. 'Tony?'
'That doesn't mean...'
Ok, now Steve's kneeling at his feet...
He hurls his shield at another man trying to flank Tony from the side away from Hulk and catches it on the rebound as he spins to check behind them.
The reason why is actually what has stopped him from appreciating any of the view before him.
Tony gives Steve a little push to make him sit back on the sofa and then kicks his pants and boxers off from around his ankles to curl into Steve's arms. He pulls Steve into a filthy kiss and licks the trail of come from the corner of his mouth.
'Is this going to be another situation where I remind you what sort of doctor I actually am?' Bruce looks over. 'Oh, hello.'
'Wow!' Pete sits on the floor as his gift opens up to be a long knife in an elegantly crafted scabbard.
'Goodnight, Jay,' he lays down facing the sleeping boy.
'You need coffee.'
Which isn't to say he was glued to Tony's side the entire night, but he may have found it difficult to look away on occasions.
'I'm getting food sent to the communal floor for dinner,' Tony tells him. 'I need to introduce Pete to the others. You'll be there?'
'Oh, come on,' he turns around and wields a spatula at them, 'not you too, Bruce!'
'Jarvis, what's the time?'
'Did you just select a cuddly version of my shield?'
Steve smiles as he follows him,
Steve gets out of bed without doing either of those things.
'You make that sound like an insult,' Steve remembers how to speak. 'Good morning, Ms Potts.'
'I'm guessing he didn't tell you,' she looks at the photo again.
‘What happened?’ Tony turns to look at them and so displays his back to the Hulk.
'Ok,' he drags Pete's bike over to the car and manages to get it into the trunk one handed while Pete still clings to him. 'In you go,' he adds as he puts Pete into the back of the car and works out the seat belt.
'If I fall asleep on you poke me until I make it to my room?' Tony requests as he settles himself and his son against Steve's chest.
Today is mostly the same, except for one obvious difference.
'Ran up an enormous phone bill because I left the line open all week,' Tony climbs into bed beside his son. 'Don't think that I don't know that you're distracting me.'
Bruce gives him a faint smile,
, in how much I... like you.'
Hulk is moving off towards the gunfire before Steve can argue.
'Well, good morning Ms Potts,' Tony stretches and gets out of bed.
'What do you mean
*          *          *
'Starks don't cheat,' Pete informs him gravely.
'I made a picture for Dada,' Pete puts down his brush.
'He was dead for a while,' Tony adds quietly, 'and he was critical for longer, but he was stable before I returned to Malibu.'
'Captain,' Jarvis breaks the silence, 'may I speak with you?'
Tony is beginning to get a bad feeling about this.
'I fed you,' Tony points out. 'And you live rent free in the middle of New York.'
Steve doesn’t flinch, but his hands tighten on each other,
'Something must have set her off,' Tony just sounds defeated, 'and she definitely resented me.'
Tony makes an obscene noise as he inhales the rising vapour.
‘What’s wrong?’ Steve knows he sounds panicked, but this is the first time Tony has ever even pointed out an injury let alone decided to go to medical.
'You can't put a 3D hologram on the wall,' Steve tells him stubbornly.
'Oh,' Steve makes a strange sound as Tony settles himself under his arm, 'hi?'
'Peter is leading you in the correct direction, Captain,' Jarvis confirms.
He looks over as Steve makes a strange noise in his throat.
This probably needs editing once I've had some sleep but I'm posting it now because I've put it off for too long..
'Thanks,' Steve fidgets.
'Ok! Ok.
And then he realises what he just said.
'You need to have your nap, Pete,' he smiles.
'I'm close,' he manages to send.
'I blame you for this,' Steve informs him and sits cross legged on his couch and out of the reach of Pete's car.
‘You left him on his own?’ she snaps at him as she pushes passed him and through the door to Tony’s room. ‘He hates hospitals; you can’t let him wake up here alone. Do you understand?
Tony tugs down Steve's sleep pants and licks a swipe across his navel,
A short chapter to apologise for my previous absence :-)
'If it goes off in my face?' Tony drawls, 'no. With a couple of hundred meters I'll be fine and the suit can go supersonic if I need it to.'
'Tony?' Steve may have said his name a couple of times.
'Of course you do,' she sighs and walks into his closet. 'Black or grey?'
Tony blinks in surprise and smiles before waggling a finger at Bruce,
By tucking his head under Steve's chin he can access extremis unnoticed. Dummy greets him as he looks at his messages himself. Jarvis is right; even in his deleted messages there are none that match the two in question.
‘Welcome, sir,’ Jarvis greets him. ‘There is ice at the bar or would you like me to activate the coffee machine?’
'Do you think so?' Tony's eyes have slid shut.
'It's need to know,' Fury grits out.
'He hung up on me...' he stares at the phone and then at his team mate.
Tony can't think of anything to say.
'This one as a hook on the back,' he shows Thor. 'That means it can fix the other ones if they break.'
‘How do I fix it?’ Steve swallows and straightens his shoulders gamely.
'Right, thanks Jay,' Tony gets up. 'Come on, kiddo, to the table.'
‘Jarvis, where’s Tony?’ Steve asks just after lunch and rakes his fingers though his hair.
Pete decides pretty quickly that Thor and Clint are brilliant.
'Promise me, Tony.'
'I just can't leave you alone, can I?' Rhodey shakes his head as they step off the lift.
'Won't happen,' Tony dismisses. 'I'll start compounding pudding names and random, vaguely appropriate, nouns. You could be creamkitten or strawberrysoldier or jellypet...'
'Nah, nothing that advanced,' Tony dismisses. 'Except maybe it is but different. I didn't expect them to remain in my body after I'd been healed and maybe they won't but honestly right now I'd like them to and maybe that'll have a bearing on this...'
‘Yeah?’ he can only imagine what the Master Suite must be like.
'Yes Mister Stark,' the man jolts.
'I gave him the Da Vinci,' he admits.
‘Famous last words…’ Clint mutters as Hulk shifts his weight.
It should be noted that Tony is pretty much the only person except Betty Ross that doesn’t react negatively, at all, to the presence of Hulk.
This is killing him.
'Oh,' Pete rubs at his eyes. 'Ok,' he settles against Tony's chest.
Attentive is probably the best way to describe Steve after they've showered.
One hand grips at the sheets below him while the other flies to Tony's head and tangles in his hair. He tries very hard not to thrust upwards dispite the incredible things Tony seems to be able to do with his tongue and manages to keep himself to a gentle rocking. At one point he forces himself to let go of Tony's head as it must be poor etiquette but Tony catches his wrist and moves him back.
'Alright,' Steve replies quietly and keeps his eyes glued to the screen.
'A gift from sir,' Jarvis tells him.
''May I',' Jarvis corrects into his earpiece. 'Sir, Captain Rogers is in the hallway and wants to know if you wish him to enter.'
'Captain,' Jarvis persists regardless, 'I consider you one of the few friends I have, but sir is my creator. He is my father.'
'Alright, do you have a working prototype?'
Steve pulls him back into a hug that has his face tucked against the bare skin of his friend's neck.
'Huh,' Tony rolls his shoulders.
'Probably,' he agrees as he lets Pete down. Pete clambers onto a chair beside Steve to watch what he's doing. 'I haven't been here much since Dad died. This all dates from back then.'
(See the end of the chapter for
‘I’ve known I’m attracted to you for weeks!’ Steve blurts.
'Right,' the man nods, 'ok. Who's your Dad then?'
'God, Tony,' Steve takes hold of his hand. 'What did you do?'
'Yeah,' Tony shrugs, 'I figured James was a name we'd agree on seeing as it's the name of both of our best friends, but if you want to...'
‘Tony…’
'Doubt it,' Tony sits down and pours himself a glass of wine. 'She's only just got here and she always has things to do when she arrives. I'll see her later.'
'Ah, leave it to my son to win over the most advanced AI in the world with a pencil drawing.'
'And will they be coming to the Gala in the week?'
'He's yours!' Tony finally manages to blurt and then mentally kicks himself.
'What's your point, kiddo?' he shifts Pete a little on his hip.
‘Yeah you did,’ Tony looks at it for a long moment.
'Making the holes for Jarvis' sensors,' Tony gestures vaguely with the tiny drill in his hand. 'Once I have them all made I can insert the sensor net and then I have to install the induction charging under the floors above. Pepper made me promise not to rip anything out of the way...'
‘The medical bay of the helicarrier,’ Steve tells him helpfully.
'Sure.'
While they eat they talk about what they did during the day. Steve, perfect specimen that he is, sits with rapt attention as Pete tells him all about using a real screwdriver to screw real screws into a scrap of wood in the workshop.
Tony's expression turns serious again,
'No, Tony's working,' he helps Pete into his chair as Alfred huffs.
'James,' she smiles at him from where she's seated with a couple of tablets and an open laptop.
He knew he could never have Tony, so why does this hurt so much?
'Here we are,' he says and wraps his hand around Steve as he climbs back onto his lap.
'Good point.'
‘Of course I am.’
'You worked out your problem...' Steve hums happily and pulls Tony with him as he rolls onto his back.
'Guys?'
'You have had a large adjustment to make in these last four days,' Jarvis continues. 'Knowing you will be bound to the Captain through a child for the rest of your lives is not something easy to accept. I was confident, however, that you would always have chosen to tell him well before your deadline.'
'You don't have a secret identity,' Clint points out as he shoots another flurry of arrows.
Pepper blinks in surprise,
He's dropped to his knees on the floor of the Quinjet and pressing a hand to his bowed head.
‘Alright, no medical,’ Steve agrees reluctantly with the closest thing to a medic they have on the team; he’s mostly just glad Tony hasn’t taken off.
'I may have miscalculated a little.'
'Because he lost you,' Tony presses a kiss to his son's head. 'I can't lose you, Pete.'
The communal floor is abuzz with suppressed curiosity when they arrive. Pete curls close against Tony’s chest as the other Avengers all turn to gaze at them.
'Hello, Peter,' Jarvis greets him and the lights turn up. 'You are in the guest room on the communal floor. Prince Thor and Agent Barton are just outside, shall I notify them?'
'We would have never just let him go on his own,' Clint continues, 'and you can't blame us for...'
'Oh, umm, I'll have the same as Tony?' he glances back to Pepper.
'Dunno,' Pete's lip trembles and he sniffs. 'The man will tell you; the man knows where we are.'
'Here,' Steve sits down beside him holding two plates. 'I made you a sandwich; I know the bots aren't the best at making you meals.'
'Three minutes past seven.'
Tony smiles until the lift door closes between them. He leans against the wall and sighs,
'Oh,' she doesn't look convinced but accepts her coffee without complaint.
The light jolts as its owner stumbles, it sways in place for a moment before lurching back into motion.
'Do you know anyone who might be interested in hooking up with a blond super soldier?' Natasha asks.
'It shouldn't work that way,' Tony throws up his hands. 'None of what you just said should be possible.'
'I think some of the things in this kitchen might be as old as I am,' Steve searches through some cupboards.
‘How long?’ Natasha asks again.
Steve hugs him close and presses his face into Tony's neck as they both calm down.
'Me and Pete?' Tony realises how often he's glancing at his son. 'We're fine.'
'That all sounds very complicated,' Steve blinks.
'I want steak on the flight,' Tony continues.
'Cap,' Pete gazes up at him and fidgets.
'Rogers, you lost my son,' his tone is horrifyingly calm.
Steve laughs,
'Won't you be tired?' Steve prompts.
Steve groans in despair,
'Favourite, huh?' he laughs and presses a kiss to Pete's hair. 'Your favourite maybe.'
'Your clothes,' he uses his grip on Tony's t-shirt to pull it off.
The lift starts upwards without them saying anything and Tony runs a hand through his hair. At the penthouse he's off and down the corridor towards his bedroom almost before the doors have opened all the way.
'I should have brought you with me,' is the reply.
‘You’re dangerously close to no longer being able to keep things from me,’ Tony grins at him.
'Yes,' Steve tells him. 'He wants to make sure you're always safe.'
'How long do we have? Can you get it out of here?' Steve demands as he ducks a wild swing from a new opponent.
'No, the Avengers are a team; we look out for each other.'
Steve obeys without thinking and blushes as he does so.
*                                  *                                  *
Steve thinks.
His report goes forgotten.
*                                  *                                  *
'Would you like to see the menu?' Pepper looks amused.
'This is the same game I played when I took the risk with Pepper; I'm actually trying to be more mature now. Do you realise what could have happened if Pep held a grudge when we broke up?'
, Mr Stark,’ Pepper retorts with a fond smile.
'Ok, let's look at this another way; why only me?'
'He was up late with Jarvis,' Steve manages to slip his arm away from Tony and sit up. 'Come on, we'll get some breakfast and come back for your Dada later, ok?'
'Steve,' Tony runs his fingers through his hair soothingly. 'Sweetheart, it's going to be fine. I've got the best doctors money can buy and I've been over the procedure dozens of times with Jarvis. I had this thing put in in a cave; they're going to be able to take it out in the best hospital in the world.'
'Planes go in hangers,' Pete tells the archer with a quick glance at Tony.
'You... I saw...'
'Here,' Tony reappears, brandishing an elephant, and immediately has a three and a half year old attached to his legs. 'Pete?'
Tony is still sprawled on Steve's sofa in his clothes from the day before,
Steve just laughs as reaches passed him for a towel,
'Nice, Cap,' Clint appears on the other side of the lab.
'I swear this will never happen again,' Steve has one hell of a moping face. 'I'll never let go of his hand, I'll wear one of those bizarre headsets that you have or Jarvis can just come with us and...'
'Steve...'
'Don't pretend you think Steve is anything like Stane.'
'Hey, Tony,' he smiles back and lets Tony usher him across the room and puts the box down where indicated.
‘If you’d just stay at medical then I wouldn’t have to come and bother you,’ Steve points out reasonably.
'Pete is going to be there,' Tony points out. 'Have you heard the term 'kidnapping risk'?'
Tony merely grunts.
'Just a thought.
What does it say about Tony's belief in his partner that he would learn this information, assume that Steve knows it too, but never mention it? Does he really think Steve would be angry with him for finding out?
PS not to be smug about my own fic, but isn't it interesting how both parties can think everything is fine when we know it really, really isn't?
'Steve,' Tony says in quiet wonder, 'Dummy says hello.'
'Good,' she stops at the door to the conference room. 'Ready?'
'I'm guessing you have some stuff to deal with, with Tony,' Bruce adds mildly.
'He isn't going to hurt me,' Tony scowls at him. 'Come on, Cap. You must know he isn't like that.'
‘I don’t… I’m sorry, Tony, I don’t know what…’
The little boy just stares at him with big brown eyes.
This story topped 1k kudos during the week, not to mention all the wonderful/helpful/inspiring reviews; I love you all :D
'I have no idea,' Steve agrees. 'But nothing's been blown up so...' he shrugs even though they can't see it.
'We're grateful,' Steve tells him earnestly, 'for everything you do for us. I'm sure we'll all do anything we can to help with your sons.'
'Tony, I know you have the emotional maturity of a golf ball but you've got to realise how this will hurt him.'
‘Magic has messed with my brain, Cap,’ Steve’s heart does not do summersaults at the sound of the nickname. ‘I’m unimpressed.’
'Nature verses nurture,' Tony's expression ignites with his anger before collapsing back with a sigh. 'They couldn't be sure what made me into me so they kept everything as close to the same as they could.'
'Are you seriously going to leave without speaking to me?' Steve asks quietly.
Tony can't help grinning at him,
'I don't know what you...' Steve cuts himself off with a heavy swallow as Tony presses his dampened finger behind his balls. A soft 'Oh' is all he offers.
'I suspect Captain Rogers would believe you were asking him out if you gave him flowers.'
Dummy hums in the back of his mind and turns his own attention back to monitoring the workshop.
'Yeah, they are,' Steve grins. 'Do you want a shirt?'
Watching his friend casually overdose on caffeine as he forces himself to work through his exhaustion isn't his idea of fun.
‘I’m…? Umm, yes please?’
'Of course,' he earns a smile. 'Do you want to come in?’
'There's a next present,' she doesn't even make it a question. 'Yes, Tony; if you aren't going to speak to him, you at least have to write to the man.'
‘The poison wasn’t a poison. Well, it was. Definitely a poison. But also, it had something in it that’s attacking the reactor casing.’
'You aren't going away?'
'What about when he was kidnapped?' Steve asks quietly.
His bots are the best babysitters.
'Not really. I'd just like to...' he waves his hand vaguely.
'Beautifully put, sir,' Jarvis replies dryly.
'Christ Tony,' Steve gives up and buries his red face in his hands with a laugh.
'Hey,' he shakes his head, 'no. Not because of yesterday. Not because of you. Just a lot on my mind.'
‘Good,’ Steve smiles.
‘Are you feeling ok, Tony?’ Steve presses. ‘Should I call a doctor?’
'Hmm?' the sound comes from around the tablet Tony has in his mouth.
Tony sits down on the sofa with another mug of coffee cradled to his chest. Steve sits beside him so he has a good excuse to avert his eyes.
But yes, Pepper can hand Tony things.
‘I didn’t really have anywhere else to go,’ he states bluntly, refusing to back away from meeting Tony’s gaze as he admits it.
Steve returns to his floor and settles down opposite the tv with his sketchbook so he can doodle when he isn't gazing longingly at the other man.
'Tony, please...'
'Because if this is a passing crush for Steve then this is a terrible time for it to manifest.'
'That'll be all, Ms Potts,' they smiles affectionately at each other and Pepper goes so far as to press a kiss to Tony's hair before she retreats to her room.
'You might consider using the monstrosity to your left,' Alfred gestures to a very out of place looking chrome coffee machine, 'if you desire coffee rather than tea.'
'You were working,' Steve shakes his head, 'and you were happy. I didn't want to interrupt.'
'Apart from my kid, Pepper is the most important person in my life. I wouldn't get anywhere near as much done without her.'
'Please tell me you told him?' she puts down her tablet.
'Whoops,' Tony's grinning, 'let's turn the speed down,' he adjusts a dial and the car is suddenly under control. 'Sorry, Cap.'
It feels as if a sudden burst of warmth has arrived in his chest and before he realises what he's doing he's pulled Tony into a hug,
‘Well, you have basically plastered yourself to me.’
'Right,' he doesn't look convinced. 'You do need to tell him about Jim.'
He runs his hands through Tony's hair and feels the man hum in pleasure.
Clint spends a good minute remembering how to breathe as Steve avoids looking anyone in the eye.
'All is well,' Thor just laughs, 'that is merely your arm becoming used to such activity and becoming stronger!'
Steve offers a weak smile before being instructed on what he has to do to help defeat the army of evil cars.
‘The strength of the signal is decreasing,’ Jarvis adds after Tony’s interruption. ‘I calculate it should cease altogether in six days and hypothesize sir’s memory should return at that time.’
'Of course,' Pepper shakes her head.
'Tony?!' he reaches immediately to grasp at the suit. The gauntlets are still framing his face and the faceplate is flipped back to reveal the very worried, very alive, Anthony Stark.
Steve hopes he isn’t blushing,
'You mean the Hulk?'
Please let this work.
'I didn't think you needed to know!' Tony blurts.
that Steve is avoiding him, which is unlikely, or Tony is avoiding Steve right back.
'No...' Tony tries to shake off the strange feeling.
Steve laughs because he's a terrible person.
'I don't think we'd be a good match,' Steve summons up a smirk, 'do you?'
The kid doesn't even have the decency to look anything other than wide awake.
'I would...' his mind is still spinning. 'I'd move in with him. We'd raise the boys together...' he falters before finally admitting 'I'd marry him, if he'd have me.'
'Sir, that is Captain Rogers.'
Now he can see what Thor is doing.
'Open your mouth,' Tony's eyes are practically black with arousal as he rubs his tip against Steve's tongue. 'Just.. licking is good.' Steve's eyes slip shut as he closes his lips around Tony and starts rubbing against him with his tongue.
'No, no, it's fine. I've just... Err... gained a little something extra. Jarvis is looking into it.'
'Oh,' Pete sits up and looks around. 'Where's my sword?'
They don’t listen back over the comm. recording that day.
mutual. Just as soon as I realised she wasn't happy.'
'Yeah,' Tony's already heading for the lift. 'Save that, Jay.'
'Well...' Steve bites his lip.
'I guess,' Tony scowls at his tablet.
'Goodnight, Pete,' he tells him quietly.
Tony reaches out but he clutches his present to his chest,
'You're devastatingly gorgeous like this,' Tony tells him. 'Maybe it's another superpower.'
Natasha gazes at him for a moment,
‘How long will the reactor keep working for?’ Steve tightens his grip on the controls.
'Are you sad, Cap?' Pete gazes up at him.
'We got along all right,' Steve replies. 'But we were at war at the time. And we were overseas.'
‘Thanks, Jarvis.’
'Laying the table,' Natasha tells him as she walks closer. 'Hello, little one.'
Steve groans obediently and his hips rock upwards,
He shrugs and looks away.
'A hundred muffins are on order, sir.'
'Anything you want, darlin'.'
'James Steven Stark,' Tony tells him, watching him intently. 'He isn't born yet.'
I'll add a tag if necessary.
This is all he needs to get the roll out going, he grins, soon all his facilities can be on arc reactor power. After that he can start supplying energy to other nearby facilities and beyond.
These women never like Pepper...
She nods in acknowledgement,
'You want to know your son,' Tony nods, 'I get that.'
There's a moment of silence as she smiles at him,
'Pancakes are better,' Pete tells him.
After giving Bruce directions, and hanging up, Steve orders them a couple of drinks. He gazes at the picture until the chair across from him is pulled out and Bruce sits down.
'I do,' Tony gets a knot in his stomach as he realises that costume was his. 'So you're Captain America now?'
‘Tony, it’s Steve,’ he reaches out slowly to clasp Tony’s shoulder when he sees recognition dawn in the other’s eyes.
How does he continuously find idiotic things to say to Tony?
'You could make her her own floor,' Steve tries to repress his grin.
'I'm good, thanks Tony,' Steve smiles. He glances around, 'where's your... son?'
'Right, that answers that then.'
'I didn't think she'd take a car!'
‘I told you that you’d miss me! You should have come with.’
On the screen Tony breaks into a beautiful grin,
'Sure,' he shrugs again before waving Steve to a free sofa and fetching a decanter and two tumblers from the cabinet on the wall. 'Here,' he pours two generous measures and hands one over to Steve.
Steve grips it reflexively,
'An enchantment is placed upon the blade,' Thor adds with a knowing smile. 'It cannot be drawn if the intention of the wielder is to play.'
'That's true,' Pepper wrinkles her nose. 'But...'
'You are so sweet.'
‘Stark?’ the agent sounds confused, ‘he isn’t here. He said he had work to do? The Director was furious when he got that message.’
He presses himself firmly against Steve as the soldier shivers. The soldier turns to hug him close and presses his face into Tony's neck. He's slowly regaining control of his breathing.
It’s later when he thinks back over their interactions and realises that of course he has seen people hand things to Tony. He’ll pay closer attention in the future.
'You know there's a difference between knowing I can trust him and actually being able to do it,' Tony absently brings up a couple of holograms and then dismisses them. 'He's my kid, Rhodey; I can't let Steve take him.'
'My room?'
'Cap?
He has never had the best of track records following Pepper's rules.
'Of course, Ms Potts.'
Tony grins widely as Clint chokes on his mouthful,
'You took apart the Lamborghini?' Rhodey looks aghast.
Tony is there when he gets back.
The picture he has of Jim is already soft at the corners where he keeps pulling it out of his wallet.
'You're a genius,' Pete tells him confidently.
'Couldn't you call Doctor Richards?' Steve suggests.
'Dada?' his face is patted.
Steve's heart may have melted.
Tony skips out on going to medical.
‘No memories back then?’ Steve asks lamely.
(See the end of the chapter for
‘He’s an AI. Artificial Intelligence. He started out life as a program but now he’s completely sentient.’
'Clint! Language!' Steve scolds quietly.
Pete considers that; he likes the one with stars because it glows in the dark.
'Dada?' Pete pats his face. 'Do you need coffee?'
'Eat your pasta, Tony.'
'Hmm,' Tony pats his partner's abs without replying.
Steve runs after him down the corridor and into what looks like a large laboratory. Equipment has been toppled over and piled into the middle of the room to make a circular barricade; the remaining AIM operatives start shooting from behind it.
'Tony...'
'Spend several days in bed with Steve, I hear ya Jay.'
'Women make this choice all the time,' Tony tells her. 'I'm trusting you not to tell him.'
‘Ok!’
‘I don’t have that much time,’ Tony mutters as he glances at Pepper who’s still sleeping on the bed. He looks at Steve, ‘I need to overload the reactor while it’s still in my chest. It will destroy the virus before burning out but then I’ll need a whole new chest piece.’
'Come on, I'm taking you to bed.'
‘I didn’t freak out.’
Tony rolls his shoulders and scrolls down the numbers again,
'You have no idea,' Natasha calls him on it.
'Come for me, Steve.'
'I...' Clint is clearly already regretting trying to argue with Tony about this.
‘No thanks,’ he smiles. ‘I was thinking of going to get some food. Do you want to come with me?’
'No?'
'Dada?' he tries to go and find Dada but Thor is holding him.
The only response he gets is Tony kicking off his sheet but he takes it as a yes.
Steve’s mind screeches to a halt.
'Shall I inform Doctor Richards of your success, sir?'
'Did he know about her?' Steve's casual tone is completely at odds with how every muscle in his back is tensed.
‘I like you better!’
'The deadline is his sixth birthday,' Tony reminds her, 'I can tell Cap before that if I think it's a good time.'
‘Ms… I mean, Pepper? I told you Tony was fine now?’
Tony considers him for a moment,
'He's gorgeous, isn't he J,' Tony smiles.
Steve chokes out a laugh and then tears are streaming down his face. He makes a gasping sobbing noise and presses his face against Tony’s neck.
‘Too soon?’ Tony relaxes a little now Steve has wiped away his tears.
'That's great!' Tony's still grinning. 'Cap, Pete, you can finally meet my other best friend and the guy that should definitely be your favourite uncle.'
He looks at the shiny watches through the window.
'I never meant for him to be hurt.'
He tries to stop her, sometimes, but it always ends up hurting more.
Clint and Natasha are both in off-duty mode so they have nothing to do other than hang around the TV or the gym or the kitchen and suddenly if Steve wants to reliably have an hour just for himself he has to retreat to his own floor.
'Jarvis, did Cap really imply that he isn't good enough for me?'
‘I kept things from you, I nearly died, or possibly I did, and I kissed you. Those are all pretty good reasons to be angry.’
'What time is it?' Tony mashes his face into his pillow.
‘Yeah, right,’ Tony takes a sudden step back. ‘My brain is far too valuable a resource for me to let any random SHIELD minions anywhere near it.’
'Oh, I'm going to kill him!' Pepper declares as she pushes passed the doctor to stand closer to the window.
'Coffee please,' Tony smiles at the steward.
Tony jolts,
Steve looses more blood from his brain as he blushes.
“I will forward the required information to your phone in the morning, Captain.”
Tony stares at her blankly for a moment. “You-” he starts, then stops, and Natasha watches him with thinly veiled amusement. “You actually listened to what I said? The other day, when I was yelling at everyone for the umpteenth time, you listened?”
“I know,” repeats Bucky.
“I’m not just making this up, Rhodey, I
Tony surprises both himself and Natasha by kicking himself off of the mat and landing perfectly on his feet. They share a look of surprise before they both grin and Natasha suddenly twists her body and aims a kick to Tony’s jaw. Tony blocks it with his forearm and grabs her ankle to tug it harshly, causing Natasha to lose her balance and for her back to hit the mat with an ‘oof’. She is back on her feet in less than a second and they continue to spar with no holds barred. Tony feels exhilarated as they spar, and he cannot help the manic grin on his face as he senses Natasha’s next moves a second before she delivers them, and is therefore able to block them all and return his own rather powerful blows.
, and then you ripped it all away and left me with nothing!”
“Then tell me what the hell you were thinking when you told the CEO of a company that has expressed interest in a multi-billion dollar partnership that he ‘must have stuck his company up his ass because of how shit it is’
Steve’s eyes widen a fraction as he recognises the words from his first encounter with Tony, back when they fought like cats and dogs and had no idea of the future that lay before them. He takes a step back and lowers his head, feeling ashamed and guilty, and Tony walks past him with a quiet scoff.
“I got Dum-E to rip them off,” Tony lies. He feels disappointed with himself at how easy lying comes to him, but he will do anything to keep Pepper and Rhodey with him. Telling them about Extremis will only drive them away once and for all. “I was working on a healing serum, but I never got a chance to test it out until now. As it turns out, it works like a charm.”
If you have any questions or would just like to talk, here is my
clear, but he can’t help it. Steve never likes to consider himself a selfish man but, for Tony’s love, he think that he’s definitely the most selfish of them all. Steve thinks back to their failed plan from this morning and grunts softly. No one felt like eating after Tony left. It’s obvious that the threat to kick them out was as genuine as they come, and it rattled the team more than any one of them would care to admit. Steve, having had enough tense silences to last a lifetime, practically ran out of the kitchen after ten minutes of uncomfortable hovering. He’s just surprised that Bucky hasn’t come after him yet, but also kind of grateful.
Steve’s jaw drops. “How did you find out about that?”
Tony doesn’t want to chance running into Steve or Bucky or anyone on his way out. He slips a zip-up hoodie on over his pyjama top and an old pair on converse onto his feet and takes the elevator down to the underground car park, adjusting the strap of his bag on his shoulder anxiously. He hasn’t been away from the Tower for quite a while, and even at that it hasn’t been for more than a few days, so Tony feels rather nervous about returning to his Malibu house. He knows, realistically, that things will be fine without him, especially now that Bruce has returned to keep an eye on things, but that doesn’t help make him feel any better.
“I was hoping to speak with you both about the incident, if that’s okay.”
At 7 am Happy finds Tony with the blanket wrapped around his shoulders and over his head, knees pulled up close to his chest, body tilted slightly to the left. As Happy draws nearer he sees that his friend is only half-asleep. It doesn’t take a genius to figure out that Tony hasn’t slept well, what with the lights and the darker-than-usual bags under his eyes. Happy keeps from sighing and slowly hobbles around on his crutches until the lights are turned off once more and there’s a cool bottle of water held between his teeth. With a quick glance over his shoulder, Happy rounds the corner and heads back into his bedroom.
“No, don’t bother. Just tell the others.”
“Relax, Pep. It’s called making the best out of a bad situation. Just some light-hearted humour, but apparently you’re a robot that doesn’t like laughter. What’s next? Hating puppies? Leaving a kitten up a tree? Or-”
“Nope,” answers Tony, smiling to himself. He feels more and more relaxed the further he gets from the Tower. “But it’s why you love me.”
Tony tries, in vain, to get the assassin to admit that she knows the truth but Natasha is anything if not stubborn and continues to play the innocence card all the way down to the gym floor. It’s not until they reach the sparring mats that she finally seems to crack.
Sam nods in agreement. “That shit was cold, man.”
“Captain Rogers and Sergeant Barnes,” FRIDAY supplies helpfully.
Tony shrugs. “I got... sidetracked. Sorry.”
sure of is how the hell he keeps popping up.”
“I’m assuming you didn’t come down here to stare at me,” says Tony eventually.
Pepper gasps softly and sniffles, and Tony’s heart aches as he swings the strap of the bag over his shoulder and jogs back down the stairs. “No, no, I’m okay. Just hurry, Tony, please. I have to go now, but I’ll see you later.”
A while later, when Tony has his entire private floor on lockdown so that he can drink his very expensive whiskey in peace, a crash alerts him to someone’s presence. He drunkenly leaps from the couch and nearly falls flat on his face but manages to grab hold of himself at the last minute. Tony swirls around, bottle in hand, and squints in the direction of the dark hallway leading to his bedroom.
“Did either of you happen to see someone inside the restaurant carrying a briefcase? Or even holding one?” he asks, shuffling awkwardly on his feet. Happy and Pepper share a look and frown at each other.
In the next second Bucky’s hands are gone and Tony falls to the floor, gasping and coughing. He resists the hand held out to him by Bruce and stands up himself on shaky legs, once again scratching at his arms hard enough that his nails begin to leave marks. Steve recalls Tony mentioning something about scratching himself until he bleeds and he swallows thickly.
How do you think the team will react once they find out what exactly Tony has done to himself? What will Bucky do when he realises that Steve lied to him? And how will Tony feel when he discovers that Steve is the one helping him? So many questions, so little time.
Natasha snorts before she can help it, and Tony tilts his head to see her shoulders shaking slightly with mirth. She holds her hand up for a high five and Tony slaps their hands together, allowing her fingers to curl around his own and give his hand a gentle squeeze before she releases it and her hand falls to the floor with a soft thud.
Tony chuckles slightly and leans against the elevator wall, watching as it descends level after level until it reaches the ground floor and the doors open again. Rhodey goes ahead of him, wheeling past people and leaving a path for Tony to follow, which he does right up until they reach the front doors to the hospital and they both curse.
“Jesus, that must hurt,” murmurs Tony, staring at it as best he can through the screen. There is what seems to be a rather large gear tangled up in the wiring connected to Barnes’ nervous system, effectively stopping any movement of the arm and causing a hell of a lot of pain. It’s no wonder Barnes looks like he’s about to pass out any minute now.
“Don’t ask me that like you don’t already know the answer, Steve. That isn’t the problem.”
“In case it has somehow escaped your attention, Tasha, none of the people you surround yourself with are normal,” says Tony around a chuckle. Natasha feigns shock, clutching at her chest and gasping with wide eyes. “I know, I know! I mean, I heard one of them is a Norse God – crazy, right? And there’s another that can turn into a huge green guy, and a dude that flies around on wings, and a girl that fires energy balls and messes with people’s heads! How insane is that?!”
I couldn't resist including the line: "Time spent on you is never a waste, Tony." because I love it and I need a bit of love to lighten the angst.
“Oh, I, uh-” Steve stutters, looking directly at Tony. He seems at a loss for words. “I didn’t know you were out of hospital.”
The line goes dead and Tony runs a hand through his hair. His arms are covered with goosebumps so he sighs and heads back inside the hospital and returns to Pepper, who is still asleep and bundled up in Tony’s sweater just like she was when he left her. Tony sighs and wishes, not for the first time, that he had some alcohol with him.
“I’m glad to see that you’re learning.”
based on this fic a listen to as well.
Steve remains standing in the doorway of the bathroom, shuffling awkwardly from foot to foot. “Did you get my gift?”
“Tony? What are you talking about? Has something happened?” asks the doctor. He takes a step forward, concerned for his friend, and Tony continues to stare at him in disbelief.
Rhodey sighs and shakes his head. “Luckily, Pepper wasn’t hurt, she’s just shaken up. Happy... isn’t doing as good, but the doctors are hopeful,” he assures them all and ignores Tony’s scoff. Natasha catches his eye and subtly raises an eyebrow, to which he shrugs and attempts to convey
that never fails to make Tony snort. Tony also finds himself chatting to Peter Parker quite often nowadays, even if the kid overuses emojis and abbreviates every word possible. Tony has even tried to keep on top of his drinking and he only drinks two low percent beers per day now. All in all, Tony finds his life is finally going the way he wants it to... until, of course, it all comes to a screeching halt.
“You know, I sometimes find myself missing JARVIS,” he says gently, making his presence known. Tony barely flinches, just minimises his work and glances over his shoulder at the doctor. Bruce walks further into the room with a melancholic smile. “I know we have FRIDAY, but it’s just not the same.”
“We’re going to have to tell them, you know,” says Rhodey, pushing himself forward as the elevator doors open. He swivels himself around as Tony steps in after him and the doors close again. Tony sighs and runs a hand through his hair.
Steve feels a wave of anxiousness roll through his body and he gulps reflexively. "Of what?" he murmurs, unable to look away from the crumbling man standing before him.
“Don’t,” he snaps. “I’m not telling anyone, and you better not either, Bruce. I mean it. It was hard enough for me to trust you with this.
“I- We were in a restaurant, Happy and I, and it- it just
Tony never mentioned it again; he never got the chance to. All of the memories of their previous arguments that Tony used to hide away until he was feeling really bad about himself seem so foolish to him now. His smile feels brittle and unpleasant upon his face.
“Don’t act like this is my fault, Rogers,” spits Tony, tinkering with a random piece of tech to occupy his shaking hands.
workout done.”
However many hours later, a doctor finally turns the corner and heads straight for Tony and Pepper, who Tony has to shake awake gently. She peels her eyes open and removes her head from Tony’s shoulder, blinking blearily for a moment. She sees the doctor and stands, pulling Tony up with her.
Tony curses silently and nods his head. Clint looks at him momentarily before he looks straight ahead once more, admiring the view. They remain there for another while in peaceful silence and though Tony is as anxious and tense as ever, he thinks he could grow used to peaceful silences amongst team mates rather than always having to talk and joke around. At least this way he doesn’t have to worry about what to say next. He almost forgets that Clint is there until he turns to grin at Tony, his previous sadness seemingly washed away, but Tony knows better. He also knows better than to say anything and allows Clint this distraction from whatever problems he must be having.
“Shit,” mutters Tony. He chews on his lower lip and walks towards the elevator. Who can he trust to keep Pepper and Happy safe? Rhodey is obviously out of the question considering his temporary paralysis and the fact that he would be unable to use the War Machine armour if a situation called for it. The elevator doors open and remove Tony from his thoughts.
(Real Talk: Can Tony ever catch a break? The answer seems to always be no.)
“I wouldn’t miss something this huge, Barton,” snaps Tony. His eyes travel to Natasha and they widen almost comically as he jerks a finger to point in her direction. “Tasha, you know he’s been trying to kill me for years! Hell, you saved me from his Elite before! You have to believe me!”
“Hell,” says Rhodey angrily. “Why the fuck didn’t I know about this, Tones?”
Tony wraps an arm around her shaking shoulders and squeezes lightly. “Of course I came,” he says. “You and Happy... you’re family, Pep. I’d do anything for either of you. Same with Rhodey, same with-” Tony cuts himself off abruptly, unable to finish that sentence.
? What about Nat, or-”
Truth be told, over time it became harder and harder for me to write this fic. In the beginning, I enjoyed cracking open my laptop and writing until my eyes were too fuzzy from staring at a computer screen, and the comments I received fuelled my confidence and energy and I was busting out chapters
Tony smiles at the doctor again. “Why do you say that, Bruce?”
(See the end of the chapter for
They continue to stare at Tony, unmoving, until he pinches the bridge of his nose and sighs loudly. “
The man in question stares at Tony like he has two heads which, okay, rude. “You have got some serious issues, Stark.”
“Stark is rising to the bait like a fool. He has stepped foot inside his armour for the first time since the Accords. If my predictions are correct, which they will be, he will continue to do so over the coming weeks and the plan will proceed as normal.”
Pepper shakes her head. “No, I don’t remember seeing any briefcase...” She trails off and Steve sighs, feeling as if he has reached a dead end until Pepper speaks up again. “But there was a man that practically ran into us while we were entering the restaurant and he was leaving. I thought nothing of it but-”
A moment of silence passes. The first person to move just so happens to be Pepper, and she engulfs Tony in a large bear hug. Tony stills for a moment, positive that his surprise is evident on his face, and then snakes his arms around her waist to return the hug. It’s the first proper hug that they have shared since before their break up. Tony doesn’t count the one in the hospital as they waited to hear news about Happy because Pepper had been crying and in desperate need of some comfort. This time is different.
and don't forget to give the Spotify
“This just a quick visit?” asks Happy. The television is switched on and he browses through the channels mindlessly, but Happy’s side-eye isn’t exactly subtle.
, go.” Tony’s hand falls away from Steve’s chest and goes limp at his side. His heart rate picked up a significant amount somewhere during his rant, but Tony isn’t finished yet. “If you ever loved me, you would do this for me.”
‘Tony?’
Slowly, Tony dips the tip of the needle in and pulls the top of the syringe up so that it fills with the serum. Dum-E makes sure to keep the test tube perfectly still, even though there’s barely even a drop left in it now. Tony examines the bright orange liquid, which seems to almost glow, and takes in a long, deep breath.
“Precisely, boss.”
Tony shuts off the TV using his Stark Pad as he walks around his kitchen aimlessly, typing rapidly and scanning over plans for future energy devices as he goes around in slow circles. The microwave continues to hum lowly in the background as it heats up some leftover pizza he ordered the night before. A smile appears on Tony's lips as he remembers the expression on the teenager’s face when Tony opened the door to accept the pizza, and how the kid’s face only grew more hilariously shocked when Tony handed him an extremely generous tip before closing the door.
them you’re hinting?” says Wanda, head tilted to the side as she frowns. Clint points at her and nods with his eyebrows raised pointedly.
, Pep.”
“Seem familiar, Cap?” Tony chokes out. Steve’s eyes widen and he tears his gaze away quickly. Bucky squints in confusion and increases the pressure of his arm on Tony’s windpipe.
“So you decided to chance your arm and come back here?” says Tony in a shaky voice before he can try and stop himself. Natasha glances at him over her shoulder, conveying the message ‘
of all things. This only causes Tony’s hackles to rise further.
to be the first thing you ask of me,” he says quietly.
“Tony,” murmurs the Captain quietly, taking advantage of Tony’s shocked silence while he can. “I know you don’t want me to intervene but
They fall into a momentary silence, both men content to just sit there. Tony opens his mouth, then shuts it, and then opens it again to ask the vague question, “Y’know earlier? Who else heard?”
“Well,” says Natasha, a smile forming on her face. “I’m glad you asked.”
At the time Tony didn’t understand why Steve was so bull-headed about it. He presumed that it was Steve being stubborn for the sake of it and thought that with enough pestering his boyfriend may crack. It wasn’t until much later on, nearing the end of their relationship, that Steve finally revealed why he was so against the idea.
Unbeknownst to them, Clint slips inside the gym to work out and stops abruptly at the sight before him. He watches his two friends fight viciously for a moment, and then hightails it out of there to inform the others. They pause long enough in their sparring for Tony to shrug his sweat-drenched hoodie off over his head, and then Natasha leaps and wraps her legs around Tony from behind, placing him in a chokehold. Tony stumbles slightly and jerks his head backwards to bash his skull against Natasha’s face. Natasha grunts from pain but only tightens her arm around Tony’s throat, so he is forced to get more creative. Tony grabs Nat’s arms and propels himself forward a step, using the momentum to swing Natasha over his head so that she hits the mat again and is left staring up at Tony with a bloody nose. The engineer smirks down at her, prepared to gloat, but the one move that he doesn’t expect is Natasha’s punch to his balls, which knocks the air right out of him but isn’t nearly as painful as it would have been without the Extremis.
’ with a mere raised eyebrow.
Barnes blinks rapidly and picks nervously at the fabric of his jeans. He clears his throat while Tony looks around awkwardly, and then they smile uncertainly at each other and nod briefly. Barnes gets up to leave, walks towards the waiting elevator while Tony lounges back with a sigh, eyes closed.
“No offence, Sam, but I would rather be anywhere other than here right now,” grunts Tony, scrubbing a calloused hand over his face and rubbing at his temples for a moment in a vain attempt to rid himself of this God-awful headache. “Happy and Pepper were attacked last night. Big explosion in
“And you, James. Tony let you stay here, in his home, despite being sent into a fit of anxiety every time he sees you. He allows you to stay here because he knows that you deserve peace, and he knows how much you mean to Steve, and he knows that you have suffered much more than anyone should. Tony even talked us through how to fix your arm despite him being away.”
Tony squeezes his eyes shut.  Steve takes a moment to drink him in; the grey hair, the laugh lines, the slight paunch in his belly. Tony opens his eyes and Steve stares right into them, feels lost in swirling brown and honeyed caramel and glimmering pupils. A small hand holds onto Steve’s, still caressing Tony’s stubbled cheek. Both content to stare a little while longer, to share in this moment.
, think about this logically for a second. Don’t be the hero, Tony, it’s what he wants.”
“Has Tony spoken to Pepper or Happy about it?” asks Steve. He flings the bed sheets off of his lower half and stands to get dressed into his earlier clothes.
“Don’t wanna hear it, FRI,” Tony cuts in. It feels good to know that his AI cares about him, programmed or not, but he has more important things to be doing right now. “You know the drill; don’t let anyone in or out without my say-so. I don’t care what happens, unless I’m on he brink of death no one is allowed access, not even Rhodey or Pepper.”
“I haven’t opened it yet,” Tony blurts. Steve’s face falls and Tony hates that he still feels the urge to wipe the frown away. “I’ve been busy.”
Includes a fuck-ton of angst and a motivational speech from Bruce and Natasha.
“I see you’ve slept,” she comments, eyebrow raised. Tony frowns for a moment until he looks in the little box displaying his own face and sees the state his hair is in, sticking up all over the place and resembling a crazy scientist look. “That’s a good thing, at least.”
“At least you had good company,” says Clint, appearing by Tony’s elbow with a wide grin and Wanda following behind him. Tony just about manages to suppress his surprised flinch. Clint takes one look at Tony and whistles, which makes the engineer grunt as the loud noise worsens his headache. The archer grins apologetically at him. “Sorry, man, but you look like shit. How much did you drink last night?”
“It’s your lucky day, Tony,” she says as they enter the elevator. “We’re only going to the gym to do some light exercises. Maybe next week we’ll head down to the training room and get an
“I’m doing this, whether you help me or not. The only way you can stop me is if you kill me, so I welcome those of you who have tried to try again.” Tony looks at Bucky as he says this, and the former assassin stands and marches across the room to grab Tony by the front of the shirt, holding the engineer up by his grip on the flimsy fabric.
“And lastly, Steve. When you and Tony first met you two really did not like each other but, eventually, the both of you really started to get along. Tony encouraged you to start drawing again, to get your own apartment despite you being here constantly anyway, and he helped you adapt to the future. He would cancel important board meetings and press conferences just to be with you if you were having a bad day, and he would sit and listen to you talk about the past and your guilt over letting James fall and about Peggy, all without hesitation.”
I will try to update this fic as soon as I can. I'm slowly making progress and coming back around to it, even if I am only writing a couple of sentences every few days. Progress is progress, right?
“Of course, boss.”
“Thanks, Tasha.”
“Don’t think I’m going to go easy on you again,” she says as they walk side-by-side to the elevator. Tony splutters and turns to look at her incredulously.
“Oh, right, um,” Steve stutters, scratching the back of his neck in a nervous tick. Even when dressed in a sweater, shorts, and converse with her hair tied up in a messy bun and despite how much Steve trusts her now, Natasha still manages to put the fear of God into him. “I’m looking for Spymaster. I need your help.”
“Sir,” says FRIDAY once more. She sounds as sympathetic as an AI with the voice of a teenage girl can sound, and Tony isn’t sure whether to be thankful for that or not. “Would you like to visit your floor before-?”
"I didn't want this," croaks Steve. The words sound ugly leaving his mouth and it makes his stomach turn as all of his hidden insecurities rear their monstrous heads and disrupt Steve’s fragile illusion of inner peace. "I'm so sorry, Tony, I don't know what- how do I-" He takes a moment to try and regain control over his breathing, and suddenly an image of a younger Steve comes to mind, when he was a sickly five foot nothing kid struggling to breathe. He hasn't felt this out of place since waking up from a seventy year sleep.
. I want to be able to go about everyday life without having to drown myself in alcohol, and I want to be able to live without people constantly throwing me looks of pity and whispering about me behind my back. I’m sick and tired of people thinking I’m helpless, okay? I just- I need this.” Tony heaves a long sigh as he takes a left and enters the airport. “I’m trying to take care of myself for once, so your nagging seems to have finally stuck.”
“Have a safe flight, Tony,” she says softly.
“Is it ba-” He stops when Tony jumps practically out of his skin and presses his back against the wall, staring at Steve with wide eyes and making himself look ten times smaller than he already is. Steve internally curses himself for being careless and not thinking that
Tony ignores his former teammates in favour of flexing his fingers experimentally to try and remember the feel of them in the suit. It feels just like he remembers, and possibly even better. Tony’s pulse jumps from a mix of nerves and exhilaration as the chest plate of his armour fits onto his chest and over the arc reactor firmly. Finally, the helmet flies into Tony’s hands and he stares at in contemplation before he slowly slips it on over his head. Around him, the suit comes to life after so long out of use.
Rhodey scoffs as he wheels himself into the living room and comes to a stop beside one of the large couches, watching as Tony paces back and forth anxiously. “We came back here so you could clean yourself up and get something to eat, not so you could work yourself to death.”
He gives her a small, uneasy smile and nods slowly, already regretting what he’s about to say but he knows that the truth which he is about to reveal is long overdue at this point. “I’m fine, but Tony isn’t. I thought I would be enough to help him through this, but I can see now that I was foolish to ever believe that.”
It’s Steve’s turn to shake his head now – a jerky movement that looks more unintentional than anything else, but still gets the message across. “Why are you giving up on us? You have to fight for the things you love, Tony. I’m always willing to fight for you, to die for you, but would you do the same for me?”
(*It has been pointed out to me that some are unable to find the playlist so here it is:
“I’m not sure,” she replies, voice equally as soft. “They took him into surgery straight away, and said something about a possible punctured lung and internal bleeding. I’ve been here since then. I’m glad you came, Tony.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony uses his own key to open the door to the apartment and spots Steve, still wearing the apron but firmly holding his shield in hand, in a protective stance in front of Pepper. Tony shares an amused look with her over Steve’s broad shoulder.
A very long and very awkward silence ensues. Tony rolls his eyes and eyes his glass woefully, wishing it were something stronger. When he looks over at his unwelcome guest again Barnes is sitting forward with his elbows resting on his knees, an openly curious expression on his face.
“All of the necessary first aid equipment is stored in the cupboard above the refrigerator.”
“Yeah.” Tony gives a jerky nod and swallows around the lump in his throat. “Yeah, same with Steve.”
Rhodey stares at him long enough for Tony to begin feeling uncomfortable. “Okay, Tones, I believe you. I’m with you in this, 100%, but what are you going to do?”
“I’ve been far worse, believe me. This is nothing.”
He’s also too emotional for Steve to return a week later with Bucky alongside him. Thankfully, they happen to show up while Tony is on the common floor in the living room squished between Bruce and Natasha, watching The Phantom of The Opera and complaining about how creepy it is. Tony manages not to throw the popcorn bowl he is holding and flee from the room when he sees who has just entered. Natasha, on the other hand, stands and crosses her arms over her chest. Tony doesn’t understand how she still looks intimidating in her pyjamas, which have animated pugs on them, but she somehow manages it and Tony envies her for it. Bruce sits up more on the couch but doesn’t make a move to stand, and instead grips Tony’s hand under the blanket to give it a reassuring squeeze.
“Indeed, sir. I should inform you that your body was in an unconscious state for four days, and on the second day Colonel Rhodes informed Miss Potts that you had initiated another lockdown. Her response was not pleasant.”
“If you’re gonna kill me, jus’ do it already,” he slurs. “Nothin’ keeping me here ‘nyway.”
Tony spins around and points a finger at Steve’s chest. “
Tony is so angry that he feels as if he’s boiling over. “Don’t bother. Has it occurred to any of you that you’re not even giving me a chance to try and figure my own shit out? You’re constantly smothering me! If it’s not Captain Do-Gooder over there giving me puppy eyes, it’s Barnes glaring at me hard enough that I’m sure he’s trying to turn me to dust, or it’s someone shadowing me just to make sure that I don’t crack out another bottle or OD with a bunch of pills.” Tony clenches his jaw as he catches Barnes and Steve sharing a look. “Anyone who keeps this shit up from now on will no longer be welcome in this Tower. No exceptions.”
“What are you doing here?” asks Natasha, not unkindly. Steve glances at her and opens his mouth before snapping it shut again.
“Yeah, of course.”
“I’m saying that, for the past few months, Tony has been taking pills for anxiety and depression. Both are severe cases, and now I think that he’s also suffering from Severe PTSD.”
“Better a fool than a supposed superhero letting a
Tony eyes her suspiciously. “Yeah, the decision is mine up until you pull your weird super-spy shit and find out for yourself.”
Tony stiffens instantly. “What does he want?”
Hi, friends. Long time no see.
With a loud sigh, Tony walks into the kitchen and grabs one of Clint’s doughnuts from the fridge. “So,” he says, voice muffled as he speaks around the food in his mouth. “That leaves-”
“You beautifully gifted woman,” he says around a mouthful of Pepper’s delicious baking. Happy nods eagerly in agreement.
“Local law enforcements have labelled it as a time-bomb and nothing more, but after further investigation I have discovered that the explosive used was in fact an Improvised Explosive Device – otherwise known as an IED, sir.”
Early the next morning, before the sun has even risen, Tony awakens. He panics for the briefest moment as he feels a weight on his ankle, fearing someone has tied him to the bed to torture him and probably break his ankles much like in that Stephen King novel Tony read years ago, until he realises that the weight is nothing more than Rhodey’s hand. Carefully, Tony manoeuvres himself from under his friends’ hand and slips out of the sheets, disregarding the chill that wracks his body as his bare feet touch the cool floor.
“Actually, boss, it’s three in the afternoon.”
, and allows his bots to beep happily and wheel circles around him as he struggles to remember the events which lead him to this moment. Suddenly, he remembers.
“The Vision has returned to New York for a brief visit, and has requested I inform you that he will return to the Tower once he has done what is required of him.”
Early one Thursday morning, at 4:22am to be exact, Tony is sitting on the floor of his bedroom and glaring at his closet. His back is leaning against the end of his bed as he sits cross-legged and tries to ignore the duffle bag peeking out from between the crack in the door. Ten minutes later and Tony is jumping up and dragging the bag out into the middle of his bedroom floor. He runs around the room, hastily tossing items of clothing and gadgets and important Stark Industries documents into the bag and he orders FRIDAY to check the building to see if anyone is awake while he zips up the black duffle bag.
Steve doesn’t get to ask what she means because her window is already being rolled up as she drives away from him and to the hospital, but he thinks that he has a fair idea.
FRIDAY sounds extremely displeased, not that Tony can blame her. Tony ignores the dotted trail of crimson blood that marks his path out of the gym, into the elevator, and onto the common floor and he focuses on trying to patch himself up. Tony hadn’t spared any thought towards how exactly he was to reach the cupboard above the fridge and grab the first aid kit when 1) he’s too small to reach the cupboard in the first place and 2) he’s unable to grab things because every movement of his fingers causes him to yelp in pain. He decides to give it a shot anyway and attempts to climb on top of the counter without the use of his hands, which proves quite difficult and causes Tony’s head to smack off of some surface or another more than once. Eventually, he just gives up and steals a bottle of pricey Russian vodka, presumably Natasha’s, from the counter with his elbow and then sits at the kitchen table to drink it. He manages to remove the bottle cap with his teeth and Tony spends the remainder of the morning attempting to drink from a bottle clutched between his chest and elbow.
“FRIDAY,” he murmurs softly, bringing the syringe around the back of his head and resting the tip of the needle against the correct spot. “If something goes wrong, make sure that things are kept running smoothly with the company and the Tower... and make sure no snot-nosed lawyer gets their hands on my will. I trust that Pepper will handle it all but, just in case, you know what to do.”
The fic title has been taken from the poem 'Birds Hover Over the Trampled Field' by Richard Siken.
. Tony, who is always so strong and charismatic and beautiful, is now exhausted and fragile and damaged. He hates himself for not noticing it sooner. It had not escaped his attention that Tony always manages to escape a room as soon as Steve enters it, or that he prefers to sleep on the tattered couch in his workshop rather than in their bed with Steve's arms around him, or that Tony has taken to finding solace in alcohol once more. Never in his life did Steve Rogers think that he could wound someone so deeply, make them fear him so terribly, that they would destroy themselves just to escape him and the pain and suffering that looms over him like a gloomy rain cloud.
to have a panic attack every time you try to touch me. I don’t
Tony and Nat continue to converse between themselves with occasional interruptions from Bruce while he works, but Natasha cuts her rant about Clint constantly begging for a dog short and her ears perk up. Tony hears Bruce putting his work down and walking slowly across the room until he comes close enough to be seen on camera again. Tony is confused and worried up until he hears the muffled voice of Barnes yelling for Bruce. The door bursts open just as Natasha minimises the video chat on the computer screen - Bucky being unable to see Tony but Tony being able to see and hear everything. He holds his breath and tries not to make a sound.
"My nightmares came back," says Tony. Steve's gut clenches painfully when his voice cracks, but Tony continues with a heavy sigh. "Which is ironic, because you used to be the only thing that got rid of them and now you're the star of the shit show in my subconscious. I see you standing over Rhodey's dead body, I see you and Barnes teaming up to beat me to death, I see you watching him kill me and you
... Is this thing on?
Tony seems to snap out of his daze in less than a second and his eyes harden. “I’m not a hero, Cap. I stopped pretending to be one a long time ago.”
. He feels Natasha’s small hands guide his head onto her shoulder and she begins to rub soothing circles into his back while encouraging him to focus on her breathing and to copy her. It takes a while, but Tony eventually calms down enough to pull away from her shoulder and he apologises for crying onto her t-shirt.
“But he told you,” says Rhodey in an accusatory tone. “He told you, and what did you do about it?”
“I have to, you know that.”
“Not an issue.”
“Sorry to disappoint, but it’s just a meeting. There are some things we need to discuss.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Tony...”
True to her word, Natasha wakes Tony at 6am the next morning, She is already dressed in her exercise clothes and her hair is pulled back into yet another high ponytail. She poses as a menacing figure, looming over Tony with his sheets clutched firmly in her hands and almost giving him a heart attack. Her lips form a smug smile at the undignified squawk that leaves him.
“Perhaps Dr. Banner could-”
Natasha actually apologises to him for the rude report she gave to Director Fury back when they first met, and Tony can tell that it’s sincere even if it is a little forced.  Tony, unused to this level of sincerity and camaraderie from anyone other than Rhodey and Pepper and Happy, wishes things would go back to how they were before. He doesn’t deserve this kindness. What he did wasn’t brave; it was selfish. He wanted to die and just so happened to be able to save lives in the process. It was a win/win situation. He doesn’t deserve to be called a hero and certainly not a role model.
Her tone is casual and impassive, but Tony knows Natasha better than that and he narrows his eyes. She looks at him from the corner of her eye and Tony chuckles lowly, shaking his head.
He sits in the car for another moment, staring at the steering wheel. “Will you tell Rhodey next time you see him? And tell him to call me whenever he’s released from the hospital, too. Oh, and make sure he doesn’t try and kill He Who Must Not Be Named for some bullshit reason like ‘driving me away’ in the meantime.”
Steve clears his throat awkwardly and averts his eyes to the floor. “Tony isn’t very fond of any of us right now, not even Natasha or Bruce. He doesn’t trust anyone anymore and basically said that he wants us all to leave him alone.”
“FRIDAY,” he croaks.
Tony looks torn. “I’ve always told you that I’d do anything for you, Bruce... but I never expected
to eliminate. Now I ask you, how is that not an issue?”
“Yes, we do!” Tony yells, flinging his arms out. “There’s no way it’s anything else, any
“You know she’ll have my balls if I blow her off, Tony.”
“You make it sound so easy,” murmurs the super soldier. He may be taller than Pepper, but the woman can certainly make him feel as small as he used to be back in the 40’s just by looking into his eyes.
Bruce remains as calm as ever on the screen, while Tony fidgets restlessly watching the scene unfold. “Yes, technically I am a doctor, but I’m not that kind of doctor. And even if I was, there would be nothing I could do to help you. You’d need a highly skilled expert in engineering to take a look at it, and even that would be risky.”
the bad guy when I say I don’t trust you anymore. Did you even care to remember that I loved about Aunt Peg too? I was at the goddamn funeral, Steve, but you were too busy making eyes at a pretty blonde to remember that the man you claim to ‘love’ would be there, too.”
“He was tall - around your height, Steve – and had blonde hair, but that’s all I saw,” says Pepper. She looks apologetic and Steve catches the barest hint of a sad smile on her lips. “Sorry we can’t be more helpful.”
Tony continues pushing past the throng of reporters until he finally reaches his Audi, which isn’t totally ideal for a man in a wheelchair but they’ll make do. He unlocks the doors and opens it for Rhodey, who has just enough strength gained in his legs to be able to hoist himself into the passenger seat and shut the door. Tony manages to fold the wheelchair up with little struggle and tosses it into the trunk before hopping into the driver’s seat and peeling away from the hospital. He continues to speed down the lanes, ignoring Rhodey’s remarks about ‘dangerous driving’ and how Tony has a ‘death wish’. He ignores him and continues to drive. Tony doesn’t stop and think until both he and Rhodey are safely inside the tower.
. “I think it was meant for us, Tony,” she whispers.
‘I guess?’ Steve tries, but it comes out weak. ‘I’m not sure what you mean, Tony.’
?” he echoes. “It took me an hour just to punch you last time!”
Bruce opens his mouth, presumably to explain what Tony actually meant, but Steve speaks before he can say anything. “We wouldn’t be asking if we weren’t desperate,” he says, eyes once again on Tony. Tony feels his throat tightening and his chest constricting, and he knows that his hand is shaking in Bruce’s grip. “Please, Tony.”
Steve turns to look over his shoulder at her and, as he’s momentarily distracted, Tony sends her a pleading look. Pepper’s face immediately turns to stone, mouth set in a firm line and eyes narrowed just enough to intimidate but not enough to terrify. She turns her gaze to Steve and Tony watches as the super soldier's shoulders tense and his jaw clenches.
“Don’t be a party pooper, Tony.”
“Alert the others and tell them to suit up. If Clint’s in the vents, tell him to check it out but not to engage the intruder until Nat and I get there. Tell Falcon to bring Redwing and check the perimeter for anything suspicious or out of the ordinary.”
Tony snaps back to attention and glares at the figure sitting on his couch. He takes a few more steps into the room and crosses his arms over his chest, standing tall even though he feels as if he’s about to have three panic attacks at once.
I would also like to thank everyone who has given kudos, commented, and bookmarked this fic because it means an awful lot to an amateur writer like myself. So, thank you! I hope this chapter doesn't disappoint.
Once an old episode of The Simpson is selected, Tony says, “I’m probably going to crash on your couch, if that’s okay.”
“Bruce is not finding out about this,” snaps Tony through clenched teeth, chest heaving. “I don’t need his sympathy, or his charity. Are there bandages on the common floor?”
“Tony knows better than anyone how it feels to be completely alone despite being surrounded by dozens of people, and he knows how tough it can be to deal with your problems when you think no one cares, and he has helped all of us during our lowest times because he doesn’t want us to feel the same way that he does. If he can help all of us, I think it’s only right that we at least try to help him.”
“Lucky to be alive.”
This is a filler chapter, written mostly to help me get back into the swing of things, but I also felt like we needed a sense of progression and growth with the characters so that's what I was going for. Let me know if it worked!
“You’re here for Harold Hogan?” asks the doctor. Pepper and Tony nod. “Mr. Hogan is currently stable, though he lost a lot of blood. A large shard of glass is what caused the internal bleeding, as it punctured a rather large hole in his left lung, but all in all the surgery was a success. Mr. Hogan will remain in the Critical Care Unit for a few days until we are certain that he is stable enough to be moved.”
“You’re asking about what happened because you’re looking out for Tony and making sure he doesn’t run himself into the ground; yes or no?”
Tony swallows to try and rid himself of the sudden dryness in his throat and remains silent. Pepper sighs and looks away from Tony.
. Now, though, it’s almost like a challenge for himself – and Tony hates to lose.
“You want the honest answer?” asks Tony. Bucky nods. “Steve likes to see the good in everyone, even when there’s only the tiniest amount there. He’s got an eye for it, but it blinds him and sometimes makes him see things that aren’t there. Like a trick of the light. I guess I’m just something he doesn’t want to believe is bad.”
“Tony...” mutters Natasha in warning. Sometimes Tony really hates how well she knows him. He clenches his jaw and inhales deeply, and then turns to push past Wanda and Steve to head inside. His cuffs for the armour lay forgotten on the breakfast bar and Tony fits them on quickly and without a word. When he turns, he is the closest to Steve than he has been in
Five minutes later sees Tony seated on the couch in his living room with a StarkPad in his hands, watching the sky through the large floor to ceiling windows as he waits for Natasha and Bruce to pick up on the other end. Their faces appear a moment later, squished together in order to be seen on camera. Tony thinks he recognizes the background as Bruce’s lab.
“Tony? When did you get back?” asks Clint. “Wait - What’s going on? I thought we were under attack,” he says.
“Don’t be an idiot, Tony,” says Bruce, voice gentle despite his hands clenching and unclenching into fists. “What are you going to do? Fly around Manhattan looking for him? Give him the perfect opportunity for an air strike? We don’t know the first thing about him, Tony. You’re being foolish.”
Sorry if you were expecting an update but I felt shitty for not leaving an explanation as to why it's taking me so long to write more for this fic.
“There’s nothing wrong with visiting a friend. Anyway, that’s not what I came to talk about. I came to tell you that Happy is being released tomorrow. The doctors are happy with his progress, so they’re allowing him to come home provided he get plenty of bed rest and take it easy.”
Pepper begins falling asleep after another half hour, and Tony gives her his old grey MIT sweatshirt so that she can keep warm and wear something that isn’t torn and scorched. Tony retraces his steps to the reception area and heads outside to get some fresh air. He sits himself down on one of the wooden benches in front of the hospital and, ignoring the night chill, decides to call Rhodey on his recharged phone.
This prompts Rhodey, who wheeled over with a glare as fierce as Pepper’s own in the midst of her rant, to look down at Tony’s hands. He frowns for a moment, the same as Pepper, and then he begins to look uneasy.
A large holographic screen is projected from the watch and the requested footage begins rolling. The video begins from the moment Bruce steps foot inside the workshop and the pained expression on everyone’s faces only grow worse as the footage continues playing. Bruce realises that this could be considered cruel, playing footage of Tony confessing his suicidal thoughts to people who are supposed to be Tony’s closest friends, teammates, and lover, but then he figures that they need to see it. It’s time they stop undermining how serious Tony’s issues are, even if the man himself plays them off.
“And what if I say the situation calls for it but you disagree? It’s just going to turn out how it did in Siberia and I don’t fancy a repeat of that.”
The bot is seemingly appeased by this and wheels around to the other side of Tony to be closer to him.
“I’m missing something, aren’t I?” he says.
“I’ve done this before, you know.”
Tony remains silent while he fixes the target, not wanting to alert Steve or Barnes to his presence, until the piece of wiring suddenly sparks and scalds his hand, causing Tony to drop his tools with a loud ‘clang’.
‘Lie to me,’ he murmurs, and Steve rears back in shock.
So, I saw Civil War last Friday and it's safe to say that it exceeded my expectations. I honestly loved it even though it broke my heart. As you can see in the tags, this fic is not totally compliant with the film and is mainly just a big ball of my inner angst thrown onto unsuspecting characters.
“Yeah?” he asks, brows furrowed.
“That makes two of us,” Bruce responds. His voice is gentle and soothing and washes over Tony like a calming tide. “Please, do this one thing for me.”
Pepper opens her mouth to object but Tony puts the plates on the table and runs into the adjoining hallway before she can protest. He passes the closed doors of the bathroom and the master bedroom but stops short in front of a framed photograph. Tony doesn’t think he’s ever seen Pepper as relaxed and joyful as she looks in that photo, wherein she’s caught planting a sweet kiss on Happy’s cheek as he sticks his tongue out in a faux disgusted expression. Tony recognises the background of the picture as the inside of the Guggenheim and an ache in his chest follows the realisation. Tony has connections there, and more than once an argument began between him and Steve when he tried to persuade Steve to showcase some of his art. Steve’s stance on the matter was always a firm
“Tony, please tell me that you didn’t do anything stupid.”
, his mind whispers. Tony grimaces and turns around in his stool to face the large screen. The sound of Pepper’s heels fade away after another moment, and Tony drops his head against his workbench with a groan. It isn’t until he sits upright once more that he notices the dent his head made in the solid countertop.
I’m already a doctor,” says Tony around a shit-eating grin, and he walks further into the open space of the living room and plonks down beside Happy on their sofa. With a look over his shoulder, Tony can see straight into the kitchen through the large arch-shaped opening and he catches the roll of Pepper’s eyes. “But I don’t mind being the nurse as long as I get the outfit.”
“I’m not apologising to Steve,” he says eventually. “He needed to hear it.”
Natasha and Bruce share a look. Tony’s brows furrow together as he watches them exchange some sort of silent conversation until Bruce turns to look back at the camera. “Steve hasn’t been dealing with your departure well.”
Natasha schools her features into a deadpan, “are-you-stupid” expression and Tony frowns.
“What were you thinking, Tony?! You cannot just say that to-”
“Let’s just say every 48 hours, yeah?”
“We have to try,” says Natasha, speaking up at last. Her tone is firm and leaves no room for argument. “What type of people - what type of
A long, awkward silence ensues. Tony feels oddly satisfied with his outburst, even if the look on Steve’s face tugs painfully at his heartstrings. He has said what he has needed to say for quite a while and, according to various articles, that’s one of the first steps to recovery or inner peace or some other bullshit. Tony knows that Steve needed to hear it as much as he needed to say it but, looking into Steve’s sad eyes, he feels his certainty turn to doubt. Tony goes to leave, cradling his burnt hand close to his chest as he turns on his heel, but Steve follows.
“No, no, not if it’ll make Pep angry. I can’t handle her angry calling me again, especially if I’ll be stuck in board meetings all day.”
“I’ll be waking you up bright and early, Stark. We’ll be able to continue training now that your hands are fixed.”
“Nat’s coming up in a bit and she said that she’ll bring Bruce so that we can have a pyjama party and play board games!” he exclaims. Tony hesitates, which only makes Clint scowl at him playfully. “C’mon, Tony. You need this, I need this, and even Nat needs this. Bruce probably needs it, too, but I haven’t seen him yet today so I don’t know if his work has been particularly Hulk-inducing, but it probably has.”
“That came out bitter,” says Tony before Steve can think of a way to assure Tony that his insecurities are stupid while also warning him not to speak of his pal, his buddy, his Bucky, like that again. If anything, his voice is even rougher than before when he speaks again. “Forget I said anything.”
“That is up to you, sir.”
are meant to be on vacation,” Tony responds, taking the screw driver from his mouth.
“No,” Tony interjects. He clears his throat and sniffles. “No thanks. Don’t tell anyone about what has occurred today, please. I’d rather not have Pep and Rhodey on my case, too.”
Bucky remains impassive and seats himself on the opposite couch. “You should go to sleep, Stark. You’ve had a rough day.”
“Maybe you missed something,” Clint suggests. The others, excluding Natasha and Rhodey, nod in agreement. “I mean, it’s possible.”
Pepper laughs wetly on the other line but it comes out sounding like a huff of static. “I never thought I’d see the day.”
Editing this chapter was a bitch because I only decided today that I didn't like the original and wanted to change it all, which resulted in me busting my ass off trying to complete it in temperatures too hot for Ireland. Seriously, I am not made to handle the heat.
“I’m not here to kill ya, Stark,” says a rough Brooklyn accent. James Buchanan Barnes materialises from the shadows with a half smirk. Tony slumps back down onto the couch, mindless of the bottles’ amber liquid sloshing onto the expensive white material.
to break into his Tower, dismantle his AI, and leave a daunting message just to provoke him.
“You too, Pepper,” he says. Rhodey turns to look at Tony and raises his eyebrows at him. “You look like shit. C’mon, you’re coming back to the Tower with me so you can shower and get something to eat. Pepper, you need us to get you anything?”
“Agent Romanoff is accompanying Dr. Banner to a robotics conference in Queens. They will be leaving early tomorrow morning and will not be returning to the Tower until the next day.” Tony opens his mouth to speak again, but FRIDAY cuts across him. “Mr. Wilson will be visiting family and won’t return until late tomorrow evening, and Agent Barton is accompanying Ms. Maximoff to a date with the Vision.”
“But how-” Steve begins to ask, hoping that he will finally understand how he can begin to make things right again. Pepper cuts him off abruptly.
“I’ll be there soon, Tones, don’t you worry your pretty little head about it.”
The song 'Make This Go On Forever' by Snow Patrol really reminds me of this fic and the lyrics make me think of Steve in particular. You should definitely give it a listen - especially if you're having trouble understanding Steve in this fanfic. Plus, it's a beautiful song.
“So, are we all just going to ignore what just happened?” asks Sam incredulously.
“FRIDAY,” he says, voice rough from sleep. “Can I see the data that you have collected from the
Bruce shifts awkwardly on the couch and makes a move to stand up. “We should probably go,” he says to everyone that isn’t Tony and Steve, and they all agree readily and prepare to make a hasty exit.
Tony manages to look up into Steve’s eyes, his own swimming with unshed tears, and he shakes his head slowly. Steve’s own tears begin falling rapidly, the denial and raw heartbreak causing them to flow down his cheeks and nose. “Don’t say it,” he pleads desperately, voice thick and hoarse. Tony flinches and wipes his eyes with the back of his hand.
?” he echoes suspiciously. “How far away did you actually go, Stark?”
Eventually, she pulls away with mascara smeared around her eyes but otherwise seems perfect. Tony, though not in love with Pepper anymore, still thinks she looks beautiful. He rubs her arms comfortingly and steers her towards a rather uncomfortable chair pushed against the wall with little resistance.
They exit the gym shortly after, heading to their own separate floors to shower. Tony turns the temperature up to the last dial and finds comfort in the way the hot spray scalds his skin and seems to warm him up from the inside out. He tips his head back into the water and closes his eyes and he stays like that up until the water turns cold. He switches off the shower, steps out, and wraps a fluffy white towel around his waist while he exits his en-suite.
“Just something Nat asked me to take care of while she was at the hospital with Tony.”
, Tony?’ He bows his neck, ashamed of the desperate edge to his tone. His hands clench and unclench into fists while the crumbling wall supports his weight
“Did you need something, Pepper?”
“Aha!” Tony exclaims, pointing a finger at her. “So you admit it!”
“Well then, I will.”
I wrote a good portion of this chapter while listening to the song "I Was So Sure" by Former Vandal so I would highly recommend listening to it. The lyrics remind me a lot of Tony, especially the lines: "I was so sure but I fell short. I thought I'd stand tall, and shake the ashes off. I told myself that I could be strong. I was so sure."
report is that the Extremis seems to have settled into your bloodstream without further trouble. Would you like me to regularly conduct scans to assure your health?”
Steve takes another step towards them, arm outstretched in a cautious gesture. Tony thinks he catches a tear on his cheek, but he isn’t so sure because of the way his vision goes blurry when he’s slammed into the wall again.
“Down, boy,” Tony mocks, and Steve lowers his shield with a sigh. The door shuts behind him with a click and Happy’s head jerks up from where he drifted off on the couch. “So, nurse, how’s the patient?”
and suddenly I don't matter anymore. And while he chokes me, or beats me, or stabs me to death and leaves me to bleed out in some abandoned building, the last thing I always see is you. You stand there, and you watch him kill me, and you don’t even care. You barely even blink.
“Tony,” Rhodey reprimands him. Tony doesn’t bother apologising.
Tony is relieved to find that, upon scanning everyone’s faces, they all seem to believe him and look rather impressed. It isn’t such a far-fetched lie, either, considering the amount of time Tony usually spends in his workshop without coming out for food or sleep. The only one that looks slightly doubtful is, surprisingly, Steve. Tony ignores the look of uncertainty on the blonde’s face and clears his throat.
“And my mom may not have, you know, won any mother of the fuckin’ year awards but, shit, she was still my mom. They were my parents and you took them from me. I don’t care if it was Hydra, or Pierce, or whoever the fuck else-” Tony waves his arms around and more of the liquid spills onto his lap and the couch. “
He looks over his shoulder and catches Steve’s eye for one very long and very painful moment before Tony has to look away. He doesn’t spare Bucky a glance and refocuses on Sam, plastering on an entirely fake smile as he says, “C’mon, keep going.”
Pepper stiffens and her jaw clenches. Tony both regrets the words that escaped and is glad that he has finally let them out after keeping the bottled up for so long.
Includes Tony's well-deserved break and the incident that forces him to return home.
Both of them stare at Tony for a moment, obviously about to head out for their 7am run if their loose shorts and tank tops and trainers are anything to go by. Bucky, with his hair tied back into a messy ponytail, grumbles, “Oh for fuck’s sake.”
“What do you expect us to do? Give Bucky shit for something he did in 1991, a time where he didn’t have control over himself? Kick him out of the Tower?” It’s the first time anyone has heard Steve speak to Sam so coldly before, and Sam seems to shrink in on himself. Redwing nuzzles his beak into Sam’s head in an attempt to comfort him.
“If I may, sir, you will not find this footage to be a waste of your time.”
Bucky holds eye contact with him and begins to feel uncertain the longer they stare at each other. He was never wrong about this sort of thing, but there’s a first time for everything, right? After all, Steve wouldn’t lie to him. He promised that he wouldn’t. Eventually, the ex-assassin sighs and ducks his head in shame.
“Excuse me, boss,” says FRIDAY as the microwave dings to signal that his food is ready.
“How-” He swallows, eyes downcast. Tony raises an eyebrow. It’s rare for Barnes to show a great deal of emotion other than anger, so for him to be so hesitant only fuels Tony’s curiosity. “How hard was it?” he tries again, tone a hushed rumble.
It earns him a smile from Sam and a thump on the arm from his friend.
Tony grunts and attempts to straighten his fingers of his right hand out again, which results in him barely keeping in a yell of agony. Wow, he really needs to brush up on his hand-to-hand combat... and maybe use a softer punching bag next time.
“I didn’t know-” Steve tries, to which Tony cuts him off with a loud scoff.
“Why aren’t you in bed?” asks Tony in a sleep-rough tone that makes Steve’s stomach flip. He smiles at the reflection in the bathroom mirror, where he can just about catch sight of Tony’s shirtless upper half and a tuft of his unruly bedhead.
Steve hopes that Natasha and Tony are happy, wherever they may be. He hopes that they died without regret, even if he himself cannot. Steve hasn’t yet earned his peace; he’s a liar, after all.
“FRIDAY-”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes, Tony,” says Natasha. She steps forward and places a comforting hand on his shoulder. “We all did, Tony. I know that we haven’t been exactly helpful, but we are trying, Люб
Tony huffs out a breath and steps back into the centre of the ring. He swings quickly and carelessly and Natasha blocks it easily, as he expected her to, and then Tony sweeps her legs from underneath her while she’s focusing on throwing her own punch. Natasha looks up at him with a startling grin and hops up onto her feet in one swift movement, growing more powerful and delivering faster blows the more Tony is able to cause her to stumble or catch her by surprise.
мой дорогой = My dear.
” while he works. He and Pepper e-mail occasionally, mostly about work and the company, but there are some e-mails where Pepper will have included a little
“Might as well be,” Tony shoots back. Bucky steps further into the room and observes Tony’s drunken state with an unimpressed expression and raised eyebrows. “Why’re you here, Barnes?”
Steve places his hands atop Tony’s and links their fingers together. “I have a meeting with Miss Hill, remember?”
Thankfully, she doesn’t ask what he’s thanking her for. Natasha seems to know, just like she always does. “Anytime, Tony. You know that.”
“If I may, boss,” says the AI. Tony grunts noncommittally. “You don't sound very convincing.”
bombing, please?”
Pepper gives his shoulder an encouraging squeeze and then turns swiftly on her heel to walk back to Happy’s private room. Steve stays standing in the corridor for another long moment, watching as she disappears through the door, and then he eventually continues his journey to the fire escape stairwell and through the back exit to avoid being seen.
“Other than the fact it’s a dump?”
“For Tony’s sake, it better not.”
call me Bucky, y’know,” Barnes states, eyebrows raised. “If ya like. It’s my name, after all.”
Tony has always prided himself on being able to fool not only the public but his teammates, also, into believing that he is arrogant and cocky and that the only person he cares about is himself. It’s not a lie, as Tony is confident and self-assured in his intelligence and good looks, but it’s not exactly the truth, either. Tony cares a hell of a lot for people that are too prone to life-threatening situations and it ends up getting him hurt. He puts his three friends in enough danger as it is, so it’s much easier to allow the others to hate him and spare them the added threat to their already chaotic lives. Tony was doing a damn good job of his little act up until the battle of New York, where he willingly entered a portal in space wearing nothing but his Iron Man armour to save hundreds of thousands of people from dying. After plummeting back down to Earth and waking to see the Captain, Thor, and the Hulk standing over him, he knows that each team member has just scrapped every assumption of Tony that they had made because he was now apparently classified as ‘
“Really, Tony? Don’t you have to go back to the hospital later?” he nags, arms crossed over his chest. Tony takes another drink and doesn’t respond.
“Well, if it isn’t the great Houdini,” Bruce drawls with a small smile. Tony grins at him toothily.
“Bed,” Tony repeats, softer this time, as if he knows what Steve is thinking and thinks the exact same thing himself. Steve finally agrees and allows himself to be lead out of the bathroom and back into bed by Tony’s firm grip on his hand, unwilling to let go even for a second.
“Do I have any say in this?” Tony whines as Rhodey tugs him towards the door.
Love,
They settle down again, facing the floor-to-ceiling bedroom windows on the left side of Tony’s bedroom to look out and watch the sunrise as they lay wrapped up in each other. Steve wraps himself tighter around Tony as the smaller man begins to drift off slowly, eyes closing slowly before they flutter back open in a daze.
,” he gasps. “Just- Just tell me what to do, Tony, please. I want to make this right.”
“Well, that’s nothing new, is it?” says Pepper sharply, arms crossed over her chest and a single eyebrow raised as if daring Steve to snap back at her. “Steve, you are meant to be one of the greatest strategists this country has ever seen - if you can’t figure out a way to help Tony without smothering him then we’re all doomed.”
, looks rather ordinary compared to the chaotic, technologically advanced mess that is the rest of Avengers Tower. At first glance one would assume that Tony was too busy to bother re-furbishing the gym and therefore paid it no mind, but the gym has just as much Stark Tech as any other room in the Tower and was built to be able to withstand even the wildest of incidents (read: Thor and Steve trying out their Mj
“Buck, put him down,” Steve orders, taking a step towards them.
“Never said I was concerned,” says Bucky lightly. “But it ain’t an act, neither. I care for Steve, he cares for you, I’m just tryna make him happy again. I dunno what you said to him today, but it must’ve been fuckin’ rough ‘cause he hasn’t quit crying all day.”
Tony knows it’s a fair statement but he cannot help the way his body flinches in barely concealed rage at the mention of his past coping mechanisms. “You’ll get over it.”
“Tell them I’m coming right up,” he says. The elevator doors open as Tony walks towards them, purposefully not looking over his shoulder at Steve, who is still standing in the middle of the workshop looking lost and crushed. Once the doors close behind him, Tony releases a shaky sigh and runs his unsteady fingers through his hair, allowing his back to slide down the wall of the elevator until he hits the ground and the last of Tony’s resolve crumples. Sobs wrack through his body and his tears create dark splotches on his favourite AC/DC shirt, but none of it matters because he just lost the man that means the most to him in this world. The immense pain in his head caused by the heaving and sobbing almost matches the pain in his chest, but not quite.
Tony blinks at him in surprise and then shrugs self-deprecatingly. “It’s nothing; I would have done it for anyone.”
would be preferable. Some of us don’t have 70 years to wait.”
When Tony wakes the next day the sun is shining high in the sky and his phone has seemed to have either stopped buzzing or gone dead. Either way suits him just fine. His first task after showering and changing his clothes is to install the newer updates to FRIDAY’s system in the home, as the AI system isn’t as advanced here as it is in the Tower. Once everything is in working order, FRIDAY’s voice disrupts the silence that has fallen over the workshop.
Tony’s suit jacket lay folded up beside him, along with his tie, and his shirt sleeves have been rolled up so he can feel the light breeze on his skin. With a sigh, Tony kicks his legs out and looks down at the streets below him. He’s tempted. Oh, so very tempted, but his promise to Bruce is still fresh in his mind and Tony doesn’t want to disappoint Bruce more than he already has. It doesn’t stop him from thinking about it, though. A noise comes from the living room and he looks back over his shoulder in alarm to see Clint jumping down from the vent, the panel laying discarded on the floor. Once he spots Tony outside a smile lifts his lips, but it isn’t a particularly happy one.
I have also created a playlist on Spotify based on this fic and it's under the same name as the title if anyone would like to go and give it a listen. Song recommendations are always welcome.
With a loud groan, Steve flings his muscled arms over his face and closes his eyes tightly; willing himself back to sleep. He shouldn’t be thinking like this anymore, not after Tony making his view on the subject
“I realise now that I’ve made a mistake, and I regret not doing anything more to help,” says Bruce. He runs a hand through his unkempt hair and sighs. “I stumbled upon Tony popping some of his pills, and I have been trying to help him ever since, but clearly it wasn’t enough. That’s why I’m telling you now. He needs help.”
“Yes,” says Tony at the same time that Rhodey says “No” and Tony glares at him, which makes the Colonel huff in indignation.
“Sorry, boss, but Agents Barton and Romanoff are requesting your presence on their floor immediately,” says FRIDAY, Tony’s new female AI with a chirpy Irish accent. Tony looks relieved and brushes past Steve before the super soldier can stop him.
Barnes eyes him for a moment, as if trying to decipher if Tony is being genuine or not. “Well, at least we finally agree on somethin’,” he says after a moment. “You’re loud, rude, a sloppy drunk, and seem to think you’re better than everyone else just ‘cause you own a tower. You ain’t all that, Tony Stark, but Stevie seems to think that you are. Why’s that?”
The Hulk roars and Tony jerks awake, eyes wide and fragile. Steve sees his duplicate’s shoulders slump in relief, feels the air in his lungs and revels in its sting. Beside him, Tony makes a soft noise, a confused squeak that shouldn’t sound so endearing from a man in his fifties. Steve turns to look at him, eyebrows furrowed.
“Someone has to say it, Rogers,” replies Tony. His hands are clenched into tight fists by his side, and he blinks away the tears in a vain attempt to appear more put together than he really is. Steve knows better, like he always does. “We’re not going to work out.”
“No,” he denies firmly. “That’s not right. I don’t believe it. Tony would have told me.”
“Love you, honey bear!” Tony calls back, rushing into the elevator and silently praying that the doors shut before Natasha reaches him, because if she does he is definitely going to be put to sleep for a
Tony swallows thickly and turns around to look his friend in the eyes, smiling at him sadly. Bruce observes the way Tony idly massages a spot above the arc reactor with the heel of his sweaty palm and the way his other hand is stuffed deep inside the pocket of his faded but no doubt expensive jeans.
Bruce sighs and scratches the back of his neck. “I won’t tell anyone, Tony.” Tony sighs with relief and his shoulders sag from their previously tensed position. “But that means that you actually have to tell me what’s going on. I barely know what the pills are for, and I spotted Steve running out of things to break in the gym earlier, so obviously something isn’t right.”
“That’s because it is, Steve. Try it, and if I’m wrong then you can be the first person to tell me so.”
The AI complies without a word, which Tony is more than a little thankful for, and only speaks up once Tony enters his workshop and orders another lockdown.
“I know, Tony. I know.”
“You know this for sure?” asks Natasha, face unreadable.
“Vision’s back?” Tony splutters. “Why does no one tell me these things?!”
Clint looks down at his lap in a rare display of awkwardness, or perhaps discomfort. “Sam and myself – obviously -, Wanda, and Bucky.”
Natasha pauses in her actions and turns around completely. “Why?” she asks, suspicion leaking through her words.
“Neither do I,” he replies in a gentle tone. “I know you don’t want to hear this but
‘I never loved you, and I never smiled at you when you weren’t looking, and it never hurt that you couldn’t see how much I care. I never spent hours agonising over how to tell you about your parents. I never worried while you were missing in space. We’ll win this war and no one will die. You and I, we’ll be allowed to rest. We’ll live until we’re old and happy, with no regrets.’
“So, game night with the Fantastic Four?”
The line goes dead. Tony releases a long breath and runs a shaking hand over his face. “FRIDAY, get the jet ready. I’m going back to Manhattan,” he orders, voice wavering as he turns off the lights before exiting the home and locking the front door. From that moment on is a blur to Tony. He doesn’t remember getting into the expensive rental car and speeding the entire way to the airport hangar, nor does he remember how many red lights he runs past in his anxious state, nor does he remember the 5 hour flight back to Manhattan. The moment the jet touches down back home, Tony is hurrying to unlock his Audi and speeds away from the airport and down the busy streets to reach the hospital.
The metal clanging comes to a stop, and Steve looks around until he sees Tony wheeling himself out from beneath... something, Steve isn’t sure what. The smaller man wipes his dirty hands off on his jeans and manages to pull himself to his feet without any visible effort. Steve raises an eyebrow. Tony raises one back.
The house is already stacked full with food and drink and clothes and other niceties. Tony wastes no time in dragging himself up the stairs and into his master bedroom, still in his pyjamas and shoes as he curls up into a ball on top of the sheets. His duffel bag lay forgotten on the floor next to the bed and beneath everything else in the bag lay Tony’s buzzing phone with its screen lit up to display Steve’s Caller ID. Tony ignores the muffled buzzing and drifts off to sleep, too tired from the flight to even think about getting up to turn the device off.
The next time he wakes he spots Rhodey awake and in the middle of a hushed conversation with Pepper and Natasha. The three of them look exhausted and pale but that doesn’t stop them from rushing to Tony’s aid once they see that he’s awake. They explain everything that has occurred since Tony was last conscious, and answer every question Tony asks them as honestly as they can. Upon noticing Rhodey’s stiff movements, his best friend informs him that he’s temporarily paralysed from the waist down due to damage to his spine, but that he should be able to be released in another week or two provided he use a wheelchair until further notice and returns for monthly check-ups. Natasha and Pepper leave after a few hours of mindless conversation, explaining that they have various meetings to attend and that they will be back to collect Tony tomorrow afternoon to bring him back to the Tower. He and Rhodey entertain themselves by complaining about the soap operas on TV before Rhodey passes out from exhaustion and leaves Tony to his thoughts.
“You’re seriously going to wait and escort me there.”
It takes FRIDAY a moment to respond. “Of course, Dr. Banner.”
“Do you want me to get Bruce?”
Rhodey is silent for a single, agonising second. “What’s wrong? Is everything okay?”
“Nat, put me on full screen,” he orders. Natasha complies instantly, though she shoots him a wary look before turning back around to look at Bucky, who stares at the camera in surprise.
Steve gapes at him. “I never wanted this-”
Steve looks down at the floor and chews on his bottom lip. Without looking up, because apparently Steve can stare the baddest of the bad in the eyes without flinching but can’t for the life of him make simple eye contact with Tony, the super soldier nods his head. “Okay,” he murmurs lowly. “I’ll try... I promise.”
It isn’t a question, Natasha knows, so she remains silent. Tony grumbles under his breath and he shuts his bedroom door firmly behind him to change his clothes. He pulls on a pair of black sweatpants and a deep blue Henley that’s a little too big for him (and probably Steve’s, since it was pushed to the back of his closet) and slips on his comfy trainers, also black but with white trim, and re-emerges from his bedroom. Natasha stands and eyes him approvingly before she leads the way to the elevator, red hair tied up in a high ponytail. She’s wearing a loose grey t-shirt with a sports bra underneath it, black running leggings, and white trainers. Tony envies her ability to look drop-dead gorgeous and deadly in everything she wears.
“Come back to bed with me.”
“Sir, there is some footage that I strongly recommend you view as soon as possible.”
“Great.” Tony nods a little to himself and quietly exits his bedroom. He rides the elevator down five floors and continues to tread lightly as he heads towards his destination, which is the specially modified Avengers gym. Tony isn’t sure what possessed him to come here of all places, since it’s usually the Captain’s happy place in the Tower whenever he needs to burn off some steam, but Tony doesn’t think an engineering binge is what he needs right now and therefore the gym seems like the next best place. Besides, he likes the quiet.
“Okay, yes, I’ll do it,” Steve splutters. He feels too surprised to do much of anything else, and he’s positive that it shows on his face. “If- If you’re sure no one else can, then of course I’ll do it.”
Tony returns to the Tower hours later with a killer hangover, bandages and the like covering both of his hands and down along his forearm. The doctor specifically told Natasha and Rhodey, who were both hovering like mother hens the entire time, that Tony is not allowed to do any strenuous activity of any kind for at least a month and a half. Who knew inventing was classified as a strenuous activity? Ignoring his killer migraine, Tony bitches about it the entire way back until Rhodey turns around and glares at him.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony grunts in disappointment and scrubs a hand over his face. “Keep me posted. Oh, and cancel my meetings for tomorrow. I’m going to bring Pep and Happy back to their apartment tomorrow, just to be safe.”
“We were, um, we need-”
“Of course I don’t want my business to fail, Pepper, but did you hear what he said to me?! There’s no way that I was going to let that slide, let alone go into business with him. You were sick of him, too, admit it! If you ask me, it was a close call. He sounded just like -” Tony stops abruptly, unable to form the words
Tony clenches his jaw and turns his back to him. “Steve.”
, he thinks.
“You know, don’t you?”
“I do,” exclaim Tony and Happy in unison. Both men look at each other, startled, and then laugh.
“Already on it, boss,” she replies. “It appears that your ring and middle finger on your right hand are broken and your wrist is sprained, and one of your knuckles on your left hand is fractured. I would recommend you receive immediate medical assistance.”
“I think my last message was clear enough, Tasha.” Tony raises his eyebrows at her and the corners of Natasha’s lips lift up in a smile. Bruce glances at her and then at the camera in confusion, clearly not having been told of Tony’s outburst at Steve in the training room.
“You already
Tony nods his head slowly but gives no verbal reply. After another moment of eye contact, Natasha swipes Tony’s feet from under him with a vicious grin. The engineer yelps as his back hits the mat and glares up at the redhead, who looks thoroughly delighted at having caught him off guard.
“Are you alright, мой дорогой?” Tony nods shakily and Natasha purses her lips. “Wait there while I get the wheelchair, and Rhodey and I will bring you to the penthouse. The doctor said lots of rest, so you’re getting it one way or another, Tony.”
Before Steve can say anything else, the doors are opening and the sound of clanging metal fills his ears. The super soldier takes a cautious step forward, keeping a watchful eye out for any flying objects that could hit him, and he bites back a smile as he hears Tony’s indignant voice in his head exclaiming: “One time, Steve! It was
Pepper eyes him critically and Steve shoves his hands inside the pockets of his pants so that he doesn’t fidget. “Good,” she says after a long silence. “I know that Tony will blame himself and there’s nothing anyone can do about that, but I also know that his guilt will drive him insane if he doesn’t catch who’s behind all of this and
“Noted.”
“Does it not defeat the purpose of subtly hinting if you
3) I convinced myself that I was bereft of inspiration yet wrote many other pieces for other ships on my laptop and politely ignored the one fic I actually had to update.
“Don’t act like I’m not agreeing with you, Tones, but we don’t know anything for sure. Like it or not, all we’ve got to go on is a theory.”
“Yes, Captain. Mr. Stark has asked to be alerted of every person wishing to gain access to his workshop as well as his private floor, including Ms. Potts and Colonel Rhodes.”
“You knew he was in here the whole time and didn’t say anything?” he asks.
“I- uh,” Steve stutters, thrown completely off guard. “That’s not the whole reason, but yes.”
“Something needs to be done about him,” says Clint to break the deafening silence amongst the rest of the Avengers, who are now standing awkwardly around the communal floor. They have remained in silence for the better part of an hour, which was long enough for Wanda to return and immediately start to worry about what happened while she was out.
Tony and Rhodey share a look. “Well, I’m flattered that you’ve all come to my aid so quickly, but I don’t need it. Sit down.”
“Steven Grant Rogers!” exclaims Tony with an over-exaggerated gasp. “What have I done to you? You have turned into a filthy, filthy old man.”
Natasha takes a long enough pause that everyone begins to think that she has finished her rant, but after another drawn out moment she speaks up again, eyes still locked with Steve’s.
, FRIDAY.”
and Pepper seems to deflate like a balloon, giving him a sad look. Tony swallows and looks away from her. “He sounded just like Howard. I spent 21 years dealing with him, so there’s no way that I’m going into business with another abusive bastard just like him.”
“It’s fine,” replies Tony. Steve cannot hide the hurt in his eyes at the abrupt answer and Tony’s expression turns stoic.
to have to scratch myself ‘til I bleed every time you act like this is
did it.”
Tony stares blankly ahead for a moment before blinking rapidly. “Well, good morning to me,” he mutters, scrubbing a hand over his face.
“Sure thing, Brucie Bear,” murmurs Tony tiredly. Bruce places a warm, comforting palm on Tony’s shoulder before he leaves. Wanda hops into the vacated barstool and throws Tony a small smile before gratefully accepting her plate of pancakes from Sam. Clint accepts his with a lot less manners, only remembering to thank the chef after shoving the entire first pancake into his mouth. He grins at Sam instead, which results in a lot of half-chewed food on display.
“Every time I think I’ve made my mind up about you, you surprise me,” he tells Tony, who laughs coldly.
A brief flash of hurt appears on Steve’s face before he flees from the room. Bucky makes an attempt to give chase, but Natasha grabs him by the flesh arm and shakes her head. He could easily break free from her grasp if he so wished, but Bucky realises that it’s probably best if Steve cools down for a bit. He’ll find him later.
Tony walks towards the corner of the room where three black punching bags dangle from the ceiling in a straight line and stares at one of the heavy bags for a moment before punching it with all his might. He then swings for another punch, and another, and another, and resolutely ignores the screaming pain in his bones as he continues to lash out on the bag which, thanks to his upgrades, has barely taken any damage minus the blood smeared all over it. Tony only pauses in his assault of the bag to wipe some of the blood from his knuckles off on his t-shirt. He’s not sure how long he is in the gym trying to take all of his problems out on an inanimate object, but it’s long enough that his once clean grey t-shirt is now drenched in blood and sweat and, hell, probably some tears. Tony only ceases punching when the pain in his hands becomes too unbearable, and when he looks down at them he finds them caked in blood and bent in awkward ways. It hurts too much to straighten his fingers out from the tight fists his right hand is curled in but, unlike the right hand, his left hand is unable to even form a fist. Tony heaves a heavy sigh and holds both hands close to his chest.
“Will do, sir.”
“I know,” Tony cuts in. Steve’ entire being screams painfully awkward right now, and Tony sighs. “Well, Cap, I guess you’re off duty and free to go. Barnes is probably wandering around the Tower like a lost puppy without you.”
“I’m afraid that no new information has been discovered yet, boss. What I
“Ms. Potts is approaching the workshop, boss.”
Happy grunts from next to him and weakly slaps Tony’s shoulder. “I did not need that image in my head.”
Tony looks up just in time to see Steve whack Bucky on the arm with a glare. A small smirk appears on his lips and when Steve sees this he sighs gently and runs a hand over his face.
Tony nods in understanding. “I do.”
“Got it, boss. The Captain, along with Sergeant Barnes, Dr. Banner, and Ms. Maximoff, have taken the fire escape stairwell and are awaiting further orders.”
‘Steve,’ Tony whispers, in a voice so soft Steve is helpless but to look at him.
- are we if we don’t even try? God knows that Tony has tried to help all of us enough times. Clint, you remember when Tony heard that you couldn’t sleep because every time you would close your eyes you felt as if you were back under Loki’s control? What did Tony do?”
have the morning to themselves, they usually always spent it catching up on precious sleep or lazy morning handjobs. A part of Steve always wished for a quieter, domestic life with Tony so that they could enjoy mornings in bed together and actually eat home-cooked meals instead of a constant string of take-out but, hey, they were still happy so that’s all Steve cared about.
At that, Tony practically sprints towards the elevator, nearly tripping on the blanket still wrapped around him and shielding his eyes from the outside glare. He reaches the lower level in no time, and finds Bruce sitting at the breakfast bar with the newspaper in his hands and a mug of steaming coffee on the marble countertop in front of him. Sam is whistling along to the radio as he pours some pancake batter into a sizzling pan. They both look up once Tony enters, and share equally amused looks.
“Let’s test out how enhanced your body really is, hmm?”
Bruce shakes his head with a sad smile. “No, he hasn’t been hiding it. It was actually quite obvious, but we have all been too busy to notice that there was something more than just heartbreak getting him down. We should have seen it sooner.”
FRIDAY pauses. “No, Captain, he has not.”
“That,” says Natasha. She pauses to take a sip of orange juice. “is very true.”
“You’re a doctor, ain’t ya?” snarls Barnes. He barrels on without waiting for a response. “So, fix it. That’s what doctors do.”
" - and Steve cannot help but think that Erskine is just another person he has failed, no matter his efforts. How can he possibly be Steve Rogers, ‘the good man’, when the person he loves more than anything in the world won’t even meet his eyes?
Pepper remains silent for a moment. “Is this because of-”
Natasha rolls her eyes. “Shut up, mудак,” she tells him fondly.
care about you.”
Steve wakes up with a lazy smile on his face, turning over onto his side to wrap his arms around his sleeping boyfriend only to find the space empty. He frowns and, with his eyes still closed, gropes around the cool bedding before he finally gives in and peels his eyes open. Worry sets in as Steve sits up in his bed, wondering where Tony could possibly be gone, until reality bites him in the ass. Hard. The super soldier sighs softly and lay back down in his bed.
Tony takes in a deep, soothing breath and proceeds to get extremely drunk.
An hour later sees Tony cursing Natasha and the entire universe because of her ‘light exercise’. He lay in the middle of the boxing ring, wheezing and spluttering while Natasha calmly sips at her bottle of water and watches Tony with a small yet genuine smile. She waits for Tony to hoist himself up using the rope of the ring before she sets her bottle down and raises her fists. Tony rolls his eyes yet raises his also and they begin sparring again, Tony managing to block a few punches until a very powerful blow knocks him in the stomach and he stumbles backwards, suddenly feeling woozy.
Right now, Tony doesn’t feel anything. He just feels numb and alone with only his alcohol and depressing memories as company. Tony gathers up the pictures and papers and brings them, along with his beer and lighter, out onto the landing pad. There’s hardly any breeze at this time in the evening, so Tony is able to set the papers and photographs onto the ground without them blowing away. He stares at the photo of his father lying atop everything else and crouches down next to the pile, continuing to stare at the photo even as he ignites the lighter and sets it all on fire. Tony discovers that watching his father’s smirking face melt away to nothing is rather soothing.
Everyone stares at Tony in shock but Tony only has eyes for Steve (and not in the romantic sense, this time). Emotion seems to roll over Steve’s face like a tidal wave until he breathes in a deep, shaky, breath and exhales slowly, and when his eyes open again the usual bright blue of them has been replaced by a dull, darker shade. The super soldier’s face remains a carefully constructed poker face.
Tony fucks up, and then tries to fix himself. Steve only wants to help, so why does he have to lie?
Steve’s eyes widen and he takes an eager step forward. “Sorry, but what did this man look like? Did you see his face?”
Tony grimaces and his elation at his new-and-improved body and health vanishes almost instantly. Pepper will
“Nice to see you again, James,” she greets him.
“Of course, sir.”
Steve sucks in a breath and musters up a frown, head tilting. He knows the expression that’s on his face, knows the relief and awe and adoration is shining true as he beams down at Tony a few feet away, just as Steve knows that were his past-self not so completely enamoured with the man he would hear them right now, clear as day.
smokeynights
Tony straightens some shit out, and Steve pays a visit to the hospital.
Pepper, bless her soul, appears at the end of the hallway and raises her eyebrows. “You boys okay back there?” she asks.
’ This only solidifies Tony’s theory. He will kill Spymaster for Happy, and for Pepper, and for himself. He sees both sides, and chooses the one he thinks will end more positively for him and the people he cares about. He needs to do this. It’s the best option.
FRIDAY agrees and Tony quickly dresses into a random shirt and jeans and barely gets time to tug a pair of socks onto his feet before he hears the elevator arrive. He emerges from his bedroom warily and sees Barnes already sitting on the couch. Tony feels a sense of déjà vu and his mind supplies him with the blurry image of Bucky sitting on the couch across from Tony, talking about Tony’s
Tony nods and flees from the room before anything else can be said. Steve is left staring after him, wanting nothing more than to run after his ex-lover but knowing that it would be unwelcome. Steve is left with a single thought running through his mind like a mantra:
“How are they?” asks Clint. Tony flinches, and he’s absolutely certain that everyone catches it. He ignores the pity in their eyes and absentmindedly scratches at the scars on his arms before stuffing is hands deep into his pockets.
Tony nods in agreement. “Yep.”
“Tony, play nice,” warns Natasha from where she is leaning against a table at the far side of the lab next to Bruce. Tony salutes her mockingly.
Everyone pauses to take in what Bruce has just told them. Natasha looks down at her shoes, feeling much more upset than she would ever care to admit. Steve looks absolutely heartbroken as he stares at Bruce with his large blue eyes, shimmering with tears. Rhodey is the only one that dares to speak up, and his voice is shaking with anger when he does.
“Boss, did the doctor not inform you to rest? I have taken the liberty of-”
Steve can feel Bucky’s intense stare as he gazes straight ahead with his lips parted in surprise. It takes a moment, but Steve manages to clear his throat and mutter a half-assed excuse to Bucky under his breath as he practically flees from their floor. Ignoring his friend’s bewildered expression, Steve waits for the elevator doors to shut behind him before he orders: “Take me to wherever Tony is.”
Pepper cuts him off with a sigh. “I really wish you wouldn’t do that. You know I hate it.”
need to say it, okay? When we first started dating, I made a promise to you that I would never intentionally hurt you. I broke that promise, whether I realised it at the time or not doesn’t count because I realise it now and you have every reason to hate me. I know that I screwed up big time, but I will never stop trying to earn your trust and forgiveness unless you can tell me with 100% certainty that you don’t want this, that you don’t want us.”
Bucky holds Natasha’s gaze determinedly but a look of shame appears on his face. Finally, Natasha turns to Steve and sighs heavily at the stricken expression that has taken over his face.
“How did you just decide to walk away even though you knew you loved him? I know I still don’t fully understand all these emotions, but I can’t imagine ever willingly letting go of someone that you love. Did it not hurt?”
a sudden noise would frighten Tony,
‘Steve,’ Tony repeats. ‘Did you always – Did I never notice?’
. Happy’s in a bad way, they’re about to take him away in an ambulance and I’m going with him, but I had to call and tell you.” Pepper’s voice is frantic and full of worry, and she sounds like she’s trying very hard not to cry. What she says next leaves Tony feeling vulnerable and scared and downright
“Good. Now I know that it represents who I am,” Tony snarks. He means for it to come out as a joke, but Pepper’s smile loses its amusement and she looks at him sympathetically.
The bathroom door down the hall opens and out walks Steve. He locks eyes with Tony and they both freeze. Steve’s eyes drift to the picture on the wall and his eyes are softer when he looks at Tony again.
“Shall I look up relaxing vacation destinations, boss?”
It’s weird for him, seeing Pepper in her more casual clothes for the first time in months. She looks as gorgeous as ever, though, in her denim skinny jeans, white blouse, and black blazer paired with black strappy heels. Tony sees the baby blue Michael Kors bag slung over her shoulder and recognises it as one he bought her, maybe a year or so ago.
“No shit, Sherlock.”
Natasha uses Tony’s vulnerability against him and uppercuts his jaw, sending his head back and causing his vision to blur slightly. Her fist flies towards his face again but Tony catches it with his hand and bends her arm, not getting a chance to see Natasha wince as he has to duck to avoid a punch from her other hand. Seeing the opportunity, Tony tackles her onto the mat and they begin to wrestle for the upper hand. Natasha manages to roll them over and pin Tony’s arms beneath her so that she can assault his faced with her fists, but Tony’s new strength allows him to throw her across the gym with hardly any struggle. Sweat is pouring down his neck, back, arms, legs, and even getting into his eyes, but Tony is too focused on the fight to notice. Blood trickles down Natasha’s pale face and drips off of her chin but there isn’t a trail of sweat on any obvious part of her body, which Tony isn’t the least bit surprised by.
Natasha squeezes his shoulder again comfortingly and she gives him an encouraging smile before turning her gaze upon Sam, Wanda, and Bucky who are standing side-by-side in the kitchen. “Tony barely knew Sam and even fought against him, but that didn’t matter when he found out that the community centre would be demolished and never rebuilt. Tony funded it’s refurnishing, and continues to fund it to this day so that Sam can continue his support groups there because he knows that it’s Sam’s way of coping as well as his way of helping others.” Sam looks away from Natasha’s eyes and twiddles his thumbs awkwardly.
“Fix it,” he grits out. Bruce blinks at him.
Tony is shaking his head before Steve even finishes his sentence. “Don’t get Bruce. No Bruce. Get Nat – yeah, Tasha, get her – wait, no, I’m drinking her vodka. Don’t get her.”
“You are available tomorrow, correct?”
“Good morning, boss.”
“The history of Spymaster is unknown, Captain Rogers, though it is very likely that he has had firsthand experience with explosives. The fact that it was homemade matters very little now as hardly any of it is left and so far no fingerprints or other samples of DNA have been detected, not that anyone expected there to be.”
“Jetlag is the worst,” says Bruce solemnly. Bucky glances at the doctor and then back at Tony. "But you're lucky it's only three hours and not twenty four."
“I can assure you, Captain Rogers,” FRIDAY interjects firmly. “You were not the first choice. Mr. Stark would much rather be in your position, but he is unable to reschedule his meetings and Ms. Potts does not take kindly to hired help. It would be much less catastrophic for Mr. Stark if you were to act as their bodyguard for the day.”
The doors slide open and Tony stumbles into the car park. Rhodey manages to steady him, though he nearly falls out of his wheelchair in the process. Natasha unlocks the black SUV and carefully guides Tony into the backseat while Rhodey takes the passenger’s seat. She straps Tony in, mindful of his hands, and allows her eyes to linger on the dazed expression on her friends’ face before she sighs and closes the car door. As she folds Rhodey’s wheelchair up to place in the boot of the vehicle she casts Steve a glance over her shoulder and raises her eyebrow.
“Unbelievable. You don’t have to stand up for him just because he’s a fuckin’ alcoholic. He shouldn’t get-”
“Agent Barton is watching the Teleshopping commercials on his and Agent Romanoff’s floor but it appears that the others are fast asleep, boss.”
“I guess one thing ya don’t exaggerate ‘bout is your intelligence,” Bucky breathes. “Thanks.”
“Nicely done, Tony,” she praises, and he releases her wrists and falls down onto the mat beside her with a smile.
The doctor seems to think something over in his mind before he nods his head slowly. He eyes Pepper and Tony’s interlocked fingers before he motions for them both to follow him. He leads them down various corridors and up a set of stairs until they stop outside hospital room number 182. The doctor opens the door and steps aside to allow Tony and Pepper to enter the room first. The blinds are drawn on the door and windows so that people on the outside are unable to look in, and the bedside lamp is the only source of light in the room. Tony hears Pepper gasp faintly as the doctor shuts the door to give them privacy, and she sits in the chair at Happy’s bedside to grab his hand and brush her lips across his knuckles.
Tony ignores him in favour of staring at the newspaper headline of his parents’ death - caused by the man standing in the same room as him, talking to him as if their deaths meant nothing. Tony feels the hatred that he usually stifles stir deep inside of him and he glares at the other man vehemently.
'Are you asleep?'
Christmas in the Stark household was never really a thing...
Steve also tidies up after they've eaten and puts the leftovers into a little plastic box in the fridge.
'That's disturbing,' he wrinkles his nose.
'Yeah, come on baby,' Tony stands up. 'I have to get some work done downstairs so...'
He hesitates as he looks around the entrance hall before he drops his duffle. He keeps his shield with him.
'With you momentarily,' Jarvis replies.
‘Good
She rolls her eyes at him,
They're quiet for a few minutes.
'Is not Cap's fault I had to pee,' Pete pouts.
Tony looks at him silently for several long moments then looks back at his tablet,
Pete grins.
Bruce mutters under his breath.
Steve looks up in surprise,
'Tony?'
'Tony,' she smiles, 'whenever we meet you always seem to have so much going on.'
'How did you find out?' Steve has learnt it's not worth beating around the bush with Tony.
'Sir, your food has arrived and is approaching on the lift,' Jarvis informs him.
'Ok,' Steve gets up and goes back to the coffee machine, 'thanks.'
Tony is rubbish at this sort of thing.
'Would you like some, Tony?'
'I never meant for him to know,' he sighs. 'I knew he wouldn't want... How did this happen?'
‘I’m going to, Cap.’
'Make it good,' Tony grins but it looks forced.
‘I can,’ Jarvis’ voice floats over them. ‘Sir’s summary of my creation is not inaccurate and I take no offence.’
'You close, pet?' Tony rakes his fingers across Steve's shoulders. Steve is making soft whimpering noises against his neck as he grinds them together. He kisses the taller man's face and coaxes him into loosening his arms.
Well, decision time...
'Please...' Steve's hands flail before clenching into fists at his sides.
Rhodes doesn't look entirely convinced.
Steve is getting flirting advice from his partner's AI.
‘Jarvis,’ Steve begs, ‘you can get a message to Tony?’
'We're playing with the Lamborghini,' Pete tells him.
'He doesn't trust me.'
‘Of course, sir.’
Steve smiles winningly,
Dada gives better hugs.
'Time travel?' Tony lifts his head and receives a kiss to his temple for his trouble.
'I wasn't sure Captain America would be very reassuring,' Steve shrugs, 'he's very young.'
'Tony...'
'The little one is clever!'
When did he start eating this muffin?
'I'm not Dummy,' he gets a poke on the nose. 'I'm Pete.'
'Where are you ordering from?' Steve closes his sketchbook.
'I did not.'
Steve refuses to look away but he can feel the guilt gnawing at him,
Steve had actually forgotten that there are four other ‘people’ in the room with them. Dummy is looking at him strangely.
'Shut up,'
'Hey, baby,' he murmurs into his son's hair. 'It's ok. I'm right here and I have your elephant.'
'That's slander Cap,' Tony grins and leans to the side to fire off a shot. 'I dare you to prove it in court.'
'It's alright,' Steve another step towards him. 'You're alright, Tony. Just breathe.'
*          *          *
*          *          *
'He's...'
Steve tightens his grip on Tony’s waist and tries to control his breathing.
'What's this?' Tony smoothes it out.
'By that logic I could be dating all of you.'
‘Thanks,’ Tony’s voice comes from the suit and then he’s gone and speeding for home.
(See the end of the chapter for
‘What? What could you possibly be upset about?’
Blatant manipulation on his part.
Steve just smiles. Tony gestures off to the side and they move away from the bar. They stand together and watch the crowd.
‘Hey,’ Tony blinks at him. ‘Good, you’re here. Jarvis, call Pepper and Rhodey.’
Tony said, when he first received the phone, that he’d help him if he ever needed it, so, ok, he’ll go and ask Tony.
'You not being real,' Rhodey replies dryly.
'I want to stay with Dada,' Pete objects.
'Sir, you have five new messages and I believe Captain Rogers has been expecting you.'
Tony hums and pulls back enough to coat a finger in saliva, then, in a single move, he swallows Steve's cock all the way down and presses a finger in to unerringly press against his prostate.
The sofa!
'Reminder created,' Jarvis confirms quietly.
‘It’s alright, Tony,’ Steve tells him and squeezes his hand tighter when Tony just stares up at him.
'And you haven't even seen my bed yet,' Tony's wearing a very smug smirk.
To reassure you, Tony will end up telling Steve, but I'm not going to spoil anything by telling you when or how it goes :)
'You're leaving?'
'If you would be so kind as to return to the ballroom so that I might calibrate the sensors,' Jarvis requests.
'Let's get out of here,' Steve decides. 'We don't need to wait for SHIELD and the quicker we get back to the helicarrier, the quicker we can get home.'
'Hey kid,' Clint comes to stand beside Natasha. 'How's being the first born son of an over generous billionaire treating you?'
‘Doesn’t matter,’ Tony dismisses, ‘now’s fine. Stand there. Your feet shoulder’s width apart and your arms straight out to the sides.’
'Clint is an idiot,' Tony tells him.
Two short chapters. Sorry!
Hulk flinches even worse than Steve and his whine is almost heartbreaking.
There must be a law, or something, about making Captain America beg.
'I didn't think you'd want this,' Tony is suddenly looking him in the eye. 'Come on, Cap, none of this is fair on you.'
At two in the afternoon Steve's phone rings and a picture of Tony appears on the screen.
Give me a minute on the next chapter..
'Not that you make that easy...' Pepper interrupts to complain.
'The Tower is at more of a risk from me and Thor than from Bruce.'
'You're sick, Dada?' Pete's so immediately worried.
Steve has really no idea how to deal with them.
'I want to stay with you.'
'Oh,' her gaze flicks between Pete and Tony, 'but only a little helicopter?'
'But he does like art!' Tony points out. He's a little proud of himself. 'And I didn't buy it, Howard did, so it's different.'
'Language,' Steve appears from the dining area and sounds like he may have said that word quite a few times today.
'We just need to be friends,' he reasons. 'He can be happy like that, right?'
'Hey, Cap.'
'Tony?' Steve hugs him closer.
'Tony?'
'Do it,' Tony agrees. 'Let's get this ball rolling. Send messages to all our other teams; they need to start planning for the switch over. We'll alternate between east and west and work our way north.'
(See the end of the chapter for
‘Six days,’ Steve repeats, relieved. ‘Ok.’
'Jarvis, where're Pepper and Rhodey?'
'They were to apologise,' Tony replies quietly, 'for not trusting you.'
Tony hesitates,
'He's not lent me a car before,' Clint gets behind the wheel.
'It was his tip,' Steve tells him, 'that makes it his mission and his data. You're the one that made him a consultant and not a full Avenger.'
'You are too wonderful,' he tells him and reaches for his pants.
‘This is Stark we’re talking about,’ Clint smirks but it’s a frayed expression, ‘you think he trusted us before?’
Steve hugs him against his chest.
'You're hungry?' Steve all but pulls him into his kitchen. 'Here, sit, I'll make some pasta.'
Steve laughs; a marked improvement over a few weeks ago when he would have flinched and glared angrily.
Pete attacks his breakfast with enthusiasm but he still seems subdued.
The light show hovering over the table is a little distracting.
Tony just winks and disappears into his bedroom.
'Yes, sir,' Jarvis confirms his guess.
'Steve, are you ok?' she's just as good at reading him like this than in person.
Steve scowls,
'You'd like kids, Spangles?' Tony gets up and turns away as he heads over to his bar.
'Ok,' Steve walks across the room. 'Don't worry; your Dada hasn't gone far. Jarvis, what's Tony doing right now?'
'Really?'
'Hey,' Steve risks gripping his friend's shoulder, 'you were a baby. What could you possibly have done to deserve that?'
'You know he'd 'do right' by Jim.'
He sits inside so that he can't see the tower every time he looks up and so that he can put his back to a wall and keep looking at this picture of his son.
'Sure you are,' he opens one eye to see Steve crouching beside the sofa looking at him. 'Except for this little nap you've been awake for around thirty six hours.'
It's too rare to have a sleepy Tony in his arms.
'That's great Tony,' she can feel his enthusiasm and grins back at him as he strips off his suit. 'What was wrong with that suit?'
Aren't friends supposed to be more supportive than this?
'Right,' Steve opts to agree. 'How were your meetings?'
Surely this isn't a fair question under these circumstances?
'Well, it wouldn't be the first time you've offered me your bed,' he replies.
‘Sure,’ is all Tony says for the next hour.
'I promise,' Steve agrees readily.
'No,' Steve sighs, 'I guess not.'
'There's that,' Steve smiles despite himself.
Steve knows the blood has just drained from his face,
'Not yet,' Tony hovers into the air, 'do you want to drill some holes for me?'
'Takes one to know one,' Tony pats his shoulder.
'Shit... Stark's on it though; he'll get him back,' Clint puts a hand on his arm.
'Lo,' Pete climbs up and crawls over to him with his blanky.
'Don't!' he shouts.
There is a reason not everybody else in the entire world has an arc reactor.
'Is this a bet you lost?'
'I flirt a lot,' Tony clarifies, 'but I wouldn't ever cheat. I mean; I assume you want exclusive? I never thought to ask but I wasn't going to be straying and maybe you want to keep your options open and that's fine but just so you know I'll just be...'
'You'll listen out for her, Jarvis?'
'Sir, may I ask why you are dismissing Captain Rogers as a potential match?'
‘Hey, come on Cap, deep breaths now,’ he abandons the mug and stands by Steve awkwardly.
'True.'
'Dada,' Pete wraps his arms around his neck.
'I press kisses to your jaw and bite on your ear just to make you desperate. I tease you before letting you kiss me and then I keep the kisses light. What do you do, sugar?
'Pete, he's not leaving without you,' he tells him quickly.
Clint and Bruce have both said good night and left so Steve has turned off the television and asked Jarvis to play some music. He doesn’t need to ask the AI to play it quietly; Jarvis is perfectly aware of the desire not to wake Tony.
'Well, your plan worked,' Tony tells him as he allows the cuddle.
'We're... watching cartoons now?' Steve asks.
'Be careful with him,' she instructs firmly then looks back at the tv.
'Yes, that'll be fine,' Steve blurts and then blushes. 'You know that's fine. I'm going now. See you at breakfast.'
The workshop readings are thrown at him,
Huge brown eyes just gaze up at him before a moment before the boy curls into his side and promptly falls asleep.
'For...' he gestures vaguely behind him.
'He's starting to listen to you,' Natasha says, approvingly.
‘You… you know you broke up with Ms Potts?’ Steve struggles.
'No pets,' Tony looks back down. 'Perfect, that's the first thing he can resent me for.'
Steve keeps very still.
'My saviour,' Tony sits beside his son and pulls his coffee to his chest.
such a thing as
'Jarvis, is Pete ok? Did Tony get him back?'
'Breakfast, Cap!' Pete pats his chest.
'I never thought you'd want to take him,' Tony fidgets before putting down the tablet.
'He's trusting me with Pete,' he grins, 'you're just here to drive the car.'
,' Tony sidles away from him.
‘Jet lag,’ Tony responds promptly. ‘She flew a long way to be here.’
'I'll see you tomorrow for breakfast?' Steve cuts in as Tony stands, being careful not to jolt his son.
'What about the others though? Bruce, Pepper, Colonel Rhodes and Jarvis all knew too.'
'Fine,' Natasha says before groaning quietly.
'He can't buy my forgiveness with this,' he adds as he strips off his shirt.
'I'm on my way and yes; like we discussed. And get some photos of me near a hospital on the internet dated over the last few months. Make them the normal 'omg it's Tony Stark!' postings and we'll see if anyone joins the dots and guesses about Jim.'
Steve closes his eyes briefly as what feels like a roll of energy washes over him. His hips jerk as he moans,
'Good boy,' he heads out.
‘Alright, I’m going home then,’ Tony winces as he straightens his right arm against his side. ‘Jarvis, lock off my right arm as much as you can; I’ll adapt to steer without it,’ the faceplate snaps down as the repulsors fire.
'Hey Jarvis,' he smiles, 'Tony's been working hard then?'
'Probably wise,' Bruce smiles.
‘He’s in lone wolf mode, Cap,’ Clint disagrees. ‘He doesn’t know us.’
'Yeah, sure,' is the response.
Hulk blinks as he considers this information,
'I didn't... I got the elephant!'
He really needs to move these damn muffins or even with his incredible metabolism he's going to get fat.
*          *          *
He shrugs,
'A pretty exclusive event! I hear our readers can get involved in the fun at home by bidding on an online auction of items donated by various guests; did you donate anything?'
'I do,' Tony agrees with a smirk.
He'll admit that the look he shoots at the other man doesn't actually answer the question.
Cap has his bag.
'I should have expected it as soon as you got out the screwdriver.'
'Yeah,' Tony nods, 'Steve; the guy raised to believe the only way to have a family is a man and a woman who love each other and are married. He's from the forties, Pep.'
'You're being ridiculous!'
And then they found a dart board and Clint showed him how to throw knives at it, which was brilliant even though he wasn't allowed a turn.
'I promise,' he agrees and lands to let Pete down. 'Jay, tell Pete how to find Cap, ok?'
He steps through another door and comes face to face with a wide eyed young man,
'I can't be with him,' he dismisses, 'not like that.'
,' Clint snaps and gets to his feet even as Natasha grabs his arm.
'Jarvis isn't here,' Pete climbs under the covers next to him. 'Dada isn't here either.'
'Not just when we meet,' he settles onto the sofa opposite her and skilfully ignores the photographer. 'I've always got a lot going on.'
Steve's heart stops.
He retreats to his room to get dressed as Pete curls up with his tablet on the couch.
'Why?' Pete wonders.
Second chapter as promised!
‘Hey, Cap.’
'I have more uses for you than just your money,' Steve tells him and then places a steaming pile of pasta and sauce in front of him.
‘Eight days,’ Jarvis corrects.
'Are you two ok?' Rhodey asks after a few moments of silence.
'Captain, I have not known you for long enough to know if you actually wish for a recap of...'
'I do not have the data to reach a conclusion either way,' Jarvis tells him.
'But you deserve one,' Tony informs him resolutely.
'Ms Potts has left instructions for me to contact her once you are awake.'
'I shall endeavour not to, sir,' Jarvis snarks. 'The toys are being loaded onto the lift.'
'It's ok,' he smiles, 'you can have sprinkles.'
The sound of the lift opening again and the coffee machine starting is something of a surprise.
'Tony...' Pepper arrives and moves quickly to his side.
'Good night, sir.'
'What will fix this is me trusting him,' he disagrees. 'I don't know that I can.'
Steve's world is slipping out of his carefully constructed grip; he doesn't doubt his own worth, but Tony seems almost indifferent to his presence.
Jarvis doesn't reply.
'Oh fuck I'm a terrible parent,' Tony declares and disappears back towards the bedrooms.
‘I didn’t expect you to stay.’
‘You ran off and avoided me for nearly a week,’ Tony disagrees.
He won't understand until Tony actually tells him that Jim literally has two fathers.
'I'm sure it'll come back to me.'
'Yes, sir.'
'If I'm right this entire situation could...'
'Jarvis,' Pepper considers her words so she doesn't offend the AI, 'you're keeping an eye on Peter?'
He licks the head of Steve's cock gently, just to see him squirm, and then moves up his body to press them chest to chest.
There’s no response.
‘Tony!’ Steve raises his voice over his friend’s. ‘I’m sorry about the other day; I never meant to make you uncomfortable.’
'That I love you!' Tony blurts. 'You're my best friend and my kid and my conscience... Please tell me we haven't been together that long and I haven't...'
Tony flinches again, which wasn't the reaction Steve was aiming for.
Cheers for all the reviews so far! I love hearing your opinions of the story. It's all very inspiring :-)
'You didn't take him?'
'Well, that's true,' he agrees as he considers the two empty mugs. 'You want another?'
Steve wonders when he became so pathetic.
As he moves to stand up Pete suddenly throws himself backwards out of his arms and scrambles across his father's legs to the other side of the bed,
'They cloned me,' Tony smirks, 'and I'm not your average guy.'
'Dada?'
'I'm sorry I didn't tell you, Steve, but I can't break the trust of a man who gives it so rarely and for some reason has given it to me.'
'How much money have you spent on watches that you never look at?' Natasha shakes her head.
'Of course, sweetheart,' Tony presses a kiss to his cheek. 'Save all that and shut down,' Tony instructs aloud even though he doesn't need to.
'Fine,' Tony stands up. 'Get someone to bring me a suit; I'll take a shower.'
'Yeah, sure,' it's not like Tony has watched TV for anything other than the news or the stocks in years.
*                                  *                                  *
'Ok,' Bruce agrees, probably ignoring that last part. 'Do you have any in mind?'
'Generally,' Tony grins at him.
'I'm going to come and get you, baby boy,' he promises, 'everything will be fine.'
'Can we go find him?'
'In my bedroom,' Steve refuses to watch the path of a water droplet as it slides down Tony's collarbone and then down across the arc reactor and... beyond.
'Sir, I am calling Captain Rogers,' Jarvis' voice reaches him through extremis.
'Hey,' Rhodey holds out a hand and Thor uses it to tug him into a hug.
'I'm going to worship you, Steve, you have no idea...' Tony presses kisses down his neck until he reaches  his t-shirt. 'Off,' he instructs and tugs on it.
Steve blushes,
Why did nobody tell him?
'The tally has reached three hundred and seventy eight, if you were wondering, sir.'
Tony just smiles and dodges away when Steve gives him a brief one armed hug. He does follow Steve downstairs for some actual food though and is truly delighted when Steve tells him he skipped debriefing.
'I won't bore you with the details, but they wanted a me loyal to them to make them tech,' Tony rolls his eyes. 'Guess they were playing the long game.'
‘Still not your call,’ she replies instantly then scowls. ‘What’s the last thing you remember?’
Tony smiles and presses soft kisses to Steve's lips,
The next thing he knows he's sitting up, with Tony in his lap, kissing passionately. Tony's arms are around his neck and Steve's fingers are digging into the genius' back.
'Did you sleep well, little warrior?' Thor smiles at him.
'I can't tell if you haven't quite noticed that we aren't in bed or if that is actually turning you on.'
'Mean,' Tony pouts at him.
Steve wonders if he'd be feeling jealous right now if he wasn't feeling so embarrassed.
'You need to sleep, Tony,' Steve tells him as gently as he can.
'You told me it was mutual.'
'He doesn't need to know,' Tony shrugs, his gaze settling on his son sleeping across the room.
Steve glances back at him; the bastard probably noticed he didn't mention that of course Maria died at the same time.
'It's an incredible watch,' Clint gestures through the glass. 'I borrow that card from Pete and Stark will never even know...'
'Can't,' Clint looks awkward. 'He blocked my number after I kept spamming him.'
She smiles,
Tony is having major pioneering surgery tomorrow.
'Yeah,' Tony forces his expression to gentle. 'It was great for me too.'
'Mostly,' he glances at Tony.
Steve feels himself freeze as Fury falls silent and stares at Tony.
This door opens on its own.
'That's just what I'd expect from Stark,' Clint grins. 'Come on, kiddo, let's get them all.'
'I can learn swords?' Pete leaps from the sofa and grabs his sword.
What?
‘Sir,’ the AI’s voice sounds relieved through the earpiece.
(See the end of the chapter for
There's no way Steve won't now have formed some theories.
‘Dada’s room is bigger,’ Pete tells him.
'Yes, sir?'
‘Tony?’
Fuck. The man is teetering on the edge and begging Tony to fucking bite him.
'You aren't dressed,' Pete scolds him as they head to the main room of the penthouse.
'Sure thing,' Tony agrees.
'Does Pepper have another Board Meeting for you?' Pete asks before cramming a large amount of food into his mouth.
'Please,' Steve realises he's panting.
Thank Thor for the Asgardian baby proofing, Tony grins to himself.
'Good, I won't be a moment,' she disappears down the hall.
'Steve?'
'I'm in my uniform,' he blurts.
It’s then that Steve realises that he’s determined to stay around Tony long enough to count as a constant.
'He does like you,' Bruce adds.
'I wouldn't have left if I thought he wasn't.'
‘Did you get that seen to?’ Steve asks.
'Oh,' Tony grins, 'alright then.'
'What's he done?'
‘Jarvis has brought up the blueprints,’ Tony informs him, then turns slightly to look at him. ‘You’re not scared of heights are you?’
Tony curses and is back his side removing the mug from his hands,
'It might be worth a try. How do you like your eggs?'
Steve gives him a very bewildered look and seems to be trying to think of an appropriate response before Tony cuts him off by sucking hard on his jaw.
'You are my favourite person,' Jarvis retorts.
He see Tony shoot a look at the camera that he's certain is for him,
‘Will you? Please?’ he asks, concluding the AI truly is a creation of Tony’s.
'Thank you, Steve,' Pepper smiles as Tony takes two from the top for his son before taking some for himself.
'You're lucky he didn't say anything to give you away.'
There's a small pause,
'Tony,' Steve speaks into his partner's shoulder, 'I am on your side, not Fury's; I would have told you.'
'Captain,' she leads him to a library and gestures him into a seat before sitting across from him, 'I owe you an apology.'
'They'll cope without me,' he hears a clinking sound and then the familiar whirring of one of Tony's expensive coffee machines. 'I've said the opening piece; Pepper will fight my corner until I get back.'
'Uh huh,' Pete confirms as he squirms to look back at the Mansion.
Steve stays silent; they clearly think they know something.
'Did you ask me here just to say that?'
'Yeah...' Tony tries to smile up at him. 'Timing, right?'
'If you hurt him there's a good chance the world will be plunged into a economic depression that it won't be able to recover from,' Clint tells him with a grin.
Clearly this child is a genius.
‘It means the casing is becoming loose in my chest,’ Tony snaps. ‘Back off!’
Pete falls back from the doorway in awe as they approach.
'We're collecting my friend Bruce and then we're flying home,' Tony tells the boy in his arms as he abandons the rest of his team to do the debriefing thing.
He really needs to have a talk with Tony now; clearly he's not made Tony properly aware of his belief that, despite Tony's own assertions, Steve does consider him a full member of the team. He needs Tony to know he would never withhold that sort of information from him on a technicality.
The meeting then spirals into an argument between Fury, Natasha and Clint. Steve isn't feeling sufficiently generous to assist the Director  beyond standing beside Clint ready to restrain him if necessary. Everyone is on their feet now, except Bruce, and it takes Steve a moment to realise that Tony's gone.
'You're dodging the question,' Pepper glares.
'It is most pleasing to make your acquaintance, Peter Jarvis Stark of Stark Industries,' Thor nods solemnly. 'I have bought you a mighty gift from Asgard's vaults; one befitting the heir of so generous and noble a warrior!'
Steve's head drops to rest on Tony's shoulder as he groans,
'Steve, come on, it was an honest accident,' Clint puts a hand on his back. 'Kids get lost all the time.'
'You know you can tell me to stop,' Tony tells him and then presses the tip of his tongue into Steve without waiting for a reply.
Steve watches him leave and then tidies up the remains of their lunch. After that he starts picking up Pete's toys which are pretty literally covering the entire penthouse floor.
A sound like that from Natasha is like screaming hysteria from anyone else.
'Yes, sir?'
'What time is it?'
'What?' he scowls. 'Pete?'
‘I don’t have any tea down here,’ Tony informs him; his fiddling is taking him gradually further from Steve. ‘And if one of them offers you a smoothie I would recommend some form of chemical analysis before consumption.’
‘Did you want something?’
And baring his gift.
'Tony?' Steve is gazing at him.
'If I agree to let you up,' Tony speaks between nips to Steve's throat, 'and we take this to the penthouse, will you stop stopping yourself making a sound?'
'Certainly, mister Stark.'
'Please, Tony's fine,' he gives her his trademark grin.
Steve whips his head back around, realising he's been staring at an empty doorway for a couple of minutes,
'Ha! I am single, but I'm afraid that won't be changing any time soon. I'm finding being a single father works quite well for me.'
'Sir, Peter is calling from an unknown number,' Jarvis interrupts him from finalising the locations for the sensors in the hallways.
'You just told me the guy has a crush on you, that doesn't sound like someone whose first thought will be to take your son away from you,' Rhodey points out.
So he stays.
'My suit is a work of art,' Tony interrupts, 'but I can't do this with it on.'
The next evening he’s watching a movie with Clint and Bruce. Clint is on the far right of the right hand sofa with Bruce to his left and Steve is on the left sofa, sitting so that he’s basically next to Bruce.
'Good,' Tony murmurs to him, 'you're brilliant darling. Relax for me pet, you know I won't hurt you. Tell me you want this, Steve. Tell me this is good for you.'
'I know how to handle the media,' Tony reminds her.
''Done' implies complete perfection and no future upgrades,' he tells him as he pours a beer. 'My work is never done.'
'Bruce, this is my son,' Tony tells him with a perfectly straight face.
The first few times Tony gives him baffled looks and keeps working on whatever he’s moved on to in the time it’s taken Steve to escape from SHIELD. After a while though he clearly comes to expect Steve to turn up and just smiles in a slightly exasperated way at the sight of his Captain.
