“Not really, they are able to subdue their vessel’s desires. Like hunger for example,” Cas shifts a little in his seat.
Dean drops his head, his hands clenched, jaw tight, brows furrowed; a sight reserved only for the people he plans on destroying.
Dean sighs, recognizing the road as the one that leads to the main entrance of the bunker. As he hesitantly turns right and onto it, a figure walking along the sidewalk on the far side of the road looks suspicious enough to catch Dean’s eye. They also seem to speed up when they see the car. It’s hard to really make anything out of the guy, but Dean doesn’t mistake that particular coat on that particular build.
All this late night driving seems to be getting to him, now that he’s thinking again. The way his thoughts are going, things almost sound… deep?
Then his moans halt, his body absolutely stiff, his eyes squeeze shut, and Dean’s hand feels warm where liquid has touched it.
“What’s wrong, black eyes? You don't want to cum for your dear friend Cas?” Cas’s brows slumped and his lips pouted, earning another grunt from the demon.
With furry, Cas stands up and tugs at his belt, sloppily pulling it off. Dean works on his button and zipper. Cas tugs the fabric down each leg, underwear along with it. He helps pull off Dean’s the rest of the way and they pause for second.
“And you’re Dean Winchester but that doesn't stop ME, now does it? Come on, get back in bed,” Crowley urges.
But he quickly realizes it’s not enough. Beer is to Dean as water is to people which means that he needs something stronger. It’s obvious mostly because he can still see him. The angel. His very own ‘it’s complicated’ situation. He shouldn’t ever have fucking crossed the line between friend and…
Dean rolls his eyes, “I know, I know, as an angel you don't have the capabilities to handle such emotional connection, or whatever, right.”
Dean breaks the kiss, “I want you, Cas - fuck, I can't - just make me stop thinking, I need you, I need to feel you, Cas.”
Then Cas has that look, the one that’s been seared into Dean’s mind, and drives him crazy. Then just as quickly is it comes, Cas’s lips are back on Dean, passion and need driving their every move.
Of course, Dean is well aware that all this should be happening with a certain coat-wearing, grace-having, bee-loving man but… oh well, it’s time to stop thinking.
P.s. the chapter title implies smut but I can assure you, there is none... for now anyway. And I will definitely inform you if there is any in the future.
After struggling to thoroughly dry off his body with a towel, his large cut making it impossible to do so without shooting pains, he gives up and puts on his loose sweatpants. He decides to leave off his shirt for the time being, so he can deal with this darned cut.
“He’s left a mark, Dean, laying with a demon has - you can't see your soul but I can and it’s,” Cas shut his eyes, “it’s horrible.”
“It’s nice right, to have someone touch you?” Dean’s own voice sounds a bit nervous, which is not anything like his usual self.
“But as a human they can’t,” Dean’s voice is edged with a certain undertone, but he chooses to ignore what that really means.
And sorry that these chapters aren't very long, I'm trying to work on adding more with chapters to come. Bare with me.
“I’m sorry, I just wanted you to stop,” Dean’s eyes search for any hint as to what he is really thinking, and as Cas speaks again, the emotion in his voice catches Dean off guard.
And in the end, the damn impatient Cas is the one to plant his lips on Dean’s. The roughness and bits of stubble shock him at first, as he remembers how truly male Cas’s body is, but he ignores it. Cas isn’t a dude, he’s just an ex-angel in a dude’s body.
Dean sits down in a chair beside him and he gets to work. Sam is clearly still upset with Dean but of course he’d still help out his brother. It’s one refreshingly nice gesture in a night full of mistakes.
And with that, Dean acts on more of his curiosity, reaching his hand out to rest it on Cas’s knee. He rubs a little down the inner side of Cas’s calf with his thumb.
With a sigh, he limply grabs at a napkin, halfheartedly wiping at his arm that’s still holding the steering wheel. Grunting, he gives up, opting to wash himself up when he gets back. But thinking about it, he really doesn’t wanna go back. In fact, going to the bar and almost getting laid before the guy wolfed out, that was all kind of fun actually. Maybe it’s fucked up but, it gave him perspective. He had been in the same position that a lot of people he saved (or was too late to save) were in. Being hunted unsuspectingly by a creature that goes bump in the night. Except Dean can fight them, which is more than a lot of people can say. But that is his job after all, to fight those kinds of things.
He steps into the shower, letting the warm water pelt his face free of the all the muck. As usual, any and all cuts sting and burn under the liquid, but it doesn’t even faze him anymore. He stands there a moment, feeling the wetness of his skin, letting the vapor in the air coat his lungs, and listening to the ethereal sound of water spraying out of a shower head. He sighs and stops thinking.
Then warm pressure rests on the areas just above Dean’s hipbones, and again, it really does feel good.
“You mean, have I engaged in,” he pauses, “sexual activity? No, I haven't and I don't think I plan to.”
He debates if he should stay here, comfortably lying down with a body close to him. It’s warm, relaxing, and tinged with a subtle yet engrossing feeling of obscenity. It would be so easy just to give in again, to the feverish desire that calls promising intoxication and euphoria.
"I see now that none of this meant anything," Cas utters. Watching him from behind, Dean notices the way Cas lowers his head, his shoulders sinking, and his arms suddenly dropping loose to his sides. “Perhaps this is my punishment for finding love.”
A few hours later, after they have all gotten safely back to the bunker, Dean looks into his mirror again. His heart beat steadily increasing and his breath quickening, but worst of all, his eyes are forming wet little droplets. He has to see Cas.
Castiel stood still for a few minutes. His heart bumping, bumping, bumping on his chest. He couldn’t focus on a single thought anymore… what was happening?
“I don't know how that’ll help you understand sensation,” Dean replies, wishing he could just rest his head on Cas’s soft, warm skin forever.
“Aw Dean, well alright if that’s how you want to show your love,” Crowley mocks in response. “Ya know, Dean, I’m not sure that this relationship is going to be very healthy if we keep threatening to kill each other.”
"Me? You make choices of your own will, if you didn't know," Crowley rebuttals, keeping his eyes on Dean to make sure he doesn’t do anything stupid - well - more stupid…
Cas took a minute to recompose, “you and I both know we’re past tenderness, unless of course you want to give up now,” Cas gave a casual shrug, meanwhile he felt anything but.
“Geez Dean, where - actually I really don’t wanna know where you are. Get back to the bunker. Now,” a truly pissed off Sam ends the call with a huff and Dean glances down at his blood-covered hands for a moment.
“It’s good to be human, huh?” Dean leans into Cas’s neck, kissing him and licking him until Cas turns his head and their lips touch.
Cas makes no move to object, his eyes even fluttering open and shut, like he is actually hoping that Dean will lean in.
“You’re absolutely right, Squirrel,” Crowley begins to move his hand from under Dean’s, heading slowly downward and marking a path from dean’s leg and to his inner thigh. The shock of his hand moving right there fully awakens Dean, who finally opens his eyes the rest of the way.
‘Zzzzzzz,’ his phone buzzes incessantly on his his thigh, and Dean mumbles out a, “yeah?” as he answers it.
“Yeah okay,” Dean mumbles, annoyed. He clamps his hand down onto Crowley’s, which had still been wiggling on Dean’s side. “When I get up I’m gonna shoot you in the face.”
Cas reached for the top of Dean’s pants, whisking off his belt and steadily zipping down. When all that stood between the contact they both desperately wanted was Dean’s underwear, Cas smiled triumphantly at how Dean’s cock was almost bursting out the seem. Cas tucked out Dean’s dick and used his thumb to graze the underside of his tip.
“No, Cas,” Dean smiles again, shaking his head, “for a guy that knows so much you really don't get subtleties huh?”
“Uh, okay, well that's good, really,” Sam sighed, visibly calming down, “now i'm curious, what did you do?”
Cas gives a small smirk, maybe even the first one that Dean has seen from the guy, and lies down next to him.
Dean comments, “earlier I asked if there was anyone you wanted to do that with, and then you get a boner. Hm, I think there’s something you’re not telling me.”
She called out to him, but he was already out the door. The light blinded his eyes a bit, as he had been at the shop all day and night. This never used to happen when he was…
Things get heated pretty quickly,  eliciting grunts and moans here and there. But there’s no connection, or soothing touch - nothing like…
‘Hot? I just called Cas hot? I called a dude hot? What am I doing? Cas is standing right here, with his freaking shirt off! What’s happening? What are we doing?!’
Going to Hell was… well, it had been hell. Being tortured, working for Alistair - he still has nightmares… But then - he was free. He can't explain it or even really remember it; all he knows is that it left something with Dean, to know that he’d somehow been someone worth trying to save.
“Give me some time with him,” Cas’s demand came out dark and gravelly, causing Dean to smirk and wink, knowing exactly how to tease the angered angel.
“Huh? I didn't quite catch that,” Cas pushed Dean further toward the edge, his thumb rubbing circles on the most delicate region of his body.
Dean clenches his jaw, and releases, quickly searching his scattering thoughts for what to say, “It’s not important. I’m gonna go try to sleep this off.”
And with that, the field becomes Dean’s room in the bunker. Reality begins to take focus in Dean’s mind, with one odd sensation that carries over from the dream. The damn tickling.
“Uh, alright,” Sam sounded unsure and took a beat to look between the offending men, but nevertheless left the dungeon, the door slamming behind him.
Maybe Dean should’ve know that Cas doesn’t understand that gesture but, nevertheless his confusion and innocence is absolutely hilarious. Dean expresses this with a giant chuckle.
Cas retracted his hand from Dean’s neck and placed it on his shoulder. Cas’s legs moved between Dean’s allowing for them to be more close to each other than they ever have been before.
“No, Cas, stop. please stop,” Dean opens his eyes, pleading again. Wishing that Cas would just save HIMSELF for once.
“Don’t say that, come on. Do you remember - um - last year when you were a human? Do you remember what it was like to crave someone?” Dean leans closer, just trying in any way to get through to him.
Dean continued long strings of swearing as Cas kept dipping a tiny bit on every part of Dean’s dick. “Okay okay I’ll cooperate just please!”
Now it’s time for Dean to stumble on his words, “you, you know - usually I’m with someone I - I want to have…”
“Hey, Cas,” Dean greets him once he sits down in the back seat. Dean leans back a little, locking his eyes with him for the first time in a while.
Dean watches that angel who is hovering just above him get lost in the feeling and touches and everything they once shared. Of course, it isn't the same, it can’t be, but there’s no point in thinking too hard about it.
They ignored him and walked down the first aisle, and Castiel sighed. At least he was being a good employee. Cas turned and checked on the Icee machine, analyzing its parts and testing the mechanisms. He also cleaned it a bit for good measure. The handle for the blue one was jammed, however, and Castiel rolled his eyes. It’s always the blue one.
“What next?” with each question it seems that Cas is less asking out of low confidence and more that he just simply doesn't know how this works. In fact, he’s kind of a virgin, huh?
“Fuck,” Dean breathed his eyes closed tightly and as Dean fell on the brink of cumming, Cas moved his hand away, eliciting a heavy groan of annoyance from Dean.
Cas crouched lower, his lips just barely grazing Dean’s jaw as he whispered, “you want to be a demon? I’ll fucking treat you like one.”
Dean is just glad that the impala is always prepared for battle. He isn’t, however, very happy that he had to spend a few hours cleaning up a random motel room so he doesn’t get charged for murder. And he, without really thinking about it, kind of wishes that he can ask Cas to heal the bleeding gash across his chest. But he knows full well that would be a stupid move. And he doesn’t need him anyway, right? Considering he’s been hunting for far longer than he’s known Cas and always found a way to walk off things like this. And who’s to say that Cas would even want to help him right now…
This is my first time posting a multi chapter fic and it's kind of exciting. I'm definitely having fun with this. Well, except I hate Cas being upset but that's what you sign up for when ya write angst *shrug*
As Dean walks up to the bar stools he happens to glance in the direction of a decent looking guy, who definitely seems interested, and Dean happens to take the opportunity to stare at him hungrily. His skin is on the tan side, and his face is stippled with a delectable amount of stubble. He’s stood around a few other guys, glass in hand, his head turned with the purpose of locking eyes with Dean. Before Dean can get too carried away, he finally disconnects his gaze and sits down at a stool. Another kind of moment arises as he looks at the bartender. Her dark brunette hair bounces off her shoulders as she walks in front of him, wearing a deliciously sinful smile. He orders a beer, topping it off with a wink. She gives him the whole, ‘I get a lot of guys in here flirting with me but you’re different,’ routine. He plays along before she moves on to the next customer.
Barely a single thought runs through Dean’s mind, other than the sheer need of feeling Cas’s skin on his.
“I think eventually you will heal but - Dean - you must understand that it is a painful reminder of your indiscretions.”
Dean turns around to face his mirror again. His eyes are slightly red and overall, he can't begin to describe how much he hates this reflection. He sees himself, except now he’s a failure. With a lopsided flannel and blood shot eyes, he closes them and does something he had given up on yesterday.
Cas gripped Dean’s shoulder with more force before powering up his grace in his hand and searing the skin under his touch. There was a sharp flash of white and Dean’s grunt of pain.
Dean stands up slowly and feeling himself tense with every step. Cas’s eyes furrowing in confusion. Dean walks around the table, until he’s standing right in front of Cas.
When he talked to his dad the other day, the man seemed dismissive of Dean. He didn’t know where his son was and didn’t seem to care. John had called out of the blue, apparently to get an address to send… something to Sam. When the topic turned to his brother, his dad had growled angrily, “I don’t know, Sam, the kid got into some kind of hissy fit, stormed out five years ago and I haven’t talked to him since. Wouldn’t surprise me if he’s still not taking any responsibility for his own life, and his choices,” and hung up.
It was easier to be awake anyway, easier without the dreams. He rolled off the bed and onto his knees, body protesting as they hit the cold ground. It reminded him that he was older than he ever thought he’d get to be, and there was something sick about it. Something not right. He’d always thought of retirement as a beach, as he and Cas and Sam sipping cocktails somewhere too bright for any darkness to get through.
“Cas,” and he is choking on the blood in his mouth. He doesn’t know what he’s saying, he can’t hear himself think. He isn’t sure if he’s capable of anything other than saying Cas’s name.
“Oh, Dean,” he said, and the rumble of his voice went through Dean like a shockwave. He clutched Cas tighter, so tightly that he’d be afraid of Cas breaking if not for the fact that Cas was squeezing him back, just as tightly.
"Are you all right," the rumble of Cas's voice startles Dean from his fantasies--no: recollections. Fantasies are sexual and there's nothing sexual about Cas holding him down. There could be. But not in this case, not--
“Dude!” but he didn’t turn away or cover his eyes. He just looked like the lecherous disaster that he was while Cas stood there, gloriously naked and wow was Dean going to have the image burned into his brain. Cas was...surprisingly fit without all of his usual layers. And still wet, glistening really. He also smelled like honeysuckle, which is another thing that Dean shouldn’t notice or enjoy but--
“Dean,” Sam said as he watched him stitch up his arm in a motel room so disgusting that they’d have been better off driving home through the night. “Cas wouldn’t want this.”
“Will they be safe if we leave,” Dean says to Cas, and Cas nods. “Use your angel mojo, take me home.”
"What?" Cas straightened, glaring. "I meant every word I said to you that day, every sentiment. Every syllable, Dean. I've been avoiding the topic because I thought that my feelings were...unwelcome. I will stay with you in any capacity, but lately--"
“I won’t mention it again, Dean. It was the only way to save you. I never intended to be a burden. We don’t have to do this--”
“Cas,” and he is begging, begging Cas to understand that he needs him. He needs him in ways he doesn’t let himself think about. “Cas,” he says again, and his fingers clutch at the damned trenchcoat that he carried across the fucking world just so he’d have something of Cas left to hang onto. A coat, a freaking coat and a tie and a suit, and Cas beside him on the dirty ground of a crypt. God, he was pathetic--and for a second he thinks it might have been better if Cas killed him, because he can feel tears running hot down his face.
Cas squinted, and once again, Dean was forced to observe that the wrinkle across the bridge of Cas’s nose was very endearing.
"I hope I didn't wake you, Dean," Cas said, handing over his mug of coffee wordlessly. Dean, to his credit, accepted the apology for what it was, and drank the lukewarm brew. It was too strong, with too much cream, and too much sugar. Practically jet fuel. 100% Cas.
But that was the thing, that was always the thing--Cas didn’t need to ask for his forgiveness, his patience, his understanding. Cas didn’t need to regain his trust, because it didn’t matter. It had never mattered. Cas could murder him, ressurrect him, tear him apart and start the cycle again from the beginning. He could leave and leave, but the second he came back Dean would be waiting. He hated it, but he knew: Cas was sacred. Cas was his exception, the exception to everything. Dean’s throat clicked, it felt like something unlocking it--
“Oh, that’s what it was, huh? You got some good hits on the old man too, then?” Bobby is clearly irritated.
Bobby’s got half a lifetime of memories to prove it. That boy sees himself in some kind of funhouse mirror.
“Seemed like a good idea at the time. I dunno, Sammy. He had just given me some stuff that made everything seem
“I hate to break it to you, but there aren’t gonna be previous checks. I ain’t ever filled this thing out in my life.”
They spend the rest of Sam’s visit tip-toeing around the revelations of that morning, but by the time Same leaves the next day, they’ve more or less begun to repair their relationship. Dean promises to keep Sam more in the loop, and Sam gets him to promise to come visit so that he can meet Jess.
Dean looks aghast. “What the hell do you mean, you’re not a good Guide?” Cas is the best Guide he’s ever worked with. He’s not been Guided often, but in his experience, Cas is the best.
Dean begins to zone out. Not a true zone, where he gets lost in intense focus; no, fortunately, that hadn’t happened since he started taking the medication, and he’s able to stop them coming on sometimes with the tricks Dr. Alastair had trained him to use. But he allows the fog that’s constantly creeping on the edges of his brain to roll in.
be a bit rough around the edges, but you have nothing to worry about. Sam likes you, so Dean will like you.”
Dean finishes his reading, and finds Cas out on the balcony again, wearing his own glasses this time, answering what looks like emails from students with Yasha at his feet. Castiel had wanted a cat, and Dean a dog, so they met in the middle. Besides, Dean is allergic to cats. Yasha is an independent, aloof dog, and she’s usually content to be left alone. Castiel had been very excited when they learned that Shiba Inus were usually considered very “cat-like”, and they tracked down an adoptable bunch nearly the next day.
“Yeah, that’s not all,” he takes another deep breath. Might as well get this all out in the open. “I have no idea how many times we moved when I was growing up. But I do know we moved every time there was a fire, and there were fifty-three by the time I was eighteen.”
Dean gives Bobby a frown in response, confused, but he doesn’t stop. He leans over by the side of the house and tinkers with something, and lights flicker on above their heads, strung across parts of the yard, along the fence, and against the house. Bobby rolls his eyes at the dramatics of it all but appreciates the extra light. They don’t look half bad, either.
Cas adds another finger, and as soon as both fingers are coated with spit and lube, he begins fucking Dean with his fingers, fast and rough.
Dean is lying awake, listening to his friend and his boyfriend discuss him while they think he’s asleep. He lets the guilt wash over him. He’s ruining them. He’s ruining their lives, just like his dad always told him that he would if he let himself get complacent. He let Alastair break him, and now he’s breaking everyone else around him.
“I’d wager you excel at yoga. You have advanced proprioceptive abilities, even now. They’re most likely outstanding when you’re not being poisoned.”
When Castiel gets to the lecture hall (stack of quizzes in hand), Dean is sitting in a desk near the stairs on the far right. And he’s fast asleep.
She feels tears begin in the corners of her eyes, scared he’s trying to tell her he’s planning something, desperate to make him stop if he is. “Well, we’ll never have to find out, because it’s never going to happen. We’re sticking together on this, I won’t take no for an answer.”
“Gabriel, I have to go,” his voice has started to shake a bit, and he clears his throat to get it under control.
place. But I figured if you really want me to stay we have to be careful. I’ll show you where I put them all when we get back. And I’m installing more smoke detectors.”
“I’m sick of peanut butter. And it’s Sam, Dean.” He’s got the same fond but bitchy look on his face that he gets whenever his brother calls him Sammy, and Dean sort of loves it.
More time passes, far too quickly, and Castiel is being ushered out so he can trade places with Sam. He kisses Dean on the cheek, gently, and wipes his tears as he walks out of the room to meet Gabriel just outside the door.
“Dean.” The realizations are coming faster, now. Why did he ever believe Dean when he said he was clumsy?
Sam will be staying overnight. He’s getting his things from the restaurant, and once he’s back, Gabriel is going to make Castiel come back with him and sleep. He doesn’t want to sleep. He wants Dean to wake up.
From the second Dean had seen Castiel enter Bobby’s barn, the shadow-spray of wings, those bluer than the ocean eyes staring at him--he had known. He had known deep in his soul that Cas was different, that Cas was important.
The way he and future Cas had definitely been more to each other than friends. He’d seen them that night, stumbling out of the shadows. That Cas had seen him see. That Cas had smirked, and let the other Dean colonize his mouth like it was a freaking battleground. That was the thing that had scared Dean the most about the end of the world. That he’d been rough in the one place he’d always been tender.
And Dean is lost, wrecked, ruined--Adored, he feels adored. He feels fucking blessed when Cas’s mouth wraps around him, when Cas pins his hips to the bed with his angelic strength. Cas and his tongue are Dean’s new religion, and Cas’s name is the only prayer he remembers as Cas drags his mouth up Dean’s body to kiss him. It’s filthy, oh is it filthy decadence to taste himself on an angel’s lips. On Cas’s lips. In bed with Cas. Cas in his bed, and his room feels like home when they are both here.
His implications were clear, and Dean felt his cheeks heat. “It’s just...Cas,” he managed to squeak, unsure as to why he found Sam’s observation so unsettling. He didn’t like the idea of Cas being too far away, privacy be damned. “This way, I’ll be able to keep an eye on him.”
He finished the bottle. He didn’t have a reason not to. He would never hear Cas’s voice again. That was enough justification to be shit-faced drunk for the rest of his miserable life.
“I meant it, Cas,” Dean said, and for some reason saying this was the hardest thing he had ever done. For some reason he felt like if Cas didn’t understand he would combust. “I want you here. It’s important to me, you’re important to me. Grace or no grace.” He was going to say that Cas was family, but found that the sentiment fell short of what he meant. Cas was Cas, and Cas belonged here. Cas belonged here with Dean. And Sam too, of course Sam too. “This is your home,” Dean said finally. “Stay.”
I cared about the whole world because of you. Cas and his blue, blue eyes. Cas who was always leaving, who didn’t stay the one time Dean needed him the most.
“All that shit you said, Cas. About me...before. I, uh, wanted you to know that it meant the world to me.” Dean’s throat feels like it’s closing, but he goes on. “But you, Cas. You mean more than the world to me, if that’s stupid--”
In the fall, he stopped going. Seeing the dead grass was too hard, the world was too cold. He felt too alone there, under the open sky.
Cas leaned in, so close, so gentle. He pressed his lips to Dean's, and Dean came undone. Twelve fucking years, and he could have had this, could have had Cas up against him, tasted him. Could have had him all along.
“Really, Dean? On the floor of a crypt?” Sam crosses his arms. Meg rounds the corner and starts laughing when she sees Dean and Cas entwined.
Cas opens the door and gets out of the vehicle, just leaving like Dean isn’t about to fucking lose it with all his clothes still on-- Just looks down at him and--
Holy shit! He was attracted to Cas. No, no he couldn’t be--I mean there had been that one time after Purgatory when he got a little too excited to see Cas clean-shaven but those had been tight jeans and it was a stressful time--
He tried to think about it for a moment, but gave up because it was only natural that Cas stay here. Until of course he found someone, but then--
“Who the hell said that?” Dean would kill whoever even dared suggest that Cas didn’t belong here. Cas. Belonged. Here.
It’s a violent kiss, but only because Dean feels it through his entire body. He swallows Cas’s sound of surprise, tastes him in his mouth. His hands in Cas’s hair, his body in Cas’s lap. Cas, kissing him back. Peppering his skin with caresses. Cas’s tongue--
“I’m fine, Sammy.” Dean slammed a coffee mug onto the countertop. He hadn’t looked when he selected it. It was Cas’s favorite; the blue one with a picture of a honeybee on it. Over the honeybee, in loopy cursive it read: IT’S A BEE-AUTIFUL MORNING!
"Cas," Dean said. "You need to understand, you need to know that you've always had me. I've watched you burn the world and still couldn't blame you. I--"
And Dean, who can’t remember ever feeling so wanted, so safe, so happy. Dean, who could never say what he was feeling, Dean says, “I love you, Cas.” because it’s true. Cas’s face lights up, and he kisses Dean’s jaw, his neck, his lips, as Dean says it again and again, over and over, until it comes to him easily as breathing: “Cas, I love you.”
Fuck, it was too early. Screw Sam and his tendency to forward Dean articles about trauma and love languages. Apparently Dean's was Acts of Service and gift giving, which Dean thought was bullshit until he realized how important it was to him that the people he cared about were spoiled in all the ways he could manage.
Because Cas is kissing him, and pulling him to lay flat on the cherry hardwood. And their front door is open for the world to see them.
Dean dragged the ugly furniture into another room. It was a problem for another day, thinking about Sam’s psycho-babble. Consider why it means so much to him. Obviously, because Cas was--
“Dean,” Eileen said, reaching out again. and Dean curled into himself. He found himself wishing that he was dead, or somewhere far away. But Eileen didn’t tease him. She never teased about the things that mattered. “We miss him too, but he wouldn’t want this.”
Cas who had saved him from Hell. Cas, who was always there watching over him. Cas too close, Cas not close enough. Cas on that first stormy night in the barn, Cas healing him as the world fell apart over and over. It was incomprehensible to him now, that Cas was hurting him. That Cas was the causation of injury and not the end of pain. Cas, holding him up by the arm that he broke, and now Dean was on the ground, praying, praying. “Cas, I need you.”
But things were different now with Cas gone and his sobriety with him. It had been too long since whiskey could keep him from the pain, from the memories of Cas’s soft eyes as he told him that he loved him.
It was Jack who saved Cas. He wanted his dad back. “He threw a tantrum, he kept singing that campfire song you taught him. The one that never ends,” Sam says, and for the first time in a long time, Dean smiles.
“I don’t like the tiles you chose for the bathroom,” Dean croaks nonsensically,  as Cas sucks hard on his neck, presses him into the seat in a way that Dean knows he’ll feel in the morning, but right now he doesn’t care because he can feel that Cas is hard against him.
“He’s my best friend, Sam. Why are you being so weird?” Dean snapped, irritated that his moose of a brother was impeding his efforts at cleaning. “Cas is human now, I have to take care of him.”
Now, as Dean absently puts the kettle on the stove he can't help but wish Cas would talk to him. He rubs the back of his neck, and his back twinges. As he rolls his shoulders back he considers that maybe he should take a break from remodeling the bathroom today. Maybe the little tiles Cas picked out could wait, just for a while. Maybe there was a sick, sad part of Dean that thought that once the house was done, once the tiles were done, Cas would see it all wasn’t good enough, wasn’t working.
The job was stressful, he knew that. He knew that it was stressful, and had found ways to cope. Ways like: sleeping with his boots on after drinking himself to sleep. Being ready every instant for a fight, even when he was so tired all he wanted to do was rest, or sit beside an ocean or a lake and remember that the elements could be bigger than his problems.
"You said you couldn't," Dean said when they broke apart. "You said I was the one thing you couldn't have, but that's wrong--"
But that's gay. Cas is gay though. And apparently Cas loves him. With a capital L. In love love. Wants to kiss Dean love, would probably kiss Dean if he asked. Not that Dean would ask, because Dean's not gay. But he could. If he wanted to. He could ask Cas to kiss him, he could ask for more--
“Fresh fucking air,” he said to the leather interior. He did his best not to look to the passenger seat. Did his best not to picture Cas there with his face tipped into the sunlight with one hand catching the breeze from the open window.
He is kissing Cas, and he can feel Cas’s surprise in the way he stiffens, but he can also feel Cas’s smile against his lips. He was wrong before, this is paradise.
Maybe he should get in Baby and drive. He should take Cas. He likes Cas beside him, even likes the stupid pop music he favors. He likes Cas with him close enough to touch, to smile at.
And the beautiful, terrifying, wonderful thing about this development was that Cas didn’t pull away. Cas kissed him back. Cas took control and pushed Dean up against the closed door of Cas’s bedroom and didn’t laugh when Dean moaned. Cas kissed him: his lips, his cheeks, his jaw, his neck.
Cas’s breath hitches, and he goes pink. Dean reaches out and interlocks their fingers like the finale in a fucking hallmark movie, but it feels right. He feels like he has the strength to say what he needs too, even though it would be easier to kiss Cas until he understood he was loved through osmosis or something. “Cas, I love you so much that it hurts me to say it, but if you ever need me to say it, to remind you, I will. Because you deserve that, you deserve to know--”
Dean shifted uncomfortably in his bed. It was memory foam all right, because every time he laid down he was lost in the freaking memories of Cas. Cas in Bobby’s barn that first night, Cas burning the world and it still not being enough for Dean to blame him. Cas, dying again and again, but always coming back. But not this time.
She gestured to his room, and Dean followed the motion of her hands as it swept over the bloody coat, the empty bottles littering the floor, the hole in the wall where he had punched it in a fit of drunken rage. The smell of uneaten food and despair filled the room. Dean rubbed at his face and felt the scratch of his neglected facial hair. How long had it been since he lost Cas?
And suddenly Dean realizes that he's been a complete and utter asshole for not saying all of this, for not acknowledging that Cas's love matters to him. For not just grabbing Cas by the shoulders and saying it right to his face: You have me, I’m here. I want you here. I love you and the stupid tiles you chose for the bathroom of the master bedroom that I insisted you have because it has a better view.
Dean scrambles out of Baby on weak knees, and looks up to see Cas is shucking off his shirt and there’s nothing but skin, warm, warm skin as Dean scrambles out of his shirt and Cas is pressing him down again--
"What," Dean croaked, his fingers going numb. Cas shrugged, and the motion of it pulled him in closer. His throat had never been so dry.
He thinks , he thinks, he-- Panic wells in Dean, emanating from somewhere deeper than his body, something screaming and hammering against his chest and trying to get to Cas. It wants Cas. No: Dean wants Cas. He wants so desperately that the words are knives, are poisons he can’t survive--
"The market, last week. I wanted it to be a surprise, but I'm not as capable as you are with 'home improvement projects.'"
“All ice cream is good.” The silence between them returns, and suddenly nothing is more important than filling it. “You like peanut butter right? I mean, you did last time.”
“I prayed to you,” Dean said, and of course he meant: ‘you’re the only one I ever believed in.’ “I’ll kill you if you ever do something like that again,” and of course he meant ‘I want you to stay.’ Dean had never been good at words, so he stopped talking. He tore down all the walls, the obstacles, the excuses that he’d made up to convince himself that being happy was a bad idea. For the first time, Dean Winchester asked himself: what do you want?
“You pushed me away,” Dean says, and it leaves him like he’s coughing up water, like he was drowning in it. “Right before the Empty took you. I would have gone with you.”
"Don't you think that's a bit..." And Dean couldn't say 'gay' because Cas might be gay and in love with him. And saying something was 'gay' was probably homophobic and Dean wasn't comfortable with saying anything homophobic after jacking off in the shower to the way Cas looked with his shirt unbuttoned.
“I should have been stronger,” Cas’s voice softer than anything, Cas’s hands wandering to Dean’s face. Appraising, delicate. “Oh, Dean.”
Dean had been driving to the meadow as often as he could. It was so green, so open. In his mind, the location was inextricably entwined with Cas. On his more optimistic days, he could fool himself into believing that Cas would be there, waiting for him in the warm grass, standing beneath the windmill. On the worst days, well, there was no one there to see him cry but Baby.
Cas, Cas’s skin on his. Heat and hardness, muscle. Dean’s hands tracing Cas’s thighs, Dean tasting Cas on his tongue. If he knew, oh god if he knew that Cas would make such beautiful noises he would have swallowed him down the first day they met. They had been wasting so much time--
Dean looked down at his mud spattered boots as Sam’s voice trailed off. Because there wasn’t a way, and there was no use talking about it.
“Is this Heaven?” He could feel Cas under his palms, Cas was here, but Cas was in the Empty--he had to be dead, stupid as it was to be impaled like fucking Dracula. It didn’t matter. He sat up and pulled Cas into his arms, pulled him so close that he could hear his heartbeat, could feel his pulse. He guessed Cas was human in Heaven, maybe that’s how he got out of the Empty. It didn’t matter. There would be time for that later--hell, this wasn’t the first time any of them had come back.
“Don’t ‘Dean’ me,” his frustration is rising with his Guide. But Cas isn’t his, dammit. He puts off the issue of Bonding every time Cas brings it up, and Dean just can’t imagine it happening. Not yet. It’s only been six weeks since he’s been free and clear of the Sensinull, and he’s still having zones, though Pam and Balthazar had been somewhat correct. Treating his anxiety and lowering his panic level has made a big difference in reducing their frequency. The problem happens with Dean. He starts to feel what he’d been taught was a zone coming on—what Pam says are his “triggers”—and he immediately reaches for his knife or the lighter. It happened yesterday while Cas was out, and the burn on the inside of his thigh is already blistered, and it didn’t even stop the zone—well. The panic attack. “You really want to be stuck with a Sentinel like this?”
“So. Dean’s on board with our plan of treatment, but I want to make sure you two know about it, since Sam, you’re Dean’s current power of attorney and should know what’s going on, and Cassie, you’re his boyfriend and a Guide and will probably figure it out anyway. And you’re going to be playing naughty nurse for a moment.”
Pouring the batter into the waffle iron, Dean sees that Sam is beginning to perk up. He grabs the fruit salad Bobby had picked up at the store and sets it on the table, Cas sees what he’s up to, and gets up to get silverware and plates to set the table. The waffle iron beeps, and Dean slides the first waffle onto its plate.
“Dude, it’s just shin splints.” Benny keeps his hands on Dean’s leg and proceeds to massage the arch of his foot up to his calf, surprising Dean when it feels good instead of oversensitive. Christ, Benny’s got magic hands. His wife Andrea’s a lucky lady.
“Yeah. I mean. It’s less of a question and more of a...” he pauses for a moment, trying to find the right words, “wondering comment?”
Castiel gets echoes of all of these sensations, and it feels like he could drown in the warm feeling.
“I dunno.” He squirms a bit in his seat, feeling awkward, and tries Pam’s newest technique—using his words, “Don’t new couples usually not plan that far out?”
“When I turned eighteen, Dad and I went and got me legal guardianship over you so that CPS couldn’t take you away if something happened to Dad on the road. Made it easier to sign permission for field trips and sports and stuff too. So. I can sign those papers if you want.” A pit is opening in Dean’s stomach, but this is good. Sam can get out, make something more of himself without Dean and his fires.
He feels Cas begin to stiffen in his mouth even more, and knowing he’s about to come, Dean takes a deep breath and gets Cas as deep into his throat as he can, swallowing.
“Oh, that old bastard. John comes around, you tell him I wanna talk to him. He can’t treat people like that and get away with it! If Dean hadn’t called Bobby, who knows what woulda happened up there in Salem?” She walks back around the bar, and Sam looks at her a bit confused.
Dean excuses himself, muttering something about Sam probably over-cooking the burgers, and leaves Castiel to his own devices. At the same time that Dean leaves the room, Jess enters, carrying a tray with the rescued salad and a variety of condiments and burger toppings. After a muffled argument, Sam also appears with a serving tray filled with french fries and an irritated look on his face. No one speaks, but strained glances are exchanged.
“Azazel Gelbman, his number should be in my phone—” Dean cuts himself off and looks concerned at Castiel, probably because of the choking noise Castiel belatedly realizes he released, “Cas, you okay?”
“Not interested.” Dean interrupts, harsh. “Go away. I’m out.” He sees Cas out of the corner of his eye looking confusedly between him and Ketch.
He wants it with Cas, though. It scares the shit out of him. But thinking about what’s possible has something inside him stirring, and it’s not going to be satisfied with handjobs in the shower for much longer. Cas pulls away, panting. His eyes search Dean’s face.
Mercifully, Dean’s only real injury is the mild concussion he received when he fell to the ground, and when he’s settled back into his hospital bed, Balthazar speaks up to address Dean’s opposition to staying in the hospital as the excess personnel leaves the room, leaving the three of them alone.
He’s alive, but the doctors say that his blood alcohol level was 0.28% at its highest. The paramedics administering glucose and getting him oxygen to prevent his respiratory system from failing were critical in getting him to the hospital.
“Here.” He shoves it into Sam’s hand. “There’s sixty-five hundred bucks there. If you spend it right, you should be all set until you can get yourself a job. Send me your address and I’ll send more when I can, alright?”
“We’ll know in the next few hours, but if not then I would like to see about counteracting the Sensinull with another medication, or else we can use dialysis to attempt to remove it from your blood.”
Today’s a pretty decent day, all in all, which is why he suggested a movie tonight. He almost feels hungry for popcorn, and he slept okay the night before after a couple shots of whiskey. It’s about as normal as Dean gets. He’s even wearing regular jeans and his Zeppelin t-shirt, no special Sentinel fabrics today.
occasionally. The guy knows his desserts. You guys cook?” Dean’s voice is dubious, and Castiel’s smile becomes a little more knowing.
Bobby looks skeptical and insists on making him drink a bottle of water while they sit there and talk. Dean grumbles. Usually, Bobby would offer him some of the whiskey he keeps in his bottom drawer.
“Nah. I mean, I’m alright.” Dean looks away from Cas. His insides squirm a bit, because he isn’t being altogether truthful with Cas. Dean’s had sex with an awful lot of men and women. He’s used up already. There’s nothing special about Dean.
—oh, it’s one of those nights. Charlie’s face softens from her grin into something more gentle. She hates that Dean feels like this, and it’s not like there’s anything she can do but be here for him. Fortunately, she does that well. “I brought a variety. Some plain crackers in case you were feeling a plain flavor. Some Doritos in case you needed more. Twizzlers, water, soda, even flavored sparkling water. Figured I’d cover my bases.”
In bumfuck, Arizona, he meets a mechanic named Walt, who gives him a discount on a new paint job if Dean lets Walt fuck him. He hasn’t done that in a while; there was no need at Bobby’s. But a discount is a discount, and the new metallic gray paint job helps make his van look a little less creepy parked in lots. That old flaky tan paint was getting him suspicious looks everywhere he went.
“I dunno. It got bad when I was twelve? Maybe thirteen? My school made my old man take me to the doctor, and he’s the one who gave ‘em to me, and then Dr. Gelbman kept doing the same prescription after we’d moved and I needed a new prescriber. Took ‘em until Sensinull was released, and Gelbman gave me that instead. Way better.”
“You’ll thank me at the end of the night when you can still walk,” she pats Sam on the shoulder, bringing him in for a hug, “Sam! It’s been an awfully long time since I heard from you. What, they don’t make phones in Palo Alto now?”
“That’s where the bruises-- Jesus,” yeah, the guys that buy Dean aren’t exactly gentle. He’s been hurt more than once. “You had a bruise on your jaw a couple of weeks ago, what happened?”
“You mean did I take a student’s injury into account when I decided what we were going to do tonight? I sure did, brother.”
“I prefer it to Cassie, which is what my brother tends to call me,” Dean’s face must show his feelings clearly because Cas laughs. “Quite. I was helping a friend of mine, giving a presentation in her class about forensic medicine, what it’s like to testify in a trial. Are you between classes?”
If Dean’s senses are as strong as Castiel thinks they are, it’s no wonder he doesn’t like to be touched. But don’t they know he can help? That’s what Guides do! They help Sentinels deal with their senses so everything
“Yeah. She saw my old one and basically had a heart attack. It’s what she does for a living, software design, modifying hardware. I’m pretty sure she’s a hacker too, but I didn’t want to question her. I have no idea how she got me some of the software she did. Traded her some construction work on her roof for the new computer and stuff.”
“You can go, Cas. I told you. I told you, I’m no good,” his voice is tight with tears that he’s not going to let escape. He’s not.
Castiel nods looking a little wary. “I’ve noticed he puts himself down a lot. It’s more distressing than I thought it would be to hear someone you care about talk about themselves the way he does, sometimes.” Cas’s eyes drift across the backyard, where Bobby can see Dean passing the grill off to Sam, waving a finger in his face, probably threatening him with bodily harm if he lets the burgers overcook. Sam rolls his eyes at Dean and laughs, shoving his shoulder. A smile tugs at the corner of Bobby’s mouth when Dean walks backward away from Sam towards the coolers, obviously still making threatening statements while Sam waves the spatula in a motion that clearly says, “Go away now.” He turns back to Castiel, watching him watch Dean.
Holy shit, where did that come from? “I’m never gonna leave you, bro. I’m like a barnacle, you’re stuck with me.”
Cas looks surprised, like he isn’t expecting the absolute sincerity with which Dean states that. He gives Dean a soft look that he absolutely does not deserve. No one looks at Dean like that.
He walks the five minutes to Recoult, thinking that he’ll bring Dean a snack at the library, when who should he see through the door, but Dean. Serving customers.
He knows it’s almost dinner time, and that he promised Sam and Jess dinner tonight after a long day in court and school, respectively, but the thought of all those
“I don’t need you to tell me the answer to this, but I do want you to think about it, okay? What makes what you did, different from any other fourteen-year-old kid who makes a mistake? Especially when everything turns out to be okay.”
Balthazar’s evaluation is professional and thorough. There’s already a bandage covering his minor head wound, so he checks over Dean’s reflexes—slow, but that’s to be expected, he explains. He has Dean take the gown off the top half of his body and lie back on the bed so he can check Dean’s ribs and stomach. He listens to Dean breathe, and Dean sees the moment Balthazar notices the scarring on his hips. Dean’s a Sentinel. He hears the tiny catch of breath and his sharp eyes easily spot the way Balthazar's gaze lingers on the cigarette burns and parallel lines for a moment too long, but the doctor doesn’t say anything.
In the time since Dean had been rescued, the university had provided Castiel with new lodging until his lease for his apartment was up, and replaced his computer and books. They provided Castiel with compensation for his losses out of the insurance that they held on the building. Castiel was always going to have to be out when he was finished with school, but he still has a month until the university needed him to leave.
“No, you have to tell me the address,” Dean gives it to him. Bobby’s end of the phone sounds kinda noisy, like the wind is blowing hard. It makes his brain hurt a little, and he thinks maybe he should go back to sleep. If he wakes up, he’ll figure out what to do then.
“I’m a TA for classes during the semesters, which pays for my room and board. Fortunately, I’ve got some money put away, so, no, I don’t have to work.”
, which was one of Dean’s favorites at his last school. The kids in his class are kind of mean to him, but there’s a kid wearing thick glasses that shares his twinkies with him at lunch, so it’s not all bad.
Bonding is strange, Castiel supposes. It’s the one thing that all Sentinels and Guides instinctively know how to do. Dean did some research as a way to prepare as well, Castiel knows, but it’s largely instinctual. And difficult to explain.
“You blame yourself for the rest of it, but the fact that it was another woman…” Pam trails off, letting him complete the thought on his own.
Dean seems to have recovered from the shock, though Castiel knows there’s tension just below the surface. “Sam, you mind if I talk to Castiel here alone for a second? The burgers need to be turned on the grill pan, and you can hopefully manage that without my supervision.”
Cas's initial concern fades into a grin, and can’t help but be a little proud of being the cause of Dean’s blood rushing somewhere else.
When Dean re-enters the room he brings in the tray of finished burgers. He doesn’t say much besides a grunted “eat up,” and seats himself. Sam and Jess begin talking, almost as though to fill the silence that’s descended upon the small group.
It’s true, really. He’s worried about life off of Sensinull, and he’s not really sure what that other shit Balthazar said means for him (anxiety and depression? A fucking pseudo-eating disorder?), but right at the moment, everything’s okay.
Dean spends his spare time finding parts and fixing up the van. It needs new wheels and tires as he suspected. He finds the new door for it. It doesn’t match the color yet, but he’ll fix that eventually.
“Stop! I can do this! I can do this on my own I can do it, I can. I can. I—” he fumbles for the drawer, one-handed, and pulls out the kit with the little knife that he keeps nearby at all times.
Cas’ hand moves from where it had been gently rolling his balls, back to press on the space just behind, which makes Dean’s hips jerk slightly. Cas hums around his mouthful, and again, moves his finger slightly farther back to rub against Dean’s hole, pushing slightly.
Dean chuckles and ruffles his brother’s mop of hair. The kid needs a haircut pretty soon or else he’s not going to be able to see past his bangs. “Yeah, you’ll be teaching me in no time, kiddo. Got your backpack?”
Castiel’s heart lurches more with every message. Dean’s having a hypersensitive episode. And Cas is feeling the echoes of it. It’s why he feels so jittery.
Dean licks his lips, and Cas’s eyes dart down to track the movement. He takes a breath and then pulls himself out of Cas’s hold, but immediately the happiness that glowed from within the Sentinel dims slightly, as soon as they lose contact. It makes Cas want to hold him again, but he won’t do that, won’t violate Dean’s single request.
“He got a little rough. Got a concussion. Sprained my knee, broke my wrist,” his voice feels hoarse, but he pushes through, eager to be done with this conversation. “He left that night, or the next morning, I don’t know. Bobby came and picked me up, I came and stayed with him for a while. Bought my van from him, fixed it up, and traveled for a while. And now I’m here.” Dean sees Bobby frowning at him. So sue him, he left some stuff out. Sam doesn’t need to know the gory details.
Dean avoids his gaze, and Castiel doesn’t really understand why. He looks between the two men, and hears Dean answer, “No.”
So, Fresno. To a little adoption center they found on Petfinder that recently acquired an abandoned litter of shiba inu puppies from a puppy mill that had gotten shut down.
“Proprioception. It’s your ability to know where your body is in space. It’s why we don’t trip when we walk with our eyes closed; we still know where our feet are. Sentinels have an advanced sense of this. Your balance is probably excellent. Well,” he amends, “excellent when you’re not being poisoned by your medication. I’d bet you can tell when someone is near you, can almost picture exactly what they’re doing in your head.”
Sam doesn’t seem as surprised as Dean would like him to be, he just nods, like those are worth his serious consideration. And Cas kind of already knew about the anxiety thing having mentioned it that time in Dean’s bedroom. Depression, though? Dean’s pretty sure that’s just him being a shitty human. Still, Dean wants to know what he’s thinking.
“Excellent. If you could give Dean and me about ten minutes, I’d like to do an exam. Why don’t you see if you can locate Sam? I imagine he’s already here somewhere, causing a ruckus about seeing his brother. Perhaps see if anyone from the university has inquired about Dean’s status?”
They lay on the bed, each other them on their sides, curved towards each other. Cas gives a smile, and Dean smiles back.
Almost no one knows he’s Guide. It’s not a secret, but it tends to put them off; people think that he’s going to read their emotions or some other over-hyped and twisted version of reality. In truth, Castiel can only very rarely sense emotions in people, and even then it’s mostly exclusive to people who have Sentinel-type abilities. The only reason he even knows he’s a Gude and was able to attend the courses to help him manage it, was because Anna had insisted to their mother he be tested for Sentinel or Guide abilities when he was a child after too many instances of what Anna called an "emotional response," and their father called, "being a Nancy." Their mother agreed, but he had been disappointed in Castiel from the start. Popular perception of Guides doesn’t see them as being nearly as valuable as their counterparts. Sentinels are in demand as athletes, police officers, FBI agents, firefighters— he’s heard that they’re particularly valuable as spies, but that may be a rumor. She had wanted a Sentinel, and she had gotten a Guide.
. I bet you’ve got a tight ass, too, pretty boy like you,” he thrusts a few more times, and Dean can tell he’s close. He runs his tongue under the head of the guy’s dick, and that’s all she wrote. The guy comes in Dean's mouth, watching carefully as Dean swallows every drop. He zips up and starts to walk away.
“Because you’re a dumbass teenager who thinks fire is cool? I don’t know, Dean, you tell me. Why is there a fire in 70% of the towns we live in?”
He knows that not going to the doctor isn’t going to make this problem go away. And every time he’s reminded of it, there’s another little jolt of panic in his gut that saying
“We were at that Mexican place down the road. Dean thought something smelled weird, and it turned out that woman was about to have a hypoglycemic episode.”
, at least. Mean people don’t listen to five-year-olds tell them stuff they probably already know about dinosaurs.
They both get ready for bed, Cas changing into a t-shirt that proclaims, “Save the Bees!” along with some flannel pajama bottoms. Dean blushes at the glimpses of Cas’ bare skin, but strips off his overshirt and jeans, and climbs into the bed beside Cas.
“Sounds good.” Dean busies himself rolling up his mat and sliding his shoes onto his feet. His shins actually do feel better. Maybe he won’t run tonight. “Thanks, Benny.”
Bobby’s face darkens, and he answers, “he’s the reason Dean was unconscious in that hospital in Oregon in the first place.”
The doctors told Sam (because officially they can’t tell Castiel anything, but Sam is his next of kin) that Dean had been burned and electrocuted. He’s got a concussion, and the ligature marks and stress on his wrists and shoulders indicate that he had been hung by them. Dean’s received 194 stitches, and dressings covering first- and second-degree burns are on his arm and his torso. He’s on a ventilator. There’s a chance that if he doesn’t wake up in the next few days that he won’t ever wake up.
Dean wakes. The nightmare isn’t new, but it’s no less terrible for being familiar. He looks to his left and sees Cas watching him. He must’ve cried out. Cas reaches out a hand for him with wide eyes, and Dean flinches. He closes his eyes.
“You wouldn’t know it looking at him, but that kid was tiny until he was about sixteen. He got picked on all the time, and I was constantly worried something was going to happen to him.”
Dean rolls his eyes and grabs a pan from the cabinet. “Yeah. Some kid complained, and the medical board didn’t like his methods.”
Cas lets him park the van in his garage. Dean tells him he could just sleep out in the van, but Cas says “that’s stupid,” and pulls Dean down into his bed.
“Dean, what-- Dean!” He takes off running, as fast as he can. Away from Cas, away from Ketch. Just away.
Sam’s taller than Dean is now, even if he’s still pretty skinny. His hair is longer than it’s ever been, brushing his ears and getting into his eyes. Dean stares at him, and Sam stares back. He wonders what Sam is thinking, but before he can ask, Sam darts forward and pulls his big brother into a tight hug.
Bobby answers, too. “I yelled at him in his voicemail, but he never called me back, that son of a bitch. He comes around here, I’ve got some buckshot with his name on it.”
“Look at you! Can’t even take a little pain without choking! Jesus fucking christ, you’re never going to grow up, are you?” He casts about, looking for an outlet. He sees a frying pan on the stove and grasps it by the handle. It’s not heavy, just cheap aluminum, but it’ll get the job done. He whirls around and aims toward Dean. This will teach him. This will finally get through to him.
“I think they probably see you just fine. Will you come back to bed? Can we sleep, and talk about it in the morning?”
“Sam,” Castiel interrupts, his own beliefs and training in taking patient privacy very seriously kicking in, “unless Dean specifically tells me, I don’t feel comfortable with you sharing his private information.”
Dean feels like he’s gone ten rounds this morning. He takes a deep breath. “Sam, I’ll show you the van this afternoon. She’s great, you’ll love her. But, uh. I need a nap. I never wanted you to know about this, and I gotta recalibrate my brain or somethin’.”
“Then get in the car. We can talk in the morning when you’re actually sober and can hold a conversation that makes fucking sense.”
, but it’s going to get out, and then he’s going to kill me.” Dean sits abruptly in the chair across from Bobby. “He’s gonna kill Cas.”
“I’m not mad, Dean,” he huffs, and he looks frustrated. “How on earth do you have time to do your schoolwork? Or sleep? Or eat?”
“Doctor-patient confidentiality, Dean. He won’t hear it from me, and he won’t be looking at our session notes. But he’s a doctor and a Guide. Seems like he might be
Sam eyes him suspiciously the next morning after Dean finishes running his laps around the block (he puked twice, but Dad made him keep going), and when he catches a glimpse of the bruises on his face and neck, he’s furious. Dean stays home from school for a week while they heal, and Sam begs him the whole time to tell him what happened.
What didn’t he try? “It doesn’t matter.” Scratching was too mild. It was too noticeable when he hit himself because even if the bruises were under clothing, it turned out other people got worried seeing bruised and scratched knuckles. John used his fists or a belt to pull Dean from his zones, so they restricted hitting to John’s use only. Pinching worked to a point, even still. Electric shock was effective in making a zone stop, but whenever Alastair used it Dean nearly passed out, so it was discarded as an option. Cutting was Alastair’s favorite, and he often held his hand over the top of Dean’s while he held the blade, encouraging him to press deeper, take the line further.
“Dean’s not awake, but they were able to take him off the ventilator,” Castiel doesn’t dare to hope what that means, but waits for Gabriel to continue. “Sasquatch says the doctors are seeing movement in his brain scans or whatever. They think he’s gonna wake up in the next few hours. Take a shower, and I’ll take you back to the hospital.”
“Don’t you-- dare-- talk like that-- about-- my favorite person--!” He manages to get these words out between kisses, and they make Dean feel warm enough that he can’t even figure out a response. “I clearly haven’t been doing a good enough job loving you, if you feel like that,” Cas says as he crowds Dean against the counter in the kitchen. “You’re so beautiful, and talented, and you’re so good. I can’t believe my luck, some days, when I look at you and I see your perfect -- mmph!”
The first time Sam had gotten drunk was when Dean was freshly 21. Dean bought them a bottle of whiskey, and they drove out to a field and laid on the hood of Dean’s Malibu, talking and doing a little bit of roughhousing. Mostly they just sat there and looked at the stars, listened to some music. It wasn’t exciting, but it was time he spent with his brother that he remembered fondly. Sam frowns, remembering the next morning. Dad had come home earlier that night and found the boys missing, and he nearly shouted Dean right out of the house when they got home. Dean sent Sam off to bed, and the next morning, Dean had a bruise on his jaw. Sam remembered asking him about it, and Dean laughed it off, saying that he had a hell of a right hook for a girl and that he’d walloped Dean good the night before. He laughed at Sam for not remembering, and Sam’s memory
Sam takes a deep breath and appears to internally struggle with a decision. Castiel feels it the moment Sam is preparing to tell him no, a slight
Sam’s eyes are suspiciously wet, but he asks “done what, exactly?” like he’s waiting for Dean to confirm his worst fears.
“You what? You’re sorry? You were out fucking around while your brother was home alone? You get into a fight?” He breathes in through his nose. “No, kid. You went out and got some, huh? Tell me, son, were you with another fag like yourself tonight, or did you man up and actually get a woman? You let some guy from school stick it up your ass? Is he the one that socked you one? I should thank him for trying to set you right after you got your filthy hands on him,”
“Of course I heard you, Charlie. I answered you, didn’t I?” Dean was annoyed, before he realized what had happened.
“Well. I guess we need a harness,” he looks at the time. “It’s early still. We could go to the store now.”
Cas answers for him, giving his hand a squeeze and looking over at him in admiration, which makes Dean blush, “he works in a cafe, and a bar, and here at the shop, and around town doing odd jobs when he can. I’ve been trying to get him to take a break, but this is the best I’ve been able to do.”
, his van hasn’t been seen by any traffic cameras since 6:30 the morning of the fire, when it was caught at this intersection,” shed points to the screen, and the slightly smudged -looking face that’ driving the van. “That’s not Dean driving.”
An alarm sounds from within an adjacent room, and students come spilling out, but Castiel and Sam are still absolutely clueless as to what happened.
They’re not bonded, and there are conversations to be had. But now there are far fewer secrets between them.
“Dean!” Sam’s voice is a jet engine, and Dean doesn’t have earplugs. The light is bright when Sam pulls the blanket down, and Dean’s groan bounces around the inside of his skull. He unclenches his teeth, loosens his jaw muscles from their tense state.
Tessa must prod a place in his contusion that’s sensitive, as Dean winces against Cas's palm pressed gently to the side of his face, and a wave of pain echoes across Castiel’s senses. He attempts to send soothing feelings back to Dean, reassuring him that everything is going to be okay, Castiel will make sure of it.
“That’s so hot that I don’t even have to touch your cock,” Castiel marvels, helping Dean up and get turned around to face him. “I love your cock, but seeing you do that without anything… Jesus, I think I could come just from that.”
Gentle music envelopes the room as Benny turns away from the speakers to walk around the room. He greets the students he knows and introduces himself to those he doesn’t.
“No. He, uh.” He rubs the back of his neck, feeling awkward. “His license was revoked. For abuse of minors.  Besides, I’ve got a new guy.  Been seeing him for almost ten years.”
“Not hungry.” Dean’s voice sounds dampened, a bell not allowed to ring. Cas reaches out tentatively, but Dean shifts away. “Don’t.”
Castiel checks his text history with Sam, confirming that Dean hasn’t seen his specialist in months.  He wonders how Dean gets his prescriptions refilled.  Sensinull is a highly controlled medication, prescribers are encouraged to only give a month’s supply at a time, with a checkup every four to six weeks, including monthly blood work. If Dean isn’t seeing his prescriber regularly, Castiel doubts he’s getting blood work done.
letting him get lost in the process. He settles into his chair at the table and notices Sam giving him the hairy eyeball.
Cas rolls his eyes and refocuses on Dean. “You were supposed to tell me why we started with episode four. I wasn’t aware it was a serial.”
When he walks in the door, however, the guy at the register takes one look at him and shakes his head. With a heavy accent, the man condemns Dean, “no. You look trouble. Go.”
And Dean has been looking poorly, lately. He’s still frustratingly handsome, but Cas can see the change in the last several weeks: Dean has barely eaten his meals when they meet for lunch and usually brushes off Castiel’s attempts at finding out if he’s eating enough at home. The dark circles below his eyes would indicate that he’s not getting much rest, but that could be the stress of his doctorate, Cas supposes.
“Balls!” He speeds up. It’s already been god knows how long since Dean was injured, and there’s no more time to waste. It’s already been at least eight hours.
“... I took him to the hospital, because he was in bad shape. Wrist all bent to hell, knee turned funny, blood all over his damn face. Couldn’t wake him up in the car, and he didn’t wake up for a day and a half. He had two seizures in the hospital, doctors weren’t sure he didn’t have some kinda brain damage. Kid’s lucky I got there when I did.” Dean didn’t know about the seizures. Or didn’t remember. “When they discharged him, I made him come back with me. Cleaned up the house y’all were stayin’ in, and got Garth to drive Dean’s car back. He stayed with me for about a year, but after he got that van, he started drivin’ all over the place, but called to check in once in a while.”
“What did you think of Daphne?” His mother asks while she’s putting away leftovers. Castiel is ferrying dishes from the dining room to the kitchen to be washed.
he thinks to himself. A college student. That was always Sam’s dream. Dean didn’t even think it would be possible for him, but at 26 years old, after spending three and a half years driving the country in his van, he’s at college. Fucking
All that time. For three years those boys lived in his town. He saw them nearly every day. And he didn’t notice the abuse Dean had been facing. God damn John Winchester for doing that to his boys, and he has no small amount of anger to spare for himself, for not checking in during those six months. To this day he only knows bits and pieces of how they got by; Dean shouldering the weight. Bobby knows Dean still carries it, still feels like he owes Bobby something.
John is suddenly right in Dean’s face, ready to spit nails, “I should’ve sent you away the second you turned 18.”
At the end of the museum. Castiel and Dean spend some time at the sprinkle shower, blowing compressed air at each other.
He supposes a dog would be nice. Maybe something small. They have a small apartment, after all. A big dog like a labrador or a dalmatian would be miserable. And Dean’s not allergic to dogs, though he knows his boyfriend didn’t grow up with animals, so he’s largely ambivalent towards them. It’s Castiel that wants a pet.
“You a lawyer?” Bobby already knows he’s not. He’s looked into this guy, Dr. Castiel Novak. A trauma surgeon at the university hospital, occasional guest lecturer at the school of medicine and the law school. And he’s a Guide. He certainly looks good on paper, Bobby will give him that.
“Yeah, well. Like I said, I haven’t been very hungry lately.” Cas stares at him a bit, until Dean concedes, feeling awkward, “Food can be a challenge.”
He cries more than he wants to admit. He’s also exhausted, and he kind of wishes Alastair had taken him out, too. Probably a good thing that he’s not talking, the shrink probably wouldn’t leave him alone if he heard that.
that he had come from the lab, where he’d worked on a stubborn build, and a frazzled John Winchester had come rushing in after him to see his son sitting with a guy he knew from the VA meetings in town, and explained that his son was a Sentinel and didn’t quite have a hang of the part where you weren’t supposed to go up to strangers and just insert yourself into their lives because you already knew a lot about them just from the way they smelled and looked and sounded, and Dean had said, “Daddy I can hear his heart, it sounds sad,” and Bobby had felt a pang in his chest because this kid, this little Sentinel knew somehow that his wife had passed away only six months before and decided that he needed company at his table. To those several years after Mary died that John took Sam and Dean on the road, but always stopped by when they were near (and didn’t realize until they moved back that
“Yeah, and the detergent and the lotions, and the perfumes, blah blah blah… And I just wasn’t good enough for Ketch.”
Just before she orders the increase in his pain medication, she asks, “can you remember those three words, Dean?”
“Yeah. Sam doesn’t know anything about it. Dad thought I was the one setting them for a while, but he figured that out pretty quickly. I almost thought it was Dad for a while, but I’m pretty sure it’s not.”
Once he’s home, Dean sheds his clothes and climbs into his bed in just his underwear. His smooth sheets feel better against his skin, and his brain can stop telling him he’s going to rub all his skin off now. He focuses on the fan rotating a little too slow for his purposes, but he’s too tired to change it. He can finally think.
“Cas, you only want to help because you’re a Guide.” The look on Dean’s face is some strange mixture of anger and exasperation, and he can’t quite get a read on what exactly makes Dean think that. It’s very reductive to Cas. He’s not
The redhead looks very excited and hits Dean on the arm. Cas is puzzled, but waits for Dean to come over and explain.
He can feel the cold that had receded in the face of his anger return, growing and growing, spreading from his chest down to his elbows and knees, wrists and ankles; and it’s beginning to feel like the start of a zone. His fingers will be too clumsy soon, and fuck, he’s overstimulating himself in the middle of an argument. His breaths start to come faster, and he shivers. He needs to stop it. Jesus, could the timing be worse? He stumbles sideways half a step with the realization, dizzy, and then dives for his nightstand. Dean remembered to re-stock, he must have.
What he has read theorizes that this type of bond may be as easy to break as it is to form, but it’s an unknown. Cas knows that Dean doesn’t want to Bond, but given who he is, and what he is, he can’t help but being privy to something Dean might not even know about himself.
Castiel watches them, amused. For all that Dean says they haven’t spent a lot of time together physically, they’re obviously very close friends. They don’t have much time to talk as the brunch crowd rushes around them, but Castiel pulls out his e-reader and opens up the file for the book he had started the other day. Charlie and Dean stop by to refill his mimosa and coffee, and Dean brings him his honey and cheese crepe, but it’s not until the restaurant has mostly emptied that they get to talk for longer.
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean responds, reaching across Cas for the orange juice. “Gotta tell Sam, though. And he’s going to be a pain in the ass after the conversation we had yesterday where I 100% denied there was anything going on.” Sam had texted him early in the morning, with a cheerful
Castiel has never really known what it’s like to fall into a trance. He’s never really understood how people can become so absorbed in a blank mind that they don’t notice time passing, but it’s the only thing he can compare it to. But later. Later, he’ll think it’s amazing how he didn’t notice Dean moving him into different positions, he didn’t notice the time going by, too absorbed in Dean. Soaking up everything he can about his Sentinel. He never wants to lose this man, and the more mature the bond, the deeper their connection, the easier it will be for him to find his Sentinel anywhere.
“I’m watching you, boy,” he makes Dean kneel on the ground with his nose touching the wall for close to four hours because Dad says he’s undisciplined and should know better than to talk back. His knees are bruised the next day.
He tried to scan the chips and soda as fast as he could, but the shaking of his hands gave him trouble. He dropped one of the chip bags and the man groaned.
Sam sits up, a bit groggy at first but realization hits as he looks to Dean, “Uh, how about we start with you explaining things?”
And yeah, drinking at the bunker would get him to the same destination it would anywhere else, but it’s really the change of atmosphere that he craves. The alcohol is basically the cherry on top of the metaphorical margarita. And in this particular situation Dean severely needed to get the hell out.
Cas presses his fingers onto the skin under Dean’s neck, slowly trailing down, admiring the feel. Cas pauses on Dean’s left peck, flattening his hand over the area and pressing gently. Just over Dean’s heart.
He couldn’t make out the details of the man’s face, but Castiel said, “hello. Welcome to the Gas n’ Sip.”
Dean wouldn’t come searching for him and he certainly didn’t need him right now. He could just call if he did, but he didn’t. Castiel was not needed. Castiel would never be needed. And that was okay.
"Cas… I..." Dean looks between them, the distance that keeps Dean from being close to him starts to gnaw a his mind. He takes a step forward, unsure of what he wants to say but he knows he just has to say something if he wants any chance of recovering from this. Cas turns around but refuses to look him in the eyes, giving Dean a little reminder that the pain Cas is going through is all his fault.
“Sam and I agreed I would stay in the bunker so long as you didn't bother me,” Cas looks at Dean before turning his head to stare out the window.
Dean can’t stop his rambling until Cas takes the words directly out of his mouth, kissing him fiercely, even pushing him backward until he has to lie down on the bed.
Dean removes his hand from trailing up Cas’s shoulder. Cas stands up, with a tad too much enthusiasm and shrugs the large coat off his shoulders. Dean looks Cas up and down, with only the suit left on, and is surprised how much more casual he looks without the coat. Then he begins to open his suit jacket but Dean stands up and takes hold of the edges. He tells Cas with one glance that, ‘I got it.’
“Yeah,” Sam replies and then puts his arm over Dean’s chest, stopping him from getting up, “maybe I should talk to him?”
“Well, pigs have been flying since we made that deal with Michael, ya know the one where we gave him your hands,” Sam answers matter-of-factly.
They are sitting on opposite sides of a motel bed, Cas near the farther cross-legged and Dean resting against the headboard.
More tears fall unannounced from Dean’s eyes, and he feels his chest tighten. He doesn't deserve the angel that fell for him and gives him his love. He will ruin this angel, but he can’t stop it.
Dean doesn’t really listen to the whole thing, his eyes honing in on Cas’s moving lips. He moves closer, kissing him again. This time, with his heart beginning to race, and nerves beginning to tingle, edging him closer and closer, deeper and deeper, into a state of passion and desire. He can’t think at ALL anymore, twisting his hands in Cas’s hair and moving his hands up and down quickly along his back and neck and thighs, touching every piece of skin within reach.
Sam is sat at the map table, his head lazily thrown down into the arm lying over an open book. Dean’s loud stomps down the staircase seem to jolt him awake.
“No, I mean I’ve wanted you for quite some time, I see it now. You say it was your fault that you started this, but I think we’re both to blame.”
“Well I guess that works out. I'm an angel now, as you remember that means… I have lost certain…” Cas trails off. He can barely just detect of note of disappointment in his voice.
Dean hadn't expected such a confession, not now, not after everything. He doesn't deserve this, but for whatever reason Cas seems to want him.
Dean shakes his head, “no, stop using that word. Being with me will just hurt you, and I can’t hurt you anymore. Cas, I just won’t.”
It’s not weird that he wants to know so much, like, this is what friends are for right? For talking about how you’ve gotten laid?
This time, they aren't slow, they aren't calculating the subtle reactions of each other. Especially since every reaction is far from subtle. Dean leans into Cas, giving him all he’s got, all the bottled up emotion and words unsaid come out through his fast, unbreaking kiss.
Cas smiled to himself and got up, “that's what I like to hear.” He winked and moved back to the cart, placing the holy water back. He turned around and left the dungeon, leaving Dean still exposed and gasping in relief.
Cas isn’t at functioning ability to speak, or respond in the slightest way, so Dean gently kisses his jaw, waiting for the wave to hit.
Parking the impala in front of his establishment of choice, he takes a step out and looks around for a moment. The moon is climbing ever so lustrously up the sky for the first hint of nighttime. A full moon. The LED of the sign rests over the scene like a twisted halo. Silence would have made the whole sight dim and depressing, but faint hums and the sound of music transforms it into something a little more comforting.
“So a werewlf jumped you in a bar?” Sam questions, his eyes still focusing on the needle he’s weaving through Dean’s wound.
Cas began to trace down Dean’s neck, using just one finger. Cas could see Dean slowly tensed with the teasingly slow action.
He squinted and rubbed his eyes until he could mostly see again. He kept walking and walking and walking. This road was busy but no one seemed to notice or care that he was all alone. On top of everything, he’d left all of his money in the storage room, so he had nothing to get food or drink. Castiel accepted his fate.
At last, Dean coaxes himself out of standing around, waiting for some miracle that would all at once admonish him for his wrongdoings and bring his angel back. That isn’t going to happen, and it was getting very cold. ‘I hope Cas is okay,’ his mind thinks before he can get the the better of himself and squash the girly sentinement right away. He turns back and makes his way over to the impala and down that road he had planned to drive down a few minutes ago.
“Well?” Sam got up immediately when he saw Cas enter the room, signaling he was finished with whatever he’d done to Dean.
“Hurry the hell up, man,” Cas couldn’t see his face, but he could tell this man looked at him like he was absolute scum…
“If I'm gonna teach you about touch then I think kissing is kind of important,” Dean says, wanting reassurance from him before he proceeds with anything.
Dean makes his way into the library, sighing with relief when he finds Cas standing still for a moment. He is stood with his back toward Dean, crossing his arms. Dean takes a moment to breathe, just waiting for an outburst. The dim light originating from a small lamp on the table to their right highlights only Cas, marking a faint line across the carpet that separates the two of them
Dean runs up to him, and holds his wrist to stop him from continuing. Cas yanks his arm out of his grasp, holding it closer to his body, and Dean realizes his mistake. Both of them stand there, tense, emotional, and silent.
Dean shakes his head slightly, “no, I went out to drink and then, ya know, guy kind of… came out of nowhere.”
Dean allows his eyes to drift upward from the sink and land on his reflection in the mirror. There’s some red marks on his arms, a few minor scratches on his face and stomach, and then the throbbing slash that’s covered in dry blood at the top of his sternum. And don’t forget the splatters of wolf blood on his face. It’s almost gruesome, but Dean’s used to the look of it all by now. He leans against the sink, closing his eyes, trying for a bit of peace and a moment of utter silence. He winces as the gash reminds him again that he needs to get on with it.
“No Dean, that's not what this is about,” Cas turned his head to the side, his dark glare never faltering, “this is about how pathetic and weak this all is.”
And Cas brings his head close to Dean, their lips touching once again. Dean can’t move, he can only close his eyes as a small tear escapes from his hold.
EDIT: AHHH! So as you can see, I've just figured out that there will be 8 chapters in total. I'm gonna stop talking before I spoil anything, see you soon!
"Very well," Cas sighed and padded onto the porch. It looked good in the dewy morning, the new boards shining bright and golden in the orangey sunlight of morning. They should get an umbrella, sit out and watch the sunrise. Drink coffee with the smell of bacon in the air. Maybe hold hands--
He found a dresser in the storage room that had decorative doorknobs, and it was really no trouble at all to drag and push it down the hallway--Cas would like that it was different.
“It doesn’t matter, forget it.” They are still too close, and Cas’s hands are on him. Cas’s hands resting on his shoulders, thumbs settled lightly over his collarbones. It hurt, oh--god does it hurt to look at Cas, see his own destruction mirrored in the set of Cas’s mouth, in the tension of his muscles.
Obtainable. The word is a surprise. Implies desire. Implies want of something. Want of Cas. Deancas, Casdean--Destiel, he thinks they’d called it. Subtext. Sex. Cas. Sex with Cas…?
Outside the door of his room he could hear Sam’s footsteps. He did his best not to breathe when they stilled outside of his door, only releasing the burning air in his lungs when he heard his brother move on.
Cas shrugged out of his robe without a thought, and Dean suddenly found that his mouth was very dry.
Hello Dean, Cas had said the day they met. Hello, Dean. And Dean didn’t know then, couldn’t know. Cas, the angel watching over him. Cas, Cas, Castiel Angel of the Lord--looking at Dean and Dean can’t help but think of Purgatory, of finding Cas there, of holding him.
After that, Dean had taken him shopping for a water bottle. It was yellow and black striped with a little bee on the lid. He hadn’t had the heart to tell Cas that it was girly.
“I have, do you really think that I haven’t tried. Do you think that I--goddamit.” There were the tears again, making the world blurry and wet. He rubbed them away. He could dimly hear Eileen approaching him. He appreciated that she didn’t say a word about him crying. He appreciated that all she did was take the mug from his hands and tenderly replace it in the cabinet.
“Cas,” Dean says, and his voice breaks. His heart breaks. Everything fucking breaks. He needs something to fix him, he needs something, he needs--
“He needs to know he’s welcome, Sammy. There’s no reason for his feathery ass to be anywhere other than here.”
“He’s outside. He likes to watch the birds in the morning.” Dean could feel the satisfaction taking over his face at the thought of Cas, sitting outside in the grass, watching the birds with his coffee in hand. “Did you know that he likes strawberries?”
And Dean couldn’t take it anymore, and there with the filtered noises of debauchery ringing through the paper walls he confessed at last, “You got Eileen back, Sam.”
“I missed you,” Cas says, and his cheeks turn red because he’s fucking human and blood flows through his body and to all the parts of him. Cas moves to step around the table and Dean wants to touch him so badly that his hands clench. It freaks him out so much that he stumbles backwards.
He pulls Cas into him, pulls him so close and Cas lets him. Cas has always let Dean move him, touch him, even when he was a being taller than the Chrysler Building and now Dean understands why, he understands that this. This: Cas in his arms and warm beneath his palms. The smell of earth and water in the air. This is heaven, this is a privilege he never thought he’d have.
When Dean woke up the next day there was mud on his pillow, dried blood on his clothes. He caught a glance of himself in the vanity mirror: he looked like a murderer. He looked like bad news.
He hears the sound of a throat clearing, and turns to see Sam, holding the tablet. “It’s about time,” Sam says. “You’re lucky it was me and not a demon.”
“Castiel,” he whispers when he comes back into his body. “Cas,” and he means ‘I love you.’ He means ‘stay with me.’ He means ‘the world without you is emptier.’ Cas, hard and aching against him, his hips pulsing, seeking friction. Dean isn’t good with words, but he knows how to touch, knows the language of bodies. Knows how to worship with kisses and caresses and Cas is the most precious thing he’s been given.
And Dean doesn't care that it's ridiculously cheesy. He only cares that it makes Cas happy. He only cares that this glorious moment is theirs.
And Dean hears it: the breaking somewhere deep inside of him, because Cas makes his name sound holy.
“Dean, I know that you don’t wish to hear this, but I consider saving you one of the great privileges of life.”
“I meant every word,” Cas says, and Dean feels some sort of selfish pleasure unfurl in his chest at the admission. “I’m sorry it’s caused you so much distress. I thought I could stay, but I can move out if--”
Please, please, please Cas, please. Don’t stop, please, Cas please. Please love me and please stay oh--
"You meant it?" And Dean was falling, collapsing, sinking into the wooden deck he'd built for Cas because he'd never thought that Cas wanted to stay, wanted him. Wanted--
Under the hiss of the shower, Dean thought of Cas. Thought of Cas’s dry sense of humor, thought of Cas pulling him out of hell, thought of Cas watching over him.
“Not anymore,” Cas says, but it’s muffled because Cas’s mouth is most decidedly full of cock. And this is where usually Dean would wake up. But this time he doesn’t wake up, this time he feels the sinful things that Cas’s mouth is doing to him. This time he feels the way Cas’s moans shake him apart as he sucks and this time--this glorious time, Dean shudders apart into the mouth of an angel. This time he sees Cas wipe his mouth and lick up the excess practically fucking purring. And this time Cas takes out his dick while Dean is still shaking from pleasure. This time Dean gets to see, gets to touch, gets to reach out and stroke the sheer magnificence of Cas. His Cas.
“Cas,” he said. “Castiel, if you can hear me...please, Cas--” But as usual, there was only silence in reply. No sound of wings, no perplexed angel appearing, no gravelly voice saying ‘Hello, Dean.’ No sign at all that Dean was anything but alone.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas said. His hair was very wet and his eyes were very blue. He wore one of the robes that Dean had found for him.
And thank the moon for the light of the stars because seeing Cas come undone is one of Dean’s favorite things in the universe. He commits it to memory: the shadow of his lashes, the flush of his cheeks, the wanton curves of his parted lips. Cas, Cas--sinking into him, into his arms. Cas. He could stay like this forever-- Fuck, he got to have a forever with Cas!
"You are so much more than that," Cas said, his hand on Dean's forearm in a way that made Dean freakishly aware that he wasn't wearing a shirt. "So much more."
All he knew was pain, and he knew that the only thing worse than this was Cas leaving him again. Those blue, blue eyes. He couldn’t look away, how could he look away? “Cas.”
Cas shakes his head. “I said I’d go with you.” And that was the thing about Cas; when he says things, he means them. And he deserves things. He deserves happiness, and pleasure, and touch--
“It’s not,” Dean mumbled, but he couldn’t make himself pour his coffee into the mug. He also couldn’t put it back. He clutched it between his palms like a lifeline.
Even though he didn’t deserve it, even though he let Cas down. Let him down with silence and with not being fast enough. Because foolish as it may seem if he tried to explain it, Dean knew that if he had only been fast enough--if he’d just been there, he could have been quick enough for Cas to not have to go into the dark alone.
The bloody handprint on Dean’s jacket glared up at him from its place on the bed beside him. He’d kept a coat once, kept it safe for Cas to come home to. This time the coat was Dean’s, but it was Cas. Cas’s hand on Dean’s shoulder in a way that had faded on his skin, but still remained on the coat.
That was forever, that was always. That was even if the sky fell and the world ended hundreds of times. That was even if he stopped being a hunter or Cas started being an angel again. It was even when Cas was angry and especially when he was sad. Always.
Cas's mouth is moving, but Dean can't hear anything that he's saying. He's gone temporarily deaf because Cas's shirt is unbuttoned and he looks like some sort of romance novel cover--not that Dean reads romance novels but he’d skimmed a few and Cas was most definitely--
It got to be too much, the emptiness of waiting for Cas. The praying for Jack to return. He couldn’t say Cas’s name unless he was alone. No one else said it either. Hunts blurred together, and Dean was reckless in a way Cas would have been furious about. Sam and Eileen tried to cheer him up, but more often than not the smiles they fought for disappeared.
Sam makes him shower and shave, makes him drink some sort of juice that’s supposed to be detoxifying, but really just tastes like leaf paste.
And Baby’s hood is cold in the night air against his bare back and Cas is in between his legs, all around him and everywhere--
Dean taps his fingers nervously against Baby’s wheel. Had the cab always been so...intimate. Jeez, did it feel intimate with Cas here beside him. Even though they weren’t touching. Even though Cas wasn’t even looking at him.
They stared at each other, they'd been doing that more and more. Especially since there was no one to interrupt them anymore. Dean could probably write an essay on Cas's eyes at this point. They were so blue, so earnest and open.
"It's a wreath, Dean," Cas said, adjusting the offending object. It has fairy lights on it, damn it. Fairy lights and words. Freaking words.
“Throw them out then,” Cas says, grinding his hips downward. “I don’t care what the walls look like if I have you pressed against them.”
Why do they only touch when one of them is in pain? Why are they always looking, fighting, talking--it is the easiest hardest thing to talk to Cas.
Fucking impaled, he was fucking impaled. Sam frantically called 911 as Dean faded out of consciousness.
It goes on so long he can’t breathe. It goes on so long that the windows fog and Cas’s lips and teeth leave marks on Dean’s throat, his collarbone--
Water splatters down between the boards as Cas tends to his plants. Big flowers in all colors. Basil too, and other herbs that Cas would bring him in little bundles. Cas must have a green thumb or some shit. Dean considers telling him so, just to make conversation. They haven't been talking much. Not since Cas showed up, dark circles and stubble with Jack at his heels proudly gabbling about how he'd gotten his Dad back.
“Oh... “ Cas does the funny little head tilt he does when he doesn’t fully understand, and he looks so...perfectly human. So exactly like Cas. LIke he had the first night he met. “I didn’t want to make you uncomfort--”
Cas turns, and Dean's mouth goes dry at the way the water drops drip down Cas's exposed forearms. Cas could probably hold him down. Cas has held him down. Cas has pressed him up against walls, has beaten him nearly unconscious with his eyes flashing electric fire.
“Cas,” Dean said. “Cas.” and he was hoping with all his heart that Cas understood what he couldn’t say, hoping that Cas knew. Because Cas had seen his soul, the parts of it that liked cowboys and Dr. Sexy and the parts that weren’t pretty. Cas had seen his regrets and his flaws and his secrets so he had to know--
Sam sighed, opened his mouth like he was going to say something, decided against it. He walked away, then came back. “Dean,” he said, and his voice was soft. “You know that I love you no matter what--”
“Good,” Dean says, because that is the only word that can escape his throat when all he can feel is Cas in his arms, and all he can see is the electric blue of Cas’s eyes, the pinkness of his mouth. Alive, he is alive. They are alive. Yet even now, with Cas all around him Dean has to hear it, has to know that Cas meant it. That it’s still true. “Did you mean it?”
The screen door opens with a squeak, and Cas is back again. Standing in the doorway. Cheeks rosy, eyes bright, but guarded. He looks so human. So present. So obtainable that Dean can hardly breathe.
A horn blares, and Dean abruptly remembers that he is in fact driving, and should be watching the road, and not the minute fluctuations of Cas’s facial muscles. The driver of the car passing him flips them the finger.
His mother had told him when he was small: angels are watching over you. SHe was right, Cas was always watching. Watching with his bedroom eyes, his tousled hair, his trenchcoat. Eye-fucking, Sam always called it, until he realized there was too much truth in his jests. But the funny thing about always being watched by angels that no one tells you: is how lost you feel when they leave.
"You are the most important thing," Dean said. "And when you died--every time you died--once I said...I prayed. I called you my everything and..." He held Cas's palm to his face, desperately willing him to understand. "It's true," Dean said. "You are my everything."
“Cas.” Dean says, and Cas’s hand settles on Dean’s shoulder like it had that first time. It felt right, it felt holy it felt--
“Dean?” and Cas’s hand was still warm on Dean’s cheek. He crouched down, careful, so careful with him.
“Cas,” Dean says again, and he feels so small. The table of flowerpots between them is an insurmountable distance. Cas, I want to be in your atmosphere. Cas, come closer. Please come closer. Do you still love me? But Cas doesn’t know the pictures he’s painting in his brain, can’t hear his prayers for closeness anymore.
Dean couldn't say gay because the lady at the garden store had called Cas his husband when Dean went to pick up Cas's order. And Dean hadn't said a damn word because there was something nice about strangers thinking Cas was his to keep. His to take care of and love.
It niggled at Dean persistently for a long while before he decided to do anything about it. Sam found him cleaning out the room directly across from Dean’s own.
Not until he felt the selfish pleased curl in his stomach when Cas cleaned his plate after Dean cooked for him.
“Stay,” Dean begs, even as Cas pulls him closer. Pulls him close and kisses him like he’s still worth having, like he matters.
So Dean turned the radio up as high as it could go, cranked it until the speakers popped and he thought his ears might bleed. It didn’t matter. Nothing mattered anymore.
It was easiest to drink. Everywhere he looked he saw memories of Cas. Cas in his doorway trying to return his mixtape, Cas in his bed watching westerns and complaining about it, Cas in the library, the map room, the kitchen. Cas wearing Dean’s clothes, Cas in his trenchcoat, Cas in the cowboy hat looking puzzled in that way he had that made Dean want to--
Maybe Cas had stolen his blaze of glory, maybe Cas had given him a quieter ending, but it wasn’t worth it anymore. He felt his shoulders shaking again. Now that the world was safer, it was so much harder not to cry.
Shit, Cas hadn't even touched him. They'd just stared at each other while Sam smiled like he knew something. Sure, maybe there had been tears. Maybe it had plucked at something deep inside Dean's chest when Cas hadn't put his arms around him like he usually did when they were reunited.
“Evaporation is a fascinating phenomenon. It’s quite magnificent to ‘air-dry’ as they say,” Cas furrowed his brow as he finger-quoted.
“The dryer,” Dean corrected automatically. “It’s the washing machine, but the dryer is just the dryer.”
There was no answer, no flutter of wings or the rumble of Cas’s voice saying his name like a prayer. There was no ‘Hello, Dean.”
“Here you go,” Dean said, trying to be casual about the handoff of clothes even though when his hands brushed Cas’s it felt like his skin was a ringing telephone that he was too afraid to answer. This was new too, the touching. Cas usually only touched him when one of them was dying, but now there were brushes of fingers and--
“Dean,” Cas said, and he smiled. A real, gummy smile that wrinkled his nose and lit up his eyes. “I will stay for as long as you want me.”
Charlie's eyebrow wiggle when she met Cas. He's dreamy, she said. And Dean couldn't disagree. God, he missed Charlie. She always brought out the best parts of him.
"Good morning, Dean," Cas said, padding over to him. His bare feet slapped the hardwood. Cas had never quite grasped the importance of personal space. Not that Dean had been reminding him since he came back. It was nice to know that Cas was here, that Cas was close enough to touch. Even if Cas might love him. Dean was too afraid to ask. He could have meant, 'I love you like a brother or a friend,' or maybe he only meant it when he thought he was dying: I love you, but I don't want the responsibility of doing anything about it.
Dean freezes. He didn’t mean to touch him, didn’t mean to reach out. He’d never intended to feel the warmth of Cas beneath his palm, or to be aware of the hitch the contact has caused in his breath. He is reminded again of how very human Cas is now.
Dean spent the remainder of the morning scouring the bunker for things he thought Cas would like. He found an old lamp made of stained glass panels of blues and white. He found a painting of a meadow. A table of pale wood with spindly legs that only wobbled a little bit. He dug through the bunker’s linen closet and found sheets that were just the right shade of blue. He found a rocking chair that only needed a couple of nails and a new coat of paint.
“You were wrong,” Dean said, pressing his forehead to the hollow of Cas’s throat because he has to speak, but can’t when those eyes are staring into him. “You have me, you’ve always had me. I wanted you back, I wanted--”
The room was dusty, but it didn’t take Dean long to unearth the furniture. It was all wrong. Harsh and ugly. It wouldn’t do. If Cas didn’t like it, he wouldn’t stay. He’d already been talking about getting a job. He had to stay. Cas was his best friend.
He woke with Cas leaning over him, and tried not to think about how much he liked it. Liked the way the sunlight haloed Cas’s face. Liked the way he could feel Cas’s hands on his cheeks. He touched him so tenderly, thumbs brushing his cheekbones like he was something special. He had never touched him like this, and his cheeks colored faintly when Dean grinned at him.
“Dammit, Cas, you make everything so complicated sometimes.” Dean’s fingers are probably going to go numb from gripping the steering wheel so hard. Fuck, had it always been like this? Is he saying Cas’s name too much? Is he not saying it enough?
Dean can’t breathe, he can’t breathe and Cas looks up, face framed with fucking flowers, and says the words Dean never thought he’d hear again.
It's actually ridiculous, really. That he's allowed to look at him now. That he was so afraid to before. That he thought he never would again, and now at night he gets to hear Cas breathing through their shared wall.
See, it was things like that that hurt the most to fucking remember. Cas in Baby, Cas on top of Baby naked and covered in bees. Cas beside him in a cowboy hat, Cas bewildered in Hot Topic or standing in rooms of the bunker.
"Cas," Dean said, and Cas looked at him and his face lit up. Lit up like Dean was a stack of PB&J's and not a grumpy mess of a hunter with a bum knee and abandonment issues.
He stumbled down the creaky stairs and into the hall to find the front door wide open, and Cas standing there in a plaid pajama set with bare feet and fucking bedhead.
Radio static fills the air. Cas fiddles with the dials until the music returns. Something sappy from the 50s.
Sometimes he’d feel a soft touch to his shoulder, a voice whispering roughly that things would be okay. He knew it was Cas watching over him, and he kept that to himself too.
Cas was in Dean’s room. Of course, it wasn’t the first time, but usually Cas being in Dean’s room meant that the entire world was in jeopardy, or that someone was bleeding out.
Here is losing track of time. Here is no phone, and no destination. Here is backwater towns and barfights and too many tears to keep track of. Here is trying to drown sorrow in the old ways: women and liquor and violence. Here is crying on the floor in front of a graffitied mirror with a handprint on your cheek, over and over, because you can’t even remember how to have a one-night stand anymore.
Cas turns to face him at last, brow furrowed in confusion. But then, it would be, wouldn’t it? It had been about twenty solid minutes of silence.
“He was very impatient,” Cas says as Dean accelerates to something closer to the speed limit. He sees the exit for the ice cream parlor in the rearview mirror and swears.
“You stupid bastard,” Dean said, but he meant ‘I missed you.’ And Cas, who raised Dean from perdition, who had seen his soul and all the broken parts of him: Cas understood.
Dean held up a hand, weakly, and Cas stopped. "That's," he cleared his throat. "That's really excellent, Cas."
And then it wasn’t, and Dean’s heart beats faster at the blessing of Cas’s presence beside him. And now he is driving, and Cas is fidgeting with the radio and Dean doesn’t even feel a little bit murderous, which freaks him out more than the fact that he’s considering sucking Cas off just so he’ll be happy. And he loves him, and he’s not gay, but there has to be a word somewhere that lets him like tits and the idea of Cas’s cock in his mouth--
