Heat pooled at the pearly white silk collar of Tony’s expensive shirt. His delicate hand unconsciously brushing over it, tugging against it to allow himself to breathe. The nervousness pulling at him, making him uneasy. Perhaps, he hadn’t thought about this too much. However, the dark part of him crushed the hesitance underneath its boot with ease, using the man’s resentment and infatuation as tools to degrade and punish his long-time ally for his perceived slights against him.
‘Don’t what? You want this… you filthy little shit…’ His words were as heavy as his thrusts. Steve arched his back when his prostate was hit once more. Stark’s cock was opening him up, squelching sounds filling the air.
Steve’s head lolled back, the breath knocked from his burning lungs from Tony’s spontaneous physical outburst. His throat felt constricted, unable to form words, unable to defend himself.
Steve was on alert, at the ready, as if they were going to be ambushed at any moment.
Steve’s body was wrenched and folded in two, Tony’s chest and looming form hunched forward, pearls of sweat falling on his defined abs. His hand was holding and pushing Steve’s thigh in an awkward pose, paving the way for better, deeper access.
‘You have
Everyone looked at each other, unsure of how to respond. All of their gazes settled on a dumbstruck Tony Stark who was frozen in place. His fists were curled tightly, his knuckles almost white.
‘Did I tell you to speak? No. I didn’t think so…’ said Tony as he watched Steve close himself once more to him, his defiant glare remaining. ‘And, oh…’
‘Really? I thought you enjoyed yourself plenty, Rogers. Who knows, you might change your mind,’ snarled Stark. His sharp wit was always a result of his fears.
He renewed his pleas, while his flesh remained posed. He had promised Tony anything, and he would go through with it, but he was afraid of the lasting damage. He couldn’t do anything if he ended up dead.
Tony let the comment slide and waited for the rest. Steve hesitated before answering.
‘And we both know that’s utter bullshit!’ snapped Bucky. Bucky’s eyes searched for Steve’s, only to be met with resistance and avoidance.
he thought.
His lips curled into a barely visible smile mixed with a tinge of surprise.
The noises from the bustling street outside were almost too loud to cover Bucky’s lazy steps currently shuffling around, possibly fumbling with the lock.
Something felt wrong with the air, with his friend’s guarded posture and Bucky took notice of it. While calmly sipping his coffee, the Winter Soldier’s eyes narrowed at Steve’s bed, suspicion clawing at his head.
‘This…this is…perfect. I can’t believe this is happening… I’m fucking Captain America…ah…Damn, Rogers… you were made for this…take it!’ shouted Tony in hilarity, as if he were speaking to no one in particular. He thrusted in an unforgiving haste, his ball sack hitting Steve in the wake of each buck.
‘This says otherwise,’ Tony’s right hand left Steve’s neck to slither under Steve’s crotch, finding a hard mass in his palm, tugging it. ‘I knew it…Can’t get enough of this, you fucking whore…’
‘Perfect,’ Tony chirped.
His plump, recovered lips pressed together, hoping to contain the shout that threatened to emerge.
He saw Steve’s once flawless skin now tarnished, marked by some unknown force.
Steve sniggered at that, ‘This might not be a bad thing after all. Stark has his shortcomings, but he might teach you a thing or two.’
Hello guy!
‘Tsk. Tsk tsk...We wouldn't want your best pal to wake up, now, would we?’ He rolled his pelvis, reaching new depths within the man, his cock firmly grasped within Steve’s inner walls.
I'm like so happy with the warm comments and love you have shown this fiction.
Both men faced each other. The deadly silence in the room was palpable. The blond-haired man quickly found his sharp tongue and cut the silence as he made his way past Tony, their shoulders bumping hard. Steve didn’t look back. He could feel Tony’s glare on his back.
Tony growled, his fists ready for another fight.
‘Like hell I do,' Tony scoffed, his voice hoarse, while he glared daggers at the looming presence above him. ‘There's no stopping me, Rogers...'
He could hear the other man's calm breathing, yet Tony’s heartbeat rang loudly in Steve's sensitive ears.
‘Thank you,’ softly murmured Steve, attempting to remain polite.
Tony’s voice was hoarse, broken just like his spirit.
Steve tried the best he could to reign in his pained groan at the strain on his nape, as Bucky’s calloused fingers skimmed the phantom bruises.
He wouldn’t give Tony the satisfaction of seeing him react to his taunts, but it was hard when each thrust made his toes curl. He prayed Tony wouldn’t notice his very interested erection.
‘You worry too much...’ reached the soldier’s ears as the sudden voice was carried by the soft caress of the wind. Steve immediately recognized to whom the voice had belonged.
Tony was taken aback by the harsh tone, surprised by the force behind the words. His brow arched in amusement, but inside he felt the turmoil of being yelled at.
From amongst the shadows, a voice growled out in a low, but familiar octave, “Enough!”
‘Fuck…’ Breathless and his breathing ragged, Tony savored the coppery taste of Steve’s essence, making sure the other could see him.
'No,' Steve said defiantly as he took calculating steps forward, his march decisive and threatening. 'I don’t ever want to see your face near Bucky, our friends, or me again, you understand me?"
Whoever shared this space with him didn't care for subtlety at all which gave a hint to whom it was.
He hated himself for falling prey to Tony’s dark, meticulous scheme. He took pride in his iron clad control, but now it failed him.  A slave to his biological urges, he wanted to puke for being so weak.
That earned Tony a dangerous growl. Steve Rogers rarely swore, so Tony was taken aback by such an intense remark. Pristine black shoes took an involuntary step back as he saw the Captain’s features darkened suddenly. He did love to push the righteous man’s buttons, though. It made for such an attractive picture.
Tony was ecstatic. He had always enjoyed messing with America’s golden boy, but it was always meant to be in a playful manner; he had come to enjoy Steve and his presence. Messing with him was just Tony’s way of showing his affection to the man.
Steve strut somberly towards his new accommodations, shrouded in a veil of mist.
Hope you like it!
What in the hell was Tony wearing?
‘Make a sound and we’ll have a problem,’ Tony’s strained voice commanded, struggling himself with the need to simply fuck the soldier into the mattress and not cum right inside him. Sometimes he was impressed with his self-control.
The twitch from Tony's face made his discontent quite apparent. Steve shoved it aside choosing to take a stance. Cooling his temper, he opened his mouth, still finding it hard to voice the words.
Happy reading!
‘Jesus Buck, you don’t get it! You can’t fix this!’ Steve shouted in the direction of a pumped up Bucky.
Steve took a slow exhale, exasperated by Stark’s antics, ‘What’s wrong with my clothes? They’re very comfortable and allow for easy movement.’
They both headed out towards the chopper that finally descended on the helipad.
Steve fixed his posture, his stance defensive this time. His fists were barely raised to his chest when he sensed Tony rise from his seat and move past him, their shoulders brushing against one another.
‘Indeed, Man of Iron, the captain will surely see how wonderful of a man you are!’ boasted Thor, tapping Tony on his back, almost making him choke from the strength of the swat. God, Thor needed to control his strength.
Whatever had happened last night, whatever caused Steve to be so distant, Tony Stark was responsible for it.
With a harsh shove, Steve freed himself and scurried for the bathroom door, leaving but an inch to peer through to finally lock his pained, yet resilient gaze with Bucky’s fiery one.
‘Don’t lie! You fuckin’ love this, don’t you? I knew you’d be a masochistic bitch,’  Tony berated the man, adding another finger into the warm, parched passage, making himself wince.
Each of Tony’s thrusts were shallow and harder than the previous one, stealing moans and soft mewls from Steve’s unwilling mouth.
Detaching himself from Bucky’s friendly touch, Steve quickly headed towards the direction of the unoccupied bathroom only to be thwarted by Bucky’s strong grip on his forearm.
Hope you liked the chapter and comments are super welcomed! Thanks for your support!
Tony chuckled darkly at the feeble attempt, waving the protection away.
No matter, Steve didn’t let up, his worry shifting to sudden paranoia, which made Bucky wary of his companion’s unprecedented behavior. Steve faced Bucky with a heavy look on his face, and voiced his concern, almost spilling the contents of his hot beverage onto the side table when he dropped it roughly with a loud thud.
'That's not how I remember it,' taunted Tony, licking his now very dry lips with his agile tongue.
Bucky came to a startling realization.  And it hit him like a ton of bricks.
Tony spared a glance at the soldier’s blood-filled dick as it slapped against his balls. He bit down on Steve’s neck, his next words muffled by the sound.
Steve couldn’t deal with this. These pictures…His own -.
Tony wouldn’t permit Steve to detach from it all. His facial features were contorted in anguish, his teeth bared, his pupils expanded with a crimson ring over them.
How could Tony ask this of him? It wouldn’t do to anger the man further, therefore he kept his mouth shut.
Steve exhaled loudly, crushing the pencil in his hands with a loud crack. All it did was make Tony’s smile broaden on his face.
He let himself loosen up.
Steve frowned, he happened to like his clothes.
‘Still, it was unwanted risky behavior.’ Steve’s hand ran up his face in exasperation, moving soft locks of hair from his forehead with his fingers.
When Tony passed the transparent windows of the conference room, he saw all of the Avengers gathered around the circular table, some waiting more patiently than others.
Oh god…Steve could feel the applied pressure aimed at his ass, he clenched in hopes of stopping Tony from assaulting him a second time, but all it did was pull him apart.
Hey guys, Here is a bit more character development and introspection on Steve's part. Tony's part will shortly follow.
Honestly, this last chapter was real hard to bring together and I'm not super proud of the flow of it, but meh it's out I can move on.
Steve took in all the information and looked at the terrain wondering what Hill needed from them.
As for Tony, he couldn’t contain his glee about Steve’s position.
(See the end of the chapter for
It took him by surprise when he felt a pressure in his loins. He felt himself stir when he finally reached himself, soapy fingers lightly grazing his now half hard erection. He restrained himself, letting his glistening prick rest in his trembling palm, hesitating.
Tony's look now conveyed annoyance whereas it was once full of love and adoration.
Tony hummed in contempt as he let his arousal brush against Cap’s thighs, making the other gasp into his own mouth. The exchange grew heated and dangerous. Tony’s teeth caught his lower lip, nibbling softly until he bit harshly at the supple skin, leaving a trail of red blood trickling down his chin onto his collar.
He wouldn’t give the satisfaction to the sick bastard.
‘I have to say Cap, your costume doesn’t do your ass justice and that’s saying something, considering how tight it looks.’
‘Do you even hear yourself, Stark?’ Steve met Tony’s stance right on.
He paused, his ears tuning in to the loud noise in the background.
'I do have to admit that those pictures from our first time together....hmmmm. fucking hot. With you blowing me like a damn whore…I swear, gets me hard all the damn time. I'm sure Ross would love them, maybe even give yo-'
Apparently, Tony didn’t appreciate the fact that Steve seemed unaffected by what had transpired. Not as much as him, anyways, and it pissed him off.
God, he loved to ruffle Steve’s feathers. Something about seeing Steve angry excited him on multiple levels.
Well, hope you guys had fun! Next part, Steve's inner demons and coming to terms with how he reacted to Tony. Also, a look into Bucky's perspective, did he hear anything? Does he remember? Will he suspect anything? Stay tuned!
Used.
'What can I say?' he waved Steve off and smirked evilly, 'I'm hard to get rid of.’
‘FUCK…!! Yess, take it soldier, shit…I’m cumming…I-’
‘Let me hear you…’ Tony pulled back enough for the slick head of his cock to rest at Steve’s puckering entrance, only to ram it in again and again, until all that was heard in the room were the soft, squishing sounds of Tony’s slick dick and the subdued pants and shouts spilling from Steve’s saliva coated lips.
Hope you enjoyed this final chapter! I will take a little break until I find my writing mojo back and start writing on another Steve tony but lighter read ahah. The next installement of the dark chronicles will look at where Bucky has been or why he hasn't answered Steve's messages. What will Tony ask of Steve's next? Will anyone figure out what's going on? I promise sexy, evil, dark Tony doing horrible things to Steve that will aim to break him more in the future...please be patient! Feedback is always welcome! love you all
His clothes were in shambles, but at least he could pretend it was from a fight. He made short work of his pants after he put on his blue shirt. His hands passed through his hair, slicking it back. His heavy steps alerted Tony that he was up. He swore he saw Tony jump and tense.
He was alone. He had caused this.
TBC...
‘Do your worst...’ Lifting his head to meet the face of his tormentor, the super soldier paused for momentum. When he knew he held the other’s attention, he clenched his teeth through a vicious smirk and growled lowly,
Again, I am not knowledgeable in the Accords very much and the likes, but if you have ideas of where this could go, I always welcome different ideas.
Steve hated to admit it, but Tony was starting to make a lot of sense. He couldn’t let Tony know that, though. He could do with a bit more modicum, though.
, she thought to herself as the men moved further from earshot.
Steve’s ass quivered, but remained clenched tight through his wrinkled pants. Steve’s glutes could be clearly seen giving his ass the beautiful curve it deserved, after so much work had been put into it.
Steve’s moans went straight to the genius’s cock. The tension coiling at Steve’s flesh only made the friction sweeter. Steve’s weak whimpers quickly escalated to full blown wails as Tony finally hit his prostate.
Extending his calloused hand towards the space that separated both men, Tony beckoned Captain America towards him. His heart was pounding dangerously, pumping blood straight to his groin in apprehension.
Neatly handwritten words peaked out of the paper, next to the screen of the phone that pictured Steve’s painful cries when Tony had assaulted his mouth with his hungry cock during their reunion.
Tony mockingly put his hand where his heart was in shock, flashing his teeth at Steve to meet him.
He could barely fit in with his bulk. It was as if the walls were closing in on him. He felt small.
‘I’ll let...let you f-fuck me, beat me, I gave you my…word, but…please I can’t… just-’ He left his arms at his sides, fighting against retaliating, his eyes searching for any flicker of light in Tony’s dark brown orbs.
Well, he observed Tony flirting with Steve on several occasions, without any sort of response from the older man.
(See the end of the chapter for
‘WHAT?!! Why? Guess you’ll have to protect my rear, Cap!’
‘Frankly, I could do without the commentary.’
With only seconds to spare, Steve barely managed to push down his wrinkled shirt, hiding the remainder of his temporary marks, before the smell of freshly brewed coffee assaulted his nostrils, in the hands of a very still Bucky.
(See the end of the chapter for
His balled fist suddenly smashed the shower wall at an angle, the flat of his hand crushing the tiles, leaving wet dust permeating the air, settling at the bottom of his wet feet, melding with the water. He hadn’t restrained his strength, leaving the foundations of the room cracking.
OMG...this is so hard to write...I just want them to kiss and make out, but I can't argg… hope you enjoyed this chapter and its light flirting. Will they actually focus on their mission, how will Steve react in the next chapter upon finding out what type of resort this is? Stay tuned! Comments keep me going and are super appreciated as always. More will come! Thanks again
‘Arggg ahh…W-why? We- we had a, a d-deal…I-I don’t…want...t-this. You can't.…’ Steve questioned, a hint of betrayal flashing through his irises. He knew he had the strength to topple his abuser off of him, but not without causing a ruckus.
‘I’m not the liar here and you know it.’
Steve had heard that word before, from Stark’s treacherous mouth. A loud pang pierced at his heart, guilt washing over him from being so secretive.
Unknown to him, the wave of panic that constricted his chest had spread to Steve’s glistening blue eyes. The Super Soldier puffed out his chest in a last ditch effort, gathering whatever was left within him to push Bucky off of him. As much as he didn’t want to hurt his newly found friend, he had to keep this silent. And for now, that meant pushing the other man away from him.
‘Whatever you want, Tony,’ Steve lifelessly replied.
7h45 a.m. and still no sign of Tony Stark.
‘Good boy,’ praised Tony, his teeth flashing in the dimly lit room. Shadows were cast on half of Stark’s body, his crimson suit giving him a villainesque presence.
‘Ladies…’ Maria Hill’s strong voice resonated through the walls, cutting their petty argument short to everyone’s disappointment.
‘I still don’t see the problem…’ Steve shrugged as he wondered why Tony had such a vested interest in what he was bringing to the resort. It’s not like he had much to bring in the first place, anyways.
He hadn’t seen Bucky since he left after their argument and in a rash decision, Steve decided to up and move them to a new, hopefully safer, location.
Steve raised his eyebrow, questioning what the Russian spy saw in Tony that he didn’t.
Tony kept fucking Steve’s plump ass in earnest, the tall man’s inner walls squeezing him so hard, Tony had to keep himself from cumming right then and there. Tony’s eyes rolled to the back of his head when he felt the man clench around him. He licked his lips wantonly.
He couldn’t stop the next words from falling out of his open mouth, tasting his sweat on the padded item at his head.
‘Where do you think you’re going? Leaving again, you coward?’ yelled Tony at the top of his lungs. There was a glint in his eyes, like he was hurt once again. He only had himself to blame.
‘You don’t know anything, Buck. You can’t understand… There’s nothing you can do, alright?’ Those last words fell through his lips like a soft plea to leave things be.
, he wouldn’t have complied with.
,’ shyly explained Steve under his breath.
‘Fucking you isn’t enough for what you did to me!? Why?!’ Tony bellowed as he gripped Steve’s sweat drenched locks.
‘That was then, this is now…’ With his left hand, he firmly pressed down at the soldier’s arched back, stopping his struggles ‘Stay down!…Hmmmm, I dont give a shit about what you want. This is about
Steve was the one to cut this meeting short.
It was so thick; Steve’s tongue could taste the bitter fluid on his tainted lips. He can’t say it’s a taste he will ever get used to.
He removed his wet thumb replacing it with two long fingers. The squelching sounds of saliva coated fingers pounding relentlessly now against the walls of his insides made it so lewd that Steve’s skin glowed pink. The harshness made Steve’s knees buckle, angling those fingers in deeper, brushing against a bundle of nerves that sent his head spinning. His throat let out a raspy moan that made Stark smirk widely.
Whatever Steve had to offer to protect his broad chest before was left in shambles at his feet, leaving his skin exposed to the cold breeze. Steve’s chest bore Tony’s sucking bruises with shame. His firm chest, clammy and sweaty, glistening under the piercing sunlight. Steve’s eyes shone brightly with a mixture of defiance and perhaps...desire.
Tony’s eyes were slowly rolling to the back of his head, the lack of oxygen blurring his vision, stinging his red eyes. A vision of him, laying motionless on the cold ground of Siberia, while Steve’s shield loomed over Tony flashed in front of him.
‘Tony?’ Tutted the man, his disapprovement made prominent by his arched eyebrow.
The odds weren’t in their favor. He didn’t know what to expect. He was 100 percent certain Fury withheld crucial information. There had to be an ulterior motive to sending both of them there.
All of this pettiness taught him one important thing about Stark.
Bruce simply muttered a soft. ‘That’s fine by me’ and kept to his corner, silent.
‘Still, Cap had a point. What do you need our skills for? Aside from Nat and I, the others aren’t really suitable for stealth missions, if you know what I mean…’ Clint spared a glance in Thor’s direction who seemed to be oblivious as to what it meant.
'Too bad, I don't give a shit what you want, Rogers. Or have you forgotten my little package already?'
To have Captain America, the man who had made his childhood miserable, the man whom he knew he could never measure up to… at his mercy, whimpering under him; there were no words. He was drunk on it.
‘Ah…I’m….I can’t….I’m…fuck… I don’t even….w-want…Jesus…Don’t make me…please, don’t….’ babbled Steve incoherently, half of his sentence muffled by the unforgiving hand at his throat. It brought an evil curl to Stark’s lips.
Steve hadn’t felt powerless in such a long time, and it fueled him with such rage, that his body moved on its own, ransacking the partially ripped and sticky sheets, punching his pillow, imagining Tony’s face in its stead. However, now wasn’t the time to contemplate his own conflicted feelings. He couldn’t afford to be weak, not when his nose picked up Bucky’s familiar, earthy scent from the other side of the door. Bucky would not know.
Steve’s thighs were too narrow for him to slide in between, which frustrated him. Steve’s body offered resistance, but it wouldn’t last long if Tony had anything to say about it. He also didn’t like the passive, prone form clutched to him. He needed the fight, the fire in Steve’s eyes ablaze once more.
Whenever he tried to get closer to Steve, somehow their mix was a deadly chemical reaction set for failure.
For all intents and purposes, this wasn’t an actual vacation.
Frustrated, he leapt out of the shower while it was still running, his wet locks loose on his forehead, making him look even more gorgeous in his might.
He shoved the basket onto the small table, knocking Bucky’s forgotten, now cold, coffee cup off of it, spilling it onto the carpet. Steve couldn’t care less. In fact, he barely noticed, too drawn to the offending basket.
‘Morning everyone!’ The billionaire cheerfully announced while he spun his chair around, to sit right next to the internally fuming Captain America.
Steve slowly worked on pulling down his sullied underwear, the rough fabric scorching his skin until they pooled at his feet. His drenched shirt was next, joining the rest of his clothes on the cracked tiles of the bathroom floor.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve quickly glanced at his watch.
‘See? How do you expect me to work with that?’ Steve yelled, pointing at Tony’s childish outburst. ‘I don’t do undercover missions because I’m horrible at them. And you want me there with Stark? He can’t follow orders…at all. Natasha is better suited at infiltration, use her.’
‘Well, I’m sure you’ll make up for your inexperience with enthusiasm. Now that the semantics are out of the way, what do you say we get this party started, soldier boy?’
It left him to ponder the implications of such damning evidence. Stark was enjoying his pain, his slow descent into misery.
He flipped the phone to look inside. His angered face morphed into one of pure terror.
The rim of his ass pushed hard against the bold, bulbous head trying to breach his passage. Nerve endings were stretched past his pain threshold, he never felt such pain and the super soldier had lived through a lot. He was aware that Tony meant for him to be in pain and as much as he worked against Tony, he had to stop fighting.
Bucky could still read Steve, even after his time in captivity. The man in front of him was running, and it irked him the wrong way. Nonetheless, he had to be patient and temper his body, lowering his stance.
Right away, he knew who it was from, leaving a sour taste in his mouth.
Tony didn’t care for such insubordination and locked Steve’s jaw in place, facing the softening flesh of his cum coated cock. Steve’s eyes flashed at Tony with a soft glare, begging him to stop there. The other man used his thumb to caress the side of his bruised cheekbone in fake affections.
It sounded harsher than intended, especially with his raspy voice deepening his tone.
After a while, hot steam began to occupy most of the small space, cozying up the room, appeasing Steve’s nerves a little.
Good call, they both thought. The last thing they needed was for one of them to slip up while hurling insults at each other.
Steve backed a few steps away, avoiding the concerned look from his companion.
Bucky didn’t budge at all when the blonde tried to move past him, infuriating Steve more.
Tony’s breath hitched when the object of his affection and recently, his frustrations, stood in front of him in all of his 6 foot 2 glory, broad shoulders and muscled chest contained within the confines of his battered Captain America suit, the grey silvery star popping out of his chest.
Tony’s head snapped to his left when a gentle hand poised itself on his shaking shoulder.
‘We had two agents go missing on a simple reconnaissance mission. We had received solid intel that there was a possible HYDRA base located on a small, remote island in the Pacific. We found out that this potential base is currently functioning as a high-end luxury vacation resort…’
‘Dyed it. Cut it. I’m Tony Stark, Cap, wealthy people definitely will know who that is, but that’s not important right now.’ Waving his hand quickly, dismissing the matter, his mind focused entirely on something more pressing.
Tony snickered to himself, his lips twisted into an evil smile while his eyes burrowed deep into Steve’s. He raised himself, the clatter of his heels bouncing off the walls threateningly.
‘Right…’ Tony managed to chortle out as he stared at the cheap, flimsy bag Cap had slung over his shoulder.
Bucky took a second to seize the room and flashed him a comforting smile still, while his eyebrow arched, wondering about the sudden hostility.
He felt himself being dissected under those piercing brown eyes. He shifted his stance, teeming with embarrassment. His cheeks blossomed, pink coloring his pale skin. The contrast looked sinful.
‘Hey,’ softly asked Bucky, approaching where Steve now sat with bulging eyes and a flushed face. Bucky lifted his arm carefully to appear non threatening.
Steve has to endure more of Tony's antics while Tony dishes out his frustrations on Cap in this conclusion.
Steve yelped and yanked his hand back forcibly, Steve’s fiery gleam piercing Bucky’s own unwavering stare. Tension built up in the atmosphere as both men got ready to fight.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
He cursed under his breath, a scowl plastered across his features.
'Better not lose this one…'  Steve took notice of the object discarded at his feet and quickly tamed his stupor. Tony’s chocolate brown eyes turned a shade darker, ‘I like having you on speed dial…’
Maria rolled her eyes and ignored the smart ass comment.
’ The soldier’s face transfixed with fury.
Steve slowly let his eyes flutter open, observing Tony’s closed off expression as he drilled him, back and forth, until Steve was a mess. Through his dazed state, he saw the pain that painted Tony’s face.
‘STOP THAT! Did I tell you to cover yourself?’ inquired the master.
‘I can’t wait to fuck you...and make you beg for it,’ Tony huskily articulated.
It rocked Steve’s body forward, almost pushing him off balance. It was difficult to comprehend. Stark’s dick kept hitting that spot inside him that made him choke on his own saliva. He whimpered and let himself be fucked into the wall. They shook with the strength of it all. Dust particles flew around them, unsettled from their perch.
‘Cut the crap, Tony.’ Steve bit back.
But what greeted him at the entrance was not his friend. He stared at the vacant space, his eyes looking around for anyone, until his sight locked onto an ostentatious basket.
After going through Tony's punishment, Steve goes back home, but now he has to deal with his conflicted feelings and how to keep this from Bucky. He needs to learn how to deal with what happened.
Fury motioned for Maria Hill to follow him, leaving the other members of the Avengers behind.
He thought, while keeping his pace steady, his impulses driving his body to the edge. His mind fogged up from Steve’s strong masculine musk as well as his pathetic struggles and moans while his eyes remained glued to the man’s cheeks engulfing his length.
Tilting his head to the side, he tried to reason with the man pressing down on his body, his breath heavy and warm at his back.
He had honored his part. He had let Stark fuck him in exchange for his friends’ freedom. What more did he want from him? Once wasn’t enough? He clenched, feeling his body slowly giving in. He lowered his head deeper into the soft, plush fabric in humiliation.
Oh my god! Uploading this was super complicated, but I managed. Not thanks to my VPN! Still, I found a way and surprise you have the next chapter a bit earlier. Enjoy this installment, (feels a bit rapey, but since not much violence and steve has given his 'consent' along unwillingly, I marked it dubious) Might change later *beginning of forceful stuff happening, hope you enjoy this Tony embracing his dark Steve and poor Steve trying to deal with this
‘I’ll use you to my heart’s content, so, shut up now so I can fuck you properly,’ a twist of his hips hitting Steve’s sweet spot made the man whimper in defeat.
‘Clean it up,’ he said, presenting his cock, the gleaming head lingering above Steve’s puffed lower lip.  Steve’s gaze lowered and he sighed, hot puffs of air tickling Tony’s prick tauntingly.
Steve was silent, yet with every word he heard, his posture somehow slumped more and more.
‘There’s no one else here, Stark.’ He paused for a second, his gaze buried deep within Tony’s, his voice stone cold, enough to mask Steve’s apprehension.
‘Come on, it’s alright… Was it…nightmares again?’ questioned Steve’s long-lasting friend, concern written all over his face when both men stared at the overturned bed.
The only thing that felt real now was the unforgiving pace of Tony’s dick filling him up. His ass was dripping with their combined fluids, the noise made him blush even more and Tony’s warm breath against his back made the hair on his forearm raise upward.
‘G-good boy,’ Tony huskily applauded, earning him a soft moan from Steve’s lips at the praise. He gripped his prick harder, his fingers rubbing at his bludgeoning head, propping himself closer to Steve’s awaiting lips, all the while keeping a safe distance away.
Tony was roused from his thoughts by the calm voice of his fellow scientist friend, ‘Hey buddy, don’t worry about it…I’m sure Steve will come around…’
‘I mean I didn’t know which would say ‘thank you’ more: flowers or a fruit basket, so, you know me, couldn’t resist, I got you both…’
He couldn’t believe his eyes.
When the words left his mouth, it felt wrong saying them, but Tony brought this upon himself.  At least that’s what Steve needed to tell himself to reconcile with the fact that he had actually thought about killing the man.
Maria fondly smiled at the two bickering men. Perhaps there was hope for them yet.
Tony lost himself in the heat of the moment, Steve’s muscles pinning him, making his dick twitch. He was getting close, he could feel all his blood rushing down south, his heart thumping loudly, his shortness of breath.
Thanks to ashpotter for the edit''
And just like that, the bulkier man leaned down to give a chaste kiss on the corner of Tony’s thin lips, which resulted in him being pushed back forcefully.
Steve hummed silently, turning his back to Bucky in hopes of escaping the unwanted scrutiny, but the dark-haired man wasn’t fooled.
He never liked the cold.
Ohhhh! Will Steve have the last word, or does Tony plan on trolling Steve a little more? What about Bucky? Will he leave things be? Will Tony stay one move ahead of everyone else? Stay Tuned... The next chapter Phase 5 will look at a final confrontation between both men!
‘Urg…..c-can’t…ahhh!’ Steve’s pitiful pleas for help turned him on so much, it brought him close to the edge. He was frantic in his pace, his free hand pulled at Steve’s cheek. Tony grunted like an animal in rut.
Steve quickly obeyed, parting his legs to allow Tony better access to his thighs, his eyes vacant and grim. Steve could feel Tony’s wandering fingers parting his cheeks, those large thumbs digging into his skin, revealing his puckered hole. He heard the sharp intake of breath from Tony, he could feel the smooth slick of Tony’s prick sliding between his thighs. It sent shivers down his body; he had never felt so vulnerable in his life.
He closed his eyes in defeat.
‘Anthony Roberts and Steven Evans...’ Steve muttered as he opened the envelope to peer inside, fishing the two passports out, handing Tony his.
‘There's nothing you can do to stop me and the things I wanna do to you.... And believe me when I say this, there's so much to be done.'
Steve’s hold loosened with his next words, his brain supplying a frightening solution through his unwilling lips.
‘Ouch…S-low…down… ishh…y-your hand….b-burns…T-Tony…let…go,’ he pleaded, his bucking only encouraging Tony more, blinding him to Steve’s discomfort. Or simply ignoring him.
Have fun my lovelies!
Steve would deal with it, like he was used to…on his own.
‘Jesus, Tony…Let it go. People are counting on us to do this right…’ Steve protested, hoping that Tony would, for once, not make a mountain out of a molehill.
Tony fished out another burner phone from his pocket and threw it towards Steve's dark boots on the dusty floor.
Steve finally caught on to what was happening, thinking ‘Oh no…You gotta be kidding me…’ with his mouth gaping open like a fish. As for Tony, his sparling brown eyes simply grew wide in recognition, muttering a small, 'yes!'. It was worth it simply to witness the Captain's dumfounded look.
‘You…want this, Steve. You’ll crave this in the..e-end…This is only the beginning aha…y-yeah… so wet for me…’ Tony muttered softly, his palm dragging over the glistening head of Steve’s manhood while his hips fucked into Steve. Tony loved how Steve’s body relented to his. His hand could feel the veins popping out from the underside of Steve’s erection with every tweak of his wrist.
‘You can’t stand it, right? My fingers stretching you wide… How you open so good for me. You’re lucky I don’t want my dick chafed and I’m taking the time to prepare you, otherwise I’d have rammed it in already, fucking you into the wall until you begged me for forgiveness,’ Tony said, as he fingered the Captain with one hand while the other had searched for the back of his subordinate’s flushed neck, squeezing hard, leaving hand prints on the porcelain skin.
Among all the fruits and flowers, inside the overly decorated basket, the soldier caught sight of a little white piece of paper and a…. wait…
‘Nah, some of us just like to have fun, old man,’ Tony replied playfully.
Enjoy this new chapter guys, I try to keep the updates every two weeks to a month. Life stuff is happening, so in the meantime, enjoy tony been mean to steve!
‘I’d like to see you try, Cap,’ Tony ignored the empty threat and paused, ‘Besides, I won’t be responsible for what happens to that piece of shit over there if you do…you’ll be.…’
For now, he would play by Tony’s rules. At least until he found a way out of this, which didn’t sound that promising.
He tried to keep his bodily reactions in check, but his focus was crumbling miserably as he felt himself buck against the mattress for relief, since Tony’s hands were nowhere near his private parts.
‘God, will you shut the fuck up?!’ Tony’s large jagged palm shot to Steve’s windpipe.
‘…Fuck…Open your mouth,
‘Fuck, this shit all started when you met with Stark!’ Bucky’s worn out body was shaking now, his grip strengthening.
What frustrated Steve the most was the demented look that adorned Tony’s face while Steve's pain was unleashed. Tony smiled tooth and grin, not even fighting him off as if he knew the control he held over Steve.
‘I’ve never been accused of worrying too much before?’ Steve’s tone wearing a hint of gaiety to it, his blue eyes soft.
The bed creaked in synch with each of Tony’s thrusts. At this point, it was a miracle Bucky hadn’t woken up. Steve had to fight this, but his mind and body were at war with each other.
If a few years in the army doing missions taught him anything, it was to never dismiss your gut. And right now, it was screaming.
‘Give the man a chance, Steve. He might surprise you…’
‘What did the bed ever do to you?’ he shot, offhandedly, his tone disarming.
‘Next time, pick up the goddamn phone.’
This wouldn't do.
His cock pulsed one last time, until white spurts of cum were wrenched away from him, coating Steve’s golden locks, currently hiding his dazed face as well as his firm pecs.
‘How dare you! I fuckin’ hate you! You just grew under my skin like cancer and…fuck… I let myself…’ love you, was left unsaid. Tony couldn’t finish the sentence.
It was him being defiled by Stark the first time. It made him sick, the heavy pounding of his heart threatening to give out. He forgot to breathe for a short moment.
‘Like I have your thumb up my ass, what do you think?’ Steve snarled through clenched teeth, his body pushing against the intrusion.
Steve’s insults fell on deaf ears while Tony decided to occupy himself more by ravishing the planes of Steve’s shoulder blades with bruising kisses and grazing teeth.
‘Are you ready to make it up to me, soldier?’ antagonized Tony, the pad of his thumb pressing and searching at Steve’s bottom lip like a promise.
His hand ghosted over his fair skin as he slowly got up on wobbly legs. Super Soldier or not, the bruises were still fresh and quite apparent. Finger shaped wounds stuck to his skin.
‘Damn!’ Steve stumbled over his two feet trying to cover up the damning evidence of Tony’s actions and his own humiliation. He would deal with this on his own. There was no way he’d let anyone else deal with this.
Steve stared at the ceiling, gathering his thoughts and his wits. He had to show Tony that whatever he had done had not broken him. He glimpsed at his unresponsive flesh.
Steve’s fair skin contrasted so well against Tony’s darker hue. Their sweat mingled to make the sweetest of aromas. Steve felt small against Tony’s chest. Steve’s position laid him bare for Tony to witness, to take it all in.
‘No…sir,’ as Steve stood up and made a beeline for the door, storming out of the conference room.
‘How does it feel, hmmm?’
Steve slowly nodded in agreement, ‘Understood, so…who’s it going to be then?’
Steve stared blankly in front of him, the fight completely gone from him. Tony held all the cards.
With that, Steve hurriedly slammed the door on Bucky’s nose, leaving no room for argument, which infuriated the dark haired man even more.
It was evident from Steve's stance that he would fight back this time. Tony couldn't be prouder. It would make his victory so much more satisfying and Steve's life so much more arduous.
He hadn’t felt his blood run cold in so long. He wished the ground would swallow him whole.
Maria had expected some of the Avengers to be a bit suspicious as to why they had selected Captain America and Iron Man for the mission. For sure, there were better alternatives, but Nick Fury had been adamant about it.
His body now wore the marks of Tony’s indiscretions, a canvas to Stark’s perverse fantasies. Steve perused his bed to where the sheets were tangled and in disarray.
A wet tongue breached his lips, demanding submission as it explored the cavernous expanse of his warm cavity. Steve moaned when he felt Tony tug at his uniform, forcing him to be bare. He could feel and hear the rips of the blue fabric under the pull of Tony’s left hand while the other hand grabbed forcibly at his tousled hair, locking Steve in place, unable to escape.
Tony’s cock went deeper, pushing Steve’s shaky form further up to the headboard. So much so that Steve had to dig his fingers in the mattress for leverage to stop his head from bumping into it. The captain tried to keep his reactions under control.
The hoarse voice cut through the veil of silence. Steve’s body responding to the command, his face unreadable. He paced his steps, taking his time before crowding over Tony’s personal space.
The Winter Soldier’s hand clamped onto the other man’s shirt, twirling him around near the cheap wooden bathroom door, Steve’s large back forced into the weakened wall.
Maria snapped back, ‘Enough, Stark, we don’t have time for this,’ as Maria swiped again, this time revealing a detailed blueprint and pamphlet of the island. ‘This is it gentlemen, Dreamland Island Resort, take a look…’ motioning behind her, drawing attention to the task at hand.
He barely had time to register what happened next when he felt something bigger press at his aching hole. His eyes grew tenfold, his mouth already pleading with Tony to reconsider, only to have Tony’s spit land perfectly on his flesh before Tony forced his way in.
Phase 5
However, at the recesses of his mind, he could feel something tug at him, telling him he wasn’t sure how long this feeling would last.
There was a hitch to Steve’s breath, knocking the wind out of his lungs for a second.
Bucky felt the breath leave his chest as he tried to calm his rapidly increasing adrenaline pulsing through his veins.
Banner circled his arm around Tony’s lean, yet strong shoulders. He had noticed something of a spark between Steve and Tony. At least from Tony’s end, what with all the shameless flirting and riling him up and whatnot.
In his haste, Tony forgot about the hand grasping Steve’s throat and in frustration kept clenching, cutting off any air from reaching Steve’s brain. Steve started to feel faint, his erection starting to wane. He bucked his hips in an effort to push Tony off, but all it did was make Tony more eager to reach nirvana.
It had been so long since anyone had touched him intimately. Steve didn’t have any illusions for what this was. He knew Tony held no love for him at this moment, but for a split second, he could lose himself in the thought that this intimacy between them could have been something else. It was easily crushed by the phantom of Tony’s hardened features, conjured by his own guilt.
The billionaire had to distance himself from Steve as he felt his heart thud sporadically. Why couldn’t he keep his mouth shut? And judging by the balled fist at his sides, he would keep antagonizing the Captain even further.
Suddenly he felt cold. His blood turning to ice. He started shaking, both of his arms snaking around himself in an effort to keep the heat in, but slowly losing the battle to the impending fear that stalked him.
He took a deep breath, remembering Steve’s appearance this morning.
‘Urg...! To-ny….uh! Fu-…’ A sweet pang of pain shot through him from the new angle.
‘I see your mouth complaining, Rogers, but look at you. You like this? The…pain? The…hurt?’ asked Tony, accentuating every word rhythmically with his digits as they were buried deep in Cap’s burgeoning orifice.
It was moments like these that reminded him of their harmless banter before everything happened.
Considering the state of his white undergarments and the wet patch that darkened its fabric, his mind reeled as to why he had let himself be overwhelmed by Stark’s sickening touches. He had come, let his senses overtake him. He groaned in pain, his teeth clenched. Tony had gone too far, yet Steve was too shell shocked to properly respond.
This had to stop. His body was at the threshold of what it could handle. He wasn’t used to being touched after all. It had been so long, and Stark took advantage of that…his vulnerability.
Tears welled in Steve's blue orbs, his blood was pumping fast, fueled by anger as it pulsed through his veins, tickling his senses. Steve never wanted any of this.
7h59 a.m. Leave it to Tony Stark to show up literally just on time.  He couldn’t have spared another minute.
‘You know what? I’m sick of your Captain American hero attitude bullshit. I’ve had enough of this.’
Had Tony….? He shuddered, knowing exactly what it was that tickled his entrance. Tony’s thumb had made quick work of him as it was already pushing past his rim. This wasn’t pleasant at all.
Hope you enjoyed it! Next chapter will see Tony finally getting what he always wanted, but with horrible consequences... Let's see if STeve is a forgiving soul. Comments keep me happy and writing!
Tony’s emotions flew through his actions. He angled his thrusts deeper, ensuring the most pleasure for him and most pain for his victim. Tony wore his grief on his sleeve, it ate him up inside. The alcohol coursed through his veins making him bold. The power he currently held was exhilarating.
Steve didn’t know why, but as much as Tony had the moxie to be Iron Man, Steve just couldn’t deal with Stark’s whimsical demeanor. This man was a child. How could he be trusted to co-lead a team?
Even if he hadn't wanted to, he had become intimately acquainted with it.
He gave his acquiescence silently, his tongue darting forward to curl around the flesh in front of him, lapping to its sides. Tony flinched a little when the warm appendage licked at his cock, effectively cleaning the remnants of his cum and Steve’s slick.
Tony looked smug, but Steve knew Maria was right. He’d never known anyone as smart as him.
‘You do realize that we have a mission to do, right? There won’t be time to do anything else, so get your facts straight. Besides, I have everything I need. It’s not like I brought my whole wardrobe, unlike someone,’ as he pointed at Tony’s massive suitcase.
(See the end of the chapter for
Both of Steve’s large hands were pushed forward against the wall, the small of his back arched, leaving his ass visible for Tony to ogle. Steve’s sight locked onto the wallpaper, hoping to lose himself in its intricate designs while his feet were firmly planted on the ground.
Tony Stark leisurely strolled down the hall of the Avengers Tower, warm coffee a-grip and whistling a happy tune.
Again Thank you to my wonderful editor AshPotter who makes sure this is readable!
Now onto Tony's part. Things will only get worse... Please thanks for the comments, ideas and your kudos. I totally am overwhelmed by the love!
Steve’s knees buckled under the heavy weight of Tony’s harsh words, leaving his body a shaking mess on the floor. He was powerless.
Steve was a brilliant man on the field, however he was utterly clueless off of it.
‘Stop
Thank you for being patient! Here is the next short chapter. Thanks for my boyfriend for the edit. Hope you like it.
’, he thought, tossing the sweat drenched sheets off of him onto the cold wooden floor, ‘
It didn’t take long for Tony to leave the room, closing the door behind him, preparing himself for what was to come.
It infuriated him.
He tweaked the handle of the shower, allowing the water to flow freely inside the old, discolored tub. As the blonde man was about to enter the tub, his step faltered.
On that note, for those who stayed enjoy this chapter. the other might take longer to right, but I might be convinced otherwise ahaha
to come back here…Urgh- Get off
‘Shit, you’re so tight,’ Tony grunted, then went on with his taunt. ‘Nothing too smart to say, Rogers?’
‘I knew you didn’t have it in you…’ Tony said in admonishment.
Another more predominant silhouette joined her side. Nick Fury stared into the horizon, hands firmly clasped behind his back, ’If this doesn’t make them sort their shit out, nothing will.’
‘T-To- ny… Ah! S-slow down, it hurts…urg,’ huffed and panted Steve, his mouth ajar, his eyes wet.
There was no illusion. Tony made sure he had dug his proverbial claws deeply into Steve and Steve had no one else to run to.
‘Here,’ Maria interjected in their playful quarreling, handing a large brown envelope to Steve. ‘These are your fake identities and documents. Since none of you are quite adept at undercover missions, we made sure to make them as close as to your actual names as possible to avoid unnecessary detection…’
Luckily for Steve, he didn’t wait long for Tony to get on with the program.
A loud clap brought the Captain’s eyes back to Tony’s, out of his reverie. Tony clasped his hands in front of himself and judging by the forming bulge he sported down his trousers, Steve had an inkling of what was going to happen.
Steve panicked, then bared his teeth at Bucky like a wild cornered animal as he scrambled for any type of leverage in an attempt to mitigate Bucky’s enraged mood.
drawled Steve, in a clipped tone.
TBC...
,’ the last bit rang venomously in Steve’s ears.
(See the end of the chapter for
'Fucking hell, Rogers. You’ll pay for that,’ Tony mumbled under his breath as blood dribbled down his chin, coating his goatee.
As he cleansed himself, his palms roaming all over his body, Steve recalled the harshness of Stark’s prying fingers at his hips, the other man’s girth burrowing itself deep within him, plowing him and finally, the searing pain the man’s teeth had caused him when they pierced his sensitive flesh, suckling purplish bruises.
‘Not that it makes any fucking difference to me. I’m not one to shy away from an audience…Imagine his face if he saw me balls deep in you… fuck, still so tight.’ His dick gave an appreciative twitch that made the soldier grunt.
‘Hmmm, you aren’t a very good boy, Rogers. I think I might have to punish you!’ Steve gasped, a sudden flash of red painting his exposed chest and nipples.
‘T-Tony...wait-’ pleaded Steve, his words muffled by those warm lips devouring him. The soldier needed space; he needed to calm down. Tony didn’t stop, but increased the pace and ferocity of his bites, leaving streaks of red bruises along Steve’s large flustered neck.
, Steve thought to himself, feeling the uneasiness about the mission build within him.
Bucky took a step to crowd into Steve’s space only to be met with a vicious glare.
‘And as for Steve, his tactical prowess, quick thinking, and his enhanced abilities will come in handy if things go awry. You’ll need to work together for this to work. Steve will be your back-up since you won’t be able to have your Iron Man armor with you.’
(See the end of the chapter for
‘What? Don’t think you’re up for the challenge?’ Tony said with a little nudge from his elbow.
The Super Soldier wondered who’d have the qualifications for the job. Hulk would be a flight risk. As for himself, he was obviously out. Steve couldn’t lie to save his life.
It stung, a whimper was coaxed involuntarily from his lips as Tony’s head pulled back lightly, only to slide back in, enjoying the resistance. Even with the lube, Steve’s unprepared entrance had trouble accommodating him. Tony reveled in Steve’s contorted face, currently imprinted in the pillow.
Thank you for my awesome man once again for editing so quickly.
Natasha turned slightly to face the oncoming figures she felt at their backs, while Steve kept his sights on the dawn rising behind the vast view of the city of New York.
‘Are you shitting me?’ Those large hands straightened, tense at the blond man’s side. ‘What the fuck is wrong with you, Tony?’
he thought…
Steve shook his head in disgust, offended that Tony assumed he liked to be hurt. The stimuli were too much, especially to someone without any experience. He growled as he braced himself on the wall, the pads of his fingers pressing at the foundations of the building.
Faint foot steps mingled with the murmurs of the wind from far away, slowly approaching.
Maria stood by herself in silence, having watched the previous events unfold, as the two men boarded the helicopter and softly mumbled to herself, ‘We’re doomed…’
***********************
‘You should know by now, Rogers. I'm very… resourceful…’ he mumbled, his thrusts shallow, his mouth biting into the meat of Steve’s shoulder, drawing a sharp breath from the blonde.
Tony didn’t expect an answer; he knew he had won.
‘You know, I used to think about us sometimes, too. When I allowed myself to hope your hatred towards me was just a phase. We worked well enough in the field. We could have had this if we both would have been honest from the start. I get I did you wrong, Tony, but what you’ve done today… I don't think there's much to salvage anymore and I can’t believe I ever thought this could have worked.’ Steve turned to walk away, his strut powerful even though he sported a small limp.
Tony leaned in, the sound of the chopper getting louder and louder as they drew nearer, ‘Just so you know, I have a reputation that precedes me and I can’t have you ruining that, undercover mission or not.  Anthony Roberts, Tony Stark, doesn’t matter…so get changed when we get there and try not to cramp my style, yeah?”
The resort looked really expensive with its vast pools and large palm tree areas. It looked like the perfect hideout, but for what?
,’ responded a stoic Steven. He lowered his head, his boots suddenly the most interesting thing in this room.
Natasha Romanov.
He grew apprehensive, sending his senses into overdrive.
Tears streamed down Steve’s panic stricken face, his breath coming in short bouts. No coherent words could pass Steve’s lips.
‘You know what?’ Steve gritted through his teeth, his anger flaring up at Stark’s quip.
That's it for Tony's part... Hope you enjoyed this last chapter. Your comments, love and kudos helps with writing and inspiration. I welcome ideas for what Tony could do to Steve. I might put it in there! Who knows, so much potential. Part will be up in a few weeks following up Tony and Steve's last encounter. Tony might be obsessed enough to find his way into Steve's pants one more time. Ahahah! Thanks so much for the love! Subscribe to get updates on the new fictions!! Love ya all! *****UPDATE!!! NEW FOLLOWING UP STORY IS UP, What is in store for little Stevie next time!***
‘Fuck, stop clenching…r-relax,’ Tony groaned as he tried to push past the ring of muscle he had loosened before, but he knew it was Steve’s way of telling him no. It only built his resolve more. Steve growled, his chest reverberating with anger.
With resolve in hand, Steve exhaled through his parted lips as he quietly did an about face towards the veiled figure sitting on the couch.
This shouldn’t be rushed. It hadn’t been long since the last time the billionaire had penetrated him, so he was surprised by the tightness. This was even better, and Tony had to admit that seeing Steve’s twisted, pained features were an added bonus.
Tony began to reply, wanting to say something about an image he had to uphold and how he wouldn’t be forced into an assumed lifestyle beneath him…but then he bit his tongue.
It hadn’t rained much lately, but there was a stagnant fog in the air tonight as the Super Soldier cut through it effortlessly.
‘Every time you got in my face after a fight. Told me I wasn’t good enough, couldn’t follow your command, my mind wandered to this. Me fucking you, anywhere really,…fuck…better than I’d imagined.’
Tony would have the Soldier grovel at his feet and understand his place if he knew what was good for him.
Tony prompted himself onto his knees above that heaving chest, leaving Steve’s hole gaping and twitching. Tony wanted to mark him as his own and he would do so. Steve would feel him forever. He would leave a mark so deep on his soul, it would stay like a stain. Like the one that matched Stark’s own.
Seeing Steve’s painful gasps of air and his pained features, Tony picked up the pace as he took his pleasure from Steve’s submissive body while his nails marred the sensitive flesh of Steve’s hips. The mattress creaked as the legs of the bed shook lightly with every thrust.
Stark’s attempt at destabilizing him wouldn’t work.
‘We’re over. Goodbye, Stark,’ replied Steve as he made it past the automated door, never daring to look at Tony again. As he marched on, a single tear fell down his cheek, warmly caressing the curvature of his jaw. The hurt he felt travel his body was more than any injuries he received at the hand of Stark.
That didn’t stop Tony from aggressively sliding forward, saliva affording him a little comfort.
…Come…on…I’m gonna…fuck…cum…’ hurriedly gasped Tony, running out of breath.
The blissful visions before him encouraged Tony to share his dark urges while he burrowed his dick in Steve’s tight hole.
‘I'm everywhere… You can't escape this. You can't escape me.’
However, what came next halted him, staving off his load from filling Steve.
Steve’s large dick stirred in those callused fingers, the friction difficult to withstand. Those dextrous fingers stroking at his sensitive length alongside the languid shoves of Tony’s dick were pleasant. He couldn’t help each moan that made it past his saliva coated lips.
Tony enjoyed antagonizing his friends by arriving late for meetings. He enjoyed their facial expressions, ranging from exasperation, amusement or simply downright furious.
Hello, thanks so much for the support whether if you liked it or didn't. Your comments and feedback is appreciated. This fandom is way kinder than others. Thanks to my best partner AshPotter for editing my work.
Steve stayed silent, focused on the pain flaring inside his body.
‘Oh! Hmmm….Ah…G-God…T-To…ny!’ Steve’s eyes shot open, a white flash blurring his vision. He was leaking all over the sheets. He could feel the wet patches.
Luckily, he hadn’t heard from Stark since then and he’d worked hard to keep it that way, regardless of what Tony’s letter had stated. He wouldn’t allow the other man to fuck with him any longer.
He growled, ashamed of himself for even thinking about that. Stark had violated him. Twice. Without any hint of remorse. Something had gotten loose and there was no way he could let the man win. Bucky counted on him to be strong, so did his friends. He was Captain freaking America, he could take a beating.
Stark's cologne prickling at his nose was enough to give away the man's identity.
It made things so much simpler to believe it could have worked between them…He could believe…. Steve could at least…
‘But...hummm, if you're asking if I’m a virgin...then, I’m not. I-I laid with a few dames back in the day and had a couple of...uh...handjobs with some fellas in my time. After the serum, of course, I wasn’t much to look at before anyways...’
Steve hesitated, his fist shaking in the air.
Steve stilled in front of the door, the coldness of the air reddening his cheeks, making him shiver.
‘This isn’t a vacation people; you need to get your shit together.’ Nick Fury retorted. ‘You,’ he said looking at Steve with his good eye, ‘I expected better of you. You’re the damn Captain of this team, and I expect you to know better and to do what you’re told. I don’t give a shit about what you motherfuckers want. There’s a reason why you’re both on this mission and you’ve gotta trust me to know what I’m doing. You do the mission, get the intel and get the fuck out. Are we gonna have a problem here, Captain?’
The soldier’s dark jeans and hoodie hugged his fit body perfectly, just barely damp from the lingering precipitation in the air. His broad shoulders lurched forward, his cap casting a shadow over his red rimmed eyes, as he ambled in the direction of the dimly lit motel.
The fair skinned man couldn’t believe his ears. He had agreed to any perverted acts he might have to do, but this was beyond punishment; this was pure humiliation.
‘Shut it, Stark,’ fell from Steve’s lips as he started to gesture towards his abuser. ‘You had your chance and you took it. We had a deal, I did everything you asked, now let them go…Or are you not a man of your word, Tony?’ Steve’s ice blue eyes now ablaze, his resolve unwavering as his tone changed ever so slightly for his last words.
His senses might have been dulled a little since his reunion with Steve, however, his nostrils had picked up a familiar scent. One that could only be from Tony Stark.
The tiny strands of loose hair at the back of his neck were standing up in alert as he stepped foot in the dark lit room with a cautious step.
‘You should be ashamed of yourself. I hope whatever comes from this was worth the consequences. I can't...This won’t happen again.’ Steve looked up, unafraid of leaving his back turned to his enemy. Tony was slighted, Steve might have been a liar, but he knew Stark would at least keep his word.
He strolled to the door, silently hoping to see Bucky to calm his nerves.
The pace at which this was going made his heart race into unfamiliar territory. That last pleas simply motivated the dark haired man more; those words making his dick fill with warm blood. It seemed Captain America was starting to understand who held his hypothetical leash. He continued to steal every little sound and murmur from Steve’s sinful orifice.
Bruce Banner shook his head in disbelief, ‘People can actually afford this place?’ scoffing at the price of the resort.
‘You can’t outrun this and if you don’t want others to pay for your stupid mistakes, you’ll do what the fuck I want. I tell you to jump, you ask how high. I call…You fucking answer that phone like your life depends on it.’
He was punched into submission for his trouble. The super soldier’s vision was blurred, his temple might have been hit, impairing his sight for a short moment. He pushed himself back up, only to be reprimanded again, with a pointed, ‘Stay down.’
‘Don’t you dare go away… you take this! Take what I fucking give you!!!’ Steve’s right leg was flipped over Tony’s muscular shoulder, exposing him further. He angled himself once more at Steve’s wet opening and slid in, the new position affording him a better view of his slick prick going in and out of Steve’s tight hole.
Steve’s body rocked forward, his hands grasping the sheets tightly, twisting them within his grasp. His cries concealed by the softness of the pillow slowly smothering him. He prayed to God his pleas remained unheard from Bucky. The last thing he wanted was for his friend to witness his distress…. his shame.
'Woahh there! That's not very nice. Look, you even made me come here and find you myself,' Tony argued nonchalantly, his tone light while his eyes portrayed anything but, furious that Steve had disobeyed his orders.
‘What’s wrong with my bag? And what happened to your hair?’ Steve probed, defensive at first, but then noticing that the billionaire playboy had done…. something…to his hair.
When he finished, he couldn’t help the rush of adrenaline that coursed through him, the note pulverized in his unmovable grip, thrown hastily into the bin.
Sorry for being so late, I was very sick and had a hard time making the time. Also, writer's block! But hey, here's another chapter to quench your thirst!
Firstly, I want to say thank you for your kind words. Lately, I had been left with not much desire to write and felt like the quality was inadequate. I might have also written that chapter, like twice. I was really insecure as of late, but your kindness motivated me to write more and continue.
Steve’s jaw nearly hit the floor.  Here came Tony Stark in all his beach bum, retiree, mid life crisis glory.
Steve wasn’t surprised that Bucky left, he figured it fell in line with the rest of the friendships he had had, letting someone get closer to him and then pushing them away with his pompous attitude.
‘Sure, Steve. Go on...Do it.’ Tony spit the warm blood that coated his teeth onto Steve’s face, hitting the side of his cheek.
The wall was crushed under his palms, his knees weak and shaky. He could feel Tony’s flesh throbbing under the assault of his tense muscles. He could taste copper filling his mouth under the sharp bite of his teeth. He’d cut his lip when Tony had pushed past his defenses and settled inside him.
‘Arggh…’ roared Steve, his mouth’s pleas muted by the pillow. ‘T-Tony, enough… please.’
Steve wondered, rage slowly building within his core. He fervently shifted his hips, hoping to dislodge Tony’s attempts at penetrating him further without preparation.
his voice laced with poison as Rogers filled with dread.
Maria nodded in acknowledgment, divulging some details of the mission at hand, ‘That’s correct. Two of you will be going undercover to figure out what happened and if need be, intercept and stop them. It’s imperative that you go unnoticed and stay out of the spotlight,’ Maria cut the silence as her eyes locked onto Tony’s unimpressed stare.
Steve groaned, a headache forming.
Ever.
‘T-taking you down a peg or two… I've had many… p-pleasurable nights thinking about you submitting to me…fuck…you keep swallowing me up…such a damn whore, Rogers…’ Dark, coarse hair flew as Tony’s head went back, his eyes rolling to the back of his head in ecstasy.
Bucky wasn’t blind, not even close. So now that his friend was cooling off in the shower, he approached the mess that had been Steve’s bed.
The letter read in bold letters:
Steve waited patiently at the helipad of the Avengers Tower, the cool breeze of the morning air lightly grazing the side of his cheek. All he had was a small, tightly packed bag that laid at his feet.
The door closed behind him in a deafening thud.
Steve’s rim was puffed and red from the abuse, while his dick bobbed up and down the flat of his stomach, leaking precum. He simply laid there, taking all Tony had to offer. He was…weak. He had hurt Tony and no matter what he did, it wouldn’t bring
Steve promptly turned on his heel, the phone joining the crumbled paper note at the bottom of the bin before he shut the door behind him with a loud thud.
‘Tony, please. C-calm down…I’ll…’ it was hard to push the words out of his mouth.
Was that a cellphone?
'Whatever you're looking for here, you won't get it anymore, so leave,' Steve stated, his voice clipped while his tone was threatening.
Pain.
‘Make sure not to miss this time…’ His voice said with the faintest quiver.
In a trance, Bucky trailed a solitary finger over the soiled sheets softly until he reached a dark spot. It was very faint, but it was still present. He’d recognize that lingering smell anywhere.
‘You look pretty with my cum all over you, Rogers…’ He squeezed harder, his forefingers grinding against bones. Steve’s brows furrowed in confusion. He didn’t know what Stark expected from him. It was done. Over.
‘Stay out of it.’
A soft female voice pierced the shadows, ‘You sure about this, sir? This could blow up in our faces,’ Maria Hill said, taking a step forward out of the shadows.
He thought as he finally noticed he stood alone in the middle of the room. Bruce, Clint and Thor had gone from the premises.
‘You will call me Sir, soldier.’ Steve’s ocean blue eyes grew twice in size at that, ‘Shouldn’t be too hard for you considering you love to roll over for your superiors.’
Steve said through gritted teeth, feeling Stark’s dick probing for further exploration.
Steve cycled through his old worn out clothes and put them on until a knock on the door reeled him in.
'I-I never wan...I had no choice! You fucking coerced me, Tony.’
‘Last thing before we start,’ as Tony appeared to consider his next move. His voice dropped an octave, his expression abruptly switching to something akin to sympathy.
He let his body take this burden and closed his eyes wishing for this to be over. Mixed with the pain, he felt a fleeting moment of pleasure in the corners of his belly. Steve hated himself for it.
Tony’s nostrils flared as they took in Steve’s natural musk. He made sure to take in all he could for the future, committing this to memory. His nose brushed Steve with feathery light touches all over the length of his exposed neck, sharp teeth indenting those quaking, broad shoulders.
Steve’s blue eyes locked onto Tony’s, ‘Why do you always have to make an entrance? Can you be on time for anything?’
Streaks of light blond in Tony’s hair were reflected by the rays of sunlight.  He looked like a member of a 90’s boy band. The captain wasn’t exactly sure how to feel about it.
‘A..Ai…r. T-Tony, I can’t…b-breathe…’ His blue eyes floated on salty tears before they rolled down his cheek up to Tony’s hand. Tony barely acknowledged it with a glance, devoid of feelings. It terrified Steve to find nothing there. All the light had been snuffed out, leaving darkness in its wake. For a second, Steve thought this was it.
Grabbing at the collar of Tony's shirt once again, he lifted Stark in the air effortlessly and pushed Tony's temporarily paralyzed form against the cheap wallpapered wall, causing it to buckle under the pressure. Tony's feet hung hopelessly and scuffed the wall in their attempts to find leverage.
‘Take off my jacket, slowly and be careful, that suit is worth more than you are,’ Tony taunted as Steve’s long fingers grazed the lapel of his jacket, tracing downward hesitantly, popping the first button out of its hole. Steve’s hands were shaking, causing him to fumble with the next buttons until he finally undid the last one; exposing the arc reactor as well as Tony’s lean stomach under his silk shirt.
Natasha picked up on Agent Hill’s silence, ‘Not everyone’s going on this mission…’
Steve was startled and let loose a whelp that he wished never made it past his lips. It happened so fast, he almost lost his balance while one of his hands left the hard concrete to cover his mouth. With only one hand holding up their combined weight, coupled with his shocked response, he stumbled forward, losing his grip. He couldn’t help himself as his head leaned back to steal a glance at Tony’s lustful features.
Once more, the feeling of loneliness clawed at him. He wasn’t sure if Bucky would come back. He had pushed him away in haste. Letting raw emotions get the best of him.
Shivers traveled through his body as the sensations it brought back were none too pleasant as it reminded him of Tony Stark’s searching fingers, digging at his flesh.
Luckily, none got in his eyes as they were closed, his eyelashes taking the brunt of it. Steve slightly tilted his head to the side after some cum dripped down into his mouth.
Steve sighed and carefully chose his words without sounding like an ungrateful bastard.
‘I do. I-It’s just-- Tony, I can’t do...
He noticed similar signs the first time Steve had gone back home after his meeting with Stark.
‘Say hello for me!’ Tony barked as he chuckled, enjoying the flicker of anger passing through Steve’s eyes, hoping for a reaction.
Whatever power Tony thought he held over the Captain, he felt it evaporate slowly as he looked up at the silhouette towering over him. His nose twitched at the rich, manly, earthy scent that reached his nostrils. To anyone else, this man would look intimidating; but not to Tony Stark. He was Iron Man and right now, he knew Steve would play house.
A strangled laugh pushed past his throat.
Tony, focused for once, looked a bit confused.
A large figure slowly stepped forward from the darkness; had this person been here the whole time?
They stood with their backs to each other. The tension in the room could be cut with a knife as emotions ran high.
‘We're done here. No more games,’ Steve’s cutting tone left no room for argument.
However, the burning tension clustered at Steve’s hunched shoulders was telling. Bucky easily picked it up and tried to approach the issue another way. Steve was clearly avoiding him, ignoring his attempt at humor. The super soldier’s tone was definitely unpleasant.
Wide blue eyes quickly followed Tony’s line of sight where Bucky was sleeping, noting the threat. Steve knit his brows in anger, his jaw clenched tight as he twisted to get a good look at his assailant’s face. A low growl escaped Steve’s throat.
‘D-Don’t..fuck-ing…tell me what to do!’ Stark shouted, his voice hoarse from the hand clenched around his throat, slowing cutting off his air supply.
‘Ugh… Stop,…Gimme a min- Damn,… I…I'm warning you, Stark. Get off,
Of course, Steve would at least use his words to keep some semblance of strength. A barrier to prove to Tony that this wouldn’t hurt him as much.
Anger flared inside Steve’s body, his patience wearing thin.
Utterly powerless.
‘Are you deaf? What part of this is a fancy ass resort; this shit won’t fly where we’re going by aren’t you getting, Rogers?’ Tony snapped at Steve, not comprehending where the disconnect was with his explanation. ‘This ain’t a retirement home party, Cap. You’d get us noticed within seconds of reaching that island.’
Tony cut Steve off mid-sentence, ‘Come on, Capsicle, why the long face? I’m a joy to be around,’ Tony ended with a wink.
Tony pierced his abused hole with precision, making sure he was seated deeply within Steve. A high-pitched shriek resonated in the room, bleeding through Tony’s ears.
Thanks for the kudos and the love this series have gathered. Comments or any type of feedback is appreciated wholeheartedly, as long as it is constructive. If you have ideas of suggestions as to what Tony could eventually do to poor Steve, then feel free to do so. I am receptive! Always a shout-out to my wonderful boyfriend for editing my stuff.
‘You left us to die and for what?’ The buck of Tony’s hips against Steve’s hole was brutal and erratic.
I hope you have a better understanding of Tony's reasoning for his treatment of Steve. Hopefully I have portrayed them well according to this situation. It took a long time, struggling to get the right emotion, but I think it came up nice. So, enjoy this last piece.
Tony allowed himself to shut his eyes, basking in these newly felt sensations. Tony had experience with men and women alike, but no ass had felt this divine. He had to stop himself before he’d find himself cumming already. His dick quivered, waiting for what was to be his. Steve’s body acquiesced to his length.
‘Back off Buck, I’m warning you…’
He landed on his back, the back of his head slamming into the dark wooden floor. He found himself straddled by Tony while he kept punching his face in like he was on a mission. The only words passing his ears were Tony’s verbal abuses and accusations. Steve tried to shield his face, but he was too exhausted, unwillingly granting access for Tony’s anger to flourish.
‘So, this is how it’s gonna work big guy,’ Steve braced himself, listening carefully to Tony’s dark timber of a voice, echoing in the desolated room. Tony continued on, ‘You do what I tell you, exactly as I tell you without putting up much of a fuss. After all, I really can’t expect you to not fight me a little, right?’
Hot air puffed out of Captain America’s lips, a faint smile painting his face.
Steve’s mind was clouded by a veil of uncertainty, thinking of reasons as to why Bucky couldn’t see that he was trying to protect him.
'You have some nerve showing yourself again, Stark,' growled Steve as he looked over his shoulder.
‘T-Ton..yy. Urg, stop this... get…off…’
No. No one deserved such animosity. Steve had to trust in that. Otherwise, it would make him --.
‘Not even close.’
‘I hate you,’ was said repeatedly like a mantra.  Each time, it broke Steve’s heart a little bit more. Holding his weight with only one hand on the bar, Steve let his arm fall to reach for Tony’s chest, only to be reprimanded with a tightened grip on his wrist. Tony might not have realized his confession, but the glare Steve received froze him at his core, like he had been frozen once again in the ice.
Here is the next chapter for this installments. Hope you enjoy the small steps taken by Tony towards the darkness.
Tony’s smile grew impossibly bigger at the challenge. His brown eyes plummeted a shade darker, a tint of red inside. His composure had left the building and only his rage fueled desires were left to take the reigns. He would show Rogers the pain he had endured at his hands while all he had sought after had been someone to believe in him as much as he did.
Steve spit the crimson liquid from his mouth before stammering a weak prayer, ‘T-Tony…st-stop…I’m I-I am…so sorry, d-don’t do this,
After taking the time to mark Cap’s upper body with rigorous bites and sharp kisses, it didn’t take long for Tony’s gaze to set on his long-awaited prize.
‘More threats?… H-haven't you done enough al…ready?’ Steve asked, his pupils burning holes through Tony’s skull from the side.
‘Well, I’m done playing,’ Steve muttered seriously. His tone leaving no room for an argument.
Steve and Tony pack up and get ready for their mission, unware of Fury's true intentions behind their pairing up. Someone talks some sense into Steve and Stark can't help being all over the place. Obviously, they can't keep their mouth from insulting each other whenever they can. Or perhaps they are just flirting with each other...
He wouldn't let Stark get under his skin anymore. He was done playing his games.
What he saw made his stomach turn and his hand pound.
‘Ahhhh..’  Steve’s raspy voice replied, his throat dry. He felt himself starting to fill, all his blood rushing down south.
‘Oh! What do you know?’ Tony corked an eyebrow, his twisted smile impossibly cocky. ‘You like this, Rogers…You like me fucking you hard?’
‘Tony, please… listen to me…You're getting….hmm… out of control…aahh..ah… This…This isn't y-you…urg!’ Steve angled his forearm hoping to give himself leverage, but all it did was angle Tony’s thrusts directly on the sensitive bundle of nerves inside him, weakening his resolve, lost to the haze of pleasure.
‘I have my ways,’ Tony answered breathlessly, his hand now at Steve’s chiseled jaw, his thumb trailing on Steve’s Adam’s apple seductively.
He turned his back to lock the door behind him only to feel a silhouette shift in the shadows. It wasn't faint in the slightest.
‘That’s right, man! Cap can be a bit stiff about these things, but I’m sure he’ll figure things out. Deep down, he knows there’s no one he’d rather work with,’ cheered Clint, poking at Tony childishly.
‘ Wh-whatt  ahhh!’ Steve had to really tune in to pick up the broken sound of Tony’s whisper over the harsh sounds of their coupling.
And, Steve, well…
For a brief moment, it looked as if Tony contemplated something. He must have found it, because his wicked grin grew larger and his eyes twinkled in delight towards his prey.
The man had gone too far.
‘What was the point of these?’ he wondered out loud, his quivering tone low.
Tony's descent into madness. An introspection on what is going through his mind, how's he is pushing everyone away from him, causing Iron man's eventual demise. Starter point for the next fiction I'm currently finishing (part 2 of the dark Stark Chronicles)
'Tony, how-' Steve asked. The hand offered little to no space for him to talk, but it was enough for Tony to hear him.
For a second, Tony Stark couldn’t believe his luck. Captain America, willing to comply to his every desire. Well, the word willing was probably debatable if you asked Steve.
Tony finally gets to have his piece of cake while Steve tries hard to keep up with Tony's antics. Poor Steve, sexy time ensues!
The proximity between him and Bucky made him squeamish. The Captain felt dirty as if Tony had wormed himself in and laid his disgusting larva inside him, corrupting him. He didn’t want to show this weakness. He needed to get out, process everything. Bucky’s presence only amplified the panic he felt crawling in his bones tenfold, ready to burst out dangerously.
Tears streamed freely down Steve’s face when suddenly, his body was flipped over, breaking the trance.  Tony was now staring deeply into the eyes of the object of his most recent carnal obsession.
Steve was taken aback, his pupils wide, the shock apparent on his face.
Tony scooped the recently discarded phone off of the ground and hastily tossed it back into Steve’s clammy palms.
‘No, god no…I-Just…I don’t-’ he sputtered out, in an undignified manner. His body was shaking violently, sweat gleaming in the faint rays of Tony’s reactor.
Tony pushed into him, their bodies melding together, the dark-haired man’s hold unwavering. The pressure at Steve’s neck increased, razor-sharp nails now burrowing into his bleeding skin.
Steve thrashed his head to the side, forcing Tony to readjust his grip. The nerve of this man. Steve was livid.
‘Sorry Cap, you know how it is… Things to see, people to do.’
The contour of his eyes was marked by the unforgiving hand of restlessness, Steve’s muscles screamed at him as he attempted to prop himself up onto his elbows.
To be honest, being Captain America never really gave him the opportunity for time off. In retrospect, Tony had been right, he was a bit uptight. Tony’s lavish life style would at least come in handy, not that Steve felt comfortable in such a way of life anyway. Some people were simply born with a silver spoon in their mouth.
Tony didn’t waste time when his tongue licked his way up the base of Steve’s flushed neck, leaving a trail of warm saliva in its wake as it sent pleasurable shivers through that firm body below him.
Steve choked on a lump in his throat as he took the bottle marked ‘Shower Gel’ and squeezed it harder than necessary until it poured out its contents in the center of his palm.
Tony hooked his hand into the hem of Steve’s pants before roughly pulling them down, forcing Steve out of them. The remainder of Steve’s dignity laid in a heap on the floor, discarded.
‘Yes…fuck…I’ll fill you up so…gooodd, you fucking tease,’ Tony murmured, close to the edge.
That agitated the soldier more than he wanted to. Leaping forward, he closed the gap between the two grown men, his hand grasping at Tony's black shirt, bringing him closer. The billionaire genuinely looked startled for a brief moment by Steve's confrontational nature.
Steve winced, the soreness he felt brought the events of last night to the forefront. Tony’s sudden appearance in his room had not been a dream. He cursed under his breath. The wretched, pungent smell of last night’s nefarious events lingered on Steve’s skin like a bad after taste, something that made him want to gag.
‘Uh, isn’t it obvious? She wants the best,’ Tony proclaimed, invading Steve’s personal space just to spite him. The genius was literally in Steve’s face, sharing the same space. Steve frowned.
Tony had had enough of hearing the traitor’s voice fill his ears with lies once again. It was time to show the Captain the world of hurt he had promised. He removed his fingers haphazardly, leaving Steve’s gaping hole slightly open. Steve’s chest heaved in surprise, his body feeling empty.
‘Why do I feel there’s a but coming…’ Natasha asked. Maria’s eyes fluttered close and forced a light smile, gripping her pad firmly in her grasp. This was the part she dreaded.
Without the use of his limbs, Steve was useless. If he used his strength, Bucky would hear for sure. It was getting harder and harder to fight his body’s impulses.
Hey guys, surprise two chapters update!!! My awesome editor is the best.
‘Is everything a joke to you?’ chastised Steve, his tone low and challenging.
He couldn't pinpoint it for sure, but Steve's hand remained clenched on the door knob where it kept failing under the Super Soldier's strength.
Tony’s chest was so close that he could feel his thumping heartbeat through his rib cage; their heartbeats out of sync. One palpitating in excitement while the other beat in unbearable embarrassment.
Stark’s eyes were closed, his hands tweaking Steve’s nipples between the pad of his fingers, if he wasn’t already busy teasing Steve’s dick with little whacks here and there. Tony’s lips were moving as he was speaking, but no sound was heard.
At least he hadn’t cum. It was a small victory, although he had an inkling Tony hadn’t wanted for him to unless he had asked. And
‘Sure…Whatever you say, Cap,’ Tony let out with a smile, holding in the angst he so badly wanted to release.
!’ raged a bewildered Steve, mindful of his tone, afraid to rouse Bucky from his slumber.
‘Fuck, I missed this, Steve…tight as fuck…’ Tony exhaled, burying himself in the scent of Steve’s damp hair.
‘You must see how absurd this is. We can’t even be in the same room together before we start yelling at each other. I’m not even sure he likes me, and I can’t even blame him for that.’
‘What the hell’s wrong with you?’ Steve shouted back, growling at his friend, cradling his arm with his shaky hand.  ‘I told you, I’m fine.’
Tony finally shows his cards and wants to show Steve who is in charge for once. His previous desires mixing with his resentment, hurt and anger pushing him to a horrible situation. Steve only has his words to fight against what tony has in mind.
When Steve came to, it was to an empty and gloomy space. The room was eerily quiet aside from Steve’s own slow breathing. As his blue eyes fluttered open, his vision blurred momentarily, his tired gaze focused its attention on the whiteness of the crumbling plaster ceiling above him.
He riveted, his heart racing.
Brown eyes locked onto blue ones through the dark, stagnant air in this cheap motel room.
Their pants mixed together, depraved and lustful. Tony was so close; his body was strained by his impending orgasm.
Tony didn't seem fazed by his act, which infuriated Steve even more. Tony had fallen deeper into madness than he had previously thought if he didn't understand that what he had done was beyond acceptable.
Giving a once over to Steve’s disheveled and worn appearance, it looked like Bucky had made the right call to get the coffee.
Tony kicked him again, this time in his exposed side, his ribs cracking under the heel of Tony’s shoe. He rolled over, propping himself up on his shoulder, forgetting for just one moment that his naked, battered, and fucked body was broadcasted for all to see.
‘Not so perfect now, are you? I fucking hate you, Rogers…you deserve this…goddammit…I-I won’t last much longer…’
‘Where’s your bag?’ Steve twirled on his foot, showing his duffle bag, leaving Tony utterly unimpressed.
Steve let himself fall to his knees, incapable of forming a response. Tony was now the ever imposing presence looming over his defeated figure. There were no illusions as to who held all the power and Tony was drunk on it.
‘Don’t walk away from me,’ snarled Bucky, having had enough of Steve’s bullshit. He would get to the bottom of this.
(See the end of the chapter for
’Just because I don’t talk about sex like you do doesn’t mean I have no experience with it. It wasn't anyone's business...’ snarked Steve, hoping his captor wouldn’t get angry for forgetting himself. Tony looked at him, amused.
The dark-haired man reeled back, his feet buckled under the force. The wall shook when it connected with Stark's lean, muscled back, antiquated picture frames falling next to him as  glass shards exploded upon impact. Tony nursed his battered, bleeding face with shaky fingers, feeling the damage.
Steve was starting to become highly uncomfortable under the shorter man’s scrutiny. This Tony was unpredictable and as a tactician, Steve didn’t like his odds at all. He missed his Tony. He tried to keep his posture strong and his head held high. He sure wasn’t going to give Tony the satisfaction of thinking that this was acceptable. The silence was killing him. He wished Tony would talk, put him out of his misery, so to speak.
The continuation of Tony's latest tryst with Steve despite Steve's constant pleas for him to stop. Tony is a man on a mission with a thirst that cannot be quenched, until trouble finds him.
Steve let his eyes flutter closed, shame coloring his heated flesh. His cock betraying him as it twitched with each touch from Tony’s searching hands. His head lowered in irritation, his jaw clenched to show resistance.
The mattress dipped under his weight as he sat at the edge of the bed. The moment he shifted his hips, spreading his legs a little to stretch and allow his muscles to relax, Steve felt something cold trail down from his ass cheeks. A warm colored blush blossomed up the back of his neck in awkwardness.
Steve didn’t have a spoken response, just a quick shot to Tony’s ribs and a pat on the back, ‘How’s that for cramping your style?’
Hello fellow readers,
‘Consider me surprised, then!’ exclaimed Tony, mockingly. ‘I’d never have guessed. You were always flustered whenever sex was mentioned.’
‘FUCK YOU!… I’m done listening.’
‘Back off, Stark! You burned your bridges and I hope for your sake Bucky never finds out about this...I'm not sure I'd stop him from killing you.’
Steve's facial features suddenly morphed to stone, his own body betraying him as a slight tremor pulsed through his core, numbing his body.
With careful efficiency, Steve started to wash himself, his own palms wandering leisurely over every little blemish that perturbed his porcelain skin.
? Steve thought, fists clenched tightly against the sheets.
Steve did not miss the hidden threat behind Tony's vicious words.  His nerves had him on edge and made him bold. His feet nudged the phone to the side, never leaving Stark's line of sight when the cell left his periphery.
‘How come I’ve never heard of this place before? Seems like somewhere I’d fit right in,’ he said cheekily.
The thin, yet fit woman put her hand on the tall blond man’s shoulder in comfort, which stole a feeble breath from Steve’s moist lips. Steve’s nerves were getting the best of him, ‘Still…This mission doesn’t feel right…’ went past his lips in an inaudible mumble.
Bucky had left him behind. He now felt, more than ever, truly alone.
Unknowingly, he sucked in his lower lip into his supple mouth, shifting his stance all the while, ogling the buffet that would soon be his to sample.
It left Bucky speechless for a brief moment. Steve’s reply had shaken him to his core.
Her voice felt distant to the soldier’s attuned ears, ‘You’ll just have to see…’ she said taking her leave slowly but surely, her parting words embedded in Steve’s head.
‘Shut up!’
Steve’s pleasured face quickly changed to one of agony when Tony’s strokes, not lubricated enough from his precum, started to chaff.
A meaty palm shot roughly to his mouth, stifling Steve’s startled protests as the head of Stark’s hard cock finally made it past that tight ring of muscle. Steve’s wails were effectively cut off by Tony’s hand as Tony enjoyed the warm squeeze of Steve’s clenched asshole.
With a flick of her wrist, Maria dismissed the bright holograms, leaving the room to bask in darkness. She knew she’d be met with protests from Captain America, but this was getting out of hand and fast.
The rest of the Avengers settled in, bemused at the budding conflict between Steve and Tony, Steve seeming to be the only one not to catch on that Tony was having fun at his expense.
Without preparation, it was hard for Steve’s muscles to get used to the offending girth probing him. Yet, the friction from the fabric rubbing at his now very hard cock made his body warm.
Hello guys, sorry for the long update,
‘Stevie?’ A scratchy voice called from the depths of the room, breaking the trance that Tony had unwillingly lulled a frozen Steve into.
Enjoy my ravenous readers! Feast!
‘I could kill you, make sure you don’t hurt anyone ever again…’
The blow was so fast, Tony didn't even have time to brace himself before the fist connected with the side of his jaw, unsettling a few bones.
The aftermath of Tony's visit causes problems for Steve when Bucky confronts him about the other man's recently strange behavior.
PHASE 4
Tony and Steve looked at their papers.
He ran his hand through his golden hair with a heavy sigh, this would be more difficult than anticipated.
A maniacal laughter resonated throughout the room, sending a chill through Steve’s body.
As he headed towards the exit, the billionaire bent toward the crumbling form below him, his palm resting solidly on Steve, squeezing ever so slightly, to assert his dominance.
With a harsh, punishing thrust, Tony’s length was seated inside of Rogers’ body once more, so deep Steve could feel him in his stomach.
‘And why exactly do you need us?’ From his previous work with Shield, the soldier knew that they sometimes liked to omit certain pertinent details. He felt there was more to the story than that, he felt it in his gut.
‘I-I don’t…’
‘You can’t hide from me, Stevie, no one can. The sooner you learn that the better it will be for the safety of those traitors. I’m Tony fucking Stark and you’ll learn your fucking place, understood?’
Something ate at him, though. As the Captain, he had to appear confident, but this mission made him squeamish. He would never tell Tony this, but he counted on his partner to know how to handle things.  It killed him to admit that Tony held the destiny of this mission in his hands.
Tony squinted his eyes at Steve, patting his own clothes, offended Steve would even suggest such a thing.
‘You know we can’t afford to get caught. You didn’t even leave a note. Jesus Buck…’
As he scurried out of the room in a huff, the room was left empty, leaving behind only the evidence of Tony’s sick games.
In the last few days, following Stark’s ghastly visit, Steve had been out and about in the city, trying to help whoever needed it.  It wasn’t the smartest thing to do, he knew he should be laying low for the time being, but he needed to get out and clear his head.
Steve gasped, his breath short and ragged. His lungs were out of air, he was heaving heavily, taking in every puff he could. His eyes were watery with tears filling them. His burning cheeks were wet from a few tears leaking, the pressure too much to take.
*Also, thanks to Ash potter for editing my stuff!!
Stark's eyes flared, his muscles flexed meeting Steve's aggression with his own body.
‘I know what I said,’ as Tony slowly pushed down the darkly tinted glasses that rested on his face while shooting a quick wink in Clint’s direction before haphazardly sliding the glasses back into their normal position.
Steve took the bait, standing at the edge of his seat, ready to pounce while Tony’s open stance clearly invited him to try.
‘You’re lucky I like you on your knees. So how about it? On your knees big guy!’ chirped Tony, his brown eyes pointing to the floor. ‘And don’t make me tell you a second time,’ his ominous tone threaded with finality.
A powerful jab had Steve’s ass buck against Tony. Steve’s voice broke up into tiny gasps.
Hello guys, sorry for the late post, I was in Japan for vacation, therefore we slacked up a bit. Here is the new chapter. Hope you enjoy it!  Tell me what you think!
‘I-I’m not a-’ Steve attempted to dislodge the offending hand, only to be rebuked by Stark’s other hand pinning him by his neck, the pressure cutting off his breath against his headrest.
However, as soon as his sole touched the carpeted floor, his senses alerted him, making his skin crawl.
A painful pang tugged at Tony’s heart when the words flew past Steve’s lips. It hurt him more than he thought.
‘D-Don’t….please…oh…urg.. not, not in..side…J-esus T-tony,’ Steve’s pleas grew louder, forgetting they weren’t the only ones in the room.
He’d already been there for an hour; his tumultuous sleep had kept his worried mind occupied.
‘Somehow, I really doubt that...’ he said, reflecting on all the times they clashed.
And just like that, all that was left behind was the Winter Soldier’s persistent afterthought and the vacant, desolate space as Bucky walked out the door, never looking back.
Tony didn’t miss the impatient taps coming from Steve Rogers’ long fingers as he pushed the door open and he announced himself in true Tony Stark fashion.
‘Come on Cap…’ whined Tony, playfully, ‘and oh, by the way, did you like my package?’
This is the last of this installment, but fear not!!! More is in store for Steve and Tony in a new fan fiction I will be writing. I feel like there is more to be done. How far can Tony fall before Steve gives up, if he ever does.
After hoisting up his duffle bag onto his right shoulder, he peered at Natasha, his features sporting a pensive look.
Also, Steve was a liar. Stark was far from stupid, he'd known how Steve had enjoyed and came from his dick.
‘That’s because one of our agents was enhanced and even with that, they were still compromised. We lost all communications. Once there, it’s a total blackout. You’ll be alone out there, without backup. This mission requires a certain skillset…’
Tony finally cracked after his feelings of anger pushed him to humiliate Steve. In hopes to make the man understand what he is going through, Tony doesn't realize that what he is doing is ensuring that in the end he will be alone. Throughout his crisis, this intimacy with Cap is the only respite he gets. Poor Steve
‘Enough!’ Steve pleaded, his tone raised in alarm, his balled fist shadowing over Stark’s crunched face.
After taking a moment to admire his handiwork, Tony’s fingers laced themselves to the back of Steve’s taut neck and yanked effortlessly so his wet, succulent lips laid at the shell of Steve’s red ear. Steve shivered as hot puffs of air tickled his ear, Tony’s masculine scent enveloping him.
Then, his blue eyes skimmed past Tony and Thor, knowing subtlety wasn’t their forte. Thor was way too loud, and Tony well, he didn’t really play well with others.
The mechanic’s hands leapt up and latched on to the Captain’s blue collar, pulling him down for a bruising kiss. Steve almost lost his balance trying to keep up with the savage onslaught of his mouth. Steve was not prepared for the intensity behind Tony’s searing kiss.  Tony’s goatee rubbed against his fair skin, leaving red rashes and scrapes as evidence.
Thanks to my amazing boyfriend for dealing with my constant pushing pf him editing my  work.
'I won't be another one of your toys, Tony,' chided Steve, his glare stern and unwavering.
Anger makes you do ridiculous things, and hopefully when all is said and done, Tony will realize that he has only himself to blame. Smut, dark tony actions and slightly humiliated cap (still headstrong though) and possibly feelings in the next chapter. Tony won't exactly be kind as he is hurt and lashing out at everything and as he as always felt strongly about cap, well desires and rage mix up! Might take one or 2 weeks until next update, life problems :) Thanks for your kudos comments and ideas.
Steve spat back with a coldhearted frown. However, he wasn’t expecting what followed.
Things get a bit heated between Tony and Steve. Some things are said, and some things are done.
After what felt like an eternity in heaven, Tony Stark finally picked up the pace and started bucking his hips forward.  He fucked Steve in earnest, his fingers finding hold of the meat on Steve’s stagnant hips.
Something about the genius rubbed him the wrong way. The other man got under his skin.
To shield himself properly from the harsh temperature outside, he stepped inside his room and turned his back to close the door.
The pounding grew desperate and hectic, no rhythm to follow. When Steve tried to reach his manhood, he was quickly swatted away, ordered to grab the bar above his head instead to brace himself.
He wasn’t nearly as prepared as last time and that made it worse. He tried to will his body to relax, but every time Tony pulled back, the girth of his length made the stretch more painful than the last. His skin was flushed, he felt hot and dizzy under Tony’s precise, torturous thrusts.
‘DON’T TOUCH ME!’ yelled Tony. Steve felt himself being thrown onto the cold floor, his reflexes quick enough to break his fall, leaving him on his knees. His body quivered, cold from the lack of touch, he cringed when he received a kick to his unprotected stomach.
His eyes began to bulge, ‘Ma'am, with all due respect, I don't think that’s a good idea…’
Thinking back, Tony realized the blond man was so different than what he had been told by his father, it irked him that he didn’t meet Steve’s approval. Tony hated being dismissed, and whenever Steve opened his mouth to discredit him, he couldn’t control himself and lashed out.
His abs flexed whenever he felt the head of Tony’s cock brush against his prostate, sending his head flying back, his throat free for Tony to suck on. His hands automatically reached behind the nape of Tony’s neck. It felt tense and it was burning. Tony kept fucking him until all that was heard in the compound were grunts, pleas and sounds of slapping flesh.
Tony screamed at the phantom of the recently departed Rogers, his smile incredulous, as once again, like many times before in his life, he was all alone, drifting dangerously closer, veritably tip toeing the line of insanity.
Finally, my awesome boyfriend finished editing my work. So quickly too! Enjoy this epic conclusion of this first part of the series.
Tony didn’t care for Steve’s comfort and canted his hips to reach deeper, where he knew it would hurt Steve.
He still felt dirty.
In a rare feat of tumultuous rage, he swept the basket off the table with his forearm, still clutching the phone tightly in his grip, leaving the fruits to stumble and scatter all over the floor in a mess.
He had to…He had to find Bucky; he had to get out.
Nick Fury steeled his expression, prompting the Avengers to pay attention.
Tony’s anger abated a bit with Bruce’s kind words, hoping they held any kind of truth. He gave a weak smile in response.
‘I thought it was a nice touch, right?’
After their argument Steve is left alone, unsure of Bucky's location. Obviously, once Steve gets back, someone's waiting for him.
If only.
The force in which he was pistoned was starting to hurt him, the previously self supplied lubricant was slowly dissipating under the brutal pace. The girth of Tony’s fingers was starting to burn inside him, his inner walls constricting. Steve winced and tried to shuffle his stance to avoid the pain, but Tony countered his movements, pinning him in place.
‘Have you ever done something like this before?’ Noticing Steve’s silence, he pressed, ‘You can speak your mind.’
Hateful comments or anything that isn't constructive will not be tolerated. If you don't like it, or the direction it is going, you may leave.
‘That’s it….yeahhh… God bless America! You feel so good around me,’ replied Tony as he sheathed himself inside that warm, welcoming heat after so long. Steve’s muscles were enveloping his cock so tightly, like a warm embrace.
As Steve was about to let himself be carried into unconsciousness, the hand at his throat suddenly vanished, air rushing into his lungs, famished. Tony’s last order hovered like a whisper in his mind, but he didn’t question it. He let his moist lips part loosely.
Steve wondered.
'Aww Steve, is that any way to talk to the man who owns you?' replied Tony, confidently.
For some of you, it might not be what you expected to read. Tony is going in territories he might regret later and Steve, well he tries to understand both sides and still feels guilty, even though Tony has his part to play.
He opened the letter, carefully reading it. Not believing what he had read, his eyes were glued to each word over and over again as it sunk in.
Steve felt ashamed by how his dick was now standing at attention, seeking contact after Tony’s degrading words. His flesh was on fire and every cold touch from Tony burned him with uncontrollable desire. Damn the super serum for making his refractory sense almost nonexistent.
Ever since Tony hit puberty, he’d found himself attracted to the many vintage promotional posters of Captain America plastered on the walls of his childhood room. He’d never have guessed they would eventually work together, not in a million years. They had gotten off on the wrong foot with Loki’s invasion, and finally gotten to share small talk, but they couldn’t keep a conversation for more than two minutes before arguing, which was problematic if they were to go undercover and pretend to be friends.
