"Yes John."
When Sherlock woke it was dark, the rain still hitting the window of the bedroom, the sound joinig with John's soft snores.
John laughed slightly then pressed his lips harder against Sherlock’s for a moment.
Sherlock stood stunned for a moment then smiled.
Mycroft had returned to the hospital after being informed about Sherlock waking and then being promptly sedated. John had been holding onto Sherlock’s hand, his body pressed up to the side of Sherlock’s body and his face pushed up against the side of Sherlock’s face.
"Dizzy." Sherlock gets out as his hands find John's waist, his fingers tightening around the fabric of John's shirt.
Turning to Sherlock John grabbed the bars as the man thrashed against his restraints.
“Why?” Molly asks.
The doctor looked to Mycroft who just looked back, John had the end say in what was to be Sherlock’s treatment, so Mycroft said nothing.
"Yes. In this room things can be said, they can be talked about and analysed. But when you leave this room you both will continue being who you are. Things said in this room will need to be worked though and understood before you leave."
The man smiled as his hand reached out and took Sherlock’s, the feeling of his physical body being touched once again, right on the same hand the man was holding.
“You're early.” John said as he continued to run his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, his eyes watching Mycroft.
I'm loving my small little bridge chapters right now hehe.
"Maddie get some sleep." Sherlock said indicating the stretcher. "You were awake before either of us and you look ready to drop."
"My surroundings, they change, people change, they become..." His breath suddenly changing becoming harsh and short as he tried to pull himself together. "My, they did thing's, they...they..."
"Deal."
"He's passed out." The paramedic offered as he read off the monitor.
"John is not my partner." He saw her frown at this.
"Sherlock, I... I'm sorry, I don't... I didn't..."
One sentence. One sentence that made my heart skip a beat.
"But it's a beautiful city, isn't it?" I pressed.
Sherlock stood there, staring awestruck at John, his face dusted pink. He made an attempt at speaking, failed, cleared his throat, and tried again. "May I ask you a question?" he managed.
here,
All of a sudden, John was giggling, and, upon hearing this, Sherlock started laughing too – low, genuine, and in harmony with John. And God, all John wanted to do at that moment, all his heart desired, was to reach out and kiss him, kiss him till he couldn’t breathe, and then kiss him some more. The only thing that stopped him was that he’d probably break a leg trying.
"It doesn't matter. Not now," said Sherlock. "John... I love you."
"And in any case, you do know that this place can become rather pungent at this time of year, don't you?" Sherlock continued.
It was an accident, what happened. I didn’t mean for it to happen. Really. I only put my hands in my pockets! It’s a habit, an old habit, putting my hands in my pockets when I’m standing around. I don’t like standing around. Boring. John’s not boring.
“What?” Sherlock snapped.
Devin appraised John as if seeing him for the first time and after a few moments said, “I say, that is intriguing, p..Laura.”
His hands shake when he takes the cup from me. I steady them so he can swallow. He takes a few sips, then looks at me, resting his head against my shoulder. “Talk to me, Sherlock.”
“I know what would help me relax.”
“Have you really come to haunt me once more?”
Hugh looked up at Sherlock and then at John as the dark circle around his cornea expanded. “She wanted me to kill you, John.”
Sherlock let his fingers dance lightly across John’s forehead. “Yes, John, I know,” he whispered as he kissed the top of John’s head. As Sherlock stroked John his thoughts became dark and fearful.  “John, I want you to know something. I want you to know that we will face the future together and that no matter what happens, I will stand with you and by you. John? John, did you hear me?” Sherlock asked lightly, his voice was still hoarse from screaming. John didn’t respond for he was fast asleep in Sherlock’s arms.
You glare at me as you say, “Sherlock, enough.”
“You’re not leaving?”
“Sherlock, just hang on, I assure you it will be worth the wait.” John commanded in his military voice.
John took her hands in his and smiled sadly, “Sharon, I’m fine, but I’m in a hurry, I’m going to meet someone and we’re to be…”
John’s eye’s looked black in the dancing firelight as he held out his hand towards Sherlock, “There’s only one way to find out. Sherlock, the world’s greatest consulting detective, come here and suck my thumb.” John said.
Doctor Shaw smiled. “I’m not asking you to write about puberty or your first pimple. I’m asking you to write about…”
Wiggins laughed. “Pretty smooth, huh?”
Try as he might Sherlock couldn’t calculate how to deal with so many problems, as he muttered to himself, “John, in another world fighting demons, Mycroft, Molly and Mrs. Hudson and myself exposed to Ebola virus, no one is showing signs yet but….”
John laughed. “Come on let’s go get a drink. I need to relax.”
I inspect my handiwork. He will be bruised tomorrow. I sit down on the edge of the bed, defeated. I don’t have the stomach for this. Approaching Anderson I untie the ropes, then I help him to the bed. He lays against my chest like the body of a limp martyr in an Italian painting. Except I am the master and Anderson’s brokenness is my art. I look at him. “Have you no self-respect, Anderson?”  I ask, my voice dripping with distain.
“I’m fine, thank you,” John said as he sat up straighter in his chair.
Sherlock smirked, “You’re mad. There’s no such thing. Besides who do you think I am, Indiana Jones?”
Sherlock started to edge forward, but Mycroft held up his hand. “Sherlock, don’t come any closer. Although, you’ve already been exposed, it would ease my mind to have you at arm’s length. Sherlock, I most likely will not make it through this.”
“John, how’s the research going?” Sherlock asked as he leaned over John’s shoulder to look at the computer screen.
Sherlock lost his angry focus when he looked into John’s eyes. They were so blue. Words deserted him and he allowed himself to get lost in their depths. He licked his lips, cursing himself when desire mixed with the solution in his veins exploded into a red hot passion that took his breath away. His hips twitched forward and he bit on his lower lip to keep a moan from escaping. “Mycroft, John and I will sort this out. Please leave.”
"Why do you think that?"
“Yes Molly.” Sherlock sighed, his voice giving away his frustration at not being believed.
"Is there anyone else?"
“Ah Maddie, what have you been doing?” Moriarty asked moving further into the room, then turning to look at Moran. “Oh Moran, you really had to go for the face? Such a shame, she was such a pretty little thing.”
“John…Maddie?” Sherlock breaths out causing John to frown.
“Why not?”
Sherlock arched, a shout of pain escaping his lips, but it was nothing compared to what John was used to hearing.
“They’re on their way back!” Anderson says as he appears at the door.
John grabbed the first cab he saw, somehow channelling Sherlock’s super power of sticking out his hand and a cab just appearing. Half an hour later he was sat in Mycroft’s office, a cup of tea in front of him, provided by Anthea. He was in for a long wait according to Mycroft’s ever present assistant, the plane was still four hours out and then it was an hour from the airport. So he sat and waited, staring at the portrait of the queen for a time before pulling out his phone and going through his emails, then he reread his blog, and looked through Sherlock’s before putting his phone away and started to pace.
"You would refuse to help your friend?"
Sherlock forced himself to look up. John was looking at him with concern but he had a small smile on his lips and his eyes sparkled just as they always did when he had Sherlock’s full attention.
Sherlock turned his head toward John, his eyes opening a fraction. "Please..." Sherlock reached out, or rather his fingers lifted slightly and it was all the invitation John needed. Taking hold of long fingers, he lent down placing the hand on his, John's, chest, holding it there while his free brushed at curls.
"No...no he had to stay."
John lowered his eyes and moved away from the group as they started to talk, Sherlock staying quiet as they all made a guess to what the light in the picture could be.
“Two hours?! We're gonna be getting the shit kicked out of us by our friend Hank in two hours!”
Hours passed, the nursing staff had insisted that he shower. While Mycroft had one of his men drop-off a suit and his coat as well as a shaving kit.
Sherlock suddenly laughed throwing his hands up in the air before pulling up his sleeves to show off his arms. John frowned then grabbed Sherlock’s wrists to stop him.
John rubbed his face in Sherlock’s nest of pubic hair, reveling in its moist softness. “God, I love your scent. It makes my mouth water.”
The woman’s eyes grew large as she licked her lips nervously, “That is the Shaman’s, how did you get it?”
As soon as your lips touch me I whimper. “John.” You have no mercy. Either you’ve done this before or you are a quick learner. I wrap my fingers in your hair as you work. “God, John, you need to let up. It’s too much,” I say in a shaky voice. You look up at me for a second, but otherwise ignore me. Then I feel a pressure that starts deep within me. It makes everything tight. It makes everything hurt. “John, I think I’m going to pass out,” I scream out as I pull harder on your hair.
Mrs. Hudson came and stood by Sherlock’s side. “Sherlock, what is going on?”
An old cement building stood in front of them, peeling paint ran down its walls like fossilized tears and John shivered. For it seemed as if the building shimmered in anticipation of their arrival. It’s black carnivorous windows hungry for their presence.
Then we tussle a little. When your hand grazes my ring, I cry out and hit the floor. Your deft fingers soon have my shirt off. You stare at my white marred skin in horror. Your eyes fixate on the ring-the symbol of caduceus. “Sherlock, Sherlock,…” You whisper as your voice trails off.
All over the world the social media networks were jammed with news feeds that read something like this, “Sherlock Holmes to marry rich American Heiress Nina Summers, Nina has finally found her romantic destiny with the detective Sherlock Holmes, she is worth 900 million. Well, it doesn’t take the world’s greatest detective to figure out that 900 Million is a lot of cheddar in any language.”
I nod. When I am finally naked, I feel like the seduced instead of the seducer. Anderson runs his hands along my body. “God, Sherlock you are so beautiful. So, smooth, so warm, so sensitive, so intelligent….”
He bites his lip and looks down. I throw the crop down. I am ready to move on. I grab a plug and a blindfold, then I turn towards Anderson. He is shivering uncontrollably. I watch him in fascination for a few moments. I have pushed him beyond his limits but he won’t recant.
“Oh, no you don’t. You have flu, now rest, Doctor’s orders.”
Sherlock smirked, for he was putty in John’s hands. “You’re pretty clever yourself, Doctor.”
Wiggins backed up. “Fine, but I’m starting to feel underappreciated.”
“Anderson, I need you to keep John, Alice and Mrs. Hudson safe, don’t let John try to be a hero and Anderson I love you and I’m so sorry for all my harsh words and…”
“John, don’t refer to yourself as handicapped,” Sherlock snapped.
“Mrs. Hudson, get out,” Sherlock hissed. When he noticed the hurt expression on her face Sherlock cursed his own bluntness. “Mrs. Hudson, you are a treasure but John and I want to be alone.”
John bit on his lower lip as he glanced over at Sherlock, as he tried to disguise the fact that he was cold.
“Nope, just a little foreplay and a bath or two together.” Sherlock met John’s gaze full on.
A few hours later and John sat strapped in the passenger seat of the chopper. Sherlock sat behind him leaning over his shoulder as they became air bound. Much to Sherlock’s alarm, John held out his arms as if a bird in flight. Sherlock scowled over at Laura’s amused expression and just held John tighter.
As they walked back to Sherlock’s cabin, John felt an increasing amount of nervousness building up in his stomach, so that by the time they reached the door, John felt as if he was going to be sick. Sherlock smiled back at John in the semi-darkness and motioned for John to come in. John hesitated at the doorway. “Don’t worry I don’t bite,” Sherlock said as he pulled out a chair for John to sit in. John smiled back and sat in the chair obediently.
“Who Sherlock, tell me who else?”
“Yes, he told me that they came from medical experiments that he had performed on himself in the past.”  John’s voice trailed off, then he whispered, “My god, what are you saying?”
John smiled, “I just need a simple, inexpensive dress shirt.”
“Sherlock,” Mycroft said gently, “You have to grow up now, you have to be the strong one, and you have to be the leader. Your friends need you…I need you. You have to be the big brother now.” Mycroft whispered and then closed his eyes as he lay back on the pillow.
John loved bringing Sherlock to a climax. Sherlock, his aloof detective, lost his composure little by little, begging John not to stop. “Sherlock, I love you,” John whispered as Sherlock lay panting in his arms with his head leaned back and his mouth open gasping for air. Though Sherlock appeared to be spent, he surprised John by grabbing the hair on the back of his head to move him closer. When Sherlock began to kiss John, his lips parted to make room for Sherlock’s firm tongue. John guided Sherlock to all the maroon spots he could see on his own body and when Sherlock finally reached in between John’s legs, John was bracing his feet against the mattress, arching and writhing, like he was having some kind of sex seizure. His release when it came was so great that John screamed, “SHERLOCK.” John shook all over as he lay in Sherlock’s arms. Sherlock pushed back the damp hair that had plastered itself to John’s forehead. John loved how Sherlock liked to cuddle after sex. Sometimes he would speak to John in Italian or French. John didn’t know Italian or French, however, he knew from the tone of Sherlock’s voice that they were terms of endearment.
"I'll take you both to see him."
Licking his lips, he returned his attention back to John. The doctor had been through a lot since Sherlock last registered seeing him, he however just couldn’t connect everything, couldn’t deduce what it was exactly John had done.
Once they have him down, Greg step’s back. “I can be here, but I can’t help anymore, I’m sorry.”
As he tried to breath though it all he wished he could push John away, yet John was the one keeping him grounded, stopping the panic from totally over taking. But then John was the reason, the cause.
“Sherlock?” Angela’s voice drifted over to him.
“You know what I mean.”
I look at him for so long that my peripheral vision blacks out. With just a subtle shift of my hips his pelvis bumps up against my side. He trembles and closes his eyes when I tilt his head back. My lips are on his, my tongue slips inside his warm oral cavity. I am lost. We both explore, panting then we break apart. I moan when he palms my groin.
John brushed Sherlock’s hair from his forehead. “Sherlock, how do you look so innocent and full of lust at the same time?” John asked as he untied the front of his pants. He then untied the front of Sherlock’s pants, flipped him on his stomach and loosened the back of his pants. John teased Sherlock with his fingers for a few moments and then entered Sherlock with one strong thrust. Sherlock reviled in pleasure as John’s movements increased in tempo. The only two sounds in the room were the sound of Sherlock whimpering in coordination with John’s noisy moist thrusts. Sherlock didn’t bother to hold back the tears of joy when John’s hot moisture poured inside him, as well as soaking his thighs.  John lay on top of Sherlock gasping for a few moments before he shoved himself up to clean up.
“Are you okay?” Sherlock asked as he smoothed a fine, sliver of John’s hair from his face.
The next day Sherlock acted as if nothing had happened; however there was a wiry tension in his walk that John hadn’t noticed previously for his normally graceful movements were rigid with a spasmodic jerk in his limbs now and then. “He’s under great stress,” John thought and then swallowed as his mouth became dry. “Oh God, he wants to leave me,” John surmised in a panic. “Well, I won’t make it easy on him.” John thought angrily as he folded his arms across his chest.
“The image you see before us is a difficult jigsaw puzzle, each piece has to be obtained and put together one at a time. Google the image and this will come up as one of the most difficult jigsaw puzzles ever invented; however, the bomber also sent the word, ‘undeciphered,’ which indicates there is more to the puzzle than just the image, thus supporting my conclusion of a hidden cypher or cryptogram hidden within its depths.”
My face flushes. “Whatever do you mean?” I say as Mary laughs.
Clare’s silver eyes appeared to shine a little brighter. “John, what you smell is human blood. That is the scent of the Golem.”
John studied Sherlock’s expression for a moment and then the truth began to dawn on him. “Oh God, Sherlock, is one of the reasons you are emphatic to her cause, is that you know how she feels?” Sherlock answer me. “Have been…abused…raped?”
“John, can you hear me?” A frantic voice called into John’s pain filled foggy mind.
The woman pouted, “Oh, no have I offended you? My case is about a severed head that I found in…”
The girls looked at each other again and smiled, “Okay, I will go and get you a selection”, one of the girls said as she disappeared in the back.
Sherlock pressed down into the pressure John’s fingers were applying and sighed. “Yes, you do Doctor Watson.”
You come over and cover me with a blanket. “Sherlock, lie on your left side and put your right leg over the left, like this,” You say as you show me a picture on the drug insert.
The woman pouted, tossing her lovely auburn curls over her shoulder. “Two of my workers have gone missing.”
John looked down at the ground, “I didn’t plan it. We just fell in love.”
“Sherlock, it’s okay I’m fine. You didn’t hurt me. In fact, I have never experienced anything so marvelous in my entire life.” You say as you stroke my quivering limbs into submission. “I want to be sore when we go to the opera tonight, so that every time I shift in my chair from boredom I will think of you.”
When nothing happened Sherlock sighed jumped up from the chair and pushed John down on the bed. “Do I have to do everything? Come on, John.” Sherlock growled as he undid the front of John’s pants. “Fine, I’ll get you started,” Sherlock said in irritation as he spread John’s legs apart further, so that he could reach in between them with his mouth. After a few moments, Sherlock stopped and Asian woman took up where Sherlock left off.
He nodded, pinching Wiggins on the arm when they left room. “Oy, that hurt.”
Sherlock nodded. “I don’t want John in danger either, but if you don’t go along with your attempt on John’s life then she will just send someone else to complete the task.”
Sherlock leaned over and made sure John was comfortable before he answered. “Who cares? We are finally free of that thing.”
Mycroft stepped forward. “We should stay at my house for the night. It will be safer.”
Lestrade shook his head as they left. God Sherlock was annoying prick sometimes.
I get up. I’m angry. “I’m not worth it.”
“Good-night,” Sherlock said as he bent over and kissed John’s forehead.
“Sherlock? Sherlock, can you hear me?” A voice calls out to me and attempts to rouse me by shaking my shoulder.
Mycroft not to be undone picked up Sherlock’s verbal gauntlet. “Oh, really in what way?”
John raised an eyebrow. “Casablanca, that’s our next port of call.”
Sherlock chuckled as he massaged John’s shoulders, “Yes, twelve and a half times to be exact.”
Doctor Shaw’s eyes narrowed. “What’s he talking about?”
I look at you, perhaps for the last time. “I love you. All three of you. Go back to Baker Street if you can’t get out of the city. Tell Mrs. Hudson, London Bridges.”
“There is someone in my face. I can hear his heart beating, so I must be in his arms. The smell is a familiar one-it’s John.  I feel him lowering me to the floor, he tilts my head back, he puts his lips on mine. It’s not a kiss. He’s attempting to resuscitate me. I taste his breath. It’s flavor is coffee, mint toothpaste, and milk-it’s John. There’s something I want to do. There is something I want to say. I can’t. My mind and motor skills have been cut short. This is what abuse does. It cuts things short-kills them. I am fading again. Good-bye, John. You sound so scared. The thought of my death scares you. Poor John, for it is the thought of life that scares me. A life devoid of lust, love, consummation, a life full of loneliness, and boredom-my life.  I see nothing, no bright light, no angels, no Redbeard-nothing.”
John shrugged. “Who knows, I don’t feel any different, so what does it matter? Once we find the Golem, Clare can go back home and nothing will have changed. Sherlock, why all the questions? What’s bothering you?”
I look down, I am fully aroused. I tap on the bathroom door. I see the outline of your body. I slide the door open and join you.
“Oh, maybe because you poisoned yourself and your lover with an exotic poison, but not before you kidnapped said lover, drug him off to the country, where you preceded to hire a doctor with a revoked license. And please don’t get me started about the PET scans and the fact that you dosed your plaything with an untested drug. Do you know what the penalties are for administrating unapproved medications on a human subject? There’s enough evidence to put you away for years.”
John laughed until the tears rolled down his face, “No, it’s a movie about a guy who is stuck in a wheelchair and he witnesses a murder. It’s a famous movie by Alfred Hitchcock.”
John’s tears froze on his face as he leaned towards Clare. “Clare, then I must end myself, for I won’t be the end of Sherlock, I won’t-I WON’T.” John shouted into the howling wind.
“Yes, I’m here, which is more than I can say for you. It’s the fourth toe that is missing, correct?” I ask.
The man obviously flustered stammered, “Well, I mean you know…”
Clare made a low crackling noise in her throat. Though it was supposed to be laughter, it gave John the creeps. “Dr. Watson, I will contact you.” Then she quietly left.
Sherlock let John pull his body closer to that he would be able to sit up and yet still have John’s body against his back for support. Sherlock was out of breath from the small effort. “So, where is here?” he gasped.
I light a cigarette. “Well, I guess sometimes old things are the best.” I then look him up and down. “Well, some things at any rate.”
You approach us, putting a hand on each of our shoulders. “It would be nice if he could all get a bath together.”
“Look, John, let’s not beat around the bush. We both know that Elsa is Laura. Laura has agreed to do your surgery.”
Sherlock laughed and kissed the top of his grandma’s head. “I still do if I don’t get my way. Oh by the way I painted something for you grandmother.” Sherlock handed a brown paper wrapped package and when Sherlock’s grandma peeled the paper back, she gasped. For it was a picture of her late husband.
She pursed her lips. “I know who you are Mister Holmes, you’re famous.”
The stricken look on your face tells me that I have said the wrong thing yet again.
You walk over and kiss my forehead. “Of course.”
Sherlock’s grandma smiled up at John and said,”It’s so nice to see a man that helps out with household things.” John blushed and looked shyly at Sherlock’s grandma.
The Shaman looked back at John and spoke softly, “One horseman and his demons have already regenerated, so the remaining three will follow very soon. If you were to awaken the horsemen at this time, they would still have hundreds of demons at their command, John this will not be easy.”
“Taste yourself,” John whispered, then placed his wet lips upon Sherlock’s dry one’s.
My smile fades, making my facial muscles relax into their normal state of disuse. I roll up my sleeve. “It’s time, Molly.”
Anderson throws back his head and laughs. “Just fine. I’m single.” He closes the distance between us. I am the first to back away. “Well, I’ll leave you to it,” he says and then melts into the crowd.
My feet move forward like I am dreaming. Once we get to our room, you look over at Anderson. “Well, I guess we know who’s getting the royal treatment?”
When you are done preparing us both, you slide underneath me, wrapping your legs around my waist. “Is this how you want me, Sherlock?”
You have fallen asleep on Mary’s shoulder. You wipe a string of drool from the side of your face. You then clap and ask in a sleepy voice. “Is it over?”
Sherlock brushed away a tear, that slid down his cheek. “No, friends don’t do that to each other. Now come with me, John, please.”
Sherlock’s face was red from the effort it took to breath normally. As tears poured from his eyes, Sherlock uttered not a sound he just stood there weaving in silent shock. “Sherlock, you need to listen to me. John, can be brought back, but there will be a price. If we bring him back, John will be a Claymore.”
I am still holding Anderson’s hand. “Anderson, stay with us. Phillip, please don’t leave. We’ll miss you. I’ll miss you.” Then the room quiets and my throat swells while the cacophony of an approaching siren grows closer.
John grit his teeth. “What kind of a key?”
The woman’s dark eyes glittered in challenge for she was clearly enjoying the fact that Sherlock had gotten up and had begun to pace the room. “Doctor Watson, or may I call you John? I am very limber and I’m sure that with a little persuasion I could stick my…”
Mycroft read the text then, read it again, swearing aloud. Then he punched in the number to emergency services.
Sherlock was naked by this time. He fixed his eyes on John knelt down and sucked on John’s lower lip. “No, I’m not worried. I gave him Mycroft’s card.”
Anderson smirks, then takes the pill you offer him. When your back is turned, I open my mouth, curling my tongue around a little white pill, flicking the tip, then swallowing it with a sip of tea. A stream of liquid runs down my chin, and I take out a handkerchief, making a show of wiping it clean.
A few days later and Sherlock was pushing John up a wheelchair ramp to the ship, his eyes flashing angrily at anyone who attempted to ogle at them with pity or curiosity. Once they were in their state room Sherlock helped John into the double bed and then took him in his arms as they reviewed the facts of the case.
John looked out the window at the chaos the careening wheel chair had caused. “You mean I’m finally free of the thing.”
“Dearest John I want to take your hand. I don’t. I just pout. You place your hand over the cuff as if to protect me from the cold metal. I look up at you….John.  How can you not know? How can you not know how I feel about you? How do I feel about you? Do I love you as a friend? Do I love you as a brother? Do I love as a lover? I can’t imagine what it would be like to kiss you. I can’t. I can’t imagine what it would be like to have you…to have you make love to me…I can’t. I want you to read my mind. I want you to ravage my soul, like a pirate-like a pirate-dearest…John. Your brow is furrowed, your lips pursed. You are just as lost as I.
Sherlock looked back at Doctor Shaw. “After I get him settled, we need to talk.”
Sherlock could hear Mrs. Hudson clattering around in the kitchen. He followed her and put a gentle restraining hand on her arm. “No, tea, no biscuits,” Sherlock said as he took the empty tea kettle out of her hand.
John nodded. “Fine, I’m coming with you.”
he thought as he shut the door, wondering why he felt more vulnerable than ever.
“Jesus, Mary, and Joseph,” John thought, “What have I done to deserve this?”
Doctor Dunkle stared into Sherlock’s eyes and when Sherlock didn’t look away he laughed. “Sherlock, you just don’t get it do you?”
“Yes, Sherlock, I already have.”
John sighed, “Sherlock, it’s perfectly natural, it happens to every man sometime or other.”
John looked around his surroundings with wonder. “By God, this is a beautiful place.” John thought to himself. For the first time in years John felt young and free, he gave no thought to Afghanistan, no thought to unsolved murders, to failed relationships or loss of any kind. Under further introspection John wondered if he had died and gone to heaven. “This sense of freedom must be what heaven is like, “John mused.
A few moments later the items John requested were handed to him by a frightened looking servant girl. John took the items and then said,” Sherlock, I need you to gently blow your nose into this towel,” John instructed. After Sherlock had removed as much blood as possible by blowing into the towel, he lay back against John. John felt as if he were going to throw up, for this was going to be so painful for Sherlock. “Sherlock, keep your eyes fixed on me,” John softly ordered as he put his fingers at the top of Sherlock’s nose and pressed firmly.
Anderson takes my wrist between his fingers. “It was my pleasure, Sherlock,” he whispers.
John felt as if things were getting out of control and was just about to tell Laura to get to the point, when a clumsy waiter dropped a tray of glasses. The crash made John jump and he looked over at the poor waiter in sympathy, wheeling over to help him. The waiter shook his head and said in French, “No, no I am fine, sir.” John had reached down to help and when his hand touched the waiter’s he knew it was Sherlock. For a moment Sherlock’s green eyes met his, they burned with a promise of love, protection, passion and something else jealously, an all-consuming obsessive glance that made John weak in the knees.  Sherlock let his thumb linger on John’s index finger and then he got up in a profusion of apologies, cleaned up the mess and left.
Sherlock inspected the kitchen and the staff, once he was satisfied; he was just about to leave when a young waiter came into the kitchen and slammed his serving tray down on the counter.
Sherlock stared back; frustrated for there was something about the situation he was missing, “Merry Christmas, John. Oh, I almost forgot I have something for you,” Sherlock said as he handed John a brown wrapped package.
Sherlock looked after them somehow knowing nothing would ever be the same.
I smile at you as I say, “Mycroft knows you are to be protected at all costs. I made him swear after he lost a game of Operation.”
Laura looked shocked, “Oh dear me, John, blackmail, stealing, such ugly words, don’t you think?”
The ceremony was performed by a dour looking little man and John wondered what favor Sherlock had done for him to get a ceremony performed so quickly. John’s head jerked to attention when the magistrate asked in a monotone voice, “The rings please?”
You hold me tighter. “Did Mycroft….did he…”
Sherlock made his way across town, melting into the darkness until he made it to his destination—a palm reader, a palm reader that owed him a favor. A red neon lit giant hand blinked outside a shabby building. He looked both ways, then made his way through the fog to the entrance. When his hand turned the knob a bell announced his arrival. A sullen looking girl looked at him with disinterest. Her dark make-up accentuated her deep resentment of everything and everyone around her. “What service do you want?” she asked then pointed to a sign listing the different services offered.
Sherlock pulled John closer and whispered, “John, my cover was blown when I climbed into your hospital bed with you.”
A few moments later the woman came back with a green shinny leather looking pouch. She smiled at Sherlock slyly, as she pulled out a needle and syringe and as she pulled back the plunger, it filled with a green fluid. Sherlock’s hands shook as he rolled up his sleeve. “Hurry, do it. I want to feel the needle in my arm,” Sherlock hissed as he pulled the woman closer.
“Wait a minute, I remember things when I was four. How come I don’t remember her?” Mycroft walked over and sat down in John’s chair. “Get out of John’s chair.”
“About what?”
Sherlock opened his eyes and looked down at his chest; it was not ripped open as he suspected it might be it was smooth, white, untouched. Ignoring the chaos that littered the streets of London in front of 221b Baker Street, Sherlock spotted a figure curled up in a tight ball on the step to his flat. Sherlock ran forward and knelt down, “John?” He whispered.
John strained his ears to hear more, but the woman was definitely spooked.
Jake shook his head and answered, “I have no idea. It smells like boiled dog crap.”
John tossed and turned in his sleep tormented by his dreams. The intensity of the nightmare finally jolted John awake. He gasped and tried to shake off the feeling he was being stalked. A knock on his door brought John fully into the present.
“Ow, I don’t read Chinese.”
He looked exasperated. I stared into John’s blue eyes watching the pupils as they dilated in contrast to his changing physiology. He still had me pinned and I began to feel trapped. “Get off me,” I shouted in a panic.
Sherlock stumbled forward. He then whispered into John’s ear. “Stop it, or do you want me to jerk you off right here in the street?”
In a rare moment of tenderness my brother smooths a dirty lock of hair from my forehead. “Time to go to the clinic,” he whispers.
“Yes, Doctor,” Sherlock said as he breathed in the smell of John’s sweaty neck.
John grinned at Sherlock with an impish quirk to his lips. “The truth is that you can’t bear to be separated from me for a moment.”
"I have you Sherlock."
Tears welled up in her eyes as she looked up at the two of them.
“Wait, I wasn’t looking at you when you first saw me.” Sherlock said and the images paused. Walking up to himself he saw the truth of his smile, the light in his eyes as he looked at John. Shaking his head at himself he turned the other way. “I was looking that way first. I had noticed you before, but then something caused me to turn the other way, to look away from you, just for a moment.”
"He won’t remember."
Standing stock still Sherlock just watches as it raises higher up through the water then very slowly starts to turn. As it does one of its wings passes directly over him and without any hesitancy he lifts his arm and touches it as it passes over. His fingers find the texture of the craft is not hard, but rather soft as the tips push slightly into the exterior.
So John and Cathy sat in the sofa, John finding himself a bit more comfortable with her being so close but she never once tried to touch him. Sherlock sat in the lone arm chair, he sat in the edge as though sitting back was not an option.
"You are needed in London."
"Fuck off!." He growled as he turned to Sherlock. "Go back to London, back to the work and leave me the fuck alone!"
“All hands rig for impact.” John shouts over the intercom. “Seal all exterior hatches! Move it people, now!”
“I’m worried that would set him off, but the more pressing matter is he is immune to his pain killers.”
"I can guess."
"Sherlock please tell me we have no cases, no plans, no... Oh, sorry." John stopped just inside the door taking in Ari as she smiled form his chair.
"Sherlock doesn't know, he doesn't understand."
Sherlock’s eyes didn’t know what to look at first, the dusting of golden hair? The flat tones stomach? The broad shoulders? The amazing spider web scar on his left shoulder? In the end he let his eyes just look into John's.
enjoy!!!!
.~.~.~.~.
“Do you feel up to walking?”
"Ari, you know we both love you right?"
"Now we do what we do best." Sherlock said stopping and turning to face John. "Me and you against the world, right?"
“I was wondering when you and my brother would be joining us.”
"Hold him!" Someone shouted, but John had found his momentum and using his skill as well as the drive behind getting to the one screaming, he was not going to be held again.
“Sherlock?” John had removed a glove, allowing him to place a hand on Sherlock’s face. “Hey, look at me.”
"So, no leaving here unless all that needs to be said on certain topics has been said?" John asked.
"No...please..." she begged as he went to stand. "Please..."
“Okay.” Leaning forward he gently placed a kiss to fevered skin before placing the knife in Sherlock’s hand. “Protect yourself.”
"Of course Cathy." Sherlock’s reflected the nod John was sure he made towards the phycologist as she exited the room.
“Soon, mum said in the next week.” John answered as he picked up a stick and started to drawn in the dirt. “What’s it like?”
She didn't know what John was doing but so Sherlock was panting hard into her mouth, then he arched back so she nipped and licked at his neck.
"John?" Sherlock tried again his hand lifting yet he couldn't bring himself to touch, in fact he hadn't even tried until that moment, but his hand just hovered over John’s before dropping.
John shrugged again but said nothing as he let Sherlock just look at him, to read him.
(2:18am)
So climbing from one tree to the next he started to make his way down to the ground then stopped as he looked down at where the new blond boy had been sat drawing in the dirt. Tilting his head, he frowned and then smiled, the boy had drawn something, something that could only be clearly seen from above, something only he would have been able to truly make out as he climbed down to the ground.
For a moment John looked across the street at him, before walking past Mary and headed down the street.
“Meaning?”
"Oh for god sake John!"
"Do you want us to land till you're happy with his condition?"
"Right, yes of course. Sorry I should never have asked you that."
“Make me forget.” Sherlock said as he threaded his fingers through John’s. “I want to know what it feels like to have you John, all of you. Please, erase what they did with your touch, please John.” John allowed Sherlock to pull him down their lips meeting instinctively and before long they lost themselves to each other.
Another pause, then Sherlock looked up to find John's eyes filled with fear, pain, guilt.
John stood stunned, he had never heard Sherlock talk so passionately about anything, not even the rig and it made it hard not to believe him.
"I know. Come out Sherlock, please. You must be cold and I have clothes waiting for you. We can sit and have tea as well if you like."
"Kiss me." John interrupted, knowing that what Sherlock had to say would break his heart, it would hurt, but first he needed to kiss him.
.~.~.~.~.
The night continued with Mark from the front desk bringing them their take away, a frown and a few stern words about atleast letting him know next time that they had ordered out.
"John you must understand that Sherlock means so much to me, his care has been my responsibility for so long now that I would do anything to have him live, even have a stranger take my place. You will do anything to keep him alive because in less than five seconds you found yourself looking at a man you saw the rest of your life with."
"But...he was doing so well."
"Because that was how long it took in the first place."
"It will-" he stopped himself from talking. He was going to reassure, wanted to tell him that it would be over soon, but that would be a lie, and he had lied too much already. He had promised Sherlock that nothing more would happen to him, that he, John, would keep him safe. All lies, all promises he had broken.
In the end it was Sherlock that stopped it, pulling at John's hand till he stopped and Ari sat back whipping her mouth, a dirty smile on her lips as she watched Sherlock take John in his own mouth. The sound John made was much more sinful than the one he had given her, but she didn't care because damn it was hot just watching the two of them.
The water moves, as though sensing the movement by Mike, looking towards him before moving back to settle right before Sherlock, as though it knew him.
"Why are we in hospital?" Sherlock asked with a slight frown.
"I'm here, John." Sherlock whispered as he shone the light from his phone towards the floor.
"Yes." They both said in unison causing her to smile.
"Just Sherlock." John said quietly as Sherlock ran a thumb over John’s hand, clearly the both of them finding comfort in the contact.
"Sherlock, we need you to wake up. Please just open your eyes, or squeeze my hand." The sensation of his left hand being touched made him look down, but even as he moved his fingers he knew that movement wouldn't translate to his physical body.
John stopped, his hands clasped behind his back as he looked down at Sherlock’s wrist. He forced himself to concentrate on his breathing for a few minutes before unclasping his hands and bringing them around before him.
Seconds later he passed out.
"Maddie told me." He confessed as though it was the worse thing in the world.
“Your name is already different Au-“
“Thanks. No, I can handle it. John... there won't be enough to run the heaters. In a couple hours this place is going to be as cold as a meat locker.”
Sherlock smiled and because it felt like the thing to do, he lent forward to press his lips to John's in a slow tender kiss.
"You are to fix him up, make him as able as possible, in the time you have." The black eyed man said not moving from the wall.
It had been a week since John had fallen asleep next Sherlock for the first time, and doctor Ansari had told them just that morning that he wishes for Sherlock to start moving around. So for today, Sherlock was taking a small walk to the chair right next to his bed.
The door opened as Sherlock's hand got closer and in entered a nurse.
"No...neither do I." Sherlock whispered.
Sherlock had in the last few second fallen unconscious once again, his position straining his chest, making it hard to breath. He had also lost a hell of a lot of blood.
“Go to sleep Sherlock.” John suddenly said as he shifted slightly, careful not to jolt Sherlock too much before settling again with his face pressed up against Sherlock’s neck.
“Because I think I know who you are after, I just need to confirm it.”
*~*~*~*
Before John could react Sherlock grabs his arm.
"No! I need to stay, I need to stay right here!"
Groaning, Sherlock tried to move, but strong hands pinned him down by his shoulders.
John turned to look at him then his blue eyes dark, his expression unreadable. They held each others eyes for a time then Sherlock looked away.
(9:46am) Cathy said you need to get over yourself. JW
"Yes." Sherlock sat up, taking John’s face in his hands. "I can work here, Mycroft has arranged everything so I can do it properly as well as sending a car if I need to nip into London, something I will do when you are due your sessions with Cathy. I wont leave you like that again, I promise and I am so so sorry John."
"Right. But how I'm in already helping?"
The last time he tried it had been almost traumatising for him, he had felt instantly adrift, lost, and useless. How and why that had translated to a panic attack was still something he needed to look at, to understand. But his main concern had been Sherlock so he had pushed it aside, where it been waiting to be looked at ever since.
"I know, but you reacted badly to the sedative." John was running a gentle hand through Sherlock’s hair and somehow Mycroft felt as though he was intruding on something. "Your brother is here."
John would wake soon, to find Sherlock alive.
“In a sense, yes. But he wanted his brother’s new friend, his new protector to be safe. He pulled a lot of strings that night.”
“Right, this could take a while to stitch.”
"I saved you coffee, and I convinced the cook to make you something when you got here."
Bitting back the whimper that threatened, Sherlock tried to get his mind to work, tried to think of a solution, to find a way out. But Moran had always been able to stop his thought processes with pure fear.
“I won’t back down on this John. What I saw was real and if it means you need to believe that I am high then so be it.”
"Then I guess I'll just have to bring you back."
"Hey, breathe, just breathe Sherlock."
"John." Mycroft turned to the army doctor who was gently talking to Sherlock as he tried to keep him calm. Deep blue eyes looked up at him for a second before returning to Sherlock. However, Mycroft got his answer, John trusted Doctor Ansari and so because of that his main priority now was Sherlock’s state of mind, not his body, that responsibility now fell to the hospital staff that had thus far kept Sherlock alive.
Back in the moonpool the lights dim down to emergency lighting causing John to grab the dive mike. “Lock, how're you doing? Sherlock?”
"Sherlock?"
John looked up at Sherlock as he was brought closer and then long pale hands cupped his face. “Don’t fight them.” He whispered.
Still on holiday, but have a break so wrote some fluff. Enjoy x x
He smiled as John lent forward and kissed him, really kissed him. Sighing he ran his hands up John’s arms, kissing him back until he became dizzy. Pulling back he took in a deep breath, his eyes still closed as John ran his fingers softly over Sherlock’s face.
"Sherlock...oh god." John's voice was distant, panicked but he couldn’t respond as the body behind him kept him pinned and submissive as it did what it wanted.
"He's trapped in it." John stated simply.
"Cab One, radiation readings?" Coffey asks over the com.
“You too.”
Sherlock tightened his hold, his eyes closing as he faught tears.
"Later then?" Sherlock asked with a sly grin.
John smiled. He was slightly different now, his skin more golden, his hair softer looking, his eyes bright and so deep Sherlock thought to lose himself in them.
Sherlock held onto John’s arms as he found himself unable to response as before he could John was pulling at his clothing as he bit and lick at Sherlock’s neck. Soon Sherlock’s coat and shirt where open and John moved his mouth to his chest giving it the same attention he gave his neck.
"Yeah."
The crew moves through the Leviathan with practiced ease, each moving to their area and carrying out lock down procedures.
"J...John."
So, back to the action, enjoy.
The door suddenly opened, a hand grabbed his coat pulling him into the flat.
"No." Sherlock answered, not looking away from John.
"It...I can't! It keeps falling away!"
"John, this Ari Sar, she is," he looked from John back to her as she did the same to him.
"Leviathan here, we are all settled Greg."
"Only you can answer that. I'm just here to keep you calm, remember."
"Really?"
“I think they're from some place that has similar conditions to the lower sea floor. Cold, intense pressure. No light.” He shakes his head smiling at the thought of something other than human holding such great intelligence and technology.
“Yes, right, sorry, Molly,” Sherlock muttered. Ignoring Molly a moment longer, he continued to watch John walk away. An odd sensation deep in his stomach shook him as he realized he would never see the man again.
John tilted his head back from his position on the grass to watch as Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“Sherlock has become immune to his current pain killer, I only just noticed before we got talking about the man in the video.”
Standing stock still John took a few deep calming breaths before following Sherlock into the control room. Already Sherlock was messing with controls muttering to himself as he went.
"Mycroft." Sherlock sighed.
“Sherlock, I’m right here, open your eyes.” Leaning down lower he placed both his hands on Sherlock’s face his thumbs gently running over those impressive cheekbones. “Wake up.” John ordered, his voice louder and more commanding. “Sherlock Holmes open your god damn eyes and wake up!”
“I…” John sighed and shook his head. “Thanks, but no, I’m fine for now.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock frowned as he looked between his brother and John
"Steven." She whispered pushing the syringe into Stevens hand. He nodded and made his way to Sherlock, administrating the sedative quickly. He then helped Mycroft with moving a now passed out Sherlock onto the bed next to John.
He held back the smile he felt as the man frowned and moved from his position.
"Sherlock that was two days ago. You have woken a few times since then, but you weren't handling the pain like you are now."
"Sherlock." John said as Molly walked passed him squeezing his arm slightly as she did so.
“About the phone?” Mycroft pulled a phone from his case, a phone in a pink case. “Yes, I know.”
"Through there, first door you come to on your right. I'll leave some clothes outside for you."
"K..."
"Yes."
In the hours since John had woken, five nurses, one doctor and one phycologist had visted. John had only spoken to them, one word answers in a dead emotionless voice. His normally vivid blue eyes had darkened to almost black pools, closing of all doors to his feelings, giving nothing away.
God he wanted to, he really wanted nothing more than to have Sherlock warm and pliant under him, over him, in him, around him, he wanted it so badly, but he couldn’t, not yet.
"Yes...Mycroft has a great facility you could use."
"You need to lower the dosage till he wakes slightly then put him back under."
"John there are at least seven dead bodies-"
"MaCormick's man did a right job on Sherlock." That was Moran.
"Fuck you." The man growled only to be hit hard over the head with the butt of the gun.
"You have been out of it for nearly three days."
Two days later John was changing his bandages.
Sherlock tried to keep his breathing as even as possible, even as he listened to John and compression of what he was saying took hold. Gritting his teeth, he turned back to his brother.
“Seawater.” He mutters, not shocked at all by that fact.
"Sherlock has a unique mind, he is able to store and access practically everything he comes across. He of course will choose to forget things he finds boring or dull, he likes to call it deleting, as if his brain is just one big computer, but it is simply he forgets it." Mycroft's whole demeanour suddenly changed back to the ice cold one. "John I will only ask this once. Will you stay with him?"
“But the issue here Sherlock is that this locked room does not hold a body and it is currently locked, not unlocked, and we are currently the ones locked in it!”
Feeling himseld harden he panicked and turned his head away from the kiss.
As he switched the TV off John moved, then blinked open his eyes.
Sherlock narrowed his then shook his head.
Closing his eyes, he lent his head back against the chair he was in before picking up his scotch and taking a long pull on it. How the hell we he to do what he needed to do with John here?
.~.~.~.~.
Mycroft was at Sherlock’s side instantly, holding his brother up.
It was true though, he was a coward, a man who couldn't bring himself to listen as voicemail after voicemail was left.
"What is his plan with Sherlock?" John asked stepping into the bathroom.
“Trust me.” John simply said.
John tilted his head a small frown on his face. “You didn’t know I would be here?”
"John, you had-"
"Yes it was, now go back to your husband." She giggled pushing John away but he held her fast his hand going to her stomach.
Moriarty slowly lifted himself up and turned to John a smile on his face. “I don’t doubt that John, I really don’t. But your time is up, it now my time to have some fun. Take them both to the second floor, get Sherlock ready and make sure John has the perfect view.”
Sherlock relaxed, his head lowering to bury his nose into John's hair as the tears slowly slid down his face.
The smile left his lips, his blue eyes going from sparkling waters to dull swamp. His grip on Sherlock lessened and then he let go entirely, shifting ever so slightly away from him.
John laughed even as the tears broke free. “You still up for the second date?”
"Okay."
Blinking slowly he took in slow deep breaths, trying with all his might to hold onto his sanity, to keep the air of calm around him so that he could continue to pretend so that he could just make it through the next half an hour without exploding, without screaming as he left the room that was far too full of people.
“John.”
“Sherlock?” He asked turning to look down at the man but his eyes caught the computer screen as it showed people getting on and off the train, one man in particular caught his attention.
"I still can't seem to get over the fact that your heart beats." John whispered after a period of silence.
"Why didn't you stop it then?" Sherlock growled as he glared at her.
"God damn it!!!" Grabbing Dimmock he turned him so he could see his face just as Stevens and Monk arrived.
"I'm sure."
Sherlock searched his eyes. He didn't know what it was he was after, what he searched for but he found it. Guilt, sorrow, heartache.
"Well then, I think in that case I will just count my blessings." John's hand moved gently over Sherlock’s arm and he could feel him trembling slightly.
“Kiss me.” Sherlock suddenly demands. “Kiss me John, you said you would, so do it.”
"I swear to whatever higher power exist, that if you dont do something, I will not be held responsible for my next action."
"This here's the bottomless pit mate." Mike answers. "Two and a half miles straight down."
“Sherlock is having a flash back of the explosion.” He stated simply.
Small, not sweet, defiantly not happy, but lady's and gent's meet John Watson.
“You live up there don’t you?”
"I'm here to guide, the help. And the first thing that needs to happen is just for the two of you to talk, to reconnect on a verbal level."
"Damn it Mycroft! I said no!"
"What do you mean?"
John shook his head, lowering it till it was pressed to Sherlock’s shoulder. “How are you remembering all this?”
"Yes Maddie?"
Moran had Sherlock pressed up against the wall,  a knife to his throat while his free hand was fighting with the buckle on Sherlock's belt.
"Ah, there you are, no idea how I missed that."
"And what was that?"
“I challenge him.” Sherlock answered.
"Well we dated for a few months,  dinners, cinema-"
"Right, so a few more weeks of taking it easy."
Lifting a hand John moves it to Sherlock’s hair as Sherlock leans his forehead against John's chest.
“Now Sherlock, this is going to hurt.” Moriarty nodded and Moran picked up the length of rope attached to Sherlock’s wrists, while the black eyed man picked up that attached to his ankles. At the same time, they both pulled, hard, stretching out Sherlock’s arms and legs causing every wound, every broken bone, every bruise to waken, as well as dislocating at least one of Sherlock’s shoulders. The scream that filled the room made John feel sick, but he watched, he took note and he pledged to the man screaming that he would do so much more to those hurting him.
"Of course John." She raised her hand again and when she touches his arm she smiled down at it. "This really is excellent progress John, I'm really proud of you."
"Yeah, but you probably wont remember this so I can be forgiven."
(2:45am) Dodgy dealings? I mean he did do bad things for people...or got them to do bad things using black mail. Were they all politicians? JW
"You're here."
John frowned as he continues to run his fingers over Sherlock’s hand, listening as the doctor talked, but already knowing everything.
John sat in the chair by the head of the bed, his hand gently running over the back of Sherlock’s hand while he looked out the window. At least here he could see outside, in the ICU ward they kept the curtains closed, keeping the room dark.
Okay so I couldn't write the horrible stuff, I think because part of me really doesn't want to know what John does to Moriarty, so have fun coming up with your own interpretation of what goes on.
Closing his eyes, he felt tears building, the lump in his throat returning.
Demarco doesn’t so much as flinch as Greg shouts something that just infuriates Greg even more but rather than shouting he just looks at his watch and says every swear word he has learnt in his forty odd years.
“Damn it.” He whispers and Sherlock smiles the first smile John had truly seen.
"I'll talk to John about this."
Sherlock’s eyes opened, only for a few seconds, before they closed again and the hand still holding John's wrist lossened slightly.
"Coma." Sherlock repeated testing the word on his tongue. He had been in several states of un-wakefulness, from just sleeping to passed out, but never a coma, never the state of truly being trapped. "Coma does make sense."
I hear you shout. “Mycroft, this isn’t good for him. I’ve changed my mind. I don’t want him locked up.”
I smile. “We will.”
John felt weak in the knees, but none the less managed to speak, as he pointed to a photograph of a dark haired beautiful woman on his nightstand, “She wouldn’t like it.”
Sherlock went numb with shock when John pulled out his sword and began to cut the gang member down. Sherlock couldn't tell whether the man was screaming for mercy or just screaming, however, the site that froze Sherlock with horror was the site of John reveling in the kill. John’s eyes were full of lust as he let the blood from the dying man’s throat spray all over him. Sherlock sank to the ground in despair, trying to shut out the crazed look on John’s face.
Sherlock let his fingers dance lightly across John’s forehead. “Yes, John, I know,” he whispered as he kissed the top of John’s head. As Sherlock stroked John his thoughts became dark and fearful.  “John, I want you to know something. I want you to know that we will face the future together and that no matter what happens, I will stand with you and by you. John? John, did you hear me?” Sherlock asked lightly, his voice was still hoarse from screaming. John didn’t respond for he was fast asleep in Sherlock’s arms.
“Well, why didn’t you say so in the first place?”
“Now John, tell me why you don’t believe that Sherlock is alive and well?”
Sherlock took the rotor cipher out of her hands. “Not all of them. This one is special.”
I must have fallen asleep for I open my eyes. I hear someone calling my name.
Sherlock’s heart beat a little faster as he fought to control the ball of fear that churned in his stomach. John had been sound asleep, so how was it that he came awake that quickly? Sherlock knew that John had a soldier’s ability to switch gears from sleep to fighting mode quickly. However, even a soldier at peak efficiency had a delayed reaction to any given situation. John was instantly awake.
Annette nodded. “ I trust him implicitly.”
We go through the final check out process, then we wheel Anderson out to the curb and wait for a cab. The cab arrives and while we help Anderson in, he clenches his jaw in pain. A sheen of perspiration gathers on his upper lip. You ease him into the seat, but I can tell that the ride is going to be a painful one for him. Once again guilt washes over me.
John popped an olive into his mouth and then answered in a downcast tone, “Fine, let’s just go to sleep, then.”
John leaned back against Sherlock as he was fed him pita bread and hummus. “John, you are my dearest one, but alas we must confront the case. While you were sleeping Hugh texted me and Laura has taken the bait. She has set up a meet with him to provide evidence that will expunge his record. The game is on my dear Doctor.”
Nina chatted nonstop on the way back to their penthouse. “Now, Sherlock let me take a look at you. Hmm that purple shirt is a bit wrinkled, but it will have to do for the interview.”
I press my fingers over my bandaged palm. “Thanks for this,” I say. I am about to say something hateful but the sorrowful look in his eyes stops me.
“John, wait for me.” Sherlock yelled to no avail, John was already downstairs. When John got downstairs, the front door was kicked in and Mrs. Hudson lay cowering in a corner. The Golem towered over her, and then turned around as John entered the foyer.
Before Sherlock could answer back, Clare interrupted, “We need to pick up the pace if we are going to get to cover before nightfall.”
“She’s with the nanny and when they get back they are going straight to the nursery.”
“John now is the time. Follow my lead.” I command. I then unbutton my shirt. The moonlight glints off of my nipple ring. I pull a crack pipe out of my pocket and light it up. It’s just tobacco. I take a long drag. Then I hand it to you. My eyes never leave your face as your lips enclose around the mouth piece. You cough and sputter, then hand the pipe back to me. I snatch it from you. I want to taste your saliva that lingers on the metal. I look at you again. The men are upon us. I put the pipe down. Then I take your face between my hands and kiss you. I only withdraw my lips long enough to whisper in your ear. “John, go with me on this.”
When Sherlock next opened his eyes he lay strapped down on a gurney. Doctor Dunkle looked down at him. “Sherlock, you are a fine boy with a fine mind. You are the only patient to come out of solitary unscathed. Unlike your friend Daniel. He was weak and is now paying the price for it.”
Anderson opens his mouth to speak but I hold two fingers to his lips before they can issue forth their oral message. “No talking, just sleep. Goodnight, Anderson.”
When Sherlock joined the Shaman and John in the front room, he looked bored, yet alert. “Damn, look at him,” John thought angrily. The anger only lasted for a second as another thought wound its way into John’s mind, “Did Sherlock even care for him? Was he even capable of such an emotion, or am I the ultimate puzzle, something to solve and then toss aside.” The thought made John want to hide under the house like he used to do as a child, so that he could avoid a beating.
Sherlock placed a knee on each side of John’s hips, placing kisses along his neck as he whispered, “Hope.”
John sighed, fighting the urge to strangle the stupid messenger, “Fine, the scout reported that the horsemen and their armies are just up ahead, come, let’s proceed.”
Anderson begins to laugh. “Sherlock, you are such a prick. I tried to hang myself with your scarf. It was found at St. Bart’s, at the scene of…Well, you know. The material gave way and I fell to the ground. When I came to I was alone with your bloody scarf still wrapped around my neck. So, yes I was too stupid to commit suicide.”
Sherlock smirked when the starched material came into view. “Still getting your hankies ironed I see.”
Sherlock looked towards a darkened street. “That way,” he said as he turned John’s chair around.
John’s message read. “Sweetheart can’t wait to see you, be at the dock counting the seconds.”
"As long as you accept mine." Sherlock countered.
The light from the overhead lighting caused the strands upon John’s hair to go from golden blond to dull brown whenever he passed under it. His eyes watching as the nurses went about cleaning Sherlock for the first time since the explosion, as well as changing his bandages. When one of the nurses picked up a brush to comb through those tangled curls John stopped and stared. The nurse looked up at that moment and smiled holding the brush out to him.
As the music increased in tempo Sherlock settled slightly, the creases easing, but his fists still clenched and he breathing ragged as he pulled in much needed air.
"He came to ask me something but stopped as he saw me on the phone. I don't know if he was waiting for me to finish but in the end I called and left messages, deleting each one, several times before he made himself known. I was mad at first but as he talked I realised that I couldn't lead him on anymore, that before me was someone so close to loving me but I was unable to give it back. So I let him go. I..." He stopped taking taking in a shuddering breath. "That day was the day I realised I wouldn't live for much longer."
Another knock came causing Sherlock to growl against John’s neck the vibrations sending a shiver down John's spine.
"John, Sherlock has asked me here to help with somethings."
“Sorry.” He whispered, but loud enough for her to hear.
“Yeah, but for now, if it helps with his pain it is a good thing.”
"Don’t Watson." Moran warned as John faced him. "Not worth it."
Sherlock studied him for a moment before standing and closing the distance between them, but not moving too close.
“Of course I am.” John almost shouted. Mary's eyes reacted, sending a wave of guilt through John that caused him to lean against the wall, tilting his head back and hitting it against the wall.
John never leaves, he is there each and every time he opens his eyes. John had become his clock, his time reference, he knew if time had passed between him closing and opening his eyes simply by how John looked.
"That is because that is not a star."
Keeping his eye on the two men coming towards he kept on moving back and back. He had an idea, a stupid one, but in the far corner to his left there was old machines gathered together, he just needed to get to them before they worked out what he had planned.
"Because the damage was already done!" Sighing she finally moved, uncrossing her legs and running a hand through her hair. "I'm sorry Sherlock, this wasn't all your fault and I am blaming it on you when I shouldn't."
"Yes! Yes, when?"
“I know him.” He blurted causing both the Holmes brothers to turn to him.
“Heeyy!! HHHEEEYYY!!”
“Need some help?” John finally asks.
The choice in the end was taken from them.
“Do you remember that night you came back? I punched you, I punched you and tackled you to the ground not knowing about your back, not knowing that you were still recovering, still in pain, you hid it so well. Do you remember the night we kissed, that first time, I was so mad at you, so scared and so bloody happy I just had to kiss you, just had to show you, to make you understand?” A sob escaped John then causing him to bury his head in curls that smelt of expensive shampoo, cigarettes and the one thing that was uniquely Sherlock.
"Do you realise, that everyone you know, someday will die?"
"So leave because I ask it of you."
"Brusing." Sherlock answered with a sigh. "Clear brusing where she had been strangled, but older bursing is just under it."
"I'm fine."
"Why do you think that?" Doctor Ansari asked folding his arms.
“That thing was probably their version of Big Geek... like an ROV.” Molly said as Beany ran over her shoulder.
Unable to help himself, he let his deductions flow as the scenario unfolded before his eyes: small, blond, perhaps only a few years older than his own eighteen years, unusual strength to his shoulders and upper body, someone only a fool would take on. The woman, also small and blonde and not unlike the man in boldness, stood her ground. An affair, hers, an act the man had only learned this night, the very night he planned to propose.
