needed Dean, if Dean hadn’t stripped him of all that power in the first place, hadn’t persuaded Cas to bat for a shitty, losing team and fight a shitty, losing war.
Sam cuts him off. He doesn't want to hear the end of the sentence. "It won't," he swears, and finds that he believes himself. Maybe he does have a little faith left, after all.
"Dunno," says Dean. "Apparently Jack brought him back and he asked to be dropped there." He walks past Sam into the kitchen, rummaging through the fridge. It's looking pitifully empty and he jots a mental note to make a grocery run soon. Apocalypse averted and all, but they still gotta eat.
. He just...it was hard, Dean, being in the Bunker, without you. Sam and I, we were both so focused on finding you, and...well. When we couldn't accomplish that, we—he felt—it seemed it might be more effective to split our efforts. We both...I think we both needed space." He doesn't add how shell-shocked Sam's departure had left him, how lost he'd felt standing outside the Bunker as the Impala receded into the distance, a black gleam on the horizon. "Sam didn't stop hunting, and he didn't stop...looking for you. We just...looked in separate directions."
, he's telling the truth,” says the antennaed fey in front of Dean, their voice high and lilting. The tendrils around their face sway slightly towards Sam, as if reacting to the sound of his voice; the motion makes Dean think inexplicably of reeds in a river.
"Goodbye, Dean," says Castiel, angel of the Lord, and he puts his hands on Dean. Castiel, angel of the Lord, throws Dean to the ground, and the unfathomable love in his eyes is enough to unravel Dean at the seams.
"Dean!" Castiel leans in, using his weight to keep Dean from jackknifing off the bed onto the floor. "It's me!"
He staggers away from the Impala, braces one hand against the signpost. Tries not to hyperventilate. Stares out over the edge of the cliff, at the forested ravine far beneath, the valley beyond that stretches out to the hazy blue horizon—all of it might as well be a fucking painting, for all the
). Thank you everyone who stuck with the story and came back to read each chapter, thank you THANK you everyone who commented and everyone who commented MULTIPLE TIMES, literally adding years to my lifespan. I really hope you enjoyed this final chapter with its combination of fluff and angst, and please if you're so inclined let me know what you thought of it and of the fic as a whole!
The hallucination of Dean simply stares at him, expression unreadable in the dim light. Castiel cranes his neck, but he can't see Raz anywhere—not in the cell, not in the corridor, not in the cell's open doorway. He supposes the demon could be standing in the shadows at the back of the cell, where Castiel can't see without moving and jostling his wings. Standing with a smirk and a knife, waiting to reveal himself. Eyes fixated on Castiel's limp wings.
, and now Cas is a cosmic being, a fundamental girder of the universe made incarnate, and whatever Cas felt, whatever
Dean can't remember a damn thing. He rakes one hand through his damp hair, tries to breathe. "I guess."
Dean blinks. His soul surges midnight-blue and palest pink, but his expression veers toward distaste as he grumbles, "This is some chick-flick shit you're giving me right now, Cas."
Which, well. Brings them back to the situation at hand, Dean supposes. He turns to rake his eyes over Jack, who...looks the same, honestly. A little out of place. A little awkward, a little too earnest, a little too kind.
pretty good—and Cas looks endearing as hell right now. (There’s a smudge of brown sugar on Cas’s temple and god help him, he wants to lick it off right here in front of everyone.)
"Cas—" Sam's there beside them suddenly, his face still a little ashen, only partially on its way to regaining color. Cas finally releases Dean's wrists, turning to Sam with a glad smile and immediately getting pulled into a hug that looks crushingly tight.
Castiel ignores both of them, keeping his eyes trained on the ceiling. Some of the cuts and knife wounds have closed by now, scabbing over under the diminished but persistent effort of his grace. The gold ooze, though, left long pink-white stripes like chemical burns, winding around his torso and arms, running in one long straight line down his bare leg.
Dean's soul shivers a little, blooming in purple and gold. But he doesn't say anything, not for several long minutes as the two of them lie slotted together in the darkness.
“What do you need us to do?” says Sam, and Dean can hear the decision in Sam’s voice, knows that his brother has weighed their choices, as he has. Knows that Sam, like Dean, has decided this is their best option. In the end, it doesn’t matter if Michael is trying to play them—they don’t have any other cards at the moment, not to mention that they apparently aren’t even back
Dean closes his eyes and tilts his head all the way to the side, exposing the curve of his throat. Castiel is caught by the clean line of it, by the memory of his own mouth on that line, only a few hours ago. He screams silently against the spell, flinging his grace at it. He hadn't known it was like this. Dean hadn't said. (Of course Dean hadn't said.) He'd known the vampires fed off Dean, of course, but he hadn't
. The sky is lightening, but he doesn't want to leave while Dean sleeps, leave Dean alone to face whatever terrors might haunt his dreams. Deciding he'll get supplies later, he settles into the chair and waits.
The smirk is back, deepening into a slow grin, and Castiel slowly stretches one hand out along the pillow to his bedside table, rummaging in its single drawer and pulling something out. A fucking
Dean hits the ground and he rolls, fluid despite the ache from old wounds, the stiffness from aging joints. He comes up on the balls of his feet and spins back around, just as the black portal in the wall foments and surges and shoots out two metallic tendrils of itself.
He lands in an ungainly heap on a flat surface and for several long moments he can't do much more than curl into a juddering ball, hands clawing at what feels like earth, lungs seizing around damp woodsy air. The sensory overload is—significant.
They stop for gas a couple counties over and catch wind of a case. Vampires, it sounds like. Dean looks at Sam over the top of the Impala and shrugs. It’s not like they’re in a hurry.
"We beat him," Dean says, hoarsely. "Cas, we..." He closes his eyes for a moment. A muscle works in his jaw. "We tried everything, after. We were
It’s a good, rousing fight, the kind that’s just iffy enough to send adrenaline crackling like lightning through Dean’s veins, the kind where he’ll leave it a little bruised but not badly injured.
It's not shut—it's open, just a few inches. Not like an invitation, exactly. But like a possibility. Like a hope.
Castiel had opened his eyes at the sound of footsteps entering his cell. Now he studies the torch-lit image of Dean wavering in front of him. He cracks a smile that tugs his split lip back open. This again.
Dean looks at Castiel over the top of the gun, his eyes wild. Castiel curls his fingers into fists. If he thought the gun would do anything, he'd tell Dean to pull the damn trigger, but it's not loaded with witch-killing bullets.
Castiel hesitates. The last thing he wants to do is injure Dean further, even if it's the most expedient method of healing him. "Or we could wait for them to heal," he offers. "These would become less effective the less fresh they are, so I'm guessing the vampires had to redo them."
Castiel looks suspiciously at Raz, waiting for some catch, some even worse torment. But the demon says nothing, seemingly intent on his work, scooping up more of the salve with his fingers and spreading it over Castiel's skin.
"I thought you wouldn't come for me," says Dean, his voice cracking. "Figured you thought I was dead, by then."
Dean knots his jaw, fighting back the torrent of grief that threatens to cut his knees out from under him. What is this, some kind of fucked up memorial service?
But they’re gone, vanishing over the treetops in the distance. Dean lets the shotgun barrel drop to his side and forces himself to simultaneously lower his free hand, which had come up to clutch at his hair. When he turns, it’s only to find that the battle has concluded, the last of the leviathan no more than twitching corpses on the ground. Eileen is crouched beside the one that had tackled Dean, wiping the blade of her machete on its jacket. She looks up, scanning the clearing with a grim expression that flickers momentarily into sympathy when her gaze meets Dean’s.
"They fit well," says Castiel, noting with satisfaction that he'd guessed Dean's measurements correctly.
There's a long moment during which Cas doesn't say anything, and then he gives a quick, jerky nod. His chin drops almost to his chest, his fingers tightening on Dean's arms, and his wings curve around towards Dean like the dark, graceful limbs of some feathered tree.
"I'm so sorry, Dean," he mutters. He grabs the nearest flailing arm, ignoring Dean's frantic attempts to pull free.
The hallway stutters like a bad television feed. The ceiling becomes, for just a split second, a blink-and-you-miss-it moment, the night sky.
It's never more than the four original demons, for which he is grateful. Most of the time all four of them join in, although there are days they take turns hanging back to jeer at Castiel while egging each other on. He prefers when they come as a group. When Raz comes alone, the torment takes on an edge of intimacy that makes Castiel's skin crawl. He likes to crouch behind Castiel and pull him up close with a hand around his throat, so that Castiel is pressed flush against him while Raz reaches around to trace a knifepoint idly over his chest and stomach.
It seems to take forever but Dean finally gets hold of a foil condom packet and the small bottle of aforementioned lube. He coats his fingers and reaches below the hem of his skirt, hissing a little at the cold as he opens himself up. Castiel, meanwhile, already has the condom in hand and is rolling it onto himself with surprising dexterity considering the blindfold.
Dean jerks awake, starting upright in the motel room bed. The sheets are soaked in sweat. Someone is crying out, a sound of unfathomable loss and sorrow.
"Cas, come on, if there's something I can tell you to make you believe me, just let me know what it is, alright? You want me to tell you the last movie I made you watch, or—?"
, a knife blade's edge of it, a crack in the darkness. Castiel levers himself toward it. It's faint and washed-out like a dying fluorescent bulb, but it's enough. Castiel did make a bargain, yes, but he's bent and broken more than bargains, before. He'll let the Empty take what it wants from him—whatever it wants, as much as it wants, not all of him is going to fit through that pale and flickering rent in the void anyway—but he's not going to stay.
Dean screams, or maybe Castiel screams, a sound that's cut off by a hand over his mouth, as the dark-haired vampire hisses, "You make a shitty prisoner, sweetheart. So from now on you're just our blood bag. This is the last thing you'll ever hear, so remember it: you're spending the rest of your pathetic life in this room with us. You're never getting out. You don't have a name. You don't have a body. You're a fucking meal in a skin and we own you."
Castiel's grace pulls free with a howl, flooding through his cells. It's weakened from being pinioned for so long, and he can feel it struggling to heal his many wounds, but it's enough for him to dematerialize his wings, and he does so with a half-sob, yanking them out of the realm of visibility with a shudder of relief.
“Guess we can take a drive, see if the rest of the planet is still walking around,” Dean snorts. He tugs his jacket more securely around him—why is the Bunker so goddamn frigid? “Kind of want to take a drive anyway.”
Dean has been baking for what feels like 24 goddamn hours, as he expresses to Cas between enthusiastic kisses, and he deserves, he
An ugly gold car ambles past them, pulls out of the gas station and glides away. Dean tracks it with his eyes. Memory hits him like a steel-toed boot to the solar plexus. "Don't do this," he gasps, the words ripped out of his throat on reflex.
"They’re gonna have to take it or leave it,” says Adam drily, and Dean must be getting used to talking to two people at once because he doesn’t even startle at the change this time. Adam blinks and shifts the set of his jaw, and it’s Michael who sighs next and adds, “I’m sure some explanations will be needed. But...well, we are what we are.”
"Cas?" he calls, low. There's no answer. Something cold starts to twine through him, a tiny lick of uncertainty.
” Dean sits up straighter so that he can lean into Cas’s space, and it all comes bubbling up, all that grief, all that sorrow, all that memory.
I am?" He jabs a stubby finger in their general direction. "You think you and your little coalition are gonna—what, kick me out of the world that
The fates take pity on Castiel; he passes out before long, the pain of his wings too much when combined with the horror of Raz's hand on them. Even with his grace fettered, his wings maintain a particularly strong connection to his true form; Raz's demonic touch is corruption, agony, an attack on his essence that he is powerless to fight. After interminable minutes of Raz wrenching and yanking on feathers and ligaments, a piercing pain near the base of his right wing burns out every coherent thought in his brain and he blacks out.
“Maybe two more days,” says Dean. He hums along to the radio station—Seger, something boisterous and exultant.
Glistening black tar flows suddenly from its eyes and mouth. Dean jerks back in shock, watches as the dark metallic substance flows like water into the shadows where the wall meets the floor, seeping away as if it were never there at all.
"Never thought I'd see an angel down on its belly like that," he hears the tall demon saying. "High and mighty as they are."
in glasses. So when he finds what looks like a spare pair of the hellhound-seeing glasses in a box of dusty Men of Letters paraphernalia that he's sorting through, he glances surreptitiously around the empty kitchen and slips them on. He cranes his neck a little, checking himself out in the nearest reflective surface, and makes a mental note to model these for Cas later.
He straightens, boxers crushed in one hand, and makes it three steps toward the bedroom door when a gravelly voice says from behind him, "You're just gonna leave?"
Castiel shakes his head in panic. "I can't leave," he whispers, panicked. Raz has touched his wings. Raz will find him. Castiel will lead him right to the Winchesters. "You have to leave me, you can't take me with you, Raz will, he'll find me, he'll—"
"You'll be okay," says Sam, frantic, his phone already in his free hand, "let me, let me call an ambulance, just hang on—"
(on a more serious note, I sincerely hope everyone's enjoying the story so far—thank you SO much all for the comments and responses, they've really warmed my heart and I'm so encouraged by them! you're all amazing <3)
Dean thinks to himself that it's absurd, really, that this is so hard. He just killed God, for crying out loud. He just killed freaking
Dean has an arm around him, a hand braced against Castiel's bare chest. Dean is speaking soothingly in his ear. "Cas, relax, Sam's keeping a lookout, we just gotta get your clothes back on and hustle out of here, c'mon."
That isn’t what happens. What happens is that he slams almost immediately into a jut of rock—there's a crack and a flare of shattering agony in the vicinity of his ribcage—and then he's rebounding off of it and careening head over heels down the slant of the cliff face.
is probably an understatement, he thinks, wincing internally as he remembers the injuries Cas had healed.
. They weren't witches. They couldn't regenerate. You killed my nest, and you took our property, and now you're going to watch while I take it back."
Under the bone-pale skin of Cas's abdomen, where his ribcage gives way to the curve of his sunken belly, something moves.
, Cas," Dean says furiously. His soul bristles, heat surging through it. "You would've found me eventually, you should've let him take me, that was the whole
And then, suddenly, it's over. They win. They save the world, one more time. Chuck is gone, and everyone is back. Stumbling, gasping, startled. Alive.
"You love him," says Sam. His voice is clotted with tears. He holds Dean, his hands so incredibly steady on Dean's shoulders. Dean wonders how Sam is so steady, with the whole room shaking the way it is. "You
He hurries back to the corner where he'd parked but ends up standing next to his truck, keys in his hand, something nagging at him. While he's fiddling with the keys and trying to remember what, if anything, he's forgotten, the bar across the street spits out a handful of customers, most of them moving in the uneven gait of the thoroughly intoxicated. A few of the figures cross the street toward him, and as they get closer he sees that they're all women, wearing high heels and pulling jackets over clothes ill-suited for the cool night air.
"I'm not a child, Cas," Dean snaps into the pillow. He tugs the covers up to his jaw, hiding the bruises on his throat and back. "Gonna try to sleep a few more hours before the sun gets any higher, alright? Do me a favor and don't
“We...didn’t think about them at all,” says Sam slowly. “How could that...we didn’t think about them, and we didn’t think about Cas, we just—”
Dean wasn't made for love, he was made for war. And so he fights, there in the back of his head, a tiny, immense, desperate war.
"Still," Castiel echoes. He studies Dean. Feels anew the throbbing discomfort under the bandages, and has to suppress a quake of fear. "Dean, how much..."
“It wasn’t us that time, right?” says Sam. He shrugs. “It’s not like we had another weird weapon stashed in the back seat—”
him, dammit!” The leviathan levers itself up onto its hands and knees, glaring daggers at Dean; Eileen lunges out of the corner of Dean’s vision and half-severs its head with a two-handed stroke of her machete. It collapses onto its elbows, jerking like a pinned beetle. Eileen makes an irritated face and brings the blade down again, hacking at the spinal cord.
Then, after what could have been many eternities or just one, a pang of agony comes that isn't his own. It's a judder of pain and terror and grief, shot through with a raw longing that's as forked and intricate as an electric discharge—and incredibly, impossibly, in this place where Castiel should be abandoned to nothing but his own sorrows—none of it is his. He
"I love you," Dean says, firmly, and it's like strings are being cut loose in his chest. Tension he didn't know he'd been carrying, for years maybe, easing free, sliding away like a tide going out. Cas doesn't
"He sends me a message occasionally," says Castiel. "He's hard to contact, Dean. You know that Sam can become...focused." He neglects to mention, here, that Sam's texts and calls had gotten fewer and farther between as the months passed, the words becoming more curt and distant, less and less being exchanged beyond the terse
Dean is pressing himself as far into the corner of the trailer as the manacles will allow, his feet scrabbling against the floor. Panicked, terrified sounds are jerking out of him. Castiel gives up trying to hold on to him and sits back on his heels.
Dean unbuckles his belt with trembling fingers that he wills to be still. He passes it under the tabletop and buckles it closed over Cas's legs, just above the knees.
Alright, so maybe Dean forgot that there were different sign languages and that Cas would be fluent in all of them—sue him.
Castiel's barely aware of moving, only that between one instant and the next he's beside Sam and Dean, the three of them an awful, biblical tableau, Sam's hand coming up to clutch at Castiel's sleeve even as Dean draws in one more rattling breath from where he's hung up on a beam like a sacrificial animal—
, from Chuck's twisted designs, his awful power fantasies. “No gods, no epic plans, no storylines. Just us.”
Cas sulks while Dean disentangles himself and takes the pie out, and then sulks some more when he burns his tongue trying to taste the bubbling caramel oozing out from under the hot crust. Dean plants a kiss on the top of his head and shoos him away—he needs to set up the meat thermometer for the roast and Cas’s scowl is entirely too distracting.
be looking for him—or they know where he is, already, and are searching for a way into Asmodeus's sanctum.
He'd at least retrieved the towel from the bathroom, wrapping it more securely around his waist, and he's still wearing Castiel's coat, but it hangs open in front and nothing is hiding the now-unmarked skin of Dean's chest and stomach. Castiel doesn't trust himself to look. He hadn't known what to make of Dean's desire, other than to surmise that after so long in captivity Dean's sexual urges had to be at the forefront of his mind, in the way that the other physical requirements of the human body—food, water, rest, oxygen—clamored loudly to be satisfied once too much time had passed. He'd been even less ready for the answering rush of his
He still has no idea what the exchange might have been, what Gadreel might have said to Sam and vice versa. But at the climax of their tense car ride back from the hospital, when Dean couldn't take Sam's stony expression and simmering anger any longer, he'd thrown up his hands and snapped, "Okay, Sam, tell him to leave! I can turn this car around and you can kick the bucket back in the coma ward!"
“Oh, Jack drained me?” says Chuck. He rolls his eyes at the sky, his whole body echoing the motion. “Jack was...let me see, what was it, a power vacuum? Really? You guys thought
Sam pokes his head in through the kitchen doorway. “Oh, there you are. I got a case for us, it’s not far. Wendigo, I think. Want to leave in fifteen?”
Castiel extends his wings immediately, propping himself on his elbows and twisting his neck to peer over his shoulder. And then he, too, catches his breath.
Dean passes a shaking hand over his face. "I—shit. Sorry." He imagines the bones of Sam's face, crunching under his fist. He can't stop imagining it. "Two days," he mutters. He curls his hands into the fabric of his jacket. "Uh—if we make good time."
Castiel takes a step and the pier creaks gently under his feet. He looks down, surprised at the dream's vivid detail. In the pearly light the water of the lake is opaque, a metallic silvery-grey like mercury. The tips of his shoes are right at the edge of the dock. The last time he was here, he'd come to warn Dean of Heaven's plan to start the apocalypse. He remembers the mingled urgency and determination that had filled him then, the knowledge that he didn't have much time before his superiors realized his disobedience. Of course, he'd had even less time than he'd thought.
"Right,” Dean says immediately, filling the pause. He can’t bear this, can’t bear watching Cas search for the words to tell them he isn’t coming back. “You’ve probably got a bunch of reapers to corral, or something. Library books to reshelve.” He almost laughs, then—because it’s so absurd, his little fantasy of Cas returning to the Bunker with them. Dean’s so stupid. Death doesn’t ride in the backseat of Dean’s car, Death doesn’t have a bedroom just down the hall from Dean’s, Death
"You're gonna be okay," Dean whispers again. He presses a palm over the bullet wound. He can feel the breath rattling in his little brother's lungs. He can't lose Sam. Not Sam too. Grief threatens to split him open. First Cas and now—
Dean moves the moment Castiel turns off the engine, unbuckling the seatbelt Castiel had carefully fastened and reaching for the door handle. He struggles with it for a moment, his breath hitching audibly until he finally manages to open the door—only to slither bonelessly out onto the asphalt, his legs giving way beneath him as if cut by an invisible sword.
As far as Castiel can tell, it's more for their own amusement than anything else; guard duty in Hell, it appears, is not particularly thrilling, and Raz seems to be inciting them to relieve their boredom by paying visits to Castiel. For a while they show up nearly every day, though he never knows what the hour will be, nor what their chosen torment will be.
Corin reaches out and puts the tips of his fingers under Dean's chin, tilts Dean's face up toward him. Dean goes with the motion, dropping his eyes so that he isn't meeting Corin's gaze even with his face upturned.
Dean yanks his phone out of his pocket and swipes through it. Nothing. No missed calls, no unanswered texts. He lets it slide out of his shaking hands, onto the tarmac.
Chuck reaches out and twists a hand into Dean’s hair, forces his head up. “You know what, Dean?” His voice goes low and dark and dangerous, like bladed silk.
," he yells at the windshield, at Sam, at no one in particular. He wants to smash something. "We're still on that goddamn street corner where we went to surrender to Chuck!"
Castiel drives to a 24-hour drugstore and picks up first aid supplies and the toiletries he's never needed himself, raids the food aisles for water and microwaveable containers of soup. He looks for clothing but finds none, and decides he can make another run in the morning, once more stores have opened.
"De—" Castiel starts to try to say, but like a stretched rubber band suddenly snapping back into place, the trailer jolts away from him, shrinking into the distance. Other cars blink into existence, populating the space between, until he finds himself standing on the other side of the vampires' camp, suddenly vast and crammed with vehicles, as if the nightmare is conspiring to keep him from reaching Dean. And yet somehow he is still
, burning up like a meteor and nearly as fast. He's in front of Corin before the vampire can form words; he grabs Corin's jaw, holding it in place, and slaps the palm of his other hand down square onto Corin's face.
Then the leviathan erupts into a torrent of inky tar that engulfs Cas and roils outward, knocking Dean back on his heels with a jolt of force like a hurricane gale. The dark mass arcs skyward towards the treeline, carrying Cas with it, leaving nothing in its wake but an empty white sigil on the ground.
“I told you that the changes on the horizon were shifts on a cosmic scale,” says Michael, who frankly sounds fed up with having to explain this again. “This is a new world order, Dean.”
"It's really over," says Sam reflectively, picking at the label on his drink. They've all been saying it, one after another for the blurry past six hours, as if the repetition will finally force it through their sleep-deprived brains.
"They told you that you couldn't leave." Castiel moves toward Dean. "Is that why you didn't want to go out, earlier? Because of what they said?"
There's a beat of silence, as they both stare into the distance, contemplating—well, Dean doesn't know what Sam's contemplating. Life, probably. Life with Eileen, now that they're free of the supreme puppet-master overlord. As for Dean, he's determinedly contemplating nothing at all, thank you very much.
"Cas, I want to—" Dean says, and breaks off. He tugs on Cas's belt, gets the buckle undone, gets Cas's fly open. Eases down onto his knees, startled when there's none of the lingering ache of old injuries, just the supple motion of joints in perfect health.
A hand on his hair cuts through his agonized haze, pulling him back to reality. It's Raz, kneeling beside him, using the fistful of Castiel's hair as a grip to roll him roughly onto his back. Castiel feels a shaky whimper bubbling low in his throat, behind the gag. His torso is criss-crossed in the corrosive gold trails; he can feel the slug, which had finally crossed a hipbone a few minutes ago, inching slowly down his leg towards his ankle.
"Dean, I'm here." Castiel slowly lifts his hands away from Dean's ears. "You're safe. I'm going to fix your eyes now."
He shimmies out of his underwear and clambers onto the bed to straddle Castiel. Slowly, holding his breath, trying not to think too much about how improbable this is, how
Dean pulls on Cas's hips again, drags him yet closer. He feels Cas's body go taut under his grip, an instant of frozen stillness, before Cas is jerking forward helplessly, gasping out Dean's name one final time as his hands flutter gently, desperately, against the sides of Dean's face.
Don't despair--this is not the end of the story! This will probably be 3-4 chapters. The idea for this fic sank unrelenting claws into my brain directly after watching 15.19 and was only strengthened by my resolve to disregard the UTTER TRAINWRECK OF 15.20, so I'm excited to finally be posting this first part!
"They were drinking in the trailer," says Dean. Castiel can't speak. "Broke a bottle a little too close to me, I grabbed a—a piece. Tried. Um. I tried to."
Dean reaches for Castiel in return and Castiel hisses as pleasure shoots through him as well, a jolt that mirrors the blue-white lightning forking through Dean's soul. He speeds up the movement of his hand and Dean makes another sound, lower and more drawn-out, and Castiel thinks,
"I'm gonna turn in," says Dean, pushing himself up from the map room table. The empty beers from their muted celebration—more a bewildered, obligatory acknowledgement of their continued survival—are scattered across the glass. The atmosphere in the room is one of shell-shocked relief, cracked through with a sorrow that can't yet be put into words. Cas's usual chair sits empty.
. (He never had a choice.) He doubles over, trying to breathe. He wants to scream, he wants to leave, he wants the floor to open up and swallow him. It doesn't, of course, and he's stuck here, pinned under Sam's gaze as Sam knifes him open. As Sam flays the armor off him, then the skin, the muscle. Opens him down to the bone.
?” Dean adds, more pointedly. “Don’t think this exactly matches up with their regularly scheduled programming.”
"Yeah, and then come back here." Dean reaches behind himself and tangles his fingers in Castiel's as Castiel gets out of bed.
"We won," Dean echoes. The tension coiled in his chest loosens and he feels his limbs relax, feels weight lift from his shoulders.
Dean tries to calm down, tries to bring his heart rate back to a manageable level. "Not that I don't appreciate the call, Jody, but...why are you calling, again?"
"Go to hell," spits Dean. Castiel can taste blood on the roof of his mouth. Dean is afraid—his terror suffuses the trailer in a dense fog, and he is fighting to keep it from showing on his face.
Sam muffles a short laugh. "Yeah, positive acknowledgment is a little out of the ordinary for hunters, I guess." He smiles at Gadreel, but it fades as he thinks about seeing the wings, how Gadreel had turned his head to show Sam first the right one and then the left, as if determined to bare those ruined parts of him to Sam.
Cas, perhaps predictably, does not shut up. Instead, he raises his head, his eyes burning with a fierceness that rocks Dean back on his heels. A tear slides down his cheek. "Dean, do you not understand, that I don't
“Alright, bye!” Sam says loudly, and swipes to open up Charlie’s call. “Charlie, Stevie—hey, Merry Christmas!”
A soft sound on his right makes Castiel turn his head in the other direction, and his heart stutters in his chest yet again at the sight of Dean tucked into the bed beside him, fast asleep with the covers pulled up to his chin. As Castiel watches, barely daring to breathe, Dean makes another soft noise, a mumbling sort of sigh, and squirms deeper into the blankets. His eyes crack open, slitted with sleep, and he blinks drowsily at Castiel for a moment.
"Thank you," says Castiel again, acutely aware that their fingers are brushing as he takes the clothes from Dean. He is, additionally, aware that the clothes are going to smell like Dean, and the thought causes another embarrassing flutter in his chest.
“You were talking in your sleep,” says Sam, his giant forehead glowing in the lamplight like a beacon. “Bad dream?”
He looks up and the impossible wideness of Cas's eyes is what finally undoes him. He can't do this. He can't do this.
wanting Cas around, in any possible iteration the universe could think of to spit forth, is so laughably absurd that it comes close to short-circuiting his brain altogether.
"One is to hide you from prying eyes and those who would search for you," says Castiel. That could be why none of the tracking spells had worked, he thinks. No matter how desperately he and Sam had sought those spells, how dangerous the witches and psychics they had tracked down to bargain with. A thread of unease pricks at him, as he wonders which of the vampires he'd killed had the knowledge to carve these, and from where that knowledge might have been gained.
Dean slides slowly down the wall. He must look like a child afraid of a storm, huddled in a corner with his head in his arms.
"What, that I'd be grossed out or something? That's stupid." Dean dips his head to plant a kiss on Cas's forehead. What he'd really like to do is pull the angel towards him, hold Cas tightly against his chest, but the ground feels fairly slippery and they're both soaking wet, so Dean isn't sure if that's logistically the best move right now. "Can I touch them?" he says instead. "I mean—is it okay if I do?"
"Claire's fine," Jody interrupts. "We're all fine. Sam texted me, he told me what happened—well, you know, obviously we don't remember shit, but..."
Dean, who could not possibly have failed to account for the possibility that Michael might seize control and become a danger to the world, to
Raz raises an eyebrow. "That'd be something of a redundancy, don't you think?" he says. "Given where we are."
Cherry doesn't follow Castiel to the motel, but whatever route she takes is effective because she pulls into the parking lot only a few minutes after him, driving a battered old sedan with one headlight out.
have time,” says Michael, with an exaggerated patience that might be more Adam than archangel. “The cosmic chain reaction occurring as we speak is, quite possibly, the only way we will all survive my father. It is nearly complete, but not quite. It is
"You were...real," says Cas, slowly, like he's still wrapping his head around the fact. Dean can feel Cas's fingers digging into his shoulders.
, Castiel thinks. He has to work to keep his expression level. His gaze flickers lightning-quick over the cheerleader's frame, taking it in, cataloguing the full lips and freckles and impossibly-long lashes and
being the operative word. Because now, as Dean turns around, he almost falls over in pure shock, and normal flies out the back of his head and into the rainy morning outside.
The cuffs that lock his grace are also keeping him from pulling his wings back into the etheric plane, Castiel realizes as he attempts this without success. He rolls painfully onto his left side and turns his head to survey the right wing as it drops across his hip and over the stones, leaving sticky streaks of crimson wherever it touches. The feathers are even more mangled than before, and one of the bones juts out at an odd angle that both suggests and feels like some sort of fracture. A memory surfaces: Raz gripping the wing in both hands and
"Dean," he says quietly, to the unresponsive man on the bed. "Do you hear that?" Impulsively, he puts his other hand on Dean's forehead, pushing back Dean's sweat-dampened hair. "It's rain. It's rain outside this room—this is a motel room, where I brought you after taking you out of that trailer. You aren't in that place anymore. I found you."
Antennae dips their head in acquiescence, backing up slightly. “If you should change your mind,” they say, “and wish to accompany me as a mate, even for a season, my court offers dances by moonlight and the wild uproar of the woods at high noon. You would love the Hunt’s sweet music, and the torrent of our wings on the night air, the goblets of rivermist and blood..."
"They tell all sorts of wild tales about angel wings," Raz muses. "A feather will grant you a wish, or burn your heart out, or make you a god. A demon who touches them will go insane, a demon who touches them will be blinded, a demon who touches them will be dead within the week."
justice. He deepens the movement of his head, relaxes his jaw, puts his tongue to clever use. He knows his way around a blowjob, knows that he could probably take more, go faster, but if the sounds Cas is making are any indicator, he won't need to. And this—this is nice. Slow, easy, careful, Cas's hand tight on his shoulder, Cas making those beautiful, bitten-off noises above him. He spans his hands against Cas's hips, uses the grip to pull Cas toward him. He wants Cas to be closer—he wants all of Cas to be closer.
"Dean," says Castiel, cutting through Dean's frantic words. He puts his hand back onto Dean's shoulder. It's where his mark used to be—he makes the connection now—the hand-shaped print that had manifested on Dean's body when Castiel rebuilt it, an echo of the stamp on Dean's freshly-raised soul.
?" Dean chokes. The floor drops out from under his feet and he has to put a hand on the door jamb to steady himself.
"They would leave me alone for hours. I'd be—" Another full-body shudder wracks him. "I couldn't hear or see. I'd never know if they were there, watching, unless they—unless they—"
Sam goes to kneel by Cas's head, murmuring something in Cas's ear. Dean frantically watches Cas's chest, searching for the telltale rise and fall of breath, but there's nothing, and maybe Dean was wrong, maybe Cas didn't have enough grace, maybe Dean did too much, cut too deep.
"Stop playing with me," Castiel spits, with venom he thinks the real Dean would have been proud of. "I know this game—if you're going to torture me—just
Castiel focuses on applying antibiotic cream to the wounds on Dean's arm. He wishes, again, that Sam were here. Sam would find the right words to say, the right kind of comfort to give. Castiel, clumsily daubing the ointment onto Dean's broken skin, can't even offer the healing of his grace.
The figure starts to move. Towards them. The streetlights shatter one by one as it approaches, plunging the asphalt into darkness.
, says Cas, and the void swallows him up, and the wall is cold against Dean’s back. “Don’t just—say it like it’s that simple. It’s not that easy, Cas! You said it while Billie was fucking knocking down our door, you said it so that the Empty would take you, you died in front of me and now that you’re back you don’t
I want you around, but you—you never stay, Cas, and why would you?” His heart hammers against his ribcage like he’s still mid-fight, all that adrenaline churning and churning under his skin with nowhere to go. “It's not like there’s anything for you at the Bunker, so why would you—”
Dean lays his palm against Castiel's face, and Castiel feels nothing—no pressure from Dean's hand, no warmth,
Castiel bursts through the barn doors at a dead run, skidding to a halt a car's length into the barn.
one was plausible? And what else...Michael survived for, let's see, no reason at all, and he was playing you,
"Don't," he says. He reaches for the soup with his other hand, across his body so that his chest is shielded by that arm. The motion does little to hide the bruises, or those strange round lesions decorating his chest and stomach.
Sam waits until Castiel has clambered out of the car in the Bunker's garage—Dean still gripping his sleeve as though afraid that Castiel's legs are going to buckle under him again. And then Sam, being Sam, continues to wait, his eyes meeting Castiel's steadily. Castiel flexes his limbs, noting that the pain has receded to a faint aching. He nods, musters up a weak but genuine smile to go with the permission; Sam surges forward immediately and pulls him into a tight, careful hug.
"Oh, it's gone now?" Dean feels like he's on the verge of hysteria. "It's gone now, Sam? Just like that? Chick-flick endings all around, right?"
Dean rolls his eyes, but his expression is fond. "Whatever, he can explain the rest to you when he gets back. I chewed him out plenty on the way here."
Sam half-laughs. “I know what you mean.” He takes a breath, a shaky, rueful sound. “I keep catching myself rehashing stuff, pulling up these memories of—people, just to make sure I still can. Just to make sure he’s not still out there somewhere, erasing us.”
Dean tries to ignore the lump in his throat, but he feels the warning prickle of oncoming tears, nevertheless. Because what is he supposed to do with that?
Cas arches his eyebrows with something like disbelief, and now he looks a little angry, too. Probably pissed that Dean isn’t taking his little speech more seriously, which, again,
"All the shit you said about me being...y'know. A good person, or whatever. I don't—" His voice cracks; he coughs to cover it, brushes a hand across his eyes. "I don't really know why you see that. Why you've always seen that. In me."
“Hmm?” Cas has one hand in Dean’s hair, fingers aimlessly threading through the strands. It’s nice. Comforting in a way that makes Dean’s eyes sting a little, because apparently he’s turning into a huge crybaby in his old age.
Castiel shifts desperately, twisting to present his bound hands to Dean; the movement jostles his wings again and he hisses, muscles jumping in protest. His left wing twitches and scrapes over the rough stone floor and he tries to lift it, pain making him careless. It brushes over Dean's arm, dragging clumsily over Dean's wrist and the back of his hand, and Castiel freezes, sucking in a sharp breath, a gasp that's mirrored behind him as Dean goes absolutely still.
Castiel kisses the corner of Dean's mouth, reveling in the way the touch makes Dean's soul flare and sing.  "Do you not want me?"
Dean shrugs again. "S'not a big deal. It'll heal the regular way." He drops the container, mostly empty now, back on the nightstand and starts wriggling down under the bedcovers. "I'm so
Castiel awakens to find that he is surrounded by four demons, and that his hands are cuffed behind his back. His head throbs, and his first attempt to rise ends in him simply collapsing back onto his side. The cuffs burn against the skin of his wrists, and he can feel his grace fighting weakly against the heavy bands of metal.
He sees Cas again, in his mind’s eye. Dying in that little windowless room. Engulfed by the dark void. Dying for Dean.
“Tracked you from the portal,” says Benny. He nods at Sam. “Wound like that, you’re easy to find—not that your blood smells anything
, ecstasy running like water and lightning through his wingtips and his mortal heart, crackling in his ears and under his skin and he can't tell where his pleasure ends and Dean's begins.
Dean flushes, aware that Eileen and Sam have both glanced over at him. He can’t miss, either, the way both their stances soften slightly, as though Benny has passed some kind of test just by virtue of declaring loyalty to
Castiel shivers despite himself, unmoored by the anguish in Dean's voice. He catches Dean's hand, closes his own fingers around it. "I won't leave," he says quietly. "I'm staying. For all the times I left you before, I'm staying."
He hangs up and turns back to Dean, asleep on top of the cheap rayon comforter. Dean's face is calm, his expression almost peaceful. Castiel can feel the quiet hum of his soul, restless even in slumber. It's harder to sense than it normally would be and Castiel pushes away the nagging worry over why that could be. On Dean's wrists, the broken handcuffs glint in the lamplight. Castiel reaches down and snaps them off easily, grimacing as he takes in the infected lacerations underneath.
Slowly, he relaxes his hand. Sweeps Dean’s hair back from his forehead, a mocking gesture of tenderness. “Unfortunately, Dean, I
Dean wants to weep. He wants to break something. He wants to wrench out the heaviness in his chest and crush it in his hands. He wants to put his arms around Cas and uproot the sorrow in them both, clear space for something else to grow. But he doesn't know how to do that. He's never known how to do that.
"Put that down," says the vampire dismissively. He lifts his hand, fingers poised. "Those flames? Greek fire. Marvelous stuff, water-resistant by the way—and this is my own special recipe. I snap my fingers, it closes in and burns your little sexual awakening to a crisp. It's not
Cas. He knows that—he's always known that. Cas has always had to leave—that, at least, isn’t any different now.
, they'll find you. Oh, god." Dean lets his chin drop to his chest, his gaze fearful, his free hand tightly fisted into the sheets. At a loss, Castiel sits on the bed and eases Dean slowly back down to horizontal, hoping this will even out his breathing.
particularly vivid in his mind. But Castiel isn't worried. He's got a secret weapon. It's hanging around his neck right now. He couldn't believe it when he'd picked it up off his floor the morning after the party, but he's not about to question his good luck.
Eileen, from the balcony, signs something at Cas; since she’s vigorously mouthing the words as well, Dean can tell that it’s
Cas freezes for a moment, body going rigid against Dean's. Then his hands are on Dean's shoulders and he's kissing back, his mouth open and hungry, a single low sound juddering from his mouth. Dean swallows that sound, presses closer, kisses harder. Heat rushes down his throat, through his chest, into his limbs. He moves his hands from Cas's chest to Cas's face, cupping it carefully between his palms, and wonders if there's lightning sparking between their joined mouths because that's what it feels like—it feels like his entire body is electric, like there's a surging current connecting him to Cas, drawing him inward, a kind of urgent and defiant gravity—
That's the shitty truth of it, isn't it? He's always made the excuse that they didn't have time, with all of the shit the world insisted on throwing their way, but the truth has always been that he
"I didn't realize, while I was like that." The smile slides off Jack's face. "How wrong it felt. To not feel at all. But now, when I remember it—" He shivers.
. He lowers his palms to grip the edge of the table instead, bows his head, feels a tremor running up his arms, down his spine. He killed Cas. He—he
, Dean mouths, his eyes still caught somewhere between wonder and agony. There's no sound to it, no air to give it volume; at least, none that can be heard over the horrible, hitching gurgle in Dean's throat. There's only the shape of the word, the holiness of Dean's mouth as he stands dying. His hand twitches up, like he would reach for Castiel's if he had the strength.
He's lying—Castiel can sense the fear in his soul, terrified ghosts stirred up by the thought of venturing out—but he's also not. It's a confusing tangle that Castiel doesn't know how to parse.
"It's ready," says Sam, turning around. In his hand, the dagger's blade flares gold for a moment, then quiets.
Castiel screams. Inside, he screams, and he tells Dean that he loves him, he loves him, he has loved Dean for years, with everything he has, he will find Dean, he will hunt Corin across the earth, he will never rest until Corin is dead and Dean is safe—
"Good boy," Corin says, as his fangs slide out, and then he bends and bites deep into the side of Dean's throat. Dean cries out, his eyes snapping open. His body jerks convulsively, like a marionette on strings, but Corin holds him tightly even as blood starts to trickle down Dean's throat and chest, along the gentle curve of his belly, soaking the hem of his boxers. It's a brutal, excessive feeding, ugly in its violence—even over the crackling flame, Castiel can hear the wet sounds of Corin's lips sealing over the wound, hear the way the soft tissues of Dean's throat are shredding around Corin's fangs.
"You are not," says Castiel, "going back there. They will not be coming for you. I am not letting them take you again. Do you understand?"
"Dean," Sam chokes out, and Dean looks up and meets his brother's enormous eyes. Cas has gone mercifully limp, his screams dwindled now to a shapeless, unceasing whimper. "Dean, get it out, god, take it out of him."
anything,” says Jack, and he looks miserable. He finally closes the distance, slides into the seat across from Dean. He rests his hands on the tabletop, palm up, and looks down at them like they don’t belong to him. “This—this power, it just
The dark-haired vampire leans in and backhands Dean almost casually. "I'm not going anywhere, sweetheart. And neither are you."
They escaped one sick game, but they've just traded it for the original board. They’re at Chuck’s mercy again with nothing more than a vague directive to
Somehow Dean forces down the panic crowding the base of his throat; somehow he pulls Cas to his feet, keeps one hand on his elbow to support him while he turns back to face the fray. There’s three elf-creatures arrayed in front of him now—one that he was just fighting, another who has a literal flaming sword in its weird green hands, and a tall one with waving antennae and fingertips that are starting to glow in a way that cannot possibly bode well for Dean.
Castiel loses track of how the rest of their clothing gets removed or where it ends up. He's too focused on the pulse of Dean's soul, the movement of Dean's body, the desire twining and flaring through both. Dean's nearness is overwhelming; Castiel feels dizzy with his proximity to it, dizzy with the effort of maintaining the crucial separation between his essence and Dean's, the barrier he's taken such care to sustain. When he takes Dean in hand, Dean arches his back and makes a single soft sound, and his face is suddenly as open as Castiel has ever seen it, utterly vulnerable in this moment of pleasure.
Castiel parks the pickup outside the shabby motel where he's been staying. Dean hasn't spoken since they left the vampires' campground, and Castiel can't help wondering if Dean really believes he's safe, or if he's just biding his time for another escape attempt.
“This is not up for discussion!” Dean grits. Another image flashes unbidden through his mind—Sam on his knees, the leviathan rearing back its gaping jaw. Sam with his throat ripped out, his eyes sightlessly turned up to the pale sky.
"Jack," he says carefully, listening to the others' retreating footsteps. They've already listened to Jack's story, dissected the details of his time in the Empty, of his sudden resurrection, of Billie's (insane) plan. But through it all, there was one thing that wasn't—
him, almost, but it isn’t confirmed until one night when Jack walks into the kitchen, where Dean’s been drinking at the table as a way to have a change from drinking in his room. Jack instantly freezes like a deer in the headlights, then starts to edge back toward the doorway.
Cas's arms tighten around Dean's shoulders and this only makes Dean tremble harder. He feels raw, flayed open in a way not even Alastair ever managed. His breath is coming in huge, ragged gasps.
, at least as far as his eyes can tell. The dim blue glow of what might be a vending machine, far ahead, is the only thing that breaks up the monotony of its endless outstretched symmetry.
The penny takes a moment longer to drop for Sam, and then Dean sees remorse flit across his brother's face as the realization hits him. But Sam says nothing else, just backs up to the end of the table where Cas is turning his head agitatedly from side to side. He splays his huge hands over Cas's shoulders and nods once, grim.
He stops with his fingers hovering an inch from Dean's cheek, swallowing hard before dropping his hand a few inches to touch Dean on the shoulder instead.
(Free to do what, he thinks. Driving endlessly. Brains running in the same tired loops again and again like hamsters on a wheel. They weren't free at all, they were trapped in a bigger cage.)
"If you were the real Dean," says Cas, frowning a little, "then it would be very foolish of you to linger. I...don't think you have much time left."
Sam pokes him awake. The motel room quilt is scratchy under his arms and neck. Dean mumbles something.
"It was," Gadreel insists. He looks away again, out over the sea. "And then you discerned my presence in your mind—something I hadn't thought possible—and you saw, at once, who
It makes sense, now that Castiel remembers to account for yet one more of the myriad human norms that he'll never be able to keep track of, but it doesn't feel like the reason Dean was originally going to give, and underneath the words Dean's soul is fluttering restlessly, curling and folding in on itself as if to hide.
"Cas," Dean says again, his voice suddenly hoarse with the weight of all those weeks spent searching.
Something unfurls inside him, a swell of love, of gratitude, so deep that it hurts. He's aware of a tightness in his chest as he stares at Sam, a sharp and painful joy, the unbearable ache of being known.
Dean's head is flung back, his throat beautifully bared. "Yes," he pants, a jerky nod, and then he's gone, spilling over Castiel's fingers. His soul lights up like a tangle of coalescing stars, and Castiel drops any pretense of separation—he's dropping to one elbow, the hand that was bracing him going instead to Dean's shoulder, gripping it so tightly the skin goes white, and Dean's soul is colliding with him so hard he thinks the entire room might be shaking. He thinks he hears his own name, he thinks he's calling out a name in return, he thinks he's calling out words in languages that aren't even spoken anymore. He's wrapped in Dean's soul and Dean's soul is wrapped in him. His vessel's eyes are screwed shut but his true eyes are opening, all of them drinking in the light that is
She's right; Castiel can feel the weakness in his limbs. If he rushed one of the demons now, he wouldn't stand a chance.
dropping the boxers, but they're certainly no longer in his hand. Before he quite realizes what's happening, his feet are carrying him back towards the bedside. Castiel doesn't move—keeps his hands behind his head and his closed eyes pointed directly at the ceiling.
“Jack went out to shovel the driveway,” Cas says. “It’s starting to snow again.” He comes over to lean against Dean, laces his hands around Dean’s waist. “The pie smells incredible.”
No Cas. The room looks—exactly the same as when Dean last stumbled out of it, his face wet and his breath coming in shaky heaves.
"...I need to look at that," Castiel says. He reaches careful fingers toward the gash. Something shutters behind Dean's half-lidded eyes; he pulls away from the touch, lurches half-off the bed.
"Yeah, and sooner or later, Chuck?" says Sam, matching Dean's bravado even though Dean can feel a tremor running through his brother's bones. "We're going to figure out how to end whatever—
"Here you are, hon." She hands him the bag and waves off his attempts to pick up the scattered fries. "Don't worry about those, just enjoy your dinner, okay?"
"I won't touch them," Castiel says. "Just let me see them. I can read them and we'll figure out what they are."
compare, with being an angel. All that moonlight dancing and wild torrent of the night air shit, we don’t...the Bunker doesn’t exactly have any of that.
"I mean it, though," Dean insists. "They're freaking amazing. I still can't believe you just...have them coming out of your back like that. They're incredible."
The kitsune girl steps back, and the vampire takes her place, reaches out for a moment, leaves a patch of that same silvery radiance for a moment before Cas's body absorbs it.
Cas looks up in surprise as Dean sits down and Dean realizes belatedly that his traitorous body has dropped itself into a seat beside to Cas, instead of across from him. He covers it up by cuffing Cas gently on the shoulder. "You doing okay?"
"One of your friends came to see us," says Raz, reaching out to pinch Castiel's cheek like a benevolent uncle. "He's been talking the boss's ear off."
The female demon crouches, runs her fingertips lightly down the side of his face. "This one's called a Kaustos polyp. You'll like it."
." He thrusts his hand out at Castiel, and something very large and invisible slams into Castiel's chest, sending him flying backwards into the room.
"Cas, you spacing out on me?" Dean pats the coat impatiently, where it's now lying on the rumpled bedcovers. "I said, it's right here when you want it. Hopefully sooner rather than later. Feels like I'm looking at you naked."
Dean feels himself listing over, like a sinking boat. He slumps over onto his side, facing Cas. His head swims; it's an effort to force his eyes back open. He puts his hand to his side and his palm comes away red. "Rough time getting here," he slurs at Cas, who is studying him with a nebulous sort of half-concern.
Dean looks away. He picks at the label on his beer. “Jack, I’m not angry. I was for a long time, but—I’m not anymore.” He’s trying, goddammit. It’s not the same as forgiveness, and they both know it, but he’s trying.
"I—didn't want to tell him over the phone," Sam is murmuring, and then Jack looks up and the pencil clatters from his fingers.
, he thinks. That couldn't have happened. But he looks at the misery in Cas's eyes and he isn't so sure.
The Impala eats up the miles and Dean thinks to himself that her engine almost sounds giddy, a wild exultation of sound that rumbles through his palms. The thought makes him grin.
“How OLD are you?” Sam rages, as he swivels his head to the left and right, clearly looking for more snow to use as ammo, because he’s a goddamn hypocrite.
"Can I touch them?" Dean says, almost shyly. He sounds a little breathless; his hair is a wreck. He looks beautiful. Castiel immediately aches to have Dean's hands on his wings, to feel the electricity of Dean's touch against every part of him. Still, he hesitates.
"Good talk," says Chuck. "But that's really just...not going to happen. You two need to get it through your thick skulls that nothing can happen
"Cherry, wait," Castiel pleads. He stoops to set the bag down on the floor. "Dean, I met her in town and I just thought you'd want—"
"I'm sorry I never said it." Dean doesn't bother to wipe his face. The tears aren't stopping, anyway. "You deserved to hear it. You always deserved more than I—more than I could give you."
Cas looks at Dean with something unreadable and immense unfolding behind his eyes. He looks at Dean, and
"Yes," says Cas, who is, now as ever, Dean thinks, an idiot, just as Dean is, and always will be, an idiot. "I know that you don't...return my feelings, in the same way, and that's alright, Dean, because as I said, happiness is—"
"I probably made things worse by saying all that, right?" Dean says. He can't quite keep the bitterness out of his voice. "Because the me you know—the me I was—that guy's too much of a fucking coward to say any of this shit." He feels a tear trickle free and slide down towards his chin, a streak of liquid heat against his skin. He turns his face into Cas's hand, closes his eyes. Kisses Cas's palm.
Dean buries his face in the Empty. He buries his face in a seething, roiling nothingness that drags against his existence like a rusted blade, that flinches and snarls and flays at the thought of him, at the existence of him, at the human-ness of him. He pulls it against his body and his heart and his soul and everything that he is, and he feels it contract away from him, until he is burying his face in the familiar smell of ozone, in Cas's messy hair.
Dean buries his face in Cas’s shoulder, inhales the warmth of him. “You...you sure, though? Because...I know being human doesn’t compare, it
Dean hesitates. "I don't..." He stops. His gaze darts to the door, and he takes a slow step, then falters.
as holy fire—it's a slow, crawling fire, sluggish and heavy like napalm. He can feel the magical blaze eating away at what's left of his wings, which he'd used to shield the rest of his true form, letting them take the brunt of the flame as he dove through. Corin's fire consumes them even while they remain on the ethereal plane, and it
Dean slowly lifts his head, tears streaming down his cheeks, his breath coming in ragged gasps. His eyes find Castiel's face, and Castiel watches something fracture in Dean's soul as their gazes meet, as Dean searches Castiel's immobile features for something and doesn't find it. Castiel seethes inwardly, knowing that his expression is still twisted into one of anger and horror, that he has no way to convey that the disgust on his face isn't directed at Dean.
"What are you going to do about it," snips Dean. He leans forward, and Castiel stops him with a hand pressed to the side of Dean's face. He cradles Dean's jaw, traces the outline of Dean's lips with his thumb. Breathes in the warm scent of Dean, the smoke and fire of him.
"Oh, he tried. If we'd been in harmony, it might've worked—but I guess I haven't been feeling particularly harmonious these days."
"I didn't hear them," he says into Dean's hair. "I didn't hear any of them, Dean, I swear to you. Nothing got through to me, I don't know why. I'm so, so sorry."
A spasm of some unidentifiable emotion crosses Dean's face for an instant—hurt, or frustration, or fear. It isn't until Castiel is sliding into the driver's seat of his truck that he realizes it could have been anger, too.
Like a malicious film recording, the image of Dean's face when he saw Castiel's wings keeps replaying in his head. The dismay and disgust there. The way Dean hadn't been able to keep from staring at the ruin of what Castiel once was.
Cas squints at Dean, and Dean has a horrible plummeting sensation in his stomach, because this is so
to humanity, without trying to control them—” He hesitates. “It’s important,” he says, finally. He touches his own chest, a gesture that looks almost unconscious, and glances at Jack. “And we are more than a little human, ourselves.”
Sam glances between them for a moment, his head swiveling so quick it sounds like his neck is actually cricking, and then he mumbles something unintelligible and edges past them, toward where Michael and Jack are now having some kind of murmured conversation near the withered shrubbery.
"No," says Dean vehemently. "No hospitals, I don't—I can't—" He hunches over, his pulse spiking, the sound thunderous in Castiel's ears.
Dean smiles wider, feels again that sweet, sharp sensation of his heart skipping a beat. Probably a good thing he's dead and doesn't have to worry about cardiac arrest, since his body is apparently going to keep betraying him like this. He twists around on the hood, surveying the darkening clearing—the fringe of pines, the quiet woods beyond. The flat stretch of clover-studded grass giving way to sand and the quiet lap of the water. It reminds him of Cas, in a way—a little windswept, a little lonesome, a little serene. He can imagine Cas standing in the clearing, watching the sun rotate over the sky, watching colors flicker over the lake. Before he can stop, he's imagining himself,  too. Lying in the grass with his head pillowed on Cas's shoulder. Teaching Cas to skip stones over the calm water. Turning the pages of a book under the shade of the pines. Leaning over to press a kiss into Cas's hair.
Castiel jolts awake, staring up at the ceiling, heart hammering in his chest. It's a moment before he's aware of the warmth against his shoulder; he turns his head and gets a mouthful of hair, registers in the same instant that Dean is pressed up against him, head pillowed on Castiel's shoulder, one arm thrown artlessly over Castiel's stomach.
"Dean," says Michael softly, compassionately, "do you know why it is always a reaper, who becomes the next Death?"
,” Dean calls urgently, reaching out as his brother edges around Chuck's shaking form. He feels Sam’s sleeve under his hand, and clutches at it. The light from Chuck burns brighter, hotter, until Dean has to turn away and shut his eyes. Sam's hand is on his wrist, fingers digging in. There's a roaring all around them, like he's caught in a hurricane-force gale.
Castiel flings himself at the barrier with all his strength and hits the motel room floor with a thud. He taps into the momentum of the fall and rolls to his feet, adrenaline surging in his ears. Dean is up on his elbows in the bed, breathing hard. He turns, meets Castiel's eyes, and his face darkens.
Cas sighs again and reaches back to remove Dean's hand from the back of his neck. Dean flinches, but Cas just pulls their joined hands down, into the empty space between their bodies. He laces his fingers through Dean's.
"And," Dean steamrolls over the interruption, "the things—the things I've done all these years, the good and the bad, like you said. I know you—you probably know things about me that I don't even know about myself, yet."
voice, the rough gravel of it, the susurrus of warmth under all that solemnity. Dean supposes that he's focusing on these inane details because the alternative is wrestling with something too vast to hold onto. With the way the world has turned upside-down on him.
, he thinks, to no one in particular, and sucks in a shuddering breath, hears himself whimper involuntarily as it catches on the broken rib. With his other hand, he swats feebly at his pockets, but doesn’t feel the shape of his phone—it must have fallen out. Sam. He needs to get to Sam. The wendigo—if it follows his scent back up the trail, it’ll find Sam—it’ll kill Sam—
Castiel points at the shopping bags and watches Dean stomp over to them. He finds himself unsettled by Dean's shifting emotions: hesitant one moment, harsh the next. Timid to angry in the space of a breath. He's used to being able to watch Dean's moods change from far out, like a wave gathering itself on the horizon, growing as it rolls in toward shore. He carries the soup over to the nightstand and takes a long time carefully centering the container.
And then Cas can leave, if he wants to. Or Dean can leave, if Cas doesn't want him around, if Cas doesn't feel safe around Dean anymore, ever again—
Jody's carrying an armful of firewood across the yard when they pull up. She dumps it unceremoniously in the grass in favor of wrapping her arms around Sam, then Dean. "Boys," she says warmly.
“It’s fine,” Cas is panting, his words belied by the paleness of his face. “Dean, it’s shallow, it’s fine.”
Dean snorts and turns away from the bed. Benny and Jo dared him fifty bucks each, which is a not insubstantial amount of money and enough, in their minds, to tempt Dean. Except Benny and Jo are also idiots and all they wanted for proof were Castiel's boxers. Which...this is Castiel's bedroom, after all. Not like there aren't any other pairs lying around. Dean picks his way across the junk scattered on the carpet, towards the open closet door.
.” Cas presses one hand over the wound, wraps the other around Dean’s wrist, squeezes. “I’ll be alright. Help me up.”
His body dissolves. Between one moment and the next, it turns grey and brittle, webbed with cracks as if it's some kind of decaying monument. The grey soaks through Chuck’s skin, floods his face. Petrifies his slackened jaw and clouds his eyes to an opaque chalkiness.
resent them, even if the way they touch each other’s shoulders as they walk by each other opens up something inside him, a ragged chasm that makes it hard to breathe.
"I'm right here," says Cas quickly. He reaches out and catches Dean's wrist. Dean twists like a wild animal, blank-eyed and frantic, his soul reeking of fear and pain.
The Empty knifes against Dean's leg, against his back and his shoulder. Dean can feel it recoiling from him, snatching itself back as though burned by the touch of him. It splits and flows around him like water and he can feel it seeping between him and Cas, latching onto Cas, twining around Cas. It feels cold, frictionless, textureless. It feels like nothing at all.
Sam drags Cas into him, his arms wrapped around the angel, his face buried in Cas's shoulder. Dean still can't speak. His throat works around nothing, he can't breathe, Cas was dead on this table and now he's alive. Cas is
—how do we fucking know what's real and what's not," Sam rasps. His mouth wobbles. "Chuck is in our fucking
It comes as a coaxing hiss. He has ears, he supposes, if he's hearing it. A skull for its sibilant whisper to echo off of.
Dean's lips are moving soundlessly. Corin cups his face for a moment, then settles his hand around the front of Dean's throat, squeezing gently. "I can't hear you, Dean."
Gadreel takes control again, while Dean watches, half-fascinated, half-unnerved. Sam and Gadreel have begun doing this more often: trading places fluidly, holding a normal three-way conversation with Dean or Cas or Kevin while switching control of Sam's body. It's faster than Sam simply relaying everything Gadreel has to say, but—
"You cut it close," says Jack, reproving. The last few flecks of radiant light fade from his eyes. Beside him, Sam has a hand over his mouth, his face pale and streaked with tears.
Dean is babbling incoherently. "Cas, please, I can't—" His voice breaks. "It's—it's dark—they—I can't see,
it, indistinguishable from his own, deep in his heart like a stab wound—Dean's panic ramping up as he realizes he can't open his eyes.
"I can do it myself," Dean snaps without looking up. A muscle in his shoulder jumps and the bottle tumbles off his lap onto the floor. "
“Dean,” says Cas. His voice rumbles in his chest, reverberates up through Dean’s jaw. “I’m happy when I’m with
"Shiv, sweetheart. Have I been wrong, yet?" Raz, by contrast, looks alight with excitement, his tongue poking out from between his teeth, his eyes roving up and down Castiel's body.
Castiel bristles. "I don't know what you are, what kind of terror you represent for Dean, but he is not
Dean spies the laundry hamper, sitting unguarded just inside the closet door. The entire closet smells of something sweet and sharp that he assumes is Castiel's deodorant or maybe just
"You can do anything, I'll take the polyp again, I'll—" He can hear himself babbling, hear the words tumbling desperately from his lips. His breath hitches; he fights down the urge to retch again. "Just don't touch my wings,
Castiel turns his head away, hating himself for not being able to bear the pain with impassivity, hating the demon's eyes for being the same color as Dean's.
“Fuck,” he wheezes out, the word slurring like syrup. He hopes—god, he hopes the cliff is treacherous enough that the wendigo can’t just clamber down after him, or it’ll drag him away to bleed out in some dark lair where his corpse probably won’t ever be found. One of his ribs is definitely broken, and his head feels like someone went at it with a poker. It pales in comparison to the wounds in his chest and stomach, which are—he tries to raise his head to look, can’t manage to judder it more than an inch off the ground. His skull feels like it’s splitting in half, and his vision isn’t quite right, but he doesn’t need to see. He can
"I should get more supplies," he hears himself saying. His voice sounds brittle to his ears, shaky. As if it might crumble at any moment, leaving him with nothing except how much he wants to plunge forward and pin Dean to the mattress beneath him, cover the marks on Dean's body with new ones, adoration instead of violence. "And clothes for you."
He has the sense to put his gun on the stairs, out of the water, and then he's rushing forward. He drops to his knees beside Cas—
Castiel smiles down at Dean as he hastily pulls on his clothes. "You want your clothes?" Dean's jeans are in a crumpled heap halfway across the room.
Dean's feet are twitching and jerking, his heels knocking a percussive staccato against the planks. "Cas," he croaks at the sky. "Cas. Help." His bloodshot eyes roll back into his skull.
feathers, which means Dean probably assumed his wings just weren't awakened, which would mean Cas hasn't met his soulmate, which you described as the person the angel is
"Both," answers Michael. Or Adam. Whatever. He steps through the doorway, which is showing a view into a completely nondescript space that Dean loses the ability to describe the minute the door swings shut on it.
. It was just a knee-jerk reaction, but I just thought, this is where Cas decides I'm too unclean to live. This is where he puts me down."
"Cas," he says, out loud, to the waiting air, to the lake. To the forest around him and the faint peaks glimmering slate-blue in the distance.
Jack sniffs. He looks around vaguely and then reaches for the box of tissues on the bedside table. "The Grigori. They siphon off the energy of human souls. I know eating hearts is—a strange thing to do, but when I do it...Sam, it doesn't just increase my powers."
Cas, can't keep himself from helplessly running the tips of his fingers over the delicate bones in Cas's face with something that's half reverence and half despair.
Cas makes the sound again, his body sagging against the shed wall so that Dean moves his hands, in alarm, to Cas's shoulders. They hang on to each other, panting, their foreheads pressed together.
"Dean," Sam whispers, and Dean doesn't look up, doesn't lift his gaze to see whatever finality Sam's face is going to hold. He stares at his hands, and below them to Cas, and he realizes he's making, without meaning to, a raw sound of denial somewhere in the back of his throat, because this is something he's only ever seen in his nightmares, Cas's blood staining his hands scarlet, Cas dead by Dean's hand. And now it's real and it can't be, it
"Look, you," she says coolly, zipping up her jacket. "I know a guy who doesn't wanna sleep with me when I see one."
," says Sam, in the tone he reserves for when Dean is being particularly dense. "And it has to be heavy."
"Just put it on the bed." Castiel rolls one sleeve up to the elbow as he tries shoving the package all the way into the back of the freezer compartment with brute force. The minifridge creaks ominously. For all his earlier resolve, the flare of cobalt from Dean rocks through his defenses and he has to bite his lip to keep from crossing the room and pinning Dean to the wall and—
"Wow," Dean manages finally, knowing that undisguised reverence is showing through in his tone. "They're amazing, Cas."
"Dammit, Sam," he growls under his breath, because it'd been Sam who reached out over McGinnis's corpse to unlock the cage door. The girl might've hated McGinnis but at the end of the day she's still a monster with no reason to leave two hunters alive. Sam and his bleeding heart are going to get everyone killed some day.
He takes one last look down at Dean, deeply asleep on the bed. The wounds stand out starkly from his skin, painted yellow-gold as it is by the lamplight. Castiel has a hand half-raised toward them before he catches himself, remembers anew that he's helpless to heal them. He tries anyway, letting his fingertips rest on Dean's forehead, seeking a way in with his grace. It doesn't work, of course. But he ends up standing there all the same, his fingers brushing the feverish heat of Dean's face, reassuring himself that Dean is really there, lying asleep in front of him.
They find the vamp nest pretty easily, catch the bloodsuckers red-handed, quite literally. The frightened girl who was about to be their next meal escapes out the shed door as Dean and Sam lay waste with a pair of machetes from the Impala’s trunk.
Right on the heels of the first faint roll of thunder in the distance, Dean begins to shift, his expression contorting while his soul flares and recoils in sudden distress. He twists his head hard to the side, deep into the pillow; his arms, folded in front of him, go rigid as his hands clench into fists.
Sam grimaces. “We beat her once, but it was a close thing. And that was on Earth, not here where she’s strongest.”
Jack glances up at him but quickly drops his gaze again. He'd nearly died saving their collective asses in the final battle. His arms are bandaged from the elbows down, burn wounds that he'll have to heal the ordinary, human way. Dean digs deep and musters up a flicker of energy from the crater in his chest. He touches Jack's shoulder gently. "You did good today, kid."
Jesus, he wants to touch Cas. He wants to close the distance between them, put his arms around Cas, press their foreheads together. He wants, he wants.
“And I saw how you were with the other hunters, too,” Dean adds. “You’re a good leader, Sam. They trust you. And they should.”
Castiel attempts to turn the meatball package sideways. "I rebuilt your body from scratch, Dean," he says distractedly. "It hasn't changed much in size since then."
what you know!” Dean yells. He feels a little unhinged. His hand flies up almost of its own accord, twists into the leather of Cas’s coat like he can anchor himself there, stay tied to the present moment, to the nearness of the thing he’s trying to pull free of its years-long silence. “I don’t give a fuck what you think you can’t have, Cas! You’re wrong!”
"Cas, what—" Sam starts to say, just as Dean reaches for the glasses, intending to pull them off. But it's too late. Cas's face twists in anguish, and he turns and bolts from the kitchen, his mutilated wings rattling agitatedly. Dean starts to run after him, but before he's reached the doorway he hears the front door open and slam and realizes that Cas has left the Bunker altogether.
"Cas, I never believed I was anything, until you believed in me." He doesn't have any right to ask. He doesn't have any
Castiel sighs and retreats to the desk chair by the window. Ignoring Dean's directive, he watches Dean's shoulder rising and falling to the rhythm of his shaky breaths as they ease into the slower cadence of sleep. It occurs to him that some stores might be opening soon; he could leave and purchase clothes for Dean, along with more food. But he thinks of Dean waking up alone again, disoriented and unsure.
Dean had acted like nothing had happened, though his soul had shuttered like a lantern, mercifully submerging the torrent of its hungers. Now he stands and leans from side to side, flexing his limbs and pulling the last of the bandages off his unblemished torso, rolling the coat sleeves up to stare at his arms. And it
was bleeding out. And after Gadreel had healed Cas, the relief that rushed up inside Dean had been equally overwhelming—so overwhelming that he'd forgotten that his brother and Gadreel were
The thing shaped like Cas laughs mirthlessly. "No," it says, and the voice is Cas's voice and yet it's wrong, it's all
in that stupid parking lot and there was nothing I could do—" He dislodges the covers as he gestures helplessly at the air.
Castiel wakes to warmth and a familiar, bone-deep rumble that he recognizes as the Impala; when he opens his eyes, it's to see the car's roof close overhead and, closer still, Dean's worried expression. They're in the back seat. Castiel is curled across most of the bench, his head pillowed on Dean's lap; Dean's hand is cupped against his jaw.
Raz unfurls the scroll he's brought with him and begins reading from it. The incantation is an ugly thing, the words guttural and cruel, and halfway through it Castiel realizes what it's for, and a muffled shout bursts from his chest, breaking uselessly against the leather of the gag. He fights uselessly against his restraints, panic rising in his throat, because this is the last thing, the
"And what are you going to do when you get there?" Sam demands. "Chuck's just going to snap you out of existence like he did the rest of the planet."
It's a little off-center, the kiss; either deliberately or through haste, Dean lands near the corner of Castiel's mouth, and it's brief as well—a dry press of the lips followed by a careful withdrawal. It's brief, and it's hasty, and it's off-center, and it knocks the fucking air out of Castiel's lungs.
"You," says Castiel, and to his ears his voice is breathless, a wondering sound. "Dean Winchester, I don't know how you do the things you do, but you are..." He pauses, tries and fails to find words. "Incredible," he says finally, repeating what Dean had said to him.
Cas moves the hand on Dean’s neck, spans his fingers against Dean’s jaw. He lifts Dean’s head gently, stares at Dean the way he stared in that storeroom, his eyes reverent, like Dean is some—like Dean is some precious thing.
very pink. It's fucking adorable and it makes Castiel want to lean forward and kiss him. Dean's eyes flicker up to meet Castiel's for a second and his tongue darts out to wet his lips, an unconscious gesture that sends heat rushing to pool at the base of Castiel's spine.
doesn't know either. But he tries to steady his voice, tries to convey a conviction he isn't sure he feels.
"I didn't realize the extent of your injuries," presses Castiel. "Are you hurt anywhere else? Should I..." He bites down on his lip to stem the tide of his own earnestness. All he has to offer Dean are mediocre first aid skills. He can't take away any of the pain; he can't heal Dean's ravaged eyesight or undo the atrophying of his muscular structure.
The air still hurts to breathe, feels like sandpaper against his skin, but Castiel finally stumbles to his feet, spurred by a nameless, frantic urgency. He turns his head and sees a dilapidated barn mere yards away, the doors shut. Dread wells up in the hollow spaces of his chest, a fear that he can't name—something terrible has happened here.
"Sam is a very capable hunter and is certainly managing just fine,” Cas grumbles, but he reluctantly moves his hands down to Dean’s elbows and stands, pulling Dean up with him. They rock against each other for a moment, toe to toe, close enough to put their arms around each other. Dean can hear birdsong from the trees at the top of the cliff. The sunlight limns the edges of Cas’s hair like a halo.
, and everybody is wearing them for dinner. Yours has some very beautiful felted poinsettias on it.”
The library looks no better, piles of books scattered on the table and the floor, interspersed with pages of notes in Sam's looping cursive and Dean's untidy scrawl. Jack is hunched over one of the books, gnawing on a pencil, his brow creased in a worried furrow.
Chuck leans up against the binding circle's invisible boundary. "C'mon, Dean. Can't you feel it? The fraying? All these resets aren't good for your brain, you know. Stop trying to break out of the story. It's not going to end well for you."
what Dean should have wanted, and yet Dean hadn't responded at all to her presence, hadn't reacted to her obvious desire, her obvious availability, and Castiel doesn't
"Dean," Castiel manages at last, and maybe the word conveys everything crowding his traitorous mouth.
Castiel's heart drops out of the bottom of his chest, and he turns to look at Dean. Dean, who has scrambled back against the headboard, his face white with terror. Dean, who is shaking his head frantically, his knees drawn up to his chest, his soul awash in frantic crimson.
"I did indeed," says the dream-Castiel. It strokes its fingers down the side of Dean's face, caresses the edge of Dean's jaw, the curve of his chin, and then it slides its hand down around Dean's throat and starts to squeeze.
, he thinks. Something defiant rises up inside of him and silences the sneering voice. No, if there's one thing he knows for certain, down in his bones, it's that he loves Cas. God help him, he loves Cas, Cas and his messy hair and his morning grumpiness and his smile and his warmth and his squinty-eyed confusion and his absolute brilliance in a fight. And—god help him—he knows that Cas loves him back. He
The tool shed is a lot larger than he would have expected, and in fairness it's in a pretty sorry state: the wood is weather-worn and grey, any paint long since chipped away, and it looks like quite a few shingles are missing. The door is open.
"I prayed to you," Dean blurts. Something warm and wet touches Castiel's hand where it rests between Dean's face and the bed, and he realizes that Dean is crying silently, hot tears that go rolling sideways across his face to land on Castiel's palm. "I prayed to you so many times, Cas, and you never—and I thought that maybe you just—that you—"
"The other," says Castiel, praying for patience in dealing with mortals, "is to..." he frowns at the lettering, dark against the pale of Dean's sun-starved skin, "to 'keep you poised', to not permit your body to pass through...gates?"
"I love—I love you," says Dean. He stumbles over the words, but he doesn't drop his gaze. They're standing so close together that Castiel could probably count Dean's eyelashes, if he were in any state to count anything right now. "I love you, I've loved you for—god, years I guess. I fucking cried for hours on the floor after the Empty took you. I've been a goddamn wreck these past three months, ask Sam and Eileen. I get if—if you don't feel the same way anymore, or if you um, if you changed your mind, I just—" He pauses, gulps visibly for breath. "I didn't say anything to you before you died, and it's been fucking eating me alive, Cas. Everything was happening so fast, and then you were gone, god, you were
Sam is a few scant feet away, wrapping string lights around the stairwell with the concentration of a heart surgeon. It’s almost too easy, which doesn’t deter Dean at all—he steps over and drops the fistful of snow down Sam’s collar with perfect aim.
, Jack." Fear opens up its spiny maw inside him, rakes at his insides with frigid teeth. "You get your—your
But. Before he was anything else—before he was a rebel, before he was fallen, before he was loved by Dean Winchester—Castiel was a soldier. He ignores the pain, moves through it, with it. Counts down, in a distant, impassive corner of his mind, the seconds he has left.
"Yes," says Jack for the twentieth time in response, and Dean has to hand it to him, he still sounds extremely sure. "I've tried reaching Cas, but the Empty's hidden him deep within itself. It knows he's been resurrected before and it doesn't want it to happen again."
Dean is tense in Castiel's arms for a long moment before his soul opens up and he melts like snow, collapsing into the curves of Castiel's body as if he belongs there.
In retrospect, Dean really, really regrets telling Sam what Cas had said. Any other time, he would've known better—but he'd had nothing left of himself to mortar into any semblance of a wall, when they'd found him in the Bunker. He'd blurted it all out to Sam and Jack, numb with it, with the weight of Cas's last words. Cas's handprint cooling on his shoulder. Cas's absence a corrosive void under his ribs.
“Yeah?” says Dean. He tamps his anger down a little, but it’s still simmering under the surface, low and furious. “
Dean smiles. His heart judders a little, a lurching sensation that he identifies as happiness. "Good."
Sam stops in front of him, lifts his hands to take Dean by the shoulders. Dean wrenches half-heartedly against his little brother's grip. Sam holds on.
said and done. He digs deep, finds the courage to ask anyway. Gathers all the strength he has left, and lifts his hand. "Just one more time, alright? Believe in me."
"There's." Cas exhales shakily. His eyes still full of that mixture of wonder and disbelief. But his mouth—his
Castiel has almost always, in general, avoided looking too deeply into Dean's soul. When he'd first met Dean, he'd shown no such courtesy, but eventually he'd come to understand that tuning into Dean's mind to such an extent wasn't something that would be considered appropriate by human standards. Despite how carelessly humans tended to broadcast their feelings and thoughts. And it had become clear that even Dean, who always wore his emotions recklessly on his sleeve, like banners flown into battle, was nevertheless uncomfortable with it on the few occasions that he realized or suspected what was happening. So Castiel had quickly learned to restrict himself to picking up only Dean's surface emotions, the strong ones that swept across his mind like waves on the sea.
stings, because Cas is maybe right. Certainly, there's a whole lot of historical evidence—a fucking decade of it, really, if they're going to count—pointing that way.
"I don't know who you are," Dean says slowly. But no, that's wrong. He knows who Cas is. He knows who Cas is like he knows his own name, like he knows Sam's.
“No,” says Jack. “I thought I’d...” He chews his bottom lip. “I thought I’d come back to the Bunker. With you guys. If...if that’s okay.”
"Don't hurt him?" The vampire doesn't drop his hand. "He took what was mine, Dean." The ring of flame tightens, until Castiel is sure his battered wings will catch; still he can do nothing except pull them closer and grit his teeth. He won't scream, but he can't stop the grunt of pain that escapes his clenched jaw as the fire sears the skin of his vessel with its nearness.
“Dude.” Dean wipes the machete against a tarp-covered piece of machinery. “Normally I would be very supportive of your tin-hat ravings, but in case you forgot, the puppeteer behind your conspiracy theories is literally
Dean screws his eyes shut. His skin crawls momentarily where the Empty had brushed against it. He breathes out, one shaky exhalation, and opens his eyes again. Still no Empty. Still no jangling chorus of the void to contend with. He looks down at Cas. He's suddenly hyper-aware of the fact that their entire bodies are pressed against each other. Cas is rigidly still beneath him, his eyes enormous, his face streaked with tears, his mouth pressed in a trembling line.
He yanks the wing back, away from Dean, ignoring the pain, ignoring Dean's sudden exhale. He grits his teeth against the cry of loss that goes up somewhere inside him when the electric music of the contact vanishes.
Even without being able to fully sense Dean's soul, Castiel feels overwhelmed by the distress rolling off Dean in waves. He moves without really thinking about it, switches the blade from his right hand to his left and reaches out to grip Dean's shoulder.
And Dean thinks of Cas, again, putting himself on the line for Jack. Cas dying so Jack could be born. Cas shielding Jack from Dean with his body. Cas, who had yielded to Dean on just about every damn thing. But not this. Not on this.
There’s heartbreak hovering behind Michael’s words. A heaviness like regret, even as his eyes flash in anger, a glint of silver visible for an instant far down behind the pupils. He clenches his jaw, looks away from Dean, down the long empty stretch of the hall. “Now he’s back, and it’s not to apologize. It’s not to be the father we deserved. It’s to wipe us all away like we never mattered. I think I...I finally see what Castiel saw a long time ago. The world is worth saving. We deserve to be more than someone’s discarded story.”
“What the hell do we get him,” he’d muttered to Sam as they stood in the toy aisle. “This one says...ages eight and up. Is he older or younger than eight?”
A laugh punches out of Dean, a sound that's half a sob. He curls down over Castiel, a movement that brings his face closer, and Castiel
But still, it hasn't been all that long, in the scheme of things, and Dean still cherishes moments like this one. Moments when he gets to smile at Cas's obscenely rumpled hair and the old t-shirt and sweats of Dean's that he's wearing, as the angel shuffles into the kitchen, yawning hugely and not uttering so much as a good morning to anyone.
Castiel makes a decision; he laces his fingers through Dean's, pulls Dean's hand up to settle it against the curve of his wing.
“Dean!” Cas cries out, his voice taut with alarm. Dean rolls over, scrabbling for his dropped shotgun. The leviathan nearest to Cas, the one who’d led them into the trap, has Cas by the collar. As Dean scrambles to his feet, the creature twists its head bonelessly to one side and sinks its teeth into its own shoulder. It swipes its fingers through the oily black spurt of blood and drags them down the side of Cas’s face.
"Dean would not be here," Cas interrupts flatly. He tips his head away from Dean's hand. "He could not be here."
Corin sits back on his heels, still grinning. He swipes his fingers carelessly through the blood trickling down Dean's bare chest, and then without warning he shoves them into Dean's mouth. Dean chokes on the sudden intrusion, his cuffed hands flying up to grab reflexively at Corin's wrist, but he doesn't pull away, even when the vampire drags his thumb across Dean's lower lip, slicking it red with blood.
Castiel forgets the bruises on Dean's skin, forgets the string of his failures, forgets everything but the strangled sound of Dean's voice. He lunges forward and drops to his knees beside Dean. Puts a hand on Dean's shoulder, a hand on Dean's cheek. Tightens his grip, almost shaking Dean with it.
“Buddy,” says Dean, and an exhausted sort of half-laugh cracks out of him. He drags a hand down his face. “You got no idea.”
!” Dean yells, but Cas just stares desperately at him, rooted to the spot, blocking Dean’s shot. Leviathan blood trickles darkly down his cheek. Dean staggers forward, ignoring the bolt of pain in his knee.
Probably making out in the hallway like high schoolers, Dean thinks, smirking to himself. He’d walked in on them earlier, right after the presents while Jack and Cas were washing up in the kitchen—Sam kissing Eileen against the library wall with his giant hands tangled in her hair. Sam had turned beet-red but Eileen had just winked at Dean. Ha. And he’d thought there was no way he could like her more than he did already.
"Yes, it is why I can no longer fly." Gadreel holds out his hand. Wordlessly, Dean takes off the glasses and hands them to the angel. Without wearing them, he's no longer able to see the wings, and he's oddly relieved. They had been so terribly mutilated—it had stirred up a strange sense of anguish, made him feel half-guilty, as though he were looking at something he didn't have any right to see.
"I'm sorry I can't heal you," says Castiel quietly. He looks down at his hands, fighting back the feeling of helplessness that rises in his chest. "I don't—I don't know why. I don't know what's blocking my grace."
"I'm sorry," Dean whispers again. The words come out garbled. He's crying, he realizes. He presses his lips against the crown of Cas's head and screws his eyes shut. "I'm so sorry."
no me and Cas, Sam!" Dean doesn't know why it's suddenly so hard to breathe. Doesn't know why his chest is suddenly tight, like he's back in that room, on the floor, shaking with grief. "He—we're not—it's not—it's not like that. And Cas got it, okay?"
"Call your brother. He misses you." He shuts the door and steps back, lifting one hand in an awkward half-wave.
,” says Dean. He feels unmoored, panicky. Like he's been climbing a set of stairs in the dark, and his foot has just plummeted through empty space where there should have been a step.
. It hooks at his skin, tugging him apart. He clasps his hands behind his back to keep from drumming them anxiously on the nearest flat surface.
"And then I met you," says Gadreel, his face open and guileless as it always is. "I slipped into your mind that day in the hospital, and I could see everything that you had lost—I could see how the wrongs you'd committed ate away at you, and how even the penance you had already done couldn't, in your own mind, absolve you. And yet the ways in which you strove to right those wrongs were not self-absorbed, not arrogant at all. You were not trying to become a hero—you were sacrificing yourself, again and again, for the good of others. Effacing yourself, not seeking redemption but simply to do good."
"I'll do it quickly," Castiel promises. He moves the blade back to where the sigil is, and this time Dean's hand goes with it, fingertips poised lightly against Castiel's wrist. Castiel steadies himself for a moment—his vessel is right-handed and that was the side he had chosen to favor when he first inhabited it, but it doesn't really matter for this—and then he makes two very fast, very deliberate cuts, one through each sigil, letting the arc of the first stroke carry him into the second to give Dean less time to react.
, he thinks, quelling the fear that threatens to rise in his gut. The Winchesters will come for him.
"Then give him back," Dean blurts. He reaches up to catch the thing's wrists. "Please." He'll beg—he doesn't give a fuck. "
“If you want me in there,” says Cas, but he doesn’t say it uncertainly—he says it with another smile, gentle and warm against the side of Dean’s jaw. Like he already knows the answer. But Dean will say it anyway. He’ll say it again and again.
Jack waits for a moment, and when Sam continues to hesitate, he smiles a little half-smile and says, frank, "You want to know if I got my soul back."
"Dean," he stammers, pulling back to the edge of the bed. He drops Dean's hand as if burned by it, hating the way he immediately misses the feel of Dean's skin. "I—"
“Where’re Sam and Eileen?” he yawns at one point, noticing that their half of the couch is now empty.
. No tired waitress shoving her bangs out of her eyes and taking their order, no trucker nursing a cup of coffee in the corner booth, no gangly teenagers darting their eyes bashfully at each other as they split a chocolate malt on the other side of the room. Dean feels affection well up in his heart for all of it.
Dean doesn’t have more than that lone instant to spare, because there are more leviathan arriving, nearly half a dozen of them, plummeting from the sky. The tarry bolts foment on impact, bubbling up into writhing pillars and swiftly resolving into human shape. A few yards away, Dean catches a glimpse of Cas’s frantic, helpless expression and has to tamp down his own answering surge of irritation—he’s pissed at the dude for a lot of shit right now, alright, but it’s not
The walls and ceiling flicker around them again. Dean feels a prickling against the back of his neck. He glances up and down the hall and thinks it looks a bit more blurry than it did before, like it’s fading out of view.
Dean chooses this moment to fling himself out of bed, rolling across the floor and coming up on one knee, pistol aimed squarely at the vampire. Where and when had Dean gotten a gun? Castiel recognizes it as the one he keeps in his duffel of supplies, but that's sitting on the floor across the room, so Dean must have taken the weapon out at some earlier point. Has probably had it under his pillow this whole time. Old habits die hard.
you with this, Dean," Cas snaps, sudden bitterness heating his voice. "I know it was something you didn't want to hear. I did it because it was the only way to save you, but I would never have jeopardized—I would never have risked your friendship, if there had been any other way. I know that you don't—"
Castiel can feel Dean's palms—broad, warm, a little rough, cupped against the sides of his jaw. He can feel the pads of Dean's thumbs resting against his cheekbones. He can feel Dean's breath ghosting over his lips.
Jack gives them a sad smile. He extends his hand towards a nearby flowerbed and the plants wither before his palm. "I figured it out."
lost everyone they’ve ever loved—threatens to knock him sideways; he has to press his knuckles against his sternum as something in him judders with raw, aching relief.
"Then don't," says Castiel, "but just know that I could never think less of you, Dean. For anything. And whatever I can do to help you heal—"
with all of this, with Dean's stubbornness and pride and self-loathing, with his own inability to fix this situation, with Sam's enduring silence. He is tired of having to pry every scrap of information out of Dean like it's a confession, tired of having to force every gesture of aid or comfort into Dean's clenched fists as if it's a burden. He is tired of not being to help not because he can't but because Dean won't
Dean pulls a few inches back, though he keeps his hands tight on Castiel's shoulders. His eyes dart up toward the wing, its dark feathers, the limned colors that Castiel knows he can't see.
Because he doesn’t want Cas to think—he doesn’t want Cas to think Dean can’t handle it, that Dean’s going to—going to try to stop Cas from doing his job, from whatever continued process of
Cas rests his hand lightly on the back of Dean's head, not pulling or pushing, just running his fingers delicately through Dean's hair. His hips are trembling like he's trying to keep himself from thrusting into Dean's mouth. "Dean—" he pants again. And he still sounds so
—this, his family safe and warm and well-fed in the same room as him. Sam and Eileen making googly eyes at each other on the other end of the couch. Jack adding marshmallows to his cocoa with the precision of a forklift operator. Cas a warm presence beside him, their thighs pressed together, hands tangled under the blanket, Cas’s soft laugh when Dean quotes a line with just the right accent—
, with a festering, acrid heat he can almost taste on the back of his tongue. The slug continues to inch slimily across his chest. He rolls onto his stomach and contorts his body on the floor, desperate to scrape the metallic substance off somehow, but for all the good his frantic efforts do, the gold streaks might as well be tattoos.
Dean's gaze sharpens and he smiles. It's a slow smile, and it crinkles up the laugh lines around his eyes. It makes something in Castiel melt.
Raz leans over him. "You like them?" he sneers. "They wouldn't hold up to a human or a demon, but they sure do a number on halos, don't they?"
for Cas. He isn't sure what he expected—that the ritual would drop him right beside Cas, maybe? That Cas would just be visible right in front of him, or waiting and alert somewhere else, would hear him call and show up at his shoulder like always? Dean grimaces at the idea of traipsing through the Empty in aimless circles, trying to call out to Cas without waking up every other godforsaken thing in this place.
"I don't care what you did while they had you. I care that you survived. That's what required strength, and
"We can't forget," Sam grits out. He grips Dean's wrist, his hand like a vise. Blood bubbles up between Dean's frantic fingers. "Dean, we gotta—"
"Cas," Dean says again, more urgently, and hurries forward. The cell door swings wide behind him. He stops less than an arm's length away, dropping to his knees to peer urgently at Castiel.
Dean's soul is unfurling and blooming like some sort of flowering supernova, and it's only when Castiel registers its unmistakable cobalt surge that the pieces finally click together. He jerks back, startled. Dean leans toward him, panting a little, his pupils dilated.
"Or fed," says Dean. "Sometimes I could feel the trailer moving, and I'd know we were driving somewhere new. But mostly it was just dark and...and silent. There was never..." He takes a shaky breath. "There was never any warning. I could never prepare."
Dean, he thinks, might be happy to let it sit unspoken forever, but Castiel would rather not let the wound fester. He was the one who said it, who twined that tension into the air between them, so the onus ought to be on him to clear that air. Make absolutely certain that Dean knows Castiel doesn't expect anything different from him. Make certain Dean knows that
It's a while before the soup is heated up, possibly due in part to user error. Castiel has only just removed it from the microwave when the door to the bathroom opens. He turns around with the container in his hands and nearly drops it; Dean is sidling out of the bathroom with only a towel wrapped around his waist, almost laughably low.
He's pretty sure that on the drive here he must have come up with a hundred different ways to start this conversation. He is also certain that he can't remember a single one of them now.
Cas parts his lips, like he’s about to speak, but instead his mouth just trembles and his hand goes still on Dean’s face, so that he’s just cupping it against Dean’s cheek. His breath ghosts over Dean’s mouth. He smells like the air right before a storm. Dean shivers, though not from cold, and thinks about how they’re all finally free, and maybe this is the first moment he can actually do something with that.
The healing lasts only a split second. One moment Dean is arching his back, crying out as the internal damage is undone, the wound knitting itself forcefully back together under the irradiated torrent. The next moment, the grace and its silvery glow have winked out like a switch was flipped, and Dean is suddenly straightening up, jerking out of their grips.
"It's not you," Castiel says quickly. "You're very beautiful. And very kind. I think things are just confusing for him right now. He's had..."
“Jack could’ve brought him back,” says Dean wildly.  “Jack’s the frigging boss of the universe, why didn’t he just—”
“Happy New Year, too!” Jody laughs, leaning back into view. “Listen—you’re all coming up this time next year, you hear me? Donna and I can’t corral four teenage girls on our own—”
On one day they are content to simply beat him until his face is slick with blood. The next day they hold him down, rip open his shirt, and pour acid on his chest until he is screaming and writhing on the stones. His grace keeps his flesh from simply melting away, but the angry red patch of the chemical burn lingers. Another day it's knives, and they don't stop until his body is littered with cuts of all shapes and sizes, sluggishly oozing blood and refusing to heal. Castiel is grateful that none of them seem to have access to an angel blade; he isn't sure his fettered grace could keep him alive through that.
Jack smiles a little, an expression so full of childlike pleasure that Dean thinks it’d be easy to forget he’s looking at one-half of the beings that power the literal universe.
Cas turns his eyes back to Dean. His other hand is still cradling Dean’s head, holding it off the ground. Dean can feel the light pressure of Cas’s thumb against his temple, and he has to fight the urge to turn his face into it, lean into the pressure.
Dean doesn't answer, and Castiel stops, his fingers a hairsbreadth from Dean's plastered eyes. He's suddenly afraid that Dean's ears are more damaged than he thought, that it isn't as simple a matter as removing some epoxy. "Dean? Can you hear me?"
"Look at the angel, Dean," says Corin gently. He moves to the side and turns Dean's face. Dean's eyes slide over to meet Castiel's, but they're shuttered, haunted, as if Dean himself is shutting down, regressing into the shell he'd been when Castiel first rescued him and brought him back to this room. This room where he was supposed to be safe. Rage boils up in Castiel's chest—fury at Corin and his smug sneer, fury at himself for his own carelessness.
Antlers bows slightly to her, and Dean notes their wince of pain with some satisfaction. Bruised ribs seem like a fair trade for toppling a fully-decorated Christmas tree. “Most of our experiences dealing with humans have been...fraught. Our deepest apologies for the...ah, the mess. We will repair your door.” They click their fingers and several of the elves go bounding up the stairs toward the wreck of the door.
“How could I not love you?” Cas’s voice is a shaky whisper against his temple, but his palms are warm and steady and certain. Dean presses his face into the collar of Cas’s coat. “I told you, Dean. I know who you are. How could I know you and not love you?”
"You're human, too." It's not really a question. "You've been breathing, this whole time. That was the last of your grace?"
, but Dean can't unsee him the way he looked when the Empty took him. Can't unsee Cas with tears rolling down his cheeks, Cas with his face open and unguarded and earnest and splitting apart under the weight of his own words.
The smile slips back off Cas's face, and he looks away. "I want to believe that, but Dean...we couldn't protect him from Chuck the last time. I'm not...what if we can't this time, either?"
Castiel ignores the feeble onslaught and grips Dean's shoulders and twists, forcing Dean over onto his back.
"I don't understand all the things you are referencing," says Gadreel politely. "But yes, a soulmate. A soulmate is the entity an angel is destined to be with. Often it's another angel, though not always. I knew an angel whose soulmate was a whale. They made wonderful music together."
"Damn right," says Dean, and he reaches up to catch Cas's hand in his own. He entwines their fingers. "Never again."
, of course, he's only slept when human, or when running on absolute dregs of power—but just to rest, to be still and know that Dean is safe, healed, an arm's length away.
Castiel hears in Dean's words the echo of his own, months ago, uttered in a dark forest clearing while a Reaper lay dead at his feet. He nods, something tight swelling in his chest. "Yes...Dean."
Castiel lunges forward, blade raised. The man lifts his hand and snaps his fingers, and a tight ring of sickly green flame springs up around Castiel.
"I hate this," Dean says through gritted teeth. "I hate that you're seeing me like this. God, you must think I'm—"
Dean closes his eyes and exhales, a tiny gasp. His heartbeat is thunderous, filling the room with its rapid-fire drumming.  "Please fucking kiss me aga—"
"Listen, I don't care what the fuck you're trying to accomplish here," Dean snarls, interrupting Insufferable Monologue Number Whatever. “Whatever this is, whatever game you’re playing? We want off this goddamn train. Now!”
Cas's hair is mussed, his eyes dark in the lamplight. He'd been quiet, after the Empty returned him—hugged each of them fiercely after the initial shock wore off, asked a few bewildered questions, smiled with slowly increasing earnestness throughout their celebratory drinks before retiring to his room early. He hadn't really met Dean's eyes, through all of it. Which had been fine with Dean, who was busy doing his best to not look at Cas at all.
Dean appears at his side a moment later, so near that the gauze on his arm brushes against Castiel's coat sleeve. Castiel steps back, struck by the irony of their switched roles—normally it's Dean who lectures him about personal space, Dean who moves to open distance between them.
God, all those years he spent stealing tiny moments, little glances, small touches and brushes, because he'd decided that was all he was going to allow himself. It all seems so stupid, now. Because now it might be too late and he can't keep his hands
"I'm so sorry it took this long. But please believe me, Dean, I never would have stopped looking, either. I would have searched for you for as long as it took." Careful not to jostle Dean's many injuries, he shifts his grip so that he can cup the back of Dean's head with one hand. He rests the other hand on Dean's shoulder, where his mark once lay. It's strange to feel the fabric of his own coat beneath his hands, stranger still to know that the warmth underneath the garment is Dean. He realizes that Dean is whispering softly, and strains to catch the faint words.
"Cas!" Dean drops to his knees immediately, wincing as the wound in his side shoots out another flare of pain. Jack wasn't kidding about him not having long.
Jack, who tilts his head like Cas and leans too close to the laptop screen like Sam and dangled his arm out the window of the Impala for no reason other than that he watched Dean doing it. Jack, who burned off his soul for them. Who wanted to die for them. Who has angel and human and deity in him now, and still chose them—still chose to live here, padding around the Bunker hallways and withering Eileen’s house plants and forgetting to wash his dirty dishes and being afraid all the time of what Dean will see in him.
“Hmm?” says Cas. He looks at them, squints a little in thought. “Oh, that may have been the Picts. Sorry, the traditions get adapted so fast.”
He rams the stupid container into the freezer compartment and shuts the door with rather more force than is required. Can this really all be attributed to Dean's six months of captivity? Castiel remembers the aimless, directionless wants that had stirred his human body occasionally, but that had been sporadic, easily ignored, at least when he wasn't around—
"I don't—" Dean's breath hitches. He screws his eyes shut, inhales shakily. "I don't want to fuck this up."
Jack doesn’t seem soothed by this at all; on the contrary, he seems almost more distraught by the second, standing ramrod-stiff in the center of the room.
"Until you're looking back at yourself," Jack finishes. He crumples the tissue in his clenched fist. "At what you were. I don't want to—be that person, again. I don't want to—not understand what's right. Sam, if that happens again—"
Castiel tilts his head. It's obvious that Dean isn't thrilled with the idea of Castiel going to the store, but the
He must be saying it aloud, or maybe it just shows in his demeanor, because the man turns to look at him at last, a sudden, predatory movement like a bird of prey cocking its head. "Yes," he says.
Jody rolls her eyes. "I've been trying not to check on the progress. They've been watching a lot of YouTube videos but I'm not certain any of them know what they're doing."
, Castiel knows it, and yet the vampire is here, clearly alive enough to throw Castiel across the room with a gesture.
." He raises the pitch of his voice for the last two words, makes them high and breathless, a grotesque parody of what's clearly meant to be Castiel's voice.
its claws deep in his torso, shredding tissue and muscle and organ alike, opening up places that were never meant to be opened. He smells sulfur, feels hounds’ teeth in his belly, he’s back on the rack, back under the knife,
The color drains from Sam's face. Behind him, through the window, Dean sees the air waver like a vibrating string; for a moment, despite the broad daylight, he thinks the world has gone dark. Thinks he can see a half-moon blazing in an inky sky.
—remembers separating head from shoulders with a sweeping stroke of his blade before the vampire was halfway out of his seat.
. He furrows his brow, dread suddenly heavy within him, and before his eyes the image of Dean flickers, like an image on a faulty TV screen.
