A couple hours later Tony’s phone started to ring, Pepper’s picture appearing on the screen. Steve had reclaimed Jamie, and they were inside the Lego store, Peter running rampant with excitement, Steve following him around with a couple of baskets. Tony really thought that they should have a cart, at least, but they didn’t exist in the store.
"He is now," Tony told her. "But you should probably get him to a doctor, to get diagnosed. One that I haven't had sign some confidentiality agreements and all."
But! Here's a chapter, and while writing it I came out with something that I hope is going to end up being a really awesome thing that carries on through the rest of this story, and into the rest of the series, something that will bond Steve and Tony through adorableness and awkwardness. It's going to be awesome, I hope. Research was put into it, fun research. Gift fic for the first person to figure out what it is? :D
He nodded. “That’s right. Just like your Mama is able to do.” He rubbed Peter’s back a little. “Why don’t you show me what you’re working on for homework?” Tony followed Peter back over to the table he was working on, and sat next to him. Bucky had gotten up, a little head nod motioning for Steve to follow him to the nursery.
“Okay, in my defense, I only know where he is because I’ve been tracking him with Jarvis,” Tony said, raising his finger up for a second. “Cap and I have come to, an understanding. We aren’t at each other’s throats, and actually, maybe, kind of, sorta, get along now.” He wiggled when Mary nudged his side with her elbow.
"He's not safe." Tony turned in a circle as a deep voice whispered around him. "There are too many dangers surrounding him."
"Would be preferable." Bucky caught Steve smiling and furrowed his brows just a smidge. He leaned down then to turn off the monitor. "I've seen what they do to kids," he told Steve. "If the- If he was still alive, he would have tried to get her over to Hydra's side first. It's easier if they give the kids up for training voluntarily." Steve frowned, but didn't say anything, not wanting to interrupt him. "If not, probably would have just killed her and taken the babies anyway."
"We've got Peter, Tony, he's going to be fine," Mary breathed out. "Just, hurry up back down here."
"You did not, stop it." Tony pushed Steve's arm. "Alright, let's talk. Let's get this off your chest."
The lights burst behind their eyes, and Steve gasped. Tony’s back arched, hanging onto Steve.
"You have some nice digs." Steve sat up on his elbows when he heard Sam's voice. "Living in style under Stark's roof."
“Don’t I know it.”
"He's having a flashback," Mary's father said curtly to his wife. "He's not alright, and we can't let Peter see him like that either." The woman huffed a little, but didn't say anything else.
"You are my brave little boy," Mary whispered to him. "My very brave boy, just like Captain America."
It wasn't until Mary showed up that Tony knew what he was going to do. She was carrying in a still tired looking Peter, his backpack in her hand, diaper bag over her shoulder. Tony saw the Captain America shield on the back of Peter's jacket and was hit with an epiphany.
"I'll be in the shop," Tony said without turning around.
"Steve is with them, trying to get them to, stay, dressed." Tony rubbed his face, handing the tablet back to Pepper. "Third door, on the right," she said brightly as Tony left the kitchen, before snagging one of the crème puffs.
"It won't be for long, though." Tony tried to keep Peter confident, distracted from what could be really happening outside. "Cap, Widow, and Hawkeye are on their way."
"Wouldn't miss it for the world."
"You are an evil man, you know that, right?" Meg told him, sounding amused. "You'd better not take too long on that mission, because this conversation is not over."
"I'm not going anywhere, Petey," Tony said as he ran his hand through his hair a little. "I'm gonna stay here and talk to Agent while you visit, and then I'll come back, okay?" Peter nodded. William put him on his feet and took his hand as they headed for the ICU entrance.
"Get me vitals, Jarvis," Tony demanded, staying close to Peter, not letting him go. He could see tears welling up in his eyes, brown eyes meeting Tony's. "I'm right here, bud, right here, not going anywhere."
A piano started to play in the background, and Steve swung his head to look at Mary.
"Yeah? Okay, shoot. I think your AI is just leading me in some kind of complicated loop to try and drop any tails, anyway."
"Apparently, after snack time, it was throw away our clothes time," Steve said with a deadpan look that had Bruce smirking slightly. "Then she must have discovered her toes, and now she's putting together than everyone has them." He wiggled his toes again when Jamie put both hands on his foot, and it sent her into another giggle fit. Jamie then shifted to face his other foot, and he moved it a little closer to her, the little girl working on getting the other sock off. "What can I do for you, Bruce? Got some news about Jamie?"
"I'm sorry to interrupt, Sir, but Mrs Fitzpatrick is calling." Jarvis had entered the interruption game.
"Let's start with that stick of his," Steve spoke up again. "It may be magical," and what the hell, magic?, "but it works an awful lot like a Hydra weapon."
“You’re never going to let that go, are you?” Steve asked dryly, but Tony could see the hints of a smile in his expression. “Here I thought that I was living in a new century, not back on stage.”
“Tony?” Steve pressed a finger to the comm in his ear, freezing the image to get a view of the license plate. “Please tell me you have Jarvis up and running? I need to track a license plate.”
"Jarvis has been running it since I hit the bridge," Tony said, facing Steve again, and they were suddenly a whole lot closer. "In a few hours we'll know every dirty secret SHIELD has ever tried to hide."
Tony tried to scream into the water, tried to push away, to push out of the water. It was filling his nose, in his mouth, pouring down his throat. He had worked so hard, tried to get away. He had just wanted to live.
"You know your Mom's upstairs, right Wade?" Tony asked as he walked over, plopping himself down next to Peter.
"Imagine the day that Captain America goes villain," he said with a grin.
Tony put his arm down and let out a hollow laugh. "You think I don't do that already?" Steve frowned and Tony rolled his eyes. "Come on, Rogers, don't act like you’re surprised." Tony took a step back, shaking his head. "You know, you're really something. Here you are lecturing me about getting help, about nightmares and flashbacks, when you have them, too. Remember? I'm there when you can't sleep. What do you know-"
“I think they missed each other,” Tony said as he glanced out the still open door. Steve snorted and handed the tablet back to Tony as he unhooked Jamie from her seat.
"I'm glad that you're able to learn this lesson for one night," Bruce whispered, and Tony wished he were closer so he could elbow him.
"That tech can work on something that small?" Bruce asked. The noise was dying down in the background, and Tony assumed that he was heading inside. "Does it charge like a battery?"
"Find him," Steve said, opening his eyes when he hadn't been aware they were closed. "Find him for me, Mary." At that point Steve wasn't sure if he was talking more about Tony, or about Bucky. Everything was feeling conflicted inside. He knew that Peter would be safe, so he didn't have to worry about that. It was becoming clear that he wouldn't have been a target, just him and Tony. Steve wanted his best friend back, but he couldn't let Bucky find Tony first. That man wasn't his best friend, not right now. The Bucky Barnes he knew wouldn't kill a man without batting an eye. Even when he was a sniper with the Howling Commandos, Steve could see that every kill weighed a little on him. He didn't lose much sleep over it since they were Hydra targets, but Bucky never lost that bit of his soul in the job.
"Okay, so, that's awesome." Tony nodded his head a little. "What if, maybe, Mr Steve wasn't the only one moving in?" Peter and Wade shared the same little frown of confusion. He caught Steve walking in from behind them, his expression calling out Tony on the crappy conversation transition. "Well, okay, so, you know how Miss Meg moved in, and now she has two babies?"
“Again.” Tony nodded a little. “I’m sure he knows that, but I’m sure it might make a little bit of a difference now that he knows we’re both messed up in the head.” Steve wriggled his nose in a little frown. “I can Feel you frowning. You know I don’t actually mean it, right?” Tony turned around so that he was facing Steve, making sure Steve’s arm was still draped over him. Leaning forward, Tony kissed Steve’s nose. “You are my boyscout, and I love you.” That always made Steve smile, which in turn made Tony smiled. He flicked Steve’s nose this time. “You sap.”
"Wouldn't expect anything less." Tony could hear the smile in Steve's voice.
Steve grabbed the two old phones. "Did you just pull a movie on Mary?" Bruce asked.
the day after that.”
“Ouch, getting ganged up on! William? Little help?”
"This one stays with me!" Tony tried not to growl audibly. "That's it, Obie. Forget about it."
"Sir has retreated down to the workshop." Steve groaned and pushed opened the door to the stairs, not bothering to wait for the elevator, the one that Tony may have made sure would stop at every floor except the workshop. He couldn't even blame Tony for being angry, hell, Steve was angry himself even if he knew that it was the best call.
"So, what are you going to do about it?" She asked him. She wasn't going to complain if he wanted to take more responsibility, her own job was starting to demand a little more attention from her, and Peter was starting to spend more time at her parents place.
"I don't actually know that much about the everyday care of small children," Tony hissed as she started to walk away. "Remember, me, not actually there, shadow passing in the night, only stepping up after the kid could walk and talk and pee."
Tony managed to get a room that set furthest away from any entrance, applying his charm, and a bit of Steve's pensive face, and he sat patiently as they applied the bandages to his nose. He hadn't even been shown to his room before they had taken him directly to get an x-ray. He was lucky that nothing had shifted too far out of place, they would straighten it and it should heal on its own.
Tony took a breath and opened his eyes. His tablet was still resting on his chest, but his glasses weren’t on his nose. “You’re not supposed to be working.” Tony turned his head a little to see Steve walking in the room with a tray of food. “I moved your glasses for a reason.”
Peter sat on the floor, staring at Jamie, also sitting on the floor. She had her hands resting on the coffee table, but she was staring back at him. Mr Steve was in the kitchen, getting together a couple of bottles, because thankfully, Jamie wasn’t coming with them to get haircuts. This was special, just for him, Daddy, and Mr Steve. He hoped that Daddy and Mr Steve got married soon so he could call Mr Steve something else.
“Someone has Wade,” Steve interrupted him, hands moving to check him over. “Jarvis tried to get a call through to me.”
“Alright,” Tony chuckled a little. “You can both have a corner piece of cake, and an extra scoop of ice cream, if you help your moms pass out the cake and ice cream to the everyone else, okay?” The boys started to whisper to each other, in their made up language that Tony was still trying to decipher, before looking back at him.
"A week at most," Bruce answered, cleaning his glasses out of habit. "Jarvis can help me start to separate the compounds in the samples, and try to recreate a formula."
"Yeah, you say peace, I kind of think you mean the other thing." Mary glanced back up at the ceiling, then looked back when she saw Barton moving, finally.
“It was no dream, that was all his idea,” Tony assured him, kissing him again. “The kid really knows how to surprise us, huh?”
"I expected you to not be ready. But, Steve, he's the man with the plan."
"At three in the morning?" Steve asked, walking over. He easily lifted the punching bag up with one arm, walked back over to take down the old one that was covered in duct tape, and hooked up the new one. Tony walked over, leaning down to examine the old one. It was literally being held together by many pieces of duct tape, and even that was starting to fray. Steve had been here for less than three days, how had he worn through even the duct tape this much?
“I’m not seeing anything else around the Tower anyway,” Sam reported. “Maybe it’s best we go back in before something else pops up? I’m really not looking forward to leaving Earth.” Tony couldn’t fault his logic, he hated portals.
“Yes! That’s him!” Peter ran into living room before Tony could catch him, and Jamie wiggled in Steve’s arms. She was very attentive, and attracted to, Peter’s energy, almost channeling it. Tony was probably right, she was going to be very active as she grew up.
A soft knock at the door drew Tony's attention, and he saw Bruce standing there with Coulson. Tony glanced at the clock on the wall. He had been laying with Peter for nearly three hours. The arc reactor should be done by now with the preliminary tests.
"Take it slow, that couldn't have been pleasant to the head," Steve told him. Tony's pupils were shrinking and growing back and forth as he tried to gain his bearing.
"I come with glad tidings, of a world made free." The man was moving around the space, going towards Selvig. Why wasn't Clint moving?
"Get me in a suit and I'll be fine." Tony used Steve to push himself up carefully. They both turned to look outside, finally taking stock of what was actually going on. "Can't afford to have me sit this one out, Cap," Tony said carefully as they watched the invasion outside.
“So, just stay alert, but no change needed?” Steve asked and Tony nodded.
"Verbal threat!" Tony put his hands up. "I feel threatened!"
"Take two seconds to catch your breath," Bruce told him.
“Is this another Game of Thrones plea?” Danielle Cavanaugh asked as she crossed her legs at the knee.
As Steve held two of his pokeballs in his hand, he thought that perhaps he had judged Tony Stark a little too much on the Helicarrier. He thought the man was purposely keeping his other pokemon, his Evelyn, from him. But, when he thought about it, he wouldn’t want her anywhere near their fight.
“Todd’s in there with Mom,” Wade told him after a bit. “She’s real angry with the school office.” Bucky snorted softly and nodded. “Todd can at least get her to calm down when she’s done. They like each other.” Bucky raised an eyebrow as he glanced over at the boy. “He’s nice,” he said with a shrug. Bucky watched the boy staring at the wall in front of them, before turning his head to look at Bucky. “Thanks for teaching me self-defense.”
"I've got movement across the street," Clint called out. "They really don't want us touching this machine."
“That sounds more like the Tony Stark I know,” Steve said with a little snort. Tony leaned his head up to press a kiss to his jaw. The Super Soldier smiled and leaned his head back a little against the bed, letting his eyes slip shut, arms still around Tony.
Bucky closed his eyes, rubbing his face with his good hand, and groaned softly. “And there’s nothing that’s gonna stop you is there?” Wade shook his head no, grinning. “In the interest of not having Stevie go berserk every time you two end up in the hospital, which would be often, I’m going to take it upon myself to teach you how not to die.”
"He's not here right now, and there are no cameras inside the hall," Tony reassured her, and himself. "They don't let the press, with their cameras, inside the hall."
"Peter likes the reptile and arachnid displays," William corrected. Tony wrinkled his nose a little. "Wade likes the big animal displays."
“Now that seems a little unfair,” Tony pouted. He would have thrown a bigger fuss, but he knew on some level that Steve was right. As he looked at Steve’s face, he knew that Steve also knew that, and that there was no getting around that. “Jarvis wouldn’t possibly listen to that request.”
"I repeat, an absolute menace." Tony leaned in to kiss Steve, but he leaned back.
"You got it, Wade." Wade blasted him with a grin before running from the room. "Be careful! Slow your roll in the hallways!" He heard Wade shout back 'Kay!' before shaking his head a little. Tony was swinging his legs off the bed when the door opened again and Steve was walking back in, towel around his neck, shirt soaked with sweat. Tony thought the view was better than coffee.
He took a breath to continue, but Meg shook her head. “Enough, mission confirmed. Go be stealthy.” She tossed the phone back over to Tony on the couch as the Soldier left the apartment, barely making a sound. Tony had gotten up and walked around the couch, going to stand next to Steve, both staring at her intently.
"Then you need to get your own Peter," Tony said keeping up with Steve. "This one is mine, and I happen to like this Peter very much."
"You're not helping, Cap." Tony glanced around. "Where is the Mom? She should know what her child did to me."
'," Tony commented, pulling a groan from the blonde.
"He wasn't authorized for test phase today," Mary said with a frown.
Steve hummed and shook his head. “No, it was a smaller base, and they were already clearing out. We managed to retrieve a couple of things for SHIELD, but not the scepter. Coulson’s team is taking care of more searches.” He turned in the bed a little, holding Tony a bit tighter. “No sign of the Enhanced, either.”
There was a half assembled Iron Man suit hanging from the ceiling, one of the arms already on a workshop table, and Tony was attacking it with a soldering iron. This suit was looking different already, white and grey, instead of the usual red and gold. There was no helmet yet, but Steve longed to get a look at the Mark number. He was starting to see too many suits, too quickly.
“Is it technically Avengers work if Captain America is doing most of the heavy lifting?” Mary asked, looking between Steve and Phil. “Is that just Captain America work?”
"It's big now," Peter replied sleepily. The boy was exhausted, but now he couldn't fall back asleep.
, Tony, and no one can replace that. Of course I'll still come to you with stuff, that's how co-parenting works." She started to rub his shoulder, briefly reminding of comforting Peter. Too much alike. "And you know that I would never make any of the big decisions without you."
"Oh no, that's an endless flowing river when it comes to that little boy," Tony admitted with a smile. "I would kill people for that kid. I have, actually." Tony tilted his head, staring off into the distance, tapping his chin. "Not the point." Steve was smirking at him now. "Point is, apparently, us." Tony waved his fork in a back and forth motion between the two of them.
Tony wrinkled his nose and nodded a little. "I'll look this over, read the notes. But, I need to be with my son right now. I was attacked earlier, if you hadn't noticed." Deflect, Tony, that's how Starks do it. Absorb and deflect, don't let them know what you're really feeling inside, they can use it against you.
"I can't invest emotionally?"
"Hey, I don't know anything about what your crazy brother went through before getting here," Tony said, putting his hands up, and he swore he saw Loki smirk a little. "I'm still technically trying to get used to the fact that other worlds can be accessed and-"
"Why don't you just watch a movie with Peter?" Tony edged forward to grab the coffee at least, but Steve kept shifting.
"I'm not entirely sold on the Zoo theme," Tony said with a hum. He leaned against the kitchen counter, stealing a piece of bacon from the pile that Steve had started. Steve eyed him, but didn't say anything. "What about a spider themed-"
Iron Man was landing back on the stage, and Steve raised an eyebrow when the stage started to move, platforms rising up, showing what looked to be robots, drones, of some kind. Tony turned to look at them, the audience cheering, thinking it was part of the show. Steve knew better. Mary, and Tony in the press, had made it explicitly clear, Tony didn't make weapons anymore. He looked up the newly branded War Machine, piloted by Colonel Rhodes, touched down on stage next to him. It looked like the two best friends were having a conversation, before suddenly War Machine and the drones all pointed their arms, and weapons, at Tony.
You're all beautiful!
"Officially? There is no more SHIELD," Steve told him gravely. "It had been infected by Hydra, by Zola. Alexander Pierce, he was leading the charade." Tony grabbed his mug so he didn't give away his thoughts. He wasn't sure how to tell Steve about Howard being part of Hydra, not while he was still trying to process it. "We put all of SHIELD and Hydra on the internet." Tony's eyes widened. "Jarvis and Bruce grabbed a lot of stuff about you and your work, and other dangerous information. But, it's all out there."
"Get down!" He barely heard Rhodey shouting back, but he could see his arm movements. "Get down!" Tony could do that, he could get down, get to safety. Ducking down, he ran, trying to present as little of a target as possible. There! He could take cover behind those rocks, boulder, whatever!
"The red head." Tony's face dropped, and now Bruce's eyebrows went up. "You didn't know she was SHIELD?"
“And you live with this?” Sam looked over at Steve. “This stuff is normal?”
"She, ah, just got her last night." Steve smiled at Jamie, watching her work out the basics of crawling, moving her arms to prop herself up. "Her name's Jamie."
"Well, I would have!" Tony snapped a little. "But's that's not the point. The point is Rogers."
"Tony, where are you?" he said quietly to the ceiling. Steve wanted to put on his suit, grab a quinjet, and just start searching, everywhere. He'd kick down the door of every location that Tony had found in those file, and gets answer one way or another, but he knew it'd be useless. Steve had given the list of coordinates that had been on the thumb drive to Meg, to give to Bucky, since it was obvious that he was making himself scarce whenever Steve was about to show up. The response he had gotten back was that most of them weren't Hydra locations, but that they'd probably be cleared out by now anyway. He had hinted that they should be looking overseas, though.
"You only use last names in a professional manner, or if they've made you mad." Tony was picking up on Steve's mannerisms quickly.
“As far as I could tell, someone hacked into the school’s system, and names were added to Wade’s file.” Tony turned so he could lean back against Steve’s chest now, relaxing and dropping his head back against Steve’s shoulder. “They had looked into Peter’s file, but hadn’t altered it. There’s no way the school would have known, but I’m also not trusting their safety to such a weak security system. I won’t take a chance on this happening again.” Steve nodded and kissed him again. “It’s almost time to start making dinner, so we should go wake up Jamie so she’ll sleep through the night.”
Bruce just hummed and nodded. "Then I think that you have your answer." Tony watched Bruce for a few quiet moments. He knew that he owed Bruce a lot, probably his life. If it hadn't been for him figuring out what Howard had been up too, it would probably be Tony that was trying to keep a rage monster behind bars all the time. That wouldn't have ended well.
“We know what happened,” Steve said with a nod, agreeing with him. “There’s nothing else that Wade can tell us. I’ll check on them tomorrow.” Tony put a hand on Steve’s arm, giving him a small smile.
"Tony, this is Sam Wilson," Steve said in introduction, one arm waving towards Sam. "Sam, Tony Stark." He looked towards the man. "What are you doing spying on us, anyway?"
Also, he hadn’t exactly filled Rhodey in on everything that had happened.
"It's alright, J," Tony nodded a little. "How's her status?"
"That's right, Petey," Tony smiled a little. "Ask your Mom to show you where I'm going, later, okay?" Jarvis pulled up a little screen, showing Pepper Potts on the phone, walking through the mansion, heading downstairs. "Listen up, buddy, don't draw on Mama's wall until I get back, yeah?"
"You want me to what? Counting? What's counting going to-"
"Makes more sense," he nodded. "I want to take you back to Bruce's lab, and record this reaction to cherries."
"What did you do to me?" He ground out, moving his eyes to look at the dark haired girl. Her own eyes were wide, the red fading. Then it turned into a sickening grin.
"Did you know that you have an AI that can place a phone call, all from the comfort of your current seat?" Bruce was casual as he finished his meal.
"Mmmmm," Tony hummed, carefully looking down the line of kids. Towels had been thrown on a chair so they didn't get too wet. "I think I'll take, those two!" He pointed the nozzles at Peter and Wade and quickly shot them with water. They both squealed and wiggled around, Tony following them with the hoses, cackling loudly. The rest of the kids erupted in shouts and laughter, also yelping a bit when they were also hosed off.
“Because it’s a birthday that I can remember!” Tony let out a little huff, leaning back in his chair. “So, you tell the Air Force that I want my best friend here for the festivities.”
"I love you, Tony Stark." Steve moved forward, sliding his hand across Tony's arms. "I am in love with you."
Tony closed his eyes and took a breath, then looked back out over the water. The sound of glass cracking drew his attention to the side suddenly, and he frowned. By the time he spotted the lines rapidly growing across the windows of his living room he was already falling through, the crash of breaking glass reaching his ears too late. He gasped, then tried to take a breath before he slammed into the water below.
It was when they were on the helicopter, headed back for the base, that Tony took Rhodey's arm. "I don't want the press to report I'm back yet," Tony told him. "I don't want them to know until I'm heading back for the States." Rhodey tilted his head, but nodded a little. "Rhodey,...." He took a breath, but was interrupted when the helicopter shook as they landed.
Captain America wanted a fight? Oh, Tony would give him a fight. Tony would take Howard's perfect ideal and he would wipe the floor with him. Until fire exploded in the room. Tony gasped, breathing in the hot air and coughing, almost choking as he was slammed into the edge of the doorway, Steve landed on his leg.
Wade started to giggle, which actually sounded a little bit like a cackle, and Bucky frowned. “You just played me, didn’t you?”
It was soon assumed that the rest of the Avengers would be taking up residence in the Tower as well, and Tony started to greet them as they arrived. Natasha swept onto her floor, pausing to greet the group, and receiving a happy head bump from Jet. Clint had followed soon after, but he wasn’t allowed to meet the crew yet.
“But why change spots?” Tony asked mostly himself. “Keep hitting the spot enough and you weaken it, making it easier to break through. The way these things are growing, it wouldn’t even take that long.”
“We got to eat with Mulan though!” Peter said, and Wade warbled out a reply that only Peter could understand. “And we saw Rapunzel and Flynn Ryder! She had her frying pan, it was pretty awesome. That was a lot more fun than seeing Cinderella.”
"He likes having shorter hair," Steve agreed. "Mary put something in his hair to get it spiked up, like yours usually is," he said nodding to Tony, "and he kept asking for that the rest of the week."
Family dinner, and a surprise!
How Steve wished he could take back those words now.
"Tony, my dear, you're in the will," Rachel looked over at him. "By name, right up front. Whatever you want, you can have it."
"And get the angry, pregnant lady out of here and into her new house?" Tony leaned back as Steve's hand flailed out to try and smack his arm.
So, if it feels like there are things that were left untouched; there are. And (most of) it's done on purpose! It purposely leaves it open, and it leads into the over-arcing plot in my head. I'll say it again, we are going to see the kids grow-up, and we're going to see Spiderman! And some Deadpool!
"Mr Stark, some pictures of you were released online less than an hour ago, claiming that you have a son-" the rest of her question was drown out by the uproar of the crowd again. Tony hated being right on the first guess. George had just straight released them to all of social media, not doubt with a little news station help.
Tony hummed a little in thought. “Maybe a couple of hours. Suppose it’s time that Jamie woke up, if we want any chance of sleeping through the night at least.”
Tony's view was blocked when Steve's hands were on his arms. He looked up to see Steve saying something, but there was just a ringing in his ears. A sharp pain had him looking down, he saw a growing red spot on his shirt, and the world tilted suddenly. He was falling into Steve's arms before his eyes shut on their own.
Neither of them talked for a bit, letting Tony play a little louder, his shoulders, then his body starting to move with the song. Steve could see years of lessons, probably decades of playing, deeply ingrained his technique. “What are you playing?”
"What choices do I actually have?" Steve looked back out the window as they drove over the bridge. "Are we going to Queens?"
“Dammit, Rogers-“ As he had kept moving, Clint had reached Tony first, accidentally bumping Tony’s knee. That seemed to be all that was needed.
"Wow, Tony Stark." Tony almost jumped at the voice and he tilted his head to see the familiar woman standing there. He remembered her, briefly. "Fancy seeing you here."
“I think my stomach jumped out of my mouth,” Steve mumbled, resting his head against Tony’s, closing his eyes. “And then, it went back up, and the rest of my organs followed the trend my stomach had set.” Tony pushed out his bottom lip in sympathy, running his hand through Steve’s hair. “I think I left them all on the ride. I am sans organs.”
“There’s nothing normal about us, Steven.”
"He touched Jamie," Tony pointed out.
He swung his shield towards Stark's arm, but Stark brought the staff up to block the attack. Steve moved one foot and was swinging his fist at Stark now, but he moved the staff just as quickly, hitting Steve's forearm and forcing it back. It was apparent that Tony didn't always need the suit to take care of himself. What had Loki done to Tony? To turn him into this angry fighter? Tony was still in there, by the way that he thought he was protecting Peter.
"Make it April, and we're good." The woman turned around and Tony's eyes widened a little when he recognized her. It was Mary. She looked over towards them, then blinked when she saw Tony. "I'm going to go find my assistant, and put it, in the books. Yeah." He finished his scotch then headed over towards Mary.
"If you were a guinea pig for the important experiments, you'd know it, Rogers," Tony said with a smirk. "If you get that excited over it, let me know when you're back, we can get started right away. I've got a couple of questionable things that Bruce doesn't even want to get near."
Tony looked back at Steve. "You said that already..... You keep saying together." Steve could see something in Tony's eyes, something crumbling, shaking his foundation.
“Your sarcasm is showing,” Peter said muffled into his chest, and Tony snorted with a laugh.
"You are such a mother hen," Tony half complained. The doors shut and they were brought up to Steve's floor.
"I haven't been there for you, not when you needed me." His thumb started to rub one of the lobes of Steve's ear. "And my volcano is erupting, but you're still here. I don't deserve that, but it doesn't change the fact that you didn't run. I'm gonna be there, I Swear to you, I'm gonna be at your side, coaching you through this, but Steve," Tony closed his eyes, trying not to beg. "I need to know why I got someone injured, or maybe killed, someone I cared about. I can't go and face that family without having an answer."
"Okay, Daddy!" Peter grinned at him, which meant that Tony had to smile. Peter's smile more infectious than the common cold. Tony always thought that Peter's smile looked more like Mary's than his own. "Now, we should probably get back over to your place, and leave your neighbor here to his own day. I'm sure he has his own plans today."
“Nope!” Tony called out, attempting to keep a couple steps in front of Steve. “Taking the long week, straight into the weekend, which starts as soon as the kids get out of school.” Tony called the elevator, then turned to put a hand on Steve’s chest to keep him back. He could see the tiny lift of Tony’s lips, and knew that this was the start of a long game. “Hey J?” Tony started to back into the elevator, Steve following him. “Where’s my precious second child?”
"And here I thought that the only kind of suit you owned was black," Tony told the groom. He was wearing a white suit, rather reminiscent of his work outfit, with a black shirt, and a white tie.
"The bedrooms are down this way," Tony said as he walked down the first hallway to the right. Tony had always liked his bedroom to be at the end of the hallway, far away from anyone else that might have been staying there, but when he moved back there, and Peter had seen the place, he had instantly claimed the first bedroom, and insisted that Tony take the room right next door to him. Peter claimed that if he was closer to his Daddy, and the living room, then the monsters in the night couldn't get him. The hallway was too long to travel, the little boy had insisted, giving monsters too much time to catch him. Tony had been unable to say no.
"Of course I would," Tony said. "If I was in a relationship, I would try and take it seriously."
"Greeting, Ms Parker," Jarvis greeted as Mary walked into the kitchen, then stopped, looking at Tony, and the mess.
“Jarvis still has eyes everywhere, and we’re prepared.”
“I’m not approachable,” Bucky said with a frown. “What is it with kids?”
Tony saw the gas leaking from the car that his body, and head, had just become intimately familiar with, and saw the man moving closer int he broken mirror. He had a shot. Those whips were conducting electricity, and they were making sparks as they dragged across the ground. Tony saw the chest piece, something that looked frighteningly familiar, and he was already working out how the set-up worked. He had to time this just right.
Barely a second later Pepper's voice was coming out through the office. "Tony, you can't be serious."
"He shoved me away," he heard Mary's mother hiss to her husband in the hallway. "Nearly slammed me into the dresser, he shouldn't be coddled-"
“You’re welcome for information that you didn’t even have,” Tony shot back. “You’re also welcome for not putting out the word that your back, and calling for your brother.” Loki nearly hissed, and Tony didn’t try to stop the smile from crossing his lips. “Tensions are a little high in the building, if you hadn’t noticed, so I’m sure it will be no problem to get that word spread.”
tonight,
Tony pulled away, gasping for breath, and fell back to the floor, stumbling. His hands were shaking and he shot a glare at the woman, then too Loki when he saw her walking over to him. Tony wrapped his arms around his knees, shaking his head minutely at Steve. Being touched was the last thing he wanted right now. His skin tingled and crawled, and he needed to try and shake it off again.
Bucky shifted his leg, his foot sticking out now, and Jamie let out a delighted squeal, instantly leaning forward to grab at his sock. “This is really weird, kid,” he said when she managed to pull it off. Jamie put her foot next to his, then started pointing at the different toes, babbling, like she was teaching Bucky something. He tilted his head a little. “You don’t say? Yeah, okay, go ahead and tell me more.” If anything, she seemed to get louder, more excited.
"When you say it like that, I get the feeling that it's going to be personal." Mary stopped, her hair pulled back, practicing some hand-to-hand on a dummy. "I don't think it's about Peter, and you're not blushing, so not about my love life."
“Get out of our room, Rogers.” Tony pointed at the door, and Steve left, his laughter echoing in the hallway.
"Peter doesn't get to see his Dad that often?" Steve couldn't help the curiosity flowing through him, and apparently, out of his mouth in the form of words.
Tony blinked. "Ouch, that's a new level of sass. That one might have actually hurt me."
"Ooo, low blow, J."
Coulson had already been in to check on Mary, his usual chair had a blanket draped over it, with a tablet sitting on the seat. Tony put his own tablet on the bedside table, glanced on the bed, then let himself, gently, flop down next to Mary on the bed. If it weren't for the oxygen mask on her face, it would look like she was just sleeping.
"Yeah," Tony said slowly. "Why? Did you plan on handing me stuff?"
“Oh, let’s dish!” He leaned forward.
"No," he shook his head a little, whispering. "Not yet, at least. We'll wait and see what happens."
"I asked him, then I told him to stop hurting my Daddy," Peter spoke up. "Then he stopped." Steve glanced at Tony who shrugged, then hissed when he moved his arm.
"Not like I couldn't restrain you until they got here."
"You need to rest," Steve told him, stepping closer, but didn't try to grab him again. "You didn't pass out from blood loss, you passed out from Stress." Steve took a breath, pressing down on the mess of his emotions. He would be too quick to anger if he didn't take the extra three seconds to think about what he was going to say. "You haven't slept since coming back home, or when you do it's only for a couple of hours before you're up and running again. You haven't really processed what happened, haven't told me everything, and your body can't handle that anymore. Tony, you're running yourself into the ground."
“Will you be able to see me?” She asked.
“Obviously not if you’re still talking,” Steve said with a devious smirk, then kissed him again before he could say anything else. Tony hummed against Steve’s lips, then mimed zipping his lips. “Jarvis, did you record that?” He laughed when Tony punched his shoulder. “I’ve put a bit of thought behind these next few days, and I’m confident that you’re going to enjoy it. And yes, lots of simple food to make, because I really don’t think we’re going to be up for making meals that take too long to prepare and cook.”
"Sorry to interrupt, but the cafeteria's open, and I promised Peter pancakes," Coulson said, causing Peter to move a little. He still hadn't fallen asleep.
"Yeah, but he's usually joining you in those fights," Bucky fired back easily. "He needs you to take care of him, too, Punk."
Yes. If Tony really thought about it, and that was the only thing that he could do at the moment, the whole day had been building up to something like this. After breakfast, everything just seemed to annoy or irritate him if it didn’t go to plan, or make Peter happy. He let out a strangled cry. What if Peter had been there? Or Jamie? Or Wade? What if something had happened to any of the other kids that were staying there?
"Make your move Reindeer Games," Tony intoned deeply. He really wanted Loki to move.
"I know you would have." She gave him a soft smile that had him suddenly thinking of his mom. The tips of his ears burned a little and glanced down at the floor. "Phil says that you figured out what happened yesterday?"
"I thought that if-" Steve started, gesturing towards the little podium that was set up.
” Easier said than done.
"That would only hurt my feelings. Isn't that taboo, anyway?" Steve pulled out a blue button down shirt. "What about a blue shirt?"
“Oh, is that so, Captain?” Tony asked with a raised brow. “I think you’ve spent more time with her when putting her down to sleep. No, no, that’s all you mister.” He leaned in to kiss his head again, and moved down a little to kiss his nose. “Gives her character. She’ll be a force to be reckoned with, for sure.” Tony put the tablet down on the bed and let his free hand come up to rub one of Steve’s cheeks.
“Neither of the kids were in the video, and I’m sorry, did you see those moves?” Tony leaned back in his seat. “And the fact that Han Solo held his own with just a light saber-“
"Oh come on, Tony. Tony," Obie got up, following him, calling for him to stop.
"We iced up, Jarvis!" He shouted, waiting to see the blue light up again in his eyes. "Deploy flaps!" He waited another half a second. "Jarvis!!" He was falling, and falling fast, a weighted down hunk of metal in the air. "Come, we gotta break the ice!" He wasn't sure if he was talking to himself, or to the unresponsive Jarvis, but it was something that needed to happen. He reached one hand down, dragging his finger across the leg of the suit, waiting for his fingers to fall into the divot of the manual release.
"You're his Handler, give him a new mission." She huffed and he smiled. "Operation: Baby-Soothing."
“No, you get no points, because you knew who Tony was when you started dating him.” Steve pouted a little and Mary shook her head. “Nope, nothing.” The elevators opened and Tony was the first to step out with Steve behind him. “I suppose I’ll just make sure that Peter and Wade are actually putting that stuff away?”
Tony grit his teeth and raised his arm, firing off a shot at Vanko's head, but the helmet covered up again just in time to deflect the repulsor shot. Tony tried to fire his boots to get away and one of the whips wrapped around his ankle, throwing Tony back to the ground. The second whip was wrapping around his neck, and charging up, making Tony's HUD crackle again. He gasped when the power suddenly surged through the suit again.
“She’s going to be a moody little thing when she grows up,” Bucky said with a nod.
"Yes and no." Steve frowned at the non-answer. "Lately, yes, but you'd have to talk to Tony about that one. This stems from childhood issues, and I know you knew his father. I'm not about to get into that, not my story to tell."
"I'm going to take your word for it," Steve said with a laugh. "I'm sure it'll all make more sense when I see the movies."
“It’s not considered cheating?” Mary asked, sitting behind Tony.
"Your damn right," Mary snapped at him. "Now, I'm telling you that I'm dropping Peter off with you today, because I think that this will be good in two ways." She took a breath, composing herself again. "It will let me get done what needs to get done, to help You. And you will calm down enough to think about your response needs to be, rationally."
"Steve, where the hell are you? What's going on?" Tony interrupted.
"Picked up an extra shift, then I get to sleep in in the morning."
"I wear wigs," she answered.
"He's one of the bravest men I've known, and I fought in World War II." Steve heard the door behind him closing and he turned to see a slightly stunned Tony looking at him.
At the apartment building he could hear the TV on in Mary and Peter's apartment, and decided to knock on that door first. After a second Steve opened the door for him. "Hey, hope you don't mind, but we're gonna spend the night here." Tony said as he walked inside. The TV was on, but Peter wasn't sitting on the couch. He saw the bedroom light on in the boys’ room and figured that he was still packing some stuff. "Wade wanted to spend the night with his mom, and I said we would pick him up in the morning."
Mary frowned and pulled out what looked like a camera battery, noting that two slots were already empty. "Tony, what is this?" She looked over and saw him looking at the glowing reactor, something brown, and smoking, sliding up out of it. "That was inside of you??" She exclaimed quietly as Tony took the disfigured item out, dropping it in a red container on the floor.
"Yeah, probably don't feel very happy with a group of bad guys, huh?" Steve said to her, wrinkling his nose happily when she put two of his fingers in her mouth. "My hands probably don't taste very good, and you just ate half an hour ago." Steve shivered a little he felt something warm press against the back of his neck.
"What about me?" Steve asked with a smile.
"Yeah, the Avengers," Tony glanced back at him, ruffling his hair. "We're gonna stay up here though."
"Your team made a mess," he whispered back. "I have to stay here. They know now that there are two kids of a dead Hydra Agent. They're a target." He put a finger on Steve's chest. "Keep them safe."
"This was a board of directors meeting?" Tony feigned shock, looking between Pepper and and Obie.
Rachel snorted. "The Stark Expo, the monument to his ego." She rolled her eyes, but she was starting to lose her argument. "And where is he now? Downstairs, hiding, feeling sorry for himself?"
"I'm thinking powerful weapons that we don't want to see out there." Tony flew out and zipped over to the other side, looking at the people who were still at their cars. "Everyone needs to back their vehicles up, get out of here!" Some of the people murmured as they looked at him, then back to the fighting on the other side. "It's not safe here, time to get a move on!" He waved his arms and the people started to move, getting back in their cars.
"Tony," Steve whispered. "Are you sure?"
Tony turned the hand that had been on Steve’s chest, and laced his fingers with the hand that had still be resting there. “I hope you know that you can talk to me, too,” Tony told him. “Like what you said to me, we have to talk to each other, to keep this thing working. Not fair for me to put all my shit on you, and you not be able to return the favor.” He swallowed and pressed his head a bit harder against Steve. “And, I may seem a bit crap at all this, for a bit, and maybe a bit longer than that, but I’m trying, or I’ll really try, harder, more-“ Steve squeezed Tony’s hand to make him take a breath. “Right, but I’m serious. This is me, getting used to the fact that it’s not just me, and it’s us, and I want it to be us for a while, cause I like this. This, being happy thing, and not being alone.”
"I believe that he is, and I listened when you said that he sometimes impulsively does stuff," she murmured, heading for her bedroom. "I guess it's just different to witness it firsthand." She glanced at Steve. "He's an absolute menace."
"Remember, gyms are like Vegas," Tony said, opening his eyes a little to look at him. "What happens here, stays here?" He started to lean back up, but Steve put a hand on his arm. "Why do you have to question so many things?"
"That's the guy my dad never shut up about?" Tony actually admired that man as a child? If that was the man that Howard had wanted him to be, then he's glad he had a shitty childhood. "Maybe they should have kept him on ice.
"How did you get it all over both hands?" Rhodey asked. he was making a fresh sauce for the pasta, tomatoes and garlic sitting out, and some milk, thinking he might make a kind of alfredo sauce. "Did you not use a knife?"
Landing heavily on his back, all the air was pushed from chest, and he whited out for a few seconds. The ground wasn’t soft, but it wasn’t as hard as concrete. Tony coughed at the dusty wind that was whipping around him, and at first he thought he might have been in the desert during a sandstorm. Tony brought up his bare hand to his eyes, and forced them open a bit. Wherever he was it was dark and overcast, and it was not any sand that he knew. He had a brief jolt, fearing that it was the place from his nightmares, but he could still see the light of the sun trying to break through the cracks in the clouds. Not space.
"It's very serious," William said, nodding as he tried to keep a grave expression on his face. "Incurable, in fact." He crossed his arms over his chest. "It's a very common thing, called 'Fatherism.'"
"Well, we do have to make a plan," Steve said as they sat on the couch. Tony grabbed the tablet that was on the coffee table before Steve could, checking on the camera feed that was Jamie's temporary room. She was still blissfully asleep. "We have a lot of enemies popping up, a lot of surprises, and we need to make sure that we have all of our blind spots covered."
"Your baby?" Before they could continue their argument they heard the jets of the approaching drones, already settling down on the ground. The face plates flipped down and Tony sighed.
Tony grinned, putting his hands in his pants pockets. "It's a carefully cultivated skill."
"I didn't my research, and I found a Marriott," Steve said, sounding proud of himself. "It's only about four miles away."
"Duh." Wade looked at Tony with a little roll of his eyes. "Peter's my best boy, I'm not going to wake him up. And I didn't actually wake you up, I just stared at you until you did wake up."
"This way!" She shouted to Pepper as she started to run for the door. Mary had to get Peter out of there, but it seemed that the suit, with Stane most likely inside of it, was after Pepper. The agents started firing their weapons as they ran, and she caught eyes with Coulson, giving her a little nod, and she moved with a little more purpose. Peter was crying in her arms, holding onto her tightly.
"You got it," Tony said with a nod as he moved through the lab. "Default date night initiative is go. I'm rooting for Dean." Bruce looked between them, not sure what to make of the easy back and forth they had they, how natural it worked for them.
"Yes," Thor nodded. "It is where it belongs, having been lost from my father's vault many years ago. It has proven to not be safe here on Midgard."
"How did it go?" Steve glanced over as Bruce and Sam came up besides Tony. Tony made a silent strangled sound in his throat. "So, could have been better, but no one died." Tony nodded.
“Hey, Pep!” Tony greeted as he answered the phone.
I think a lot of people have been waiting for this chapter, and I hope that it's everything they've been waiting for. Inspiration struck for this chapter, and half of the next chapter, and I had to keep it going! Be sure to check the notes at the end as well.
(Also, I know very little about specifics with the military, I'm putting that out there now. I support all those who have the bravery to go and serve. But the rivalries are fun when it comes to,.... a lot of things between all the branches. I use it all in jest for story-telling purposes.)
"Okay," he whispered as Steve put him down. He shuffled into the elevator, and Steve gave him a salute. He saw Peter salute back as the elevator doors closed. Taking a breath, Steve stood back up, and pulled his cowl back up and over his head, and adjusted the shield on his arm. He turned back around, and froze in place.
"Alright my minions!" Tony called out to them. "Time to hose off!" He sprayed a line of water on the grass, making a temporary line as the blades of grass were bent down by the pressure. "Line up there and we'll get all that icky pool water off, so you don't smell like chemicals." The half dozen kids laughed and scurried over to the grass. Steve walked over to the cement where Tony and the two lifeguards were standing, now also holding hoses.
"I think you have a skewed definition of better."
Was Tony happy with this new turn of events? Hell, no. He didn't want anyone else here, specially the Neighbor, seeing his failings at making cupcakes, but now he was going to steal the thunder of cupcakes, and Peter couldn't be happier about it. Steve absolutely was not going to go with them over to Wade's though. That's where Tony drew the line in this particular moment.
"Got no one else here at the Tower, Fury, I can't do it," Tony tried to re-iterate. He saw Peter about to speak up, and Tony pointed at him as he said his next sentence. "And Peter is not old enough to stay him by himself, even with Jarvis." Peter's face fell a little as he let out a huff of breath. "Send me the info that you have, and I'll talk your people through disabling whatever it is. That's the best I can do."
Tony knocked on the apartment door once, before pushing the door open, setting a big basket down by the door before shutting it. He grinned when there was an excited squeal. "Hey, Petey! Aw man, did Mom put that party hat on you?" He walked over to where Peter was on the floor, surrounded by his new presents from his earlier party. Mary was in the kitchen, cleaning up paper plates and wrapping paper.
"Depends on what you want to talk about," Bruce said carefully. Steve could see that Bruce was protective of Tony, and he couldn't blame him, but now he could really see it after what Tony told him. It was no wonder why the Hulk saved Tony when he was falling back down to Earth. Steve tried to suppress the shiver of the memory.
"Try and show him that things will stay about as normal as they can," Tony nodded. "Also, I missed him, like, a lot. So, you'll know where to find me, but please try not too until later in the afternoon." He gave a salute to the two men in the room as he left, heading up to grab his son.
"But you've seen battle," William countered. "First in Afghanistan, and just yesterday."
"While the obviously see-through tactic of distracting the press is appreciated," Tony started, the two of them heading down to the garage, "I think that I'm a big boy. This isn't baby's first conference, for me." He glanced at Steve. "And no one knows that Captain America is actually Steve Rogers from the 1940's. Take it from experience, keep your privacy while you're still able too." Steve was able to note the tightness in Tony's voice at the words. He had to remind himself that Tony had been dealing with this nearly all his life, always in the public eye, always on display.
"I had to go pick up the last of our teammates." He let the sentence soak in for a second, waited for Rachel to brim with anger, her mouth opening to berate him again. "And I found Phil Coulson alive, and brought him back here." And then he watched the anger drain from her face, along with a little bit of color.
"He's safe, Tony." Tony kept pushing at the hands, trying to keep them away. The hands moved to his shoulders, but they were a light touch. "Tony, open your eyes for me. Open your eyes."
"Oh my goodness," Yinsen murmured before coming back over to Tony, finishing getting Tony in the suit. "It worked all right."
"What's gonna happen? I can't stay at home if Mama isn't there." Tony dropped little kisses on top of Peter's head.
“Star Wars!” Peter cheered and Steve raised an eyebrow. “We have to make Mr Steve see the first three movies, the originals, obviously, before we go to all the Star Wars attractions!” Steve snorted and chuckled, smiling as he picked up Jamie when she looked up at him, wanting to be held like Tony was holding Peter. Her looks were very pointed, something Tony said was something Steve did all the time.
"And to keep his military record clean," Steve threw in.
"I'll hack the DJ's gear if I have too," Tony threatened.
Watching Tony grab the bags, cut the holes, and work with an amount of focus he hadn't seen before, Steve was impressed with the work that Tony was doing, even with the sunglasses still on. He put down a base of blue frosting, then started to put down two red circles with a white circle between them, and put down a perfect start in the middle. He did that two more times, three Captain America cupcakes sitting there, looking nearly perfect. Tony grabbed the red and black frosting, placing them together, before making a swirled cupcake.
"And you've been doing what, exactly?" Bruce countered back at her.
“These are not old fashioned flirting techniques,” Tony argued. “You’re playing dirty.”
"Tony, if you can hear me, we're on our way," Steve told him through the comms. "We're only a couple minutes out."
"It was super awesome!" Wade shouted, grinning. "I almost threw up!"
"-so I'm going to come out to you." Tony ignored Steve's comment.
“So morbid,” Steve muttered before reaching in to pick up the finely designed ice cream cake on the counter. Tony picked up the several ice cream containers, and they looked at each other. “None of the kids are going to sleep tonight.”
"They don't need Iron Man?" Peter asked with all the innocence he could muster.
"Well, then I'm glad you enjoyed it. Never been on a ride like that myself," Steve told the boys. What else do you have planned on your last few days down there?" He was really hoping that he would be able to get Tony back before they got home. Downstairs Mary and Phil would talking to her parents on video call, briefing them on what happened, and that they were still searching for Tony, but not to tell the boys.
"Get things straightened out," he said, turning back to the arm on the work table. "I'll still be down here." Steve didn't move for a second, then he nodded and took a step back. "Door'll be open, you won't need to use your code again," Tony commented. And then quieter, that his enhanced hearing almost didn't pick it up; "Didn't need to the first time." Steve closed his eyes for a second and headed for the door. He so owed Tony for this, he had to make it up to him.
“Gonna be clean shaven by my birthday at the latest,” Steve murmured, eyes closed and smiling. “Although, this is making a strong argument to keep it.” Tony hummed, then bit his lip when Jamie leaned forward, reaching her arms up, wanting to scratched Steve’s face too. He grinned and lifted up his leg so she could get the height. Steve startled a little, opening his eyes when Jamie’s sharp little nails started to drag on his skin. He glanced down and smiled at her. “Still very, monkey-see monkey-do.”
Mary shot up from the bed, rage radiating from her body, and Steve even took a step back. “What is he even doing alive?? I was pretty damn okay with it when Thor told us he died.” Steve put a hand on her arm to keep her in one place. No doubt that she would be on her way down to Greenwich in no time if Steve didn’t stop her. “Why isn’t he here right now stopping this! Why isn’t he doing something!” Mary looked at Steve, starting to frown deeply. “What are we going to tell Peter?”
“Is that so? Alright, let’s do an Army V Air Force rematch next week. Your boy and I will take you and your other boy on.” Rhodey issued the challenge, but Steve looked at Tony in confusion. Tony grabbed a tablet and had to spell it out, literally, because he couldn’t get the air to talk. ‘Rhodey Wilson vs Rogers Barnes.’
(See the end of the chapter for
"Yeah, that's no problem," Steve said, closing and locking the door. He went to his bag and pulled out some tupper-ware containers and Tony raised an eyebrow. "Bruce sent us off with some food, because he figured that we'd miss dinner."
“I’m healing,” Tony replied, making a show to snuggle into his pillow a little more. “Sorry, babe.” He made a noise of protest when Steve’s arm left it’s spot over his waist, but he was then grabbing Jamie with them, and Tony smiled at her laugh.
"Tony, I can't understand your anger if you don't tell me what's wrong." Tony hated when she spoke calmly, like when she was speaking to an upset Peter. He hated it because it worked sometimes. "How did you find out the plant?"
And then suddenly, Tony saw everything. He saw every color, every movement, he saw stars, and planets, and something pulsed against his being. It was only for a second, but it felt like an eternity.
“More than is probably healthy,” Tony said with a smile. “Now come on, Granma and Granpa have already said that they’re making dinner, and I want to go and claim cuddle rights with Peter.”
"It wasn't me," Tony said in a rush, hurrying over to Steve was who was standing back up straight with a confused Jamie. "He wasn't after me." Steve frowned and Tony thrust a piece of paper towards his face. "We stepped in the way of his target."
"How is he?" She asked immediately. "Jarvis told me what happened, luckily before the reports started coming in."
“I doubt that she can understand you,” Mary whispered in Tony’s ear. He waved one hand, shooing her away.
"Hey, beautiful," Steve said quietly, leaning over to kiss his forehead. "Missed you."
"You look better." Steve took the present he had and leaned it against the couch. "I didn't actually realize how much hair I had until they started cutting it off, and the ways to style my hair were drastically reduced."
"There's a new uniform in the trunk," Coulson said, somehow knowing exactly what Steve needed. "I think you'll like this one." Steve just raised an eyebrow and nodded, sprinting out the door. With Coulson's car, and breaking several traffic laws, he could get to the Expo in under fifteen minutes.
"Tony?" She asked quietly, taking a couple steps closer to him.
"Jarvis did tell me that you were up all night," Tony said, grabbing the two pair of socks that Peter and Wade should have had on by now. He turned towards the bed, and Peter jumped towards Tony with his arms out. Tony caught the boy in his arms, then flopped him down on the bed, making him giggle. Wade flopped down next to them, smiling. "Talking to a friend."
"Agent Mary Parker," Barton responded immediately. He was firmly in Loki's grasp. "SHIELD Handler for one Steven Grant Rogers, aka Captain America. She has a son with billionaire Tony Stark, aka Iron Man."
He pulled the boots off, and plopped down on his back on the couch, closing his eyes for a few minutes. One eye opened when he felt a tug on his shirt, and looked at Peter standing in front of him. “Hey, buddy. What’s up?” Tony opened both eyes and pushed himself up a little bit. When Peter shuffled his foot on the ground, he knew something was up. Peter had picked up some of his nervous habits.
“Over the top sweets! I’m either feeling it, or I’m not!”
Those knowing about his Eeveelution family grew by one; Natasha Romanov, who then reported the newest additions to Nick Fury, and then Agent Coulson met them. Surprisingly, all of them liked Agent Coulson, including Vee. Citrine and Amethyst had been instrumental in helping him synthesize the new arc reactor, and afterwards, all of his Eevee’s helped him create the new industrial arc reactor.
"Had-" Steve pulled in a breath when the hand pulled back a fraction of an inch. Seems he wanted the information from Steve more than he wanted him dead this time. "We had, too. It was the only way Bu-"
“Well, I was on the stage before I was fighting Hydra,” Steve reminded him with a smile.
The portal.
Loki hissed.
“See, there you go, taking your bad influence award back,” Steve told him, reluctantly letting him go. Tony stuck his tongue out at him before moving into the bathroom.
"Dammit!" Tony shouted, but they were already flying away. Of course SHIELD would try something like replacing Captain America. Tony was going to have words with Coulson and Mary, very soon. "Jarvis, tell Coulson I'm on way to get Peter. Connect me to Bruce."
Dr Strange sighed a little, letting his head fall onto his hand. “Perhaps it’s time we left.”
"You're not used to being awake at this time, let's be honest," Mary countered with a smirk.
"Sir has done since the discovery of young Master Peter," Jarvis filled in and Tony grunted a little.
"I had tons of fun!" Peter grinned, then he saw Coulson. "Hi, Phil." Peter smiled and waved at the agent. Tony raised an amused eyebrow at Mary.
"Little bit of both." As Mary walked closer to the living room she saw the phone that was balanced on his knee. "I'm trying to pick good songs, as well as ones with cheeky titles. I think we can safely guess that he's never going to listen to these songs."
"You're babysitting all the time now, I hope you know that." Tony rubbed Peter's head as he got up from the floor.
"I'll see you soon, Tony." Steve chuckled, ending the call.
Tony felt his phone buzz as Jarvis came back online. "J, I need eyes on Loki immediately," Tony said softly.
"You sure you don't have any tech in that area I should know about?" He could tell Rhodey the truth.
"Look at me, Tony," the man said again, keeping his eyes on Tony's. "I need you match your breathing to mine." One of his hands was pressed to William's chest, feeling the man's chest rise and fall with each breath he took. "Concentrate, Tony."
Tony hummed a little, taking both opinions into consideration. They would want to see Tony speaking with the people here, that was for sure, and it would look bad either way, even if he had intended to stay for a little bit to talk to some more people. "Ask the others who are staying here," Tony replied finally. "It's their faces that are going to be on TV, and some of them may not be comfortable with it. If they say yes, than they can come in, in an hour." Pepper and Steve looked at him. "I want some time here with them, but I don't want it on camera. What we're doing here, it's not for the cameras, not for any extra publicity."
“It feels like every time you talk I still have the urge to hurt you, and I’m left with still more questions.”
Steve's palm pressed a little on the arc reactor as Tony tilted his head back up to look into his eyes. Those fingers weren't going to rip it out of his chest, he knew that logically, but having Steve's hand there now, he had to trust that. The few times they had had sex Steve had stayed clear of his arc reactor without Tony having to ask. He didn't hide it from Steve, but they both knew that only Peter was allowed to be near it.
"Mary told me about that," Steve said, pinching his side a little. "That doesn't count, because Peter wasn't even one yet."
Steve nodded, examining the metal piece that would go on his back. "Thanks, Tony." Steve smiled at him and Tony leaned against the table so he didn't react to the flutter of warmth in his chest. He shrugged a little.
"I thought you were driving."
“Sure, but we’re going to ignore that Cap just said, Language?”
Tony's eyes widened a little and he looked back at Peter who was reaching out to grab one of his toys on the floor again. "His first steps?? And they were to me?" Tony blinked, thinking about what had just happened.
"I gave you my real name," Steve countered as he sat across from her.
“You know you can ask me anything,” Tony told him as he sat up on the couch fully. “No holds bar. Is it something serious?” Peter wobbled his head side to side, not really nodding, or shaking his head no. “Alright, is it something that your mom would get upset about?” Peter shook his head no this time, and internally Tony breathed a sigh of relief.
“Well, it was weird, so I went with something a little more normal, low-key.” Steve stretched his arm around along the bench seat of the car, going around Tony’s shoulders as he drove. “I’ve been thinking about taking you to this place for a while, but it’s one of those places that I don’t want ruined by a call-out, or just a date disaster in general.”
Steve jerked a little when something punched his shoulder. "I said, No Tony Stark." Steve smiled at Meg, pulling his gloves back on before grabbing the shovel again. This was the third time he had shoveled the driveway at her house, and he was half tempted to ask Tony to order a snow blower for her on his way over.
"He's actually pretty serious about this," Steve said to her, noting her shocked expression. He helped her up from the chair to get her moving.
"How bad is it?" Fury asked Hill as soon as they were within earshot, the three of them moving up the stairs and inside of the facility.
"You both look like crap," Bruce said as soon as Coulson and Peter were out of earshot.
"Jarvis, we get an invite for that?" Tony didn't actually remember this event happening.
I hope you all enjoy! I've made this chapter a little longer to make up for being gone for so long.
"Same drill," he said easily. "They've been dealing under the table, and I'm going to stop them." He stood up. "I'm going to find my weapons, and destroy them."
” Tony would never forget that voice. ”
"Daddy!" A little body launched itself at Tony, and he leaned down and caught him, hugging him to his chest. Rhodey stood behind Tony, little smile as he watched them, seeing his best friend in a way he never thought he'd see him.
"Who is he talking, too?" Pepper asked quietly, hearing Tony's angry voice, but not all of the words.
Steve never liked messages that requested his presence ‘most urgently.’ Especially not from the person that Tony had gone to visit. The text that came from Dr Strange had him moving immediately, with Jarvis contacting Mary’s parents to ask if they could watch the kids while he bee-lined it down to the garage to grab his bike. He passed by Tony’s car on the road before squeezing his bike into a parking spot closer to Strange’s residence.
"Clint filled me in, actually," Phil told him. Tony glanced over at him and saw that he was looking pretty tired himself. He was dressed in jeans, a solid black tee with a black jacket over it, and his glasses. Tony still found them kind of odd. "He and Natasha are on their way back to the Tower."
“You think there’s a chance that hasn’t happened already?” Tony asked, pushed his face back against Steve. “Notice anything weird on your mission?”
“You don’t have anything planned yet, do you?”
"He's a giant puppy, let Steve go." The head of the bed was starting to move up, and Bucky slowly, almost painfully, brought his hand back down. "We figured out that he likes to be called James, if you have to call him anything at all."
“Vee! It worked!” Tony grinned, looking at the eggs. All of the stones were gone, and each egg had changed color; Red, Blue, Yellow, Green, Baby Blue, Black, Purple, and Pink. And they were wobbling back and forth. “Vee!” He picked up Vee under her front legs, holding her up and smiling. “It worked, Vee!”
When Tony pulled out a Leaf Stone, Vee tilted her head. “I know that these don’t work on Eevee’s, but I’m just looking to influence it a little. So using the right element might help, right?” He scratched her ear and set it on the table, along with a Dusk Stone, and an Ice stone. “We have Flareon, Vaporeon, Jolteon, Leafeon, Glaceon, and Umbreon. What can we use for our Sylveon and Espeon?” Vee trotted over to Tony’s collection stones and pawed a Moon Stone, and a Dawn Stone. Tony raised his brows, then grinned. He wrapped his hands around Vee’s head, pressing a sloppy kiss to her head, pulling a happy trill from her. “You’re so smart! Of course!” He grabbed the stones, and placed them on the last two eggs. “Perfect, simply perfect.”
“And to have Wade pick out some furniture?” Steve asked knowingly as he grabbed a little bowl of goldfish crackers. Jamie made a squeak and reached for them immediately.
“You’re sleeping here tonight, then,” Mary announced, pushing a pillow towards him.
“You know where we’ll be,” Steve offered, like it was automatic. He’d always be there for his friends and family, always offer the help.
"That's right," Steve said, giving him a smile. "Only Captain America can have this shield, right?" Peter nodded. "I'm gonna need you to listen to Jarvis, and either your Daddy or I will come and get you. We want you to stay safe while we save the day."
“You should know better.”
“Yes, well, I guess I had thought that we had rested for longer than we actually did,” Strange replied, turning to face the blonde now.
"Father?" Steve let out a snort. Tony tensed his body and narrowed his eyes at Steve. "I know guys with none of that worth ten of you."
"Daddy!!" Tony froze and looked down. There was Loki, standing outside on his balcony, his hand holding onto Peter's arm tightly. Loki smirked and turned, heading back inside, dragging a stumbling Peter with him. Peter tried to pull back, tried to pull away, but Tony could tell that he was too scared.
"What do you want?" Tony growled out. Rachel had moved to stand next to Tony, glare pinned on George.
“Someone’s ambitious,” Tony said, leaned his shoulder against Steve now. He bit his lip a little and Steve shifted his eyes to look at him. Steve pressed a kiss to his cheek before leaning his head against Tony’s. “Feels a little weird, not having to get little Bit up from a nap, or get dinner ready for Peter. I was still adjusting to him being back in school.”
"I can't stop." Tony turned to look at Steve. "I can't stop, or more bad things will happen. These things, they happen because of me! Who's going to be next?? If I can figure out why-" Tony covered his face with one of his hands. "I can't sleep! I don't have time, and-"
"Did they secretly base Dean on you?" Steve asked with a smirk.
"Even with the arc reactor, well, that's a whole different problem." Tony shrugged, trying for casual and missed by a mile. "You know, those shows about the stars, and about space? And they tell you that it's dark out there, because light just keeps going and going. Well, they're right, in a simplified way. There's so much, Space, out there, that light just keeps going until it hits something. In the absence of light, there is, nothing." Tony's voice trailed off for a second, looking at the bedspread. "There is so much
"Well, it's just a prototype. Let me know how it works after a couple missions, and I'll be able to go from there." Tony crossed his arms over his chest, covering the blue glow of the arc reactor. "I know I can make something better, but can't get better until I find out the weaknesses of the first product."
Tony tilted his head back, looking up at the ceiling. "Shit, I'm too tired to be doing this. Peter watched this movie once, I don't even remember what it's called now, I was only half paying attention. Something to do with food, it was based off a book, I don't know. Point is, and this is a really stupid point, there was a character that could literally pull his tears back into his eyes. How I wish that was something that was possible right about now."
“Tony,” Mary said carefully. “Is it possible for you to keep your nerd in check, for just one minute?”
The man glanced down at the two girls, his arms wrapped around them both. "My youngest gets confused about why we can't go home, and I think my oldest is starting to catch on." He looked back up at Tony. "But, I'm luckier than others around here, I got my girls with me." Tony nodded a little.
"We're talking about my son? Recently turned ten year old?"
"I'm not tired yet," she said to him. "And you haven't gotten the time you need."
“Toooony gave you permission.” She smiled at him, and Steve felt the blush creeping up his neck again. “Oh, that, that right there is totally a thing. Is there a story? I want a story, Steven. Last I was aware, you had been avoiding Tony, and now you have a place to stay right here in his Tower.” Mary gave him a knowing look. “I want to know how that happens. I heard what you two said to each other on the Hellicarrier.” Steve looked away, and Mary could practically see the shame crawling all over him.
“Did Peter notice the difference?” Mary asked. She had also noticed that Peter picked up on the arc reactor in a strange, but not negative, way.
Tony looked up to see Coulson stepping in to take his bride back from Steve as the song came to an end. Had Steve added that just now? Was the alert late, or had he simply missed it? Was it a question, or just a coincidence? Was Steve- Oh shit, he was coming to the table!
"It's not like I'll be gone for long," Steve said, lacking his usual confidence. "Still got my apartment here, and everything."
“Daddy!” Peter gasped, tugging on Tony’s hand. “Tower of Terror!” He pointed up at the big building, the faint screams coming from other tourists inside. “Pleeeeease??”
“Don’t you have work to do before we pick up the boys from school?” Steve asked, quickly following him out the door.
Steve's eyes were open all the way now, staring at Tony. "How do you do that?"
"But, we're all boys here," Wade said, looking suspiciously innocent. "We all have the same boy parts." Peter giggled in Tony's arm. "And no one takes that long to put on pants."
"Sounds like you're having lots of fun," Julie said with a laugh.
"He's my AI, well, he's the voice in my house," Tony explained. "He helps run the house. J, say hi."
Meg hummed a little in question. “Oh, just an update on a shipment.” She started to pick up the rest of the toys, and blankets, around the living room. “How long do you think they’ll actually be gone?” Tony looked away from here, down at Jamie when she started to babble.
“You moved me here,” she told him, crossing her arms and cocking her hip.
"Aren't we just lucky." Tony rolled his eyes before twisting his body to fall in Steve's lap. "They had better have the streets cleared tomorrow, I'm cheating and we're getting pancakes for breakfast. And you are never going to tell Peter about it."
Sitting right at the security station. Tony frowned a bit as he walked out, and over to the man. "I thought you were going to be sleeping in today," Tony said as he walked over. The man looked a bit tired, but seemed to have a second wind going.
"Yeah it will. It'll be a thing, a whole big thing."
“Do you feel that strongly about your convictions?” Wade asked without missing a beat.
"Where did it come from?" Tony watched Jarvis access the drive, showing him the encryption protection.
Tony put his mug down on the closest flat surface and almost skipped over to the couch, leaning in to give Steve a kiss, then kissing Peter's head. "Look at my two favorite boys, holding babies all on their own." Tony grinned and vaulted over the couch, then settled on the floor in front of them. "You're growing up too fast on me, Petey. Look at how awesome you are at holding him."
Tony was suddenly falling back as the whips shorted, releasing him. When Tony reached for his neck he pulled off the end of the whip form Vanko's suit, and looked at it. No, the whips had been sliced through. Tony rolled back to his feet, and saw something fly past his head.
"Why don't you like to be handed stuff?" Steve asked, not really paying attention to Tony's train of thought. His mind, and words, traveled faster than Steve could even think to keep up. "Must make it hard to run a company."
"Jealous??" Steve's eyes widened in surprise. "Of what?!" What could this man Possibly be jealous of? From what he knew he had plenty of money to make sure that Peter never wanted for anything, and he had Peter as an amazing son. He had Mary's loyalty and friendship, and a steady job, and was extremely smart. Except when it came to cooking.
