“I thought you know.”
“Oh, Dean,” Castiel said softly. “I think you’re the only one.”
"You think I don't fucking know that," Dean snapped. "It's the only thing I can think of these days. I can't—I just can't. I know I'm a selfish asshole and I don't deserve you, any of it, but I miss you, Cas, god, I miss you." He inched forward on his knees, carpet scraping along his jeans, until he could wrap his arms around Cas's waist. He buried his face into his stomach and breathed. He still smelled the same, and it was enough for now.
and that was how his mom found him once she caught up to him, sitting in the middle of the field and crying, refusing to stop until—
“But,” Dean said helplessly.
is in these bushes?” Castiel said, and couldn’t help the sarcasm that bled into the words.
“Wait,” Dean called out, out of some unexplainable instinct.
“Hello,” Castiel said, and then, trying not to sound pitying, “How are you?”
Sam pouted, his eyes filling up. “I can’t,” he said. “The words are too small. And long.”
He remembered when he thought it wasn’t that bad, and while he gripped those words so tightly in his brain it was tattooed like a mantra, he blindly crawled across the bathroom floor to find the rim of the toilet seat and thought that this was worse. He was aware of nothing but the ugly, bitter taste of the flowers striking across his tongue, the way even the plush softness of the petals scratched at the roof of his mouth until the taste was mingled with the jagged slice of metal. He could hear the noises coming from himself, chokes and sobs and—words, were there words, he couldn’t tell—everything overlaid and engulfed by the stream of flowers falling from his mouth. It hurt so much his eyes stung, and tears dripped down his face and wet the petals as they fell.
Castiel couldn't speak. He couldn't move.
“Dean,” Cas said, the tone in his voice that just made Dean’s head turn. (He wouldn’t admit it if you put a knife to his throat, but he loved the way Cas said his name, like it was the most important word he knew.
Dean froze, then laughed. “Cas, you could’ve just asked.”
for fuck’s sake. And something like that, see, it just knocks him over. That someone like Cas would even give him a second thought. It scares him to death sometimes.
Dean opened his mouth to respond, and a laugh escaped instead. (Sam had run back sputtering, tripping all over his gangly limbs, mouth full of short blond hair but eyes flashing with triumph.)
“Remember when I asked you to the Halloween dance?” she asked him some year or so later, when both of them were in eighth grade and bright-eyed in pursuit of highschool.
The man made an agreeable noise. “The kid’s wicked smart, I can tell you that. He’s gonna do great things in the future.”
“Can somebody tell me why Cas is about to cough up his whole goddamn lung over here?” Dean’s voice was steely cold, a barely-restrained snarl in his voice, and Castiel shivered before Dean’s hands smoothed it away. “What the fuck is going on? Why haven’t you done anything to help him?”
Sammy stared back: eyes dark and serious and already too mature for a newborn, and then burst into offended wails again.
He ran at Castiel and had enough time to see Castiel’s eyes go wide in an
By the time Dean went to college, he hadn't had a flower in six months, and the trend continued. Until now.
“I, uh,” Dean said, abruptly flustered. “I think it’s real pretty how it covers all the trees and grounds. All—white, and, uh.” It took him a moment to realize that Castiel was trying not to laugh. “Oh, fuck you! I’m not Shakespeare.”
He withdrew, letting go of Cas’s hand. His heart was catapulting inside his chest. He took a deep breath—counted to five again.
“Hmm,” Dean said. “You getting a cold?” Before Castiel could react, there was a hand on his forehead, fingers chilly but sure. He shivered anyway, and felt his stomach churn. Somewhere in the vestiges of his memory, he recalled that it had never felt like this before: this felt bigger than him, uncontrollable, like if he held it in for too long it would expand until it burst outside its vessel.
It was Dean feeling, in an absolutely unfathomable way, like he missed Castiel when he was right there in front of him.
Dean said, and started down the street, Sam silently trudging along.
And his mother smiled, eyes curving at the edges (but not like Hannah’s) and said, “It is, Castiel. Hanahaki disease is a real sickness. Like getting the flu, or a cough, or a fever.”
"I think maybe I knew all along," Dean said, "and I was just too scared to admit it. And look what a mess it led to." He barked out a laugh; sour and sharp.
Bobby kept staring at Dean, and then he shook his head slowly. "Listen, Dean. If Castiel doesn't want you to know something, you should respect his boundaries."
Castiel could feel the
Castiel winced at that, and Dean winced back. “Sorry, sorry, I didn’t—”
“I’m not the one who’s going to be looking at me all night long,” Robin said with a wink—so Dean saved up all his money from his part-time job at the restaurant and splurged on a tacky, hideous bright-yellow button up.
“Well, I think it’s beautiful,” Sophia said. Sophia was two months older than Castiel. They were desk buddies. “Don’t you, Castiel?”
"Right. Sure," Castiel muttered, if only to get Dean off this line of conversation—get Dean off of him.
His dorm was a good fifteen minutes from here, and as he continued to walk, his resolve was hastily chipped away by the dark clouds and growing wind. The coat wasn’t waterproof, and he’d already showered today, thank you very much. The bus stop was only a five minute walk.
He walked over to the playground, tilted his head again, and then began to walk around it. When he reached the slides, he saw him: sitting all curled up on the woodchips and crying, so very quietly, shoulders shivering.
Meg looked at Castiel, and then sighed. Stepped closer. Took Castiel’s face in her hands, and then tipped in to kiss the side of his cheek, just missing his mouth.
Dean gritted his teeth and said, “Dare,” because to
"It's obviously not nothing," Dean said. "Is it—is this about the flowers?"
“Stage four,” Bobby recites out loud. “The flowers begin to fight against your body’s internal organs. It will overcome your respiratory system first, then circulatory, then nervous. It’s quite similar to pneumonia, actually, but on a far more exponential degree. It might take days. It might take weeks. Hell, if your idjit ass decides to fall more in love with them, it could be the next bleedin’ day.”
Though, maybe the afterparty is happening right now, in which case, they’d better be long gone.
Dean pulled him closer. Pressed his lips to the top of his head and held him tighter, held him the way he never could that night he found Cas bent over the toilet, wolfsbane everywhere. “You really think so? You can give me another chance?”
find one for sure—
Castiel nodded. “But even afterwards, you never came. I nearly thought of leaving you alone, but I couldn’t resist. Do you wish I did?”
He developed a cough the next morning. When Dean glanced at him with worry, squinting eyes and hedgehog hair from the couch (blanket falling down to reveal nothing but a too-loose t-shirt, sharp collarbone and freckles), Castiel drank a glass of warm water and shooed Dean away to his morning lecture.
the man began, his eyes big as saucers. His mouth opened and closed for a moment—just long enough for Castiel to regain a flicker of his rationality and realize that maybe letting his own mouth run wild and without thought was a mistake, especially in a castle filled with some of the most powerful people on the land—but before he could make his hasty retreat, the man suddenly threw back his head and guffawed so loudly that the bird in Castiel’s palm emitted a frightened, high
He stayed like that for a few seconds, swinging his leg absently back and forth in the wind, and then hauled it back into the car. A little gracelessly (irony not intended), he sat himself back down and rebuckled his seatbelt. (Cas was a little anal about seatbelts, which Dean found funny because, hello, hanging out with two people at risk of constant death by inordinate otherwordly entities, if that couldn’t kill him a car wouldn’t either.)
"Oh," Cas said, and his voice was flat. "I see."
Speaking of Cas…
“Do you know this song?” he asks Castiel, who tilts his head to the side, listening for a moment, and then nods.
“Your freakishly-long natural lashes, then,” Castiel picked up on the change in topic and played along.
“Really,” the girl said. “Who?”
Castiel nearly spat out his water. He coughed and wiped his mouth on the back of his hand, carefully making sure he had chewed and swallowed every bit of his food before looking up. “Who is who?”
“You saved the world. And even without that, that bigger image, being with you two has helped me learn so much more than my millennia. You showed me humanity. I wouldn’t want to be anywhere else other than right here, next to you.”
“I’m fine,” Castiel said for the third time, and meant it no more than the first.
Dean helped him get ready for the date, chucking through clothes in his closet and holding up ties and humming and hahing and being a general nuisance until Castiel kicked him out of the bedroom and got dressed himself.
Castiel’s eyes do that thing where they just soften and melt. “Yes, Dean, I know,” he says, not dismissing the fact that they’ve said it to each other for months, now, of course Cas knows; indulging Dean, and it only makes Dean love him more, the hot pulse of it grow stronger until it's pressing all up and around him and making it difficult to breathe. “I love you too.”
Cas nodded solemnly. “You stole Chad’s lunchbox and hid it on top of the closet after he took my eraser.”
Dean opened his mouth and closed it again. Thought of Cas. "Fuck you," he said, and the harsh, grating tone he was aiming for missed by a mile and hit a trembling, low note instead, voice quavering like a broken violin string. "You don't—you don't get to make that choice for him, fuck you, you
"Yeah-huh," Dean muttered, and continued to feel anxiety like a swarm of ants on the back of his neck.
Castiel tried to no avail to evade Dean’s eyes. It felt as if he could see past Castiel’s skin and bones all the way to the heart. (He didn’t need to see him to do that.) They were always green to a fault, startlingly so, but it was only now that Castiel was beginning to really, truly notice them.
“Ohhh, Hanahaki.”
And then they just—stopped. Petered off until Dean realized that it had been days and days until he had to make a break for the toilet, since that tingling in his throat.
“Wow. He sounds like a bit of a dick,” Dean said pointedly.
Dean barged into Bobby's office one afternoon, when a lunch out together led to Castiel covering his mouth suddenly and sprinting to the washroom, where he proceeded to puke out the half of the lunch that he'd eaten along with another fistful of those fucking flowers.
That night, Dean felt an itch in his chest, a kink he couldn’t massage out no matter how hard he tried. He coughed—felt something soft fluttering in his throat—gasped at the obstruction and spat it out in his hand.
he said, frustrated. “But it still hurts?”
"We've had our fair share of that," was her response. "Worse than usual?"
“But—” Cas faltered and shook his head.
A flash of teeth in a whip-fast grin. “You wanna get drunk? I have some beer downstairs—”
“C’mon,” he said quietly. “It’s Senior Prom, man. I’m just trying to make sure we both have fun.”
Castiel stalled for long enough to hear it again, and then swiftly changed his path to stride towards the gardens, the neatly-trimmed hedges towering over him and gorgeous pink flowers dotted all around him at his feet.
Dean couldn’t do anything but grin back. “No problem,” he said. “Wanna go back to the classroom? We’re going to be late.”
“You didn’t need to,” Tom said, and his eyes were serious.
“And you’re not anymore?”
“Oh,” Dean said. “Oh, Cas, I. Are you sure?”
Castiel fought back the urge to just snatch the tin and run away. “Beth, what do you think?” he asked, faux-polite. “I was here first, wasn’t I?”
Castiel nodded sagely. “So, you, um—” He fell into an awkward silence, sidling between different choices of phrasing so that it wouldn’t come out as
And Dean knew all this, knew what kind of juice box Cas drank (apple, fruit punch, never orange) and the colour of his coat (bright yellow) because… well. Dean was just
Dean was one to enjoy a good book, a good action movie, a good full album played from front to back, but he never got into the visual arts, and as he did his best to maneuver his way into the Castiel’s hall, situated in the East Wing, he was sorely hit with the reminder of why. Few people got to see all the colours—six or seven, as far as science could tell, although whether that was simply statistics or fact, there was no saying—but the ones who did were incessant about the sheer beauty and awe in a full rainbow. Paintings that utilized a full colour palette were considered specialty arts. Dean called it stupid, aristocratic bullshit.
The newcomer shifted his attention to Beth, and Castiel watched his face change—eyes softening, peering up at her through his lashes, lips tilting up into a charming smile.
and Hemingway and all the other girly books that were chock-filled with run-on sentences and dubious metaphors. Something about books was comforting in their binary structure: black on white and nothing more, never more. You’d never look at a page in a book and see anything other than black on white, no matter how many colours you could see.
Castiel hurried and shuffled himself into the packed elevator and stood uncomfortably until it reached the sixth floor, where he wandered his way to the door to his room. It was already open, and music was blasting from the room that he could hear from all the way down the hall.
navy blue. And that picture on the wall, it wasn’t a grey suitcase but a
“I know,” Castiel said. “Dean, it’s okay.”
Dean floundered. “What?” he replied without thinking, taking his eyes off the captivating piece of grass to look at him.
“Those aren’t the right words, asshat,” Castiel barked back, and Dean noticed the pile of snow in his hands too late. Castiel was brutal; it aimed straight at Dean’s face.
One of Castiel’s earliest memories was of her, smiling, eyes warm and cornflower blue. They were sparkling in some way that wasn’t quite like the shimmering plush of the moon and the stars dangling from his crib. Castiel giggled; snatched at them with a chubby fist, and nearly poked his mother in the eye.
“Got it,” Cas said, nodding and tickling Dean’s neck.
Bending over, careful not to jostle or kick anything around him, Castiel reached down for the bird. Gently, delicately, with the barest of breaths, he scooped his hands underneath its body. It was so light he barely felt its weight, only the slightest squirming indicating that it was there at all. Still fighting.
Castiel rolled his eyes. "He was the one who asked me out. If anything, he'd be the one with flowers. Besides, I rarely see him."
Castiel inhaled and felt where the breath caught its way up his throat, snagging on a root, a branch, a blossom. He coughed, and Dean cursed, wrapping his arms around him.
“Yeah.” Rather unhelpful advice, to be perfectly frank. If Castiel could get over it, of course he would. That was just ridiculous.
“Nah,” Tom said. “I get it. You can’t choose who you love.” He shrugged, but the slow shimmering veil of sadness still remained. “But, uh. If you ever change your mind. You know where to find me.”
“Two weeks?” Castiel said, out of surprise.
“Shh,” Castiel murmurs back. “Sleep now.”
friends—unbreakable and indestructible and insurmountable.
That was how it started.
“He says,” —and there were the quote hands again— “that it looks ‘too straight’.”
Sam perked up. “Let’s ask Mom!”
“Oh thank god,” Dean said dramatically, standing up and nearly falling over right again. “I was going to fall asleep there.” (Truth be told, he could have sat there for hours just watching Castiel.)
“Jesus fucking
Laughter. “Well, now I
"Oh," Dean said, heat rushing to his face and feeling utterly out of place. "Mexican, then?"
“What? Why?”
Castiel’s eyes nearly flutter closed at the thought. He turns in the cradle of Dean’s arms, his hands coming up to rest, lightly, on Dean’s chest. “I changed my mind,” he informs him. “This is the best idea you’ve had.”
Gradually, Castiel forgot about the date. Dean tried his best to distract him with movies and awful impressions of Spanish soap opera stars and jokes about infomercials, and in half an hour, he had Castiel smiling openly at the TV, tension drained away from his posture.
“Really now?” John said slowly.
He was almost there, winding around the campus-kept garden with the just-emerging tulip buds for Spring, when he heard the hurried footsteps from behind him.
"No more than the actual disease," Castiel said, voice flat with the effort of restraining himself.
“What?”
“It doesn’t change anything between us,” Castiel tried, a little bit of desperation coloured, now. “I don’t have the flowers anymore. It’s just like I got the full surgery.”
Cas blinked, stirred, and groggily woke up. "Dean?" He blinked again, more aware this time. "What are you doing here? What are you—you
Dean rolled his eyes. Isobel was a bubbly pigtailed girl in Sam’s grade who had walked up to him in class, according to Sam’s frenetic retelling on the way back from school, and complimented his oversized hand-me-down thrift-shop t-shirt. And then they were partners for book buddies, and then they played in the girly kitchenettes during playtime, and then Sam hightailed it to the park after doing his homework in record time and the rest was history.
“How are you?”
“I know,” Dean blurted, unable to take it any longer. Because he
He still loved Cas—loved him from his skin to his bones. He was sure of that, as sure as the sea. He loved Cas, so much, so did it really matter what the flowers say? Unrequited or not, romantic or not, or any millionth shade of grey in between, it was just love, simple as that, and it felt
“Oh?” Cas arched an eyebrow. “I didn’t know we needed to call it. I’ll give you a countdown next time.”
"Dean," Cas said, "you're drunk. Really drunk. You should go get some rest."
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“I don’t think the shop owner would be very thrilled with that,” Dean said.
“We’ll see about that,” Cas said.
So—fuck the flowers.
“Well—” Beth began, her voice breathy.
“That’s—
Dean got into bed first—his bed. Castiel followed. Dean’s back was facing Castiel, and Castiel watched the tension thrumming in his shoulders, and then turned around so that he was staring at his own side of the wall instead.
“Who am I?” the man said, sounding incredulous. The burst of annoyance increased in intensity. As if Castiel
he said, putting unnecessary emphasis on the word, “so does that mean you know where he is? Where I can introduce myself to him?”
"Dean?" and Sam's voice was filling quickly with pity, instead, and a whole hell of a lot of worry, and Dean couldn't handle that (he'd forgotten how the
“Good,” Dean repeated. “And then just let her go. Metaphorically,” he hastily added.
"Fuck," Dean spat out. "Fuck shit goddamn. I'm so sorry."
“Of course,” Castiel said, and then they were off to Bobby’s office, the door clicking shut behind them. Dean stood in the dust, startled and a little miffed and a lot worried, concern suddenly ticked up to the twelves.
“Good.” Dean’s hand was still in Castiel’s hair, absentmindedly playing with a strand behind his ear. He paused for a second, and then ducked down and fixed Castiel with a gaze like a steel-trap. “You sure you’re okay?”
Feeling something within himself strain and snap with the sudden stroke of heady desperation, Castiel grabbed Dean by the shoulders and, ignoring Dean’s protests, walked them into the corner where both of them were safely out of reach from the slice of pie.
“Alright,” Dean gritted out. “It’s pretty straightforward. First, I ask you a question: Truth or Dare? And you pick one.”
When Dean drew her a shaky flower for Mother’s Day, chubby fist gripping broken crayons, his mother had looked at it and smiled.
“Well—I just thought. It could help?” Dean said meekly.
Dean grinned and reached over to mess up Sam’s hair one last time. The thought made him sober up. “I’ll visit as much as I can, but I don’t know how busy this semester’s gonna get, so.”
Dean was expecting something akin to classical literature, so the answer took him aback. “Really?”
(They don’t know this now. Not in the pouring rain on the sidewalk past midnight outside of a podunk venue after Senior Prom.)
"That I can do," Castiel said solemnly. "I am also exceptionally good at folding laundry."
He had just finished ironing it, hanging it up carefully with buttons done-up in his closet, when John called him downstairs.
He calmed himself. He wasn’t here to look good, he was here to be a defender. To fight for the King—or, more specifically, his son.
“What? No fair!” Sam shouted. “We never play with tap outs!”
Castiel’s first gay crush was for a boy with wire-rimmed glasses. Carter was the drummer in the school band, and Castiel watched from the auditorium seats and hid the dark blue flowers he coughed up in the palm of his hand.
Castiel pursed his lips, and then reached out to flip through the pages. Dean watched with a keen eye, some of them Castiel had explained to him on long, tipsy nights, the others a mystery: daisies and peonies and bright blue magnolias. The last page had a lily, white as a snowdrift, and no sign of purple at all.
Castiel took Dean’s hand two paces down the hall, and Dean squeezed it, feeling his heart kick up in a flutter that felt like freedom, flying and nothing like choking, nothing like the cloying rotten sweetness of roses scattered down the stairwell, nothing at all.
The music abruptly stopped. Castiel peered into the room the exact moment that someone appeared in the doorway and nearly ran into him.
It was in Castiel’s bedside drawer. Castiel wandered away and came out carrying it in his arms, very carefully, and placed it on the coffee table. Next to it, Dean brought out the wolfsbane. It’d seen better days, he thought with a little bit of ill-placed humour.
students, do you know how many people got the answer?
"Cas," Dean begged, quietly.
too. Early October and for some reason the university had decided to use the billions and billions of dollars accumulated from the tears and debts of students for cranking up the AC when it was already freezing outside. Dean had been running late that morning (Mondays were always accompanied with the ever-euphoric and deadly, alluring idea of skipping) and had skimped on said jacket, and now, in the steady whirr of the air vents overhead, he was very much regretting that idea. Past him did a lot of things that present him regretted. Past him was a bit of an asshole.
"Got it in one. Why are you even here? Just to bug me?"
They walked back to class together with the sun shining all around them, the birds chirping, the bees buzzing contently in the fields. Cas told Dean that orange juice made his tongue hurt because it was too
“Did you get the surgery?” Dean demanded.
He shut the book, revealing the front cover: plain and nondescript cardstock in cream. One could stumble across it in a library and not give it a second glance. “Dean, can I borrow your double-sided tape?”
(Part of him, the part that sounded suspiciously like Bobby and Sam mixed together, pointed out that no one would put a free coat in the middle of the library and just leave it there. But neither Bobby nor Sam had ever gone to college, and if Dean had learned anything in his first year, it was that college was on another plane of reality compared to the rest of real life. It was like the more reputable, respected version of Vegas.)
“Doesn’t matter,” Dean said. “You can’t dare a truth.”
Dean huffed. “I know you. You’ve been acting weird ever since that one day I came home and thought you had a fever. You said it was a cough—it wasn’t one. I knew it! It was Hanahaki, wasn’t it? And one this bad—I’ve never seen you cough up so many before. Seriously, you’ve got it bad this time. Who is it? Anyone I know?”
"Of course," Castiel said, and let his parents hug him with a voracity and love he hadn't initially thought was there. "I'll be fine, I promise. I'll call every week."
to know.”
“Get dinner with me,” Dean said abruptly, like the words sprung out of his mouth unbidden. “I’ll buy you dinner to make up for the pie. Hell, I’ll bake you a whole ass pie if you want to. Way better than that cafeteria crap.”
"Dad's in the hospital," Sam told him, and Dean was halfway out the door before he'd even shut off the tap before he added, "He's fine. Said he didn't want any visitors."
“There you are,” Dean says, making his way towards him with a casual swagger like he hasn’t been watching him the whole night.
“I,” Dean said. “There’s this girl—Robin. I promised her I’d go to homecoming with her.”
Besides: he’s worn worse things, with less incentive. He had also been significantly less sober at the time, but semantics.
red like apples, cherries, like her full, smiling mouth.
Shocked and dazed and suddenly ridiculously giddy, Dean laughed.
And it was all Dean's fault.
Which apparently goes as far as: standing hand-in-hand in front of the paint chip display at a local Lowe’s, taste-testing tiny little cakes and wedges of cheese, willingly getting fitted into a monkey suit and being pushed and poked and prodded, not-so-willingly
“I can make eggs. I made them for Dad on Father’s Day.”
“I hope you’re all having a fun night so far,” she began, and smiled at the cheers that arose. “Well, before all of you get carried away and start ignoring my announcements, I think it’s best that I announce the prom king and queen.”
“Dean!”
Wolfsbane was a venomous plant. Dean was right. Sometimes used in folklore as a werewolf repellent, often used in fairytales as the ingredient to love potions. Also known as
The man grinned, eyes green (bright green; for a moment Castiel felt a flash of soft, quilted blankets and dangling mobile toys, swaddled by the sensation of home) and expression open. He stuck out a hand—the one that wasn't holding a flannel shirt—for Castiel to shake.
“Fuck the flowers,” Dean said, and it was spat with venom, vehemently, because he had never been so sure of anything else in his life. “Look at me.” He waited until Castiel looked at him, a yawning expanse in his gaze like he was tethering right on the edge of a deep, dark cliff. “Like you said, right? Trust our feelings, not the flowers? How do you feel right now?”
“It was very dark. I don’t know, yet. I’ll have to see in the morning.”
“Now isn’t the time to be a hardass, Cas,” Dean whispered back. He wasn’t rubbing Castiel’s back anymore, the worst of the fit ended; he was stroking, now, in long sweeping brushes of his hand from the nape of his neck to the delicate curve of his lower back.
“Cas!” Dean hollered, and put an extra pump into his stride.
“How?” Dean said.
“Right,” Dean said. “‘Kay, so look—first, the wheel. Hands where my hands are.”
Cas’s smile turned crooked. “It’s okay, you know,” he said. “I just have faster reflexes than you.”
“Ye-e-es,” Castiel said slowly, warily. He seemed confused as to why Dean was asking him, talking to him, about his interests—and that hurt. Dean welcomed the hurt, because it was well-deserved. He had spent so much time wallowing in what he had lost that he hadn’t noticed what he had right in front of him. “It’s quite interesting. Amazingly, although you’d expect a book like this to be entirely scientific, there is quite a significant tie to the philosophical levels of human thought.”
“And wake up Dad?”
“Right,” Castiel said dubiously, still simmering.
"Did you just giggle?" Castiel said, disbelievingly.
"Why the hell not," Dean repeated, and called the takeout place.
“Why.” Castiel let his inflection dip down flat.
“Dare,” Sam said this time.
Castiel’s eyes had slipped closed during Dean’s mini-ramble, but they reopened as Dean stopped at the side of his bed. “That sounds wonderful,” he said, and smiled again. “Thank you for taking care of me, Dean.”
Dean blinked. No way. The kid was seven years old, for Christ’s sake. “You mean you can—see it? Orange?”
“Awesome,” Dean said, anticipation building. He watched, bouncing on his toes, as Castiel finished packing everything up.
I have also had a really,
"Why would it be in your closet?"
The man blinked, a thumb coming up to wipe at the streaks of dirt on his face. Then, he broke into a half-grin, askew and mischievous. “Hey, I guess you’re right. Good observation.”
“Dean.”
“See!” Sam said, triumphantly.
So instead of running faster, Dean slowed down instead.
Red and green, both visible. Complementary colours, Christmas colours. They
Beth punched Castiel in the shoulder. “It’s not your fault, dummy. Love doesn’t work like that. You can’t make yourself love someone. You can’t make yourself stop, either.”
Castiel grimaced. “When you put it like that… I mean, I suppose you’re right. But, no. They were mostly my friends, and they stayed friends afterwards. I got over it most of the time.”
“I watched that YouTube video, remember?” Cas said. Dean saw Sam curl up into the side of his seat and close his eyes.
Castiel cut in swiftly, “she doesn’t. Because there’s only one slice left, and I was here first.”
“Hey there, Maggie,” Dean said, automatically taking the lead. “Can I help you with anything?”
His eyes met Castiel’s, and then darted away.
Castiel turned, an eyebrow hovering halfway up his forehead. His eyes were still that same deep, dark blue from the first day Dean had seen him; impenetrable like the bottom of the sea.
When Castiel started going out—for real this time, not a hastily slapped-together dinner date—with Tom from the coffee shop, Dean wanted to punch Tom. Or Castiel. Or maybe both of them, and then himself.
They really were beautiful, Castiel thought as he stared at the pile held cupped in his palms. Lightly curling tops, and a deep, rich purple. The colour of kings, of royals. They also hurt like hell, coming up.
He googled them on his phone afterwards. Wolfsbane. The word stirred up images of too-sharp grins and full moons on starless nights. Apt enough, Castiel supposed, as he watched the innocent-looking blossoms disappear down the toilet.
"Yeah," Bobby said lowly. "I know."
“I was here first,” Castiel said emphatically.
They both hit the grass with a hard, heavy thud. Dean had one second to feel triumphant before he felt Cas’s arms loop around his torso and in an instant, their positions were flipped, the breath being knocked out of Dean with a solid-sounding
“You’re asking me?” Sam said, sounding bewildered too. “Okay. Um. I guess Truth.”
“He likes you,” Dean said simply. “He asked you out that one time at the coffee shop. Hey, you think he has flowers for you?”
“Not now,” Dean said, and rushed his way down the streets until they were safely across. From here, it was only a brief walk across the pavements to get to their house.
is all. And he was just
Dean laughed. “Deal,” he said, and floored the gas.
“Here you go,” he said.
“Fine,” he snubbed, and—more smoothly than should’ve been possible with his height, climbed over the seat. “Cas, get up there.”
Although he blamed his excess of energy on anxiety and apprehension for Castiel’s surgery, he knew that wasn’t the case. Or, he knew it wasn’t fully the case, at least, because every time he sat still for too long or let himself drift, his mind inevitably was lured back to last night like a moth to a wild flickering flame. Cas was—he was—
And now he was finally here. He’d only heard of the castle (everyone’s heard of the castle, after all), but viewing it in person proved to be an entirely-new experience.
Dean watched him squint his eyes as he looked around, his head turning left, then right, briefly passing over his own gaze for just a second.
He was half tempted to scrap the whole thing and drag the rest of his group down with him, but it was 10PM and the air was crisp and chilly when he got outside, and his eyes stung like the devil and struggled weakly to adjust to the inky darkness of the outdoors, and he’d already gone this far. Stacy-Adam-Jonathan were good people who were just chock-full of excessive energy and needed to drain it with copious amounts of drugs and alcohol, and Castiel could respect that. Really. Even if he’d finished all their work, including the title page that he graciously asked Adam to take on in the document that he most likely hadn’t even opened.
get off of me!”
From over by the streets came the familiar rumble of the Volkswagen.
There’s also Beth with the pigtails and the blue bows on her dress, who giggled whenever Castiel walked by her in the hallways, who taped her flowers on Castiel’s locker one morning at school. Castiel wasn’t sure what she intended by the action: was it defiance? A confession? A request? He took her out to the Halloween dance, if only because he didn’t have a date to begin with. He hugged her close when he danced with her, but when Beth excused herself to the washroom and came back with sadness on her face, Castiel recognized it for the resignation it was and kissed her goodbye on the cheek. Beth’s flowers stopped, eventually, after two weeks. Castiel was glad; she was kind and sweet and funny when she wasn’t trying so hard.
Heading back inside the museum, Dean gradually fell out of reverie and into a sinking revelation.
They were standing so close together—when had that happened?
“I reiterate my point,” Dean said. “I like snow because it is an
"Hey! You must be Castiel. Roommate, yeah?"
. Dean ran from the bedroom, laughing like a maniac, and stopped at the kitchen with his arms spread in display of a table piled with his famous pancakes dripping with syrup and coffee, hot and strong and black just the way Castiel liked it. There were donuts in the fridge, too, but those were for later that night, when they each took one end of the couch and binged through a whole season of X-files without pausing. Castiel fell asleep on the couch and woke up with a Sharpie moustache, a party hat strapped to his face, and the taste of lingering chocolate glaze in his mouth.
The flush on Maggie’s face deepened, and she mumbled something, pulling out her phone, ducking her head even further to hide from Dean’s appreciative gaze.
The walk to his residence was quiet, almost charming in its tranquility. He could hear crickets and the faint croaking of a toad, probably near the pond near the East wing. By the time Castiel reached the building, flooded under the yellowed lights, his crawling irritation had settled into a stirring, rueful acceptance.
It was kind of cute, he supposed.
"No, it's okay," Castiel said. "I understand." He raised his head, and steeled himself to meet the doctor's eyes. "I'll get over it myself. Thank you for seeing me, Dr. Singer."
It was only until they reached their dorm that they said something other than the simple exchange of "Still okay?" and "Fine, thanks". Dean had the keys in his hand already, and he stepped forward to unlock the door. He watched Castiel enter, anxious to see his reaction.
“Aw, come here,” Tom interrupted, and pulled him in close. Castiel grabbed onto the lapels of his jacket and buried his face into his neck. He smelled like cloves and lightly-spiced cologne, and for a moment Castiel was blindingly angry, outraged, at himself, because why hadn’t he fallen for Tom instead, Tom was funny and kind and everything Dean was (wasn’t) and Castiel could’ve just as easily fallen in love with Tom (couldn’t) and you just couldn’t choose who you loved.
Her flats hit the floor at a steady, speedy clip that had Castiel hurrying to keep the pace. "Hanahaki, right?" she asked with no preamble.
“I know. That’s why it hurt, because I knew it was necessary but I hated it anyway. But after that, I started remembering all the little ways you treated me before. All the little things. And without all the worry keeping me busy before the surgery, I realized that—that I could. Fall in love with you.” His voice stuttered at the word
“That you would fall in love with me.” Beth shrugged, dismissive. “It didn’t work, obviously.”
“I don’t know,” Castiel said slowly, but he was smiling.
“I think that’s a brilliant idea,” Castiel informed him.
Castiel closed his eyes.
went well in Castiel’s favour) had bailed on him to go bar hopping—who went bar hopping on a Sunday night?—leaving Castiel to trudge himself into the library, set down a plethora of textbooks, and grind out a half-finished exoskeleton of an assignment through the skin of his teeth.
going to be invited to the afterparty.
“You’re welcome,” Castiel said, and then Dean thought,
“You could
The audience fell into titters. Castiel heard
Dean was taller than him by just a few inches. He’d hit his growth spurt during middle school and wouldn’t shut up about it then, holding things above his head just to watch Castiel growl. Castiel stood up on his tiptoes, now. Took a tiny step closer.
The man craned his neck; crowded Castiel closer to the wall. He met Castiel’s eyes—wide, alarmed—then pressed a finger against Castiel’s lips.
Homecoming was a foreign concept to Dean, but Robin insisted. Threatened breaking up with him if he didn’t come. She had already picked out a dress—one that billowed all the way down to her heels, one the same colour as her blouse the day they met, even though Dean protested thick and thin for a sunny yellow instead.
“Yeah, well. That was half an hour ago, and it was right after dancing with Charlie, and Charlie is on
“Welcome to the Winchester castle,” he said. “Dean should be in the library. Follow me.”
“Dare,” Cas said.
“Have you had the flowers?” Sam piped up, eyes bright.
“Fine,” he said, and Dean whooped, loud and joyful. “But I’m getting first choice for movies and snacks for the next month.”
He passed it to the man, who looked at it with narrowed, suspicious eyes. He unfolded it, scanned it, and then his brow cleared.
Castiel eyed Dean warily. "It was fine," he said. "I told you."
“Always,” Dean promised. “And, listen, if Dad…”
“I’m scared,” Castiel said, bold and blatant. “Remember that night, after you got drunk on the couch? Remember what you told me the next morning, about your mother and your father and the flowers?”
“Sure,” Castiel said, and felt awkwardness creeping up on him like a thin sheen of frost on a cold winter’s day. “So, um.”
but—but that wasn’t something he was going to think about now. Or ever. Especially not when they had a little less than three months left together, and just thinking about that, Castiel would happily go skydiving and spelunking with Dean if he asked him to, much less Prom.)
“Point taken,” Castiel gasped.
A jacket hung on the back of a chair, the computer on the desk in front of it turned off, nothing else on the desk.
“Yes, please,” Castiel said, every cell in his body yearning towards the slice of buttery, sweet perfection.
"I'll inspire your—narcissism—" Dean frowned, and then seemed to shake off the attempt. Instead, he dove towards Castiel, tackling him into the couch.
"Dean?" Sam's voice was etched with disbelief. "Don't tell me you don't remember—"
man, you’ve seen stars and the whole universe and—and now you’re stuck with two rundown hunters in Bumfuck, Kansas.”
Cas smiled, softer now. His eyes weren’t just blue, Dean realized, but a bit of green, too, and a light, murky brown when the sun went behind the clouds. “That’s okay,” he said. “I’m getting better at ignoring him.”
“That’s not how it works.”
“I expect a letter as soon as I arrive back home,” his mother lectured.
“I might be pregnant,” she said.
“It was there when I punched you,” Dean said.
Castiel let out a noise of shock when Dean’s handful pelted him straight at the back of his head. “Dean!”
Fuck Dean Winchester and fuck his pie. Castiel hated Pi Day.
Dean thought,
Castiel jolted, jerked, hurriedly curled his fingers into a tight fist and felt the flower get crushed between his hand. “I’m fine,” he managed, though his voice was strangled.
Castiel barked out a laugh dry as desert sand. “That’s the same thing he said to me.”
"I knew it," Dean said triumphantly, and (there was really no other way of describing it) giggled.
The meaning was clear—
“Come here," Dean purred, and captured Castiel in a headlock, pushing his face into Dean's chest, giving him a steady, firm noogie. He had a younger brother named Sam, Castiel knew, with whom they'd spar together often as teenagers. As a result, Dean was an excellent wrestler. And Castiel had many occasions when he was presented with solid proof of this, proof which was further presented now: squirming and panting and trying his utmost best to ignore the proximity of their faces, bodies pressed together, heat and sinew and flesh.
Robin cried and slapped him and called him a lying asshole and Dean held her off until she gave in and cried, and he kissed her hair and stroked her back and closed his eyes to better remember the weight of her in his arms, and when they left the next morning, Dean watched the sun rise and flood the sky with a burning red as they left the town behind.
Castiel summoned a smile, and then Dean said, “You’re my best friend,” and the twinge in his chest grew into a deeper chasm.
“Eggs,” Dean agreed, and watched Castiel turn away and walk towards the halls.
“Without spilling the milk? Don’t think so.”
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean muttered. “I guess you could make her eggs. But later, okay? You gotta eat dinner first to get up the energy, right?”
done anything incriminating.
“So who is it?”
Dean’s mother slowed, and then gently put down the knife on the cutting board before turning around and giving the two of them a long stare. “And why do you want to know? Has any one of you had the flowers?”
“Now who’s the mom?” Sam muttered, but there was a softness in his eyes, an unspoken gratitude that passed between the two brothers, one that never needed words.
“I’ll find one,” Dean said.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Aww, c’mon. I know you like that stuff. I’m not braiding your hair, though, sorry.”
He was a notorious heartbreaker. Castiel could nearly smell the flowers on him every time he stumbled home from a drunken one-night-stand, some frat party or finals celebration or something or the other.
“Cas,” Dean said, and he was begging, now.
Dean smiles into Castiel’s hair, because Cas just
“Family comes first,” John said. “Family’s gotta stick together. I know it’s hard, but we all gotta make sacrifices sometimes.”
“I,” Dean said, and suddenly found it impossible to speak.
him. “Exactly,” he says. “Goodnight, sweetheart.”
She pried open the tin cover and it clattered, forgotten, onto the floor. Castiel looked down at the pie tin in her hands and saw a single slice of blueberry pie. It was drooping and melting and probably had seen better days or even years, but in Castiel’s exhaustion-riddled eyes it was the most glorious sight he’d ever seen.
“Kiss buggy,” Dean said dazedly, because he was smooth like that.
“My mother always called me a hopeless romantic,” Castiel had joked. Dean had grinned, and they’d sat down right there on the coffee table and flipped through the book together.
“I never understood why they described my art as
Dean smiled and moved his hand to Cas’s shoulder instead; gave it a squeeze. “It’s okay,” he said, the words feeling common on his tongue now.
"He's one of the longest-living people with the disease the doctors have ever seen," Sam said, quickly, as if he was afraid Dean would cut him off (he didn't need to be afraid, Dean's throat had all but closed up and he couldn't breathe, much less speak). "And it's—plateaued, somewhat, over the past few years, but it's not that, it's that he's—drunk, and he's miserable, and he's so angry all the time. It's not normal that the receptionist at the hospital knows us better than our neighbours! I took a brochure, at the hospital, and I think the nurse agrees with me, too—"
The resulting pause was loaded, as if Sam was halting his words with apprehension. “So, why does Dad still have it? Mom is—she still loves him, doesn’t she? Up in Heaven?”
“Jerk,” Sam said. “But seriously, call me, okay?”
(Despite all this, Dean wasn’t keen on lying to himself; he Googled the facts on his phone during that million-year wait in the clinic, the girl with a hand on her stomach and sighing every few minutes. The surgery removed all and any traces of the flower from the patient’s system; removed the enzymes in charge of creating that specific species. After the surgery, recurrence of the feelings would be like conjuring flowers from nothing but thin air. In less poetic words, it was impossible. When he read it for the first time, Dean didn’t know if he felt better or worse. Now, he knew it was worse, the missed chance mocking him, fallen out of reach with every passing day.)
indoor recesses.
Just go back to sleep, Castiel had said, and Dean wanted to scream
Castiel could feel Dean’s smile against his lips.
On their way there, Dean catches the eye of Ash, who has somehow meandered his way to becoming the DJ of the hour at the corner of the room. He shoots Dean a thumbs-up and Dean smiles back, just a little, when the current song (some poppy jazzy tune he can’t place) fades off and is replaced with soft guitar strumming. He doesn’t know this song, but it still sounds oddly familiar—slow and sweet and cozy.
“I’m sure you two are very good friends, then,” Bobby said, and ah.
“I’m sorry,” Castiel said, gingerly testing out his vocal cords. They were ripped to shreds, but somehow they hurt less than he had expected them to.
going to be okay.
They kissed briefly, softly; eager and terrified all at once. They separated, Dean blinking and then cursing as the car slid out of the lane.
“Always,” Dean said. “Forever.”
“Like the midday sun,” Dad would say. “Like an angel’s halo. Like woven gold.”
Castiel looked away, hiding a smile. "It didn't work out," he said. "Tom's—nice. But I only like him as a friend. I had a good evening with him, but there wasn't a spark."
“Yellow,” Robin whispered back, awed.
“Pack your bags,” he said, with no preamble. “The credit company’s caught up to us, and the landlord is getting suspicious. An old buddy of mine has a place for us set up about eight hours due North. We’re leaving tomorrow morning.”
“Punch buggy,” Dean said innocently, and pointed at the bright blue Beetle frolicking its way down the street—going the other way this time from where it had appeared from behind them.
it read in an all-caps scribble.
Dean’s hand seemed to linger on Castiel’s forehead for a touch too long, and then it smoothed upwards to comb deft fingers through Castiel’s hair, mussing it up intentionally. Castiel swatted it away absently, spurred by muscle memory. Dean chuckled.
“I know,” Cas said, looking away to stare at his feet, suddenly looking glum. “It’s hard to, sometimes.”
A week later, Castiel had to admit that his plan would need to be altered.
"Nevermind. Carson?"
unreasonable,” Cas eked out, flailing in his attempts to both block Dean’s offence and hit back himself. He got a few solid whacks at Dean’s chest before Dean dodged, the two of them stepping off the sidewalk now as Dean got behind him and snuck in a fast, sharp jab into Cas’s side. Cas shrieked and nearly fell over, only to whirl around, fire in his eyes as he retaliated.
Castiel could feel his face going red, and for once it was out of pure frustration and nothing else. “You are
“No,” both of them chorused, obediently.
Castiel recognized faintly. Someone was singing along in a rough, low voice that was surprisingly on-tune.
“Castiel—Cas,” Bobby said, and Castiel looked up at the raw tone in his voice. Castiel had never seen Bobby cry. “Please listen to me: not as a doctor, but as your friend. No one is worth this.”
Meg squeezed his hand. Castiel flinched, and then steeled himself.
Dean smoked a whole pack of cigarettes outside the clinic, even though Castiel hated it. He ran four laps around the whole campus. He read the stupid brochure for Hanahaki disease front to back, word for word, twice, and wanted to punch the face of the smiling girl on the cover.
Dean giggled and kissed his mother on the cheek, and silently thought that he loved to go outside, so it really wouldn’t be much of a hindrance, honestly.
“Getting a ride from her sister,” Castiel said.
“No,” Dean blurted, stumbled, cleared his throat frantically. “I mean, yes.
“Why?” Dean asked, and watched, intrigue growing, as the other man flushed.
And his conclusion was this: fuck the flowers. Fuck the surgery. Cas was still Cas. He was—he had to be.
He snatched it away as soon as he realized what he was doing. Left the room with a pounding heart, eyes tightly shut as he tried to go to sleep, suddenly glaringly aware of Dean in the other room, breathing, with a blanket tucked around him and the shadow of his eyelashes sharp on his face.
“Best idea I’ve had,” Dean tells him. “And we totally did; it was an Irish farewell.”
"Please," he said. Please. Please. He could—
“Only if the other person is okay with it,” Dean quickly said. (It wasn’t that he didn’t
Castiel haltingly nodded.
More confidently, Castiel nodded again. "A lot worse," he admitted.
The restaurant wasn’t far from the campus, but Castiel had driven anyway—taken Dean’s Impala for “good luck”, with a slap on the shoulder and a wink. Castiel didn’t think a ride home for Tom was what Dean had in mind, but he offered it anyway as they walked out the driveway.
Castiel pushed open the doors and ran, the rain slamming into him like a battering ram, his dress shoes immediately destroyed under the dirt that had melted into mud.
"And, Castiel?" he added, once Castiel had signed his papers and turned to leave. "Good luck."
“What do you think, then?” Castiel asked, voice growing inquisitive. “Honestly, not reciting off of a panel.”
“Yeah, Sammy?” Dean whispered. He always thought that it felt wrong to speak so loudly in the darkness.
There’s glitter on the floor; Dean doesn’t know how the fuck it got there since he’d veto-ed glitter a long, long,
“Dean!” Castiel grabbed Dean by the shoulders and shook him hard, thumbs digging into his collarbones hard enough to make him gasp. “Look at me. Calm down.”
fine, you know, but he’s always like that—even at home, whenever he’s sick it takes him, like, until he’s almost dying just to admit that he’s sick, drives me crazy.”
“No,” Dean said. “I, uh, didn’t realize it’d be this cold.”
“Dean?” Castiel squinted at him. “I haven’t heard of you.”
Cas brightened. “Can I play? What are the rules?”
“Dean,” Sam started, a sudden plea in his voice.
Castiel heard footsteps from behind, that familiar fast clipping of Millie’s nurse flats followed by the thump of Bobby’s boots. “Oh,” he heard Millie say.
Now, when Dean was starkly aware of Castiel’s illness and how it was worse than ever, worse than any Dean had stroked Castiel's back through before, Castiel was more aware than ever of Dean's scrutinizing gaze. He was waiting for Castiel to bring out the photobook, like he always did. And maybe Dean had enough self control not to ask about the person, but Castiel had already told him the flower.
“Actually, it’s—”
“I,” Castiel said; fell silent for a moment.
The Impala swayed, then steadied.
"Excellent. Follow me."
“Red and blue make purple,” he said. “And red and yellow make orange. If I took red out of orange, I’d have yellow. If I could take red out of purple, then I’d be able to see blue.”
. “What if there’s another colour, one that’s better—someone better for you? All you see is green. How do you know you can be happy with this when you don’t know anything more?”
Castiel just looked away. There was a stray wolfsbane blossom hanging off of his chin, and Dean hated it, hated it, wanted to grab it off of his face and rip it into pieces, burn it and then burn the ashes. There was blood on it, all over it.
Dean did. Castiel raised a hand and touched his face, feather-soft fingertips stroking down his cheek. “You said you wanted to see the sky in the morning. Let me see it with you, and even if all I see is grey, I know that it’s going to be beautiful.”
Singer smiled, expression dry. "Not that I'm ever going to let that happen. You're a bright kid, and besides, it would look terrible on my monthly report."
“Dean,” he said, confusion lacing his voice. “I thought you had extra practice?”
Castiel watched Beth, stunned. “Seriously?”
Castiel’s pulse pounded in his ears. He steadied his breathing, gentle and barely-there as he exhaled against the man’s finger. He was surrounded by him—warmth and soft fabric and a grassy scent that was distracting enough that Castiel didn’t even realize when the voices had passed until the man slowly took his finger off of Castiel’s lips.
"Are you feeling okay?" Dean asked him, every few seconds. He couldn't seem to stop. If he stopped, the silence would engulf his mind like a tidal wave and he'd be swamped with a thousand different thoughts that he couldn't handle at the moment.
On his way out the door, a poster on the bulletin board on the wall caught his eye. An art showcase, it boasted, happening this evening at 8PM, including personal appearances from the current crowd favourites in local artists.
Castiel shut his eyes tightly and focused on the freezing winter air as it entered his nose, imagining it trailing through his throat until it entered his lungs, clearing everything in its path. He tried to tune out Dean’s voice, tried to ignore the five fingers of pressure that were now rubbing his shoulders and gently easing the tension from his neck, because it was only making it worse.
“Dean,” Castiel said, so much in that one word.
"Think about it, Dean," and Sam was reaching that professor-voice of his now, "he's going to die at this rate, flowers be damned, he'll drink himself to death without their help."
“Are we almost there?” Castiel asked.
—and then shut his mouth.
The man nodded. “This way,” he said, and this time, he slowed to match Castiel’s pace until they were walking side by side, shoulders bumping.
Dean did a double-take. “Oh,” he said. What the hell was he supposed to say to that? Congratulations? Sorry?
“Yeah,” Sam said. “It’s just—”
Dean turned his head to the side and Cas was right there, all warm solid heat against him, and he dipped his head down to meet Cas’s lips.
“Come on,” Dean coaxes. “Ellen will take care of it. I’m pretty sure she’s herded, like, a dozen people to the Roadhouse to keep the party going there already. She can handle a few more.”
tall, lazy, swooping hills, children scattered like ants across the canvas, tiny puffy jackets and hats with pom-poms at the end, arms thrown in the air and sleds shooting up snow from the back. The snow wasn’t splattered or dripped, but hand-painted, every speck fluffy and distinct.
Her eyes widened, then, and she gasped, just the quietest little inhale. “Oh,” she said.
“What
“What’s this then?” Dean asked, trying hard not to smile.
There was a moment where Dean looked at Bobby’s face and suddenly remembered it decorated with grim eyes, thinned lips, remembered the split second where Cas raised his head to Dean’s for the first time after the surgery and for an instant, it was like he didn’t recognize him and they were perfect strangers. Dean shivered and shut his eyes until the image was dashed away.
better than pie.
He heard it before he saw it, that familiar slightly-broken rumble, and before the car even turned the corner and into eyeshot Dean had already shouted it out, was already winding back his arm; by the time Cas caught up, frozen mid-sentence, Dean’s punch had already hit home.
So. That didn't help.
"Uh, dark green. With the buttons?"
“Huh,” Dean said, and that was the end of the discussion.
“Hey,” Castiel said, taking a seat. “Tom, right?”
“I know that, Cas; how can I not? After all that’s happened? I get it. I know. But I want it anyway, and I want to try, as hard as I can, because this? It’s worth it.”
Sam shrugged. “Physically, maybe. Mentally? I’m a freaking scholar.”
“Yes, ma’am, thank you,” he said. “Can you, uh, start. Now, I mean? I’m kinda in a hurry. It’s a very time-dependent project.”
“His name is Castiel,” Dean offered.
“You broke the rules, that’s your punishment. Cas, Truth or Dare?”
Castiel stilled. Panic, hot and heavy, streamed through him. If Dean found out—when Dean had his mind set on an idea, he could latch onto it and take it apart like a faulty engine or broken carbonator. He would dissect it into pieces, and Castiel would be etherized upon the table.
get the last word. Which, okay, maybe he was, so fucking what?
Carmen was orange, and she was perfect. She was a helluva cook and an even better baker, and she had a whip-sharp wit that left Dean spinning most of the time, and she was a nurse who used her remaining time to volunteer at the local pet shelter but still left time for dates and movie nights and sex, and she loved every single band Dean loved. They watched the sunset together and Dean kissed her temple with her head on his shoulder and thought that it was everything he had heard of: soft, bright, and warm it tingled all the way to his toes.
He wondered if it was ironic divination or shitty, hypocritical genetics or a Pagan god's version of a terrible joke that made him head for the nearest bar and empty his wallet across the table. All he could think of was Mom, and Dad, and the surgery, and Cas—oh, god, Cas—and the awful fucking smell of those flowers wouldn't leave him alone. He drank and he drank and when he had enough, he staggered home and opened the door and found that Cas had fallen asleep on the couch.
“And why is that?”
"He's a love-em-and-leave-em type," a student told Castiel once.
“Hmm,” Cas said, and then, to Dean’s surprise (and conviction that that slight sour tinge in his stomach was acid reflux and nothing more), “Sam, Truth or Dare?”
Something sharp went off inside Castiel’s chest. “You don’t. It’s not. I don’t need a
Dean looked at Cas, exasperated. Dean himself had been stung by a bee, once, just last summer when he’d tripped and fallen right on top of a patch of dandelions. It had hurt like crazy. Dean had started crying (well—maybe not as much as Cas was crying—but
“Oh, sure,” came the idle reply. “Right this way.” And he began to stroll away.
“Dean,” Sam started.
“Dean,” Castiel repeated. “Can I paint you?”
That night, Castiel was brushing his teeth when the feeling of Dean kissing his forehead hurdled into his mind, and he had less than a second to drop the toothbrush and collapse to the floor before the flowers came.
Cas said. “This whole game is incomprehensible. Why is it a punch buggy anyway? Why not something else? Why must it be about violence?”
“Yes,
"Isn't that poisonous? Cas—"
The man’s shoulders slipped back into comfort. “No, no, no,” he said, rapidfire. “None at all.”
“The question is, are you sure you want to know?”
“Punch buggy,” Cas said, and smiled. “No punchbacks.”
“What’s the favourite thing you’ve found out about humans?”
on the line… “This is your chance to ask things that usually aren’t appropriate. So things like, what’s that worst time you’ve farted, most embarrassing moment, celebrity crush.” For the record, Dean knew all three of those, but it would be pure comedy gold to watch Sam stutter and stumble through another retelling.
Sam had just finished his last midterm of his life after a solid month of living off of nothing but sheer caffeine and tears, and Dean was supposed to visit him over the weekend after Sam finished going out with friends and getting drunk or high or blazed or whatever the kids were calling it these days—although in Sam’s case, they were probably ordering two beers each before settling into a heated argument about the criminal trial process instead.
Maybe he should thank him instead, though. Dean squeezes Castiel’s hand, gently, and tugs him in closer until their bodies are flush together; wraps an arm around his soft waist. In response, Castiel rests his head upon Dean’s shoulder, exhale tickling his neck. Wordlessly, they begin to sway, so delicately they’re almost standing still. Initially, Dean had thought that this—all of it—standing together, swaying together, not a single word spoken—would be awkward and uncomfortable as hell, but it amazes him at how wrong he is. Castiel fits in his arms like a puzzle piece slotting in place, and Dean can just close his eyes and hold him, revel and bask in the weight, the bulk, of his husband so close. He can hardly hear the music over the buzz of his own contentment.
need that slice of pie.”
“How could I forget? You had on that fairy costume. It was beautiful.”
“Party pooper,” he accused.
Castiel laughed, because if he didn’t he was afraid he would cry. “Can I hug you? I know it’s not my place, but—”
“It’s a game,” Dean said reluctantly.
I didn’t even do anything, Castiel thought inanely. But Maggie laughed nonetheless, drunk with pleasure at the full-on attention of someone like Dean.
“Is this what you’ve been hiding from me for the past two weeks?”
sake,” Castiel said, and in that instant, he gave up. “You know what? Fine. You really want that pie so badly that you’re willing to go to such—such irrational and childish degrees in your argument? Fine.”
“Good,” Castiel murmured, and tipped just the slightest bit closer.
Castiel was silent, and then said, “Of course not. People would talk.”
Dean was watching Castiel instead. Maybe Castiel could let it go, but it gnawed at Dean like nothing ever had before. Who could affect Castiel this heavily, this much? (Stage two, heading to three.) The thought nagged at Dean's mind relentlessly, made him oddly irritated.
“Yeah,” Dean said, and then, “No. I’m a fucking mess.”
“I’m fine,” Castiel said, and Dean made a—sort of snarl in his throat.
Dean said hotly as he drove them home from school. “You’re such a geek, oh my god.”
Castiel felt his blood turn to ice, petals cracking from the cold in his lungs.
“And I promise I didn’t ask him anything about you,” Dean went on. “I just went to ask for some advice on the disease. I swear, that’s all. I got some brochures, talked to him, stuff like that.”
He walked over to the elevators, pressed
The man’s face was as flummoxed as his. “You’re wearing my coat,” he said.
"Oh, Cas," Dean continued in a faux-falsetto, simpering and batting his great big eyelashes and really hamming it up, which in any other situation would’ve been hilarious enough for Castiel to roll his eyes and shove him to the carpet, except—yeah. "You totally have the hots for me, don't you?"
“Oh, well, it’s just so much more
“Because the first one was a dare,” Cas murmured against his mouth.
"Yes," Castiel said. "You must be Dean." Dean Winchester, he remembered now. Engineering major, hometown Texas.
painting that Castiel had ever created.
The girl raised her eyebrows high. They were well-sculpted and perfectly plucked. “Okay, jeez.”
“What’s your name?”
Halfway there, his run turned into a stride turned into a dragging, halting walk.
“What the hell?” Cas said, eyes blazing.
Castiel heard Dean’s breathing, shallow and scared, and heard his words through the quiet intakes of air. The apologies. The pleas.
"Dean, stop. You're not going to get it."
“And look up,” Castiel said. “At me, or at the canvas if you prefer. I want to see your face.”
“Like a baby?” Sam parroted.
Castiel shrugged. "Why not?"
“You’re gonna be fine,” Dean was saying, a steady stream of nonsense pouring out of his mouth as he pulled Castiel to his chest and let him collapse onto his legs, straddle his waist on the bathroom floor. “You’re gonna breathe, okay? You’re gonna breathe, easy as pie, in and out, and you’re gonna be okay, Cas, you’re gonna fucking be okay, just stay with me, you hear?”
Not Dean, that was for sure. Not even after three painful hours of intimate quality time with no one but the two of them in the cozy corner of the library, nose half-buried in the textbook and eyes straining to decipher his own handwriting from half a day earlier—when, eyes glazed and mind foggy, he’d resigned to simply whatever he could see on the board down to “figure it out later”. Past-him had been desperate; present-him had long meandered past that point and was now solidly wandering around giving up.
“I,” Dean said, helplessly. “Yeah. Yeah. Okay.”
(My mother did it, Castiel thought. She made my father love her back.)
"Castiel," Singer said, and his voice was tinged with sympathy. "I'm not saying that it's impossible, but I want you to think reasonably, here: how long have you known them for? How likely is it that you'll succeed? You can't force love, no matter how hard some people might try." He watched Castiel for a long minute. "I'm sorry," he offered.
“Like I said,” Dean said, his face cherry-red. “I’m an idiot and an asshole when I’m hungry. And sometimes when I’m not, either. I know I’m not making the best impression right now, but I just wanted to say sorry for anything I said. Or anything I’m saying. I’m not trying to make you reconsider me as a person, or date, or whatever. Even though that would be nice. Can you just punch me now so I shut up?”
Castiel couldn’t tell you when he fell in love, but by the time he realized it was years too late, and he made his peace with it, sitting back as he watched him cycle through half the high school girls. Sometimes he thought about crashing into Dean on that very first day, glancing up and seeing his green eyes, tiny offended scowl, and he thought that it might’ve been too late then.
“Thanks,” Sam said sleepily.
It was just love, after all. Dean was tired of losing sleep over love.
“Shut
“No punchbacks,” Dean said, and grinned stupidly.
Dean wrung his hands over what to bring, what to pack, for the half-day drive there, from toothbrushes to phone chargers, and then found himself, somehow, standing in front of the second-hand bookstore that he drove by every day to his night shift at the bar.
the man said. “That one’s untrue. He’s been one since he was
“I’m sorry,” he started, but Dean cut him off with a wave of his hand.
When the music trickled away this time—another request, a sultry jazzy tune; Castiel had kicked back his heels and led Meg on a quick, brisk four-step—there was no song to replace it. Instead, the microphone crackled overhead. The lights swivelled and brightened upon the podium, where the principal slowly made her way onstage, decked out in an elegant black dress and a coiffed hair bun.
It wasn’t. The scent grew stronger as he turned the corner, buttery caramelized dough and the fruity, tart bursts of berries filling his nose. Rejuvenated, Castiel made his way towards the tables—and then stalled, steps slowing, as he took in the sight.
“Yeah, Sammy,” Dean said, looking up at the colourless horizon. “Like the sky.”
Dean winked. “Nice to meet you, Beth. I heard you’ve got some pie for me.”
It wasn't until Dean was watching reruns of their favourite TV show late until the wee hours of the morning, looked over at a scene he knew Castiel loved, knew that he loved to read the lines along with Dean in exaggerated voices and mocking accents, and saw that Castiel had fallen asleep without a single word, that it hit him like a sledgehammer to the ribs that Castiel was like a stranger to him, now.
Bobby had evaded and wouldn't meet his eyes and spat out his usual bullshit of patient confidentiality, until Dean had damn-near broke down in the office, remembering the way Castiel's face grew paler each day, his voice weaker, all because of those goddamn flowers. It had never been this bad before, and Dean would know, he's watched Castiel stumble through more than one crush throughout their year of living together.
“I told you, I’ve ridden the bus a million times.”
Dean tightened his lips imperceptibly. "You hate Mexican," he said, almost as if he wanted to correct Castiel on his own preferences, which was stupid.
to race,” he mumbled, too quietly for the rest of them to hear. He was just walking, now, breathing hard and frowning at all the other kids dashing in front of him. Maybe he was just… enjoying the fresh air. Yeah. It was a beautiful day outside, all sunny and bright and birds chirping, and—hold on a minute—someone crying?
“Ah.” Castiel winced.
The horse nickered and drew to a stop, right near the entrance gates of the Winchester grounds. From outside the window of the carriage, Castiel couldn’t quite catch the castle: the peaks much too high to see from here, but even with the limited view he could already make out the extravagant paths and grandiose atmosphere.
“Yes,” Castiel admitted. Embarrassment or shame or guilt crawling hot and heavy down his neck.
“Sure,” Dean said, and helped Sam up and held his tiny little hand all the way to the kitchen, where Mom was chopping up carrots.
“Jesus!” Castiel flinched. Bobby clenched his hands into a fist, let it fall to his side with a noise of anguish. “It’s killing you!”
playing softly from the car speakers.
“Yes, I suppose it is,” Castiel said, and he was pulling back just a little, enough to peer up at Dean and show him that he was smiling.
“What’s wrong?” Immediately, Dean was on him. Wet hands ineffectually pushing the hair out of his face, fingers at his chin and nudging Castiel’s face towards his so he could fix him with that same green gaze as ever. It was so dark, ink-dark, but his eyes seemed to glow. “You okay? What happened? Where’s Meg?”
“Dare.”
Castiel grinned back, and then said, “So. Eggs?”
class, I just don’t—
But Castiel never pulled out the photobook in the back of the closet, and he flushed down each and every purple flower that he spat up, and he tried to ignore the way Dean's eyes lingered on him longer and longer with each passing day.
“Oh, Christ,” Bobby muttered, and finally shook off Dean’s grasp. “Just go already.”
Castiel felt heat flush all the way from his head to his toes. He took a few steps back, hasty, his mind in a whir and unable to process, clicking all the way back to a few minutes ago, an hour ago, flicking through memories fast as a racehorse.
“Rumours,” Castiel just said.
Of course, the irony was hardly lost on him two weeks later.
really didn’t make him feel any better. “We can go to Miss Penny for a band-aid,” he suggested.
“That’s ridiculous,” Castiel said. “And oddly impressive.”
Letting the annoyed sound escape from his lips, Castiel hurried to follow him, only partway realizing that the man was walking in the
(Plus, even if Castiel couldn't cook, he could make a damn good pie. And he gave Dean a first-edition Vonnegut, for fuck's sake. That gives anyone a pass.)
“Okay,” Dean said back in the same timbre. He helped Castiel straighten, and stayed close to him as they made their way back to the path. A few students were lingering, concerned glances flitting over and away from Castiel.
"And remember to use protection."
“I’ll drive the car over?”
“Why didn’t you tell me?” Dean said. He couldn’t take his eyes off the painting.
cold?” he asked instead. “It’s your coat anyway. You should have it.”
When Dean nudged an elbow into his side when they passed someone with a horrendously-bright and equally-disastrous haircut, Castiel smiled faintly and made no attempt at a retort or a quirk or a quip. After they passed the student, instead of letting his arm drop, Dean grabbed Castiel's forearm instead.
Dean was too busy giving himself bedroom eyes in the mirror to pay attention. His bowtie was askew and hanging on its last thread off his suit and jacket, but his hands were currently occupied with his hair—ruffling, squinting, then unruffling again in order to achieve that effortless look after fifteen minutes of nothing but. Finally satisfied, he grinned, eyes flickering to Castiel’s reflection. “Hm?”
He raised himself up onto the tips of his toes. Stretched. His fingers, brushing against the underside of the branch.
and smiled the whole way home.
“No, Dean,” Castiel said patiently. Dean sighed.
“You didn’t say no punchbacks,” Cas noted. Dean wound back his recollection and realized that he didn’t. Which meant that the safety gates had now been unlocked.
Castiel was awake. He was drinking water out of a Dixie cup. When he finished, he placed it on the bedside table and folded his hands in his lap and gazed out the window. He didn’t see Dean at the door.
Dean had been right—even with the obstruction dislodged, Castiel's throat still stung, and he could see a tiny hint, a corner, of blood. Like red thread through the petals.
Dean sighed, letting Sam’s hand slip into his as he guided him into the washroom to brush their teeth. He was getting too old for this, Dean thought, but another, stubborn part of him said, Who cares. (Dad didn’t care.) “He’s fine.”
"Hm." A clinical, surveilling gaze. "Symptoms?"
“You feel a little warm,” he summarized. “Not too bad, though. Do we still have that, uh, orange vitamin powder drink thingy?”
“Always,” his mother soothed. “The doctor will always make it better.”
Dean came in for another jab at his shoulder that Cas swiftly deflected.
Cas got the surgery. Cas was different, now. Smiled smaller, spoke softer. But he still liked his pancakes smothered in maple syrup, none of that “breakfast syrup” bullshit unless you wanted to be greeted in the mornings with a grumpy scowl and a ridiculous bedhead, and he still was a huge-ass nerd when it came to nature documentaries and sci-fi novels and he still had the same eyes, same mouth; still smelled the same, like citrus soap.
Bobby raised an eyebrow. “He told you?”
“I wasn’t planning on it.”
Dean’s eyebrows drew together. “Thought that was the time I put a goat in the principal’s office.”
“What in the world?” Castiel murmured, hearing his voice bounce off the walls for a moment before being sucked into nothingness, as if the stone was porous.
“So you just took it?” the man said sarcastically. Dean grimaced.
Castiel opened his mouth to say something—anything—
Sam got purple years later, when Dean was on the edge of dropping out six months before graduation; purple like grapes and lavender flowers, the colour of royalty.
“Isobel has to eat dinner, too,” Dean tried to reason. “You don’t want her to be hungry, don’t you?”
Castiel stilled. For a moment, he just looked at the other—his freckles and eyes and dark blond hair, a streak of dirt still on his face.
“Let’s go,” he said when he spotted an opening, tugging Sam along.
“At your service,” Castiel said, smiling a little.
“—I actually prefer graphite,” Dean heard the tail end of his sentence while answering a guest question. “I find it to be much more forgiving when dealing with mistakes, which I make more than I’d like to admit—which is, that is to say, rather a lot.”
“Maybe you should,” Dean shot back, out of impulse than anything else. Cas’s eyes narrowed, his throat bobbing as he hummed in thought.
And despite it all, Castiel laughed. "It's not the librarian, Dean, she's like sixty years old, that's gross."
Next to him, Singer was quiet.
“Okay,” he said. “Okay, we can do that.”
Castiel said, “But the flowers—”
“Here we are,” the man said.
Castiel took a step back and bowed, as he’d been instructed to. “Castiel Novak, from the Eastern towns,” he said. “I am here to become a knight for Prince Dean Winchester. The King ordered it himself.”
“Of course,” Dean said. “Actually, why the hell haven’t I? Hey, you wanna come over and visit us over spring break?”
Okay, maybe Dean had gotten his head out of his ass enough to realize that he needed to treat Castiel better, but he wasn’t enough of a saint to listen to this babble without his eyes glazing over. “Nerd,” he accused, but his smile was fond. “Sam would be
“Thanks so much,” Maggie said, doe-eyed. “I’ll call you later?”
"Hallelujah," Dean crowed. "I can already tell we're going to be good friends."
“Yes. Truth or Dare?”
“Hey,” he said, and, in a stroke of subconscious anxiety, ran a hand through his hair. There goes the fifteen minutes, Castiel thought with amusement. “Listen, I. I just want you there, okay?” Rare vulnerability in his voice, something even Castiel rarely heard save for the most private of moments. “I mean, you’re going to be half a freaking country away in September and we only have a few months left together, and we’ve known each other for so long and I just can’t imagine going to, to frat-parties and lecture halls without you. And I don’t. I just.”
Above him, through the blinding sun, Cas was inches from Dean’s face. Dean felt the vestiges of air in his lungs leave him in one fell swoop like a balloon poked with a needle.
The double-meaning struck him like an upper-cut and all of a sudden, Castiel felt an overwhelming gratitude towards Meg, sweeping him from his feet.
“Come
“That’s totally how it works.”
Cas broke his rant for long enough to jerk back and rub his arm—overdramatically, because Dean didn’t even hit him that hard. He glared, blue eyes accusing and betrayed-beady. “What was that for?”
Singer tilted his head, grimaced. "The infection is deep," he eventually worded. "It's grown roots, pun not intended. From what I can see, it's been there for a while, actually—just dormant. You must've known them for a while, huh?"
Quiet with concentration, Cas shifted even closer, his shoe easing up next to Dean’s boots until they were side by side, half a foot from either one of them on the pedal, applying equal pressure. He was so close that his hair brushed up against Dean’s face, ticklish and soft.
Castiel was suddenly a deer in headlights, judging from the dinner-plate eyes he directed towards him. "It was, um," he said. "Fine."
Sam, suddenly not tired anymore, twisted around in his seat and said, “Yeah, Dean, you should play with Cas,” shooting Dean a Look that Dean repelled with a nasty glare.
“The red is actually more of a maroon,” he said, remembering the strange-looking name he’d sounded out from the posters at school. Sam hummed like he could understand it.
“Yup. The janitor wasn’t happy. I did offer her two slices of pie, though, as compensation.”
“I accept your apology,” Castiel said.
Dean wilted at that. He ran a hand through his hair and grimaced.
“Your eyes are green,” Castiel responded. “That was the first thing I noticed about you—and then I realized that I could
"That's me."
He slid back, stumbling and nearly toppling over—if it weren’t for the sudden weight behind him, the arms that came around his waist, steadying him against a warm body.
and then
Dean said, “I think I love both.”
In fact, Castiel wasn’t even going to put this one in the book. He was that confident. (Or that desperate, depending on which way you looked at it.)
Castiel huffed. "It's nothing." Dean's fingers felt like red-hot steel rods on his wrist, but Castiel embraced the touch.
Castiel twitched, and then forced himself to relax. He smiled just a little.
choice, isn’t it? After all, she’s the one giving it out.”
He coughed. Dean reached around Castiel to pluck the flower from where it landed on his chest.
“It’s fine,” Castiel said, and wondered briefly how many times he’d said that phrase in the past month or so. “But why Tom?”
and Dean thought,
Mom was yellow—a bright, blinding, golden yellow.
"Hey, Cas?" Dean said, and his voice was diminished, now.
Dean snorted and elbowed Sam on the side. “I’m not worried, pipsqueak,” he said. “Just you wait. By the time you graduate high school, I’ll have the full rainbow.”
“Which leg?” Cas shouted over the whizz.
Instead, Castiel closed his eyes and slept.
“I’ll just take the whole tin, then? Since there’s only one slice left?”
“Resurgence?” Dean said. “That’s impossible. The surgery gets rid of everything.”
Castiel watched Tom walk away, and stop at the streetlights to cough, violently, into the crook of his elbow, and wished to God that you could.
Castiel narrowed his eyes.
They landed with a solid, hefty
Dean shut his eyes tightly and swallowed down the sudden onslaught of panic that rose inside him (what if he doesn’t recognize me what if he doesn’t know me what if he does and he hates me, hates me, he should hate me) before reaching out and turning the door handle, entering the room without knocking.
“Sophia—acacias. She was my first. She had brown eyes.”
“You’re—I give up.”
“Having a good time?” Dean asks, stupidly. Castiel has lost the jacket sometime during the night, his dress shirt rumpled at the collar and half-turned up. Dean can’t help himself; steps closer and reaches up to tug at his collar gently and smooth it out. His fingers brush up against warm skin and he shivers even though it’s burning up in the ballroom, all moving bodies and laughter. At the last second before he draws away, Castiel turns his head to press a kiss to Dean’s knuckles. He smiles and Dean grins back, blurts, “Dance with me?”
I'm sorry, he yelled in his head, praying that Castiel could hear them. So fucking sorry. I did this to you. You don’t deserve any of this. I don't deserve any of this.
“Why—oh,” Cas said. His ears turned pink.
“And when did that mean it’s not worth it to try?” Castiel was nearly whispering, now, voice a secret rumble in his chest. “Give it a chance. Instead of looking at what it could be, see what you have now. See it—feel it. Look at me.”
he knew but his soul resonated and rejoiced and cried out
Castiel shrugged, but he was smiling. “I’m also very tired. These beds are less comfortable than they look.”
“Well,” Castiel said, skimming his eyes down the simple, nondescript shirt and trousers and distinct lack of weapons, “You aren’t dressed like one. Stableboy, then?”
After Sophia came others: some sporadically, others slow-falling and sticky like molasses in winter. There was Cheryl with the firetruck-red hair, Lotti with freckles and a shy smile, and Darcy, his babysitter in grade six. His mother had turned pink and cooed at Castiel when he held up the delicately-preserved magnolias for Darcy.
a scene of a picnic, grey-checkered blankets and grey apples and a grey book, opened to the first page; white shimmering sunbeams split into rays and shone onto the scene. In the very middle of the room,
“What do you mean?” Cas asked.
“Seriously, Sam,” Dean said, “Stop motherhenning. Christ, you’re four years younger than me.”
picked dare.
"I should get you a blanket," Dean said. "You got me a blanket before."
“Not at all,” the man said, and he was grinning, now.
Castiel paused. "I can make Minute Rice," he finally said.
got stuck in his throat like a bear’s leg in a steel trap. “I’m waiting for someone.”
“I—yes,” Castiel admitted. “I’ve heard many stories about the castle. I’m very eager to see if they’re exaggerated.”
“Dunno.” Dean shrugged. “Maybe they forgot something at the school.”
bad day, and I really,
"Hey, what's up with you?" Dean's voice was inquisitive, but lined with a steely tone that told Castiel that he wasn't going to let it go.
Castiel didn’t say anything, only kept watching Dean with those eyes. Dean had the strange feeling of being carefully taken apart, piece by piece.
“Oh. Well. Still.” Dean shrugged. “Tom’s cute. Funny. Charming.” His eyes flicked up as he grinned. “Not as much as me though, obviously, but I think you could settle.” It almost hurt more, how comfortable Dean was with him that he could make those jokes, how far-fetched the idea must be to him.
Dean shrugged. “I got over it,” he said.
“Oh,” Cas said. “I dare you to… make burgers once we get back to the Bunker for dinner.”
“And don’t call me ma’am, I’m not even thirty yet.”
“And you’re mine,” Castiel said, the words like razor blades on his tongue. He tasted the blood in the back of his throat and welcomed the metallic sting.
“Please.”
Lisa had wavy chestnut hair that always smelled like coconut and a smile bright enough for the front cover page of a magazine. She was captain of the debate team and was applying to Princeton for an Economics major. She smiled at Dean when he winked at her in the halls.
Castiel's photobook began to fill up, little by little. Amy from band (she played first clarinet and was the only one who could circular breathe), Ashley from math (she got perfect on the Trig 2 test, the one even Castiel struggled in); poppies and lilacs. Sometimes, Castiel liked to guess the flowers before they came. He’d gotten daisies twice, now, but one grey and one a stark snow-white.
Castiel's chest twinged, and the pain spread like a wildfire. He muttered, "Of course. Your dirty socks in the sink and moldy takeout in the fridge? Who wouldn’t fall for that?"
okay,” Cas said, and Dean almost gasped out loud (but managed to pull it back) because that was the first time Cas had spoken to him. Granted, it wasn’t anything staggering or extraordinary or even good, but Dean wanted to grin anyway.
The Winchesters were one of the major houses of the land—some would say the biggest. But recent news of rebels and spies, of traitors and thieves, had been steadily creeping through the streets. It had been years and years since Mary Winchester had died, but things had never been the same since, and Castiel wasn’t surprised that the King recently sent out for new guards and knights.
When she was pregnant with Sammy, Dean had pressed his forehead to the firm bulge of her stomach and wondered how someone could fit an entire person in there. His mother stroked his hair with ticklish fingers and sang Hey Jude to both Sammy and Dean as they went to sleep.
“I wanna see blue one day,” Sam mused. “Like the sky. But normally, not during the sunset.”
"Mexican?" Dean said. Castiel hated Mexican—would always groan and roll his eyes and complain about how the smell of onions would linger in the room for hours.
Rolling his eyes, the man gestured up and down himself. “Like you said, I don’t look much like royalty, do I?”
knowing they’re doing it out of sheer necessity? Out of pity? It’s worse than anything the disease could bring. It’s the worst feeling in the world.”
she said, vehement. “Surgery is—haven’t you heard? It’s awful, that’s what it is. It takes away your love. My mom had a friend who got the surgery, and, and she was completely different afterwards, like she wasn’t even the same person anymore. It was awful. Just awful.”
Cas, but the last time Cas had driven anything it was a toy model helicopter and he’d had the controller for little more than two minutes before it had met its untimely demise in a nearby oak tree.)
Cas’s eyebrows came together before drawing up. He broke into an amused smile. “Any chance of a kiss-back?”
“We’re on the highway,” Dean thought of. “I don’t want to pull over.”
no, I didn’t mean the whole thing, oh my god.”
Once Dean started noticing, he couldn't stop, couldn't help but wince at the too-polite smiles and the quiet, placid nods.
“My turn,” Cas said cheerfully. “Sam, Truth or Dare?”
“That’s a myth,” Castiel answered, but—very reluctantly—decided that he was right anyway. The bird had fallen still in his hand, nothing but the faintest tremble.
“He said, well.” Dean shrugged, suddenly a little shy. “He said to just get over it.”
“Why’s that?” Castiel was quiet, speaking softly.
"Maybe," Sam said.
By the time Castiel was in second grade, he had learned that, yes, the doctor will always make it better. But they won’t always make it right, because the love is gone with the flowers. The picturebook had never told him that—although in retrospect he admitted it may have been implied, but nonetheless, Castiel felt a prickle of irritation and wondered, vaguely, with the halcyon glow of a child who thinks they’re older than they are, why the boy next door didn’t just love Hannah back.
Dean hummed. “Yeah.”
“Breathe,” Dean’s voice commanded, as a hand came down solidly on Castiel’s back. “Just breathe. You’re gonna be okay. Yeah, you got it, just like that. You’re okay.”
“Then why won’t you let me save you?” Bobby pleaded.
“Good,” Dean said. “Good. And fucking call me if anything happens.”
His father blearily opened his eyes, saw Dean, and scowled. “What are you doing here?” he said.
"No." Castiel pursed his lips, his eyes downcast and suddenly so, so sad.
“Not if you never actually broke up.”
“I see,” Cas said slowly. “I think I get it now.”
Cas dared Sam to sing along to the next song playing in the car, and Dean spent the next four minutes furiously covering his ears.
Cas’s lips were soft and warm and sunny-sweet, and when he pulled back Dean nearly whined at the loss.
His mother dug up an old photobook from the closet and a stack of encyclopedias. Two days later (Castiel could be patient) he carefully slid the small white acacia into the first page of the photobook, and, using his father’s good fountain pen, wrote
Castiel whirled around and came face-to-face with a stranger with messy, close-cropped hair and freckles and green eyes that were currently glaring absolute
He scowls; tries valiantly to shake off the bits and pieces of sparkly confetti off of his dress pants. They’d cost over seventy bucks, and if you’d told him months ago that he’d spend any amount over twenty on a piece of clothing, or step foot within a boutique, he’d punch you in the face. The things he does for love.
"Oh, Cas," Dean would say with a false air of despair. "One day, you'll fall to my charms."
"And don't stay out too late."
green, for fuck’s sake.
Heart immediately kicking up into a furious batter, Castiel whirled around, one hand instinctively raising while the other quickly drew the bird safely to his chest.
“Okay,” Castiel said, and they spent a few seconds in awkward silence. Was he supposed to—lean in? Kiss him? Hug him?
Dean just kept looking at him in that silently-hopeful way of his.
Everyone called Cas weird. He never spoke, and even when Miss Penny called on him, always whispered. He never shared his food with anyone else, the way everyone else did; instead, he would sit very still in his seat and eat his sandwich, bite by bite, until it was all finished—both halves—and then eat his goldfish crackers, and then drink his juice box, and then he would sit there, sometimes reading, sometimes staring out the window, until lunch was over.
"You totally just giggled."
believe in angels, but I was still surprised. Especially because all the lore I’ve read depicts angels, seraphs, as these great mythical creatures, and then, well, I see you in that trenchcoat in a dirty motel.” He let out a short laugh, embarrassed. “No offence intended.”
“I’m okay,” he finally said, his voice nothing more than a breath.
“Breakfast,” Castiel agreed, helping Dean up. “I can get started on some scrambled eggs.”
Dean stammered helplessly, then dropped his hands, twisting his fingers together with anxiety. "I know," he muttered. "I'm sorry, I just—he's my best friend, y'know?"
He raised his head. Turned, in bewilderment, hand slipping off the door handle. The “Cas?” that followed was quiet, muted, swept away by the wind.
He still hadn’t picked out one for the photobook, yet, although he’s had more occasion to count than ever before. He didn’t know why, but every time he thought of sliding that flower in between the pages to preserve for decades on end, he felt sick to his stomach. Like pressing them between the pages meant solidifying the fact and making it real. Even though he knew it was all too real all too long ago.
“I’d love to,” Castiel said, sounding faint. “That would be lovely. Thank you.”
“Like a stranger,” Castiel murmured. “It’s an effect of the surgery.”
"Castiel, wasn't it? Memorable name. Oh, come here—" Castiel grunted as he was yanked into a fierce hug. "So you've got a case of unrequited love, huh?"
“It needs to dry for a day before I can safely handle it,” Castiel said, “so don’t touch it.”
And that’s how Dean ended up waving Cas off with the excuse of extra football practice, watching him carefully until he was out of sight, and then idling near the bright blue Beetle after school until the blonde-haired substitute teacher exited the building, running towards him and waving her keys and threatening bodily harm if Dean had keyed her car, or slashed her tires, or spray-painted her windshield.
“Like Dean’s Zeppelin tape,” Cas added. “To someone who is unfamiliar with the artist, the tracks mean nothing, but for Dean, it’s a collection of his memories. It’s a part of his soul.” He was smiling, now, head bobbing gently to—and that had to be one
“Surprise?” the man said weakly.
Still skeptical, but deciding that he was too far gone to turn back now, Castiel couldn’t do much more than to follow.
A moment of silence, then; a strange, funny little choked-off gasping noise from above. "You used to call me Cas," Cas said. "Before."
Castiel did a double-take. Dean let the words hang in the air.
he said, even though it didn’t hurt that much (one tended to develop a tolerance after so many hits; add football practice and a general clumsiness on top and nothing really hurt that much, anymore). It was more out of surprise than anything, because underneath those cute fuzzy sweaters and nerdy button-ups, Cas could pack a serious punch. Goddamn.
he said.
stare without even turning around. Scowling to himself, he tried again—and his feet slipped in the dirt.
“Nevermind,” Dean said, and smiled as he heard Castiel humming some indistinguishable tune as he walked towards the kitchen. He stayed sitting for a few minutes, and then got up to chase down Castiel before he could fuck up the scrambled eggs.
When Castiel came out of Bobby’s office, Bobby’s face was carefully composed and so was Castiel’s, but Dean didn’t care, saw through all of it in his flurry and mess of emotions; grabbed Castiel’s arm and had dragged him halfway to the exits before Castiel dug in his heels and yanked himself away.
Castiel gasped and coughed and spat out the final volleys of flowers, guided by Dean’s soothing tone and the steady circles he was rubbing on his back.
“I would be alright with driving the car,” Cas said.
“This is your baby brother,” his mother whispered, sounding exhausted but so, so happy. “Say hi, Dean.”
His mother cocked her hip out to one side and smiled, a little wry. “No. Your dad and I always loved each other.”
“And you were the one who asked Lisa to ask Dean.”
Sam pouted and Dean grinned, called him a girl again.
“It’s the colour of the sunset,” Sam said, sounding shy, now, and with just the smallest of smiles. “And oranges. Well, duh. But still.”
“You think I’m a stableboy,” he finally said. Just a breath, an awed statement.
Dean’s smile skittered at that, his eyes disobeying him to dart up at the rearview mirror and catch the flutter-flash of a tan coat, because—
as you are bound to answer as such from the rules of the game—what was your first impression of me?”
“It’s not like that,” Castiel said. “I just—I’m sorry. I’m really sorry.”
“I think you have trust issues,” the man said without turning around.
“Come with me,” a pleasant-faced nurse said, leading Castiel over to another room for his vitals and leaving Dean to twiddle his thumbs and stare at the tick-tick-ticking of the clock hanging across the wall with worry and impatience both.
"Tom?"
“You two live together?” Bobby abruptly cut in, completely unexpected.
So. He was going to get over it. He would get over it.
“And how would you know?”
He heard Sam blow out a low breath from the other side of the receiver. "I mean. Today and all."
“Shh, c’mon,” he mumbled, holding him close to his chest. Against Castiel’s back, he rubbed firm, steady circles while Castiel shuddered and shook through fits of coughing so fierce they wracked his entire frame, weak as a baby lamb. “You’re okay. You’re gonna be okay, I promise.”
bad day, and I would really appreciate a slice of pie as well.”
“I think it’s for you,” she admitted, her voice hushed.
Bobby ground his teeth, and then let out a heavy sigh. "You two, I swear," he muttered. "You can see for yourself just how well he’s doing.”
Dean sucked in another breath of stale hospital air and let it out in an exasperated huff. He sat back down in his chair and jiggled his leg and resisted the urge to run to the corner store and buy another pack of cigarettes.
“It’s fine,” he said, voice quiet. “I get it. You don’t want me interfering.”
"God," he had said, near begging. "Please, Bobby. I know he's not telling me everything. He's—we don't—we tell each other everything, but he won't tell me this. It's driving me crazy."
Cas’s bottom lip quivered again, but he pulled himself back together quickly. He held out his right arm towards Dean, unclasping his fingers from a fist to display them.
No, Castiel thought, he really wouldn't. He couldn't, because if he did it would only make it worse (rejection speeds up the process, he remembered, a blurb from a webpage he had seen, and so did overt kindness and love from Dean to him, love that was purely platonic and would be nothing, never, more, because it did nothing but serve to drill in the fact that Castiel was hopelessly in love with someone that would never love him back, and the idea that Dean did love him, just in a way that was all wrong, made the flowers grow with a ferocity that blossomed tenfold).
“State your purpose,” one of them said stiffly.
Of course, that’s what Dean thought.
Anna was yellow: like Mom. It should have meant more to him than it turned out to. She had red hair and always smelled like strawberry shampoo, and Dean stroked it back and kissed her on the forehead when she was too tired to do anything else. He talked to her, too, but about happy things: about the way every teacher at every school they went to fell head-over-heels for Sam’s dimples and eagerness to learn, about the way John dressed up as Santa Claus when Dean was three and Dean was so excited he ripped the beard straight off, about how Spring was coming, the snow melting into sunshine and blossoming flowerbuds. He bought a camera and went out on walks to the forest trails outside to take photos of it all, the squirrels and the flowerbuds and the black-capped chickadees, and showed her sitting on the chair next to her hospital bed.
Castiel hadn’t liked it. “It’s not real,” he said with the stubborn omniscience of a reluctant toddler. “It’s fic-tio-nal. Like the big bad wolf.”
When Dean walked Sam to school the next morning, they exited the house with soft, careful steps, delicately as to not step on the shards of glass on the tiled floor and the billowing sprawl of rose petals, black like a starless sky.
… Maybe in more than one way. He had messy black hair and a strong jaw, and Dean didn’t realize that his cursory glance had lasted for more than a few seconds until the man shifted, paused with one hand turning the page, and looked up to meet Dean’s eyes with his own, bright blue ones.
He stood up—neck aching and knees stiff—stretched. Began to pace around the library, realizing suddenly that the amount of people had dwindled significantly. Only a few scattered students remained, the sound of frantic typing emerging from another cubicle (Dean sent them a mental
Dean woke up in his bed, the blankets haphazardly draped over him. His mouth tasted like shit and he wanted to throw up in more than one way. He staggered to the toilet and lifted the seat and had enough thought to brush the hair out of his face before he was vomiting, flowers and bile alike.
“Come on,” he murmured. “Let’s go home.”
(The brochure had been printed in a simpering bubbly font.
When he returned from his last lap around the campus (what if the procedure was over now what if Cas was back, standing there in the waiting room, looking for Dean and Dean wasn’t there, even though Bobby had said it’d take two hours and it had been 90 minutes at most), there was another girl in the waiting room, sitting across from the room. She was tapping on her phone incessantly, and it mixed with the hum of the lights until Dean couldn’t stand it anymore.
“Sammmy,” he drawled, pitching his voice to his top-notch annoying tone and turning his head to see his brother, who blinked blearily into consciousness.
“Well, if you’re not, why don’t you tell me who you really are?” Castiel asked techily.
The next time Lisa passed him in the halls, Dean winked at her and, before she could smile, slipped his number into her soft, warm palm. He took her to the staff washroom with a lock on the third floor for five days until the itching in his chest went away. They went to the Winter ball together, and her lips were plush and sticky with lipstick when he kissed her, and her waist was trim and warm against his hand.
Dean never took her home, but he drove her in the Impala out to the lookout point and to movie theatres, to restaurants that he paid for in crumpled five-dollar bills. He went to her house, where her parents cooed and called him
The teacher eyed Dean one last time before sighing again, muttering something under her breath, and unlocking the car.
Castiel waited a long time. Dean let him; would wait a hundred days more, a thousand, now that he wasn’t blindly chasing petals.
“Cas.” His eyes, wide and earnest and still so green. “Don’t. Come on.” His voice, quiet.
“You can’t just
The cancer had been near-untreatable by the time Dean met her, and she died six weeks later with a smile on her face, her lips still warm from where Dean had kissed them one last time. In the months after, Dean would take photos of every dandelion he came across, strong and resilient beyond belief, pushing up through the icy sleet and blooming into splashes of bright joyful yellow.
Castiel didn’t even need to speak for Dean to hear his answer. Dean let out a half-sob, half-snarl, at the silence. “Castiel. Please.”
"And they still don't," Dean said, let the second half of that sentence hang unfinished.
“Dean?” Sam asked one day, after Dean had stumbled home from school. “What’s Hana-haki?” He enunciated each word carefully, forehead scrunching in a way that had Dean worried about wrinkles for his brother when he was much, much too young to be worried about things like wrinkles.
Gently, he brought Cas’s hand up to his face, bending down to meet it halfway. Cas’s grip loosened until his fingers were loose and lax in Dean’s hold.
“You good?” Dean whispered, a few moments after Castiel had expelled what he presumed was the last of them.
"The usual. Coughing—it escalated to throwing up a few days ago. It happens a few times a day, now, I think."
Cas whirled around to see it, a startled noise rising from his throat before it was replaced with confusion, curiosity, dripping skepticism. “Why is it going back?”
“Nothing,” he said. “I think you and Dean are going to get along very well.”
"Where are you going?" Castiel said when Dean put on his jacket and reached for the door.
"Sorry," Castiel said.
“Okay, okay,” Dean said, fondness a soft, dangerous throb in his chest. “I’ll make burgers for dinner. And since you dared me, I’ll make them the best damn burgers you’ll ever eat.”
“I got it,” he said, and wrapped his fingers back around the wheel. Put his shoe back on the pedal and felt Cas’s shoe sliding off, Dean taking the pressure back onto the ball of his foot; watched Cas’s hand release from the wheel and felt him shifting away, leaving warm, shivering air in the place where he sat.
A nod.
They stood there for a long few minutes, doing nothing but breathing and basking in each other’s presence, and then Dean felt Castiel draw in a breath to speak and bit the bullet and beat him to it.
“And what about the rest of the cleanup?”
"Oh, anything is fine," he said, when Dean mustered the courage to ask.
He could tell when Dean saw it, too, his breath shuttering on a gasp.
He shoved away the people crowding around him, making a beeline for the exit, brushing off the sharp questions with a mumbled deflection. He pushed open the door and ran out into the brisk, freezing air and looked up.
Castiel turned, and he didn’t know what he was expecting but it certainly wasn’t Dean Winchester, waving his arms frantically as he leaped over a flower bush and trampled the tulip buds. The gardener would strangle him if she saw, Castiel thought vaguely.
"No, I don't," Castiel said. "I just pretended to hate it so that we could fight about it. I liked to pick fights on purpose—it was always nice to see you laugh."
"It's okay, baby," Dean said, dragging his knuckles against the back of Castiel's head. "I know you love me."
There were brochures on Hanahaki displayed in the office, next to the STDs, which Castiel thought was rather apt and equally funny. Sex and love, both crooked and gone wrong.
“Done?” Dean said, shifting just the fraction of an inch and wincing as pins and needles shoot up his shins.
“Fine,” Castiel says, and the word is barely out before Dean is steering them towards the exit doors. “But we’re coming back the next morning to clean everything up. And to apologize to the guests for leaving our own wedding without saying goodbye—Dean, wait, are you sure this is a good idea—“
“You too!” Dean called out after her, and then turned back towards the tables, hands reaching towards the tin.
Dean frowned at it. He reached out to touch it, half-peeled the sticky-note off before hesitating and pressing it back on. The coat was cold and the desk was devoid of people, and a hasty look around revealed no one in search of a lost coat.
Castiel reminded himself.
And despite everything, Castiel had to smile.
It was near an oak tree where the chirp came again. From below, and Castiel walked just close enough to spot the tiny peach-coloured creature huddled in the grass.
Castiel frowns, responds in a murmur. “Dean, I will not allow you to ‘play hooky’ at our own wedding.”
“That’s not—” Indicative enough, Castiel was about to say, but the man was already halfway across the gardens.
“Huh,” Sam said. “Cool.”
“Yes, sir,” Dean said quickly, and scampered upstairs.
There was a second where Castiel looked at him with emptiness in his eyes, and Dean thought
Castiel lifts his head from where he was meticulously picking out all the pretzels from the snack mix. Dean hates the pretzels; his husband is certifiably insane. “Hello, Dean,” he responds. His voice is a little hoarse, a little low, like he’s been drinking too much beer and talking the whole night.
Castiel acquiesced, and turned to watch in the fresh open air as his mother rode the horse-drawn carriage back down the gravel paths, disappearing over a hill.
She thought they were a waste of time, a waste of space, a waste of a perfectly-pretty meadow, why bother snipping them of their lives if only for a few days of beauty in the centre of their dining table?
Dean Winchester had quite the reputation, and it travelled like wildfire. His flightyness, insistence on not marrying, and his infamous salaciousness with girls and guys alike was a polar opposite of his younger brother, who was rumoured to have a seat saved for him during legal and civil discussions from the tender age of sixteen.
Castiel hung up his own jacket at the hook by the door and said, "Check mine."
“I run hot,” was the response.
Dean closed his eyes and tried to soothe the trill of his pulse. He was going to say something stupid, something easy, something like
It was only after he’d done so, when he was brushing his teeth, that he remembered the photobook, but he dismissed the thought just as quickly. Dean was—Dean was an anomaly. Castiel knew that, better than anything. He remembered all the flowers in the book, lovingly pressed, and then remembered the wilted, bruised flower from that morning. Dean wasn’t like the others. Couldn’t be. Dean was his roommate, his friend, and even though Castiel knew that his tendencies for men were the same as women, it didn’t matter because Dean was—just off limits. Do not pass go, do not collect $200.
“Now people will definitely talk,” Castiel whispered, reaching up towards Dean to pluck out a stray oak leaf, tossing it to the side before twining his fingers through Dean’s hair.
Castiel turned his head, shooting her a quick but wry smile. “I’ll be alright,” he reassured.
to even ask, sending Castiel’s nerves affray.
"Sure," Castiel said.
“I know,” Castiel said. “I’ve read the brochures.”
Castiel met his face, his first thought being that the man was absolutely gorgeous—bright green eyes and tousled hair—and then he quickly dashed that thought away with a burst of annoyance.
“You know who my first colour was, Dean?” John said. “Mary. She was yellow. I met her in high school and I never looked or wanted anything else. When she died, the sun died with her. So don’t talk to me like I don’t know shit and pack your bags, I’m going to pick up Sam.”
That night was a bit like catharsis and a little like therapy and a lot like a one-sided sob-story, but now that Dean had gotten it out and gotten over it, he was able to approach it with a clearer mind, analyze it like a Rubik’s cube, turning and examining every corner until he had reached the right method.
“I know it’s safe,” Castiel said.
Dean took the sticky note. The
“Like if the horses really wear golden armour,” Castiel said, a soft smile coming upon his face despite himself.
“Dad,” Dean prompted, nerves high-strung as a live wire.
“Come with me,” Dean said, and Castiel stuttered to a stop. “To bed, I mean. Not—I won’t do anything, I promise. I just need to have you near, or I can’t. I won’t.”
She glanced up, gaze apprehensive at first, then interested. “Hey.”
“Look!” he said triumphantly. “This note was on it.”
“Your loss,” Castiel said, grinning, and then lifted his hand in a small wave before disappearing in the crowd. He returned in a few minutes, after the poster was paid-for and protected in a sturdy plastic bag that Dean carried, swinging lightly, the whole way to the back of the museum.
“Yes sir,” Dean said.
"I can take care of myself," Castiel said. Sharply, tightly.
Singer fixed Castiel with an intent stare. "I'm not going to sugarcoat things for you, boy," he muttered. "You'll start throwing up more. The cough will become worse. If you let things continue at this rate, the flowers will suffocate you—growing at a rate too fast for your body to reject. It's going to take over your internal system."
“Is it still hurting?” Dean said.
“Most likely not,” Castiel said. “I think Tom is just a natural flirt.”
“And none of them loved you back,” Dean mused, once they reached the end.
“Oh,” Dean said for the third time, mind stuck on
A dark shadow flitted over Sam’s eyes. “Yeah,” he said, voice low. “I know. I can sleep over at Kyle’s if it gets really bad.”
Dean sighed, and ran a hand through his hair. "You gonna pick up Dad from the hospital later today?"
“He’s named after the Angel of Thursday,” Dean said, a little overheatedly. “And the Angel for Travellers. It wasn’t a religious thing, his mom just thought it was a beautiful name.” (It was.)
Dean rolled his eyes and said, "Caaaas," and gave Castiel his best rendition of puppy eyes he could, channeling all of the genes he'd carried from Sam.
Cas tightened his grip, his fingers around Dean’s hand, stopping him. “No, it’s okay,” he said. “I was just surprised. You can, if you want.”
“What’s Truth or Dare?” Cas piped up from the backseat, glancing up to meet Dean’s gaze in a curious blue.
“Truth,” Cas said quietly.
Dean’s smile faltered, then returned at full force, something inside him squaring its shoulders and setting its jaw. He could make this work. He was always the best at making friends, Miss Penny had told his mom once. A
“Dr. Singer—Bobby,” Castiel said, and summoned a small, very small, smile. “It’s not that bad yet. I know my own body, I know my own symptoms.”
Bobby nodded, once, right as Castiel exited the rooms and appeared from the halls.
it, see green. Out of all the shades of grey, you were green.”
"I didn't know if you wanted to. I was waiting for you to call me."
“Can I see him?”
Sam rolled his eyes. Dean waited for a minute before Sam blurted, “Can you describe it again? Red?”
and made sure to carefully roll it up and store it in the corner of his duffel bag every time they moved. They lost stuffed animals and comic books, but never the poster. Dean wouldn’t be surprised if it was hanging on the wall of his dorm right this very instant.
was on the tip of his tongue but the word that spilled out in a soft, stricken tone was, “Truth.”
“What do you mean?” the man asked, still in that way that made it seem like it was
Now humming the tune low in his throat, he came closer to the tree, ready to bring the baby bird back home.
Castiel was—strange. In a good kind of way. Or, so Dean thought.
Castiel sidestepped and Meg followed. He applied gentle pressure to her back, a warning, and then lightly spun her out, her hair twirling out behind her, her laugh dancing through the air.
The walk to the Impala is silent. They walk hand-in-hand, Castiel being the first one to slip his hand into Dean’s, with Dean immediately holding on tight and not letting go, not even to fish out his keys or open the car door. They’re a ten, fifteen minute drive away from home, and Dean makes it in eight. It’s nearly three in the morning, after all, the only cars in the road scarce and far between. Plus, the
Dean whirled around.
“Uh,” Dean said, trying to sort his mind into gear. “So. Breakfast?”
"What do you mean?"
"Nah, you love me."
"Maybe?"
“That’s called a rebound, isn’t it?”
He sprung up. “Bobby? Bobby!”
Castiel’s heart was aching.
“I’ll pick up Sam today,” came the response. “I’ll tell him on the way back. There’s food in the fridge, we can whip up a quick dinner.”
That night, Castiel gathered his thoughts in a more coherent manner, unfettered by Dean’s presence any longer.
, Dean didn’t know whether to feel relieved or bitter or an eccentric cocktail of both.
“Shall I compare thee to a Summer’s day?” Dean monologued dramatically, already packing another round of ammunition. He chucked a snowball and hit Castiel on the neck, this time.
“When we go watch the sky,” Castiel said. “In the morning. We’ll go to a field—a big, grassy one, like the one in my painting. And you’ll watch the sky turn orange with the sunrise, and you’ll see the purple flowers and yellow sun and the blue sky—and I’ll watch the dew on the grass evaporate in the sun, and I’ll watch the fields brighten with green in the morning light. And I’ll watch you, most of all. And I won’t see grey, but green—everywhere.”
"Look at me," Dean said, and Castiel's face was emotionless, so blank, this awful fucking thick wall he built up in the past few weeks that Dean was always the exception to, suddenly trapping him out and blocking him out, but he knew, he knew Cas and knew that he was hurting inside—hurting so bad—so bad that Dean's chest panged with sympathy, so bad that Dean twisted with pain himself, only an echo of what Castiel was feeling.
“Cas,” Dean muttered. He seemed irrationally upset, for the state he was in. He wasn’t the one with the life-threatening unrequited love for his best friend. “We don’t keep secrets from each other.”
“Cassie,” Meg teased, lifting her eyebrows. “Get going. You’re gonna miss him soon.”
Swiftly, the warmth was gone from behind him. Castiel stabilized the expression on his face—made sure it was placid, expressionless, free from the sudden flurry rising in his chest—and then turned around, bracing himself.
They tasted like rotten cherries as they came up, astringent and sickly-sweet. He registered someone calling his name; two voices, one worried, the other quiet. The faint crunch of snow as one of them walked away. A heavier crunching as the one remaining walked closer.
Dean blinked, feeling strange. Obviously he was hoping for that—a sign that indicated Castiel was normal. Fine. Just perfectly average, nothing out of the blue at all.
The next time was a few days after—maybe the owner was the parent of a student at the school, an employee, a substitute teacher, because it was already in the parking lot when the two of them stepped out the doors with the chime of the bell above their heads, surrounded by the excited chatter of students on a much-anticipated dismissal.
Dean’s face softened. “Hey, I didn’t mean it like that,” he said. “Come on, let me see.” He plucked and prodded at Castiel until he surrendered it over. “What are all these flowers for? And why do they have names?”
Cas rolled his eyes. “You’re an idiot,” he informed him.
and Dean felt like he could finally, finally breathe. Cassie talked about how she was worried she wasn’t going to graduate college much less pay for it, and how her sister was climbing her way to the top of the corporate ladder while her parents stared down at her with crossed arms and furrowed brows. Dean talked about his father, Mary and butter-yellow automobiles, and Sam’s two soulmates by the time he was in high school and the new one, Jess, who was periwinkle blue and how Sam could finally see the sky and planning to propose before they graduate, and how he looked Robin up on Yellow Pages and sent her a text that she never responded to, and then he looked her up on Facebook after too many cans of beer and twitchy fingers, and saw that her two-year anniversary was a week ago. Cassie talked and Dean talked, and then Dean talked some more, and drank some more, and by the end of the month Cassie would gently tug the bottles from his lax fingers before coaxing him to bed.
“Yes I can.” Dean’s voice was hard. “We’re not allowed to do that anymore. End of discussion.” His knuckles, white on the wheel. “Cas, Truth or Dare?”
“Hey there,” the man said. “I’m Dean Winchester. What’s your name?”
Dean laughed and said, “You’re such a girl, Sammy,” and his mother laughed along.
Castiel flattens his lips. His eyes flicker back to the doors, where the murmur of guests and soft music drifts and curls out into the outdoors. When they settle back on Dean, there’s an aura of resignation in them. “Where to, then?”
Dean opened his mouth and then closed it when he realized that there was absolutely no way he could justify this without himself sounding like a petty, vindictive, petulant child who refused to let anyone else, much less
It read in a blocky, video game-esque font.
A pause, and then, with just the hint of warmth, “The phrase?”
“Oh,” Sam said, and, inexplicably, looked disappointed. “I like flowers.”
“What is it?”
but his traitorous mouth opened without his control and what came out instead was, “How do you feel about staying here? With us, I mean.”
Dean pursed his lips in sympathy. “I can help with both of those,” he said, “but only partially. Bobby told me you shouldn’t eat anything too heavy in calories for a few days, or anything high in fat, just to give your body a chance to recalibrate itself without anything getting in the way. And we still have to get you to sign some forms before we can get you home, but that shouldn’t take long, and you’ll be able to rest properly as soon as I get my hands on those papers.” Feeling a draw like a magnet to the Earth, Dean inched closer to Castiel’s bed until he could see every crease and corner of the mattress. “Does that sound good?”
The man turned halfway around to give Castiel a strange look, a half-smile.
“Wait!” Castiel called out. The steps stopped.
Dean was—Castiel didn't know what Dean was. Or, well. Castiel knew what Dean was, but there was not the slightest chance of him being able to enunciate and compress it into a measly few words. Dean had a swaggering, bow-legged gait and a lingering Texas drawl that came out and blasted you in the face when he was drunk or excited. He preferred whiskey over beer, but wouldn't admit it in a party, and you would be none the wiser if you saw him chugging down a Budweiser like it was water. He was a notorious night owl, and frequently gave death threats to Castiel's daily 7AM alarm.
“What’s wrong?” Castiel asks, because tonight, all of Dean’s defences have been carefully and strategically battered into shreds and spilled all over the dancefloor. He can imagine what his eyes look like.
“Of course,” Dean said, and was halfway down the hall before he realized that Castiel had changed the subject. Not that he wasn’t grateful, but it struck a wrong chord inside him in a way that made him feel uneasy for the whole trip to the receptionist and back.
“Yeah. Go get ‘em,” Meg said.
Castiel turned his eyes to the tree. Up there, on one of the highest branches, he could see a tangle of branches and twigs and a mother bird’s love.
“I insist,” the man said, eyes solemn.
Dean smiled, a hesitant, dazzling smile. “So, uh. I figured, what better way to get over someone than to date someone else?”
Fix this, he thought, and reached for Cas with fingers shaking so badly they could hardly move, and leaned in with tears running down his cheeks and slicking the way, and he missed Castiel's lips and caught his cheek instead but judging from Castiel's reaction, he might as well kissed him straight on the mouth.
Dean’s mother died when he was ten. Car crash, drunk driver. Dead on impact.
"Dean, please."
Cas nodded, and Dean—being very careful, as careful as he was when he held Sammy for the first time—took Cas’s hand in his. With his other hand, he ghosted his finger over the sting, barely touching, his own hands shivering he was being so careful.
and then
“Where,” Castiel started; paused to draw into another heaving breath. “Where’s
He remembered when Castiel would smile at him like he couldn't help it but smile. He remembered when he could glance across the couch and immediately meet Castiel's eye, because both of them knew the next scene on the television coming up was one of their favourites. He remembered when Castiel would bang on the door and yell at Dean and threaten him until he would stop that god-awful, horrid singing, Dean, birds are dropping dead out of the sky.
The streets
“I brought the surgery forms home,” Dean said. Still whispering. “Last time we visited. I didn’t tell you.”
“An acacia,” his mother told him when Castiel dutifully held it up for her inspection. “A beautiful flower. Who is it for? Do you know?”
“Yeah, okay,” Dean breathed, and gave Bobby one last, grateful smile before dashing his way down the hall.
Castiel smiled back. “I can imagine,” he said. “I just hope no one tried to throw any of them.”
Castiel repeated it dutifully, and felt the relief of tension fall throughout all the guards’ shoulders.
"Don't," Castiel said, and his voice was so, so soft.
“Castiel,” Castiel said, startled at the non-sequitur.
Very, very quietly. He could just barely hear it over the birds.
Castiel shrugged. “He did make for a very intriguing art subject, so I suppose it’s all even.”
"Seems like it," Castiel said softly.
“Beth, Beth, Beth,” Dean campaigned. “Did you know pie’s my favourite food?”
The girl rolled her eyes, but it wasn’t scathing and the smile was still playing, lightly, on her face.
Castiel’s steps slowed for a second before resuming. “It is,” he said.
"Oh, yeah," Dean said, and disappeared into their room. A few moments later, there was a triumphant cry as he reemerged with the jacket in his arms. "Found it! Thanks, Cas."
Castiel rubbed his fingers along the petals of the acacia, slightly wilted now. “Does this mean she doesn’t love me back?”
“This is a bad idea,” Castiel said out loud. And he said it again.
“Let me get this straight,” Castiel said. “You want me to go out with Tom.”
“So you’re not a fan?” Castiel said, raising his eyebrow.
"Okay," Dean said quickly. "Okay. Is there anything I can do? Any treatment?"
Dean called the number and took her to the storage closet in the back of the gym for three weeks until she stopped spitting flowers into his mouth every time they kissed.
“You can chicken out,” Dean offered.
“We tried,” Millie said weakly, before Bobby cut in.
“I guess,” Dean managed. The poster was still in his hands, rolled-up and clenched tightly between his fingers. He was going to crumple it and Sam was going to be so, so angry.
“I changed my mind.”
“Just get comfortable,” Castiel told him. “It’s alright to move around—I’m just using you as a reference, so no specific pose is needed.”
(He hadn’t been thinking straight; was drunk off adrenaline and sleep dep and whiskey and the sharp heady pain of stitching up his skin. Cas was in the kitchen with him, drinking chamomile tea or tomato juice or whatever new concoction of the week he was into at the time, and they’d been just—talking. Joking around in low murmurs because Sam was eyebrow-deep in research down the hall, and Dean was loose and happy and hazy-eyed, and Cas was smiling in that way that lit up the whole room, the whole goddamn town, and he didn’t think, just leaned in. Just like that, and he tasted like chamomile tea.)
“Well,” Dean said, laughing without humour. “Castiel got the surgery two months ago. I guess I’m just worried for him. He
Cas laughed—giggled, really—and Dean wanted to jump up and cheer.
Dean sighed, softly, as if he was the one being flayed into a million tiny pieces. “I know,” he whispered. “God, I know. You’re gonna be okay, though, okay? I swear on my life, you’re gonna be okay.”
“I don’t think you realize that those two things are mutually exclusive,” Castiel murmured.
"Peter?"
Dean laughed, hysterically, and put his head in his hands and stubbornly chased away any fraying threads of thought with sheer willpower until he heard the clunking of boots coming down the hall.
“It’s okay,” Tom said. “But for what it’s worth, Dean doesn’t know what he’s missing.”
When Castiel felt Dean’s lips, so frightened they were trembling, brush across his face, just shy of his mouth, he jerked back as if he had been slapped instead.
“Well, at least you’re honest.”
He watched Sam walk all the way out the building, and kept watching until he turned a corner and disappeared out of sight. He sighed, gritted his teeth, and lugged his bag up the stairs to his room.
"And what happens then?"
“Of course I did,” he said, but Dean shook his head, feeling wild.
and fed him sandwiches that he wrapped up in napkins and brought home.
“But she’s my soulmate,” Dean blurted, and halted when the look on his father’s face turned stiff.
Dean shrugged the trenchcoat on. It was a little big on him, draping over his shoulders. At least it didn’t smell, he decided—in fact, there was a subtle air of cologne, distinctly masculine, and a fresh scent of laundry detergent. And best of all: it was warm. He sighed, shoulders loosening, as limberness slowly returned to his arms.
The single wolfsbane flower was still resting on the table. Castiel grasped it, now, carefully gripping to avoid damaging it any further.
Dean gleefully opened his mouth. Raised his arm.
“Well,” his mother said. “How do tiny little viruses grow inside someone when they’re sick? How do you grow so big and tall?” She leaned over, one hand on her hip, to pinch each of their cheeks. Sam squirmed and Dean giggled. “It just works like that, dear. Biology.”
“Oh,” Castiel said. Of course his father loved her back. But the boy next door hadn’t. “But the doctor makes it better?”
Time passed quicker than he’d expected, with the announcers crackling over the speakers to remind all the guests that the artist meet-and-greets were happening in five minutes, at the Great Hall—that everyone needed to be courteous and any inappropriate behaviour would not be tolerated, and a reminder that flash photography was strictly forbidden and anyone caught breaking the rules would be taken and severely fined.
The teacher narrowed her eyes, hesitance flitting across her face once more, but she sighed and unlocked the car. It chirped happily.
They reached a door shortly after, the man pressing his ear to the wall before sliding it open and climbing out. Castiel followed him, and turned around just in time to see him sliding a painting back into place. He caught Castiel’s eye and winked.
A long pause. Then: “Ten minutes, back and forth. That’s all you want me to do?”
“Dare,” Dean said.
“No,” Cas said, shaking his head.
“Dean was the one who asked me to ask you,” Meg said, “you know that, right?”
Cassie could see red and yellow, but not green, and she always complained about how jealous she was that Dean could see the colour of his own eyes, but she could not. She was convinced they were gorgeous—forest green, hunter’s green, glass-green—she could go on and on and Dean would fluster and flush red and mutter something about how they were just
On Dean's birthday, Castiel gave him a first-edition copy of an old classic Vonnegut and a bottle of oak-aged whiskey that he'd driven thirty minutes out to the good liquor store to get. Dean declared loudly that he loved him. Then Castiel brought out the cherry pie he'd baked with the help of Ms. Hudson at the bakery down the street, and Dean told Castiel to marry him. Castiel snorted, and smiled, and rolled his eyes, and accepted the overly-affectionate bear hug with a fond pat on the back.
Dean pursed his lips, arched an eyebrow. “Well,
“Oh, no,” Dean said. “Does it hurt?”
Solemnly, Cas unbuckled his seatbelt. After clumsily vaulting over the seat, he landed in an awkward heap in the front seat, elbowing Sam’s side and bashing his nose on Dean’s leg.
“Thank you,” Castiel said dryly.
“You’re also supposed to keep me out of trouble,” Dean shot back. “And that means keeping your mouth shut.”
“We’ll do it tomorrow. Or, never. Who cares, we only rented this place anyway.”
Castiel’s tie wasn’t brown, it was blue—a dark, rich, smooth,
had he forgotten) so he said quickly, "I'll call you back," and hung up.
Dean hesitated—eyes flickering, taking in Castiel’s expression—and then he collapsed into a relieved smile.
"I hate you!"
But how was he supposed to just know? More importantly, how did he
Dean hid a smile. There was something oddly comforting about the way Sam always asked it, the way they always went the same way back and forth with this conversation rehashed, the way Dean seemed to spot red all around them, in the excited flush of Sam’s cheeks and the tips of the leaves on the trees, hinting towards Autumn, all flaring up just a little brighter for the rest of the day—not without a little pang in his heart, though it got easier to deal with every single time. One day, it would be gone altogether, and Dean didn’t know if he liked that thought at all.
And if Chad narrowed his eyes at them and loudly tattled to Miss Penny that the two of them were
When Castiel stayed out too late researching in the library, Dean paced anxiously in the living room and thought, the old Castiel would have called and told me not to worry. The old Castiel would have whined and wallowed until I packed my bags and walked to the library to meet up with him.
“Now,” Castiel said pointedly, “I think it’s your turn.”
Uproar. Applause. Dean and Lisa walked up onto the stage—Lisa blushing but beaming, Dean accepting the tacky plastic crown, then placing the tiara on Lisa himself, then pulling her in for a kiss that sent the audience into whoops and whistles.
Dean was sitting next to him, his hands all over Castiel, on his shoulders on his waist on his back, rubbing circles like he always did (he always did that, when Castiel was sick vomiting hungover drunk). Words were meandering their way into Castiel’s head, muffled by the stream of flowers.
“It is you, then,” one of them spoke.
Stopping in his steps, he craned his ears and caught it again. A chirp. Weak and thready. It was coming from the gardens.
John glanced over. “What?”
“Mm, with the right incentive.”
Dean started to continue, except Sam steamrolled over him with, “I think you’ll really like it!” And then Cas got an eager owlish puppy look in his eyes and Dean gritted his teeth and inched down just a little harder on the gas.
“You must answer with the truth,” Cas supplied again, helpfully.
“And you’re—okay with it?” He spoke nearly hesitantly, and Castiel frowned a little.
“Told you,” he said.
“Jesus,” Dean said, and dropped his voice to a murmur. Nimble fingers reached up to brush the hair out of his face, and Castiel shivered again, harder, dropping his head onto Dean’s shoulder with a choking sound. “Why are you doing this to yourself, huh? Just sign the forms.”
If his mother says so, Castiel would have to agree. He nodded, and said, “I want to keep it.”
He was still reading his book. He was only wearing a navy button-up, which was strange, but maybe he was one of those people who ran hot.
time ago, before they’d decided on a colour scheme or a dinner plan or a first dance song, seriously, which son of a bitch decided to bring in the craft herpes, one thing was certain—they were
“Dare,” Dean reminded.
“No, you won’t,” a new voice said from inches behind him.
“Nothing,” Dean breathes, because they might be married, but there are some things that won’t be solved in a vow, a kiss, and two steel rings. He knows that better than anything. It’s the resolution that they’ll have time to work through them that really matters, and Dean knows that they have time, now—all the time in the world. So he gently gathers up all his flickering insecurities and tells them to fuck off because tonight is his wedding night and Castiel Winchester is in his arms and nothing—nothing—will ruin this. “I just—I love you, you know that, right?”
Like he was so happy to see him every time.)
“Why did you never put me down?” Dean asked. He knew because Castiel always asked to borrow Dean’s double-sided tape, his extra textbooks to stack down onto the petals while they dried perfectly in-place, and he hadn’t said a single word back then.
where you’ve been), and it was his turn to do the laundry, so he meandered to Cas’s bed and yanked the sheets off the mattress—and out from the corner fell a found a tiny, shrivelled bud of wolfsbane, dried to a deep bloody purple.
When the doctor came into the room, his father had jumped up like he’d been electrocuted. Dean remembered taking his hand and feeling it sweatier than he’d ever felt it before.
With nothing to entertain himself with, his mind wandered over to the student sitting next to him. Dean casually waited a few moments, then gave them a subtle, cursory glance.
"Benny from the mechanic shop," Dean said. He had started volunteering there again last week to fill up all the free time.
“You seriously can’t expect me to do that,” Dean said quietly.
“Okay,” Cas said nonchalantly, and leaned forward. He dragged his tongue up his side of the dashboard.
Cas rolled his eyes. “Come on, let’s go, we’re taking up the sidewalk,” he said, and they started down the road, side by side, shoulders knocking together.
“Ooh,
source of ammunition.”
John stilled, a rare smile flitting across his face. “A girl, eh? What’s she like?”
"I don't kiss and tell," Castiel shot back.
The man was smiling like nothing had happened, completely innocent if it weren’t for the glint and glimmer in his eyes.
"Please?" Dean made an attempt at levity. "Is it the librarian? I knew you had the hots for her."
Being alone was strange after growing up in the pockets of his father and his brother for twenty-odd years. Dean found himself drifting through the town, landing an odd job at, ironically, the same bar he’d gotten beaten up and beat up others in after pleads and promises.
“Of course I’ve been keeping track! It’s killing you, can’t you see?”
Meg rolled her eyes. Flicked out her phone, started to dial. “I’m not even going to say it,” she said. “You’re a smart boy. Figure it out. I’m calling my sister to pick me up.”
Dean snorted, muttered lightly under his breath, “Pussy.” Sam elbowed him in the gut.
Dean slowed, paused, came closer. It wasn’t just a jacket, it was a trenchcoat. One of those stuffy accountant ones. And there was a sticky note on it; bright green.
Dean was right there. Leaning on the Impala. One hand on the door handle, the other reaching into his pocket for his keys.
“I think you two can work it out on your own,” Beth said. “I don’t—listen, I’m just here for the volunteer hours. I’m actually supposed to leave, now, so here you go—” She shoved the pie tin towards the two of them. “Have fun. Nice seeing you guys. Happy Pi Day!”
Dean’s heart was pounding. He was so nervous, all of a sudden, his palms starting to sweat, and he didn’t know why. He took a deep breath and counted to five to calm himself down, and then gingerly settled his hand on Cas’s back.
that—”
“Okay,” Dean said, and pulled Castiel impossibly closer. “Okay.”
He reached out before Castiel could protest, fingers deftly tucking his dress shirt under his blazer so that it laid across the fabric crease-less and smooth. Ran a hand through Castiel’s hair, which Castiel sputtered at because unlike Dean, his casually-ruffled look looked more like he’d just gone ten rounds with a leafblower. Stepped back, gave him a silent once-over, and then unbuttoned the topmost button in Castiel’s shirt. His tongue was peeking out just the barest from the corner of his lips the way he did when focusing on a tricky math question, or trying to remember a niche word, and Castiel’s mouth went dry.
Cas looked up. He was smiling. “Really?”
He gave it another moment’s consideration. “Sam,
Castiel looks tired, too. There are dark circles under his eyes that, despite Claire and Charlie’s combined efforts, makeup couldn’t completely cover up. Did he also not get any sleep last night, Dean wonders—tossing and turning in the sheets because they’re too cold, too empty. Fuck that tradition wholeheartedly,
“You good?” the girl’s voice piped up.
tripped over it like a landmine. “I know it’s shitty that I only realized after. Self-centred. Too little, too late.”
“Ew,” Sam said from the back. “That’s germ city, you’re gonna get the guy sick.”
For a moment Dean just stayed there, breathing heavily, and then he said, too loudly, "You know, I wanted you to get the surgery so badly."
Dean slung an arm around Castiel and pulled him into his side, close enough that their warmth mingled. “This is Cas,” he said happily. “My roommate, best friend, and wingman. I’ll need to thank him later for helping me score a girl like you.” He winked.
“My turn,” Cas said. “Dean, Truth or Dare?”
Frantically, Castiel shoved at Dean’s arm until he was free, and then he staggered over to the bushes and felt his thinly-yanked control snap over the leaves.
“It’s okay,” Dean tried, quietly. He rubbed a small circle into Cas’s back. “You’re okay.”
“Oh, I wouldn’t—” Castiel began, but the second guard cut in.
Normally, Castiel would shout back a retort before heading over to scold him about the mud on his boots. Normally, Castiel would not be squeezing a flower between his fingertips so hard it split. It wasn’t a flower he recognized; surprising, considering his sheer knowledge of them. It wasn’t even a rose. (Inexplicably, Castiel was disappointed, because if anyone deserved a rose, it would be Dean—)
Castiel managed to smile back through the incessant pounding in his temples. "What do you suggest for treatment?"
Instead of answering, the man cast his gaze towards Castiel’s hands. “I think you should put that bird back in its nest first, don’t you think? If there’s too much of your scent, the mother will reject it.”
“It’s for a school project,” he said.
“Sorry,” Castiel said, and deliberately clenched his muscles tight—shoulders, stomach, shins—before letting all the tension flow out of his body. Relax.
Dean thought about Lisa’s bright hazel eyes, and then he thought of the broken glass embedded into the carpet downstairs and the haunted look in Dad’s eyes and how he never smiled anymore except for when he was looking at the picture of Mary in his wallet and the way they hadn’t have enough money to buy Lucky Charms because Dad hadn’t gone to work for four days straight.
“I hardly showed you a good time,” Castiel said.
and all of a sudden it was like he could hear it going by, each second a raindrop shattering against the pavement and dissolving into the dirt, each blink of his eye a day wasted.
“Not at all,” Bobby said. “Can I speak to you just for a moment, though?”
Seriously—who gave a shit about proofs by induction?
“Oh,” Dean said. “Then why?”
Tears leaked out and spilled across his cheeks. It was so quiet he could hear them hitting the floor.
“I’m okay,” Castiel insisted, though he could feel the dampness of his tears soaking through Dean’s shirt. “Please, I really am okay, now. I just—” He swallowed hard to suppress the sob that leaped up to his throat. “I just want to go home. Please.”
"Yeah," Sam said. "Honestly, I'm surprised he wasn't worse."
come over, if she’d liked to. If she wanted to see the piles of beer cans stacked in the corner of the living room and stuffed underneath the couches, or the stacks of credit card forms that Dean had started learning how to fill out by the time he turned thirteen. Either way, it was too late now—Isobel moved to Florida six months later when her parents got a job offer they couldn’t refuse, and Sam sprinted all the way home and slammed the door so hard the dust shook itself off the hinges and wouldn’t come out for a day and wouldn’t speak for three.
Cas laughed again. Uncurling. He was getting up from the ground, pushing himself until he was sitting up straight, and then drawing his knees together, copying Dean.
“What? No,” Dean blurted. “It’s okay. I’m almost at my dorm anyway.”
They were fifteen minutes late to class, and both of them were cold and wet, and (or so Dean adamantly insists, even when they spent half an hour in the locker room blow-drying their pants) it was so totally worth it.
“No way,” Cas said, not even bothering to rub at his arm (which must be sore at this point) in lieu of levelling an ice-dagger death glare. “You made that one up.”
It had been so long—years. Not since Carmen. Since then, he didn’t so much stop looking more than he just stopped
“Yes,” the man said. “Why are you wearing it? I don’t recall giving it to you.” And, whoops, that was a hint of hostility in his voice.
“Great,” he said, voice hoarse. “Good.”
“I was the one who convinced him to get the surgery, actually,” Dean said. “I couldn’t watch him go on like that any longer.”
“Are you a guard? You don’t look like a guard.”
“No! I am—
"S'okay," Dean murmured. He was tracing his fingers along the lightly-curling edges of the flower, fascinated. Castiel could feel them growing, now, more and more—maybe a few minutes was all he had before he would have to push Dean off, run for the bathroom. If Castiel was smart—if Castiel had more self control—if he was better, less, less whatever this was—he would leave right now. But Dean's arms around him were warm and strong, and he was so safe here. Castiel dipped his head down to close his eyes and felt helplessness swamp him like a tidal wave.
Dean tried to hide his grin and failed. “Oh, and no—”
He waited. And waited.
Sammy,” Dean said, trying to pull the seven-year old away from the playground with small, stubborn fingers. “We gotta go. Dad said to be home by five and it’s already four-fifty and you
"Get off of me!"
“Good,” Dean said. “Now I’m going to take my hands off the wheel, slowly, and slide my foot off the gas. Make sure you’re paying attention to the wheel position and the pressure on the pedal—it might change a little when I let go, but just keep it the way it is now and
He ended in nothing but a whisper, eyes too bright and shining, glittering in the lights.
it helpfully added on the bottom, beneath a picture of, also helpfully, a steaming slice of pie with cherry-red filling oozing out from the cracks in the crust.
“The Lumineers,” he says. “They’re an indie pop band. Sam requested it, I think.”
Castiel ran the possibilities through his head. It couldn’t hurt, he decided—and said stately, “I am Castiel Novak, here as a knight for Prince Dean Winchester.”
Castiel pursed his lips, eyes softening with something that looked like sympathy, something that panged deep in Dean’s chest and resonated in his ribs.
He remembered Castiel loving him. And when he let those floodgates open, when it was too late to go back, it was somehow safer, more okay, to remember even more.
“What was that?” Castiel said. Whispering.
A pause.
Castiel pushed Dean’s shoulders, and, when Dean didn’t sway, shoved instead.
“Yes.” Castiel’s eyes were oddly bright, shining in a way that Dean had never seen in real life. Maybe it was all the blue. “I have supplies in my duffel back in the great hall, and there’s a studio in the back of the museum. It’ll take an hour at most.” He glanced down at the poster, long forgotten in Dean’s hand. “You can have that for free as a reward.”
Cas turned and jolted at the sight of Dean scrambling closer.
Castiel’s face shut down for a moment and that was all he needed.
“Please,” Castiel said.
“I’m glad you’re enjoying it,” Sam said, sulking in the backseat. “Cas, Truth or Dare?”
“Okay, when you put it like that,” he muttered.
From her reaction, she might’ve almost preferred those more.
“You think so?”
Slowly, Dean made his way around the room.
“Well,” the man said, and then Castiel felt his heart drop to his boots.
"You don't give yourself enough credit," Dean said, reaching across Castiel for the remote.
“I came to apologize,” he said, making a move to step closer before thinking better of it and keeping his distance. “I was a dick last night. It’s just, I didn’t have time to eat all day and pie is
Castiel rolled his eyes. Dean’s ego could power a dozen Teslas. “I said, this is a bad idea. In fact, this is probably the worst idea you’ve ever had.”
“Do you even know how to drive?” Dean said, the slightest twinge of fear slithering into him like waterstained paper.
When Castiel woke up on his birthday, he had woken up because someone had punched him eighteen times in the shoulder (leaving a yellowing bruise that lasted
“I spent an hour puking in the toilet while you scrubbed blood from your hair.”
Castiel tilted his head. “Well, as the Prince’s guard, I
“I dare you to tell the truth about what happened last night with you and Cas.”
“But you can keep a secret, right?”
Two of the guards worked to open the gates, and one of them slid closer to Castiel, lifting his helmet to reveal kind eyes and messy hair.
It was always just them. All the girls Dean went through, that disastrous date Castiel went on with the cute guy from the coffee shop in Sophomore years, Lisa, Meg—it was always just the two of them in the end.
Sam looked at Dean with astonishment—
“What’s wrong with him?” he demanded to the nurse.
Cas nodded, and then said, “Yes.”
“Dean,” Castiel said.
“You too, Dean,” Maggie said. “And, um, you too—” Her eyes landed on Castiel hesitantly, flickering a little at the expression on Castiel’s face. He wasn’t sure what it was, what he looked like at that moment.
"Sure am." Dean's grip was warm and strong before he released it to jerk a thumb over his shoulder. "Why don't you get settled down? Your bed's the one on the right. Dunno if you have a preference, but, uh, I guess if you really had a burning hatred for beds on the right side of the room we could—"
Dean was just about to get up, maybe pretend like he was taking a call, and scamper away, shamed, when the man spoke.
Dean didn’t even blink. “It’ll be great, Cas, just watch,” he said, eyes sparkling. Castiel looked at him, felt his heart give that little thud again, and thought dimly that he was doomed.
“I know, Dean.”
Dean watched her walk away, flummoxed. What else was he supposed to say?
Oh shit, Dean thought, and looked away a little too late.
“God,” Castiel said. “Dean. I just—”
"No, it wasn't," Castiel protested.
The bright blue Volkswagen Beetle rumbled down the street, clanking in a way that was surely not intended and just a tad worryingly, before it turned a corner and disappeared.
“Welcome,” Dean said, and closed his eyes.
“Were you okay with it?”
Dean chuckled. “Out of everything you could’ve said after an invasive surgery, you pick that?”
Dean only went to college because Sam had yelled, had bargained, had begged, and he couldn’t say no to those goddamn puppy eyes.
Dean was racing Kevin and Charlie back from the fields, running as fast as he could, his bright red sneakers squishing against the damp grass. It had rained this morning, but stopped before recess—thank god. Dean
“Nice,” Dean said, after a hesitant pause. “Really cool. She taught me how to play guitar.”
"Where'd you go?" Dean said when he heard Castiel open the door.
If it were Sam, Dean had a dozen right on the tip of his tongue, ranked in descending order from most embarrassing to least, and the floor was pretty damn high. He flicked through his flashcards of dares. Not that one. Not that one. Oh, Jesus, not that one. He didn’t think he had the heart to make even Sam do that one.
“Dad,” Dean said.
“I got stung by a bee,” he said, and sniffed.
“It’s not that bad?” Bobby said. “Listen to yourself. I can hear your lungs rattling from across the room.”
“I,” Castiel said, before his throat closed up like an allergic reaction. He looked at Dean and thought,
“Dean,” Castiel said, when he wasn’t vomiting.
Dean tried to speak and couldn’t. He was suddenly aware of Cas’s legs bracketing his hips, Cas’s eyes sparkling with mirth, Cas’s hair falling down into his face. They were so close the strands tickled his forehead, brushed his cheeks.
He fumbled in his pocket for a bill, only to be stopped with a hand and a shake of her head.
It wasn’t like Dean didn’t—(skip a beat catch a breath miss a step, whenever Cas looked at him too long, just a little bit harder than usual, blue eyes flashing)—but it didn’t hurt as much anymore. No flowers, at least. Dean wondered what that could mean, dipped his toe into the myriad of connotations and interpretations and inferences before balking like a cat touching water, because who cared, really. It was feelings versus flowers, and Dean knew which ones he would always, always trust more.
“Anything weird happens,” she warned, already sounding like she was regretting it, “and I’m reporting this to the principal. God knows I’ve made enough mistakes trusting highschoolers in the past. Don’t let this be another.”
Castiel swallowed, feeling a sudden, strange lump in his throat. His hand moved without conscious care, skimming up Dean's side until it reached his face, where deft fingers tucked back an escaped lock of hair.
At the last possible second, he turned his face just a little so that his lips hit Castiel’s cheek instead, barely grazing the corner of his lips.
"Just Bobby is fine, I've told you already," Singer said gently.
"That doesn't tell you much except that it's not all sunshines and rainbows."
Dean craned his neck and told the birds to be quiet. It was coming from the playground.
Dean had never felt more helpless. He looked at Castiel and felt shame, hot and heavy, along with the biting slap of failure.
When he felt the first itching in his throat, he knew even before he spat out his first flower, tiny and white like a single speck of snow, less than an hour later.
“Did that help?” he asked.
Castiel huffed. “You’re friends with
-+-+-+-
and grab Castiel and pull him close, mesh their bodies together until they were whole again, okay again, cracks all filled in. He wanted to fix it, fix this. But Castiel was asking, and Dean couldn't say no. He just couldn't.
and then he cut that thought off at the faintest budding with a harsh breath.
“I’m sorry!” Dean held up his hands in a gesture of surrender. “I’m sorry, I really am, and I promise I didn’t tell him anything about you—he just, he recognized me is all. I fixed his car a few times when I was working at that mechanic shop, remember?”
A part of him yelled that he was being impulsive, reckless, that he could just turn back and walk through the front doors, greet another guard and ask for the King. But there was just the strangest thing—the oddest impulse, like a spark running through his veins—that urged him to follow. That made him trust this stranger, like he already knew him, somehow.
Dean laughed weakly. Looked down. “M’not wearing any mascara,” he said, so obvious of a deflection that even Castiel could tell.
"No," Dean said, suddenly intense. "Be-fore. Before before. Y'know... Before."
me. I got clawed up every time I got near him, but it just made me want to befriend him more. I must’ve spent hundreds on cat toys and gourmet cat food, and it never worked. He would just curl up in the corner on a patch of sun and hiss. I never got him to like me.”
difficult to cross in this town—bigger than most, at least thrice the population of the last suburban neighbourhood they’d moved from. Dean tightened his hold on Sam’s dirt-streaked fingers and eyed the cars flying by with trepidation.
Waving off Castiel’s grateful look, she ducked down and disappeared below the counter, and then popped back up, a beaten-up covered pie tin in her hands. “Luckily for you, after things started really ramping up, we started to hide them under the counters. And, even luckier, we only have one slice left.”
“Oh, my love,” she cooed, voice petal-soft and sweet. “Castiel. Go to sleep, now, darling, and dream of the sun and the stars and all the galaxies in the world.” Her lips were always warm, always plush as they stroked along his forehead. Castiel closed his eyes, and he would dream of the sun and the stars, shimmering galaxies in blues and bright greens like the felted squares on his blanket.
“Oh,” Dean said, and then,
Castiel stepped forwards to knock, only to be stopped by a light touch on his arm.
What had begun as a subtle itch in his throat had escalated into a rattling cough. Single blossoms grew to pairs, then bundles, a whole bouquet inside his lungs. It was affecting Castiel’s performance in class—it was hard to concentrate on Plato’s Cave or Occam’s Razor when he was trying not to vomit flowers all over the test papers because he was suddenly ambushed with the reminder and image of Dean shaving in the mornings in nothing but a towel, eyes warm as they met Cas’s in the mirror.
“I couldn’t name someone who hasn’t.”
Dean paused for a moment, then raised his eyebrows at Castiel. “We’ve only just met, don’t you think we’re moving a little too fast?”
The girl clucked her tongue. “Too bad. We ran out.”
“It also seems like the most illegitimate,” Castiel whispered, and the man laughed softly.
Dean felt something—nearly a sob, a stifling sigh—form in his throat.
It ended at around midnight, and that was only because they’d only booked the venue for the evening, and had to clean everything up by the next afternoon for a church bingo event instead. It took another half hour to usher everyone out, some of them bright-eyed and suppressing yawns and the others not even pretending to not be drunk, high, or both.
He spat out the flower an hour later.
“You don’t have to be a girl to like flowers,” she consoled, pushing back Sam’s floppy hair and kissing him on the forehead. “But you don’t want these flowers. These flowers mean that someone doesn’t love you back.”
Castiel sighed, and turned his head to the side to bury his nose into the pillow. “Can you get the forms from Bobby now?” he mumbled. “I never thought I’d say this, but I miss the dorm beds.”
"And don't party too hard."
“Hi,” she breathed. “I’m Maggie.” She addressed this to both of them, but her eyes and posture screamed
He turned back to the branch.
“I did it,” he declared.
The sun had just set. Traces of red and orange weaved through the horizon on the West, but all the way across the sky, over and up up up there was
“Listen, Dean,” Castiel said. “I have had a really,
“Ladies and gentleman, I am proud to announce that the prom king and queen, as voted by all of you, is… Dean Winchester and Lisa Braeden!”
The man snorted. “Watch and learn, Cas,” he murmured, and then disappeared through the bushes.
The door was locked, but Castiel took the lanyard around his neck and scanned a card against the scanner, and it swung open with a cheerful beep. Dean was immediately hit with the smell of paint thinner, sharp and biting against his nose, and the musky, metallic scent of brushes and paint cans.
“I’m Ash,” the guard said. “So you’re the Castiel Novak we’ve heard so much about.”
Dean felt a flush rise on his face and looked away. "I just—I worry about him. I care about him."
Sam pondered this for a moment before answering, “I can make food for her.”
ridiculous.”
He looked back to Cas as soon as he could and Cas was right there, leaning in again, kissing him again.
“Thanks,” Castiel said.
Castiel sounds marginally more awake than a few seconds ago. “Well,
Castiel tried to speak again, but decided against it and merely offered them a slight smile. “I promise I will do my utmost best to deliver on those expectations.”
They’d read the Lord of the Rings trilogy until the garage-sale pages fell apart from their bindings, and while Dean had gone the Vonnegut path, Sam dug the oldies: Virginia Woolf (no, Dean, it’s not
Cas thinned his lips. “Didn’t I tell you to stop doing that?”
Castiel hesitated, but then nodded. He watched the man smile at him one last time, a quick fleeting thing, and then the man opened the door without knocking and closed it behind him.
he insisted.
“Yes, mom,” Dean drawled out, ignoring the pang in his chest at the word. “You’ll be fine on the bus ride home?”
“Why can’t Isobel come over for a playdate?” Sam said, waiting until Dean let out the breath he was holding before speaking.
Castiel turned that over in his head for a moment before slowly nodding, acquiescing. “Fair enough. But you’re friends with Prince Dean?”
He took Sam’s long pause as acquiescence and, with a nervous glance at the sinking sun, yanked. With a yelp, Sam stumbled and steadied himself, standing. “Now come
weird. The best weird.
"Is it... Becky?"
“Where would you play? We don’t even have a backyard.”
Dean's fingers stilled in Castiel's hair. "No."
Castiel clung to Dean and Dean yanked Castiel closer and Castiel cried and cried and cried.
“Honey, I’m home!” Dean hollered in the usual mock-singsong voice of his, slamming the door shut in that usual obnoxious way of his, stomping his feet all over the welcome mat and probably trailing mud everywhere in that usual horrible way of his that would make Castiel groan and mutter profanities under his breath while he mopped up the tiled floor of the entrance hall, and Dean would sigh, apologize (begrudgingly), promise to make it up with Castiel’s favourite dishes for dinner or his pick of movies for the night.
“Cancelled,” Dean breathed out harshly, hands on his knees as he fought to catch his breath. He put one hand on the other’s shoulder for balance and felt Cas shift with it, felt him shuffle in closer to press a hand to Dean’s back, rub out a cough from the dust-addled air.
Sam said, face scarlet. “Dean, Truth or Dare?”
"I know it's getting worse," Dean said quietly. "I'm not stupid, you know. I can hear you running to the bathroom at night. I can smell the flowers after you leave."
Maybe he could get a copy of
"No," Dean gasped. "No, I remember now. Christ, why didn't you call earlier?"
Castiel looked at Sophia with her dark brown eyes and curly black hair and thought that she was beautiful—she had the neatest handwriting in the class and always had sandwiches with the crusts cut off. It was lunchtime when he noticed the tingling in his throat, and when he excused himself to go to the washroom, he raised his hand up to his mouth and coughed and felt something soft fall into his hand. It was a small, white flower that kind of looked like an orchid.
“Oh,” Castiel said intelligently.
Dean couldn't remember anything after that.
He waited a second, and then did it again. And over again.
it was green, too.
and swallowed as hard as he could to choke them down.
he tried to say, the words swallowed up in the storm. Dean’s hand in his hair, Dean’s hand on the small of his back like a promise. Castiel’s hands, rising helplessly to grab on like a lifeline, like something ephemeral and precious and dissolving with every second; hold him back, kiss him back with sparks flying in the back of his eyelids.
"Right," Dean said, after a long pause. "Okay. But, you're obviously not okay, so have you seen someone about it, or researched, or. Or anything like that?"
Sam’s quiet, amused, “Seriously, Dean?” was drowned out by the sudden roar of the billowing wind as Cas rolled down the window.
He thought
“Well, try,” Cas said, and huffed. He rubbed his arm and frowned, just a little, eyes downcast to where his canvas shoes were scuffing against the sidewalk. Dean felt something in his heart twinge and tried to hide it with a smirk and a well-aimed laugh, short and fond.
against the rules of the castle.”
Castiel blinked. "Who?"
“But, seriously,” Dean added, face relaxing once he saw Castiel’s smile, “it’s fine. Just don’t let it kill you, alright? And remember that I’m always here for you, no matter what.”
too, now, so he set his jaw and squared his shoulders and met Dean’s eyes straight-on, prepared for a verbal showdown.
“Alright,” Dean murmured. Slowly, slowly, he removed his hands. Took his foot off the gas pedal.
Castiel lingered at the entrance. “We could make a run for it,” he suggested.
"I didn't," Cas said. "You got angry at me because I didn't."
“We could watch TV together.”
Castiel glanced over. “Water break,” he said, and then laughed quietly. “You don’t have to make that face, I’m just joking. I’m finished.”
(If he got murdered in these castle grounds before he could even meet Prince Dean, he was going to be solely disappointed in himself.)
going to have sex tonight; now, though, he doesn’t think he can lift an arm for anything more than to let Castiel snuggle in closer.
“What’s what now?” Dean said, dropping his backpack on the floor with a loud thump and loping over to Sam. He saw the article in the newspaper that Sam had dug up—New Research on Hanahaki Disease, the headline wrote, and below it,
Castiel eyed him, unimpressed.
The man grimaced. “Yup. And the first thing you should know about Dean is that he hates being called that.”
Beth smiled, thin. “I was hoping so hard, back then.”
to land himself in detention, after all, although he would admit in hindsight that crossing his fingers and hoping none of the teachers would catch him skipping all his classes was far-fetched at best.
“Speak for yourself. I’m perfectly fine.”
He had, he realized in the next moment, and it was the perfect coincidence, falling right into place. Sam was head-over-heels for Castiel’s art. Before heading to Stanford, Sam had saved up for three weeks to buy a poster replica of his most famous piece,
Dean whistled. “Cool. What’s it like?”
And what the hell, it was Friday afternoon and the weather was just drop dead gorgeous, the sun shining so bright it glittered, and Cas was half-smiling, now, and Dean’s cheeks hurt from grinning. “If you say so,” he said, and had enough time to see Cas’s eyes widen before he rushed at him.
“But before I tell you who I am,” the man continued, “How about you go first? I’m sure I haven’t seen you around this castle before.”
Dean looked at the bee sting, so close it was blurry, and then dipped down to close the gap. He kissed it, very carefully, just once.
“So,” he began, carefully.
"Totally was," Dean said, and Castiel suddenly felt a soft pressure on the top of his head, almost as if—he felt a shudder run down his spine at the feeling of Dean's lips in his hair. He felt it all the way down in his throat, shut his eyes and begged for it to stop, but it shoved and it shoved and Castiel was always too weak.
Castiel began to respond when suddenly, the man froze, paused, and then whirled around.
Castiel’s mother loved daisies.
was a giggle."
“You’re not a baby,” Dean said dismissively. “Bee stings hurt a lot. Miss Penny won’t be mad.”
“The goddamn boy won’t sign the consent forms for the surgery,” Bobby clipped out. “We’re not legally allowed to perform on him until then.”
The man’s gaze didn’t move. Dean, extremely engrossed in watching a patch of grass on the ground in front of him, felt his eyes like ants across his neck. A full beat, then more, and, okay, just because he caught Dean checking him out didn’t mean he got to stare back for so long.
What if Cas didn’t want him here? What if he was having a—what was that Miss Penny called it—a private moment?
“Yeah?”
This was a bad idea.
Dean broke the silence after a few minutes of walking.
he had smiled when he looked over to the passenger seat of the Impala and Sam had fallen asleep against the window.
Dean sat and he sat and he watched Castiel draw, watched the tiny wrinkle in the middle of the bridge of his nose, watched the way he frowned in concentration. Occasionally, he would look up and their eyes would meet—Dean would fight the instinct to look away (like looking at the sun) and Castiel would smile, gently, and move his gaze to Dean’s ear, his jaw, his lips, before averting them back to the canvas.
It was Saturday, so Dean woke up, had breakfast (with Castiel, without the usual morning chatter between them, and his coffee had never tasted more bitter), and went to the mechanic's. Benny was there, and he grinned at Dean and slapped his back and called him
There was another student sitting on the bench waiting for a bus. They were engrossed in a book, so Dean made his way to sit next to them, politely sitting one seat away. From there, he found himself with his hands in his pockets and staring at nothing in particular. A few halfhearted attempts at recalling the lecture earlier that afternoon resulted in nothing but a growing headache and he quickly ditched the idea.
“Um—well—”
“Far from it,” Castiel said, straight-faced but bright-eyed.
“I know,” Cas said. He glanced at Dean, a little taken aback at his abrupt glee, and then shook it off.
“Leave me alone,” Sam muttered, sounding for all three-and-so decades of his life like he was back to a gangly, moody teen. “I was up all night researching. What did
Dean was beginning to notice, with an increasing worry that was stark when he watched him like he was trying to read his thoughts from the expression in his eyes alone. Castiel pushed back, held it in, resisted as hard as he could, for as long as he could.
Another hallway, another turn—they seemed to be in the private wings, for they didn’t meet any more guards—and then they came face to face with a pair of towering double-doors, embossed and decorated with intricate details.
Their noses brushed, glanced away. Dean waited, waited, until he realized that Castiel was waiting for him.
"I really couldn't," Castiel said quietly, but let himself be manhandled by Dean until they were both sprawled across the couch, shoulders bumping together and ankles intertwined.
When Castiel was five years old, his mother read him a book called
Dean perked up. "Really?"
Dean raises his eyebrows like,
“Just what, short-stuff?”
“I just don’t want to waste any of the time we have left,” Dean said, his voice barely a murmur.
Castiel was instantly suspicious. “Which one?”
“It’s a beautiful day,” Dean said one of those mornings, nearly surprising himself with the words.
“Hang on a second,” the man said. “I’ll go talk to him, okay? Explain things first. He’ll come out to meet you.”
“And remember to use protection!” he called out before the door to their dorm closed. Castiel wondered why he was in love with him at all, and then he grimaced, because now was not the time to think of that.
“Okay,” Dean said. Another few miles down the highway, and he had it. A Goldilocks dare, if you may. “I dare you to stick your leg out of the window.”
Of course Castiel knew. “Sophia,” he said. “She has brown eyes. Like chocolate.”
“Who are you?” he demanded, and was met with a pair of raised eyebrows.
The man sighed. “He’s… something.” A rueful smile came across his face. “He hates this trenchcoat; he’s always telling me to get rid of it. I suppose he decided to do it himself.”
“Cas,” Dean was saying. “Cas. Cas.”
“Yes,” Dean whispered. “Cas, Truth or Dare?”
“You’re not going to tell on me, right?” he murmured.
“Yeah, thanks,” Sam said dryly. “Anyway, that’s it.”
By the end of the day, Castiel was feeling much, much better. He was almost whistling by the time he walked back to his residence, Monday’s classes being light enough that he could grant the short trip back to his dorm for a home-cooked meal or, if he needed it, a quick nap.
All that colour had ever given him was an aching pain in his chest and a sting in his eyes. No sunset was worth that.
Rolling her eyes, his mother reached out for the dozenth time in an attempt to pat at his hair, a move which Castiel recognized and dodged immediately. Forget guard training, his wire-quick reflexes had long been built in before he’d even stepped foot inside the training arena.
“Lucky you,” Dean said. “You got two colours, all at once.”
The man huffed. “Any rumours about Dean?”
“Do you understand?” Cas said.
His head hurt like someone had taken a jackhammer to his skull, of course, but his heart—that was a different matter entirely. The physical sensations came back to him slowly, piece by piece (gummy eyes, cracked lips, an awful bitter taste in his mouth) but through it all, his heart pounded relentlessly and ached steadily as it did so—ached with a fierceness that made his breath catch.
he said.
for it now.”
“I dare you to save this for when we get back to the Bunker,” Sam said. “And to make a stop so I can buy earplugs.”
Castiel huffed. “You’re not dressed like royalty. Not presented like one, either. Not with all that mud on your face.”
“Hanahaki disease goes away if the love is returned, right?”
Dean with his jellybean eyes and too-wide grin and whip-sharp snark and the scar on his chin from when he was four and fell off a roof. Dean with his warm nimble fingers and warm broad chest and warm, warm smile.
The next round came that night in the shower. Castiel spat them out and stared at them as shampoo swirled down the drain. They were bell-shaped, dark purple petals surrounding a small centre. So very small, and yet, the feeling of them clogging in his throat was more forbearing than anything else he’d experienced.
“I wanted to see the sky,” Dean admitted.
“Oh, don’t forget to condition your hair, too. You know how it gets all frizzy when you’re stressed.”
Dean chewed on his lip for a long time, feeling Castiel’s eyes, soft and comforting, on his face.
“Meg,” Castiel said, but it was weak and insufficient and both of them knew it.
“Who?” Dean said.
Castiel kept his gaze unyielding.
“Wait, what?” Castiel said sharply. “You talked to Dr. Singer? When? Why?” Irritation mixed with fear rose up in a Molotov cocktail in his stomach.
Dean faltered. “Are you sure?”
Red was the colour of the big embellished seal on Sam’s Stanford acceptance letter, and also the colour of John’s face, ruddy and troubled and tear-stained most days than not when Dean came home too late at night to see him on the couch, like years and years and years ago. It was the colour of the cuts Dean washed and disinfected and dabbed on himself after coming home from bar fights more and more and the colour of the mud-splattered rickety truck that John drove off in with credit companies and landlords at his tail one day when Dean wasn’t in the passenger seat next to him.
“I wouldn’t say that,” Dean said, and that same feeling was crawling up his chest now, like bugs and wood gnats. “Cas, you’re my last one. Blue was the last one I was missing. None of the others worked out. I think there’s a pretty obvious common denominator there—that even my supposed
It was a little odd, and it made Dean's head hurt, when he thought about it for too long. Was it the old Castiel he loves, or the new? Which one of those was unreciprocated? Why now (Jesus, why now?)
Castiel huffs at that. “Why does it have to be you carrying me?”
“It’d be rather hypocritical of me if I wasn’t,” he said slowly, making sure the meaning settled in. “Is there something wrong with that?”
“I told you already. I’m taller.”
Castiel whistled again. The bird squirmed, kicked weakly with curled claws, and then continued to struggle. Castiel didn’t try to stroke it; knew better than to tamper with wildlife more than he needed to (but still couldn’t help but get in the way sometimes, as proven by what he was doing right now). Instead, he whistled softly, then turned it into a melody—something his mother used to sing to him. The baby bird shivered, then seemed to settle.
Dean blinked at the non-sequitur. We don’t have enough money for Lucky Charms, he thought. “I’ll buy more tomorrow,” he said.
damn it. Cas cried out, outraged.
Castiel held back an annoyed sound, pulling a face instead, and said, “How do I know to trust you? I’ve only just met you.”
The doors shut behind them, cutting off the sudden, joyful laughter that bubbled through the room like fresh champagne.
“Yup,” Dean said.
“What? Oh—
But it was just so
"Something like this what?" he said instead.
“He has bad taste, then,” Dean said, because he was staring at Castiel’s blue eyes and couldn’t think.
"What kind are they? Can you tell me that, at least?"
It was a baby bud of a tulip.
The next morning, he took the surgery papers to the clinic.
to Cas. Dean changed his mind—this was going to be
All around him, curling out in wisps and halos, was green. Surrounding him like a warm embrace, an aura that protected him from the incoming downpour. The only colour in the painting—the only colour in
“What other rumours are there?”
was here first.”
The man blinked, and then broke into the biggest grin Castiel had seen yet. “They rarely do anything else.”
to have fun.”
“Oh, Cas,” Sam murmured, so quietly it wasn’t certain if he meant for anyone else to hear but himself.
Castiel didn’t respond to that. “You didn’t answer my question,” he said. “Who are you?”
Sam’s expression was unreadable to the stranger’s eye, but Dean could see the flicker of conviction, of a kind, stubborn hope. He lowered his voice so that only Dean could hear. “You’ve been acting jumpy all day, man. It’s kind of long overdue.”
His own face stared back—not head-on, but with his head turned to the sky. He was not sitting, but rather standing; clad in the same jacket he was wearing, but in the middle of a field, surrounded by wildflowers that curled and danced in an invisible breeze. Clouds splayed themselves across the sky, streaking across a grey horizon, and Dean didn’t know how he knew, but it was raining; Dean was in the middle of it all, welcoming the storm with an upturned face and a barely-there smile, nothing but a quick upwards flick of a brush. His eyes were closed.
"Which one?"
"What was that? Speak up."
Dean stepped into the hall, took it all in for a few seconds, and understood why Sam chose Castiel out of all the other artists in the standing. The hall was completely black, with white light rods framing each painting, making them glow. The floor gave away to a soft, velvet-black carpet. Surprisingly, there weren’t too many people inside the room, half a dozen maybe, all observing in a hushed quiet.
"Wolfsbane," Castiel said, and felt Dean's fingers stutter on his skin.
and his chest—ached—for a moment, as if someone had reached in and grabbed a handful of insides and twisted, as hard as they could. Then, it cleared, and Castiel smiled.
