he was relaxed.
Reruns of
But Castiel shook his head. “No. You?”
No such luck, as Bobby said, in the stern tone he knew too well, “Dean,” and Dean shut up. “I raised you better than your own daddy,” Bobby said. “And I didn’t raise you to be like him. Think I deserve some measure of respect.“
Traffic had been smooth all day, the roads mostly empty. A good driving day, the kind that didn’t come as frequently as he wished.
Castiel scoffed. “Penance means nothing to someone who can’t comprehend the value of life. You’re a killer. A vampire.”
Cas scoffed. “You’re an idiot, Dean. That isn’t it at all.”
“Hmm,” Dean said, looking around. “Not too shabby.”
It wasn’t that he hadn’t wanted to see Cas; he just didn’t know how to tell him that he was quitting driving. More accurately, didn’t know how to tell Cas that he’d come to the decision weeks prior and Cas was one of the last to know.
“Shit, it’s not that good.” Fucking hell, he was blushing again.
Dean nodded and Cas kissed the top of his head. He left to take a shower and Dean scrubbed his hands over his face.
And then, when he felt he could never be happier, Jack asked him a simple question, weighty in its implications:
“I said drop it,” Dean warned.
“There you go,” he said, recovering, patting his shoulder again. “No match for an angel, right?”
“I’m fine,” Dean shot back.
Brushing dirt from his hands and straightening, Castiel beckoned to him. “I don’t understand how you can let him do that to you,” he said quietly,
“We said the same thing when he turned one. He keeps getting older.”
Wiping his face with his trenchcoat sleeve, he joined them. Hariel repressed a shudder, forced herself not to cringe away from his crooked wings and disfigured form.
“That’s not what I meant—”
“Are you okay?” Castiel asked, touching his back.
Castiel thought sorrowfully, putting out his cigarette. He shivered, hunching his shoulders against a biting wind. Turns out, Dean didn’t care like he did. Dean didn’t even care enough to keep things as they were, as unsatisfying as they were. Dean wanted to end everything between them. He didn’t want more.
For all intents and purposes, “No. I'm perfectly sane. But, then, 94% of psychotics think they're perfectly sane, so I guess we'd have to ask ourselves, ‘what is sane?’”
“Yes.” He let his gaze drift around the small room. He’d bobtailed to the motel from the drop yard, brought in his plants from the cab and arranged them on the window sill. One duffel bag, one backpack. He’d washed all his clothes and placed them in the creaky dresser across from the bed, even though he’d have to pack everything up in a few days.
By the time they actually got around to showering, he was half-hard and Dean wasn’t helping any. As he soaped himself up, Dean hugged him from behind, hooking his chin over his shoulder. Leaning back against Dean’s chest, he watched as Dean slipped his hand down his stomach to his cock, began to stroke him.
Dean nodded, seemingly satisfied with this explanation. Castiel, though, pressed for more. “And do you know anyone who’s gone through it?”
Dean held out a hand to stop Benny. “Careful.”
Castiel’s heart ached, a tangible, physical sensation in his chest. “Are you going to take time off?” he asked.
When Jack let go of Cas, Cas grabbed his hand, holding tight. “You’ll pray to me, right? If anything happens?” Jack nodded, tugging a little to get away.
Then came the reply, “Yeah, the trailer’s fine, I’m fine, just shook up.”
Had he told Benny? He forgot who all he’d told. “Yeah.” He shifted, resting his bag on the tops of his boots instead of the floor. “‘Bout time. These past weeks have been dragging on.”
“And how many people have you killed?” Benny shot back. “Or watched die and didn’t do shit about it?” He nodded at him. “That vessel, that ain’t yours, is it? The poor bastard dead? Or trapped in his own skin? Ain’t so righteous are you?”
Maybe he was only imagining it; Cas had said, after all, that he was happy for him. The thing was, Dean had been so focused on telling Cas that he was quitting, that he forgot to wonder about what followed next. So, he might see Cas again tonight. And then, what? Say goodbye? For how long?
“Then what is it, huh? Clue me in.”
“‘Cause of Dean, don’t gotta sleep so much,” Benny said. “Let us take turns keeping watch before you. Means I’m stronger than ever before.”
Castiel wished he could have such willfully ignorant optimism.
“Jack, no!” Dean called, seeing Jack stick his fingers in his mouth. “I’m so getting sick,” he muttered under his breath.
Hurt more than anything else, the memory of leaving Dean alone in this place. More than all of Heaven’s righteous fury and judgement poured on him. Hearing Dean’s desperate prayers night after night after night… He had clawed at his ears, so many times almost lost his resolve. In the end, couldn’t stay firm. Couldn’t let Dean keep suffering, searching.
And himself, fully restored to his glory, majestic in a way he hardly remembered, wings flared, strong.
“Are you sure this is the right way?” Castiel asked. Hours of walking. Incredibly tiring. If he knew where to go, he would attempt to fly them to the portal—though the thought of using his grace for Benny’s benefit made his true form writhe. He wasn’t even certain he could manage such a trip, if his creeping exhaustion now meant anything.
The heater sputtered and Dean rubbed his arms against the chill in the room. “So this is it, then?” Cas said quietly.
“Just a little,” Cas admitted. Dean snorted and Cas elbowed him. “Dean more than me.”
For a moment, Dean looked suitably sobered, and Castiel thought he might understand. Then he drew his shoulders back, stepping away from Castiel’s hand. “Save the Hallmark, okay? It's gonna work. Nobody gets left behind.”
“Can’t say… can’t say I don’t want it.” He picked at the skin around his thumbnail, then straightened, crossed his arms. “Maybe I won’t quit, I’ll keep driving—“
"Yup, uh, good enough," Dean said quickly, grabbing Jack's hands.
“Let’s keep moving before more show up,” Benny told them, and Castiel bent to rip a tooth from the Leviathan’s mouth, tucking it into his pocket before they continued on their way.
“Fine,” Dean grunted. He spluttered when Jack kicked his feet, sending up a spray of sand, and Jack laughed at him.
that she was busy, real busy. “I heard you’re driving,” she said and he wondered for a moment how she knew.
“Okay.”
Dammit, Cas sounded like his feelings were actually hurt. “I don’t know, man. A few weeks ago, I guess.” Longer than that, nearly three months now.
He was stubborn though; he’d be damned if he returned home. It was like Anna had said about Gabe: there was nothing for him there.
friends. Had been for a long time now.
Castiel ignored him to rush to Dean’s aid, the vampire he was grappling with still alive and vicious. Dean kicked the foe squarely in the chest then slashed his blade at it again, catching its face and making the monster shriek. Before Castiel could throw himself in between them, Dean grinned, throwing his arms out wide, taunting the vampire, "You want me? Come on, get a taste!"
“Woah, hey!” Dean ran to get between them, holding out his hands, stopping Castiel from getting closer to the monster.
Dean shrugged. “You wanna know the worst part? I was so damn embarrassed. Because we were a couple all throughout high school. Told everyone she was the one. Anyway—” He swallowed down more of his beer. “‘Nuff about me. What about you?”
“Two car pileup,” Cas said. “They’re clearing the road now.”
‘course Dean had to get all sappy and make it awkward. Cas probably hadn’t even noticed how long it’d been.
When Dean stilled inside him and pulled out with a quiet groan, Castiel reached back and pulled at him. Dean lay down on him, weight pressing him into the mattress, mouth hot against his skin.
“Lookin’ a little shook up there, Cas,” Benny said, voice derisive. “Kinda got the jump on you, didn’t it?”
“You mean that?” Cas asked.
Benny lifted his head, a line of saliva connecting his mouth to Dean’s cock. “Wanna join, you can.” Grinned, dangerously. “Feeling generous.”
Castiel didn’t respond, and Benny had never been able to read him. Not like Dean, not an open book.
Until Castiel freed them. Held them in his vessel, tight against his grace until they knew every cavity, every pulse—
Walking and walking and walking. Every step, his grace curling up tighter and tighter on itself, trying to protect itself from Purgatory. Meant he had to strain to see Dean’s soul, mourned the loss. Couldn’t see Benny’s tainted one. At surface level, the two men no different from each other.
Every hour marked by their footsteps, tense posture, blades drawn. Low conversation between Dean and Benny; how they still managed to talk conversationally was beyond him. Took all his effort to stay alert.
“Anyone guarding it?” Dean asked, turning back to the werewolf.
With a glance at the door to convince himself Cas would be in the shower for a little while longer, he grabbed the blanket, brought it to their bed.
His superiors had told him to take a vessel, walk on Earth. He had obeyed without a second thought. He hadn’t realized what it’d feel like—Jimmy’s soul growing lonely and anguished, his anger fermenting the longer he spent wrapped in Castiel’s grace, desperation in his eyes, crack in his voice, begging Castiel to take him and not his daughter. Haunting.
Taking Dean’s face in his hands, Castiel forced him to hold his gaze. “You must take care of yourself, Dean.” Dean tried to pull away and Castiel shook him a little. “Do you understand?”
“I’ve been tired.”
He couldn’t go with Dean, he belonged here. He grabbed Dean’s hand and met his eyes, held tightly to remember what it felt like.
“We need to get out of here. If more come—Cas, come on.”
Dean told himself.
Dean and Benny talked quietly as the vampire shaved him, saying something about a boat, a crew.
“No!” He pointed to the waves, and Dean said,
“Aww, Cas, you tryin’ to flirt?”
Getting in his truck, Dean slammed the door shut, sat in the driver’s seat, stared out the windshield unseeing.
“Yeah, sure.” Dean pulled out his phone and handed it over, said, “What’ve you been doing since I saw you last?” Two months, if he wasn’t mistaken. They’d met up outside St. Louis.
Cheering drew his eyes from the table where he, Sam, and Dad sat outside a restaurant to the people heading down the sidewalk towards the music. Banners on streetlights along the road proclaimed that today marked Roseville's 3rd Annual Pride Parade. His eyes snagged on a group of kids his own age standing on the street corner, hugging and talking excitedly. One boy had painted nails and wore a cropped shirt that exposed his midriff. As he talked with his friends, he looked around, and his eyes met Dean’s. He smiled at him, and Dean ducked his head, face burning.
He couldn’t help feeling foolish, especially having admitted to picking up extra work to see Dean yesterday. But dammit, he was glad he had if this was gonna be Dean’s last drive. Which begged the question, why hadn’t Dean told him earlier?
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s Friendship Day today and I want to make one for Claire.” He looked at the yarn in his hands which Dean could now tell was threaded together into a pattern. “And Kaia and Alex and Jody and Donna.” He sighed dramatically. “I have a lot to do.”
“You can take the shower first,” Castiel offered, rubbing his hands together from the cold.
An argument on I-70 and sixty-two miles of tense silence. "If you don't speak to me, I can't understand," Cas said, voice quiet under the whir of tires on the road.
“No, it’s not alright,” Dean griped, using the towel to dab at Jack’s face. Jack’s crying lessened somewhat, sobs turned into hiccups as he curled into Cas’ lap. Cas hugged him tight, stroking his hair. “What if he’d gotten knocked over?”
He gagged, jackknifed at the waist. Shouldn’t be happening, his grace shouldn’t be letting his vessel take over like this. Closer to the ground, the smell was stronger and he retched again, stomach clenching, throat tightening.
Dean cleaned up the mess of books and papers on the table, turned off the lamps just to do something with his hands. Normally, this is when he’d grab a drink, try to calm his head, but he’d been trying to cut back lately—blame Cas’ concern for his liver—so instead he decided to head to the Dean Cave. Maybe a few episodes of Dr. Sexy would distract himself enough to sleep.
Zara waved her hand. “We talked some when he came to my kingdom. He told me all about you and your brother and why you needed the Tree of Life’s fruit. I must thank you for saving the world quite a few times.”
. If, confronted with an angel then, he would’ve been able to believe in good things, if he would've kissed him to not feel so alone.
“What is there to see? He’s a monster and he’s drinking your blood—”
“Might be a good idea,” Benny said.
“Mhm.” Cas threaded his fingers along the short hairs at the nape of Dean’s neck, and Dean kissed the corner of his mouth. “Was. Then I got this route.”
Dean watched Castiel as if waiting for a rebuke. Benny took his chin in his hand and turned his face back to him, kissed him.
Castiel rolled his eyes. Sliding back to sit against a stump, he tried to ignore the way his calf muscles ached and his shoes rubbed against his ankles. Minor inconveniences. Should have been minor, that is, but Purgatory had a way of turning everything on its head.
“Nope.” Dean shut his eyes again. “Reap what you have sown.”
“We’re horrible influences,” Cas said, unsuccessfully fighting back a smile.
“Just let it grow, brother,” Benny told him.
Dropping his head back on the pillow, he tried to catch his breath, legs trembling with his aftershocks. “Shit, dammit, Dean,” he gasped as Dean kept fucking him.
Cas looked up at him, a worried expression on his face. “Are you alright, Dean? You disappeared all day.”
It was over, and he had to accept it. He didn’t want to accept it. He wanted Dean. For such a transient job, he and Dean had always seemed long lasting. Somewhere along the line, he’d been tricked into thinking it’d always be like this.
Resting against a tree, he leaned his head back against the rough bark and closed his eyes, tried to will his grace to calm. More agitated than he’d let himself grow before in Purgatory, needed all his strength to fight. But needed to calm now so he wouldn’t glow too brightly to the monsters nearby.
“It does present a curious curl in the metaphysics, doesn’t it?” Castiel asked, pushing his hands against his thighs to stand. “If you murder a monster in monster heaven, where does it go?”
His wings rose almost of their own accord. He had tried to use them sparingly in the past months, preferring to keep a low profile, stealthily moving through the forest on his own feet. The feathered limbs shuddered as they rose around him and he felt a lurch in his stomach at their ungainly weight. Perhaps he kept them tucked away because he didn’t want to acknowledge their appearance—crooked and gnarled beyond repair, victims of the depraved monsters who once clawed for release inside him, tore at his true form.
Dean stared at the road. Of course.
“She was incredibly non-sympathetic—thank you." Cas took the bowl from him. “She seemed to find it amusing that I once ruled garrisons and now can’t go five minutes without sneezing.”
Benny grinned. “Get outta here. Go find Dean.”
It was good Castiel would be sent to Earth, Hariel thought. He would cause quite a disturbance in Heaven with his appearance. Why Naomi insisted they find Castiel, no matter the cost, was beyond her—but she should be content as Zadkiel was without all the answers. The perfect angel: knowledgeable of God’s will and firm in obedience. Clearly the opportunity for Castiel to be such an angel was lost. She hoped one day to become one.
Stepped out from a tangle of bushes and paused. Benny had one hand gripping Dean’s jacket, kissing him. Had him pressed back against a tree.
“Your dad, he had good intentions, I’ll give him that, but the one thing he didn’t have was a lick of sense. Could never figure out what he wanted from life.”
“Yes, Dean. I don’t want to marry her.” Looking away, he brushed dirt from his hands.
Dean walked down the bank of skittering stones, tentative steps. As he drew closer, though, his pace quickened and his face broke into a smile. “Cas.” Laughing, he pulled Castiel into a hug. Surprised, Castiel stood stiff in his embrace. He had been expecting anger, not this joyful reunion.
He was free from those ties now. He had long lived among humanity, long walked in a physical vessel on earth, long studied the face of the humans he loved. Some days he felt closer to the dirt under his feet, the texture of his clothes, the warmth of the sun on his skin, than to the pulse of his grace deep inside.
Getting under the covers, he draped the blanket over himself and lay down, shifting to get comfortable. Once settled, he stared up at the ceiling and waited for the miracle blanket to work its wonders. How much money had Cas spent on this shit? He really had to hide the credit cards.
"I'm only going to stop because talking hurts too much," Cas told him, tossing a tissue at the trashcan and missing sorely. Dean grimaced.
“It doesn’t hurt too bad.” Could feel his grace beginning to heal the bone. But he let Dean wrap a handkerchief around the bone, wincing as the bones clicked into place. A strip of red, bubbled skin around his wrist, scalded from the Leviathan’s tongue.
Castiel watched him follow Benny, thoughts of flying away flitting through his mind. They had killed a werewolf this morning. There would be more soon enough; his angelic grace was too strong, too bright. It attracted monsters like moths to a flame. Only a matter of time before the Leviathan found them.
“That’s ridiculous,” Castiel scoffed. “He lets you drink his blood, and, and.” Couldn’t force the words out.
“Seat yourself!” a woman called from behind the counter and Cas chose a booth by a window.
He loved her even when she came back to him and he was confronted with the truth that the woman he loved in his memory was not a complete image of the woman in front of him. He hated the way she left him, but he loved her because it wasn’t her fault. He hated her inability to be the perfect woman his dad created fantasies of, but he loved her because she was real.
He walked off with that, as if that was all there was to say. Castiel knew it would never be that simple, never was.
Dean shrugged. “Does this every night. He’s like a fucking dog, can’t settle down ‘till he turns in circles.”
“Smart,” Dean commented, toeing off his boots. He seemed to hesitate for a moment, fingers at the button to his jeans, and Castiel looked away, knowing how much he valued his privacy. He’d complained enough about Castiel watching him sleep.
“Okay,” Dean said. “Um. We gotta get moving.”
Tensing, Castiel realized his hand had slipped to his own face, running his fingers through his beard. Getting to his feet, he slipped off his shoes, draped his trenchcoat over them, and waded into the water.
“You are still an angel, you still have a responsibility to us—“
“That’s my second favorite!” He started jumping from one colored tile to the next. “And the T-Rex. That’s Dee’s favorite. And Dad likes the steg-a-sore-us.” He peered up at her. “Did you know he got to see dinosaurs? Right in front of him!”
“Cut the bullshit—you got scared and ran. Didn’t think twice about leaving me behind.”
Getting to his feet, he tucked the handkerchief carefully into his pocket, then selected the top stone from the pile. The pebble Dean had stepped over to enter the portal.
“Claire’s gonna buy me pins,” he said, jumping onto the curb.
The stools next to Dean had been filled by people Castiel didn’t know, so he took a seat at the end of the bar. Dean glanced at him in between a conversation and Castiel looked away. He didn’t know why they still kept up this farce, acting like they weren’t close, keeping a distance between themselves. What was the point?
Maybe he should ask Benny how he passed the nights here without growing insane.
Sounds of fabric hitting the ground, then splashing of water. Benny had no qualms, it seemed, about watching Dean strip to his undergarments and wade into the water. Castiel spared him a, he hoped, menacing scowl, before returning his gaze to Dean.
And that’s when Dean’s Tuesday got worse.
Sounds of shifting, and Castiel couldn’t resist glancing at them. Benny getting between Dean’s legs and bending over him, Dean leaning back on his elbows, watching. Glancing over, Benny caught Castiel's eye. Winked before taking Dean in his mouth.
His eyes flying open, he turned around, scanned the trees. “I can’t—my grace, it’s rebelling against my vessel—”
But he knew what Cas meant. Because he couldn’t stop thinking about the time he’d called Cas in the middle of the night to tell him his mom had died. He’d gotten off the phone with Sam and needed to hear Cas’ voice. Had wanted to see him, and he was lucky Cas offered because he couldn’t get the words out.
“What’re you doing?”
“Great, so he attracts monsters
Benny spat a laugh. “Look around, angel!” He spread his arms wide. “We’re in fucking Purgatory! This place reeks of blasphemy.”
“I know your soul pretty well by now. I suppose it drew me here.” Walking forward, he traced his hand over the table in the middle of the room, glanced at the dirt on his fingers, wiped them on his trenchcoat—fabric mud-stained still.
The curb wasn’t exactly a comfortable place to sit, and the air turned chillier as the night grew longer, but Dean couldn’t will himself to get up, not even to get Cas into his truck and undressed. It was kinda nice, just sitting and talking; he and Cas admittedly hadn’t done much talking the past few times they’d run into each other.
Jack kicked his feet against the seat. “Hungry.”
Jack crawled over to where Cas lay on his stomach on the blanket and kept quiet as Cas read aloud from a book on environmentalism. Despite the lack of pictures—or maybe because he got so bored—Jack’s eyes soon fell shut and Cas fell silent, shutting his book to adjust Jack’s shirt from where it’d ridden up over his stomach.
Need less sleep if I get a little human blood in me.”
“Time flies.” Dean tossed his phone onto the nightstand. “Can I turn off the light?” Castiel nodded and, leaning over, Dean turned off the lamp. The blankets rustled as he settled down. “You hear anything recently from your siblings?”
Cas finally spoke, quietly, “Sometimes I wish that we could make this into something more serious.”
“Let me see your hand.”
“How the fuck did you survive this long out here?” the vampire asked.
He remembered a vision Jack had shown him—when Jack still lay in his mother’s womb, when the unborn child’s very presence seemed a threat.
Benny moved closer, holding his blade up for the monster to see. Castiel hung back, knowing the drill by now. Corner a monster, interrogate it. Kill it.
Dean ordered a whiskey and, nodding at something Hannah was saying, Cas looked over at him. Dean winked surreptitiously. He caught the slightest flush in Cas’ face before Cas turned away. As an unspoken rule, he and Cas didn’t hang out much in public. He guessed not to draw suspicion, though it seemed, despite their efforts, it was well known they were friends, and a few people, like Meg, might even see through the act.
Jack took a few, tottering steps towards the bird, both staring each other down, then held out his french fry. Dean leaned over to push his hand down. “Don’t feed it.”
“Mhm.” He was starting to think he should’ve bought one of these things a long time ago. He hadn’t realized how strung out he was before until now, all the tension in his body slipping away.
Swirling vapor preceded the first Leviathan. Benny was swinging at it before it formed into a figure. A snarl, then a face, a gash carved into its smile. Dean plucked at Castiel’s sleeve, pulling him back to back, scanning around them.
Dean pulled off one of his boots, not meeting his eyes.
Castiel thought, standing up from his bed now. Voices carried from outside, the scrape of metal as the trailer was loaded. Maybe he should’ve done as Dean did and forgot all about the call.
“Me too. I mean, the, missing. I miss you. A lot. Fuck.” Dean huffed, then said, “I should go.”
Thankfully, he seemed to have worn himself out because his digging soon slowed to a stop as his head drooped comically. Cas called, “Come on, Jack, you want me to read to you?”
, Dean told him.
“Yes,” he forced himself to say. His voice came out quiet and thin, and he cleared his throat, tried again. “Yes.”
Begrudgingly, he trudged after them.
Dean bristled at the underlying meaning in her words—Cas had no place with him and Sam. They were just gross humans.
“Of course.” The wind pushed Castiel’s hair from his forehead. “Anytime. For any of it.”
Benny shrugged. “Just speculating.”
“Cas.” Dean looked back at him. “Heal him.”
“It can—”
“There ain’t,” Dean said shortly. “Way it is.”
“What?”
“Yeah, well. Sorry.” Then, unable to resist, he added, “But, listen, the, uh, the team driving? Don’t get me wrong, I’m flattered you’d wanna do something like that, but trust me, I would've driven you crazy. Never woulda worked."
"No, no." Cas leveled him with a glare, but it had lost its bite now that Dean knew he couldn't strike him dead with his angel grace. Okay, it was still pretty menacing. "I'm trying to save your ass. Sam will kill you if you sneeze on his laptop or precious books. Come on, take off the coat, you gotta be burning up."
“If he does anything—”
“Sure thing, cher,” Benny said, giving him a sly smile before continuing walking.
Grumbling, Cas turned off the light and got under the covers with more rustling and movement than necessary. Finally, he settled down. The bunker hummed, the heating running, the pipes in the walls creaking as a shower turned on down the hallway. The blanket heavy on top of him, Dean began to fall asleep again.
’s he had repeated too much already. They were good friends—or so Castiel liked to think. At the very least, he and Dean had talked enough to know a fair bit about each other’s families and lives. Dean and his brother had been very close with Mary, he knew. Her sickness had taken a toll on them. There wasn’t anything he could say to make her death hurt any less, though he wished he could. But he thought he understood a bit of what was running through Dean’s head—the what if’s, the guilt for not being there more.
“One of ‘em lost a bet at pool.” Grinning, he patted his jacket pocket holding his wallet. “Wanted his money back, but I told him no way.”
Dean paused, drawing back to meet his eyes. “Yeah?”
But there’d be more, they were everywhere, seeking him out.
“Alright, I know what to do,” Dean said, tossing aside the book he’d only gotten three pages into. Taking the shovel, he dug a shallow hole in the shade of the umbrella, then grabbed a bucket.
Castiel knew Dean meant it. His insistent prayers, his relentless search, even while knowing he could simply abandon Castiel and leave this place. Castiel should stay away, Dean didn’t understand. But Dean wouldn’t let him go.
But Dean was telling now of the showdown between Lucifer and Michael in a cemetery.
He had to return, had to reach the light filtering through the water, had to return to Dean. But the darkness escaped from him, from his very pores and obscured the sunlight so he did not know whether his eyes were open or not.
Grabbing their beach bag, Dean fetched a bag of goldfish and opened it, handing one to Jack.
“Can you wait?” Cas asked, checking the GPS. "The next stop is… twenty minutes away.”
“Yes, in eons and eons. And I will spend that time here, paying penance.” He leaned a twig against the tower.
"You never know," Cas said, picking Jack up and standing him on a chair.
“Your own fault,” Dean said, taking the fifty dollar bill from him. He glanced over to where he knew Cas was sitting, talking to Hannah across the bar—or, rather, Hannah was talking to him. She’d been trying to get into Cas’ pants for years now, but it seemed she couldn’t take a hint.
Letting the tower collapse, he pulled his hands into his lap and watched Benny pull away from Dean, Dean shivering a little as he readjusted his collar and shirt.
“Fuck off,” Dean muttered. “You’re the bloodsucker who doesn’t have to sleep.”
Hot tears burned his eyes. Losing control. He curled his fingers into his coat sleeves, began to recite Enochian under his breath. Instructions, the angelic mission pounded into his head. Guard, worship, avenge. Every angel knew them by heart. Intimate syllables, etched into their forms, comforting in their familiarity.
“If you saw what he was like when he was looking for you…” Benny shook his head. “Man, nothing could get in his way, though I tried. He damn near acted like a man possessed. Hardly slept. Thought you must be someone real special to warrant that kinda devotion.” He grinned. “Imagine my disappointment when our search turned up you.”
“Nope. Once burned.” Those had been wild years—arguments and tempers, broken hearts. He started to release the radio button, then pushed it again, said, “Think driving kinda helped with everything, after the divorce. Kinda just wanted to get away. Drove within state till I was 21, then started going over the road and haven’t stopped since.”
, he begged.
, Dean thought.
Jack looked back at them and Dean nodded. “We’ll be waiting for you when school’s over.”
“Fine,” he said, leaving the room. “But you’re freaking out over nothing.”
“Oh, but you just figured you’d let me pay for your drinks?”
“Not necessarily,” Cas said. “I don’t think we’re
“She barges in here with a dozen Djinn saying she’s engaged to Cas? Are they trying to infiltrate us? Can you tell if she’s evil?”
Without his permission, he felt his own eyes growing teary and he ducked his head, scraped his heel on the sidewalk.
Still, he liked the familiar shape of the language, the comfort the markings provided with their unique lilt and form. He pronounced them in his head as he carved.
“I need you to annul our engagement,” Cas said and Zara’s smile froze. Dean bit back a grin. “Now,” Cas added.
and here's a
“And I woulda killed them, no problem.” He smiled, baring his teeth, points of his fangs just visible.
"So first you roll the dough out into a rope," he said, following along with the pictures. "Then you form it into a u-shape." He glanced at Jack to see if he was paying any attention, but Jack seemed more interested in rolling the dough around the table and through the flour. Then he yelped, staring at his hands in bewilderment.
“Can I help you with anything?” asked an employee with two nose rings and jewelry up and down their ears—
"He's already got us, and Claire and Kaia and Alex and—"
Sitting down in the driver’s seat, he pulled out his phone and scrolled through his contacts to Bobby’s name—then kept going, stopped at Cas’ name. He should leave things how they were, right?
“It’s just me.”
“It’s mine, ain’t it? I won.”
“Cold!” he yelled.
“It was creeping me out.” He shook the bag of goldfish. “Come on, Jack, leave the birds alone." Jack turned at the sound of the bag and stopped jabbering to return for more goldfish.
“You’re a liar anyway,” Dean said. “If you were doing everything for me, you wouldn’t be putting up a fight about escaping here.”
And outside, in the cold air, any remaining desire for revenge seeped away. “I really should get some sleep,” he said.
Dean’s anger was mounting. “You’re only pissed because I’m doing what you’ve always wanted to do! Don’t take it out on me because you’re too scared to quit.”
“Thinking we gotta head this way,” Benny said, surveying around them. The river twisted to their right, dividing the trees, and the land sloped upwards to the left. He pointed to the left.
No, they didn’t ‘get it;’
Castiel shuddered. “I would appreciate it if you refrained from talking about your particular vice.”
“DAD!” Jack ran full force to Dean, crashing against his legs. Before Dean could recover, Jack turned to Cas, who crouched down and took him into his arms, nearly getting knocked down in the process. He held onto him tightly, shutting his eyes as he buried his face into Jack’s shoulder.
“Well, ya got human vessels. But the whole,” he wiggled his fingers at Castiel, “angel part sure to complicate things a little.”
But then Dean noticed him, and he smiled. “Hey, Cas.”
How quickly plans for a quiet Saturday night could turn into a boisterous Winchester and Co. event. Dean’s eyes were bright, though, and Jack’s eyes were wide in amazement at this idea.
The leaf twirled towards the portal, then seemed repelled by an unseen force because it suddenly cavorted back down the rocks. “There it is,” Castiel said. Rather than any relief, he felt a sinking sensation in his stomach. Forced himself to steady. To Dean, he added, “It's reacting to you.”
Dean stifled a laugh at Cas’ hurt expression. “Guess we didn’t make the best first impression at Back to School night.”
Cas shook his head. “I was just gonna get a drink, then sleep in the truck.”
The other angels recoiled at the sight of his disfigured true form. A series of mistakes had led him here, but he regretted them with every inch of his being.
Dean shook his head, wiping at his face. “You alright, Cas?”
“Sam’s, uh.” Dean waved his hand. “Sam’s a mess and I’ve had to, you know, make arrangements and figure out where to put her stuff, and it’s just, it’s just a lot.” He looked down at the patchy, yellowed grass, clenching his jaw.
“You ain’t gotta tell me everything that’s ailing you, but ‘least you can do is not be an ass about it.”
He held the fabric tightly in his hands, eyes traveling along the loose threads and torn seams. Something wet trickled down his cheek and he wiped at it. His vessel was crying.
“He doesn’t realize what he’s doing, this place is playing tricks with his mind. Encouraging your bloodlust, it’s impure.” Voice rising.
She broke into a grin, and he rolled his eyes, kept walking. “I’m joking. I find it kinda suspicious that you know exactly who I’m talking about, though.”
Jack held up the pretzel, effectively warping the shape, and grinned at the camera. "I make one for Auntie," he declared when Dean lowered the phone, and grabbed more dough to form his own pretzel.
“We could take them,” Dean said and Sam gave him his patented bitch face. He huffed. “Fine.”
Pulling his knees to his chest, Castiel curled in on himself, shut his eyes. Drew deep inside himself, forcing his agitated grace to settle, calm. Needed to calm, made a fool of himself.
Castiel scrubbed his hands in the river, scraping dirt and blood out from under his fingernails. His face itched and he scratched at his beard. Still not used to facial hair. It seemed that under the effects of Purgatory, his grace’s ability to control his vessel was weakened; not only were his clothes accumulating dirt, but his joints aching and his hair growing longer.
“Both,” Dean says, leaning over to kiss him. Then he gets to his feet, offering his hand. Cas lets him pull him to his feet, grabbing the watering can on his way up.
Dean didn’t try to protest, and even though Castiel wanted him to agree, his silent admission sent an ache through his chest. He spoke around the hurt. “You see why this portal won’t work for me.”
Looking back out at the water, Castiel felt a pang of regret. That grin, that laugh. It was a rare thing for Dean nowadays.
Dean bit his lip, then nodded. “Yeah. Guess so.”
“You’re spoiling him.”
He opened a beer and watched Cas out of the corner of his eye, heart starting to quicken a little, as it always did when he was alone with him. It was ridiculous, because he and Cas were just friends. Obviously. He didn’t know why he had to remind himself so often.
“Well, now, that’s useful,” Benny said, sitting down next to Dean.
Hariel shied away from a tree marred with claw marks, fur, and blood, and Zadkiel’s face—a vessel Hariel still wasn’t accustomed to—wrinkled in a grimace. “I cannot stand another minute in this place.”
“Dad,” Jack complained. “I’m out of yellow.”
“Exactly.”
“He’s just been through a traumatic experience,” Cas said, handing the container to Jack. “We can make an exception.”
“Hello.” He began placing the seeds into the containers and Dean stood there awkwardly, watching. Maybe planting the seeds was a sign; maybe this meant Cas was planning to stay. Or maybe it meant Cas was going to take his tomato plants with him to Zara’s kingdom.
Benny ran a thumb over the edge of his blade. Stained dark from blood and guts. Dean’s own weapon lay under his hand. Even in his sleep, ready at a minute’s notice to fight. Castiel found himself hoping Dean would find some respite on Earth, that he would allow himself to rest.
Waving, she walked off to her truck, and Dean got back in the driver’s seat. Pulling out his phone, he saw a text from Cas.
If Castiel died, though, stood passive as Leviathan swarmed closer—
Dean shrugged. “Tired.” Gestured to Castiel. “He’s keeping watch.”
“I’m joking, man, it was like half a second.” Too late, he realized he was admitting how absurd it was that he remembered Castiel’s face. Looking away, he pulled the covers out from where they were tucked into the headboard.
And Benny. He couldn’t imagine Dean and Benny sticking together; their alliance, companionship, even friendship—though he shuddered at the word—was one of necessity. On Earth, they would no longer need each other.
Cas stepped closer to the bed, then hesitated. Dean motioned for him to sit and Cas did so on the edge of the bed, away from Dean’s legs. He glanced at the TV. “We should have another movie night soon. We haven’t had one in a long time.”
He didn’t look up from pouring sugar into his coffee. “Hey Meg.”
“Come on.” He still wasn’t looking at Castiel. Blood oozed from the bite marks.
Stepping outside, he squinted a little in the sunlight. Cas sat in their usual spot—on the curb lining the back lot, under the shade of a tree with hanging branches.
“The sign out front said we even get color TV.” The door stuck and he had to force it shut with his shoulder in order to lock it. “Wonder of wonders.”
He’d parked out where the lot ended in a stretch of grass and a thicket of trees beyond the reach of the parking lot lights. As he drew closer to his truck, he spotted Cas leaning against the cab of a rig parked a few spots down, and bit the corner of his mouth to stop from smiling.
“I like being in the sunlight,” Cas said. He handed over a wrapped sub. “Straight from the deli. Just like you wanted.”
Scanning the ridge as they walked, movement caught his eyes. A leaf, rising in the air, floating. He paused and heard Benny and Dean stop, watching it too.
Dean raised an eyebrow, waiting, and Cas broke into a full grin. Stepping close, he kissed Dean. “I completely forgot,” he explained.
Realizing Dean and Benny had been quiet for some time, he looked up to see Dean fidgeting, twirling his blade in his hand, Benny glancing over at him, finally, huffing,
“What?” he asked, but Cas only shook his head.
“Had a good day?” Dean asked. Around them, other kids streamed out of the school to waiting parents, and Jack nodded enthusiastically.
call, for hoping something beneficial to him would come out of such a terrible time for Dean. And he berated himself for the way his heart skipped when, two and a half weeks later, Dean called to tell him he was going back to work, that he was headed to North Carolina, would he be anywhere nearby?
remotely similar.”
Dean rubbed his eyes. “Isn’t there something else you wanna read?”
“May these words bring… pwotection,” Jack said, concentration lining his face. Dean startled, staring at him. Jack reached out a chubby finger to trace Dean’s shirt. “Or the… wath of… ce-les-tial awmies will be turned against you.”
Dean didn’t look betrayed now; he looked angry, and Castiel didn’t know if that was better or worse. Wondered if this anger was always brimming just under the surface; if Dean saw a disappointment whenever he looked at him.
“You alright?” Dean asked and Castiel snapped his attention back to him.
Juggling the runaway peaches in his arms, he took the pale yellow slice and bit into it. Sweet with just enough tartness, soft skin and buttery smooth flesh.
“I am
What he wanted? He wanted… He didn’t know what he wanted, and maybe it didn’t matter anyway. Some things just had to be accepted.
he mean? “I don’t know. Well, maybe I do. I just…” He took a deep breath and met Cas’ eyes. “I just want to be with you. Romantically, or whatever. More than just being friends.” He held Cas’ gaze even though his heart was pounding and a tiny voice in his brain screamed,
“Can I… Can I kiss you?” he asked and Cas nodded. He started pushing his chair back, then Dean was standing and meeting him by his chair.
Truthfully, she wasn’t sure. The Winchesters weren’t in her jurisdiction; though, of course, she always heard rumors. Not about the well-being of the Winchesters, that is. More often complaints about something ill-advised one of the brothers had done now.
“Fuck,” Dean muttered. A phone rang and the woman excused herself, went into a room behind the desk.
“Nah. Bobby has a few dogs. Really mean before they get used to you. He’s retiring, I tell you that?”
“Yeah.” Another clink, then something like liquid pouring. He was drinking, Castiel realized. Dean had called him because he was drunk. “Not driving again for, uhh, three more days? Heading out to Kansas. When are you going out?”
The man stepped forward as if to stop him. “If you want, you can use the shower in my room, I don’t mind. If you want.”
“Passed through Cheyenne a couple times. Don’t think I stayed there. Place with the cats, right?”
“It’s alright, you did the right thing, you didn’t hurt anyone.” He patted the side of Cas’ face, drawing Cas’ eyes to his. “You good?”
Cas eyed the mechanical bull, and Hannah looked slightly annoyed at Dean for interrupting their conversation, which was the best reward Dean could’ve gotten.
Dean swallowed hard. “There isn’t anyone else." Quieter, he admitted, “There hasn’t been anyone else for a long time.”
“Done!” Jack announced.
He’d take care of Cas, and Cas would take care of him. It sounded like a good life
If getting Jack to sit still for a meal was difficult, getting him to settle down for a nap soon after was impossible. The ocean waves were growing more crowded with people, shrieks and laughter piercing the air. Someone kite surfed in the distance. Jack was entranced.
The act of covering up signs of their stay didn’t take too much concentration, but Castiel kept his eyes lowered to the ground, full attention on the task. Anything to ignore the scene five feet from him. Benny didn’t have the tact to drink from Dean out of his sight, but Castiel knew his anxiety would only grow if he couldn’t keep an eye on them.
“I don’t like this.” He kept his eyes fixed on Benny's back, daring him to speak up.
“Still, you can admit you need a break.”
On the bed, Dean opened him up, kissing him through it, and Castiel clung to him, Dean’s wet hair cold against his hands. He tried to forget that this was Dean’s last drive.
Laying across his bed, he stared up at the ceiling and tried to take a nap. He couldn’t sleep. He may not have cared how many days were left until his hometime, but he felt a surge of anxiety every time he thought of how many days Dean had left. They were going to try and meet up again, not tonight, hopefully near Dean's next drop off in Omaha, and he couldn't get rid of the feeling that they were living on borrowed time.
Jack sighed and threw down his crayons dramatically. “I’m hungry.”
“No, man, that’s not it. I do trust you. I just…” He trailed off.
“Maybe the problem is us,” Cas said slowly. He met Dean’s eyes, then they both shook their heads.
Incredible, the amount of trust Dean put into this monster, who had the ability to suck his very life from him. Reckless, but Castiel couldn’t help admire his faith. Dean never ceased to amaze him.
“Well, I gotta admit, Dean,” Benny drawled, straightening, nodding at Castiel. “He's got his strong points, but holy hell, if he ain't a magnet.”
Sensing movement, Castiel lifted his head, blinking rapidly, to see Dean sitting down cross-legged in front of him. “You with us, buddy?” Small smile that contrasted with the worry in his eyes.
Castiel knew Dean was right, knew he was being irrational, getting so upset. He shouldn’t care so much. “Fine,” he said, a little too harshly. “Maybe we’ll get to see each other in another two fucking months.”
While she’d meant them kindly, they only motivated him to stay away. He wouldn’t fail; he wouldn’t slink back home with his tail between his legs. And he hadn’t.
And it’d already lasted longer than Dean ever imagined it would. Made sense that it was ending now. All good things came to an end, after all, or so he’d been telling himself.
Castiel smiled a little at that, ruefully. “Vessels heal much quicker than grace. I’m not the same. I know you know that.”
Crackling radio in Omaha, searching for a station. Cassette-tapes pulled out of a box that he hadn’t rifled through since a time when angels were still a myth, god didn’t exist, and death was always close, but not someone they knew by name. Black Sabbath, Motorhead, Metallica. Then, out of Cas' pocket, his own “Top 13 Zepp Traxxs,” which he was surprised to learn Cas still kept, the words on the label faded.
The widest, most open space Castiel had seen for some time. Hadn’t realized how much his eyes strained until now, gazing out for several yards without trees blocking his view.
Latching onto his voice, it snarled and leapt for him. Blade drawn, Castiel tried to go to Dean’s aid, but another column of black smoke hit the ground, choking him and making his eyes water.
Cas shoved him. “Shut up. You know what I’m trying to say.”
“I’ve been to Hell. This place, while horrible, is nothing compared to that pit.”
, he thought, glancing at Cas again. All the same, he couldn’t ignore the ache in his chest.
Castiel thought. The frown on Dean’s face seeing him and Noah heading out together didn’t make him feel any better.
Slight hitch in Dean’s breathing, then a sigh, muscles relaxing under Castiel’s arm, letting him know Dean was warming.
Unfortunately, that was true. He had stayed away from Dean to keep him safe. Any possible escape for Dean had to be taken into consideration.
“You ran away?”
Dean slept on. Castiel watched him, wondered at his trust to sleep in this place with the simple knowledge Castiel would keep an eye out.
Cas nodded with a yawn. "You don't have to sleep here if you don't want to."
Dean straightened, said, “Come in,” and Cas opened the door, holding a grocery bag.
Jack took another step towards the bird, and Dean tossed one of Sam’s sandals at it. With an indignant squawk, it flew away.
Dean felt similarly overwhelmed and, somewhere along the line, he decided he’d had enough of Zara doing her damndest to impress Cas, touching his arm at any given chance. She had Sam and Jack under her spell too, it seemed, because neither of them were bothered by the ridiculous show she was putting on.
“I’ve made my intentions clear, Dean.”
Cas fished around in the snack bag. “I think we have some carrots left.”
Hariel glanced at Zadkiel, who didn’t hesitate to answer. “No.”
“Yeah, we can try. Where you headed next?”
“You’re late,” he called, reaching his truck.
palms,
He lifted Jack up to kneel on the table, and, gripping his whisk in one fist, Jack began stirring the mix and water together—if jabbing the bowl could be called stirring.
“There’s nothing to say. I’ve never really been in anything serious.” He toed at loose gravel. “Don’t think I’ve ever been in love.”
“You couldn’t have been. You were working—”
“You’re biased.”
Dragging his eyes away, Cas looked out at the water. “I didn’t mean to overwhelm you, but I had to tell you. I wouldn’t’ve been able to live with myself if I let you go without saying it.” He frowned a little, then turned to Dean again. “I’m tired of never saying what we mean. I’m tired of pretending that seeing you a few times a year is enough. I’m tired of never getting to be with you.”
Castiel couldn’t sit anymore and watch, listen. Getting to his feet, he walked away down the bank. Neither Dean nor Benny noticed.
But all his anger seeped away like the warmth in his fingers, holding a cigarette in the cold night air. Instead, all he could think of was four years ago, when he'd realized he loved Dean.
“What there’s to say? You’re quitting, that’s all there is to it." In Dean's mind, he saw how Cas looked, the determined way he was staring out the windshield, his jaw tight. He didn’t expect Cas to add, “Guess it's none of my business anyway. I’m happy for you. Really.”
"Told you," Dean whispered to Cas as they went down the hallway. In their room, he gestured for Cas to sit on the bed as he rummaged through their dresser. “T-shirt and sweatpants,” he said, handing them over.
Oh, so now Jack was in on it too. He smiled, noticing Dean. “Dean! You should try these cookies.” He held up something that looked suspiciously like what the Djinn had been putting on plates in the kitchen.
Castiel narrowed his eyes. “Though you claim you lie for a living, you’re not very good at it. You’re keeping an eye on me.”
“Don’t think about that,” Cas said. “We were right there watching him.”
Dean rolled his eyes and Zara motioned around the room. “As you can see, we’ve brought quite a few things. Would you mind having your attendants show mine to the cookery? We brought food for a feast.”
“She says she and Kaia have almost closed up the case." He set his phone aside. “They’ll be able to visit soon.”
Dean must’ve sensed he’d tested Castiel’s patience enough one day because, huffing, he turned to face him. Castiel gently pulled Dean’s collar aside, grace churning in him, agitated, at the sight of the bite marks. “If there was any other way to escape—”
No monsters for miles, could pause, for a moment.
Cas fell silent again and Dean softened. “Still got some days left. Ain’t over just yet.”
For all the variants in Dean’s life, though, there was one constant: he never got enough sleep. “Let him sleep a little longer.”
“I hope I have suffered enough penance,” Castiel said, studying his tower. “But I have done so much wrong. Dean… He said the past was in the past.”
The weight of the water-sodden fabric sat heavy in his hands. The sky turned black. He sat by the river.
The night that Dean called him, he had said goodnight to Ms. Dowlings and Boots and gone to his room, stayed up late looking at course offerings at a nearby community college. More out of curiosity than anything else; he had no real intention of following through. Did he really want more schooling? Getting his GED had been hard enough, studying in the lulls at the diner where he’d worked when he was eighteen, nineteen. Fuck, he didn’t want to do that work again. One good thing about driving—no dealing with pissy customers who couldn’t leave decent tips to save their lives.
“You’re not doing it right,” Cas grumbled, picking it up off the ground. “You have to give it a chance.”
“No! It’s not finished!”
He grinned when Cas glared at him and stood up. If there was anyone more competitive than him, it was Cas.
What did that even mean? Keep up the on again, off again thing they had? He knew, and he knew Cas knew, that even if they did keep in touch, they’d be seeing a lot less of each other than usual. And they already saw so little of each other.
Arms braced on the bed, Dean started rocking into him, and Castiel lost the ability to speak, to think, for a moment. He gripped Dean's arms, his hips, whatever skin he could reach, feeling too far away from him suddenly, needing Dean pressed against every inch of him.
“Shit,” he muttered aloud, dropping the receipt back into the console. He knew what “moving on” meant: never getting to see Cas on the road again—really, never getting to ever see him again, what with the way he’d acted. Ruined everything.
"Yes.” He breathed in the steam coming from the bowl. “This smells incredible.”
The forest grew dark, quiet. Crunch of leaves as Benny paced, then sat down, fidgeted with his weapon. Dragging a flat stone closer to himself, he began sharpening his blade.
Dropping the channel guide onto the TV, Castiel tried to come up with a response, and Dean continued, “The timing’s right, and I’ve got experience, ya know, I’ve worked there on and off.”
“Yeah,” Dean agreed verbally, jostling his leg under the table. He glanced sideways at Sam, who was giving Dad a glare. Dean gave him a look that meant,
“Right. Talk to,” Dean said, draining the rest of Cas’ beer. “That’s all.”
Sighing, he picked up his pie and beer before he left his room. He was going to need them if he was going to have to watch Zara and Cas interact.
“Good.”
“Shit, Meg, if you wanna ask Cas out, just talk to him. Stop trying to go through me.”
“I’ve been thinking about quitting for a while," Cas said quietly. "And it’s not like I have any home I’m attached to.”
Zadkiel opened his mouth to speak, most likely a snappish remark if the impatience rolling off him was any indicator, but Hariel knew, suddenly, how to get through to the rebellious one. “The Winchesters need you.” Castiel looked up. “Dean needs you.”
So lost in his own thoughts, almost missed the quiet hiss behind them. When the sound registered, however, didn’t need to think twice about drawing his blade.
He glanced behind to see that Dean wasn’t settling down right away, but busying himself kicking aside stones, clearing fallen leaves and twigs. As if he could make a suitable place to sleep in Purgatory.
“He’s nearby,” Hariel said, drawing her wings in tighter to her body. She hated the feeling of claustrophobia that came from being in a vessel, multiplied by this filthy world. Every tree branch seemed to reach out to claw her specifically, ever stone intended to stumble.
Benny grinned, fangs descending. Castiel turned so he didn’t have to watch him bite into Dean’s neck.
“No, it’s not that, it’s just. I don’t want you to upend your life for me.” Cas started to speak, and he cut him off, “Cas, really. I’m not worth it.”
His stomach still clenched in hunger. A cooler sat on the counter, filled to the brim with more blood bags, collected in the night from a hospital miles away. Cold, congealed. Untempting, all of it.
“Not safe,” Castiel managed. A demon had sat by his hospital bedside to protect him. A demon watched over him at night because he could not speak or move. Weak.
How Castiel wished that were true.
“Really, Cas, you’re welcome to visit anytime.” Closer to the truth, he added, “You’re the one I’d want to see most, out of everyone.” Even among the clatter of dishes and hum of conversation, the words sounded too loud and his face heated. Glancing around the diner, he looked for the waitress.
“We got this,” Dean amended, and Cas smiled.
The words worming their way into his head suddenly cut off as Benny appeared above them and slashed the monster’s head off. Castiel rolled aside, letting the twitching body collapse to the ground. Grass and dirt stuck to the ooze coating his hands. He spit, wiping his face with the back of his hand. A few feet away, Dean gave the first fallen Leviathan another few stabs for good measure.
Castiel followed, pushing aside vines and branches in his path. They scratched at his hands and he hissed, yanking his hand away from one thorny vine. A single drop of blood welled to the surface of his palm and he stared at it.
One constant he treasured. The moment after, when Benny would step away and Castiel could erase the traces of his violence. Not the deep melding of his grace with Dean’s soul which he wished he could do. Faint traces of his grace he knew wouldn’t attract too much attention.
“We wanna find this portal, don’t we? Gotta maximize our chances. Vampires need human blood.”
“Completely,” Cas said. “I love you.”
“Really?” Dean asked. “You’re packed?”
“Jumping for joy,” Benny said dryly.
He had looked so unsure when Castiel asked if they would keep in touch. Maybe Castiel was asking for too much. Yes, he and Dean had grown close over the years. But, still, Dean had his own life and Castiel was distanced from it.
“Shit, it’s cold,” Dean complained, though he didn’t stop until the water reached his waist.
“I think you’re still cool,” Cas told him, and Claire fake-gagged, making Jack giggle.
Maybe that was his mistake. Every action, every decision, made for Dean. Maybe he'd keep making the same mistake over and over, maybe he'd never learn. He didn't know how to change; he didn't know who he was or who he wanted to become. He just wanted an easy answer.
Music and laughter bled through the windows, voices almost discernible when the front door swung open to allow patrons to enter or exit the building.
Must’ve been only half-awake because he didn’t protest, just shifted closer to Castiel, his head relaxing on top of Castiel’s thigh, eyes falling shut and breathing steadying out.
“Long time no see.” Meg leaned on the counter next to him. “Hey, I heard this is your last drive?”
“Right, in case.” Dean leaned a hand on the wall, framing him in on one side, and Castiel’s heartbeat kicked into high gear. “We can split the room, save some money.”
“Perfect,” Eileen said, and Sam stabbed the umbrella he was carrying into the sand to mark their spot.
ps: i've got another story coming out soon! my dcbb fic posts on October 29th! if you like angst, pining, and dean and cas struggling to use their words, then this fic is for you. click
“I want.” Dean cleared his throat. “I want to.”
“You’re a vampire,” Castiel spat.
Cas smiled at Dean before twisting around to look at Jack. “We’re proud of you, Jack,” he told him, and Dean nodded.
Dean nodded again, and Cas settled back down. “What about you?” Dean asked, hooking an arm around him, letting his fingers trail over the warm skin of his back. “You gonna keep driving the rest of your life?”
“Don’t look so shocked.” He shifted his weight, leaned back against the counter. “When did you get out? And why are you here, how’d you find me?”
. The first place he feels he can truly call his own—walls he covered in shelves and photo frames, a front door he painted green, a mattress he helped choose. Every item, every space, holds his fingertips.
“Hmm.” There was a smudge of dirt on Cas’ chin that Dean was more than tempted to wipe off. Looking away, he poured more dirt in the containers before he was idiotic enough to try.
, another telling him it wouldn’t matter if he told Cas then or later, back and forth.
Castiel started to say no, he should get back to his truck and get to sleep, but Carmen had her arms hooked around Dean’s neck and Dean’s hands were on her hips. “Sure. Thanks.”
Digging his fingers into the river silt, feeling the grit catch under his fingernails, he remembered tripping and catching himself on his hands, jolt in his wrists. Kneeling on the ground and thinking he might just stop moving.
, and caught a Greyhound. His nerves only increased as the hours passed, but one thought kept him in his seat: that if he didn’t see Cas now, he might never again. And even he wasn’t idiotic enough to risk that.
“Claire, help me,” Jack said, grabbing the bag from Cas as they exited the store. Moving to the side, Claire helped him attach the pins to his overalls. A smiley face, a pride flag, a grinning Stitch, a sunflower, a dinosaur, and the pentagram. The pins clacked as Jack tugged at his overalls, trying to look at them all. Overall, a chaotic look, but it kinda matched his vibe.
“Well, we already did rock bands and you won that too easily.”
“And if Leviathan want to take a shot at us...” Dean shrugged. “Let ‘em. We ganked those bitches once before. We can do it again.”
Dean acknowledged it with a shrug. “Wasn’t close to him. Never let on that we were related. Didn’t want to be known as John’s kid.”
, he wished he could read more into this. But it wasn’t like Castiel was offering to share the bed, just offering the shower. Probably only helping out a fellow driver.
Rage surged in his chest, thinly disguised shame. He kept his expression steeled. Part of him wanted to let them walk off without him. To flee. Farther this time. To hide so well, Dean could never find him. Not that Dean would ever stop searching.
At his words, a woman swept through the door, dressed in a long, dark cloak, her arms and neck also covered in Djinn tattoos.
Cas met his eyes. Dean hoped he looked contrite enough; he regretted everything he’d said plenty. “Please?” he tried.
“It’s no surprise that you would feel that way, Castiel,” she said. “We hardly know each other, after all. I confess, part of my reasoning for journeying here was to see the real you, to learn about you. I’m eager for us to grow closer during our time together.”
“Cas said she was very nice, but that he was in a rush and didn’t realize what was happening until it was too late. I don’t think he thought she would come after him.”
Dean glared at Cas.
“Why’s that my job now?”
Dean dropped his hand. “Ain’t no thing. You good to keep driving?” Castiel nodded and he said, “You gotta jump right back into it, can’t wait. Don’t psych yourself out.”
Apparently, Castiel wasn’t going to let him off that easy. “All it took was half a second to know you wanted to meet me?”
He’d return in a few minutes, doubted anyone would miss him. Dipping his hands into the water helped cool the heat of his skin, but it did little to erase the image from his mind of Dean moving against Benny, the sound of Dean’s soft groan when the vampire slipped a hand inside his pants.
“I had to.”
“Nothing,” Dean said. Cas rolled his eyes, but he smiled a little as he turned back to the sun and shut his eyes.
“It’s nothing, really. Just tired. Ready to be done driving and start working at the shop. I’m good, promise.”
Jack took a deep breath, then smiled. “Okay.” He gave them all one last hug, and Dean couldn’t resist smoothing out his hair and checking the straps on his backpack.
“We wouldn’t miss it,” Dean said, plastering on his own fake smile. “I can’t think of anywhere else I’d rather be.” Cas kicked him under the table.
What he did know: he was not the angel who had pulled Dean from Hell or who met him face to face in an abandoned barn. He’d once been proud of that fact, proud of his rebellion. Now, he wondered how much simpler everything would be if he’d simply stayed in line. At least then he wouldn’t feel so lost.
Understood suddenly Dean’s remark about this place.
And who did Zara think she was? She thought Cas needed a home, that she could give him one. As if they weren’t good enough for him. Well, Dean knew Cas deserved a lot better, but they got along pretty well. Had been through enough shit together, at least.
Picking up a stray pebble, he pushed himself to stand, legs shaking.
“She try to seduce you?”
“Don’t think he sees it that way.” He had tried to say something, bridge the distance, before he and Dean parted ways.
But he didn't want to drive for the rest of his life. It was tiring work, and he'd never planned to do it this long. A link on the website,
“I like them,” Cas told him.
“I can try,” Cas said. He looked uncomfortable, staring at her holding his hand, and Dean remembered sitting across him in a brothel, trying to get him laid on possibly his last night on Earth. Good times. Even after years of being on Earth and talking to women, Cas never lost the deer in the headlights look when one of them showed interest in him. The sight gave Dean a strange satisfaction. Zara had no chance with Cas.
“That’s us,” Dean said. “Mighta heard too that we’re looking for something, an escape route. Some sorta portal. You seen it?”
As a soldier enrolled in Heaven’s charge, his angelic nature had been manipulated, forced into strict molds. Obedience, control, apathy. The ability to restore was not so marvelous as the ability to sway, to control, to maim and kill.
Benny grinned. “Ain’t saying that wouldn’t be like me, but no, I meant it.” Glanced at Dean. “Doesn’t look at me like he does you.”
“I take it he wasn’t like Bobby?”
“Done now?”
“Nothing."
Curling up onto his side, he tried to reassure himself that they'd find a way to see each other soon; they’d figure it out. He hated the uncertainty, though. Hated the way Dean acted like he didn’t care whether they saw each other or not.
Letting out a breath, Benny tossed the rag onto the counter and rubbed at his eyes. “Shit, man. Can’t believe you got out.”
“I wasn’t there when my dad passed,” he tried. Dean looked at him. “And the one thing I still think about is the last time I saw him, when I was seventeen. And I wonder if I should've returned home, if things would be different if I had never left.” He took a deep breath. “But you, you were there for your mom, always. Even if you weren’t there at the very end, you were there for her. You don’t have to beat yourself up about this. She knew you loved her.”
“Nah, if you swing it the way you do, takes more effort to cut through something, like a neck. Gotta put your core into it.”
“This... “ What was this, what had it ever been but a few fucks on a few drives stretched out over too many years? Didn’t matter whether he might’ve ever wished for more or not. It wasn’t much, whatever this was. And maybe that’s how it should stay, had to stay. “No one ever said anything about serious, I never said anything, we never talked about that, because serious isn’t an option. This just happened to happen and now… we’re moving on.” Those last words fell slow and heavy from his tongue, and he felt a little stunned by them, even though he was the one speaking.
“No, ‘course not, that would mean having any sort of style.”
“Hmm.” He closed his eyes as Dean’s fingers worked through his curls.
Dean's boots squeaked on the floor when he shifted his weight. “Mhm?”
When he was young, his mom always said,
“Dean.”
“You must be Dean Winchester,” she said. “Castiel told me about you.” Reaching the bottom of the staircase, she extended her hand palm down, and Dean stared at it. He settled on shaking it, unsure whether she was expecting him to bow or kiss her hand.
“Yes.” Hated his complicity; standing still rather than smiting, silent instead of condemning. But whatever spell Benny had wrought on Dean, it seemed to have worked on him too. Seemed that if he yelled, his voice would make no ripple. Dean had stayed so still when Benny drank from him, and the thought of disturbing this calm seemed detestable, twisted as it was.
“Despicable,” Castiel spat down at Benny, whose nose bled profusely. “You’re despicable.”
Dean grabbed his Big Mac. “Yeah, well, he deserves it.” Before they’d come here today, Sam had repeatedly told them, quote, “
“I know, I know. Not asking you to trust him. Just, keep him intact for now.”
“Right, yeah.” Sniffing, Dean wiped at his eyes again and swore. “Fuck. Sorry.”
Jack didn’t look up, weaving the purple and white yarn together. “Can’t. I have to make one for Charlie too, just remembered.”
“Tell him that.”
Of course he felt something towards him; they’d been hooking up, they’d been friends, for seven years now.
Dean glanced at him, then away, shaking his head, corner of his mouth lifting a little. They didn't speak again, but Dean stayed by his side as they walked, and Castiel was grateful for that much.
“Patience, brother.” Benny started walking and Castiel followed, Dean on his heels.
“How about that game where you name an item for every letter of the alphabet? We can do celestial objects.”
“Anyone hurt?”
Climbing off the bull, he made his way over to where Benny was standing at the bar, shaking his head good-naturedly.
Sam nodded and stepped back for Castiel to enter. “Dean’s talked about you, told us you were coming. Nice to finally meet you.”
Jody pulled Donna in for a kiss that turned into making out. Claire rolled her eyes. “Ew, guys, Gross.” Kaia elbowed her and Claire’s put-on air of displeasure broke into a grin as she elbowed her back. Cas nudged Dean with a small smile when a float of pink, purple, and blue streamers drove past. For a moment, Dean's chest seized, John's voice ringing in his head, but in all the noise around them, it quickly drowned out.
is the vampire, the, the monster—”
Thankfully, Jack seemed none the worse for wear, sniffling only a little as he focused intently on filling his bucket with sand, then dumping it out, then filling it again.
“Don’t say that ‘less you mean it.”
“Not you, Jack,” Cas said. “Every playgroup would be lucky to have you.”
, he’d missed this, being with Cas—he meant it, even if he hadn’t been able to say it last night. Was
Dean ran his finger under the word again. “Brahn-tuh-sore-us.”
Predictably, Cas didn’t let it slide by. “How’d you think I’d react?”
“That’s the point,” Cas said as Jack dumped out his bucket for the umpteenth time. “Doing something not for the results but simply for the act of creation.”
, he decided. Way too similar to the healthy crap Sam was always eating. Cas asked about the plants Zara had in her gardens, and Dean wondered why Cas had never planted a garden here at the bunker. He was always talking about the benefits of spending time in nature since, apparently, they didn’t get enough sunlight living in an underground bunker. Then again, Dean hadn’t ever really taken Cas’ talk about gardens and sustainability seriously. He categorized Cas’ interest in plants and bees as just another example of what a dork he was. A powerful angel of the Lord, but a dork all the same.
“Well. Dean’ll be happy to see you at least.” Didn’t mean the “at least.” Jesus, it was good to see Castiel had gotten out. It haunted him, the memory of his own long nights in that never-ending, gloomy forest. Had sometimes felt his chest might burst. Panic, fear, despair, swallowing him whole. For Castiel to have come so close to escaping, and then to knowingly turn away…
“It isn’t the same.” Cas sat up, rubbing a hand through his hair. “You know it isn’t the same.”
“Sure glad you don’t sleep,” Benny told Castiel, settling down on a fallen log. For that, Castiel wished he did sleep so he could force Benny to take watch. “Won’t argue about getting some more shut-eye.”
“Screw it," Dean said, and propped himself up on an elbow to kiss him. Then he shifted, turning over and pulling Cas’ arm to wrap around him. Even if the bastard
Rather than answer directly, Castiel deflected, “You don’t want me to.”
Giving him a sly smile, Cas tucked himself against the opposite door to shield his drawing from him. “Just going for accuracy,”
“Calling what off? There isn’t anything to call off! Thought we agreed there’s no chance of anything else happening.”
“Hola,” Benny said. He stood off to the side, expression surly. Castiel instantly distrusted him. What type of being could Dean have possibly found to accompany him?
Movement made him turn his head slightly to see Dean settle down next to him. He tumbled the rock in between his palms. Harsh lines, grooves.
Dean almost said no, but, shit, a warm shower would feel good, and this guy looked friendly enough. Not to mention Dean wasn’t so opposed to getting more acquainted. “Yeah, sure. Thanks.”
“I’m fine.” He pushed past him. “Let’s keep going. There’s a kitsune half a mile from us.”
“When are you officially taking over?”
He waved down the waitress for another drink, and Dean glared at Sam, who absently thumbed through the journal pages. Returning to his own work, he snapped one newspaper closed and opened another, skimmed an article about the victim’s family. The words didn’t really make sense in his head, though, and too soon he found himself watching the people in the street again. The boy who’d smiled at him had disappeared, though, probably watching the parade.
“Guess I ain’t used to putting my guard down.” Benny gave Castiel a careful look. “Still not so sure I should.”
Castiel grabbed his arm, stopping him. “Dean, he’s right. I shouldn’t be here.”
“Hmm,” Meg said, like she wasn’t convinced. But she pulled her keys out of her pocket and started heading to her truck. “I’ll admit it, I’m gonna miss you,” she called. “Who else am I gonna team up with to play pool?”
Cas looked marginally better when he woke up from his nap. If marginally better meant pillow hair and pillow lines on his cheek. Well-rested, at least. He swallowed down the cold medicine Sam had brought home, complaining that he could taste enough to know the flavor was not, quote, "similar to anything occurring organically in nature."
“One second,” Cas said, eyebrows drawn up in concentration. After a few careful lines, he said, “Okay.” He clutched his drawing to his chest. “On the count of three.”
Sam tried for a smile. “Thanks.”
“Okay, okay.” Dean raised his can in a toast. “You and me, Cas. Till we die.”
"Um. Well.” He choked down the rest of the bite and set the pretzel back on the plate. “These are, uh..."
The thought sobered him. Perhaps he was only jealous. Dean had once trusted him until he ruined everything, and now Dean’s trust lay in a vampire.
He returned with a six-pack of beer and the small slow cooker he kept stored in the sleeper. As he set the beer on the small table in the corner, which creaked under the weight, Castiel emerged from the bathroom, his hair even darker from a shower, a t-shirt and sweatpants on, his feet bare.
Nodding, Cas stood and offered his hand. Dean knocked it aside. “I’m not fucking old.” Pushing himself to his feet, he winced at the twinge in his back and, seeing Cas bite back a smile, told him, “Shuddup.”
Castiel thought, failing to suppress a frown as Benny elbowed Dean. “Didn’t tell me your buddy had all these fun tricks up his sleeve.”
“Just wanted to get away from our million visitors. I’m fine.”
"Listen,” he started. “I just wanna let you know that being human isn’t all bad. I swear it won’t be miserable forever. I know you've been introduced to the bad shit first, but—"
Worse than any of the monsters, worse than the Leviathan. The one who allowed them to escape. Twisting his fingers together, Castiel forced his feet to move, keep up. His shame was such that anyone could see, solely by looking at him; his sins written on him as clear as the mud streaking his clothing and skin.
“Maybe it’s not here,” Castiel spoke up. Habit, to doubt. “Maybe there is no escape hatch at all. It might all be a lie.” Selfish desire. No escape, no choice to stay behind.
, Cas really was gonna push the issue, wasn’t he? Despite his best efforts not to, Dean was starting to get annoyed.
“Want me to do yours?” Claire asked, and Dean snapped his attention back to her. She was holding a bottle of nail polish, others lined up next to her on the table, and he froze, realizing what she was suggesting.
He might understand what Cas meant, but that didn’t mean he agreed. He’d learned to be content with what they had, was trying to accept that it was now coming to a close. Why couldn’t Cas make it easy on the both of them and accept it too?
“What are you doing lazing around here, then?”
Cas lifted his head and stared at him, looking similarly stunned. “Pretty easy for you to move on, isn’t it?”
And he should stop thinking too much because Dean was kneeling between his thighs and Dean’s hands were on his hips, and Dean’s mouth was on his cock, and
Cas looked up and shut the book he was reading. “Oh.”
“Ain’t doing nothing to me,” Dean interrupted. “He’s good people, even if he is a vamp.”
“No!” Jack said, his face turning red. “Not potatoes. Jack!”
“I am an angel in a land of abominations,” he tried to explain. “There have been things hunting me from the moment we arrived.”
“Tired. Like usual.” Shifting, crossing his legs at the ankle, Dean let his head rest back against the tree. “Just tired.”
The rig was passing him, and he looked to his left at the driver. And he would swear he didn’t remember the moment this vividly—and maybe his mind had filled in extra details over the years—but he remembered the way Cas (just another nameless driver at that moment) looked over at him. And maybe it was a trick of sunlight on Cas’ face, but something tugged in Dean’s chest.
“Hey, you eat yet?” he asked, turning back to him. Castiel shook his head. “I’ve got food in my truck, you want some?”
Benny was watching him curiously and rather than elaborate, Castiel crossed his arms. “I was making up for my earlier transgressions. Something I doubt you could understand.”
“Yeah, and how? Don’t know if you noticed, but it ain’t easy to find your way in this place. Need Benny to lead the way.”
Castiel glared at the water. “Leviathan are different. They’re hidden from me.” He glanced at Dean, who listened with a pained expression on his face.
“Dean, wait!” he called, reaching out and grabbing his arm.
Before he got there, though, as Dean and Benny turned, their gazes fell past him, and Dean raised his weapon. Castiel spun around to see a slinking shape emerging from the trees. He turned back to Dean and caught sight of two more appearing, suddenly, from the brambles to surround them.
After starting a load of laundry and raiding the medicine cabinets in the bathroom and cabinets in the kitchen, he returned to the room to find Cas sitting cross-legged under the covers of the bed, remote in his hands.
His voice cracked and, brusquely, he turned away, stormed off.
“Which one do you want to try first?” Cas asked Jack, who took a moment to study the pretzels before pointing to the purple and pink one—or what was once those colors but had now taken on a more bloody appearance.
Stroked himself slowly, suddenly feeling too exposed as Dean watched, wondered if Dean had felt this way under his gaze.
“I know it will,” Bobby said. “I’m proud of ya. You and Sammy both. And you better not run my shop bankrupt. You and Sam are gonna be the ones paying to send me on cruises when I retire.”
It felt like a betrayal to think so, though. He’d seen the way Cas visibly worked up the courage to tell him. Of course, even if Cas really had meant what he said, there was no way he felt the same now. Dean's stomach twisted in guilt at the way he’d shot Cas down, insulted him.
Another creature slipping through the trees, gait too smooth to be natural. Branch-like limbs, slick flesh dripping with black ooze. Gleeful.
Dad snorted, and Dean glanced up at him. Arms crossed, leaning back in his chair, he watched the proceedings with a scowl on his face. Dean studied the newspapers more intently, underlining words just to look like he was doing something productive. Part of him wanted to go down to the parade, just to see what it was all about, but that was ridiculous. Only affirmed by a derogatory comment Dad made low under his breath about the people in the street.
ty so much for joining me on this little journey! i had a lot of fun writing this story and posting it, especially since it was a bit different than what i normally write.
“I don’t think that was a real apology,” Cas said.
Dean waved a hand at him. “Hold on, hold on. Cas, we're getting out of here. We're going home.”
“Fuck,” Benny said when Dean paused for breath. “Encountered my fair share of hunters in my day, but, gotta say, never thought much of them. Guess there’s a purpose to y’all after all.”
“Oh. You two are close then.” Bobby had called Dean his boy, had talked about taking Dean on drives when he was young, had told him about Dean graduating high school and immediately getting a job as a driver to send Sam to college.
Holding the drawing up, he couldn’t help smiling at it. It was Cas, alright. Down to the blue eyes, half smile, and sensible shoes.
Zadkiel’s expression settled into harsh lines, a repressed grimace, when he gingerly touched Castiel’s shoulder. Hariel forced herself to grip his other shoulder. Castiel didn’t seem to notice their strained expressions, or maybe he just hid his shame well.
Or would Purgatory’s harsh savagery slowly infect him? Would his grace weaken and hide, deeper and deeper inside, until it lay dormant, dulled by the oppressive evil that permeated every blade of grass, tree stump, and stone and soon his own skin?
A second, then Dean nodded once. “I’m good.” Straightening with effort, he looked to the portal. “Let's go.”
“I know,” he said, “but I ain’t good for that.”
“Is that why you called out, of the blue, that one night? Were you going to tell me then?”
Dean waded to him and Benny splashed water onto his back, grabbed a handful of the gritty sand and rubbed the dirt and blood off.
“I mean… yeah.” God, he was embarrassing himself. “Just, I’d never seen you before. Was just curious. I like knowing who I’m driving next to.”
“I knew to never trust you—”
“Don’t worry about it.” Though done tying the handkerchief, he held onto Castiel’s hand. Castiel didn’t know whether as comfort or to ensure he stayed put. His grace had slowed its frantic writhing. He wouldn’t leave, not now.
Dean shrugged. “Just how it was.”
“That’s not true.” Dean gave him a look. “Is it?”
“Dean,” he warned, or wanted to, but his words stuck in his throat at the bottomless, inky eyes staring back at him.
, he had it bad; it shouldn’t hurt this bad.
“Then let us free you from this place,” Zadkiel urged. “Naomi, she will help you. You will think clearly again, you will act once again as is befitting to a seraph.”
“Yeah, well, guess this is the perfect introduction." How the hell did Cas manage to still look so adorable slumped against the kitchen counter, clothes wrinkled and nose red? “Welcome to humanity, you have a cold. Here, stop that.” He couldn't watch Cas wipe his nose on his sleeve again. They didn’t have tissues in the kitchen, but he grabbed a napkin and handed it to him. Dutifully, Cas took it and blew his nose. “What you need is to get in some comfier clothes, lay down, and get some sleep.”
“You’re bleeding,” Cas said, unhelpfully.
you get here?”
“Easily one of the top ten most eventful days, for sure.”
Could he truly hear their voices or were the slithering syllables only memories seared into his grace?
Jack clapped his hands. “Yes!”
Cas elbowed him. “You can pick out any snack you want when we find a place to stop,” he told Jack. A dangerous idea, but they might not even make it there. Their drawings would soon be outdated when they turned old and grey in their seats.
“Nothing, just wanted to keep you company.”
Dean and Bobby were sitting on the back porch with a woman Castiel assumed was Eileen. A young child stood between Dean’s legs, kicking his feet out in mock steps, fists wrapped around Dean’s fingers. He looked up at the squeak of the screen door when Castiel and Sam stepped outside.
“This is fun,” Sam commented, watching the parade, and Dean wished he could agree.
It wasn’t fair that Benny could have Dean’s trust like this—but Castiel had failed Dean too many times. Didn’t deserve the bond he still felt tying himself intrinsically to him.
Cas narrowed his eyes at him. “It’s not weird. Plenty of drivers do. Just trying to make it look more homey.”
Leviathan.
Shoved to the ground instead, the jolt knocking his blade from his hand. He looked up to see Dean rushing the Leviathan; one fell swoop and his blade hacked into the monster’s throat. Another and the head severed from the body, flew to the ground.
No, he decided, watching Benny pause to study their surroundings, peacoat stained dark with dirt and blood. Because Benny was a vampire and Castiel was an angel whose mission once was to rescue the Righteous Man from the pit of Hell. If he had taken this mission further (much to the chagrin of Heaven) and made it his duty to protect Dean Winchester on Earth, it was only because it was in his nature to care. And he did care, deeply, still. Simply because they now walked through Purgatory where all Heavenly and Earthly rules crumbled did not mean his duty had changed. If anything, he held to his role even more steadfastly; he could do better this time, he could win Dean’s trust again.
“You like it?”
“Good, cher, thanks.” Benny pat him on the chest, then, in a move which shocked Castiel, kissed him on the cheek before letting go of him.
“I ain’t saying nothing,” Bobby protested, though he was still smiling. Dean shut the hood of the car and he spoke up, “Don’t be taking a long lunch break now.”
“Don’t you dare go anywhere,” Dean threatened as if he could see Castiel’s wings stretching out, a frantic desire to flee. “You hear me? You stay right here. You’re safe.”
Dean kept apologizing for bothering him, and Castiel kept repeating that it was alright, was there anything he could do? Dean said he was on the road, couldn’t get home for a few days still, was trying to get his route changed, and Castiel was pretty sure he was crying on the other end, though he was trying to hide it, kept clearing his throat and swearing under his breath.
One more night together. Six days until he quit. And then... he didn't know what would happen to them then. He'd never had to wonder before.
Fire in Castiel’s belly. He rocked up into his hand. Watched Dean’s fingers curl into the dirt. Pushed his waistband down further to fully expose himself, panted as he stroked himself, heard Dean stifle a groan. Cold night air, heat in Dean’s eyes. Tightened his fist, faster strokes. Chasing his own pleasure, chasing Dean’s. Dean’s eyes fixed on his hand, lips parted, every minute reaction making Castiel’s gut tighten.
“Unfortunately, I believe that’s the point,” Cas said, sitting down and giving Jack his Happy Meal. “We don’t have the best track record with these sort of things.”
Dean glanced at Cas, then back at his cigarette and shrugged. “More or less.” Taking a long drag, he held it out and Cas took it.
The air in Purgatory was changing. Becoming sharper, almost. Chilly. On Earth, snowflakes might drift from the sky, frost might crown the grass and leaves in the morning. Here, though, the only change in the natural state was in the temperature.
“Then it doesn’t have to! Dean, I told you, it’s a choice. And,” he waved his hand, “so what if years down the line, this does end? I’m not asking for forever. We won’t live forever. I’m just asking for you and me. That’s all. However long we last. But I don’t want you sabotaging anything before it starts.”
Cas nodded and leaned on the cab next to him. “Gotta be at the loading dock at six in the morning. Headed to Wisconsin next.”
“I’ll pay you back,” he tried with his last vestiges of patience, but Noah waved him off.
Castiel stood off to the side, turning the river stone in his pocket. Benny and Dean inhabited each other’s space easily. Must have been traveling together for quite some time.
Not soon enough. Several minutes passed, or longer. An elbow in his side. The trees groaned. They huddled closer. The vampire was standing too close, but Castiel would allow it because they had nowhere else to go.
He learned Cas liked brightly colored shirts labeled with the names of locations they visited, oversized because tight sleeves made him itch. He learned that the strangely named items on diner menus had backstories that owners behind counters were all too eager to share when Cas prompted them. He learned Cas hovered in doorways as if he was waiting to be invited inside, learned Cas knew every upbeat song playing over the radio in gas stations, had nightmares too, could stay silent for seventy miles then speak a thought aloud that left Dean stunned for seventy more.
“Sorry, sorry,” Dean said, holding up his hands. A bell rang and a teacher opened the door to the school. “Think it’s time to go.”
He loved and loved and he didn’t ask for any back. He was weak enough to love, not to ask for it.
Sam cleared his throat and the bodyguard standing behind Zara’s chair glowered at Dean. Dean glared back.
“You guys don’t have to be in here,” she told them.
Cas shot Denise and Tommy another look, Jack copying it over his shoulder, and Dean let the door slam shut behind them.
“What’s goin’ on with your grace? Thought you could clean up without water and shit, just snap your fingers.”
He set Cas in a sunny field with a fluffy cloud sky. Without yellow, the sun had to be green, but he thought the purple trenchcoat and blue tie he drew for Cas turned out pretty good. Add a few flowers, maybe a tree—fuck, that didn’t turn out so good. The important part was Cas, though. For good measure, he added some wings colored with every crayon in the box and an angel blade that he couldn’t get to look sharp enough with the blunt silver crayon, but gave the general idea.
He had learned the hard way that Heaven did not take kindly to such angels. For years had grieved the loss of his Heavenly home, his angelic siblings.
he thought,
“I fail to see the ‘awesome’ in the vampire aspect,” Castiel spoke up. Fourth stone wobbled, then stilled on the small tower.
By the time Castiel broke away to turn off the light, Dean was half-hard, and in the dark he lost no time in letting his hands roam, Castiel returning the favor, hastily kissing each other, finding each other’s mouths in the dark, the sheets whispering against their movements.
Now was the perfect opportunity to tell Cas… but he kept silent. He’d tell him soon. Maybe not tonight.
“See you around.”
“He protect you!” Jack said, jabbing Dean’s chest as if it was obvious.
Killing the damn thing hadn’t been too easy. But after inadvertently destroying a few gravestones, nearly falling into an open grave, and narrowly avoiding losing a few limbs, they finally bashed the ghoul’s brains in thoroughly, and split up from the cemetery. Dean went to speak to the latest victim’s mother while Cas and Sam got rid of the remains.
The angel’s form flickered, as if a sheen of light passed over him, though he was standing in shadow. “I want to say.” He straightened his shoulders, fixing Benny with a solemn look. That look, Benny recognized. Always so serious, this angel. “Thank you.”
, the ending of which had reduced Cas to tears for the rest of the night;
“Maybe something smaller. In a cage. Like a guinea pig.”
“It doesn’t matter,” Dean said quickly. “He can do whatever he wants.”
“Those Djinn were not part of my kingdom,” Zara said solemnly. “Our most sacred law is to never bring anyone harm. If I had found those Djinn you speak of, they would’ve been brought to a swift justice.” She glanced at Cas. “I’ve already gained the trust of Castiel, I'd hoped I had your trust as well.”
“You’re alright?” Anna asked after several drawn out seconds of silence. “You’re doing okay?”
“Something better came up.” He threw the empty sugar packet into the trash. “Bobby’s retiring, so I’m taking over the shop.”
“It’s not me you gotta be worried about.” He nodded at Jack.
Cas answered quietly, "You said there isn't anyone else."
Cas sprinkled flour on the table so they could roll out the dough, but before he could even close the bag, Jack smacked his hand down on the table, sending a cloud of flour into the air.
“Oh, um,” Cas glanced down at it. “I thought you might want this.”
“Fine,” Dean muttered, gripping the steering wheel as he pulled out of the parking lot. “I always knew Denise was shifty. You saw the way she was trying to spin the story, making it out like it wasn’t her kid’s fault? Fucking asshole.”
“Was the Army Surplus store too trendy for you?”
Sam and Eileen came back from their walk, and the shadow of their umbrella grew longer over the sand. Families started packing up around them, the waves growing louder in their wake. Jack waved goodbye to the girl he’d been playing with earlier.
So quick to defend Benny. Though Dean’s anger turned against him made him want to cower, he rallied himself. “I merely want to make our differences clear. It would do well to not forget we’re traveling with a monster.”
“Yes,” Cas said, taking the empty container of chicken nuggets from Jack. “I thought it wise considering our track record. It’s a smaller group than this one was—Here, Jack, you want my ice cream?”
"Great.” He glanced at the time on the clock and realized it was later than he’d expected. “You probably wanna get some rest.”
‘Course he had to pick an asshole to play against. "Whaddya say we pick this up in the morning? Kinda late, kinda just wanna hit the hay in peace.”
Sam was everyone’s favorite. Wasn’t his fault Sam was better at feigning interest in grocery lists and laundry piles. Parenting was hard enough without getting subjected to the unique torture of playgroup small talk.
“No!” Twisting in Dean’s lap, Jack started to complain, then his brow furrowed as he stared at Dean’s t-shirt. Dean looked down, expecting to see a spaghetti sauce stain or something, but his shirt was clean.
“Somewhere near LA.” Shifting closer, he draped an arm over Dean’s stomach and Dean rolled over onto his side, pulling Castiel’s arm tighter around him so Castiel’s chest was flush against his back.
He waited to confront Benny until Dean’s breathing steadied out—the mere fact Dean could sleep around a vampire....
Claire looked over to see Dean shying away from a few emo teens. “Look like it,” he muttered, joining them. Jack lifted up his hands, asking to be hoisted up. Dean set him on his hip and Jack showed him the pins he’d selected. He held a dinosaur pin to Dean’s collar.
Jack considered that for a moment before announcing, “I want one. And this one.” He pointed to the mothman pin on her lapel, then the big-eyed, green alien. “And this one... and this one, and this one.” (Alex said she had more pins than leather on her jacket, but sue her, she liked making her clothing her own).
“What?” Dean’s hands paused on him. “You got relatives?”
Castiel pushed Dean’s hair from his forehead. “Did you really think there was… more between Dean and I? Or were you only saying that to try and rile me?”
Corn flakes went flying and Dean dodged one shooting towards his eye. Oblivious, Jack continued crushing the cereal with the flat of his hand, a gleeful smile on his face.
“He’s not that bad, man.” Castiel fixed Dean with a look. “Okay, yeah. He’s a bloodsucker, but he’s helping us, ain’t he? Guy can swing a blade.”
Turning back around, Castiel studied the shadowy interior of the opposite bank. A struggle for his grace to strengthen his eyesight, to pierce through the thick tangle of trees and brush which blended together in the dusk. He mustn’t let Dean and Benny know this, the way his grace was failing him. He was still strong enough to care for Dean, to bring him to their destination. That much he could do.
“I don't think you can.” Blunt. “Don’t know how this portal reacts to angels.”
, Cas was going to make this hard for him. But he probably deserved it. “I just… I don’t know,” he continued, following Cas’ gaze to their shadows. “All these years, we had our thing and that was it, and it was enough. Or, I thought it was. Didn’t ever think to ask for more. Didn’t think that was an option.”
Castiel raised an eyebrow, watching the water jump and slip between the banks. He wasn’t sure there was any way to tell for sure.
“Know people who’ve tried. One guy, a shapeshifter, he tried, kept pushing closer. But thing shot him back out. Not before burning him.” He gestured to his own face. “Got scarring, all down his face and side. Closed up one of his eyes. Gruesome. Few instances like that and we figured the portal’s only meant for humans.”
He took another drag from his cigarette as a truck pulled into the motel lot, engine rumbling. The brakes hissed as it parked, engine clicking as it shut off, then a door slammed and Castiel glanced over to see someone walking to the motel office.
Caliginous sky—a deepening shade so slight and slow, it took a careful eye to ascertain. When the ground grew too obscure to walk carefully, they stopped for the night.
"Uhh." Dean stared at the box of corn flakes Jack carried over to the table, nearly as big as his torso. He couldn't figure out which items were Cas’ choice and which were Jack's suggestions. "Not really sure all this goes together."
“Get over here.”
“Unfortunately, I think John lost touch with reality long before he spoke those words,“ Castiel said before he processed the statement. He froze a little, waiting for Dean’s usual reaction to slights against his father.
Benny snorted, glancing back at Castiel as he followed Dean up the hill. “Sure got that angel on a leash, don’t you?”
"You're welcome."
The voices picked up, eyes turning to him.
“Dude, it’s not that hard.” He sat down on the arm of the chair, more to hide his red face than anything. “Jack’s look way better.”
“Dean.”
“You too.” Cas wondered if that were true, that Dean talked about him. “I’m, um, I’m so sorry for your loss.”
Dean glanced at him. “Keep watch.” Too eagerly, Benny wrapped a hand around Dean’s neck, fangs lowering. A wince flashed across Dean’s face as Benny’s teeth sunk into his skin.
Dean rolled his shoulders. “Thanks.”
“I would kiss you," Cas said, smiling, "but I don’t want to get you sick.”
It’d been a joke, but he thought he might have meant it. It was reckless, the feeling in his chest, because him and Cas weren’t anything much at all.
“Fucking ridiculous,” he muttered under his breath, rolling out the pie dough.
He never could follow the rules.
"Yeah, but you had to adjust to living without your grace, and eating food, and getting sick..."
A crowd of middle-aged people walked in the parade, t-shirts reading variations of MOM HUGS, DAD HUGS, GRANDPA HUGS. Dean watched as people stepped off the sidewalk and hugged the moms and dads, some crying as soon as arms wrapped around them.
been wanting.
“I was only joking, but now you got me concerned.” He could hear the curiosity in Bobby’s voice. “What’s wrong, what’s on your mind?”
“For a moment...” Dean huffed a laugh. “Kinda worried we wouldn’t make it. But Benny was a maniac, dude, you shoulda seen him. Cleared away those fuckers like nothing. I mean, we were pretty beat up by the end of it, so I guess that’s when I offered. Thought I should help him out.”
“If you can wait five minutes, we can get a room.”
Only buying themselves limited time. The creatures were gaining.
Dean kept hold of him and Castiel fought for control. The farther they walked from the beheaded bodies, the less the presence and scent of the Leviathan weighed on him, and the air grew clearer. Gradually, he began to regain composure. Blinked and saw Benny leading the way. Stumbled and realized his vessel was breathing raggedly. Heart pounding, blood rushing in his ears. Legs shaking. A spot of black ooze on his shirt. Littering his clothes, all their clothes. His stomach clenched and he swallowed hard, forcing the heaving sensation down.
“Thanks,” Cas told him.
When the air grew too cold for even him to ignore, whisking away his thoughts, Castiel rose from the riverside—aching joints, sore muscles—and searched out Dean and Benny, resting among the trees.
The stench was nearly overpowering, but he willed himself to lunge forward and slash his blade through the smoke. He connected with the black ooze rising from the ground, but when he slashed again, a hand formed and grabbed his wrist. The writhing black substance split into a sneer at the same time as he felt his arm twist, making him lose his balance.
“Think it is." Dean glanced to his left where a car was trying to pass him, suddenly disappearing into his blind spot. "Kinda surprised you're still putting up with me after all these years.”
“I’ll keep watch,” he spoke up. The nearby forest, at least, was clear of threats.
“You’re not going anywhere?”
“Hey.” He ducked his head to catch Cas’ eyes. Lifting his head, Cas looked at him, gaze serious, somber. Dean forced a grin. “Good while it lasted, huh?”
But he was loved anyway.
Wondered if he might still need to steel himself for that possibility. “It’s called Purgatory for a reason. It’s my penance.”
"Charlie!" Jack added from the backseat.
Dean snorted. “Bobby’ll kill me if I up and ditch his shop.”
“You telling me you ain’t been thinkin’ about it?” Teasingly rubbed his thumb over his crotch.
Castiel’s face was smeared in lines of black ooze—Leviathan, Hariel realized, recognizing the stench from the creatures that had hounded them ever since they arrived in Purgatory.
Cas, who was sleeping quiet right beside him. Turning his head on the pillow, Dean looked at him, his dark hair curling around one ear, the steady shift of the blankets over his shoulder, and felt not a little guilty for how, four days before, when Cas texted him and said he was headed to California,
Another quiet night.
A last resort, then. Extending his hand, he allowed his grace to pool in his palm. Black ooze dripped from the corners of the Leviathan’s stretching grin and before Castiel could make contact with its skin, its tongue shot forward to wrap around Castiel’s wrist, crushing the bones.
Jack jumped as a wave traveled up to his feet, sending water splashing. Dean had only been to the beach a handful of times in his lifetime, and all those times had been with Sam when they were younger and would dare each other to plunge into the freezing water, or would bury each other in the sand. Their dad hated hated the mess sand made, so they never stayed for long, and hated crowds, so they never went to any public beaches like this where you had to pay for a tag to get in and your blanket was two feet from someone else’s.
Dean was having a crappy Tuesday. And he’d had plenty of experience with bad Tuesdays.
“And Jack,” Dean agreed.
“I got everything I need,” he told Dean, holding up his bags and boxes.
“Yeah.”
“Dean—”
Castiel let his eyes travel over Dean, the grime and scratches marking his face, his arms crossed tight around himself. “I… It’s one of the things I admire about Dean. He sees the best in people. Saw the best in me, even when I gave him every reason not to.”
“Alright, I’ll be quiet,” Benny said good-naturedly. “Cas ain’t a great conversationalist anyway.”
Next time?
Screaming and clawing for release, filling his mind with an unending cacophony.
Jack beamed up at him. “I’m lucky too.”
The ridge wasn’t too steep, but the rocks were loose and they skittered to the forest floor below, making every step uncertain. Even so, Dean kept up a frantic pace, and Castiel felt his resolve wane with every second.
Cas looked back at Jack, then took a deep breath. “You’re right.” The bell rang and Jack slowed his swing, jumped off, and joined the kids headed inside.
Scowling, Dean drank from the goblet in front of him. Some kind of concoction he wasn’t sure he liked or not. Zara sure was laying it on thick. When she mentioned royal gardens, Dean saw the moment interest flared in Cas’ eyes.
“I mean, I have the hours. But figured it’d be easier to stay here overnight.”
Castiel stared out at the night, face heated, crossed his arms tighter around his knees.
“You’re using it,” Cas whispered excitedly, standing in the doorway. “Are you relaxed?”
“Fuck.” Dean grimaced, folding at the waist and gripping his arm.
Cas took a paper with a gleam in his eyes. “What does the winner get?”
He’d never pictured himself having anything serious with a guy—not that he would call this infrequent thing with Cas serious. Though they’d sure known each other a long time. He felt a little dizzy thinking about it. When had it happened—when had he started wanting Cas, and only Cas?
Ducking his head, he picked at his thumbnail, working up his courage. “I know you said you don’t expect me to feel the same way, to love you. But I think… I think I might. Love you.” His heart beat faster to admit it, even in such a faltering way. “Think I have for a while.”
The cigarette crackled thinly as Cas inhaled. Dean watched a plastic bag tumble over itself and get tangled in the shopping cart’s wheels. The parking lot lights made odd shadows out of the whole affair.
trust Castiel to not leave him again. Still, his absence made Castiel feel suddenly empty. Tearing his eyes away from Dean sitting next to the vampire, tossing aside stones to clear a spot to lie down, he studied the forest again.
“Fine, have it your way. But you’re not going anywhere, you hear? Don’t fly off now.”
Unwittingly, he thought of the way Zara looked at Cas, spoke to him, touched him, and he gripped the shovel tighter in his hand. Okay. Fine. Maybe Sam was sorta right. Maybe he was a little jealous. It didn’t mean anything though.
Morning had turned into day into late afternoon before he stopped to fuel up and take a leak. The glare of the sun was making him sleepy, so he went inside the gas station, made his way to the coffee machines.
He hoped he wasn’t overstaying his welcome, but Castiel didn’t seem annoyed. Setting his bowl down on the floor when he finished, he pulled on a sweatshirt from his bag—
Dean had talked about quitting plenty over the years, and even though it’d been hypothetical, idle talk, Castiel’s heart had always thudded in his chest. It had scared him, the thought that one day he might not have this. In a life without many constants, there was one person he could always count on to be around: Dean. No matter how long they were apart, their paths would always cross again.
Cas added quickly, “It’s alright if there is, I only wondered because I won’t visit. If there is. I understand.” He trailed off.
“Heard right.” He gave her a grin though a sudden worry struck him that Cas might’ve heard the news today from another driver.
Benny nodded. “Good man. Hard to find.”
“Thanks.”
When the bus crossed into North Dakota, his phone vibrated and he looked down to see Cas had texted him where he was staying:
Dean tilted his head back, eyes falling shut. Jaw clenched, as if he was trying to be quiet; Castiel wanted to swallow the sounds from his mouth. Didn’t realize his fingers were gripping his sleeves until he forced himself to look away.
Wasn’t that the truth?—no matter how he mourned the loss of fellowship in Heaven, he would never return willingly. Once he took a step away, made a decision outside of their directives, all changed. He changed. Had no desire to return to the way things were before.
Those closest to him knew he hooked up with guys as much as women, but he’d never come out or anything like Cas had. Just started messing around in high school, let whatever happened happen. Then he met Lisa and she was it for a while. Once they got divorced, he started exploring again, then there was Cas.
Slowly, Dean lowered his weapon to the ground, then started pulling off his clothes. He wrinkled his nose, pulling off his jacket and shirt. “This was new,” he said mournfully, dropping the jacket to the ground.
“Shit—he had his lunchbox, right?” he asked, hand pausing on the Impala’s driver's door. “And his pencil case, and—”
Castiel smoothed rough sand into a flat surface and placed his stone in the middle. Searched for three others and arranged them into a square shape.
“Keep back,” Dean warned, putting out his hand to hold Castiel back, stepping in between him and the Leviathan.
“I didn’t think I was gonna see you again,” Cas said when they’d walked for several minutes, footsteps crunching on the gravel path, Dean trying to form his thoughts into words that wouldn’t make things worse.
“Goddammit,” Benny swore. “Swear I never dealt with this many monsters in a day. Swarming us.”
Might save their sanity, at least. So far, they had cycled through staticky radio stations, played twenty questions three times over, eaten two cans of Pringles, argued about potential detours, and listened to several renditions of “Born This Way” sung at increasingly piercing high volume courtesy of the six year old in the backseat.
Dean winced as a kid shrieked from across the room. “We need to take a photo of you next to ol’ Ronald to show Sam.”
And so, he had fought to rescue Sam, but the cage was harder to breach than even he could manage, and well, one mistake led to a lie, led to a series of deceitful actions, led to here.
“Not worried, just making sure you ain’t gonna hurl all over my shoes.”
His mom said angels watched over him—he didn’t know they could love him too. He didn’t expect it and when given it, didn’t know what to do with it, overwhelmed by it.
In hindsight, it made sense that in a life where nothing ever went to plan, an attempt at a relaxing Winchester beach vacation turned into an adventure called
Dark of night, growing profound. Castiel sat with his legs drawn up to his chest, chin resting on his knees, scattered remnants of a stone tower at his feet. A few feet away, Dean kissing Benny, his fingers in Benny’s hair, Benny’s hand cupping his jaw. As if their lives depended on it. Maybe they sensed too how everything would change when they reached the portal.
“You know and you didn't—” Dean cut himself off and stared at him. “What the hell's wrong with you?”
“You and me, pal,” Dean said. “But guess what, ain’t got any other options.”
She said, call me, and his finger hovered over Cas’ name instead.
“I believe that’s an accurate assessment,” Castiel managed. His grace beat frantically in his chest but did nothing to heal his injury. He gripped his arm tighter, willing his grace to obey, to calm.
“Dean,” Cas said, and Dean braced himself for the
is supposed to help?"
Dean ran his finger under the sentences as he read, slowly so Jack could try to follow along. “The Brontosaurus lived during the Late Jurassic Period, from about 156 to 145 million years ago—”
He grunted as he slammed into the ground, instinctually throwing out his arms as the Leviathan pounced on him, sneer unhinging into a cavernous, toothed orifice.
“Route 66, that’s where you gotta head.”
The weight on top of him suddenly disappeared and he stared at the open sky rather than a gaping maw. A scuffle, a slash, a screech, then silence.
Benny didn’t even give Castiel a courtesy of a look as, pulling away from Dean, he wiped blood from his mouth with the back of his hand. Castiel shoved past him and grabbed Dean’s shoulders.
." Always was a polite bastard. “He’s gotta have more faith in us. What are we, amateurs?”
The garden stretches around the one-story bungalow he and Dean bought last year, finally moving out of the cold, sterile bunker. When they moved in, the porch and front yard had been bare except for a towering oak tree. Now, one year later, grass has been cleared for a thriving garden, and overflowing flower baskets crowd the porch.
Instead, thought of Dean gripping Benny’s hand, obvious pleasure. Traitorous mind creating new images, what they might be doing now. So clear Benny knew how to please him. So different from Castiel, who only managed to frustrate Dean, create new difficulties in his life.
“Which is exactly why it was a foolish decision—”
Reaching over, Cas rubbed his back in small circles and Dean leaned back into his hand. “We did all we could, Dean.”
Would he be reborn as he once was, or as one of the monsters inhabiting this place, ruled by animalistic instinct only? He thought he knew the answer. And it frightened him. Made him want to fly far and wide throughout this land for a glimpse of escape, for the smallest of chances.
“She’s coming later,” Jack said. “She has a…” He peered up at Cas, squinting a little. “Prior obligation.” He stumbled over the words a little, but Cas nodded at him. In truth, Claire and Kaia were on a hunt, but after too many concerned calls from teachers, they’d managed to explain to Jack why that information couldn’t be shared with everyone.
Dad stared at him for another long moment, expressionless, before turning his journal around and dropping it in front of Sam. “Shut up and make yourself useful. Sooner we figure out what’s killing these folks, sooner we can get out of this goddamn town.”
“Just looking,” Dean told them.
“Are you alright, Dean?” he asked, trying to see the bite marks.
“Dean, I’m sorry,” Cas started as Dean dragged him into the hallway.
Hariel thought she might agree. The being in front of them hardly seemed a seraph, not to mention his physical appearance: torn trenchcoat, beard, mud, and blood.
Cas studied him, then nodded. “Okay.”
"My, uh, mom used to make me soup when I was sick."
“Me either!” Jack said. “But Google said it was today and I have a lot of friends so I need to celebrate.” He weaved the orange and red threads together. “You should make one!”
still made Dean’s heart skip a beat. But it was true. He loved Cas and he’d do anything for him. The same, he knew, was true on Cas’ end.
If love was only for family, no room for anyone else, then he widened his definition of family. It didn’t end in blood, it included a grumpy old man and a rebellious teen with too much eyeliner and a vampire and a straight A student and a geek with red hair and a nephilim child… love never ran out. He always had room for more.
“Oh. Right,” Dean managed. “Okay.”
And, truth be told, he’d never considered putting a name to what he and Cas had. They just had each other when they could and that was enough. Well, maybe he could’ve stood seeing more of Cas. Too late for that now, though. He’d decided to quit, he’d decided it was time, and he stood by his decision. Just hadn’t thought it’d be so difficult.
And he meant it. Even when he woke up the next morning with a sore throat and stuffed up nose. Cas—who seemed to have gotten over the worst of his cold—took only one look at him before declaring it was his turn to play doctor, throwing extra blankets at him and demanding the chicken soup recipe in a flurry of activity.
“Remember I’m taller than him,” Dean said, nodding at Cas. Cas gave him a dirty look. “Just for accuracy.”
Castiel didn’t realize he’d fallen to his knees until Dean was standing over him, pulling him upwards.
“Him and Eileen went on a weekend trip,“ Cas answered easily and Dean nodded. They’d long given up trying to explain to others why Jack had a rotating list of parental figures accompanying him to playgroup, figuring if the other parents thought they were in a weird cult situation, at least that was better than them knowing the truth—like the fact that Sam and Eileen were away hunting a rugaru in Missouri. Though they
“Perhaps I should fly to another area, see if I can find a suitable view.”
“Just doing the job.”
“Sorry.”
Zara and Cas he found talking in the library, continuing a conversation from last night about agricultural practices in her kingdom. Apparently there was a lot to say on the topic. Last night, before going to bed, Zara had made some cheeky remark about waiting after the official wedding ceremony to consummate her and Cas’ marriage, and Dean had wanted to rip her head off. It only made things worse that apparently Cas wasn’t bothered by that remark, but of course not—Zara liked gardening and was cultured and had given him a million and one presents. There was no real reason to hate her, though that wouldn't stop Dean.
What a question.
Felt his grace swell in his chest even as he told himself they were only words spoken to convince him to come along, no real truth to them. Not now; not after everything he had done, every way he had hurt Dean.
In the dark, all of Castiel’s senses were heightened. Wet mud and rough stone against his back, tangle of branches dripping water from above, Dean’s body pressed against his, wet cloth, grime washing away. His mind felt clearer in the cold rain that it had in months, since he had let primordial evil fill his vessel, since his thoughts and intentions became a tangled mess of pride, doubt, and attempted righteousness.
He heard Cas’s footsteps, then felt Cas’ fingers on his cheek and tilted his head into his palm. Breathed in and out. Cas smelled like blood and guts and sweat, not a particularly pleasant combination, but his hand was warm and his other hand was carding through his hair and, shit, that felt nice.
“Nope,” Benny agreed cheerily. Settled down next to Dean, against a mossy-barked tree. “Can’t say I’ll miss this place.”
“Good,” she said, sounding relieved. “Good.” They’d ended the call soon after that. He heard a child’s voice in the background, but didn’t get to ask what the kid’s name was.
accomplished: halting the easy conversation that usually flowed between Dean and Benny. Heavy silence now between all three of them.
Cas laughed at him and threw away their trash in the dumpster outside the shop. “You got homework or whatever tonight?” Dean asked.
“He still around?”
He stared at his hands, blood pounding in his ears, then Cas touched his wrist, fingers light. He let Cas take his hand, hold it between both of his. Lifting his head, he studied Cas for a long moment, eyes roaming over his face. He should’ve been nervous, should’ve been running through all the possibilities and what-if’s, all the what now's, but instead with Cas’ holding his hand, holding his gaze, he felt calm.
“Cas.” Dean’s gaze was as insistent as his grip on his arm. “We need him.”
Spurred on by the way Castiel’s fingers worked on him, he reached his edge before long, finally giving in at the gasp Castiel made coming first in his fist, shuddering against him.
“Dammit,” he exclaimed. “You always do rock.”
very good.”
Dean’s expression twisted. “What the fuck’s wrong with you, man? I ain’t givin’ up hope, not ‘til I’ve exhausted every option. We’re both getting out.”
Castiel could relate.
“I don’t wanna unpack all that.” He looked at Cas and smiled a little. “You sure you don’t wanna marry her?”
Dean grabbed his elbow. “Hey, where you going?” Cas paused, not meeting his eyes, and Dean faltered. “I don’t know what to tell you, man. I thought we were on the same page. I mean, we hardly ever see each other, it’s always just been a matter of convenience. Right time, right place.”
In all that time, they had moved forward about ten feet and Dean was starting to entertain thoughts about abandoning Baby on the asphalt and walking back home.
“That’s mighty kind of ya, angel. Don’t mind if I do.”
He wished he knew how Cas was gonna react. “I ain’t ditching him. He doesn’t care.”
“How’d he take the news of you quitting?”
“Something.” He sat down on the log Dean slept against. “I was helping a friend.” Taking on Sam’s memories, his trauma, it was one of the most difficult things he had ever done. Sam and Dean, they were strong, stronger than he sometimes gave them credit for. To carry so much in a mortal mind—his own still disordered state of mind was proof enough of how much Sam had been carrying.
“It’s what you would’ve done for me.” Of course he’d come, of course he wanted to be here for Dean. He didn’t want him to hurt; he felt something towards him he'd never felt for anyone else, and since he couldn’t say it, he wanted to show it, wanted to take care of him, wanted to come as close to the words as he could. “You can call me, anytime. Whatever you need.”
Sam raised his hands. “I’m just telling you what I see.”
“No, no,” Dean found his voice, if only to stop Cas from speaking. “No, you can’t fucking put that on me. Why are you telling me now? This can’t—it won’t work—”
Benny did not refute or agree with Dean’s hasty excuse, just grinned at Castiel. Castiel kept his gaze stony. It wasn’t enough to simply use Dean for escape, to drink from him, was it? Had to snake his way into Dean’s loyalty.
“You and your plants there wanna get a room?” he asked and,
“I hear you,” Castiel replied, voice faint.
“He was right,” Hariel said, and caught Zadkiel giving her a look. Never did she think she would see the day when she agreed with a Winchester, but she would say anything now to convince Castiel to join them. They had lost many in this journey, had spent so much time searching. She could not fail now.
Churning of the water around his legs, fine hairs rising on the back of his neck, fabric of his clothing pressed to his body.
“When you say it like that…” Resting his forearms on his knees, Dean stared out at the water. He’d been telling himself for so long that he and Cas wouldn’t last—not wanting to get his hopes up, not wanting to hold any expectations that might disappoint him—that it felt foreign now to think this might not end, that he could have more if he wanted it. A little exhilarating too.
Cas grinned at him and Zara looked mildly stricken, staring back and forth between them. Then resignation spread over her features and she smiled a little. “I see.” Waving her hand, she said, “Well, then. Consider yourself free of our engagement.”
And he felt now the weight of his torn and tattered wings upon his shoulders. Always something dividing him from the rest; his doubt, his rebellion, his companionship with humans, and now his own depravity which trapped him in a prison for monstrous beings.
“He’s alright. He’s… It’s been rough.” Dean shifted, stared down at his boots. “I mean, he was there when she… He had to let everyone know. Him and Bobby.” He rubbed at his eyes. “I should’ve been here.”
“Right,” Dean said, not convinced. Cas studied him, the familiar, peculiar squint to his eyes and Dean nearly squirmed. Turning, he said, “I’m going to bed.”
“It’ll pass soon enough,” Benny said, or Castiel thought he said. A crack of thunder interrupted him.
Despite the abruptness of his statement, Cas was quick to answer, “No, Dean, it will, because this is what you wanna do.” He waited until Dean nodded. “It’ll work out, you’ll see.”
Cole and his friend glanced at each other. Then, without warning, Cole lunged at him, shoving him backward against his truck’s trailer.
The Impala broke down on Route 66, and the asphalt radiated heat as he ducked under the hood. Cas hovered at his side and he realized he didn't have the tools to fix her.
“What’s that mean? If you stayed here too long, you wouldn’t be able to use your grace?”
Getting into the passenger seat, Cas slammed the door shut. “You will not be going back there, not when those children are around. Dean was right, these play places are vile.”
look.
Skilled, he wiped it away so fast Castiel thought he might have only wished it, pretended to be engaged by something under the water. Though Benny looked back and forth between them, no doubt wondering what he was missing, he didn’t ask any more questions. Finishing stripping down to his undergarments, he waded into the water to reach Dean.
He might not've known for sure, but he was pretty sure he could guess. "Alright, well." He dumped the dough onto the table and divided it into small sections. "Time to experiment, I guess."
"Wow," Sam said, leaning against the counter and crossing his arms. "Look at you."
sick, Dean was making him be the big spoon.
he meant the long compliments Cas so shamelessly gave him now, like he'd been storing them up for a long time and was finally able to hand them out. It was like the dam had broken that night when Billie and the Empty—
“Why?”
Castiel knelt by Dean’s side. Blood had dried over new bite marks, and he touched Dean’s neck lightly, right under the wound. He concentrated hard to heal him, then let his fingers rest on his pulse for several seconds, counting the heartbeats.
They walked along the rocky ridge, all senses at high alert. Eerily quiet now, not even the creaking of tree branches in a wind to accompany their footsteps. Every step bringing them closer. Castiel thought he could feel the power Benny had spoken about, sense the seam joining Purgatory to Earth. Perhaps only his grace pulsing inside his vessel, waiting, waiting.
“I’ll keep watch,” Cael called, pausing a few feet away. “There are monsters close by. We must move quickly.”
“And I don’t wanna know.” Floating onto his back, he looked up at the sky. “Where’s this light come from? No sun, no moon. No clouds neither.”
A convenient lie; one Castiel had fallen for before. He had caused Dean so much pain already, perhaps Dean not only didn’t need him, but was better off without him. Hadn’t he proved so over and over? Continued to cause him pain—said the wrong things, did the wrong things, couldn’t be who Dean wanted him to be.
He felt about the same now, standing in Jody’s kitchen—off to the side so he wouldn’t be in the way during the frenzied preparations to attend the Sioux Falls Pride Parade. Music played from Patience’s phone, some song he recognized from Cas constantly turning the radio dial to the pop music station. Sam helped Kaia finish a sign decorated with the lesbian flag, and Eileen signed with Alex who was learning sign language in high school. Claire sat at the table painting Jack’s nails, who wriggled in his seat excitedly.
being the opportune word,” Castiel said, keeping Benny in his gaze.
Dean wasn’t falling for that excuse a second time. He started to say so, but Cas wasn’t listening, picking up his phone as it beeped several times in quick succession.
“Petzel, petzel, petzel!” Jack chanted, banging a tiny plastic whisk on the table. He wore a kid's apron decorated with bumblebees, dotted black lines twisting and curving to show the bees' crisscrossing flights.
“Alright, alright, just a question.” Fell silent again.
“But you’re here.”
“I missed it too,” Cas said, breaking into his thoughts, and Dean looked up at him. Oh. Well. Good to know he wasn’t the only one.
Throwing that word around,
Outside the window, a streetlight turned red on an empty road behind the lot. Dean leaned on the wall and watched, absentmindedly picking at the skin around his thumbnail. He should’ve seen the signs—Cas asking to team drive, Cas visiting him when his mom died.
“No, no, I’ll stay. Too cold to go out now.”
Dean rolled his eyes, then Benny gripped his neck tighter and all annoyance faded from his face. He seemed to be holding his breath, waiting, anticipation. His eyes fell shut when Benny’s teeth pierced his skin.
“I see,” Castiel said, watching Benny for his reaction.
Seeing his phone light up with Dean’s name on the screen, he’d thought it was a mistake because Dean hardly ever called and never at three in the morning. Then Dean told him haltingly that Mary was gone, and Castiel whispered, “Oh, Dean,” his heart dropping.
“Hey? Cas?”
“We are not doing a repeat of earlier,” Dean said before Cas could suggest taking Jack to the water again.
“Kinda wish…” Cas trailed off. Someone hopped on channel 19, and Dean heard the echo on Cas’ end. “Kinda wish you’d told me earlier. Never woulda suggested teaming up on drives, if I knew.”
Castiel’s fingers curled into the once soft material of his pant legs. Hearing movement behind him, he couldn’t resist looking over his shoulder. Benny was sitting down on a log next to Dean, straddling it so he could pull Dean back against his chest.
When their castles began to spread beyond the acceptable range of their chairs and umbrella, they asked Jack to choose the winner and he stared down both castles, expression serious, before rushing one and knocking it down, shrieking in delight and doing the same to the other.
“See ya then,” Dean agreed, getting in the driver’s seat. He paused before putting the key in the ignition, though, eyes drawn to the school doors.
Hearing water, Castiel took a few steps in that direction, listening carefully for any disturbance in the rhythmic splashing which would indicate an errant footfall. He heard footsteps behind him and, recognizing them as Dean, didn't turn to look at him.
He was helping Cas slip it off when Sam walked into the kitchen. “Ew, gross," he complained, covering his eyes with his hand, and Dean realized he was essentially undressing Cas in front of the kitchen island. "Get a room."
“Thanks for coming,” Dean said when he walked him outside to the car Castiel had rented to drive out there.
Eventually, too soon, they untangled themselves. Sitting back back on his knees, Dean stroked himself as Castiel slipped a pillow under his ass, positioned himself. “Come on,” he said, holding his arms out, gesturing to Dean, feeling breathless.
Right now, Dean was speaking of the apocalypse. Cage opening, the need for vessels, storms and wars. Left out his time in Hell, Sam’s addiction to demon blood. Careful enough, at least, to keep those details to himself. Only Castiel knew, deeply, how intrinsically Dean’s time in Hell was tied to his being, how the memories still plagued him, how Sam’s dependence on demons nearly tore them apart.
, this hunt had been a close one. Closer than they’d had in a long time.
Two of them. Castiel turned his head, holding in his vision the Leviathan approaching from opposite sides.
“Nah.”
“My dad has a drawing. It’s Enochian.”
Dean nodded. Cas drew his hands back to rub Dean’s shoulders as they watched Jack jump up and down excitedly as the girl broke free of the sand once more, yelling, “Again!”
The nauseating smell of decaying flesh still burned in Castiel’s nostrils when they stopped for the night. Always so many bodies, scattered in their path. Dead from previous fights, maybe a disagreement, maybe simply existing in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Benny smiled a little. “Had a falling out with my nest. Tried to leave, they killed me.”
Letting go of Dean’s hand, he went to the room where Zara was staying and knocked on her door.
many.” Cas joined Jack in going through the pins and Claire asked Dean, giving his outfit a meaningful look,
“Mhm.” Cas leaned over the side of the bed, looking for something to clean himself off with.
“He’s got some screws loose, man,” Benny told Dean. “I’m telling you.”
“If he has this much energy now, what the hell’s he gonna be like when you give him a chocolate chip pretzel?” Dean asked Cas, putting the oregano and soy sauce back. He had no idea which pretzel Cas had slipped the sauce into and was not eager to find out.
“Hey,” he called, grabbing another book and leafing through it. “You better have remembered to pick up beer and pie because I’m going crazy here.”
Instead, “Please find someone else to drink from. I don’t want him to be hurt.”
Gingerly, Dean pinched his nose to stop the bleeding and shook his head. “Don’t think so.” He looked down at his free hand, his knuckles red from landing a punch.
Some days, humanity seemed a marvelous prospect.
“Where is it?” he demanded, crouching over him, one knee pressed hard into the werewolf’s chest, blade pressed to his neck again.
While Cas tried, he was no match for Larry. Dean would’ve willingly let him win the bet, though, just to keep seeing the way his thighs gripped the side of the bull and the way he rolled his hips to stay in the saddle. Still, he couldn’t help laugh as Cas got thrown and tumbled to the cushioned area around the bull.
Dean tried to swallow down the way those words made him feel. “You got other friends on the road, Cas.”
“Well, I’ve been stuck here for the past… I don’t know. According to Dean, ‘bout fifty years. Seems like an eternity. So yeah, I’d like to leave. Just happens that my goal and Dean’s match up. Get Dean to the portal, hitch a ride out of here.”
Castiel’s eyes slowly adjusted to the darkness. Outline of windows, of a door. Dean’s hand was warm wrapped around his wrist.
." He swung his arms wildly to demonstrate, and Dean scooped him up. When Jack tried to get away, he turned him upside down, and Jack’s protests turned into screaming laughter which caused more than a few glances their way. Cas smiled despite himself and fixed Jack’s shirt, which was sliding to his head.
Dean stared at the waves which were crashing with more intensity now in the afternoon, then at Jack, who was tugging at Cas’ grip on his wrist, trying to get away. “You guys go, I’ll watch him.”
Benny slid down to rest his head on the log and shut his eyes. Castiel studied his hands; palms engraved with dirt, faint whorls curving over his fingertips, ridge of bone at his wrists. He’d resided in this vessel for longer than any other vessel before; its flesh felt more like his own and less a cloak with every passing day.
“What the hell?” Dean asked, uneasy movements stilled by the sight.
“Shit. Guess Purgatory did a number on you, huh?”
“What?” Dean asked, grinning as he swung Jack again.
“There’s more of them,” Cas said unhelpfully.
“Don’t worry, one week at home and you’ll be wishing you were back.”
A nervous habit. Castiel watched him, wishing he could offer something better than the
Pure, though. That seemed the wrong word to use. Liberating, perhaps—too much so.
His distance from Heaven, though, had brought him a new freedom. Lessons in faith and hope and individuality. And he began to wonder if he could find a new balance between the two parts of himself that once warred—his angelic nature and human one.
And what did Castiel look like to them? Did he seem just a man? Once, he felt as vast as the sky, his vessel a mere limiter. But now his feet tired of walking and his eyes strained from the repetitive sight of trees and brush, dirt and sky. His beard scratched his fingertips when he ran them over his jaw.
Going to Dean, he tapped his fingers together, signing more, and Dean handed him a french fry, his tiny fist only big enough to hold one.
A map open on his lap, Cas circled every town they stopped at, traced their route with a red pen. Folded and unfolded the page until the creases made the snaking lines nearly illegible. "I want to remember," he told Dean, and Dean traced the creases to feel their route under his finger. The steering wheel was warm under his palms, the diner floors sticky under his boots, the motel sheets stiff when he pulled them back from the headboard, and he told Cas, "Pinch me," in the dark of an eighty-dollar-a-night room. Cas touched his face and kissed him instead.
“I’m not your responsibility.” Spoke the words to the river. First words he'd spoken to Castiel all day.
“Done,” he announced, looking up to see Jack starting on a third. “Jesus, kid, slow down.”
Benny nodded slowly before returning his gaze back towards the sky. No stars to guide their way or form shapes out of.
He looked back to shore where Benny bent over Dean, taking his blood. And Dean let him. A hunter, essentially a practiced killer, a man trained to fight offensively at all times, and yet he willingly bared his neck for a monster, offered up his own life blood.
“You told them—” Fuming, he glared at the Djinn talking to Jack. “What’s the verdict? How many do I gotta kill to get Cas out of this engagement?”
Dean’s skin was warm against his and Castiel tightened his hold on him.
“Oh,” Dean said, feeling a little startled. Recovering, he said, “Guess I’ll stick around then.”
Zara had met Cas only once; she hadn’t stopped apocalypses and faced demons with him. Dean knew Cas better than anyone, or so he liked to think. Cas knew him better than anyone, at least.
“Don’t worry, I’m sure Sam will be up early organizing everything.” He nodded at the bag in Cas’ hand. “What’s that?”
Dean glared at Cas, who avoided his eyes and motioned to Zara to follow him down the hallway. “Um, over here is where we keep archival documents,” he said.
“Maybe we can convince the other parents to kick Denise and her son out of the—Oh.” Dean looked over at him and Castiel winced. “We’ve been blocked from the group chat.”
Dean wiped, rough, at a spot of mud on Benny’s chest. “Look like you were rolling in it.”
“You tell her you’re sick?”
Cas nodded, gripping at Dean’s shirt, his back arching. “Maybe... maybe tomorrow.”
“Don’t say that,” Dean said.
The sun hovered just over the horizon when Castiel arrived at his pickup location. Pulling into the lot, he parked and went inside to sign paperwork for the new shipment. Wait for the dockworkers to load the trailer, then off to Little Chute, Wisconsin. Two and a half more weeks until his hometime. He never kept counted down the days because there was nothing to look forward to during his time off. Get a motel room for the week, lounge around watching TV and reading, grow increasingly more impatient until he was back on the road.
He blinked and the Leviathan was lunging at him. He raised his blade, but his frozen moment had cost him precious time. The Leviathan knocked him down with a thud, pinning his arm down when he tried to raise his blade.
A third time, then the ringing abruptly stopped. A pause, then, “Dean?”
He relented. “I understand.”
Held side by side in his mind, though, his healing of Dean took on a more possessive quality, seemed an act of taking. The handprint on Dean’s shoulder, a presumptive jealousy of all who would come later and had come before, laying their hands on Dean’s skin.
“I’ve dealt with worse before, this is nothing new. Just comes with the job.”
Maybe that’s what had finally worn Castiel down here; Dean’s prayers for him. Meant even with a vampire, a blade, a plan—he wanted Castiel.
“No,” Dean responded.
He was trying to make it better where he could, though. “You wanna watch a movie tonight? I'll let you pick because you're bedridden."
Shifting a little, he focused on the line of Dean’s body against his. Didn’t know if he dared touch him with his vessel now, wrap an arm around him, keep him warm. Settled on what he knew best; protect him unseen.
“Of course you wouldn’t,” Castiel shot back. “It doesn’t matter how long it takes us to get to the portal, does it? You have Dean’s blood, you have all you need.”
“You okay?” Cas asked Jack, and Jack nodded solemnly.
“Should be ready to unload in 'bout an hour,” said the man behind the desk at Dean’s Minneapolis drop-off location, taking the paperwork Dean had signed.
“I’ve been driving for five years now,” Cas said. “I didn’t think I’d ever drive for this long.”
“You sure?” he asked, thumbing dirt away from Dean’s neck. Even at his distance, in the dusk, Castiel could see the tense line of Dean’s shoulders. “Don’t gotta if you don't want to.”
“How do you know?”
One day, he might like to be human. One day, he might remove his grace and tuck it away, carefully. He might feel his lungs fill with air, his blood run through his veins with life, he might age.
“Guess you’re gonna see a lot more of them now.”
“And their insufferable children,” Cas agreed.
“Cas?” Dean broke into his thoughts which surged on the brink of engulfing him.
“Wait, you lived on the water?” Dean asked as Benny splashed the knife clean.
Then a foot nudged his side and Dean’s face appeared above him, pulling him from his fantasy. “Dude. You alright?”
Shouldn’t wish to keep what had transpired on Earth a secret. If Purgatory was punishment, it was well deserved in his case. Every monster here knew he, an angel, was among them. Knew of his shame. Nowhere to hide.
“He told you?”
Dean finally straightened and pushed his boots to the side. “Listen, that sounds great, really, and I would, but...”
The closer they got to the portal, the more Dean spoke of Sam.
“What happened?” Cas glanced over his shoulder at where the two assholes had run off. “Why were they trying to beat you up?”
“Pay up,” Dean said, grinning as he straightened. Cole threw a few bills on the table, muttering something under his breath, and Dean called, “Good game,” after him as he stomped off to the bar.
Dean nodded once. “Good.” Letting go of him, he headed over to Benny. Perhaps a purposeful act to show he
The Greyhound stopped in Fargo and Dean disembarked, got his bearings. His shadow headed in front of him as he walked to the motel, sunlight glinting off passing cars and trucks. His heart pounded with every step, then he rounded a corner and came upon the motel. And there sat Cas on the curb in front of the row of motel doors.
“Are you really gonna keep that on all night?” Cas asked, disturbing the quiet.
“Still kicking,” Dean agreed.
“No. Uh. Was.” He rubbed the back of his neck. “It, uh, wasn’t exactly easy, being on the road so much.” Why was he sharing all that? Castiel didn’t need to know his personal business. It’d been five years since he and Lisa split. It was old news, tired news.
“Oh.”
Close enough. Taking the bag, Dean told Cas, “Don’t look now, but Lauren is handing out brochures for Pampered Chef again.” According to Sam, that was another reason this playdate had to be a success—making friends with the right parents meant getting invited to more playdates and whatever other random events the parents came up with. It was like a weird society Dean had never known existed until Jack started preschool and started interacting with other kids his own age.
“Look what happened last time.”
He did.
“Oh, great,” Dean complained as the smoke cleared to reveal a lump of black ooze forming upwards into the dripping shape of a Leviathan.
He could feel the conscious effort Dean put into slowing his breathing, but it worked, his own vessel’s breathing and heartbeat slowing, his distressed grace quieting in tandem.
“You were a vampirate.” His faux-serious demeanor broke fully into a grin.”Get it? Vampire plus pirate?”
Benny nodded from the ground. “My fault, I know. I took too much.”
Pride was a dangerous sin; the sin which led to Lucifer’s demise. Castiel had had humility beaten into his true form since his creation—and yet he craved the desperate desire underlying Dean’s supplications.
“There, go, be free,” Dean told him when he’d turned him a shade paler with a copious amount of sunscreen. Turned loose, Jack kicked at the sand with his sandaled feet, then pointed at the ocean.
“So this escape hatch,” Dean said, sitting down on a wide rock by the stream. “We don’t know exactly where it is, but Benny’s got a general idea—right, Benny?”
Twelve weeks. Dean was impatient so it wasn’t long before he was pushing Cas on his back to get on top of him, Cas’ fingers on his cheek, soft moan as Dean deepened their kiss.
“Jack, no,” he said, taking Jack’s fist and opening it before he could shove sand into his mouth. Jack protested, but Dean quickly set down the colorful bucket and shovel set they’d bought for this occasion, successfully distracting him.
“Christ, when’d you get so conniving?” He got up and asked Jack, “You wanna help your old man clean?”
“Dean is very caring,” he spoke up, taking care to keep his voice low, and Benny’s eyes snapped to him. “You’re taking advantage of his giving nature.”
The employee went back to looking confused and, starting to walk away, told them to call if they needed anything.
Even when he left the library and shut the door to his room, voices and laughter carried down the hallway. He was glad everyone else was having a good time and completely ignoring the absurdity of this situation.
Sam lowered his hand, then frowned at Cas. "Woah. What happened to you?"
Unsetting, the realization. That the monster before him now could be so human.
“Just, uh, thanks for driving to see me.”
“Alright, alright.” He put Jack’s sunhat on his head, adjusting the strap under Jack’s chin. “Can’t even take a breather.”
Castiel looked down at Dean. A monster?
“Alright, alright.” Scooping Jack up, Dean carried him over to the sink and turned on the cold water. When he held Jack’s hand under the stream, Jack squirmed, trying to get away.
“You love Dee,” Jack said, pointing at Cas, eyes narrowing in suspicion.
Jack offered him that life again, and Castiel sat, stunned, long after Jack left the room telling him,
“Well, while we’re here.” Dean crouched to untie his boots. “We good, Cas?”
Castiel highly doubted that, but if this vampire was telling the truth—a big if—Dean had a possible escape from this place. He couldn’t ruin those chances.
Dean raised an eyebrow. “You sure about that?”
“Shit,” he muttered, sinking in his seat and rubbing his eyes. “Thought we were pros at this after a year of preschool.”
Both Leviathan were above him now, kicking and punching, and his grace cowered before their presence.
Shuddering, he plunged his hands into the water again. Scrubbed at his knuckles.
“Sure, nurse.” Dean wiped at dried blood on his temple with his sleeve, accomplishing nothing. Wasn’t meeting either of their eyes. “Come on, we’re wasting time.”
“Do I win?” Jack asked.
“Hey!” Dean called, snapping their eyes to him. “No one’s going anywhere.” He looked around them. “Cas has a point, though. You sure you know where we are, Benny?”
drew his eyes. If he wanted to take some classes, he'd have to quit driving over the road. His hours were too unpredictable; he could never commit to anything.
“You didn’t want to?”
Cas sits back on his heels, pushing back his sunhat a little on his forehead. Dean had made fun of him for buying the floppy hat, but there's a photo on the fridge that Dean took of him wearing it, so he thinks Dean might not hate it so much. “I’m almost done for the day. I just have to water this one.”
He pushed Benny’s hand away, and Benny pulled away from his neck. “What’s wrong?”
The quiet question made his eyes fly open. He tensed, waiting for the answer.
“I’m so happy to see you again,” Zara told Cas as a few of her attendants served what Dean guessed was some kind of Djinn desert, some weird pale pudding. She leaned forward and took one of Cas’ hands, and Dean clenched his own hands into fists under the table.
Castiel couldn’t yell, couldn’t start towards him because the second Leviathan was nearly on top of him. He shot out his hand, willing his grace forward, but the Leviathan kicked out his legs, sending him to the ground. He tried to scramble to his knees to rise, but a blow to the head sent him back down.
Dean motioned to him and they walked around his truck. In the shade of the trailer, shielded from the road, the sounds of the highway lessened, the trailer rattling with each gust of wind kicked up by passing cars. Cas shook his head. “Two kids and their mom. Other car only had one passenger, I think.”
Benny didn’t sink his teeth in immediately. Hovering close, he wrapped his hand around Dean’s neck, thumbing along his skin for his pulse. Dean stayed still, no sign of fear or revulsion, even when Benny’s fangs lowered and brushed his skin. In one quick bite, he pierced Dean’s flesh.
“Come on,” he told Jack, standing and holding out his hand.
Cas nodded solemnly and hovered his palm over the bracelet, a glow warming the strands before subsiding. "Nothing can break it, so I can wear it forever." He leaned his head back against Dean’s arm to meet his eyes.
"I am not," Cas protested, though he looked more than a little pleased at the idea of getting to choose. Dean braced himself for whatever ridiculous romance or musical Cas insisted on watching now—to date, he'd been subjected to
Benny glanced at him. “The white knight.”
“If you don’t stop talking, I will send you to sleep whether you want me to or not,” Castiel told him.
The story shifted. Angels trapping Dean to keep him from Sam. An ornate room, nasal-voiced Zachariah. “Then he showed up,” Dean said, thumb over his shoulder at Castiel. He felt a bit surprised to be mentioned.
“Woah, woah, you’re not doing that,” Dean protested like the wet blanket he was.
Rolling his eyes, Benny waved him off. “Don’t start. I’m out, you’re out. We’re all good.”
Crimson blood stained the back of Dean’s neck, his collar, his jacket. How long since they first came to this place? Used to have an internal clock which could precisely mark the passage of time. Now, he felt disoriented. No magnetic pull to tell him which direction to head. Forced to follow the vampire leading the way.
Dean thought, catching himself from falling. Before Cole could make another move, he swung at him. His fist connected with the guy’s jaw, then the second man, who’d been hanging back, grabbed him, pulling his arm back.
Dean huffed and caught Sam and Eileen’s concerned looks. Ignoring them, he glared out at the ocean. Fucking ‘course the one time he took Jack to the beach, the poor kid got fucking traumatized. And on his birthday, no less. Dean had been tossed around enough by powerful waves to know that shit hurt, and his chest tightened, watching younger kids run to the water’s edge, then back, almost taunting the waves to pull them under.
“Yeah,” Benny said. They started in that direction, but Castiel spoke up, stopping them.
he wanted Cas to stay.
“And I got to swing at recess!” he told them, clambering into his carseat.
“I can’t believe the audacity of that woman,” Cas raged, strapping Jack into his carseat. Dean grabbed wet wipes and leaned over the front seat to wipe Jack’s hands before he touched everything and spread germs around. “And her kid is exactly the same!”
Clearly, he had underestimated this place and its inhabitants. A mistake he now had to suffer the consequences for every single day. His grace was still strained from attempting—and failing—to house the monstrous souls and Leviathan inside, and his presence in this never-ending forest was an invitation to attack.
“Let him feed it,” Cas spoke up. “It’s hungry.”
“Yes. Thanks for stopping.”
Castiel opened his eyes. Icy water trickled down his back. “Something about Purgatory… It’s restraining. Almost like fog closing in on my grace, suffocating it. Like it wants to trap me here.”
Cas had said. How long? How long had Cas loved him—and why was he telling him now? Did he think Dean could love him back? Because Dean couldn’t—he’d never thought—they were just, this was just—
“I am,” Castiel protested. “I think it’d be nice to have a pet to keep me company.”
A long moment, then—though it made his every instinct scream in protest—he let his arm go slack. Dean let go of him warily.
As the credits rolled, he turned off the TV and touched Cas’ forehead with the back of his hand. Not as warm as before. At his touch, Cas blinked awake.
This was Dean's life, his decision—didn't matter what Cas thought or said about it. Still, he couldn't help feel guilty at how hard Cas was trying to say the right thing, to appease him. Worse still, he knew Cas really meant it, wasn't lying to him. Always was so earnest.
“We’ll try again later,” he started to say, but Dean spoke up,
“I didn’t go far,” he told him quietly.
Delighted in being Dean’s protector, but knew what protecting Dean meant now. Once meant watchful nights, never straying too far away. Now, it meant letting him go.
“What?” Dean asked roughly, when Castiel continued to stare. He tossed a stray rock aside into a cluster of ferns.
He didn’t know how long they roamed through the yard, mostly silent. That night he ate dinner with everyone—a casserole someone had brought after the funeral. The house was quiet, clinking silverware, attempts at conversation that died down too soon because no one had the energy to continue them. It struck Castiel that this was his first family meal in years. Dean was bouncing his leg under the table, and Castiel couldn’t help feeling grateful that Dean trusted him enough to let him come over, meet his family. But he couldn’t escape his anxiety that his presence was only making things worse.
Quickly, he scrambled to his feet. “I told you to be careful!”
“Can I ask you a question?” Cas asked, shifting to face him. When Dean nodded, he said, “Whatever happened with you and Lisa?” Quickly, he added, “You don’t have to talk about it, if you don’t want to. I just wondered, because you mentioned you were married, and I was kinda surprised.”
The words rose to Dean’s tongue, but he bit them back and frowned at the warped, laminated menu pages.
“And, uh, if you made me a bracelet, I would wear it.”
“Yeah, of course,” Dean said, feeling a little sick. Ignoring the sensation, he pat Cas on the shoulder. “Whatever you want.”
He kicked at the design he’d made on the ground, weak imitation of heavenly objects, and the stones scattered.
look. “Charming.” He headed off down the hallway towards their bedroom and Dean followed. “How did Mrs. Landis take the news?”
Cas slowed to a stop by his truck. “And then you’ll be off to Bobby’s.”
Scratching at the stubble on his face, he remarked, “Jesus, longest I’ve ever gone without a shave.” Castiel studied him, the uneven facial hair, made darker by the grime coating his features.
Cas left and Dean stared at the closed door, then down at his pie. It shouldn’t matter what Cas did, who he was interested in, who flirted with him. Not like Dean had any say in the matter, not like they were dating or something—which was
Tapping Cas’ name, he brought his phone to his ear. The dial tone droned once, then twice. Dean shoved his free hand into his jacket pocket and shut his eyes.
“Since then?” Dean asked.
“You don’t know that for sure.”
“I missed you too,” Jack said, extricating himself from his grip to hold up a slightly crinkled piece of paper. “I drew a brontosaurus!”
“I am not a small child, Dean,” Cas protested, but he settled down anyway. Dean couldn’t resist adjusting the covers, essentially tucking him in. He wasn’t trying to baby him, but it was second nature seeing how miserable the guy looked. Turning off the lights, he went to the door. "You good? Need anything else?"
“No, don’t.” Moving closer to Jack, he told him, “That’s a type of crustacean, a crab.” He made the sign for it and Jack stared at him, then the crab, which was shuffling back and forth on the sand, as if it was deciding where to go. Cas began explaining how crabs were formed, their evolution and habitats, and Jack watched the crab with a serious expression on his face. Dean was pretty sure Cas’ crash course was getting lost on the kid, but it was amusing all the same watching their exchange—Cas explaining everything so seriously and Jack interrupting with gibberish. Sometimes he swore they had a whole other language they spoke together.
Cas set his glass down on the nightstand and slid further down under the covers. "Anything that won't make my throat hurt more."
“How the fuck do you manage to sleep every night?” Benny asked Dean, who was settling down, running his hand over the ground to excavate small stones hiding under fallen leaves.
But Dean missed him. He felt the ache of the memory even now as he got in the driver’s seat, went over the paperwork he’d received for his next drop-off. Dean missed him and that thought had carried him through the following weeks, sparked a thousand fantasies in his mind—driving with Dean, sitting in the cab with him, talking in person instead of over the phone or radio, touching him the instant the need rose in his fingertips. Because Dean missed him, and what could happen between them if they never had to miss each other again? If they never had to say goodbye?
Cas’ gaze had softened and his voice was quiet when he asked, “What do you mean by more?”
There were about ten other Djinn besides Zara and her bodyguard. One of the men set down a large trunk and Dean winced at the scuffing noise it made on the floor. Then the man opened the trunk and Dean startled, realizing it was filled with weapons and blades.
While Benny and other vampires might attempt such a diet, Castiel doubted they could sustain the practice long-term. Besides, it would be all too easy for Benny to spin a lie for sympathy. “I don’t believe you,” he decided.
“Wanna swim!”
“Do you feel relaxed?”
Dean eyed Zara and her bodyguard, tensing for a fight, but Zara’s reaction was only to smile and pat Cas’ shoulder.
Absentmindedly, he fiddled with a hole in the cuff of his trenchcoat sleeve. Threaded his thumb through the torn seams. Benny was telling a gruesome story of three vetala ganging up on him, sharp fangs and snake eyes. One bit him before he could smash its head to a pulp—
“I’ll let you bury me again.” Jack didn’t look impressed, and Dean sighed. He started building a moat around his sand castle just to distract Jack. Finding a shell, he held it up and Jack took it in his chubby fist, then looked back at the water.
“Sorry to hear that.”
“I like it well enough.”
“I don’t know.” The angel took a step forward, eyes scanning the boat. “The last thing I remember is the forest. Running from the Leviathan.”
“I know. We should.” He only hesitated for a moment before saying the rest, “I miss you.” It was easier to say it now, over the phone, knowing Dean was drunk. It always seemed too big a thing to say to Dean face to face. Like he wasn’t allowed to miss him because they were only hooking up, only saw each other a few times a year.
“I love it,” Cas said decisively. “If I had known about today, I would’ve made you one too.”
"Done," Jack announced, dropping the whisk. Dean raised an eyebrow at the bowl where the mix was only half-combined, dry powder still clinging to the bowl.
“Nope,” Dean said, trying to distract him with another sand castle. “If you wanna go swim, go,” he told Cas.
“The waves look kinda strong,” he said, instinctively touching Jack’s shoulder to stop him from getting too close to the water.
His blade dropped into his hand. “What are you?” he demanded, advancing on Benny. “What have you done to him?”
Nodding, Jack crawled out of Cas’ lap, and Dean helped him shovel sand into the bucket. He ignored the anxious look Cas was giving him. He wanted Jack to have good memories of the beach, not memories of his dad letting him get whisked away by the asshole ocean. A pang of guilt tightened his chest for not keeping a tighter grip on the kid, and he wiped at a tear stain on Jack’s cheek.
“You know what, fuck you,” Dean spat. Cold words. Castiel tried to hide how he flinched. “You don’t get it. You don’t see the way it is—”
“Yeah. I get it.” He was lucky Bobby let him crash at his place during his hometime. Even if he was sharing the house with the ornery bastard, at least he had his own room, a kitchen, familiar spaces. Cas jumped from motel to motel on his time off. Couldn’t be easy.
“I’m at my last drop-off.” Cas remained silent, and Dean took a deep breath. “Once they unload my truck, I’m heading to Bobby’s, but... I wanna see you. Before I go.”
Jack protested, though, grabbing his hand. "Done!"
“That’s uh…” His head was reeling. So Dean was gonna quit. In a week. “That’s great.”
“You get sucked into it. Before you know it, years have passed.” It was true, but all the same, it wasn’t the way he’d expected his life to go. Not that most things in his life had gone to plan.
“Is it broken?” Cas asked.
“Hey, Cas.” He slapped down the fifty dollar bill he’d just earned. “Fifty bucks says you can’t last the whole time on Larry.”
"You have to get your hands dirty." Taking one of the balls of dough, he poured some chocolate chips on it and began rolling them into the dough. "Look at Daddy."
Dean shrugged. “Think he could say the same about you.”
Racking his cue stick, Dean scanned the room and debated staying longer. Delays and changes to his schedule meant he had time to kill before his next shipment was ready to pick up. Sucked; he’d rather be driving making real money than hanging around truck stops and lousy bars.
“We got this.”
“He got me this far, didn’t he? And he’s the only motherfucker in this place to have an idea about how to get out. Kinda grasping at straws here.”
“Have fun!” Cas called.
“Dean.”
“I’m not fucking jealous! What the hell is there to be jealous about?”
He shoved that thought away as fast as it arose, told himself it was only his stomach turning at the vile act.
“What? Yeah, sorry, everything’s fine. Just thought I might call.” There was a soft clink. “Ya know, just because. Haven’t seen you in a while.”
He helped Jack combine the corn flakes and oregano into the dough, then roll it out into a rope. Cupping Jack's hands, he guided him through curving the rope of dough into a U-shape, crossing the two ends twice, then pulling them over to make a rough pretzel shape.
“I will never be ‘cool’ with someone who thinks it is okay to drink others’ blood. But I will not kill you. You should be glad I’m so merciful.”
The one Leviathan leapt and Castiel shoved Dean aside, lunged at it. His blade plunged into its chest, and with a snarl, it pulled back, a long, oozing gash across its slinking figure.
“I was weak, and tired, and bleeding—I never bled before, you know—and you kept following me. And praying. I heard every word and I thought maybe I should just give in. Let you catch up, let you see what I had become. But the Leviathan were after me and I knew I couldn't risk getting you killed. That's what kept me going. I wouldn't let you die because of me.”
Bobby snorted and Dean rolled his eyes again, licked his thumb to rub at a smudge on the driver’s window. “Listen, boy,” Bobby said. “I don’t know what’s bothering you, but let me tell you something.”
It would be so easy to sink into himself, as he did in the hospital. Ignore his surroundings, ignore his vessel. Live inside his mind, his memories, as in-tune to his grace and true form as he could possibly be while occupying a vessel.
“Fuck,” he swore, rubbing at his eyes. “Who knows how big the pack is. Could be a whole dozen of the freaks.”
“Really? ‘Cause my friend here,” nodded at Benny, “says he can sense it. Bettin’ you can too.”
“I may have technically become married to Zara when I went in search of the fruit of the Tree of Life.” Dean raised his eyebrows, and he added, “And I may have forgotten to tell you.”
They headed outside and she asked, “Where’s your boyfriend?”
Benny laughed, clapped him on the shoulder. Dean shot him a grin.
“Shit, uhh, seven years now, I think.”
Guilty, he wondered whether it should. They’d been young when they met each other, they’d had a good run, and Dean didn’t want to ruin what they had by dragging it on for too long. Though, maybe he didn’t have to end anything. He would quit and as the months passed, he and Cas would realize their lives weren’t so compatible, and they’d fall out of touch.
—relaxed to move.
“‘Spect you’re right. It’s rough out there. You’re still kicking, though.”
Until now, that is—but Dean pushed those thoughts aside. He had plenty of time to tell Cas; he was going to see him tomorrow.
Jack settled back against his chest. “In Enochian this time.”
“A little help here?” Sam asked from underneath the beach umbrella, which was refusing to stay open. Eileen laughed at him as she plunked down her chair and Cas rescued him.
Shutting the cooler of blood bags, he wiped at a drop of blood on the lid, leaving a crimson smear behind. Outside the round window above the sink, sunlight glinted off the Atchafalaya Basin and he wiped at his mouth with the back of his hand, watching the soft waves undulate.
Dean wanted to ask what the hell John had to do with anything, but he held his tongue, resigning himself to waiting out whatever lesson Bobby had to dish out now.
“Come on, take a nap.”
Ever what? Castiel stared at him, then he realized what Benny was insinuating and sat up straighter, pulling his hand from Dean’s hair. “Of course not. I’m Dean’s guardian. I watch over him, my intentions are not so base.”
“Doesn’t hurt that much.”
He was driving down I-70, hoping to make it at least 180 miles more before stopping for the night. He’d hit a truck stop along his route that, with any luck, would have parking spots open when he got there.
Looking away, Castiel said, “I don’t fault you for that. Your distrust is completely justified.” It still stung him to the quick. He wished to God, to Heaven above, that he had not betrayed Dean and Sam, that he had not let his pride take control. He had wanted so badly to prove himself as someone worthy of Dean’s trust and companionship, and yet had accomplished the exact opposite.
Dean cleared his throat. “Right. Yeah. Of course.”
“No, nothing. Just glad it worked out this time.”
If he could simply be himself.
“Leave me alone,” Castiel gritted out. His nails dug into his palms, blunt edges.
“You can’t be serious.”
He shook his arm from Dean. “You’re protecting a monster.”
“I missed you,” he said.
“Yep. I am. But I think we both know which of our kinds,” he motioned between himself and Dean, “kills more humans.”
Dean sure didn’t seem very bothered by the fact that this was the last time they’d ever get to meet up on drives. Almost too nonchalant. But what was Castiel expecting? It was his own fault for getting so attached, for thinking maybe his and Dean’s infrequent meetings meant as much to Dean as they did to him.
Selecting various stones and pebbles around him, Castiel began stacking them. Perhaps nothing deeper to the action than a need to keep his hands steady. If he didn’t, every snarl of a branch might resemble the jagged open mouth of a Leviathan, every trickle of the river a slithering whisper from a Leviathan’s tongue.
Dean pinched the bridge of his nose. Fuck him for ever talking about Cas around Bobby. “I don’t know. Probably not.” As an afterthought, he added, “We’re not
“Really?” Noah asked, stopping in his tracks. “After all that?”
The truck behind him merged into the left lane, and Dean heard his CB radio crackle, someone mentioning a slowdown ahead.
“Good luck getting him down for a nap later.”
Pushing open the doors to outside, he fumbled to find his keys in his jacket pocket. Several trucks were parked at the back of the gravel lot, and Dean had almost reached his when he heard someone call “Hey!” behind him.
"Same here," Castiel sighed.
Dean finally met his eyes. Too earnest. “That won’t happen. It won’t. You’ll get through.”
“Calm down, Dean. I didn’t mean to stress you out. We have plenty of time.”
Maybe it all started that first moment he saw Cas, maybe not. He didn’t believe in love at first sight, but when he remembered seeing Cas for the first time, he remembered loving him. Maybe, now that he loved Cas, he couldn’t see him any other way.
All that had been lost to him—until now.
Baby had been his home for years. He'd learned her nooks, her curves, how best to settle on the benchseat and tuck his jacket against the door to wake without a crick in his neck.
“No, see, that’s the thing—” Benny stopped Dean with a hand on his elbow and Castiel tuned back into their conversation. “You’ve been gripping the blade all wrong, like this.” He demonstrated, swinging his own blade in slow motion.
Alright, maybe Sam’s fears that they’d fuck up this playdate weren’t completely off base.
Benny laughed at him. “Gotta to get all this shit off.” He scrubbed Dean’s shoulders, and Dean washed off his own arms.
“Nah,” Dean said. “We’re the best.”
“Best it’s gonna get,” Dean said, testing the water. He flicked water at him and Castiel forced a smile, helped him out of his shirt.
Cas rubbed at his forehead. “Dean, we’ve talked about this.”
“Why, Castiel,” she said, gazing around the room. “What a lovely home you have. I have to say, though, I didn’t expect you to live underground.”
Benny kept saying.
He wanted directives, but the other angels would rather smite him than welcome him again into their fold. Here, at least, he had a mission, one as familiar as the rasp of his blade dropping from his sleeve. Had staked his life and reputation on one solemn duty: care for and protect the righteous man.
Something seemed vaguely familiar about the man’s walk and, as he neared, Castiel realized it was Dean, the driver he’d shared a room with outside of Kansas City. He hadn’t seen him since then, nearly three months ago, and though he stepped out a little from the wall, he hesitated to say hello, unsure if Dean remembered him, or wanted to.
