"Good luck. With everything." Mycroft says, before taking up his phone to call the PM.
Walking out in the direction of the meeting room where the surveillance material was set up, he quickly asks without stopping, “how? What happened?”
"Only one year... And I am a man! I am the one who is supposed to --" but John's light banter halts as his eyes fall on the most beautiful man he ever saw. He was tall, not overly tall but way taller than him, thin but with an energetic look, a mop of black curls all over the place because of the wind...
Can he hold him like that???? He’s a teacher ewwwwww gross #KingsCollege
"Read the post-scriptum!"
"Yes, of course."
A hand on his shoulder pulls him out of his trance. A man,
Sitting at the bottom of the bed, Mycroft opens the first file, not acknowledging the subtle 'you can go now' "The kitchen? What gave me away? The odour of coffee probably... Anyway... this one look promising! It's dating from 1975, the biggest disco ball in London disappeared in a dance floor full of partygoers and nobody saw anything..."
5 seconds later, the site was on his browser.
Good man! With a live feed? GL
"Are you -"
Looking at his whiskey, he raises it in Sherlock memory, murmuring sadly "And to think that two of our friends were in a more important relationship than I have ever been so far. Without even being honest enough to admit it to one another. So sad. Don't you think, Mike?"
A minute or so later, his fingers were still holding the ring without being able to get the courage to get it out. And his shoulder was starting to ache a bit.
"When did he come back?"
p.s. But if he misreads the situation and you are seriously wishing to learn more about him, meet him December 31st at midnight, under the London Eye. We will find a way to get him there ;-)
"Never said I was 'nice'..." Frowning, Sherlock looks at the doctor with dispassionate eyes  "So... good day then. Have a nice life."
"Oh... "
Look at your right, Doctor Watson, third floor of the building across the street. A CCTV camera.
Proud of herself, the pathologist replies "I did it!"
Message(s):
“You don’t know him... McAlister, he’s the devil... You don’t want to go against him!” The sound of a bag being dropped on one of the table echoes in the otherwise empty room. “Here’s the next delivery, do as you told and everything is going to be fine.” After a pause, where probably both men simply challenge the other, Watson and Sherlock catch the unmistakable rustle of the exchange of money. “Listen to me, don’t do something stupid or you are going to end up dead.”
"I was furious when I learned about Sherlock being alive, the nerve of the git..."
"Yes, right before the beginning of the fireworks."
Not knowing how to close the deal, he stands back a bit and winks. "The name is Sherlock Holmes."
"Of course it wasn't pleasant! I wasn't there to do everything for him!" John laughs, even if concern about Sherlock starts leaking into his indignation at the sadness in Greg's voice. The vision of Sherlock, hurled on the church's floor, not moving, not even trying to protect himself...
Weeks later...
“Why the exam then, if the threat to his reputation was enough to get him on board?” Lestrade asks to Sherlock’s annoyance.
, but the look on Holmes’ face was priceless. “Have you told him the fact that you’re a drug addict as well?”
“Sorry... but it’s true. You are not stupid; the man was a jerk.”
He stayed in his place until the end of the ceremony, when he saw his brother discreetly walks to join Molly and Greg.
Without watching the beautiful fireworks.
John’s exasperation quickly rises now that he knows that the ‘kidnapper’ wasn’t a drug dealer and that his life isn’t in any danger.
I think it is so cute for your sister to --
Sherlock, not wanting to hear anything else, turns the communication device and – after sending a quick text to Lucy to postpone their meeting - he mutes his phone. Breathing slowly, he forces himself to walk calmly as he exits the building, his hands slightly shaking.
"Yes, it's going to be interesting..." John replies politely, not acknowledging the beauty of the woman as he used to do.  A cute woman joins them a few minutes later.
“You know what I mean...” the vampire stuttered, on edge, “you’ve seen all my flaws, you know that nothing good can come of it!”
“Even if he was drunk,” Alan smirks as his girlfriend smacks him playfully on the arm.
He was about to mutter a non-committal ‘not my area’ when the side-door opens.
He frowns, a bit lost.
"It must be worse than I thought if even you are asking forgiveness... twice." John jokes darkly. He was on the verge of turning on his heel to leave them to their secrets when Simpson runs towards them.
His aversion to Professor Holt makes him want the pompous arse to be guilty, but he needs proof! He was nearly there, he knew it! The number of emails that Holt and Smith exchanged was abnormally high, compare with what the other students exchanged with him during the same period. It was apparently innocent, talking about research and so on, except for the high number of emails.
“No! You need to bring it to me –“ the noise of someone taking the phone stopped his sister’s supplication.
Rolling his eyes, the detective laughs. “Pressing charges? If everyone pressed charges every time someone acted like a complete and utter moron, the courts would be overrun with idiots.”
Except that gititude is not a word. SH
“What?”
Sherlock chuckles as if it were possible for a Holmes to not go to a boarding school, and shrugs, “I was homeschooled until I was twelve, then was sent to a boarding school.” The goal was to help him to socialize but... “The same place my grandfather, my father and my brother attended. But he was already at university when I arrived.”
“I am a famous writer,” John joked, trying to put the spotlight away from him, “I am happy.”
Thinking about the state of his brother when they opened the cell - sickly thin, broken, staying up only because of the chains that were attaching him into the ceiling, the quantity of blood, urine, and vomit on the floor - Mycroft was once more possessed by an uncontrolled rage. The satisfaction when he heard the sound of the deflagration that destroyed the compound was his only comfort
He is about to simply walk away when his phone vibrated, thinking that it was William, he grabs it quickly.
The enthusiastic constant gibberish in the background of his mind finally stopped as his ‘friend’ halted in front of a door, switching back to English in regard to his visitor.
Unable to stop himself at this point, Sherlock raises his hand while pushing away the voices in his head that were hissing
“Don’t worry about me, it’s your day! Is everything going as you want? Kristin is happy?”
"You heard him, he doesn't want us to do anything, Molly..." Greg is at a loss for words. "Anyway what can
He was ashamed but unable to stop his thoughts!
pocket, John..."
"Yes, of course!" Removing his coat he sits near the pathologist. "This is going to be fun! But we must be as honest as possible! We don't want the man to be disappointed when he talks to Sherlock the first time! And maybe after, as we are going to be experts after this, we are going to find someone for each other." They both laugh, maybe a bit sadly perhaps, before they start exchanging ideas.
Dreamily, John sighs, as he finally admits it. "Yes, it was."
"That's... good. Yes, really good," Sherlock full of assurance and now sexy as fuck voice said, "can you do...
“Do you have a girlfriend or a boyfriend? If not, I’ve got a few friends who are willing to pay me in pints for an introduction!” Grinning, he didn’t realize that his classmate had frozen next to him.
He was just leaving the ballroom when a voice interrupts his steps. “Sherlock!” The detective turns on the spot as Mike was running after him, heaving a bit. “Sherlock, wait!”
“The right-hand man of the dealer was there for a few minutes then left,” Mycroft replies to Greg’s question. “Then, Sherlock tries to get out discreetly to follow him but the... student that harassed him a few days ago – the man we now know has a part in all of this – spotted him.”
Hope.
That he could imprint the feeling of Sherlock on his skin.
Sherlock nodded. “I’ll work on it.”
His fingers had begun stroking his inner arm and wrist to emphasize his point.
“No, it is,” John replied, nuzzling his face into Sherlock’s palm. “We’ve only just really started being intimate and I know that you’re not comfortable yet.”
That’s when Sherlock, seemingly unconsciously let his arm flop out, his open palm staring up at John. The doctor’s sad smile quickly became an amused one.
His thoughts raced back to the box hiding in his pocket. He had to do it tonight. Before he talked himself out of it.
*********
There was no need for any explanations.
John felt the beginnings of a fire crawling up his neck and into his face.
Sherlock deserved better. Better than a man who suppressed his feelings. A man who left him behind to pursue a fantasy he could never embody.
“First, you kiss me in front of Greg. You’re drinking and now you’ve swept me off my feet. You’re just full of surprises today, aren’t you?”
Sherlock seemed to be feeling the names on his tongue.
John squeezed Sherlock’s hand back. “I want you to do it for you.”
If anyone had asked John what it felt like to look into Sherlock’s eyes, John would swear, under oath, that it was like being transported to another world. His eyes were simultaneously chaotic and stormy, piercing you with a simple stare. But they were also calm and peaceful.
Lestrade nodded sympathetically before pulling John into a bone-crushing hug that John didn’t know that he needed.
“John, please. I need to say my piece before I lose my nerve.”
“Honestly, John” Sherlock murmured. “As a doctor, I would have thought that you’d see the danger of smoke coming out of one’s ears. Is this really what your brain gets up to?”
To quote Mrs. Hudson, it was all so domestic.
Every instinct in John’s body told him to leave. That there was no way he could reason with him when he got like this. But Sherlock’s barely repressed shaking and glistening eyes broke his heart.
It was bonding.
John couldn’t help but laugh, despite the chill running up his spine.
John nodded. “It’s vastly new territory. There are a lot of things to explore. And I want to explore them with you. Together.”
Sherlock turned around from the fridge. John's voice was dangerously soft.
“As do I,” Sherlock murmured, embracing John. “Happy anniversary, my doctor.”
“But I have been less than perfect. I pushed you away to follow a fantasy. I allowed someone else to break me. And I hurt the man that I love in so many unspeakable ways. You deserve someone to match your intelligence, your wisdom, and your massive heart. I want to be the man that you deserve, and I will work until the grave to prove it to you. Because despite what I’ve demonstrated, I choose you. I choose you every time. So, William Sherlock, will you make me the happiest man on Earth and marry me?”
“Fantastic now that you’re here,” John murmured once his lips were free. The two men’s hands found each other and were quickly intertwined.
“Do you know why I brought up the stag night?” John asked, running his index finger across Sherlock’s cheekbones. Sherlock shook his head.
The next few moments were filled with the most blissful silence, except for the sound of the violin pushing and pulling through the evening sky. Almost like it was stitching something together.
John would have preferred it if Sherlock had screamed at him.
“Sherlock never made me feel that small,” he whispered. “Well, not all the time.”
John smiled softly. To quote Mrs. Hudson, it was all so domestic.
He then cupped Sherlock’s face in his hands and pressed their lips together. Sherlock hesitantly let his mouth move with John’s for a few moments before gently biting the doctor’s lower lip as they separated. John was relieved to see that Sherlock was smiling.
John heard the challenge. Placing his glass precariously on the barrier, he clapped his hands around the detective’s face, forcing the latter to look at him.
From his peek into the living area, Sherlock was absorbed in staring at the ceiling. Praying that he was in his mind palace, John snuck into the kitchen and slid the box out of the jacket pocket. Gently squeezing it for luck, he put in into his trouser pocket and walked as firmly as he could back into the living room.
“You know that I love you, right?”
Seeing that he’d stung Sherlock, John found Sherlock’s hand and interlaced their fingers.
“Yeah,” John replied. “Yeah, it’s currently in my pocket.”
Sherlock walked closer to the table and picked up one of the plates that was almost overflowing with noodles. He looked up and locked eyes with John for a brief moment. To Sherlock’s shock, John doubled over in another fit of laughter.
“Do you?” Sherlock asked again.
That he could photograph this entire evening.
John’s fingers had now made their way behind the detective’s head to gently stroke his neck.
Sherlock's usually pale cheeks were now flushed pink.
Sherlock smiled. “Yes, John Watson. I will marry you. I will be your husband.”
John made a dramatic demonstration of stretching before sliding his hand underneath Sherlock’s and intertwining their fingers. He ran his thumb up Sherlock’s, marveling at how slender and beautiful his fingers were.
“I spent a lot of time trying to teach you how to waltz. Care to show me if you still remember?”
“To us,” John said. “Happy anniversary, Sherlock. I hope our weekend is perfect.”
“But I started realizing that I had a…curiosity. For companionship. And that slowly escalated into a curiosity about…physical intimacy.”
“One hundred percent?” he asked. He sounded like an uncertain child.
John, who had opened his mouth to ask that very question, closed it. He nodded for Sherlock to continue, relieved that the detective seemed more like himself.
“Oh! Before I forget….” John took a lighter out of his pocket and lit the two candles that sat on the width of the table. John quickly caught a glimpse of Sherlock’s soft and awestruck smile over the candlelight.
How Sherlock had almost walked out of his life to certain death for the third time.
“Well, now that all of that emotion’s been dealt with, would you mind if I showed you something?”
John thought that his heart could burst from sheer love. But before he could come up with something clever to say, Sherlock raised his head and kissed him. Grinning into the kiss, John slipped his hand onto Sherlock’s face and reciprocated.
“I assume you’ve been indulging, given the bottle here and the set table outside. Therefore, I deduce that you’re nervous, for some reason.”
“I knew in that pool,” John murmured to the empty field in front of him. The exact moment he knew that he loved the Baker Street detective.
Sherlock’s face quickly relaxed in relief. He set down the bottle as John walked up to him. When the pair met, their lips connected before their hands did. John linked his arms around Sherlock’s neck while Sherlock’s hands wound around John’s waist. The kiss was slow and deep, almost wanting to make up for their time apart.
The heartbreaking violin notes pierced the sky and immediately John felt his throat tighten. Sherlock reached out his hand.
Sherlock, in turn, took John’s hand and kissed it. “I do. Believe me, I do.”
He didn't need to be told twice.
*******
He wanted the anniversary night to be perfect. Because if Sherlock turned him down…
“Christ, I love him,” John thought, feeling a smile slowly spread on his face. This made Sherlock’s eyebrows furrow in concern.
“I hope you like it,” John said, grabbing his chair and pulling it up to the table.
John was quickly yanked out of his negative self-talk. Sherlock’s blue eyes were soft, admiring and….
"H..H..Hello Abigail," John stuttered out. "It's John."
“Have you been working out?” John asked.
“Come on,” John said, clapping Sherlock on the shoulders. “Let’s go inside. With our luck, the roast is now ashes.
Thoughts of Mary entered his mind. She had saved him from the edge. But he had been miserable with her.
Despite the tears and sniffling, Sherlock’s eyes had brightened.
“As fate would have it, I’ve been given a second chance at making a vow, and I intend to make true on it. If you’ll have me, I’ll spend every moment that I am breathing protecting you and making you happy. I love you more than words could ever properly express. So, since this is how people do it, will you marry me?”
“Of course,” John said.
Sherlock’s smile was small and soft, but it was believing. John leaned forward and kissed the detective’s forehead.
And, despite it all, John managed to find new ways to fall in love with Sherlock every day. So, after three years, John decided that he needed to ask the question. John didn’t know how to share his life properly with anybody else.
Sherlock let out a sad laugh.
“That’s because I just cleared up most of their cold case files,” said Sherlock.
But none came.
John gave a tight smile and nodded at Angelo who grinned knowingly in return.
The sound of an explosion and silence.
Downstairs, the melody drew to an end.
...but it was all in vain. Sherlock shut the door again to Hope's utter delight.
‘So,‘ he began teasingly, ‘what’s the story?‘
Lestrade's mobile buzzed again.
Of course, he had a firm grasp on anatomy, biology, chemistry and physics to the extent it applied to the field of medicine. Certainly, being curious by nature, he enjoyed dabbling in other subjects. He was fond of astronomy and had used this inclination more often than he would like to admit to charm his way into someone's bed. There was something undeniably smooth about sneaking one's arm around the other's shoulders whilst explaining the Kinematics of the Earth rotation and what it implied about the visibility of constellations.
‘What can I do for you, gentlemen?‘ He seemed to finally take in their dishevelled states and gave them a knowing grin. ‘Ah, on a case, eh? About time you came back, Sherlock. This city has been a right mess in your absence.‘
The report could wait.
An hour later, he was in one of Saint Bartholomew's hospital's labs when, for the second time in his life, his whole world decided that it was imperative to revolve around a pair of clear eyes.
Indeed, when orders were delivered to the tent of the late operative where John was still looking for the creature responsible for the tragedy, a mistake happened, and he allowed it to. That might have been why the following day, Captain John Watson found himself escorting a press mogul to a meeting with a prominent figure of the Taliban along with five other soldiers that may or may not have been special ops. Three years on the front had taught him to obey first and ask questions later if he still wished to know by then.
Across from him, a woman was patting the back of a man who was silently sobbing about a 'Colonel Moran'. John surmised it had been one of the two casualties.
Not to be distanced, John's eyes bore the same ecstatic glint. The detective grinned as he accelerated. Their attacker ungracefully took a sharp turn. He was avoiding staying in shooting distance, Sherlock concluded. Suddenly, the gravel shifted to grass that got taller and taller, making running more strenuous for everyone but John who leapt over the remaining distance between them and their target. In a blink, he propelled himself forwards and onto the suspect. A cry of shock tore through the night, and the man was tackled face-first into the ground.
He had made it, finally.
“Of course. Child’s play,” he lied glibly.
'I won't even ask what's going on, tonight has been the weirdest night of my life.' he chuckled.
‘It's also closed.'
“Understand that you have made powerful enemies, Captain. You might walk out of here alive, but your respite will not last for long.”
‘Next time, then.‘
‘I see.‘ John looked thoughtful, the candle flame reflecting in his eyes. ‘On your own?‘
She checked the time on her watch.
“Police! Move out of the way!”
Sherlock kept his mouth shut doggedly until it dawned on the inspector.
The sneer on the man's face made him doubt he had not spoken the last question aloud. “Do not concern yourself with such matters, Captain. They are safer than you. In your place, I would rather work on learning to keep my mouth shut than exhaust my feeble little mind with such
She schooled her features.
John licked his lip in consideration and broke the silence.
Sherlock was able to see his every pore, could read the brand name on his glasses, count the threads of his moth-eaten cuffs, but
The detective plunged forward in a heartbeat, flat on his stomach as a crashing sound resonated in the building. Whipping his head around, he came face to face with a man armed with a baton and a gun at his belt. His assailant raised his weapon once more, but John was faster and tackled him to the ground. However, the soldier was not quick enough to avoid the next blow that landed across his jaw. He swore loudly as the man extricated himself from under him and elbowed him in the ribs. In a last-ditch effort, John tried to grab the man's sleeve, but his fingers only seized air as the criminal fled the scene.
he ordered his mind.
‘Terrible sense of humour, that one.‘ The words had escaped John's mouth, but they seemed to have the desired effect of distracting the detective who frowned at him in confusion. ‘Yeah, you know...Pigs, coppers…‘ He waved his hand in front of him as though indicating the officers bustling about. Silence fell inside the ambulance.
“It’s genius. I know ’ow people think.”
John looked away, gritting his teeth. Spotting a blanket thrown haphazardly on one of the armrests, he put it over his new flatmate with a defeated sigh.
‘Yeah, I was wondering the same thing.‘ The voice of Greg Lestrade made them jump. The DI had snuck in from the blind spot of the vehicle and was now crossing his arms sternly. ‘Especially the part where Pearson got shot and later died of cyanide poisoning.‘
“Of course you don't,” he hissed before stomping away. “Congratulations, Captain Watson. Consider this your welcoming party.”
‘For God's sake, John…‘ Sherlock began to giggle and John promptly followed. It morphed into outright hysterics when Lestrade inquired as to the source of their mirth.
'John Watson,' he said as his heart skipped a beat when the man accepted his offer with a soft grin.
“You don’t wanna phone a friend?”
Sherlock chuckled. It was a sharp sound that almost seemed accidental. ‘Fine,‘ he sighed dramatically, ‘If I must.‘ Taking out a few papers, he began to read. ‘Derek Pearson, 24. Already known by the authorities following several acts of vandalism and disorderly conduct. Ran his inherited family business into the ground and was forced to sell. Combine that with his ideology, and he became the perfect pawn…‘ Sherlock had stopped reading and was now staring into the air. ‘He cannot have carried this out on his own. The operation might have been mild, but it was intended as such. What truly mattered to his "sponsor" was the message…‘
“What should I do with you, now, huh?” He examined the gun in mock concentration. “I bought your services with the assurance that you were the crème de la crème. And what did I get for my troubles?” He put the cold barrel to her forehead and her breath hitched.
The state of his boots lent credence to his theory. Well worn. He had been the one who ran the farm. He struggled and the detective caught sight of his fronts. His right arm was soaked with fresh blood, undeniably because of the bullet John had put there, whilst his apron was stained with brownish splatters.
Sherlock spotted John reaching for the inside of his jacket and freezing in his peripheral vision. Irate at this hesitation, he rolled his eyes. ‘Now would be a good time to make use of that gun, don't you think?‘
Time was meaningless in his state. He had no idea whether years or a couple of minutes had passed when footsteps brought his focus back for a split second, and it was gone again.
'Only birds?'
'… Now, I understand that you may have forgotten what polite company is, but for God's sake, if one of you starts behaving like a baboon in heat, I'll make you clean the entire camp with a toothbrush once we're back in Kandahar. Am I making myself clear?'
‘Shut up.‘ he chuckled as his fingers ripped on the plastic clasp. ‘I can't take that off with you making me laugh. Start setting up the table, instead.‘
“Definitely. The gun.”
His mobile buzzed angrily, as it had incessantly done from the instant he had closed the door, but it had been silent enough to be ignored. Just some background sensation, irrelevant data in the whirlwind that was the game.
He looked out the window, losing himself in the night sky.
They climbed the seventeen steps up to their flat, shushing each other's giggle as they went up in a futile effort not to wake Mrs Hudson. Once they crossed the front door, they rid themselves of their jackets and half-sat, half-collapsed on the floor at the feet of the sofa.
Why was he here? Why had he been tasked with that escort in the first place? The more he thought about it, the more absurd it seemed. Those were clearly part of S.O. Forces. He was simply a military surgeon. He had seen his fair share of the battlefield, of course, but still.
He lowered the pill again, holding it at eye level, his consciousness lost in a familiar fog as his synapses prepared for the shot.
His companion knocked and took a step back, hands joined behind his back.
'In that case, right ahead, lads. And for the love of all that his holy, behave!'
What had he expected, anyway? He was to be sent back to Kandahar in a couple of hours. What would he have done upon reaching the young man?
commonly known as the deathstalker, intent on making it its dinner. Therefore, the scorpion had followed the graceful Lepidoptera inside his tent.
Then, a toothy smile, the floor, a door bursting open, and the collective scream of thirty trillion cells, all melting together and whirling before his eyes as he gasped for air.
Of course, he had been right.
‘Is that what you do, then? Running after criminals, almost getting yourself killed...?‘
“Who’d be a fan of Sherlock ’Olmes?”
What John Watson also did not know was what this particular butterfly did next. It was probably suffering from a bit of jet lag because upon leaving his boot, it decided to fly to the tent of an operative charged with a very specific mission. That operative, for his part, was unaware of two facts:
“You ready yet, Mr ’Olmes? Ready to play?”
'Blimey...' he muttered.
'You don't seem very frightening.'
'Oh, just an interested party...' the man looked at his feet, 'Though I would appreciate if you were not. I do not doubt you will find a dancing partner amongst our fine guests.'
‘Right pocket.‘ he answered in a voice that rang foreign to his own ear.
Suddenly, the faint sound of metallic strings caught his attention. His gaze landed upon the small stage across the room, and his breath caught. Musicians, an orchestra, tuning their instruments, nothing remarkable at such an event, really. Usually, he would not have taken a second look. But this night was anything but usual, wasn't it? And his blasted look had chosen to lock on one of the violinists, his opinion about it be damned. Beautiful fingers from one ivory hand were plucking delicately at strings whilst the other held the instrument against a slim chest. John felt his mouth go slightly slack and tried to look away, but it was too late. The young man raised his eyes from his instrument, his dark curls sliding along his pale forehead, and caught John's stare. It might have been a second, or an eternity. All John knew at that moment, as clear eyes became the centre of his world, was that he was done for.
'So,' he began, 'Who's that mysterious stranger of yours? Will we have the pleasure to see him around?'
The man arched an eyebrow, seemingly amused.
Sherlock's gaze fell to the bottles, his eyes moving from one to the other.
'It could be.'
Mycroft Holmes, for his part, was not known for such blunders. By the time the British Government was made aware of the confusion, John had already been standing guard outside the enemy's base for an hour. Observing and aware of being observed, he was tense. In retrospect, it may have been his saving grace.
The man sniffed contemptuously.
John raised gingerly to his feet. His front was now covered in dust, but he could only think of the absence of the characteristic sound of the violin that had ruled his evening. Surely, he had not left, had he? As soon as the officers gave him the go-ahead, he hurtled down the stairs, still feeling their suspicious gaze. Finally, he arrived at the scene. But upon closer inspection, he felt the bottom of his stomach drop.
‘Oh, all right! When I came back to get you after Lestrade's visit. The bulge under your jacket was quite obvious.‘
To everyone's surprise, John and Sherlock, especially, to say the least,  it went spectacularly well. They quickly fall into a sort of routine. Cases, eating take-out, fighting over body parts in the fridge and the curious case of the vanishing milk... John was blogging like a madman, trying to keep up with their crazy life.
He clears his throat and asks quietly, “A discussion about?”
"Twice?"
- when someone clearing his throat brought him back. "Oh... Lestrade. Do you need something?"
I am, of course, aware of my brother unusual display of sentimentality, Gregory. MH
(See the end of the chapter for
His heart was pounding and his whole body was hurting, the effect of the paracetamol had long worn off since his last dose. Repeating constantly like a mantra
"Darling, don't push him." Clara murmurs, "he'll know when he's ready."
“I am a vampire.” Sherlock interrupted as if it was the ultimate deciding factor.
Busy as hell right now, sorry for the long delay and the shorter chapters (if you compare with my other fics.)
December 24
"Okay... But I don't understand what wrong to let chance do its thing." Clearing his voice, he starts over again "Sleepless at Yaverland. Man, in his late thirties, looking for a man or woman. Single for too many years, mainly because of time abroad for work, I am now ready to open my heart and soul to someone. I used to live in London, and I am dying of boredom in the middle of nowhere. Will you be the one to give me a reason to get up in the morning? To move on? I love good simple food, walking and observing nature, my work is important for me. But above all, my mind is looking for peace. So, what do you think? Do you want to be my safe harbour?" Unable to restrain himself, Greg starts laughing. " Poor man, this is dry as --"
Not knowing why, Sherlock walked purposely in the direction of the back of the pub, eyes locked on the blond man’s ones.
“Officer! This man needs to go to the hospital and –”
"Is it still raining?" letting go John's hand a second, he pushes his wet locks away from his eyes with a sweet smile. "John... I've loved you since the first second my eyes fell on you."
Chiding herself about being too obvious about her little scheme, she quickly singsongs out "No, no! Just had a good shag last night and I slept suuuuuuper well so I'm really relaxed!"
Doctor Watson,” rolling his eyes as if the mere concept of interrupting a lecture to say something that wasn’t a hard-cold fact was ridiculous, “but if you want
“Have fun, Holmes, I’m kind of sorry that I won’t be there when they arrive.” He smirks, “a bit sad that I won’t be able to see your humiliation when your good friends from the Met are going to find you trussed to a bed like a little bitch.”   He promptly put his things and paper in a bag, “and don’t worry about the drugs. The fun is over, and it’s served its cause. It’s over.”
"And?"
“No, maybe a TA or a post-doc student at Kings. Face is a bit familiar, nothing more.”  Suddenly thinking about the other prisoner, he point a door far away in a corner, “they have someone else in a –”
“No, no, Angelo, listen to me!”
Feeling for the envelope in his coat pocket, he squinted his eyes to read the address, “yes, got something in the mail from Colombia.”
"Oh. My. God. Maybe it's going to work!" Greg, after shooting an admiring glance at Molly, reads the paper again.
"But I am ready now to let someone in, as I think that the addition of someone in my life is going to complete me as a human being. Even if of course each human is whole on their own and not
But I do need one. SH
! “Mike, not you, too!”
Until the door opens magically.
Flabbergasted by the turn of the discussion, the doctor put his pint down, “no, this is ridiculous! And why the Hell would I accept something that crazy!”
December 24
Seriously, the pathologist replies, "certainly, he shouldn't be alone!"
Her boss isn’t really listening to her reply, his eyes still glued on the small screen.
The detective was about to leave his brother's office when he calls him back. "One last thing, Sherlock?"
The London Planetarium is a part of Ms Tussaud 'attraction park' and is not showing astronomical show anymore but 3D film. The real planetarium in London is now in Greenwich.
“Oh,” his cheeks turning red as they stopped in front of the ancestor of condoms, he joked, “that’s good then, you are only 3 years younger than me!”
McAlister, still angry about the way Sherlock turned him down twice, spits loudly enough for John to hear, “and what was the plan for Watson? He was only a pawn to get info from?”
(See the end of the chapter for
"Oh my God!" Molly was holding her phone, trying to stop herself from screaming of joy!
“I’m not worrying, what a arse!” Looking in the mirror, she sees that her date was screaming and raising his fist in the air. “He’s really angry...”
Don't worry. I will never talk about this again. Love you Johnny.
Mycroft, if it was possible, suddenly hates the woman even more.
.. Most of the pods, each one able to hold 25 people, were already full. Usually, each pod is emptied at every complete thirty minute rotation, but as tonight is a special occasion, the people were staying inside many turns so to be there for the fireworks.  Wondering when it's going to be their turn, John turns to Anthea to ask the question, not realising that an empty pod was slowly arriving.
Suddenly rightfully angry at the man he had been day-dreaming of every time he wanked for nearly two years now, John wasn't able to keep up a facade. "Don't you dare '
Sherlock was walking along the Thames, not wanting to be at his flat. The temptations that were so readily available to him were not conducive to staying clean in his current mindset.
“Are you... are you...” Sherlock stutters and definitively blushing, wanting to know if John was in the same disposition of him without being able to ask frankly.
“But... no... YOU are perfect.” Sherlock murmured, surprised that the smaller man was now directly in front of him, separated by merely a few centimetres. Unable to stop himself, he pressed a small kiss on his head, leaving his lips in his hair.
"Yes but..." his voice drops down a notch as he moved closer to Mycroft "He doesn't know about Sherlock, he's still in love with him! I am sure of it."
"John!" She finally saw him and jumps into his opened arms. "I am so happy, I've missed you so, so, so much!"
"Yes, fine." He summoned what he thought was the sexiest smile ever. "You know... got to get the man."... and he promptly crashed on his friend's shoulder.
“No, no... God... I don’t know why I dated that man. The first few times we went out, he was nice. In a traditional-woman's-place-is-in-the-kitchen-romantic kind of way.”
John smiles, “a friend of yours?”
"Yes... sorry. I... I not good with these things and..." He pauses, looking away, before stuttering out, "it's my fault, I shouldn't have come to the church. I'm so sorry that I ruined your wedding day." He turns and attempts to make a beeline for the car when John's hand on his shoulder stops him.
Sadly, John picks up his cravat before mustering a smile that they both know is fake. "Being with Mary is the best thing that ever happened to me." He pauses, looking at his reflection in the mirror. "I love her and she loves me. And she wants all this, being a couple and everything, with me. I couldn't be happier."
"Watson." He starts walking back to his home to get his things. "Yes, Ms. Gallagher, I'm coming. Just keep putting a cold cloth on his forehead until I arrive."
“Maybe, but he’s under my... my responsibility.” Rubbing his temples as to chase the sentiment away, he waits for Mike’s verdict. “He’s... he’s so beautiful, Mike. I’ve never seen a man so pretty, but pretty in a man way, you know. Strong, agile, tall, but not bulky or anything.” He sighs, his thoughts turning back to the time they spent in the closet. “And he smells so fucking good, and his voice... God, I nearly came just by hearing his damn voice.”
"I don't know." The sound of the detective's voice was now partially lost as his arm was now covering his mouth.
“I bet you have plenty of story from uni to tell us…” someone shouted.
“He will never be there in time!”
"Yes, we waited - without knowing it - for too long...."
"I won't talk to you about Sherlock... don't even try." The doctor was clinging to his wife like a lifeline.
"Read that!" She quickly pushes a sheet of paper in Greg's direction and waits a bit before she adds with a smug, "what do you think of THAT?"
"Come on, tell me --"
But he knew that it was more than that. So much more than that. Opening his closet, he sighs at his limited options.
"Maybe, but you didn't see him after your death, it was really pathetic. Poor man." Keeping her gun fixed toward Sherlock, her second hand was now holding a bottle of pills. "The press was after him 24/7... it was madness."
“Twitter!” Donovan sputters, “it was on Twitter. He read the first line on a public screen at Kings than walked away. He’s been walking since then without taking his phone out.”
"Sherlock? I'm starting to --"
, when a presence in front of him, as well as the silence around him, were finally enough to break him from his nearby trance state. The class was empty, beside him and Watson who was now sitting on the desk in front of Sherlock’s. Waiting for the young man’s attention.
He sighed deeply, happy that his novel was over. It was probably going to do great, as usual, but it was getting... kind of boring. His free time nearly one hundred per cent dedicated to writing, it was getting harder and harder to find something exhilarating to write about. The few non-earth-shaking dates he went on did nothing to rock his world.
“Gallagher, what the Hell are you doing here!” The doctor murmurs angrily before voices coming from the outside force them to remain silent.
Greg smiles and sits at the table. "No, not really..." Taking off the tea cosy, he replenished Sherlock's cup and serves himself "it's just that I was wondering. --"
"I won't inflict myself on anybody right now..." The doctor replies before changing the subject back to their classmates and how the world is changing far too quickly.
“Call all of our cabs needed to cover the different exits at the South of the park. They must stay there, ready to go!”
Once Mycroft had left his room, the detective fights his constant exhaustion and opens his eyes. Willing his body to obey, he sits and turns slowly before placing his legs over the side of the bed.
“You were talking about the drugs, about the deal, in a park!” The other voice replies with authority, “totally unaware of that teacher behind you!”
Later, a bang on the metal bed frame is enough to chase any remnant of the sedative. His head pounding because of the drug and the loud noise, Sherlock looks at the man in front of him.
But the few times he tried to say a word about his fiancée, Lestrade clearly stated that he would not accept any ‘deduction, psychic or parlour trick’ against his charming Kristin. The fact that they had known each other for barely two years wasn’t enough to tame the feelings of the amorous policeman, feeling lucky because he had finally found the perfect woman!
A year or so later, John wasn't so sure anymore that everything was going okay.
John was walking behind the man he, until a moment ago, thought was an adventurer known as William.
Sometimes I can stay silent for days. SH
An evening in 221b… (part 1)
Hello?
A happy buzzing fills the little church as the wedding march begins, announcing Mary's entrance.
LOL, we'll see.
Do you want an epilogue with what is happening after?
"When you find the real one, everything becomes magical." Her eyes were full of sparkles as she looks at Harry with a big smile.
“It was way more powerful that he thought...”, the TA murmurs, more subdued now that he knows that everything was discovered. “He was afraid of the risk of overdose and long term consequence for users. He threatened to tell, and to stop producing the drug.”
, John gets in the car without a word.
His mind now full of non-PG feelings, John smiles and replies with a sulky tone, "yes, darling. Anything!" Before adding with a little chuckle, "except getting milk, this is your time!"
Feeling a bit bad, he tried to cheer her up, “you are in perfect shape, Ms Maxwell, you are going to outlive all of us!”
His knees shaking a bit with anticipation, he wasn't able to resist when Sherlock says 'please', he walks in direction of the kitchen absorbing the scene in front of him. His boyfriend is uncustomarily wearing a black jacket instead of the usual robe he wears over his clothes when he's at home.  Licking his lips, John's eyes follow the opening of the midnight blue shirt, knowing perfectly what was hiding under. The alabaster skin of his torso, the perky pink of his responsible nipples, the dozen scars on his back, proof that nothing can keep them apart! Proof that Sherlock will always found a way to get back to him... Now near his lover, John softly strokes the wonderful curls, still surprise after all this time that he was allowed to do so, and murmurs "What do you
“It’s Dakha, and as the People’s Republic of Bangladesh used to be a British colony, I think that most of the moderately educated British citizens should know that.” Everyone turns towards the door where a frowning Mycroft Holmes is standing, as regal as if he was on his way for a meeting with the PM. He smiles coldly. “Or perhaps you asked a rhetorical question? I never know with idiots... DI Lestrade, a word please.”
Looming over the smaller man, the detective murmurs in his ear, "I know that you are a former captain of Her Majesty's Army, that you have a psychosomatic limp, that you are a great doctor, but a better human being, that an isolated life isn't for you but that you are perfect for me. And I want to be the man who's going to help you see the beauty in the stars again..."
A little spark appears in her eyes and she smiles.
"You did all that, really?" Greg was astonished. "Never thought you had it in you to--"
In the first chapter, I’ve said that Sherlock used to go to King’s College, I’ve changed it because it was impossible that no one remembers him! So, he went to Oxford instead, the posh git!
"No... Got to pee first. And after, Sir, ” With a wink, he pushes his finger in his friend’s torso “we're going to bed."
naked Sherlock.
"Maybe," he replies, his voice full of doubt.
"What?"
I'm pretty bored of being bored to death myself.
A flash and he’s in the little military hospital, fighting the pain, fighting the nurses, angry but resilient. Cold. Dead inside.
(A week after the wedding)
He is about to check his emails when she frantically enters the room.
"Why do you want me dead? I'm not a threat for your life with John, he clearly doesn't want to talk to me anymore -"
“No, Sherlock, it’s
The church was suddenly silent. The only sound audible was Sherlock light sobs as John leaves with his wife. "I shouldn't... Oh God... I spoiled his day, I want to go home now, My'... not your place. Home."
- calls him from the kitchen table.
"What? I'm a little bit confused..." Looking at the statistics at the bottom of the page, he read that Sleepless@Yaverland as been already contacted by more than 100 interested persons. Greg was looking at Molly, nonplussed."Are people so desperate? And I seriously don't think that kind of man is right for you --"
(See the end of the chapter for
After many delightful minutes, partygoers catcalling them sadly broke the charm. Smiling like teenagers, they both walk away quickly, holding hands.
Back in his bed, more than 15 minutes later, he was panting, exhausted and ready to faint.
Who are you? SH
“Yes, sorry, I’ll leave you alone for a moment. One of Juan’s men just told me that dinner is going to be in half an hour.” Without another word, the detective walked back to his room.
"It's the man in front of me right now in the rain..." He tilts his head back, letting the rain washing away his doubts, his pain, his errors...
"Hey, don't say things like that..." The man sits at the end of the bed, patting John's feet. "At least you know where your man is! You just have to patch things up and you're good to go!" Not realizing his friend's look of panic at being called on something he thoughts was his secret "... and you know we tried so hard that I don't think that we are going to be really happy if you muck up the chance that you have to start over."
Reply (2)
… But he was blatantly unaware of his good qualities. Of how he impressed by his high moral code, his brilliant mind, his cat-like sexy attitude that transcended all his moves... “I’m trying to get a flatmate to get out of the dump where I’m living, and they all run after 5 minutes! Imagine getting someone to pledge his whole life to me when I can't get a random bloke to spend a year with me with the incentive of a low rent in a central London flat!”
The detective discreetly starts the recording device that he slipped on that morning and smirks.
A few days later...
Stunned, Sherlock's eyes flickered a bit before he utters.
It's just kind of useless you know. SH
After all, he was a self-declared high-functioning psychopath.
"Won't it be full of people at that moment, with the celebration and all?"
John sighs silently, looking at his beer.
Suddenly in front of each other, in the middle of the teeming crowd, the vampire was finally able to add more data to his analysis.
“I’m undercover right now, for a case, you know, so tonight you don’t know me, okay? Don’t call me Sherlock!”
His voice altered by emotions, it was the doctor turn to murmur, "what?"
“Watson, wake up,” the man shouted, his luscious lips indecent in the scene of horror surrounding them.
"Sherlock, how is he?"
His mind suddenly stops churning as nothing was more important than absorbing the sight of the thousand little lights visible between the buildings. He feels himself start to relax and opening his phone again, before he can stop himself, he types out:
“I thought we agreed to not drink anymore,” John said.
John couldn’t help but smile.
The flash of worry in Sherlock’s eyes warmed John’s heart, the alcohol notwithstanding. John went ahead and snuggled his head into Sherlock’s neck.
John watched as Sherlock slowly relaxed his curled fingers and watched his brows furrow in curiosity. John smiled softly.
“I guess I didn’t say anything wrong?” Sherlock asked when both men were able to speak.
John laughed. “Well…. if you insist.”
“Yes, everything’s alright,” Sherlock said. “It’s just…I…I wanted to…”
"Would today at three o'clock work for you?" replied Abigail.
“I don’t see why not,” Sherlock agreed.
John gladly complied. As he watched Sherlock walk back into the house, he knew that his mind was about to process what just transpired (and improperly, at that). Thankfully, Sherlock re-emerged carrying his laptop before that could happen. In his very Sherlock way, he looked up just long enough to acknowledge John’s raised eyebrows with a smirk before placing the laptop onto the table and fiddling with it.
There was a slight pause before a distant, “Thank you,” floated back.
Lestrade nodded. “I understand. But if something comes up or you need anything, anything at all, call me. I’ll come up.”
Sherlock roughly pushed past John to grab the bowl and bag, unceremoniously tossing them back into the fridge. The heat in John's head was now a small blaze in his hair follicles.
“Sherlock, please look at me.”
The look in Sherlock’s eyes was one of defiance. “I want to learn now.”
His look then turned conspiratorial. “Have you got it?”
Sherlock took a shaky breath and angrily rubbed his eyes. Adjusting the towel so that none of his lower body could be revealed, he turned on his side to fully face John. He was still hugging the pillow.
"Believe me, I have Mycroft for that! Besides, I know how much it strokes your tiny ego,"
So much had happened.
Sherlock’s subsequent gasp and shudder immediately disconcerted John. “Do you want me to stop?”
“John Hamish Watson…. You have been my best friend and my constant companion for all of these years. I was lost, broken and impossibly alone. When you came along, you brought a shining light into my world. You taught me that it was possible to trust and love other people. I know that I am difficult and intolerable to live with, and I will never understand how humans fully work. But you have accepted me for every flaw and mistake and trauma that I have put you through. You have made me a better person to the core of my being, and I don’t want to spend another moment walking beside you, calling you less than my soulmate.”
“He deserves better than me,” John whispered.
“I’ve listened to your beautiful and wise thoughts for so many years. I’m allowed to focus on something else now and again.”
“Did you enjoy that?” murmured John.
“I take it that it means you miss her?”
“But it sounds like you think about her, as well,” John murmured. “I don’t blame you…”
“You thought of everything,” Sherlock said.
As the credits rolled, John’s body felt warm and comfortably gelatinous. He looked down and was startled to see Sherlock’s light blue eyes looking up at him. Sherlock blushed but didn’t look away.
The blue shirt that John had peeked at earlier was closer to a navy blue. The sleeves were rolled up and the first three buttons were open, revealing his neck and collar bones. He was wearing his staple black trousers, but they were so perfectly fitted that it outlined his lower body to a T.
“Was that alright?” the doctor asked.
“Don’t worry about falling asleep. I’ll turn everything off after.”
“You cleaned up pretty well. Not to mention that you smell fantastic.”
“John,” Sherlock said suddenly, making the doctor jump. “Can I talk to you about something?”
“Stop!”
The two men shook hands before Lestrade turned on his heel and walked back to his car. John waved after him, absently and dissociated.
“I love you too," John said. "And we have time to figure out the configuration of our names.”
Not a word left Sherlock's mouth. The detective just pointed towards the kitchen. Confused and more than a little stunned, John rose from his chair and walked over to Sherlock. The detective was angrily pointing at the counter where a bowl of eyeballs and a bag of various fingers sat idle.
“But it never made sense to me. So, I threw myself harder into my work. I focused on keeping myself as over-stimulated as possible.”
That was the straw that broke the camel's back.
“Even if I resort to YouTube and novels for tutorials on sensuality?” Sherlock asked.
“I do,” he said. “I do it for you.”
As John hung up, he heard rustling behind him. He turned around to find Sherlock standing there, wearing nothing but their bed sheets wrapped around his waist and a smile.
"Ummm... yes. That's perfect. Thank you. Thank you so much."
He punched in the number on his phone and put the device on speakerphone. He didn't realize how hard his heart was beating or that he had begun shaking until a voice on the other end of the line spoke.
Sherlock pulled his face into a pout before making space for John. The two sat there in silence, Sherlock’s head resting on John’s shoulder as the two held hands. John began to silently pray.
Sherlock flung himself back onto the bed, angrily pulling a pillow into his chest. He seemed to be putting all of his energy on staring at the open door, almost willing it to move.
“Food’s here,” said John, through hiccups of laughter.
A few moments of silence passed as Sherlock slowly stroked John’s hair. John felt so overwhelmed with love for Sherlock’s innocence and protective nature that he would have been content dying right here.
“And, for the record, if smoke coming out of people’s ears was a legitimate issue, I would have found a solution years ago,”
The heat of the morning sun on his face is what woke John up. He slowly blinked his heavy eyes until they became used to the surrounding shapes and forms of the room. It took him another moment to process that the weight on his chest was Sherlock. He looked down and felt a smile begin to etch itself into his face. Sherlock was still sound asleep, his unruly curls a pool across his profile. John gently brushed them away from Sherlock's face, so he could look at the detective's face. With the worry lines in his forehead relaxed and his eyelashes resting on his cheekbones, he looked at least ten years younger. He looked so....
Sherlock laughed, a light blush adorning his cheeks.
He thought back to the first time he laid eyes on Sherlock at St. Bart’s. How this cold, mysterious, beautiful man had deduced his past before he opened his mouth. How he’d agreed to be flatmates with the stranger. And how the whirlwind cases that would follow would inevitably change his life.
John separated from Sherlock to lean against the counter, never letting go of Sherlock’s hand.
John laughed with mock offence, “Alright then, Mr. World Renowned Consulting Detective. Care to elaborate over a drink?”
“I’m surprised he was able to keep it a secret from both of us," John said, wiping his streaming eyes.
The salad was prepped.
His voice began to crack. He exhaled roughly and continued.
John set the dishes back down on the floor and it began.
“Don’t apologize,” John said. “We won’t rush anything.”
“I would have finished them, but Greg threatened to have me escorted out. I wasn’t in the mood to fight today.”
But the look in Sherlock's eyes...
“John, you’re my doctor and my partner,” Sherlock said, kissing John’s forehead.” “I want us to be properly united.”
“Are you just going to stare at me like some sculpture?”
The end of the song was a few bars away and John knew what was coming. He unstuck himself from Sherlock’s chest to make sure that he was looking in his boyfriend’s eyes when it happened. And Sherlock’s mischievous eyes were asking him, “Are you ready?”
Sherlock was silent for a moment. He seemed too enthralled in his glass to make John comfortable.
“I was busy," Sherlock said between bites of salad.
Sherlock looked up, tears still lingering on his lashes.
“Oh, my God…” he murmured.
John felt Sherlock’s hand slide onto his knee and gently squeeze.
After paying the delivery man, John brought the food back into the kitchen. As he emptied the boxes into individual plates, he couldn’t help but let his gaze wander towards Sherlock’s study. He could picture it perfectly. Sherlock in a crisp, white shirt (despite being in the house), bent over a microscope. His blue-green eyes would be narrowed in concentration as he quickly made calculations in his head.
“The man should be spending his anniversary with his partner, not at Scotland Yard,” Lestrade said, coming around from the driver’s side. “Unfortunately, he’s never known what was good for him.”
“Talk to me.” John said.
“W-what?” John asked, not sure he’d heard right.
Heartbreakingly human.
Sherlock’s voice remained quiet, but it wasn’t angry or hurt. John downed his drink so that he wouldn’t have to look at his boyfriend’s gaze.
"Excuse me?" John asked, leaning against the table. Now the heat was rising into his head.
With that, the detective raised his glass, and John clinked it with his own.
John laughed against Sherlock’s cheek before moving onto the detective’s sharp jawline.
“What…what was that?” he gasped.
He couldn’t go there.
After a few seconds, John was able to compose himself.
Sherlock nodded, his face slack with shock.
“Uh-hmm,” Sherlock agreed. “And I’d be happy to recite the dialogue to you backwards,”
Chuckling, John tweaked Sherlock’s exposed ear, earning an amused whine of protest from the detective. He then smoothed back Sherlock’s hair and kissed his forehead, allowing his lips to linger.
“That’s better,” he murmured. John gave him one last peck before climbing off the chair.
John wished he could frame it.
His free hand had fallen to his jacket pocket, reminding him of the box in there. He prayed to whomever that Sherlock hadn’t heard the small crack in his voice. But the detective clinked his boyfriend’s glass with a steady smile.
“Feel that?” he asked.
*******
“Come on,” John murmured. “I’ll clean up and then we can get back to bed,”
“You’re in a good mood today,” John said, approaching the car.
The hands that had composed and performed this very song on his wedding day.
“I can’t say that I’m interested in…sexual acts. I don’t see the appeal. But I do crave being closer to you. And I feel like I’m disappointing you.”
The detective quickly wiped away the tears that had escaped his eyelashes.
Sherlock looked up at John. He started lifting his hand, stopped and then forced himself to raise it again until his fingers melded around John’s cheek.
Today was the day. The day that would change everything for them. John could feel beads of sweat sliding down his back. Refusing to change his clothes for the third time, John walked out of the cottage and onto the balcony. It was a sunny day with a light breeze blowing through the open field. John could not have been more grateful.
Sherlock sat hunched over on the side of the bed. John reached over to put his hand on Sherlock’s back, but the detective launched himself off of the bed and bolted out the door. The bathroom door slammed. As soon as he heard the shower turn on (and judging by what he had felt between Sherlock’s legs) John could deduce exactly what he was doing.
The next step in this dance occurred as Bond was racing down a mountain on skis, with criminals in hot pursuit. His hand still in John’s gentle grasp, Sherlock rolled over onto his side. There were now only a few inches of mattress between them.
“You got your turn. Now it’s mine,” John said, his voice temporarily steadying.
“I’m…I’m sorry,” Sherlock murmured, sliding off of John’s lap.
John paused to look around them. A small breeze had started blowing again, gently pulling the grass and trees with it.
“Christ knows, I wouldn’t want to,” John stated to his hands.
John couldn't help, but smile, as he quickly rubbed his sleeve across his face. "Let's say I have a pretty powerful motive."
The refrigerator was stocked, and the table was set.
"Oh, those!" John said. "Yeah, I moved them there. I didn't feel like having them near our food,"
“What’s so funny?” asked Sherlock, his eyebrows furrowing in confusion.
And John almost fell over upon seeing him.
Sherlock shrugged. “I do take breaks while doing cases...mostly when I’m bored.”
"No problem, John. I'm very glad you're choosing to seek help."
Awestruck.
After the events of last night, it was the greatest blessing John could hope for. With all the agility and dexterity he could manage, John extricated himself from Sherlock. He sat on the edge of the bed, letting his fingers gently pull themselves through Sherlock's curls. Pressing a quick and gentle kiss to Sherlock's forehead, John padded quietly out of the room and into the kitchen.
John slipped his fingers onto Sherlock’s cheek, stroking the striking cheekbone there. Sherlock leaned into the touch almost eagerly.
John reached over and softly pinched Sherlock’s cheek. When the detective opened his eyes, John opened his arms and invited Sherlock into his side. A grateful smile came over Sherlock’s face as he allowed John to collect him into his arms and place his head in the crook of his neck. Wrapping his arms around Sherlock, John allowed one of his hands to run through the detective’s fly-away curls. He used his other hand to gently rub Sherlock’s arm.
“When the hell did you do this?” John murmured.
The movie tonight was
"What I'm saying is... I really need to talk to you, Abigail,"
John was humming to himself as he put the kettle on the stove. It was their nightly routine (had been since they started living together). John would put tea on the kettle, order Chinese food and then the two of them would snuggle in Sherlock’s bed room to watch Bond films. Of course, if Sherlock got bored, he would pull his facial features into a pout and wait until John noticed, and then they would watch something else. Or they might just spend the night talking.
“I think you should,” said John, surprised that those words were able to exit his throat.
“Well, I’ve been…studying. Public displays of affection seem to be normal amongst humans. Is that…right?”
It took a moment, but the two men were soon looking into each other’s eyes.
Serenity.
“You didn’t process a damn word I just said, did you?” Sherlock asked, a subtle hint of annoyance in his voice.
He put down his glass and firmly walked over to Sherlock’s side of the table. He immediately sat down in Sherlock’s lap. The latter seemed surprised, but he gladly accepted the gesture.
Sherlock’s fingers were shaking, almost fluttering against John’s neck. But with the back of his hands cupped reassuringly in John’s, the detective began unbuttoning the shirt. With John’s shirt now fully open, the detective was free to admire his torso.
“Well, you would need to disembark from my lap first,” Sherlock said, running his hands quickly up John’s legs.
John furiously shook his head.
. The only sounds besides the movie was the slurping of tea and noodles. This ritual of theirs was probably the highest level of self-care that John had ever offered himself. And although he would never admit it, it was the same for Sherlock.
“That’s not the only thing that you were clearing,” John murmured.
Two sudden crashes startled both of them out of it. The two looked around wildly before noticing the various shards of glass in the grass, glinting in the setting sun. This caused the duo to dissolve into laughter, their foreheads connecting in the process.
“I want to make you feel safe. I want you to feel comfortable saying no to me and telling me when you enjoy something. I’m not going to mock or invalidate you,”
“Are you happy?” he asked.
Sherlock continued his tentative exploration of John’s chest, abdomen, arms and shoulders. Their lips only ever parted for a few seconds to catch snatches of breath. The tether between them refused to be broken.
The doctor smiled and edged next to Sherlock. Despite some minor clumsiness, Sherlock pulled John into him, wrapping both arms around him. John snuggled into Sherlock’s chest, one arm resting on the detective’s lower back and the other on his right hip.
John started feeling tears welling up in his eyes and he could only nod. He reached out and grasped Sherlock’s hand.
Sherlock nodded. “Affirmative.”
“I’m sorry, love,” John murmured. “I didn’t mean to overwhelm you. I should have been more aware that you were uncomfortable.”
“Nothing,” John said. “Just… I haven’t drunk this much in a while. Easily since my stag night,”
Another special thank you to EVERYONE who read and commented. It warmed the little cockles of my heart to know that people were touched by my words <3 <3 <3
It had just been a run of the mill argument. Nothing they hadn't gone through a million times since they became flatmates. John had been sitting in his chair, blogging about their latest unsolved case when the door separating the sitting room from the kitchen slammed, almost making him drop his laptop.
“That sly fox…” the detective said, pinching the bridge of his nose.
John let his fingers massage the back of Sherlock's neck before pulling him in for a kiss. They let their lips linger in its embrace before separating. The kiss felt different... more solid...
John’s look of surprise must have been more visible than he thought. Sherlock immediately softened.
That was the correct answer because Sherlock relaxed into him. The two men let time stop as they embraced, feeling safe and scared to lose the other.
Sherlock sighed and sank back against the pillows. “One last thing?”
Sherlock turned his gaze down to the mattress. He tried to say something and stopped himself multiple times.
When John Watson of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers came out, Sherlock knew better than to argue. At least, not right now.
“Let me guess, it doesn’t exist?” John asked.
“No, it’s alright,” Sherlock said, looking up at John. “I…I’m glad you brought it up.”
“Well, whenever your alcohol levels go above zero, you tend to get busy. You’re not exactly subtle about it.”
John slipped his fingers around the detective’s face and pulled him in for a kiss. A kiss so hard that John worried that one of their teeth might break. Sherlock’s hands around him were so tight that he worried his ribs would give way. But the kiss itself was soft, gentle and deep. It lasted for what felt like hours. As often as the pair had kissed, John felt like it was the closest they had ever been.
His rich, baritone voice sent pleasurable chills up John’s spine.
Sherlock barely finished his sentence before a sob escaped his lips. John was fighting every impulse in his body to pull his detective close to him. But he knew that Sherlock wasn’t ready to be touched. He bit back his tears and nodded.
“Good luck, mate,” Lestrade said, clapping John on the shoulder.
“Yeah?” John asked.
"What?"
As John took a sip of his drink, he watched Sherlock gingerly sip at the whiskey. He started to chuckle.
God, he had the most beautiful laugh.
Despite the heat, Sherlock was wearing his signature coat. The buttons were open, revealing the blue shirt he was wearing underneath. He looked relaxed, smug, and satisfied.
Sherlock looked smug, visibly preening a bit. “It’s not finished, unfortunately. But soon, I hope.”
The shock is wearing off, and John abruptly starts laughing. “I’m up for a
“Oh? I hope it’s an activity that involves fewer clothes.”
John kissed him, briefly. “My genius pirate.” He turned back to the table, scanning the other parts of the collection with interest. “What’s this?”
Sherlock hand moved of its own accord to pick it up. He flinched when he saw the name UNKNOWN again lighting up the screen. It was Sebastian.
“Oh,” Sherlock nods. “Of course. Er… here, I’ve got them with me.” He reaches for his old bag and rummages through it a moment, extracting a thin spiral-bound notebook and handing it to Molly. “You can just give it back to me in lab tomorrow. I won’t need it this evening.”
The sun rose bright, sending streaks of golden and vermillion and orange in bursts across the sky. The sparkling waters of the ocean reflected the orb a thousand times over in miniature. The skies were clear of clouds, turning lighter shades of blue by the second. Aboard the
“Hardly,” Sherlock replied. “I am no hero, and certainly no angel.”
I’d like to be allowed to see everything you are, John thought.
"I know I did too," Sherlock smirked. He wrapped his long fingers around John's calf and squeezed lightly. He yawned. "Doesn't mean this wasn't a stressful week. I had four thousand words to write in total for my essays, three exams to study for, a case to solve, and to top it all off, I barely saw
“For you,” Sherlock points out. “I’m not there, remember?”
Sherlock bit his lip. "Later?" He wanted today to be good.
“Come on,” Irene said, squeezing her shoulder. “It’s over now.”
John laughs. “Sure you do.”
Sherlock raises his eyebrows. “Do… do you really want to hear?”
The sociopath part of him was crying out for him to stop all this, but for once, Sherlock did not listen to it.
She titters, and John starts chatting with her, and their words wash over Sherlock. But he does not hear them, not really, as his attention is fixed on his own fingers interlocked with John's.
Sherlock’s cerulean-and-steel eyes sparkle in the dim light. “So do you. Which reminds me—” He pulls back far enough to discourage further kissing, at least for the moment. “I don’t think you should read any more reviews of your books.”
John stared at the ship, with its terrifying size and black sails, and glared.
The other man nodded, swallowing. “Yes, I-”
“Don’t sound so surprised,” John laughs as he rises to his feet and strides into the kitchen.
, out of my head.”
"Yeah, but… maybe it's sort of early to be talking about...
“It’s how he wants it.”
“Ugh, this stupid draft,” John sighs and digs his fingers into his temples.
John sighs. “Are you sure? Your monosyllabic answers are telling me otherwise.”
It was not an unexpected request. Sighing, Sherlock pulled out his mobile, unlocked it, and pulled up the text thread with Sebastian. John flicked to the top and read, eyes blurring slightly as he scanned the messages. Sherlock fiddled with a loose string on the edge of the sofa, waiting.
John barked out a disbelieving laugh as Sherlock parked in front of their flat. He left the keys in the glove compartment, a gesture to which his companion answered by raising his brow questioningly. The detective shrugged, causing John to shake his head with a chuckle.
“Which one would you ’ave picked, just so I know whether I could have beaten you?”
'Stamford. Mike Stamford. We were at Bart’s together.'
He stopped in his tracks. The man was lying on the sofa, immobile, seemingly asleep. John crossed the room to reach him and confirmed his assumption. Sherlock had dozed off in his clothes, his mobile in his right hand. His shirt was creasing in a way that would make ironing it incredibly tedious, but his usually tense features were relaxed. It felt like intruding on an intimate scene, a private moment he had not been meant to witness.
It was exactly as he had left it, bare and impersonal, safe for the duffel bag partially shoved under the bed. Yet, it felt warmer and more inviting than anywhere in the world at that instant.
He was drowning.
Sherlock felt his face burn. He had not intended for his voice to be so loud.
“Still just chance.”
They whipped around to the source of the noise whilst the dancers giggled at the interruption. John's heart fluttered once more as he saw him. The young violinist was red in the face and glaring murderously their way. It took John a second to realise that it was directed at the stranger and smiled to himself as he slipped away, taking advantage of the change in opponent. He gave his target a small bow with a flick of his hat as he ran to cover behind a pillar where he mentally mapped the best route to the scene. He was halfway there, he surmised. He grinned as he saw that the violinist was still distracting brolly-man. He traced the way with his gaze. A set of stairs led to a balcony that he could cross to reach a second staircase that opened next to the scene. Resolved, he took off at a brisk pace as Waltz no 2 began.
The detective frowned, trying to evaluate whether this was part of his game. “Who would sponsor a serial killer?”
“If I remember correctly,” he went on, pulling harshly, “I am the one to thank for your precious secrets not reaching unwanted ears, aren't I? And how do you thank me exactly?” He let go of her scalp and put a hand on his heart, playing hurt, before turning his back to her in a twirl. “Oh, that's right! You let the FUCKING target get
“For every life I take, money goes to my kids. The more I kill, the better off they’ll be. You see? It’s nicer than you think.”
'Fuck off.'
She crouched over him, and he understood who she was despite her face being out of focus. His target.
He did not trust himself to answer. It was a gamble. One chance out of two.
Ice ran through Sherlock's vein. With shaking hands, he promptly let go of the man who fell limply to the ground and stumbled backwards, almost tripping as he did so. His ears were ringing, but he heard John swearing loudly. Vision blurring, he stared as the doctor manoeuvred to make the convulsing shape spit the capsule.
Tailing him, they arrived at a door. A green sign indicated that it led outside. They paused and Sherlock counted to three with his fingers whilst John got into position.
Sherlock mumbled something unintelligible that the doctor chose to interpret as a goodnight.
“I know a real gun when I see one.”
Clear eyes and dark hair flashed before his eyes, and before he knew it, he was sliding between an overweight member of parliament and a lady who surely had seen both world wars. One, two, three. Moving in time with the crowd, John could almost see his goal. There, he could spot a head of brown curls swaying in time with the waltz. He felt a grin split his face. Finally, he was almost there... Until he felt his hat being knocked out of the curve of his arm by what he could only assume was a stick. Swearing under his breath, he crouched to retrieve it where it had landed, several paces on his left but was thwarted by fabric whipping his face and someone stepping on his hand. With a small yelp, he lost his balance but was rescued by a mysterious hook around his arm which dragged him away from the offending couple to the wretched headwear. John grabbed it hastily, before rising, clenching and unclenching his throbbing fingers. His respite was short-lived, as he found himself face to face with his saviour. The man was tall, hawkish and seemed quite aware of those facts as he loomed ominously over him with a predatory smile, resting his weight upon an umbrella, of all things.
His pager pinged, and he sighed as he reached for it. There was but one person who had access to this communication channel.
“You’re not bored now, are you…?”
Indeed, John had to admit that it was gorgeous. White marble on which the light from crystal chandeliers reflected after diffracting through the diamond-like ornaments, colouring the columns and the air, making it vibrant, dream-like. He, on the other hand, felt utterly out of place, cramped in his shiny boots.
Red tainted his vision and, before forming any coherent thought, he had leapt the few feet separating him from the man. His fist connected with his jaw with a loud crack. The man swore and threw his arms to grab him, but John was faster and kicked him in the plexus before decking him violently against his knee. The offender collapsed unconscious at his feet, but John was already checking the teenager for injuries. He removed the gag from her mouth. Her face was bruised and wet with heavy streaks of tears. He opened his mouth to ask her what was going on, but before he could get a word out, two figures armed with guns had materialised behind them.
'Oi! You can't be in here!'
might have repercussions far graver than the death of a handful of soldiers, Captain. You have no idea of what your actions have and will cause.” Reaffirming his grip on his temper, the official turned his back and sighed once more. “I am afraid I cannot let you simply walk away, now.”
What should have been a relatively peaceful evening ended with the death of a soldier despite the Medical Officer's best efforts. It may have been the guilt, the shock, the incomprehension, or a mixture of the three, that lead to the debacle that followed.
The detective jumped to his feet, offering a helping hand to his unfortunate companion. ‘Think you can keep up?‘ he asked in a rush.
John nodded and hauled himself up, accepting Sherlock's offer.
He was in free fall and he revelled in it. The violinist was beautiful and it took everything in John not to march right up to him and kiss him. Yet, he could not bring himself to move. He was frozen in place, frozen in time. Fortunately, the other man did not seem to suffer similar affliction and, a few strides later, they were face to face. That was when John realised he had gone into this without a plan.
“Everyone’s so stupid – even you.”
‘Come on, now.‘
A sudden clearing of a throat startled him out of his misery. His head shot up and he almost burst out in a bitter fit of laughter. The man with the brolly was sitting next to him, rotating his umbrella on his point like a spinning-top. He cleared his throat once more, not sparing a glance for John as he inspected the fingernails of his free hand. Ignoring the floored man next to him, he began to talk, his tone careful, as if weighing his every word.
'You two know each other?' Mike asked upon witnessing the awe-filled silence that had fallen along with a pair of matching disbelieving smiles.
He took out the capsule and held it between his thumb and finger, raising it to the light to examine it more closely.
“Don't sulk now, I was careful. Know that if I had wanted you dead, your pretty face would have a hole in it.”
Grunting, he flopped on the mattress, covering his eyes with his arm.
“Blimey…” John muttered. He exchanged a gaze with his companion. She nodded and went to fetch her colleague whilst John carefully went down the first couple of steps. They were halfway down when they heard the piece of furniture being dragged over the entrance.
God, the officers had been right to be wary of him, hadn't they? Fallen... What a load of codswallop. Coming back had truly driven him off-kilter...
“You know, when I bother to travel to a
‘You sure? We are playing cards downstairs with some friends. We'd love to have you.‘
Sherlock laughed, burning the tip of his tongue as he took a bite from his dish.
Fifty kilometres away, Rosamund M. Jones and Colonel Sebastian Moran were receiving a similar welcome.
‘I suspected as much.‘
For a moment, it was. It always was when taking a plunge. Ten, twenty, forty, eighty seconds went by, and Sherlock almost smiled, but as he took a breath, pain shot through his body like a bullet, and he fell to his knees.
John sniggered. ‘Yeah, tell me about it.‘
'Sherlock Holmes.'
Nonchalantly, the cabbie lifted the pistol/cigarette lighter and released the trigger. The flame went out. “None of the others did.”
“Well, which one, then?”
They had been flying for hours and the sun was rising, its still faint light setting the horizon ablaze. The desert would soon escape the biting cold of the night. In a couple of hours, the air would become searing once more, the sand scorching beneath their soles. It had already started, judging by the condensation forming on the window.
The cabbie opened his bottle and tipped the capsule out into his hand. He held it up and looked at it closely whilst Sherlock examined his. Pristine. Completely devoid of relevant information.
Sherlock gave him another one of his mysterious smiles that should have been infuriating, but that John was starting to grow fond of, and walked away from the main entrance to an adjacent alleyway.
“What if I don’t choose either? I could just walk out of here.”
Sherlock grunted, unwilling to move. He grabbed the bags and rummaged through them, getting a set of wooden cutlery and the candle out. ‘Unnecessary,‘ he remarked as he leaned over the tea table to retrieve his lighter, ignoring John's interrogating look, and brought the flame to the wick. Handing a set of utensils to the doctor, he laid the food out in front of them. Lasagna, two peach and almond crostata, and a bottle of Barbera.
He let his thoughts run wild as he prepared for sleep, deciding that a shower could wait until morning.
'Bloody finally, bollocks almost froze off...' Murray swore, earning himself an elbow in the ribs from John, 'Look at you, three-continents bastard,' he whistled mockingly, 'You reckon you can pull in those, eh, Doctor Love?'
Sebastian Moran would not bother them again.
And their life could finally move on.
“Not at all,” John beams up at him. “Why don’t you sit down?”
Sholto raised his eyebrows. “You think of them as your family?”
“And why didn’t you do this before?” John asked.
He raised his eyebrows. “How so?”
He chuckles and waves his hand toward the novel, which Sherlock has marked up a bit with a few sticky notes and dog-ears. Before Sherlock can respond, John slides closer, picks up Sherlock’s hand, and kisses his pale knuckles. “And what did you think?”
“Are you mad?” Sherlock threw his hand off. “We’re nearly there!”
But Sherlock darts for the bookshelves, laughter bubbling involuntarily out of him as if from a burst tap. John cries out and moves to intercept him. A brief, giggle-ridden struggle ends seconds later with Sherlock pressed between John and the shelf, his wrists pinned shoulder-level against the wood.
have done.”
was barely visible now, most of it below the water’s surface, save for the tip of the foremast. John grimaced at the sight and turned away. “Your choices are to cooperate here, or swim to port!”
The kettle whistles shrilly, so he hurries to take it off the heat, then rummages around for mugs and tea bags. He is just starting to think about popping downstairs to get breakfast from the café when there is a cheery knock on the door.
“Okay.” John removes his hand from the back of Sherlock’s neck, though not before one last kiss to his cheek. “I’ll text you the time and address for the signing, yeah?”
was destroyed, along with the leadership of the NOTP.
John took a deep breath. “I will not tell you anything.” He would not give a scrap of information to any pirate, even to handsome ones with sultry voices.
New Year’s Eve arrives with its usual air of anticipation. Everyone buys obscene amounts of alcohol and plans raucous parties. Sherlock is glad school is between terms, as he does not fancy hearing all about the insanity his fellow students are getting up to.
“You can’t deduce it?” Watson’s laugh was mirthless.
You hate them as you hate Father Christmas.
, he thought. So when his opponent’s toes shifted, John leaped to the side and brought his sword forward.
A doctor stood over him—doctor, obvious from the scrubs, he wasn’t quite
A woman not much younger than Sherlock emerged from the pirates’ midst. She strode up to John and his small group, then bent over Sholto’s back.
, the Dutch ship, or Sherlock from his mind.
“Now, where did you see him? I’ll see what I can do to trace him. You’ll also need to give me your phone so I can check about using the number to find him.”
He sighed. Molly wondered what he was doing - was he pacing back and forth in the tiny space? Was he perched on the edge of Watson's desk? Was he kneeling at his feet, clutching his hands?
“You look ready to burst out of your seat, John,” he says.
Movement. More cuts, skin splitting as his body was pulled along the ship.
The abrupt regression to formality shocked John as much as if Sherlock had hit him across the face. He pressed his free hand into his thigh and nodded. “Right. Well. Goodbye then.”
John swiveled his head. Most of his crew was dead, but he now saw a few who watched him. Some had feigned death as John had, others were injured and bleeding enough to appear deceased without trying. And they watched him. Their ship destroyed, their friends killed, and they still looked to John for leadership and guidance.
John turns to face him, surprise springing to his face, but Sherlock plows on, “We had an anatomy class together our last year before going to uni. He was less moronic than the rest of my so-called peers. We went on several dates, if you can call them such at age seventeen. They mostly consisted of pretending to study in my bedroom but actually snogging.
“I’m not going anywhere with you.” John’s fists clenched at his sides. How could he have been so stupid as to leave his flintlock at home?
Again, thank you so much for reading, everyone!
No one replied. He crossed his arms and held the gaze of each sailor in turn. “That is an order. Am I understood?”
John shrugs. “Part of it at the end there. Who was he?”
poems, about and for this man.
However, there was only so much he could do.
“Let’s go, boys!”
“And who might you be?” Moriarty presses.
(See the end of the chapter for
“-haven’t been around, and-”
“Of course I won't,” she said. She hesitated, then laid a hand on his arm. “Your secret is safe with me.”
Sherlock shoots a quick, apologetic glance at John before turning back to her. “Where were you yesterday? I had to fend off Sally by myself.”
The pink in Sherlock’s cheeks intensifies at the touch. “Well… I don’t know about that. You mentioned you did research by observing at Scotland Yard once, didn’t you?”
“Sherlock,” John cuts him off firmly, though he smiles, “you don’t have to defend your gift. It’s… well, honestly
John snickers, his countenance declaring, somehow, that listening to Sherlock is the most interesting, splendid thing he has done in a long time. As if Sherlock’s opinions are the most stimulating opinions in the world. “So you don’t mind if I, oh I don’t know, end sentences with a preposition?” He is beaming. “Or split my infinitives? Or ignore parallel structure?”
“Alright then, I believe I’ve had enough alcohol for this. So what so-called classic Christmas film are you making me watch again?” Sherlock sets aside his cup, then stretches out on the rug. He pulls a blanket off his chair and drapes it over himself and John, then settles his head on John’s shoulder.
He slid off his dark glove and proffered his bared hand to John. “Mycroft Holmes.”
John glanced back around to find Sholto staring at him.
“John!” The call makes John spin around, seeking the source of the familiar voice.
“Don’t,” Sherlock breathed, and Sebastian let out a horrible laugh.
“Well, that’s good to hear.” John tries to resist preening at the compliment. After the bad reviews, he could use some — any — validation.
She shook her mousy head. “Not at the moment, but you are correct in that he needs rest. All your men likely do. If it is alright with you, Captain, I will go topside and see if any of them need medical attention.”
“Hi,” Sherlock says as he reaches the table, then hesitates, as if unsure if he is allowed to move forward for a kiss, especially in this public setting. John does not allow himself to equivocate, though, and pops up on his toes to peck Sherlock’s shapely lips.
He chuckled. “Probably. He’d do well to come topside soon, though, and help us prepare the crew.”
Sherlock met his gaze. He appeared earnest, open. “Of course it is.”
“Nonsense.”
“Well, what then?” Sherlock frowns.
After working his way through each segment of the citrus, Sholto appeared to feel better, if a bit embarrassed. John waved it off and retrieved them more substantial fare.
“What—” Sherlock starts to ask, but John leans down and plucks a large gift bag out from under his chair.
He’s used the word “love.”
John sighed, leaning into Sherlock's side. "We were, I'm sorry. I just want to be clear with you. Other than that first kiss - which I'm still sorry about, by the way - I won't kiss you, or... anything, unless you specifically ask you to."
“How did you know they’d continue to attack us?” he demanded, keeping his head as low as possible to avoid injury.
John stammered. “You…?”
Sherlock followed him down to the Tube, where they tucked themselves into the corner of a crowded car. John seemed to hate the close proximity this forced them into, and kept shifting his stance and grip on the pole they both grasped so as not to brush against Sherlock’s hand.
John, for forgetting about him in his extreme dedication to his work?
They fell into silence up on the deck, holding each other's gaze. Sherlock looked drained, exhausted, and to John's surprise a jolt of sympathy rose within him.
“Information,” the man replied in his smooth voice.
Sherlock shook his head, then glanced around. London stretched out before them, but this was the tallest building nearby, giving it an isolated feeling. “How long have you been waiting up here?”
John nods along as she speaks, still smiling. It's the smile he used at the other book signing, where Sherlock met him. It's the smile that made Sherlock want to open up to this man, even though it was a bit terrifying to do so. It's the smile that the characters possess in the books now, in his mind’s eye.
