A sickening snap was heard through the room accompanied by a groan of pain. The asset spoke, "If you do not wish for Hawkeye to die a painful and horrible death, you will call for S.H.I.EL.D's Director Fury and his partner, Phil Coulson.". " Idiot, " Tony sneered "Coulson is dead, he died in the Battle of New York." "negative, " the asset replied "Phil Coulson is alive and well. He commands a small but elite team of agents on the S.H.I.E.L.D aircraft dubbed as 'the bus'. The team consists of specialist Grant Ward, scientists Leopold Fitz and Jemma Simmons, Melinda May; known as 'The Calvary', and Skye; a former Rising Tide hacker."
I don't care if it's a lie
Flashback to eight months ago
Don't hate me.
'Cause I might break
I can't lose another life
The asset projected a live feed of Coulson. "Can't believe you lied to us, Skye! I gave you a second chance, and you used that chance and our trust to go behind my back?" "Coulson, please I-" "I don't want to hear it. May, take her to the cell". " Please! Just listen I can exp-!"
There is only so much liquor can do to numb the pain. Most of the time of them being together, Tony didn't drink. Steve hated the way Tony drank himself into oblivion, all to numb himself, and to chase away his demons. Steve made it his job to take care of Tony, and to let him know that he was loved. But without Steve here, Tony was in an abyss of alcoholism, hatred, pain, and despair.
"Sir?" FRIDAYS voice rang through the room "Director Fury is on the line for you." Tony gulped the last of his scotch, and slightly slurred "Put him on." Fury's face soon filled the screen "Stark," Fury stated "I have a mission for you if you choose to accept it. The mission is very dangerous, and the percentage of possible death calculated is 70% we-" "I accept," Tony interrupted "What?" Fury asked, "I haven't even given you all the details yet!" "I accept," Tony stated in an emotionless monotone. Fury seemed to be debating behind his poker face. "Alright, I will have Agents Romanoff, Barton and Rogers debrief you on it." Tony's back stiffened at the mention of Steve. "Sir," he stuttered "there is no need for so many agents for a simple debriefing, at the most, only two shall be needed."
Was hoping you'd come home
Steve's breath caught in his throat.
I should know, but it's cold
And even though they were in the same country, never had they felt so far apart. Like they were separated by worlds. Like they were galaxies apart. Like an infinite sea separated them.
Isn't it lovely, to be alone? Heart made out of glass, my mind a stone. Tear me to pieces, skin, and bone. Hello, welcome home.
So, where did you go?
And when he returned nearly six months later, with a fractured skull, seven broken ribs, a broken arm, cuts, bruises and severely malnourished, all of which are evident signs of torture, Steve was gone, disappearing the day that he got word from Nick that Tony was captured by HYDRA, and there was no conceivable outcome of him making it out of there alive. But Tony didn't know that. He believed that Steve had well and truly left him behind. Steve had left him alone.
“I know you do, but the sooner the better. Fury really wants us to get there soon and I, for one, want to see what all this hush business is about already. You know how I am when I’m being sent somewhere blind. Get up!”
At one point in his life, he had believed those words. Worth ten omegas? Ten betas? Or even ten alphas? He didn’t come close, but he trusted Rhodey’s judgment, and if Rhodey had said so then surely it must have been true. Maybe at one point, he had been worth ten.
He gave them a small smile. “Sorry we’re late. We sort of overslept.”
“I wasn’t -”
Tony’s brain stopped all at once. “Y-you want to join me?”
Tony had sat on the edge of the bed. Jarvis on his knee and Vision by his feet. He had contemplated how he could bring up the subject, how to just
Just so happened it was his neck that gave in. He had his head on Steve’s shoulder that had a couple of inches of height on him and forced it in an upward angle, straining his neck. He pulled back just enough to level it. His movement prompted Steve to also pull back and just remain there and stare at him, eyes still a little bit red from crying and yet soft and elated. He continued staring, so much so that Tony felt himself blush from the intense gaze that wouldn’t stop.
Tony forced himself to ignore the rest of the conversation. He had been pushed aside as if he was nothing and one-upped by a younger shifter. A beta, a higher status than him. This was the idyllic mate Steve should be looking for, a young beta, or even a young alpha. He was the Captain, leader of the Avengers. He deserved the best and Tony sure as hell wasn’t that with his old age and his status as an infertile omega.
But Vision had other ideas. Just as Bruce was about to retort the little machine decided to release a string of sounds and beeps and rolled off the table. He landing on a patch of grass to lessen the hit and rolled for freedom, or more specifically, towards the gathering crowd.
“Just promise me the moment I look like I'm shifting you'll hide,” Bruce said in a small voice.
Some more information. Next chapter things will finally start happening~
Behind the alpha, someone in the pack growled. “Spit it out already!”
Inhale. Exhale. Inhale. Exhale. Calm down. Steve and Hank had not meant harm. He was just overreacting. Hank’s potion wasn’t even in the room. He had no reason to act out. “I’m fine. I’m… sorry. For the way I reacted. Bring the contraception. I want you with me for my heat.”
“Never,” Steve said, usual joking tone absent at the mention of Hydra. He marched in with heavy steps. Atmosphere radiating alpha leader ready to command. “Status?”
“It’s Clint’s old pair. You’re around the same height. Maybe an inch or two shorter, but the important thing is to protect you. You might struggle a bit fitting in Clint’s pants though.”
Their growls continued and their eyes scanned for anything dangerous. It wasn’t until the very land they were standing on began shaking that the source of their instincts made itself known. There was a distant roar that sent every nerve in their bodies on high alert. The roar, terrifyingly enough, didn’t come from the top or from anywhere at their sides, but instead came from the very ground. Another roar echoed and caused the ground to rumble and shake. It grew closer and closer until it reached the point where the land began breaking.
Bucky/Peggy follow after, beating Bucky/Clint.
“What has you so deep in thought, Sir?” Jarvis lifted one leg at a time carefully and side-walked to plaster himself against Tony’s neck.
“Thank you,” Tony rested his head against his alpha’s shoulder, ready for the wait for sustenance.
Hammer was never one to intimidate. He had large betas guards for that. Large betas who easily created the aggressive stance Hammer had never quite been capable of doing. For Tony, however, Hammer saved the betas and chose to handle matters himself. What would it be said about an alpha who used their betas to keep the omegas in line, after all?
He flattened himself on the ground, as low as he could go in submission. “Rhodey… please stop. They’re my leader and second in command. I deserve whatever they decide on for attacking him.”
“So the Avengers really are saints. I’ve heard of their heroics and their selfless acts, but to take in such a damaged omega with little to offer in return, and then to go and
“So it’s not wrong to assume we are part of the pack, of the Avengers pack? This war pack is our own. Meaning we have equal rights to those gathered here, no matter how low in the dynamic. Meaning,” he said with emphasis, “we have every right to be included in this meeting and included in this contract as everyone else here.”
Tony grew and took over the workshop. He improved upon it. Created what not even Thor nor Loki would have thought. Tony created the Iron Legion in order to keep the workshop operating and running with phenomenal numbers. Not even Odin could deny the improvements to the old shop. He patted Tony on the shoulder and offered a “Well done, Child,” upon first seeing the renovations.
possibly,
you, not because he wanted something from you. This - this doesn’t change anything. You decide what to tell us or what not to tell us. It’s your right, and no one, not even us, can take that from you.”
Cheers!
“Tony! Good morning. I see you’re already getting dragged around by Thor,” Jan beamed, waving at him.
“That was
When the carriage was within reach Tony was ushered forward first. Hammer trying to push him in quickly, his impatience showing. Tony had placed one foot on the step of the carriage and was ready to lift himself up when a voice in the distance had them all turning around.
What Steve was going to realize soon enough was that Rhodey was just as stubborn as the younger alpha. If not more. Age tended to do that. “Will you continue to say that even knowing your refusal will cause the bond forming between old and new to weaken? Strength grows when traveling together. You know this. You
Heavy hearted he made his way to the door, being joined by Jarvis and Vision as the pair flew and rolled to sit on his shoulder and by his feet. “Ready?” he asked the pair.
Warning at the bottom for the next chapter so keep an eye out for that when you reach it!
Vision mimicked the sentiment.
He needs to rest. What little he can get anyway. His racing mind keeps him up and finding any sleep is hard to do when he fears he’ll lose control the moment he’s unconscious. What if he goes feral in the tower? In his very home with only his family as possible collateral damage?
A set of stone stairs were found just around the corner from the entrance. Hammer took him straight there and down. It was dark, damp and cold. Tony couldn’t see his hand in front of his face, it was so dark. He only had Hammer’s grip on his neck to guide him. He almost tripped on his own feet when he touched leveled ground again. Hammer stopped him there.
They remained there for a time, watching the water move and the wind rustling the trees. It was meant to be a quick walk. Perhaps a few minutes, but they lost track of it promptly. They were undisturbed until the sounds of footsteps were overheard. It shouldn’t have troubled them. They were in their territory after all. All that should’ve been around them were critters, the trees, a river and their packmates scouting the area.
The ‘bath’ made the sticky situation worse, but Tony wasn’t complaining. At least not during the session. While in the middle of their… bathing, the owner of the heat room had knocked on the door to announce her presence and leave the message and package their pack had left for them. Tony had been too distracted by Steve’s tongue and Steve had been too focused on ‘cleaning’ Tony for them to have noticed her.
Tony returned back to the workshop and continued to grow. Being raised by Asgardians meant being the best Midgardian he could be. Loki pushed his studies. Thor pushed his skills. Jarvis, the android built and modeled after his old butler to be his caretaker when Loki and Thor were requested back home and Tony was not to be left alone in the workshop, pushed his mannerisms.
“What would you like?” Steve’s voice nearly caused Tony to jump. He hadn’t expected for the alpha to be so close to him when he asked the question and he certainly hadn’t expecting to see the determined face Steve had on.
“Tony?” Steve was close now, panicked at seeing him cry.
“How can that - that
The dejected look Steve had made Tony want to lash out. There was no reason for Steve to pull that face, and not being able to complete a prank and embarrass someone for a laugh wasn’t enough of a basis to deserve such an expression.
Right then, Hammer appeared
He got to work on the weapons of the first two shifters mentioned. Steve’s shield was the easiest. The shape had already taken form from Tony’s constant work during the road. It was now circular in shape. Meant for offense instead of defense. However, it still couldn’t handle Steve’s strength or the power he exhorted. Not without the silver rune Tony had implemented within the metal. The rune cost little magic to use. So little that all that was required of Tony was one tap to bring the magic forward. It would fortify the shield. Make it nearly indestructible. Nothing natural or artificial would create a dent on it unless it used unnatural force.
No, he shouldn’t think that way. Thinking like that was dangerous. It built up faith that would only be destroyed in the end, crumbling down in a matter of seconds after taking days to create. After years of it happening Tony had learned to never get his hopes up, and he wasn’t about to let it happen now.
Now that he mentioned it, Tony did recall the many times in which their packmates referenced Steve’s declaration, but Tony would not have figured it out, even if they wrote it for him to read. He just never pictured Steve and the child as the same person, let alone imagined the child would actually keep his little promise.
“There’s the vote of confidence,” Tony chuckled. “I can always rely on you for making the proper decisions.”
Rhodey had always lied down and exposed his belly to Tony, something that young alphas were taught to never do. Only show your weakest to other alphas who best you, outrank you, or had earned your respect. Omegas didn’t deserve and never required this show of submission from an alpha. Omegas were the ones to always submit. Young alphas were told never to show more than what an omega deserved, but no matter how many times Rhodey had heard this saying he’d always throw a big ‘go to hell with your beliefs’ and would do the exact opposite, doing everything he was told not to and treating Tony as an equal. At least until other alphas tried walking over him, then Rhodey turned into that protective alpha looking over his pack.
And Tony believed him. “Steve...”
Confused, the alpha looked to Tony for an answer. “You smell of me and Jarvis and this little menace.” Vision whined in slight. “I think the big guy likes you.”
Everyone left while they were eating except for Steve, who decided to continue what he was doing before. He found the spot he left off and began grooming. Tony sighed upon the first contact. Delicious food while getting groomed after being supported by his entire pack? He must have been dreaming. It certainly felt like it. These things never happen to him together, if ever at all.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Doesn’t he look incredible?” Jan said, stretching her arms to him in presentation yet her eyes were only on Steve.
“For someone who has steel as a face he’s surprisingly expressive,” Steve said.
… I like it. It suits you.”
Tony's face was snug against the alpha’s chest, the fur tickling his skin. With hesitation he reached out and grabbed hands full of fur, holding him closer. Steve went along, settling his body as close as he could without disturbing the lump of machine under the coat.
Tony nearly swallowed his tongue at the sight. It was one thing to see Clint and Thor display themselves. It was another to see Steve, the Captain, the one Tony had gotten the beginnings of a flame started for, parading in front of him. It was a cruel little tease. Tony was able to see and imagine with pathetic longing, but he wasn’t able to touch because reality was a huge barrier in his way. Then the shirt was gone, revealing all the muscle glory, and Steve had his thumbs inside the edges of his pants and was seconds away from taking them off. In confused panic Tony tore his eyes away. His gaze might have been unwanted attention on Steve’s part and the last thing Tony wanted was forcing his stare on someone who didn’t want it from him.
“I’m pretty sure the town we stayed at for the night has heat rooms. I saw one on our way out,” Clint offered. “You better get a move on while you still have time.”
Steve could guess and imagine that Tony and the gang found something at the end of the tunnel and got their answers, managed to safely end their adventure and retire with families and told stories of their encounters to their children and their grandchildren. Maybe at one point, in Steve’s head, Tony lived long enough to still be alive for him to meet in person, bed-ridden with white hair and old tired but wise eyes, and still had strength and time to tell Steve one of his greatests adventures of all.
, darling.”
The alpha interrupted him, kissing his cheek then moving to his forehead and to his nose and finally stopping at his lips to peck over and over again. Tony melted at the contact, sighing as he relaxed and allowed the alpha to do as he pleased. Steve’s arms moved to wrap around his lower back, sending a tingle down his spine. He made a soft noise when one of Steve’s hands squeezed his side, holding his flab between his fingers and making Tony flush in mortification from both the action and his own body’s response to it. Heat started building in his belly and blood soon started rushing south faster than Tony could’ve attempted to stop. No amount of imagining unattractive things would’ve helped him, not when Steve tightened his hold and gave a tug to lift Tony up and straddle his thighs, prompting Tony to sit higher and change the angle of their kissing. Steve now had his head upward while Tony faced downward.
The shriek from Jarvis? Not so much.
“Hulk,” he barked with no ounce of fear, “give me your bags. Quick.” Hulk did as ordered. His long clawed fingers somehow delicately handing over the bags slung over his shoulders. Steve wobbled at the extra weight for a second before adjusting. “Take Tony to the town. As fast as you can. Don’t hold back.”
A gentle bump against his leg made him gaze down. Vision stared up at him with his bright, glowing, blue eyes. He whistled long and made his voice go from high to low in a playful manner. A flap of wings soon joined and Jarvis landed on his shoulder, his crest up and about in display before slowly retracting down again. The bright yellow in his feathers slowly disappeared as he settled.
“I believe the custom for when one is interested in the affection of another is they must ask for permission first from their guardian, Sir,” Jarvis carefully nipped his ear.
They were quite a sight for the village no doubt. The rumors of new shifters in the Avengers proving true and the long heated debate of omegas being part of the war pack finally being put to rest. There was no denying what many have witnessed and the shifters who were adamant to say omegas would never be included in a war pack would promptly be silenced when word would inevitably spread across the land.
All at once, almost eerily so, the entire area became quiet and everyone snapped their heads to their direction. Tony had not said his statement loud enough, but it seemed he didn’t have to, not with the ears the Avengers carried.
Thor had learned a thing or seven from her. Something Tony found himself grateful for. Thor knew her basic spells for the task and her remedies that, while wouldn’t be as potent as his mother’s, would do the work nonetheless. Work that Tony desperately needed after the dangerous and unrecommended exercise he had just gone through.
The feathers started to slowly flatten out. “Early. The sun has not risen yet.”
“Right, huh, if you don’t mind?”
“Tony,” Steve said gently, careful, “I’m not an idiot, not when it’s obvious you’re not enjoying this. At all.”
“We need to split up! Cover as much ground as we can. We need to find him!” Bucky appeared no better. He was moving back and forth on the spot frantically. The behavior was apparently contagious for most of the pack mimicked it except for those who were aware of Hulk and Bruces’ situation, and Steve. While the alpha had stopped his grooming in order to focus on his pack he refused to move away from Tony.
Beads of sweat trailed down his back and sides. Not all of them caused by the fire. His body nearly rivaled the heat surrounding him on its own and when a particularly hard nip pinched his skin that heat only increased tenfold. He gasped when his skin was pinched again.
Speaking of Peggy there she was now, standing next to a dark figure he guessed was Fury with his arms behind his back in a commanding stance. The tunnel led to an opening that circled around them, creating a dome. Fury and Peggy stood right at the end of the tunnel and turned the moment Steve and Bucky exited it.
(See the end of the chapter for
The walk lasted nearly thirty minutes. They had walked back to the road and followed said road east. At one point during the walk a small river began trailing next to the road, the soothing sound of running water and the rustling of trees making the trip enjoyable. On many occasions during the walk Tony had closed his eyes and just appreciated the noises, Vision adding to it by releasing a beep here and there every time he caught sight of something interesting or if he jumped when the cart wheeled over a bump on the road. On those same occasions, when he opened his eyes again, he would catch Steve looking back to him, always giving him a fond smile. Tony returned them with faint pink on his cheeks.
Piece by piece Steve helped him put on Clint’s old set of armor. Each one taking longer than necessary when Steve couldn’t resist running his hands to pat down the material and admiring him after each set was placed. Tony didn’t help their time when he indulged his alpha by turning in a circle to show off and preened when Steve gave appreciative looks with every twirl.
At Vision’s whistle of astonishment Tony, Jarvis and Bruce exchanged glances of disbelief. ‘This is a warpack house?’ Tony mouthed at them, not believing it even after they had just seen it. There were no other buildings around, which meant this home was the only possible home of the Avengers, and it was mindboggling. War packs weren’t exactly known for bringing in a lot of coin, seeing as their revenue came from taking whatever battle contracts were available.
“No, Jarvis, don’t think that way. You aren’t responsible for me.”
“You should really be more careful, Stark. This is not just about you anymore.”
” as a warning, Bruce still went ahead with it. “I’m sure Steve will be happy to take care of you.”
Tony wasn’t surprised. Pepper was one of the best when it came to investments. She had an eye for good work that returned a profit while also helping the community. Give her a few coins and she would double it within a day. Give her a year and she would be the richest woman in the town. She and Happy were perfectly fine on their own.
“That's not reassuring, Steve,” Tony said dryly, earning himself a grin for it and a quick kiss on his forehead.
“Healing.”
“You, too,” Tony managed to Steve’s retreating back. The alpha gave a curt nod to Bruce and continued to Natasha, the red-headed alpha turning to head back the same direction they came from when he reached her.
“I couldn’t fight adults, no matter how much I wanted to. The way some of them would talk about others or how they’d treat them, it made me angry. Especially the alphas that looked down on betas and omegas. I couldn’t stand it, but I couldn’t exactly do anything about it. So I fought with the ones I could. Adults weren’t the only ones being disrespectful and for some reason or another parents taught alpha children to do the same. Taught them that alphas deserved respect simply because they were alphas and treat anyone else like dirt. I hated it,” Steve said so fiercely that it was shocking he didn't accidentally hurt Tony. “Any alpha I saw treat betas and omegas with disrespect around my age I would stand up against. They didn’t have the right just because of their status. Drove Bucky absolutely mad.”
The short burst of adrenaline created by the rush of barreling through the wind was distracting enough to keep Tony’s mind occupied from his cycle. He had no time to worry about smearing the Hulk’s arm with his slick or the inconvenience his early cycle brought upon them. Not when they were making excellent distance to the town and he was moments away from his heat room.
“Don’t apologize, Tones. Never apologize. Not for… for that.”
with it all. The tears, he was sure, were to express that.
After the second name said Steve began grunting with every push, refusing to get up. When Bucky gave a solid shove that forced Steve to adjust his head over Tony’s face he, honest to God, gave a yap of exasperation.
His throat had a lump in it. Must’ve been his heart. “I would -” he swallowed and then smiled, “I would love to.”
“They were a gift!” she defended. “Are you telling me I shouldn’t wear gifts?
He remained there for minutes, maybe even half an hour, until Steve reappeared again and looking out of breath. “It’s ready. Here, I’ll take you down to it.”
As leader of the pack, Steve had every right to demand Rhodey to move and take his place, but he didn’t. Instead, Steve slowly got closer until their snouts were inches away. He waited a few seconds for Tony to voice his objections and when none came he rubbed the side of his snout against Tony’s furred cheek. Tony returned the gesture happily. He could feel the tip of his tail wagging. Steve didn’t smell angry or upset, and instead of punishing him as expected he came ready to give affection.
“But what if not?” Bucky countered. “We get it, Steve. Really we do. The last thing we want is to watch any of our loved ones get hurt, but we also know the other side, including you.
“It’s going to be so worth it.”
He swallowed and nodded as he retracted his hands to allow his alpha to continue what he was doing. Steve pushed his shirt all the way up to wrinkle it over his collarbone and revealing the entire mess of spiderwebs that was his chest. Those fingers of his traced the larger of the scars for a moment before he dipped down to kiss them. Tony sucked in a breath when Steve’s tongue made an appearance, trailing one particular scar from his collarbone down to his ribs and back to follow a different path. One scar led right to his nipple and the moment Steve’s tongue flicked over it Tony arched his back a little. His reaction seemed to encourage the alpha as he latched on with his lips and sucked, sending a ripple of pleasure down his spine and making him squirm.
“We’ll be easy target practice for them if we try that,” Bucky said.
Tony perked up. “You’re not alone?”
put it there.”
Which was why just the thought of Steve and their pack leaving for days left such a hollow feeling in his chest. To be so far away from him and them… he didn’t want to be left behind. He didn’t want to be alone. Away from the security of his family and remaining oblivious to their status. To be worried and wondering if they were coming back with injuries or not coming back at all.
spoiling him… and he… was about to break their leader’s heart as repayment, like the selfish shifter that he was.
He didn’t get an answer right away. It took nearly a minute for any kind of response to happen and it was in the form of Steve’s hand giving his own a squeeze. A gentle yank of his arm caused Tony to look at the alpha. The smile was gone now and in its place a frown took over. Steve looked upset, almost insulted by the question as if being told he was attractive to everyone was an offense. “Do you think I should go after them, then?”
“Someone's gotta keep your ego in check. Even if it means chopping off the base.”
Loki thought it over and frowned. “I understand now. A most unfortunate condition Canines live with.”
Here we are! Usually I update early morning, but I'm about to go on vacay so consider this a little early holiday gift.
“Y-yes.”
Steve didn’t say anything as they remained there. There weren’t tears trailing down his cheeks, thankfully, but his breath still hitched and his throat hurt. He might have released a sob or two but he didn’t take notice. He was too focused on the scent emanating from the alpha. Strong. Safe. He sighed when Steve rubbed circles on his back.
“If you’re curious about the lights that’s Loki working on his spells,” Steve said when he noticed what Tony was looking at. “The tower works both as an arcade for him and as a library. If you’re ever on the hunt for Loki and can’t find him anywhere he’s likely to be in the tower. First place we look.”
“Spending the day lazing around? Man after my own heart. Don’t bother changing out of your bedtime clothes, we’re not going to.”
In an ever growing habit now since meeting the Avengers Tony looked to Steve for a comment on what they were seeing and Steve looked back and shrugged. “They’re always like this.”
“Unless you go over there yourself you’re not going to see any of them,” Bruce said.
Steve laughed at that, natural, open and free. “They sure didn’t see that coming.”
“I'm up, I'm up, no need to beat me down. I'm a senior.”
This was how he found himself bent over his anvil with Steve giving him a bath. The heat grew in his body, rivaling the heat given by the fire. He didn’t put much thought on his beloved tools that he knew he was going to fret over the moment his mind cleared. His only focus was on the sensations, the pleasure, his alpha and that skillful tongue that never seemed to stop.
“You too Pepper. Happy.”
“Uh-huh,” Sam eyed him as well, searching for a visual. “Seems dangerous to do if it makes you unresponsive like that. We’ve been trying to get your attention.”
Tony, who would do everything to keep Steve safe, no matter if Steve saw him as an enemy and went off to break his arms and legs in an attempt to escape and kill some more.
He was dying of thirst and starving the moment he had woken. Muscles he was unaware of ached something fierce. His legs and arms were numb. His body was covered in dried sweat. He didn’t even want to think about the situation between his legs. With all these negative points weighting on him to get up and act, he refused to move from his spot. Even though the state his body was less than ideal, he had woken up calm and close to his alpha’s chest and wrapped in his embrace. Steve’s chin over the top of his head and one arm around him securely. Tony was held protectively, as if Steve feared sometime during their sleep someone would come and take Tony away from him or cause harm.
“We thank you, Anthony,” Thor included with Loki now wrapped around his shoulders and chest, spiralling down to his hips. The python was nodding as well.
when the woman passed. “Tourists.”
He wasn’t surprised when the sounds of steps on grass and dead leaves eventually reached his ears. Because of the familiar scent, the winds brought to him, worry about danger hadn’t even crossed his mind.
There had been no pleasure getting rid of these unnatural heats that his body sometimes produced, or the remedies brought forth. Then his body stopped those heats entirely, finally surrendering, and Hammer never tried for a pup again so he no longer had been obligated to take those remedies. He was free. Heart stricken, but free.
He swallowed when all the eyes from those sitting on the circular table turned to him.
Tony stirred to something moving and bumping into his side. Not wanting to open his eyes he batted a hand at it, wincing when it turned out he used his injured one and snapping his head up in a small fright when Vision let out a surprised sound. The shack was briefly illuminated by Vision’s blue eye lights and yellow rune as he let out a huff. The lights disappeared when Vision snuggled up against his hip and promptly fell asleep again. The urge to gently smack the machine again just to spite him flared up Tony’s arm but he knew not to make an enemy out of a contraption that technically didn’t require sleep.
“I guess Steve is good for something after all,” Jan said with a small nod. “Don't worry, Tony. We'll leave him alone just for you.”
Tony rolled his eyes.
“We have water, but no food,” Steve looked pained to admit it. Jan passed a canteen over and Tony took large gulps of the water from it. “We rushed to get to you. We didn’t really pack for anything.”
“I can admire if I want… right?” he added out of reflex. The cheekiness gone. He just
He was so happy. His Brucie wasn't rubbing his hands together nervously like he had done so when they first joined the pack and he and Natasha were getting closer and closer as the days went by. Jarvis and Vision never had a dull moment anymore. Jarvis having more than one shoulder to rest on and steal food and Vision having an abundance of playmates to entertain him. His honey bear was back in his life again and catching the eyes of two very interested betas who appeared determined to get his attention, even if he remained oblivious to their somewhat questionable advances.
“Do you call me a liar, Steven?” In Clint’s attempt at imitating an insulted individual he made the mistake of removing his hand and letting his nose take in clear, heated pheromones. He scrunched his face but didn’t cover his nose again. “Dammit, I do
Bucky patted his shoulder, but there was no sympathy in the gesture. “Hate to break it to you, but you're with the Avengers now. Any decency is tossed out the door.”
“But what if they don’t? What if something happens to one of them? I can’t sit idly by and do nothing. I can help.”
“I brought with me the answer to our Captain’s brooding and these are the thanks I receive?” A hiss. “I thought you better, Clinton. It is rude to talk about our guests in such a manner.”
He doesn’t remember for how long he remained covering his mate’s body, but he does remember a faint heartbeat that kept him rooted. His hope enduring for as long as it beat. Then, more faceless shadows come in.
“Someone has to between the two of us.” She gave his shoulder a shove in good humor. “So, what have you been working on lately?”
“I’ll find you something,” Steve promised. “I’ll put them outside the door for you to grab once your done.”
Everyone instinctively looked to Tony’s sprained wrist being held in Bruce’s hands, including Tony himself. Confused he said, “I-I’m fine, just a hurt wrist.”
“It’s well, besides the sprained wrist.”
“Why not? You did say you’d wait for me and now here we are. I’m surprised you never caught on though,” Steve admitted. “The others made pretty obvious remarks about it. They’re, uh, aware of what I said thanks to Bucky. He didn’t hear the end of my rambling. Had to put up with it for months. Never forgot it or forgave me for it.” He rubbed the back of his neck, embarrassed. “The others brought it up from time to time while you were out of earshot. This was Bucky’s revenge.”
Tony's heart didn't get a chance to calm down or take a break because a second later a pair of hands touched the area of his hips and tail and was accompanied by a shriek that made him flinch. He dashed forward, tumbled a bit, and spun around to see Bruce chuckling and Jarvis looking far too smug.
I'd like to give a special shout out to Kigichi for showing me the video that basically inspired Steve's behavior here. All your videos always make me happy, thank you!
Steves tongue traced his folds, barely making contact and leaving Tony wanting more. Eventually Steve started licking in earnest after the third tease, sinking his tongue deeper and deeper and lapping where he could reach for a moment before going down to lick around his slit. When that tongue pushed through his folds Tony moaned and squirmed in place. The heat built up quickly. Without his control his hips rolled and made his slit collide with Steve’s face. He couldn’t see but he could feel Steve’s chin and lips over his folds and his nose was buried right over the surface of his crotch, but that wasn’t enough to stop Steve’s tongue once during the ordeal. It continued licking and circling and in a daring move he separated Tony’s folds to reveal his hole and the slick rushing out. He ran his tongue around it before pinching and sucking gently with his lips, sending Tony over the edge.
stated he wanted kids. Never had he hinted on it, nor had he bluntly said “
“Would have been helpful if it did that after three pushes,” Rhodey said and stretched out his tired arms. “Moving it took a lot out of me. Are you sure it was a door and I didn’t just break through the wall?”
War Machine calls it and they all quickly move in, bursting through the door and all readying their weapons. What they find even leaves Winter and Widow in shock.
Tony pushed back again, looking at Steve in confusion. “A day?” That’s… not possible. At least, not compared to his previous healthy heats he had back in his younger years and before Hammer. His heats would last at least four days minimum with the most intense of it on the first before it settled down to a simmer for the rest of his cycle. Simmer to something manageable where he was still capable of doing daily activities with only his pheromones spiking to attract mates.
attractive… meaning he was the famous Captain and Tony had gone and made himself a laughing stock by kissing the ground in front of him.
Tony chuckled before pulling back to look at the beta still hugging him. “I swear, it was nothing like that. No one hurt my feelings or pushed me over the edge or anything. I wasn’t leaving the pack, I promise. I’m sorry for making you think that.”
“We’ll be here all day.”
At his reappearance everyone stood and made their way outside. The full moon was high in the air and the stars shined and twinkled around it. The ground was illuminated and the grass glowed in a deep green. It was perfect for a run and Tony was already itching to shift.
Why couldn’t he keep his emotions under control?
“Not… really. I never imagined I could.”
No place for Tony if he couldn’t do something as little as show his chest to his alpha without hesitating. Bracing himself he nodded and straightened out, resulting in his chest expanding outward. No need to pause. He trusted Steve.
Tony had been so dazed by his friends’ happiness he never thought to remember of the little issue with Rhodey, Pepper and Happy
Tony gave them each a stare, gave his packmates a regarding glance. He could trust his packmates. He wasn’t the only one unique with skills, as Loki had said. They each had a profession and not one of them abused the other’s talents. They wouldn’t demand something of him against his will. He knew this. “Ben agreed to share some of his projects with me.”
“If we can collapse that fort on them like Clint suggested it would lower their numbers in one go.”
Mrs Parker ruffled his hair affectionately. “Not right now, Darling. Perhaps later.”
“You know, Darling, you hurt me horribly,” Hammer circled him. His eyes engrossing every detail that was now Tony. “Abandoning me. Leaving me alone for such a long time. Do you know how hurtful that was? For my mate to disappear without a word. I had been so
They managed to arrive just as the sun disappeared, allowing for the moon to take the night and light it with a glowing soft blue. Knowing what was to come soon once they got everyone together Tony’s urge to shift already and release a howl for the night sky to carry was a strong one. Had he been a pup he would’ve most likely been bouncing off the walls. Even now at his age he wanted to do just that.
“He will be lucky to have you as a friend, but Little Star, how long will you be his friend?“
“Then tell the kids to stop pecking me already.”
Hope you enjoyed!
The conversations continued, ranging from other hunting stories to some of their traveling and their fights against idiot raiders that didn’t realize who they were attacking in the middle of the night.
He had never been so thankful for Clint’s blunt personality than he was at that moment when the beta trotted over, stood suspiciously close to Rhodey and said, “Our great leader has spoken and I’m taking full advantage of your stay with us. You’ve got stories about puppy Tony? I need to know every embarrassing detail there is.”
“Those who hold their own against mine mass are admirable. Shall we test that theory further?” Thor gave what appeared to he a sultry smirk but looked very awkward coming from the face of a lion.
They watched him go, a pang of longing in Tony’s chest. Mrs Parker took a moment to think something over before finally answering him. “The blacksmith is located just beyond here. Keep following the road further and it’s going to be on your left. Can’t miss it. The smoke will give it away.”
He didn’t exaggerate the place being his prison. He just wasn’t prepared for it to be a
matter?”
“But has Captain Rogers,
“What about now?”
Jan thought their plan over. “But who’s carrying them? I’m not doing it.”
Tony relaxed when he felt Steve come closer and pressed his side against his own. The warmth of having him close soothing the earlier tension. “Steve,” he turned his body to include his pack standing behind him, “everyone, these two are Pepper and Happy, my very dear friends who did something dense searching for me.”
“I see your point.”
Tony almost couldn’t believe his ears. “Bloodthirsty little bird, isn’t he?”
“We could right after we separate, how's that sound? Then I can prepare us something to eat.”
All at once Steve lit up and he walked right up to him, reaching out and hesitating to grasp his hand. When Tony motioned to grab his instead Steve met him halfway. “You came.”
“We want to court you.”
That didn’t exactly give anything for Tony to go on but it didn’t appear as if the omega was going to share any more than that. For now, he decided to leave it alone. Instead, he reached out a hand to shake. If they weren’t going to introduce themselves as wolves, might as well do it in the human way. “Tony,” he paused briefly, debating on which surname to include. It had been years since the last time he presented himself as a Stark. Now, since there was no Hammer, this would be the first social step to freedom. He could do this. He
“Sir?” Jarvis said in a low volume, careful not to wake up Bruce or Vision.
He had to believe that was not the reason for their absence, otherwise it would break all the will he had managed to regain. He didn’t believe there would be any way he could continue. Child or not.
His heart was beating rapidly. His legs were trembling. He felt a chill from deep within his very being. Still, Tony kept a straight face, even if on the inside all he wanted to do was give in. Surrender and defeat were easier than resistance and valor. So
, Jarvis.
Steve, he did, but he didn’t know if he’d survive Steve ordering his past away.
figured it out. “Don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“It’s nothing, Steve. Really.”
Thirteen pairs of eyes were aimed right at him. Too many of them far too interested in his answer. Five of those pairs were difficult to even look at for those five were his
For Clint, out came his bow and he notched an arrow against the string in one fluid motion. In the hand holding the bow balanced there were three more arrows ready on his command. Sam had pulled out two small guns while crouching. One gun aimed at the air and the other facing the ground, ready to strike in any direction. Rhodey was quick to follow their leads and brought forth his military issued firearm he was given. Long and balanced and watched for properly it carried history in it and was ready to continue its service. The grips Thor and Loki held on their weapons tightened in response. The sounds of cracking coming from the hammer and a soft sound of breeze coming from the staff.
“I’d like that.”
,’ Sir. He has his own wants and needs, and I have seen nothing that would deter him away from you. Not your physical appearance, not your charming personality, and I imagine not your inability to produce heirs.”
your alpha, do you hear me?
The blonde shifter who had kissed Steve had an odd expression after she pulled away from him. Tony had caught it. With all his attention solely on his alpha as he showed affection to this stranger, it was hard not to catch the small change.
Steve was attentive to him for every second he ate. Offering more when he finished his given portion and always at the ready with a canteen when Tony requested it. Tony had to eventually bat him away and order him to eat some of the food himself when he suspected the alpha wasn’t going to eat his share until Tony was finished.
Vision said nothing, choosing to roll as close as he could on Tony’s side while still in the bag.
“Yes, dad,” they said at the same time.
“Steve!” Dugan said with a raise of his glass, cutting through the noise. “Are you and your pack in the middle of a contract?”
“Watching over Sir is a full time commitment. I believe we qualify.”
The cockatoo took a pause. “I find what we saw of the Avengers… a refreshing new start. Perhaps worth taking a chance on. They appeared genuinely concerned when Vision was distressed and don’t seem to hesitate with Doctor Banner.”
Half of their pack was gone. Out clearing the north area of Hattan from raiders that had recently set up base and later making their way east towards the coast and chasing away newly docked pirates. The entire Avengers pack was not needed. Not for these hostile packs. Steve took with him the hard hitters consisting of Thor, Loki, Rhodey, Bucky, Natasha and Peggy. More than enough to handle the marauders terrorizing innocent folk.
Tony flushed under all their gazes. “I-I will be.”
“I’ve been with them for nearly half a year now, and I still haven’t told Steve about my little problem.”
Tony leaned up to kiss Steve, ready to take the new steps and believe the truth. “I’m ready. Move, please.”
become unbalanced and release energy in an explosive fashion. A complete accident. It was something certainly worth considering.
Steve smiled back. His ma always told him to be polite. She also said not to talk to strangers, but this boy didn’t seem dangerous. “I’m Steve.”
that was very unexpected.
A bark from the side drew their attention to Bucky. “We’re ready, Steve.”
No time was wasted after that. Everyone got to work to get the fire going and start preparing the kill. It was tasteless and a little dry but as starved as he was it was heavenly when Tony finally got to chew on it and had it settled in his hungry stomach. He’d imagine his pups were also appreciative of finally having food themselves.
Steve unconsciously walked up closer, getting a better view of their stances. A chill ran down his spine as he took notice of all three of their faces and it wasn’t a chill from the cold. Their faces were frozen in agony or in anger, Steve couldn’t tell. Their eyes were closed but their mouths were wide open, as if screaming in pain or shouting in pure rage. Their teeth were showing, revealing to the world the sharp fangs they had. On their hands he could see claws that were not drawn in the comics and on their backs, starting from the base of their spines, were appendages he never pictured them having.
The sight was beautiful and Tony had the urge to go and undo all that hard work just to see the tight cloth under it. To look one more time the glory that was hidden under all that hard cover, hide and iron. Perhaps run his fingers over, kiss, nuzzle… then again, the area where iron met hide just over his pecs left much to be desired. The nagging sensation to just go over and
At that both Jarvis and Bruce gave him a sharp look, but he refused to make eye contact with them.
Not soon enough, a road came across in a clearing and a carriage was revealed to be waiting. A large thing big enough to fit multiple inside. Attached were four horses built for speed and strength. Tony’s heart began to race. The reality of his situation truly sinking in. Hammer means to take them away quickly and efficiently and giving no room for the Avengers to retaliate. Let alone even realize they were missing two members of their pack until they were long gone.
Tony's heart chipped away from how Steve sounded. “No, Steve that's not why… I just went to town for something… I never meant to make you think that.”
“Excuse me. It seems James has finally noticed me and he’s bringing everyone here as we speak.”
Peggy’s stare - it carried force. Demand. Strength. Nothing quite like the stares his packmates gave him. A soft and calm gaze that showed they meant no harm and demanded no submission. Peggy held no such qualms it seemed.
The hand on his stomach circled around, bringing out goosebumps and reminding him how soiled he felt after their mating.
“That’s right. Perfect. That’s you.” Pink colored his cheeks. A flush going down his neck as he looked down but Steve was quick to lift his head up gently by his chin. His blue eyes shining with love. “My beautiful, perfect omega.”
Jarvis nodded. “Understood. You don't appear a day over… twenty?”
There were a lot of things he wasn't so sure about now.
Hank/Jan
Please read!
The only reason the alpha survived was because Steve’s attention moved from him to one of the other attackers who dared shift and growl and challenged Steve. As Steve turned to face his new target Tony caught the briefest glimpse of his eyes. The blue that Tony admired was gone, swallowed completely by the blood red that appeared on alphas in a rage.
Tony, Bruce, and Vision had ducked out of the way of the enemy’s sight as Tony hurried to grab his gauntlets. Without the need to be sneaky there was no reason to hold back now. “Brucie now’s about the time to bring out the big guy.”
Next was Clint’s bow. It was an easy improvement. Clint’s bow was already made to the beta's specifications. What Tony wanted to do was add power to it. Power that only runes could provide. An advantage against the conventional.
“I don’t care if they are, I just want to see them.”
The hydra’s head all turned to look at them. Rhodey and Pepper having a head pin them down and Tony having two of his own. He growled again, this time louder, a razor’s edge away from becoming a roar.
An alpha that goes feral is simply too dangerous. To the public. To their family, their friends. To their mate.
When the little machine reached the lion and made a long note to get his attention the lion leaned his head down to sniff before licking the top of Vision’s head and patting him gently with one of his giant paws. Vision then went on a rolling spree around the lion, gaining the attention of the jackal that Tony smelled was Clint. Wagging his tail Clint began chasing after the machine, and Vision, who simply loved playing, took advantage of the situation and started a game of chase.
It had happened some years back. Before Jarvis and long before Vision. Hammer had taken the pack through a town on their way for a business exchange and saw a chance to make a quick coin with the local blacksmith. Hammer had swindled his way into selling faulty pistols for a price worth more than what those damn pistols deserved. One thing Hammer was best known for besides his brand name was his silver tongue and his skill in manipulating situations in his favor. At least that was the case ever since Obie joined the picture and dragged Tony along. Hammer was the brand, but Obadiah was the salesmen. The man behind Hammer's ear, whispering what the public wanted to hear.
Nothing but angst and fluff. A lot of fluff, and cuddling!
Steve locked on the cockatoo as he would with prey at the mention of his name. He was vibrating from the curiosity of the conversation the Avengers didn’t understand. A question was on his lips but it was Jan that asked first, “What did he say?”
Comprehension fell on them all except for the four who didn’t know who Steve was talking about. Tony, Bruce, Jarvis and Vision had no idea what was going on or who the person mentioned was, but from the way Bucky’s head went down in shame it was obvious the person was very important and so was the subject.
“Hey you kids, three against one seems a little overkill, don’t you think?”
Hank didn’t seem to agree. “To be honest Stark does sound like a blacksmith name when put into context. I’d trust my pots and pans to a man named Stark any day. I know they’ll be in safe hands.”
Without meaning to he stiffened and because he was still in Steve’s arms he knew the alpha felt it. “How about we stay up here for a while longer?” Steve offered instead and Tony tightened his hold on him gratefully. “Anything I can do to help you relax?”
“We didn't see you have a staff when we first met,” Bruce said, studying the mentioned weapon.
When his ma called him back hours later, Steve was understandably heartbroken. He had to say goodbye to his new friend, but Tony promised to see him again the next day. Steve was uncertain, believing his wish was coming to an end, but he still held to that promise, hoping with all his little heart for his friend to come back.
“That’s something I haven’t seen before. New?” Rhodey eyed the gauntlets briefly while holding his rifle out, seeming impressed with them.
“About damn time! Do you know how long we’ve been waiting? What was so important that you took so long?”
“Right.” The beta had a good point. Tony was still in the early stage of his heat. His body was building up until the moment he was ripe to mate and his pheromones became stronger than ever to attract suitors. He was still mobile and the tingling in his abdomen wasn’t uncomfortable yet, but that was soon to change and he’d rather be on a bed before it officially took over.
Some time later, when the tears dried up and he was able to breathe properly and calmly, Tony found himself on his back with the golden wolf that was Steve on top of him, blanking him from the world. Jarvis was nuzzled up on his shoulder and Vision by his side near his hip. They were quiet, giving Tony the silent comfort and protection he desperately needed. Tony was thankful for it.
“Good morning,” Tony returned to the omega who was probably around his age. Jarvis and Vision whistling together in greeting as well. “I was actually wondering if you, perhaps, knew where the blacksmith was located?”
He made a noise when one of his fingers missed the rag and trailed over his hole, sparking something he knew was not the right time for. He forced the thought away and made quick work of the area, but if he had no control over his emotions for the day he certainly had no control over his body’s reaction now. He sighed at the sight of his member half hard. It was odd how his body was willingly getting aroused from just a simple touch after going so long with forcing himself to rise from Hammer’s handling. His body hadn’t given a reaction before when bathing from his own hands and now suddenly it decided it was rearing to go.
“Is that… is that what you’re trying to tell me? Do you want me to go after someone else because you don’t want me to court you? Because I’ve told you before I’m serious about you. How many times do I have to say it?” There was a heavy underlayer of emotion in Steve’s voice. Emotions bordering on irritation. Even if Tony couldn’t have heard it he could’ve smelled it. Under the layers of scents that made Steve smell like Steve there was a sharp and bitter layer that Tony knew all too well to associate with irritation that eventually led to anger.
The fact that Tony’s pack hadn’t tracked him down as of yet was a reason for concern. Tony trusted his pack with both his life and his pup and he knew Steve and Rhodey would salt the very land they walked on in order to find him, but for so many days to pass by without sight of any of them… Tony didn’t want to think of the implications.
needed help. From individuals to entire towns. Contracts were freely given. A fair number of them shared among the Howling Commandos until their paths split apart. Their partnership had been a dream come true for Tony. To fight alongside them, to aid and to take down foes together. Tony couldn’t have asked for more.
“You think?”
“Did you come from a family pack full of blacksmiths?” Steve lifted his head and the pure joy and wonder in the alpha’s blue eyes was nearly blinding, and somehow simply learning something new about Tony was enough to make Steve appear like that.
Eyebrows were raised from the gathered townsmen when they noticed the very same wild centaur now running in the race. A few cried in outrage. Tony himself was left a little speechless when Steve caught up to the predicted winner with little trouble. Even at a distance, he could see Ty, the yearly champion, glare at the wild centaur and even go so far as to swipe at Steve.
“You think this is hard? You haven’t seen hard yet -”
look up to us. What are we teaching them when our image is
The Avengers, playing a trick on him, incredible how low Tony must have been in order to have that happen.
“Thanks, Jarvis. Really sweet words you used.”
“I only need ten to get ready,” Steve mumbled through his pillow, eyes still closed.
He allowed the arm around his middle. Past the blanket and his clothing to touch skin. He didn’t think he could remove it even if he tried, or wanted to. He made sure to always make a sound of reassurance each time the grip tightened just a little or the arm trembled.
“He doesn't share,” Bucky repeated and turned to give them a playful glare.
Pulling the edges of the coat’s neck to cover the bottom half of Tony’s face he inhaled Steve’s smell and allowed it to engulf him. He sat down and curled himself over the blankets and coat and already he could feel the beginnings of an ache on his back. He hesitated shifting. The massive change in bone structure when going from human to wolf, or vice versa, meant that there was a huge possibility for his injured wrist to get further damaged during the process, and Tony would very much like to have his hand heal already.
Tony looked away. “Spot on.”
“Well, no. I had some run ins with raiders.” He recalled the group that attacked when it had been him and Bruce walking to new shacks. With Hulk by his side, surely they had little to fear.
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m so sorry, Tony. I didn’t mean to scare you. I’m sorry, please don’t be scared, please don’t be scared of me. I didn’t mean to. I’m sorry.”
Tony took in his messy golden hair and bright eyes and wondered how someone could look so vibrant. Then he wondered, yet again, what Steve saw in him. “Good morning, Steve.”
Tony woke up tired, sleeping not having left a dent to his fatigue. He felt extremely sticky and in need of a bath. His body sore in places he didn’t know he had (and sore in the one place he never imagined he’d ever enjoy to be). Muscles unfamiliar to him apparently having a workout for the first time and screaming at him for it, but despite all that he still managed to feel relaxed, content, and downright
“Steve did.”
“Time to go,” Hammer growled and marched away, expecting Tony to follow him.
“Is there a reason why you don’t want to join?” Bruce asked instead. “Can’t be because they don’t like you. From what I saw they were rather fond. They’re not exactly what I thought a war pack would be.”
The few times they were attacked on the road Tony barely saw a battle ensue. The raiders were either down for the count or were running the other way with their tails between their legs and long gone before Tony could even blink.
. An internal fear for certain.
Going to see them on his own and try to push the many young betas and omegas to catch a glimpse? Tony didn’t like that idea. If he had Bruce by his side then he’d have aged reinforcement, but alone he was just an old omega trying to see a young and famous war pack. He made the pitiful image of someone expired trying desperately to keep up with the new.
“You’re leaving?” Clint asked in incredulity. The two betas who were in the middle of courting Rhodey now had frowns of heartbreak.
“Be a good little omega and stay still.” His coat was pulled up. “I’ll treat ye nice and gentle.” The button of his pants was worked loose. “We all will. Fuck ye one at a time. Together, too, if ya want.” Zipper pulled down and Tony choked out a sob. “Best fuck ye’ll ever ha -
Rhodey made a choking noise.
A moment of pause. Steve pulled back just enough to look at him, searching for the truth. “Are you really? Be honest with me... please.”
He stilled, realizing what he was doing. He was imploring for something that Steve might not even want to do in a manner that would cause Steve to feel guilty if he were to say no. He was cornering the alpha. He needed to stop.
No gauntlets. No armor. If they attempted to call for help there was no knowing what Hammer or Stane would order their pack to do to them. The idea of Pepper getting hurt because of
Tony cleared his throat. “Thank you. This is more than enough.”
“You can count me in on that.”
I hope this made your day feel better!
“That was really impressive,” Tony tried, “going up against three. You have spirit, kid.”
They continued walking in moderate silence. Disrupted on a few occasions from curious Avengers wanting to know about Jarvis and Vision. Tony happily told short versions of the tale and explained the few questions involving Vision without revealing his involvement with the yellow rune on the roly-poly’s forehead.
Fingers caressed down, stopped right over his naval, returned up to trace his many scars before repeating the process a second, third and fourth time. Steve was for sure doing it on purpose. He knew
“Pick up the pace,” Stane ordered. “We don’t want any surprises. If the Avengers find us it will be your asses holding them back.”
“It’s meant to be a compliment?” Steve didn’t look sure himself. “Don’t tell the others, especially Rhodey. I want to live with you a lot longer.”
With no shame Steve walked back to him, a very obvious erection swinging with each step. The alpha didn't seem bothered by it and grinned when he noticed Tony was awake. “Hey, good evening. Or at least I assume it’s evening. Are you hungry?”
The door eventually opens and people walk in. All alphas. All wearing gear. All carrying guns and holstered batons. It raises Steve’s hackles. He’s ready for anything. Has been for the past three hours. If these alphas want to torture him for information he’s ready. If they want to study him, poke and prod, he’s ready. Anything they want, he’s ready to fight. To endure. To never give in.
Eventually is finally here!
Bucky wasn’t having any of it. “Not yet, anyway.”
At least this time if he released more than one or two sobs he was the only one around to hear it.
“Stop!” He shouted as loud as he could and made a straight line to the three. Clint and Sam jumped in his path, trying to stop him, but without putting much thought into it Tony used his momentum to jump over them and keep going.
Tony felt so relieved he didn’t even think twice about saying, “Yes, anything.” Steve wanted to continue. There was still a chance to salvage this.
“I understand, Steve, really, I understand.”
When they were within the trees Tony scrambled to stand in front of the enraged omega and calm him down. “Bruce, are you with me? Come on, deep breaths.”
“You were
Sam snorted. “Easy for you to say, your names by themselves are already unique to us canines. We can be as intimidating as we want, make enemies cower from just looking at us, but do you really think they’ll run the moment they hear “
The other omega was resting right in front of him, on top of pillows and blankets with a red fox that could’ve only been Natasha curled over his chest. Over them was Thor, all golden and dark mane and rumbling in his sleep with the black python that was Loki splayed across his figure, head hidden in the fur. Bucky was in the middle of Tony and Thor, sleeping with his belly up to the sky. Below Tony were Jan, Hank, Sam and Clint. The two dingoes and the coyote and jackal were tucked into a ball with their respective mates.
Tony flinched when Hammer placed a hand on his waist. By small mercy, he didn’t move it lower or higher, just kept it there.
However, it was the ladies (and Loki) who were the true victims of this act. They had been trying to keep their hair dry but now found themselves looking at the world through wet strands that stuck to their faces. They were not amused. Far from it. They were all seeing red.
“Get the food first and then you can fool around all you want,” the alpha wolf that Tony figured out was Bucky said, acting every bit of a second in command he was.
He might have been a little demanding, but Steve didn’t seem offended at the idea of his omega ordering him around. “Let me get started then. Give me a few minutes while I open myself up.”
Still napping.
However, he was not in the mood on this one particular night. He had returned back to the tower tired and frustrated. What should’ve been a satisfying and enjoyable and very relieving night out with this beautiful blonde with legs that went as far as the eye could see was ended with him walking away annoyed and nauseated. Beauty didn’t trump hygiene.
“You’re not joining us? Why?”
Rhodey didn’t mock him, didn’t frown. He simply got closer and reached out to place a hand on his shoulder. “They’re coming back, Tones. This is their den after all.”
Tony didn’t think he wanted to know now.
Tony’s mouth practically hit the floor because the female alpha was looking at him as she said it. He looked behind him just to be sure but found no one. The only explanation was she was actually asking
Tony had foolishly believed his three friends were there to stay with him. Sam and Clint were trying to court his Honey Bear after all. He was nearly brought to tears when he remembered Steve never offered a permanent stay. To be a part of the pack.
“If we ever get our hands on one at least. Bottom line, you’ll never want to leave the place. Of course there’s the downer of living on the outer edges of the town. We’ve got to walk a good distance before we find the nearest trade. Comes with the title of a famous war pack.”
Steve and Bucky continued their game, and at one defiant act by Steve that involved him pulling back the coat and burying his head inside it in order to hide and pretend to be asleep again, Tony snorted, louder than ever before, and he couldn’t stop the following strings of laughter.
Loki didn’t appear offended at all. “One thing you shall learn overtime, Anthony, is that I am never left behind. A certain fool won’t have it without a fight, and I find it most beneficial.”
His stomach churned. He needed a shower. He needed to wash away everything that had just happened. Roll it all up, burn it and throw the ashes over a cliff.
I bring you all nothing but porn with feelings!!
Tony ducked his head bashfully. “Rhodey wouldn’t kill you.”
More arms were on him. Some grabbed his arms. Others his legs to stop him from causing damage. It only left Tony screaming to the point his voice grew hoarse and his throat burned. He didn’t stop screaming. Not even when the carriage began moving. Not even when Hammer or Stane ordered him to stop. Not until the shooting went quiet did he seize his efforts.
“I almost caught you last time and I'm feeling extremely lucky tonight. Let's see how it ends.”
“You never gave us a proper answer,” she prompted with a true smile on. “
“Tony, I - would you - I know this is out of nowhere,” the alpha stuttered, licking his lips and swallowing nervously. “This morning Natasha asked if you wanted to join the Avengers and you said you’d think about it.”
“Are you -” he started, wanting to ask if the alpha was laughing at him but quickly stopped when his voice cracked, last night making an appearance and causing him to turn red in embarrassment at how overused his voice sounded.
“That little rat,” Sam muttered as the rest of them continued to the door in a more sedate pace. “Oh, he’s definitely sleeping on the floor tonight.”
“Not.”
Vision released a high pitched sound in insult from being referred to a ‘thing.’ The alpha wasn’t expecting that and even jumped a little. “What the -?”
Yes, to anyone with half a brain, these actions could only be done by an idiot.
Hank shook his head. “I’m not telling you to feel sorry for us. It’s passed and it remains for us to work with, but it doesn’t justify trying to lash out at you. Not when all of us weren’t in our right minds.”
“I am truly honored.”
“All you did is burden our pack and demean your mate. The clients we have lost because of your stunt. Do you understand the damage you caused?” Stane continued, a sneer forming for a split second before the man exhaled and… smiled. “It can be fixed. We can forgive. You have much to do, but we’ll forgive you.”
It took a couple of minutes for Steve’s knot to go down before they could even get to the washing part. The water had cooled slightly during their mating and they were quick to rinse everything off. Tony tried really hard to clean as much as he could of Steve’s leaking seed. No doubt the walk back to their rented room would consist of it trailing down his legs and no amount of speed would prevent it.
Tony was sure he was the same color as the crimson coat.
It made him miss Steve.
“What’s so bad with having the skill? I’m just making observations. If you want to keep it a secret then we’ll keep it a secret. You know about the other guy, it’s only fair. I won’t say a word.”
. Bribe, pay off, sweet talk others into doing what many should have been smart enough not to do in self-preservation, including setting themselves up as bait for the Avengers. They would put many caught in the crossfire in harm’s way in order to obtain what they wanted. Consequences be damned for the hired, for the innocents in the middle and for Tony’s pack.
“This isn’t over, Thor,” Clint waved a fist at the lion shifter.
2/7/18: Made some edits regarding the intersex aspect.
Redwing created short, chirping sounds in response. Jarvis listened before translating. “The trip was exquisite, but he is ready to return to the hunt with the others. Preying on rodents and other aves does not carry the same appeal as two-legged ruffians.”
He was getting plump and he didn’t even notice it until now as he tried on Jan’s outfit. It had only been around three weeks, how fast did one gain weight? And now that he had finally noticed, how had he not noticed before? The outfits he had gotten prior that Steve had bought for him (and had absolutely refused to accept Tony’s coin in his attempt to repay the alpha back) hadn’t exactly wrapped around his skin like this outfit, but they weren’t loose either. He should’ve spotted the difference with the fitting the moment the pounds started making an appearance, but… he just didn’t pay that much attention to it.
Distracted by his kisses Tony never noticed the alpha sneaking his hands under his shirt and running them up to his chest until the dragging of the cloth tickling his skin made him jump. Tony instantly stopped the traveling appendages from finishing their task. The last thing he wanted was for Steve to see his scarred chest, get disgusted and hault their coupling entirely.
He nearly fell asleep again, but the call for food was stronger. Once his belly was full, well, who could blame him for falling asleep in his alpha's strong arms?
Tony looked at it in bewilderment then at Rogers. For a moment their eyes locked and Tony felt something in his chest. A heavy thump that didn’t exactly come from his heart, but felt as if it did. It took his air with it.
The mere thought of letting his kids anywhere near a battle made Tony’s stomach sink and he had been
His face was red for sure, something only his packmates were capable of accomplishing without fail, much to his chagrin. He ducked his head down and tried his best to hide using Steve’s chest, patting the hard muscle in silent question to turn back up the stairs. Steve could leave him to live among the pillows and blankets for the rest of his life. Have Jarvis and Rhodey bring him food and water whenever he needed them.
“I know,” Steve admitted. “I know, but I can’t help - I just see you so happy with them. They made you smile so easily and all they did was
who requested to have the next chapter done.
exactly the Avengers were Tony found he wouldn’t have mind joining them for whatever they wanted him for. Maybe they wanted him as a pack mother? From what he had seen none of the Avengers appeared to be a pack mother and they were probably on the hunt for one. Tony didn’t have any experience being one, but he could learn. For the sake of his pack he’d learn everything he could.
“I don’t know, Honey, you think he likes it?” May said with a smile.
He moved to get up but the hand returning on his shoulder and a new one over his hand stopped him. Sam’s soothing scent was mixed in with a more softer aroma along with a sharper one. The softer seemed to come from Hank while the sharper came from Jan. Both of them different, but no less calming than Sam’s.
Tony inhaled. “Rogers I’m only going to say this once. I’m a goddamn
The land looked eerily familiar.
… but, why?
It had taken him a few days. A few days of shooing away a concerned mate, an exasperated best friend and ruffled bird, well-meaning packmates and an annoyed little machine wanting attention. Tony wanted it to be a surprise and that meant keeping them all away.
Steve hushed him while stroking idly with only his thumb and looking at his erection in thought. He was contemplating something. Not the best time to do so if he had asked Tony. “I want to try something.”
“I don’t feel needy or tingly. I think it’s over. How long have we been here?”
Ouch, that brought the pain back. “I’ve been fooled so many times it’s only natural I become a fool,” he bit, glaring at nothing.
Steve whined, his hips twitching up in an action that seemed out of his control. “Are you sure?”
“Promise just once?”
“Why are you apologizing? What I did was -”
“Didn’t have enough time to see. I embarrassed myself in front of them and ran with my tail between my legs.”
It was a wonder he had any blood left south when it all rushed to his face and neck.
He also wondered if they were aware about him leaving Hammer and Obie. He should’ve searched for them the moment he was free of his old pack’s clutches, but where to start? Rhodey was probably across the sea, the military lovin alpha. And Pepper? Tony lost track of her pack years ago. They could be anywhere.
. It’s not
Which was fine by Tony. The Hammer taking all the credit part. Not being Hammer’s omega. Never that. Tony was fine and content with Hammer’s name branded on the muskets and pistols. He didn’t want his name on anything so outdated as those weapons. His rune-infused weapons that blasted power, gained durability, and used elemental advantage, however, now
In response Vision made a high pitched whine that was followed by whistles and a deep trill. Looking unsure Sam waited for Tony to translate.
.” Rogers gestures to him.
Steve removed his hold on their lengths and trailed his hands down Tony’s back, down to the dip and pausing to have his palms rest over Tony’s ass and squeeze. Those same hands soon sneaked in under the fabric of Tony’s pants to grab it bare before pushing over the mounds and down to where his thighs started and give them a quick caress until finally trailing to the edges of Tony’s folds. The anticipation had Tony nearly gushing, slick trailing out in a steady flow, enough so that Steve scooped some up before circling his coated fingers to smear it around and dipping one ever so slightly in. Gentle and careful, as if trying to avoid causing any pain, one finger passed his folds and rubbed inside.
“Tony.” Rhodey leaned closer and licked the side of his snout. “This is my choice and I decided if leaving my pack meant finding you then so be it.”
“No arguments here,” Clint rushed out, “so do us a favor and all of you get off. I think we’re breaking Tony and the last thing we want is to make Steve upset.”
“As if that has stopped you before.”
With the orders out they began moving again, heading deeper in town where residents were joining the day and walking around. Upon the sight of the Avengers each single one of them stopped to look. Alphas, betas and omegas alike and of any age gawked and waved and cheered, shouting hellos in every volume available. Some of them dared to get closer for a better look and gave each and every one of them a glance and a large grin up until they spotted Tony and Bruce. Their faces quickly changed to confusion from not having known the Avengers had included two new members.
Caught a little off guard, Tony looked to his boy and then back to Steve. He wasn’t prepared for that comment and he certainly wasn’t prepared when Steve didn’t deny it either. The wild centaur smiled warmly at him. As if to express it true.
and was holding Tony like a lifeline. He was holding him as if he had just wronged him somehow.
Bruce and Loki quirked an eyebrow simultaneously, coming to one conclusion and waiting for it to either be confirmed or denied. Everyone else, minus Steve, waited expectantly for him to further detail it.
There was fondness in Steve’s eyes. “I bet.”
Tony couldn't look away even if he wanted to. And he couldn't just walk back to the mansion either. That would be rude to the alpha who was currently walking him to the lake as promised. So he looked at the alpha and he looked at the lake. There was so much beauty everywhere to look at Tony didn't know where to begin.
Tony felt a tightness in his chest.
Tony huffed at the little machine before reaching for him and scooping him up from the base with his good arm. “You’re very demanding today. You got me working to the bone.” He lifted the machine so he could roll over his leg and snuggle up on the spot in the middle of his crossed legs. Vision beeped a thank you that was followed up by a sassy remark that Tony completely blamed Jarvis for.
decide to visit instead of them going for any of us that could actually be of
He shut the door and placed his traveling bag down. One look around the room and he found, even if he was to sleep with all this free space and only a cockatoo and roly-poly machine to help him fill it up, he didn’t mind. He had something to look forward to. The pack, Bruce, Steve. He couldn’t wait.
Thor gave a grand belly laugh. Thankfully he didn’t take the Hulk’s comment as an insult. “Aye, I am eager to test your skills and form a bond through battle. Perhaps I shall finally have an equal to my strength and a worthy opponent.”
It also meant two very close friends of his spotted and caught up with him.
Bruce huffed, got comfortable and the four went to sleep.
The omega shook his head, eyeing him. Bruce must have picked up on Tony’s sudden attitude change. “No, but I can improvise. Plenty of flat stones to use.”
Sure enough, his packmates who knew of Peggy came barreling all at once to surround her, inadvertently shoving Tony to the side. Cries of Peggy’s name were cheered and through the chaos, Bucky managed to join Peggy in the center. Tony moved away from the excited crowd. He was left alone to stare at the door Steve had exited through. A heavy feeling settled in his chest.
The three kids managed to knock the one on the floor and turned to look at him, frowning. One that seemed to be the self-appointed leader scoffed at him. “Stay out of this,
Tears were evident this time as he submerged himself in the tub. The water reached just below his chest, still exposing the scars for his eyes to see. He scrubbed at them, trying to get rid of the sensation of Steve’s tongue running over the raised surface that his mind had made up. It didn’t help.
“Oh,” that made sense. Steve standing up to those who dare pick on others for their own self image. A true hero. “Well, those that get his eye are extremely lucky then, having the Captain defend their honor,” he tried joking.
The alpha groaned. He braced his hands on Tony’s side, as if trying to keep him in place. For a moment, Tony believed he had hurt him and an apology was ready on his lips, but Steve’s lips on his own swallowed his words. “Do that again,” he said against his lips.
Hammer. Now he had Steve and the alpha was already giving him more than Hammer ever had.
Tony’s heart jumped. Steve had his arms open, his hands shaking as if he was forcibly holding himself back. He was waiting for Tony to take the final steps forward and embrace him, giving him the chance to decide whether he wanted the contact or not. Tony’s eyes stung as the prickling sensation of tears began. He closed the distance and released everything the moment Steve’s arms wrapped around him.
What should have been half an hour to cross was covered in a matter of minutes. Tony was winded and short of breath by the time the Hulk slowed down upon reaching their destination and he wasn’t even the one running. They were just out of the town’s borders now from what Tony could see through his blurred eyes. He blinked a couple of times to clear his sight and found Steve already there in front of them and breathing heavily. He must have pushed to his absolute limit in order to have kept up with the Hulk. Tony couldn’t even see Hank anywhere yet.
trying to make Tony see reason, but Tony disregarded it all, believing he was truly doing right for his father’s pack and deserving everything he suffered.
Tony never minded. Not for her. He would always make time.
If anything close to penalties ever graced their ears they would simply throw wealth at the problem, charm their way out, pay-off who needed to be paid-off or make it go away permanently.
Tony could see Bruce visibly waver at that. The omega was terrified about his shift, for very obvious reasons, and believed a life of solitude was what he was destined for. Tony wasn't going to let him. They were in this together, or not at all.
“Sweets. I work better with those than with flowers. Think he enjoys love notes?”
. What was he going to do? He couldn’t just bring a pup out and expect a happily ever after. He needed… Gods he needed his alpha. He needed his pack. He needed the safety and love they gave.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Can you tell us about when you got them?” Jan said as she clapped her hands together. “They're so cute.”
“Everyone?” Pepper perked up. “Including me?”
“Done,” Loki huffed at the mundane task. “Anything else you wish of me, Captain? Perhaps polish your shield? Your boots?”
Tony agreed. More souls were waking up as they talked and it was better he get a moved on back to the mansion before anyone realized he was gone. “Thank you, again. I promise to work hard. Y-you won’t regret it, I swear.”
Steve watches himself give a false charge, making the Avengers flinch and take a step back. When he stays put they continue, albeit even slower than before.
The alpha seemed to be over his shock. “Then why did you come here for?”
Tony took in the words, wondering what could have happened to the two betas for Hank to react in such a way all of a sudden. What had they seen or heard? No one was acting as if danger was nearby, so it couldn’t have been an attack. Their surroundings perhaps? But Thor had said reopened scars, so Hank must have seen something that reminding him of a horrible memory.
“We have four hours to catch up on our sleep now,” Bucky adjusted himself and laid sideways on his bench of seats. “Keep watch first or should I?”
Eventually they made their appearance, some of them evidently carrying what they went back to get. Clint had his longbow placed over his shoulder, the string running down his back, while he had his arrows strapped on his belt. In his hand he had a pistol that he threw to Sam when he got closer. Jan had two small pistols on her belt and had a bag hanging by his side with the strap going across her chest and down her hip. Similarly, Natasha had a belt running down the same angle but instead of holding a bag in place it provided sheaths for a bunch of knives. Bucky now had a rifle strapped on his back and Loki had a spear… no, not a spear, something that looked like a spear but clearly didn’t hold the same purpose. Tony’s hands suddenly got an itch to grab and to study because what Loki was holding was a staff.
Sam returned the pointed stare, drier than the former. “You got two arms and legs that aren’t broken. Fix your own plate.”
“Tony,” Steve’s expression remained the same, “if it were up to me I’d tell every person we saw, I’d announce it for everyone to hear if I could, and I know we’re not even close to being called mates and I haven’t even gotten a chance to start courting you, but I’m serious. You might think this is some temporary infatuation or just me wanting to get some curiosity out, but this means a lot to me, it really does. I
Tony squeezed his eyes shut. “Get off!”
“Sir, Captain Rogers will believe your answer to his invitation is no if you continue to sleep.”
Silence hung in the air between them. Having been left in an awkward place, Tony imagined the brunette was just as much at a loss for words as himself. He wasn’t brave enough to break the silence but she was, showing her alpha nature.
He flinched when he felt Bruce’s hand gently grasp his arm. The omega was giving him an understanding smile, waiting patiently. Jarvis landed on his shoulder and yanked at his hair and Vision bumped against his foot encouragingly.
A hard thump, Vision whining and the sound of a cockatoo squawking in indignation had him laughing because somehow the little machine had succeeded in, not just yanking down the bed cover, but also managing to get tangled in them. Jarvis was somewhere in the mess squirming with only one white wing visible for Tony to see. He was bouncing, trying to get the cloth off, and Tony was doubled over at the sight.
He looked back in time to see Steve do the same to her. In all their months together as a pack, Tony had never seen Steve do that to anyone. At all. It was… very disheartening.
“Is it possible there was a statue here and got activated?” Pepper asked, following closely with her wings bristling cautiously for any dangers.
nor had ever met
For some reason that caused the serpent shifter to laugh. “The last squabble we faced hadn't sounded challenging when first described. I thought it best to give them a fighting chance by leaving it behind.”
“Right, sorry, not the time, but it got my point across, didn’t it? According to you the other guy isn’t a monster and according to me you’re a great person and any pack would be lucky to have you.”
“You know,” Steve started when they stopped shuffling to get comfortable on the ground, “I was small as a child. Perhaps the smallest and skinniest child you’d ever see.”
Without even noticing they lost track of time. From somewhere between talking about Rhodey and his suspicious skill of always managing to find Tony when they took short trips through the forest and Bucky’s equally suspicious skill to always know when Steve was in trouble and managed to always appear on time to help they realized how late it had truly gotten. They had been lucky so far in staying out so late without enemies attacking, but only because while they were enjoying the view of the lake their pack were out patrolling for unwanted guests. Their pack could only stay up for so long and had probably gone to bed a while ago, except for the one who had gotten the short end of the stick and was still awake keeping watch.
Tony didn’t condemn Rhodey’s use of white lies. If anything it had created the desired outcome. Confidence. No matter how brief. He had stood tall with little holding him back. His only weight on his shoulders his father’s disappointment for presenting as omega.
She bared hers right back, not once hesitating facing off against the alpha. “Because I
There was a sniffle, but they couldn’t tell from who it came from.
“It’s beautiful, Jan,” he finally said, unable to think of something else. “It really is. The craftsmanship and style is unrivaled.”
“No,” Tony thought about it. “From what I last read about them they still had the same members. There hasn't been funerals or anything. Could be they’re just passing through, but stopping by shacks?”
If teasing was now considered mistreating, Tony guessed they were. “Stop picking on Steve or I’ll put you all on cleaning duty for my forge.”
to do that.”
“I swear I won’t go gallivanting,” Tony teased, feeling lighthearted.
And while he knew this wasn’t Hammer, this was Steve and so far Steve hadn’t given any signs to be anything like Hammer, the ingrown dread made it extremely hard not to react accordingly to what he had learned. The fact that he was alone with Steve, who was bigger than Hammer, stronger and fought against countless aggressive packs, didn’t help matters at all. A backhand from him would surely break bone and bruise Tony for weeks. Tony couldn’t risk it.
He gave one final attempt at a sharp turn but instead of aiding him it actually became his downfall. One root that was hidden behind a larger one caught his paw, tripping and throwing him off balance. With the legs that were still on the ground he pushed himself and jumped in one last attempt to find balance and continue running. It worked and he managed to run a couple of more seconds before Steve finally caught him. The alpha leaped on him and caused them to topple over, and while Tony wanted his first run with Steve to have been longer he found he didn’t mind it ending so soon. Not when Steve was currently licking his snout and wagging his tail and Tony happily rolled over to expose his belly and let Steve continue.
Tony suddenly got the urge to take the coat off, throw it at the nearest tree and speed-walk as far away from the Avengers as possible. Of course before he could even comprehend what the first move required to take off the coat the golden wolf with the blue eyes that could have only been Steve was right in front of him, face to face, and had a fish in his mouth somehow and held it out for him to take. Blindsided, Tony reached for it out of reflex, gaping at what was occurring. For a leader of a pack such as Steve, offering his food only ever happened to those he considered mate. In shifted form the leader always ate first, followed by second and third in command and then by alphas outside the chain, then betas and finally omegas. The leader only ever shared their meal during their turn with their mate, or mates.
“I think… maybe a day? Through the night and morning. Suns up high. Seems to be evening now.”
“Rhodey…”
“Oh, you deserve a good stern talk to, believe me. What you did, running away from the pack in the middle of enemy territory? Stupid. Plain and simple. Dumbest thing you’ve done so far. You’re lucky Hydra seems to be the only enemy in the area. If we hadn’t chased them off already… Gods, Tony, what were you thinking?”
, to do that.”
Tony stared at the alpha in disbelief. “You want to try something
, and all he was doing was eating. Sometime in-between the third and fifth bite he must have closed his eyes without realizing it. When he opened them everyone minus Sam were already munching away at their cakes, Jarvis included but he was munching on a bowl of fruit. Sam himself was watching him with a smile and raised his eyebrow in question.
Jan sat upright and Loki curled with his head up high when they reached them. They spoke nothing of his and Rhodey’s closeness, of how questionable it looked for their leader’s mate to be held by another while at the start of his heat. Any indication that his heat was in their thoughts was not physically present or expressed. If they were reacting positively or negatively to his scent they didn’t show it, leaving him in the dark to worry.
Somehow he managed to clear enough of the heated fog to process thoughts. “What do you have in mind?”
Tony nodded. Talking was currently too much effort.
For this chapter, nothing but Steve and Tony appreciating each other and acting silly, but they're finally starting the contract now.
Hammer suddenly rushed forward. The quick movement halting Tony’s words. His ex-alpha now stood steps away, almost at arms reach but not quite. If Hammer wanted to strike all he needed was to take one more step and lean forward. He appeared ready to.
Tony felt his dragon wanting to lash out and, in a strange phenomenon, he felt emotions coming from the beast. Emotions he wasn’t familiar with and felt foreign to his body and yet at the same time completely natural, as if he experienced it everyday.
. Dammit, Tony, your scent is strong in a
He sighed. “Does your shack have room for three more?”
Tony couldn’t risk being the honorable boy-scout Rogers demanded him to be. He already had enough weapons used against him. He was not going to allow another one to the list.
’ to foul the place. The gesture meant more to him than Jan would ever realize, even if he had already gone through the sorrow long ago. It was comforting and gave him hope.
By this point it was no secret that Bruce was different and possibly a dangerous omega in the eyes of the surrounding shifters, and Tony was glad they were leaving these shacks. The backlash they would get if for some reason they decided to stay now would be horrendous.
Unlike the previous morning this time they were all dressed for travel. They weren’t wearing their heavy armor that Tony and Bruce had seen on their trip to the mansion. Instead they were wearing a lighter set made of leather and steel that gave them more mobility and looked more comfortable compared the other set. They were also all already eating and munching away.
be this active, or even trying. Where was it finding the energy?
He couldn’t think about that now. The journey was ahead and Steve and their pack needed all the support. There was no time for his issues.
“And you’re going to be mine after Sam,” Clint blew a kiss.
There was a pause where Tony didn’t know what Natasha was going to do. She kept looking at him as if he was a strange specimen to be studied, and since she was an Avenger it was probably exactly what she was doing. She was studying him, trying to figure him out and probably trying to decipher why her pack leader suggested recruiting him. As a matter of fact, the rest of the Avengers seemed to be doing just that. It made Tony feel small and unworthy and all he wanted was to hide in his and Bruce’s shared shack, eating away his emotions with the seasoned rabbit.
Another roar echoed followed by three other roars and the three came face to face with four different frightening heads. They looked at the beast and they all knew what they were facing.
“Our pack wouldn’t allow it.”
This was all of their packmate’s cues. Those with minor wounds followed after the beta, removing the pieces that were not suited for the water and jumping in. Those requiring attention chose instead to sit by the stones and splash water on their upper bodies carefully to wash the sweat and dirt off. This mostly consisted of all the ladies of their pack and Loki. They all enjoyed the flow of water on their worn legs and let out a sigh of relief at the cool temperature.
He trembled for what the near future might bring.
“Anyone you know?” Tony asked without pulling his eyes away from the over-excited young shifters.
“Trying to run? That just won’t do. I’ll go for the ankles. You go for the arms. We’re tying them down right here right now,” Clint grinned and rubbed his hands together.
“You’re coffee always sucks, Bucky.”
. But then you came along!”
The little dragon jumps on the towel and pushes his head and shoulders into it, his hind legs pushing against the tiles and he slides halfway across the bathroom.
“Hello?” he calls.
He runs out of punching bags.
The faceplate is strong enough that it protects Tony from any serious damage but it also
it. Even more impossible. It has to be the most annoying noise in the world.
It’s cold and wet and Steve is drenched in seconds. “This is terrible,” he mutters. But he soldiers on because he has to get home somehow and he doesn’t have the money for a cab.
So when Tony finally asks Steve, Steve sort of blushes and stammers—adorably—and points to himself. And then Steve splays his hands out vertically, bends his middle fingers in and moves them back and forth against each other not quite touching them together.
Steve feels like the world is tipping sideways.
“Okay,” Steve says, stomach flipping. “Tony it is.”
as I am small and insignificant as I was in every other aspect of my life and will only break by true love’.”
Steve’s heart stutters to a stop in his chest. Then, it suddenly picks up at triple time, tripping over itself in an effort to beat right out of his chest.
“He was fine though! He called me an asshole and flew off!”
“Damn, Stark, how many times have you heard that?”
‘As a Quick Tip: when a question is asked in ASL, the qualifiers WHO, WHAT, WHEN, WHERE, WHY, and WHICH are placed at the end of the sentence or at both the beginning
But Steve’s never needed to show off his Words more than he does right at this moment. He leans into Tony’s space, brushing their lips together softly, and begs, “Please, let me show you.”
Again, a whimper. Or a whine. But definitely something sad and probably in pain.
“—stay home with him,” Bucky runs a hand through his loose hair as he passes by the coffee table again.
Steve laughs. “I’m fine, Bucky. I feel better than when I went to bed
Tony can see it, but it doesn’t mean he has to stay.
Steve, as with most romantic inclinations in his life, has no idea what to do about it. So he does what he usually does when it comes to his love life: he flounders.
“Hyp—hypocritical?”
Steve can’t decide if Tony is asking why he finds the lab peaceful or why Steve doesn’t pity him. The thought that Tony is asking why Steve would want to be his friend doesn’t even cross his mind.
Steve’s heart twists in his chest in the best way. He reaches up and fumbles for the zipper on his jacket and the buckles off his harness. Pulling his harness off, Steve says, “You didn’t need to do that for me.”
to think he could make up for that?
The door closes.
“I can’t believe you’re making me go through with this,” Bucky says.
Steve has the good graces to look confused. And then, suddenly, he’s rubbing a closed fist over his chest in a circle and telling Tony it’s not pity. That he really does enjoy the time they spend together and that he likes being down in the lab because it’s the only peaceful place in the mansion some days.
“But look at him! I can’t put him outside! He’ll drown. And he’s cold and hungry!”
“Thanks,” Steve says to Loki. He looks back at the man, who’s just holding the pants on his lap instead of moving to put them on. Steve can’t help but notice the guy’s lashes are incredibly dark. It’s as he’s studying the man’s face that Steve realizes he knows who this man is.
When Tony finally looks up from the wiring, it’s like in the movies—where the whole world stands still and it’s just the two of them. Tony’s never seen that look on anyone’s face before. And certainly never directed at him.
It’s three weeks later and Steve can’t find his glasses.
Steve gasps through his own needy climax, hips twitching and grinding until, exhausted, he presses kisses along Tony’s cheek to bury his face in the other man’s neck.
So when Tony meets Captain America in a glass-walled S.H.I.E.L.D. conference room and Steve Rogers himself says, “Mr. Stark. They tell me you’re mute,” Tony doesn’t flinch. He just signs, ‘Nice to meet you, Captain R.O.G.E.R.S.’ and waits for his A.I., J.A.R.V.I.S., to translate it.
Tony tries to move on. He doesn’t need a soulmate to be happy.
“Mmmhmm,” Bucky hums sarcastically.
The dragon chirps happily and launches himself as Steve again.
“It’s more than that,” Loki says evenly. “If it was a cold it wouldn’t have had such a problem but—you call him Baby, correct?—Baby didn’t just heal your cold. It was your heart, your anemia, your asthma, your scoliosis, your color-blindness. How have you not noticed? He’s give you so much.”
Somehow—some-fucking-how—Tony survives Afghanistan. The thought that stays with him through the entire time is ‘I survived the car crash that killed my parents. I survive being mute in a talking world. I
Steve nods, “Baby, the dragon, is this way,” and he closes the door and leads Thor down the hall.
Steve’s cuff chafes something awful.
“Alright, later then. Let’s go. Washer’s in the hallway.” Steve scoops up the towels, clothes, and the dragon, and makes his way to the hall closet where the washer and drier are kept. He places the dragon on the drier and throws everything into the washer. Once that’s started, he looks over at the red and gold creature and asks, “You hungry?”
The door to the lab bangs open so suddenly and so loudly that Tony drops his ice pack when he nearly jumps out of his skin.
Baby hops from Steve’s chest onto the bed and chirps again.
“And these are all…” Steve rests his cheek on his fist, thinking. “…Tools. They’re all tools. Aren’t they?”
name?”
Before Steve can try to force his foot farther down his throat with an apology, Stark flashes through a series of hand signs. A British sounding voice issues from Stark’s breast pocket,
Tony was always bad at telling himself no.
“I’m excited, too,” Steve finally says. Baby seems to settle, blinking slowly at Steve. “I hope they find him. I hope he’s okay, too. I remember when Bucky was MIA after his Humvee was— It… it’s not pleasant. Waiting and hoping it—” But Baby places a tiny paw on Steve lips and gives a small chirp.
Tony starts to snicker but it hurts, lord, it hurts, and he stops, hand pressing to his throat.
“Really?”
“Thanks, I guess. Being comforted by a dragon, won’t Bucky be impressed?” Steve mutters as he finishes shucking the last of his clothes. He tosses all of his wet things into the tub and grabs another towel to wrap around his naked waist.
Steve stills and looks down at his bare forearm. He hadn’t bothered putting his cuff on when he passed out the night before and he’d forgot to replace it when he left the room this morning.
Steve barely has time to smile before Tony’s kissing him again. Reality slams into Steve all over again: he’s Tony’s soulmate; Tony is
and then he entirely forgets how to breathe.
“What’s up? Did Sam finally convince you to let him drag you into the supply closet? Are we gonna gossip about it? Is he a good kisser?”
Arms crossed, Steve leans back into the workbench, trying to make himself small, as if that will take away some of the vulnerable weight of his last few questions.
“You just faked being sick to get out of cleaning.”
Bucky stands before Steve can and nods. “Yeah, one sec.” He grabs one of Steve’s pairs of sweatpants out of his chest of drawers and hands the bundle of fabric to the man.
Baby whines on Steve’s chest and Steve runs a hand down the dragon’s spine covered back.
After the enemy is defeated, Tony lands gently and quietly amongst the rest of the Avengers. His face is covered in his own blood, dripping red into his suit, and heart in his throat.
“I’m not alone, Bucks.”
Steve stares in wonder at this impossible man. He can’t help but ask, “How?”
Obie tells him everything will be okay and that he’ll handle everything.
Tony jumps, something dropping to the floor. He bends to pick it up and, as he straightens, slams a hand down onto his workbench as he sways on his feet.
Steve blinks, coming back into the conversation a minute late and a foot behind. “What was that?” He asks, carefully closing his sketchbook.
Steve can’t imagine that any unknown soulmate could ever make him feel as lightheaded and giddy as Tony does. Can’t imagine filling sketchbook after sketchbook full of intimate moments—a head tipped back in bliss, a face scrunched in passion, a hand wrapped around a hard and leaning cock—of anyone
The dragon, bringing the towel, traipses across the counter. Steve angles the drier onto the dragon’s chest. It trills excitedly, tiny claws grabbing the barrel and directing it under a wing.
“Yeah, yeah, I’ll wait,” Steve says, running hand through his hair as he paces next to his bed. Bucky’s still curled on the floor but he’s awake and watching Steve freak out.
Yet Steve—as he presses reverent kisses against Tony’s soulmark, pretending that the words there are
After a moment’s hesitation, Stark gestures to the small corner of his workshop that Steve’s heard referred to as ‘The Crash Zone’ simply because, as Pepper has said, Stark uses it ‘to crash out’ and take naps between bouts of working on the Avengers’ gear.
When Tony pulls back, some interminable time later, he signs a simple, I LOVE YOU, and presses it to Steve’s chest. For as many times as Steve’s has said it aloud, this is the first time he’s gotten it back. Steve cups his hands around Tony’s, reverently.
Tony builds an empire.
Baby squeaks and wiggles.
Tony’s looking over Janet’s shoulder as she speaks. Over her shoulder at the Avenger whose opinion matters most.
“Stay out of trouble. I’ll see you later.”
Baby chirps.
Baby whines, drooping.
“Tony—”
, Steve thinks, utterly shattered. He grabs at Tony, pulling him in and kissing him like he’s starving for it.
Those are his! Those are
“Do you need—?” Steve starts but Tony’s already grabbing the ice pack from the table and pressing it to his neck.
people say his Words to him, Steve among them. Tony, who—out of everyone Steve knows—most deserves to meet his soulmate, deserves the fabled happiness that comes with meeting your fated other half. Tony, whose soulmate must be Blank.
There are two very tall men in his doorway, one just slightly shorter than the other. The brunet, the shorter one, breezes past Steve without a word and he heads straight for the source of the whimpering. The taller, blond one gives Steve a wide smile and steps inside.
“I thought,” he stops, glancing back at the car. Steve clears his throat. “I thought he was still in the hospital.”
He continues, “I was in that alleyway for about a week, hissing and growing at anything that moved and it was
“Yeah,” Steve agrees slowly, “but doesn’t Clint
“Look. Tony.”
So Tony puts on a suit and asks Steve about himself.
Bucky turns and glares at Steve but Steve just raises his eyebrows in a ‘Go on’ gesture.
Natasha hums, opening the fridge. She returns the greeting with an even, “Good morning.” She grabs out the orange juice and pours herself a glass. Leaning against the counter she watches him for a long moment.
Tony thinks about Steve’s words a lot, too. The cuff Steve wears—sometimes leather, sometimes fabric—goes halfway up his forearm. Whatever his soulmate has to say, it must be a lot. Must speak for a solid three minutes at least. Tony wonders if it’s a prompt or a response. He wonders if the writing is big or small, if it’s even legible.
Steve blushes but he agrees to dinner before he can think better of it.
Steve nods, licking his suddenly dry lips. He spends a moment staring into Stark’s eyes trying to decide how sincere the other man is. He remembers meeting Howard Stark. But, while ‘asshole’ isn’t the word he’d use to describe the man, he can understand how the years could have changed him. In the end, time changes everyone.
“Yeah,” Steve agrees, raising a hand to rub at his eyes. He clears his throat and looks back down at Baby. He asks, “You hungry?”
“Don’t,” Steve lurches, smacking the tablet out of Tony’s hands.
“How about yesterday’s ham?”
to say.
Steve blinks down at his cuff. From one moment to the next, it’s like the rug’s been pulled out from under him and, while trying to catch his balance, someone’s pushed him down a set of stairs.
“I’m not here to question you, Mister Rogers.” She brushes a strand of hair behind an ear. “My name is Pepper Potts. I’m Tony Stark’s personal assistant.”
And Tony opens his eyes slowly. He twists his hand around and there they are.
Steve slams through the lab door heedlessly.
The therapist nods and tell him that that, at least, should be doable.
The dragon chirps again, snout under his scarf, by his ear.
Steve pouts, “Bucky.”
A murderer who designs killing machines and calls them peacekeeping devices.
Steve shrugs, avoiding everyone’s incredulous looks. “Means what I said.”
“Bye-bye!”
“You sure you don’t want to wait an hour for a ride? I’ll be off at three.”
