in his group. It had already been clear that the higher-ups took into account who appeared to work well with whom. Standing together, everyone regarded one another with something akin to caution, their Dragons on alert, all of them ignoring how the sun was already starting to beat down on them.
Cerioth also transformed, although he was far calmer as he stood protectively in front of his mistress. It was the first time that John had seen a Chinese Dragon even half-transform, and he couldn't help but gape from underneath Sherlock's protective wingspan.
Little did Sherlock know that John as he collected his bearings had no plans of hesitating in his goal to escape.
John wondered to himself, and noticed as Sherlock's gaze flicked briefly to a small birthmark on Molly's shoulder. At first glance, it was almost shaped like a tiny spiral.
instead of room, he thought that anything had to be better than the small steel box that the creature was currently residing in. At least if he could somehow convince the Dragon to relax in here, the likelihood of broken furniture (or bones) lessened somewhat than in his flat upstairs.
“Your measurements.” Sherlock said numbly, and John then felt the dominatrix’s eyes land on him. It seemed to John that she was taking everything Citrine was, everything
And though he never had held much belief in the Gods or Spirits, John found himself uttering a silent prayer of thanks towards the carving of the goddess of love and chance as Mary linked her silken sleeved arm about his own.
Sherlock, lying curled in the sand, twitched and rolled over. It was then that John saw, cut across his scalp with a jagged lightning strike, the wide gash that he had inflicted on the poor creature's skull. It bled sluggishly, a brilliant copper red that stained the sand beneath it, made inky curls sticky. There was no way the Selkie would rise any time soon. Which meant, the soldier realised with a sickly sort of resignation in his gut, that even if Sherlock could breathe, could swim in this form, there would be no way he would be awake in time before the tide rolled in.
John watched the little girl give Sherlock an apologetic wave, her high voice bidding farewell with a joyful
“An ex-Army doctor honourably discharged due to a shoulder wound. So simple really, pedestrian one might say. Yet
that was a painful realisation, that up until now, John had grown used to the sound of his own name on his Dragon’s lips. Sherlock stared resolutely at the ground, but his shoulders were squared as if for battle. His massive wings twitched behind him, as did his tail and ears, lashing like unsettled branches in the wind. His voice was a rumbling tsunami in his full form.
The detective's gaze was soft as he looked to the man, achingly so, and John felt his throat close hotly as he struggled to keep his breathing even. It was the same look.
project. Mycroft had seemed doubtful, the flexing of his hands upon the handle of his umbrella musing as he stared somewhere in the middle distance.
In the darkness, he lit a cigarette. It burned cherry-red as Moriarty’s laugh echoed across their mind, shiveringly close to the surface of wakefulness.
When he looks at you, he gave the impression that he knew everything about you, and yet nothing at all. Like he could see facts but not the person, see the life but not necessarily the experience. John found himself wondering when those eyes landed on him just what Sherlock saw.
All pretence of plausible disbelief melted from Mycroft's face. What replaced it instead was cold calculation, and his eyes narrowed even as his voice took on a deliberately careless tone.
The sound of his estranged parent’s voice down the line would make Mycroft’s hands clench into fists at his side, but his words would make his heart twist in his chest with unease.
“No, just you Sherlock. I told you, it's never been about your gender. There's a wall about you, one that would be there even if you were a girl. It's a part of you, and male or female even I can tell it would still hold its place. You're a person of walls.”
A moment later, Molly’s high chirp sounded in Sherlock’s thoughts. He could see her form at a distance, already preparing to land gracefully in front of the small shack in which most of the off-duty guards were resting.
The Dragon nodded emphatically, some of the worry leaving his eyes as he straightened. Those dark curls bobbed slightly as pale fingers moved to emphasize Sherlock's deductions that came to John's thoughts like a babbling brook unleashed. With his excitement his tail began to swish, twitching at the tip and
It was only after the barest breath of hesitance, that Sherlock did. The glow of their gems, bright and burning like fire in the evening light, was the last thing that either of them saw apart.
The young soldier didn't argue. Merely, he stood and brushed off Mike's worried glance, plastering on a small but exhausted smile as Sherlock followed behind. Only when the pair were out of view from the others did John feel Sherlock's cool hand gripping the hollow of his wrist. The soldier almost questioned why, until he heard the Dragon's thoughts.
He didn’t have time to vocalise his opinion of this however, as Tanzanite was already moving. John watched as the Gem effortlessly twirled around the edge of the lab table, long legs carrying her in a rapid movement that was filled with life and energy. Tanzanite lifted Morganite up as if she weighed nothing at all, and the other Gem responded to the touch with an arched back, leg extending up into the air even as the other curved. John watched, mouth falling open as together, the two figures danced. What was more, with their dancing, both of their Gems seemed to glow, emitting a soft light that seemed to shimmer over their forms, engulfing Sherlock and Molly both. He found himself standing, the stool he had been sitting on clattering as he felt inexplicable fear lodge itself into his throat.
so, first off I'd like to thank my new (and fantastic) beta Iolre, for being so wonderful volunteering to help me :) seriously guys, I think she's improved this chapter a lot, and I hope that with her helping out my writing quality will improve significantly XD
John shut his mouth then, before he could say something else daft. He considered a moment how he wanted to word his next question.
But before he can wonder at what might have distracted or distressed the Doctor so as to make him change his treatment of his most expensive item on his person he disappears to his room, the door closing softly above. The low click in the flat is an alien sound to Sherlock's ears, as he is used to living alone. With John's presence comes a wealth of little noises, things that are distracting in their newness and tempting to pull him from his thoughts. The most interesting thing is that the man didn't even seem to realize that he did it. He coaxed Sherlock to eat when he normally would have ignored his stomach's steady stream of complaints, and made him tea with sweet honey even though they barely knew one another.
Sherlock’s discharge from hospital was a celebratory affair on all sides. John had refused to leave his side upon waking and being explained the situation, and so the two hadn’t been free of hospitals and nurses and check-ups for several weeks now. They both chafed to be back at
, blue eyes slitting in interest as it continued its stream of commentary to itself. Dragon-Tongue was a strange, purring and clicking sort of language, and John found there was an almost therapeutic edge to the mumbling. It was like a comforting rumble right by his ear. As if the Dragon didn't even realize he was doing it. Though the creature flinched violently at his voice, it didn't run away. Instead it continued to eye the bacon hungrily, gluing itself to the entrance of the doorway even as John risked turning around slowly and deliberately. He kept his eyes trained on the floor, making sure his thoughts echoed submission even as he placed the plate down onto the tile and slid it a couple of inches forward in the creature's direction. All the while, he kept his voice low and calm.
for it.” It occurred to the detective suddenly, like a lightning storm shuddering over his spine. That he hated the stranger that peered at him from the reflection microscope's edges and pots sitting in the sink of the kitchen, glimpsed from the corner of his eye. He hated the slope of John's grin, so close to
He spun just in time to hear his sister scream “CATCH!” as his hands came up instinctively as the stone hurtled towards him. Just before he caught it, the smooth surface of the stone clipped the edge of his brow. He winced, holding its smooth surface in its palms. His growl of “
And for a moment, the man thought that perhaps John had fought through. That the consulting criminal had vanished, leaving behind an innocent smile and a soft gaze. However, the Irish brogue still held as John spoke, and his words were anything, anything at all but soft.
that only cut off when a curious hesitation came over John's form. Sherlock watched as the man's posture melted when he came to face him from childlike elation to a sort of fearful hesitance. The detective watched as John's blue eyes filled with something blank and unsure, badly hidden by a grin that looked more reflexive than real.
The detective's shrug was delicate, like the spreading of a sparrow's wings. His eyes were cat-like, reading John's posture carefully. The depth of his drawling voice rumbled through the living room.
John didn’t know, but his mouth set itself into a grim line as he thought. He had seen kidnappings in war, hostage situations, but none of that really compared. He had experienced a war zone, and this was a sleepy little town that ran mostly on fishing. Who in their right mind would have anything to gain from a kidnapping? The chilling thought that there could be nothing to gain was unthinkable. People could be monsters, John knew this. Still, he couldn’t frighten Mrs Hudson. Not like that. He forced his best smile on his face, hugging her reassuredly.
Though he personally did not see Dodge as evil, she would have to be watched. If she took on such an expression while looking at John now...
John swallowed and nodded, hands curling into fists at the mention of his responsibility over other lives. As a medic alone, he knew he'd feel the weight of more lives on his shoulders than the average soldier. Now however, he could feel the pressure all too clearly. For one dizzying moment, he felt as if he were ten years old again, holding a baseball bat and expected to hit the ball on his first try. His father had been having one of his good days, and he hadn't wanted to disappoint him. As if sensing the darker direction in which his thoughts had twisted themselves, Sherlock's rumbling voice hummed in his thoughts like a salve.
John wondered just how many times he had been Disciplined that such a powerful creature could be reduced to a serving boy.
A thick, sticky silence stretched outwards when the Dragon didn’t respond, instead merely narrowing his eyes in open distrust. Sherlock’s head tilted to the side in a reptilian, calculating fashion. He was mildly unsettled when the man before him copied the movement effortlessly.
John thought that if he never saw them again, it’d be too soon. The army medic thought about the blood that had covered him earlier that day, and the black smoke that had rose into the night air in thick clouds.
Their flat was very much as it had been before they left, though Mrs Hudson’s fluttering about certainly meant that it was a tad cleaner. Sherlock politely put up with the fussing for a while, but as the hours went on it was clear that John was beginning to flag under the stimulation. The army doctor was slumped into his chair, and there were dark circles under his eyes that made the detective suspect that John had pretended to sleep more often than not while in the hospital. Finally Sherlock managed to herd their landlady towards the door, not unkindly waving her off until she finally patted his cheek and went away.
surprise him was how the child's eyes grew round, and how John clutched at his ears like they burned as Claude looked to him and said in wonder filled with incredulity
Even though John didn't always know how far to push the Dragon, he knew somehow deep in his gut that today was the day. This was for many reasons, but a large one was quite simple: they had run out of time. Sherlock
“You'll be pleased to be informed, brother mine that John Watson was detained just as he was leaving for the country, around West Ruislip. He's currently making himself at home in my office... playing with books and stacking them actually... I believe this personality calls herself Claude?”
time John noticed was so obvious, that things finally clicked for the good doctor. Puzzle pieces finally came together.
But whatever Jounhin was, it certainly didn't seem enough for all of the fuss the Prophecy had implied. Sherlock scowled, eyes darkening even as he sighed sharply through his nose.
Without much thought, the Incubus found himself distracting James with ease. “Surely something as inane as a human isn’t capturing your interest.”
John could imagine the sour-lemon look that would have likely habituated Mycroft’s face and snorted, covering his mouth in vain with his hand to stifle the noise.
John thought. He took a deep breath then, because what he was about to do would put him in a very vulnerable position. However, he didn't think he had much choice at this point. He was already beginning to get more air into his lungs, and now they cried greedily for him to continue. Letting his eyes flutter shut as if feigning sleep, the young man bore the most vulnerable part of him towards the Dragon's teeth.
“Past. Past, I am the past.” She continued to mumble slowly, the words slightly slurred with exhaustion. John’s hands plucked uselessly at the fabric of his own jeans, fingers running along seams and bare feet. Sherlock hummed noncommittally, rubbing small circles into the base of John’s neck. Slowly, soothingly. Blue all but melted under the touch, childlike and vocal about the innocent touch like it was a gift sent from God. Her murmurings were filled with blissful delight, and the fact that John could be so unused to such simple tactile sensations made the detective want to clench his fists, attack anyone who might have made his companion feel as if he were unworthy.
She looked down at her hands, long and delicate, tinged a jade green. It was disorienting, to be looking out from four eyes instead of two. The kitchen seemed brighter somehow, more detailed. She was also taller, towering even above Sherlock’s height. As her hands came to the top of her head, she realised that her hair was curly, yet her cheeks rounder than Sherlock’s.
John cracked a yawn, rubbing his eyes before swinging his legs over the edge of the bed. His voice was rueful, thick with sleepiness that faded away as he saw the restless tick in the Selkie’s hands.
Sherlock was first aware that it was happening again when he realised that the idea of John leaving sent a spike of something hot and unwanted rippling painfully through his chest.
The souring ripple of emotions leaves a metallic taste of panic on his lips, and he croaks out a distressed
It might have gone this way forever, if it hadn’t been for the fact that Sherlock was rather prone to invading people’s personal space.
Yet it had quickly gotten out of hand when the elder Holmes had looked upon his younger brother's form, pale eyes sweeping over his rail-thin frame, paling at what he saw. Immediately, Sherlock's worse secrets were thrown hissingly out into the open, Mycroft unable to believe quite what he was seeing through deduction, for once unable to control his emotions as he'd snarled “
Mycroft's expression was unreadable, but it seemed to hold in it the faintest hint of doubt as he blandly replied “One can only hope.”
“All of you are welcome in the North.” The greeting was standard, and the princesses seemed to look at him with amusement. They were older, and Mycroft got the distinct impression that they thought his stiff mannerisms were
A soft, high voice came from John's mouth, its sound bright and carrying the easy timbre of an overly excited child in it. It was no longer in a Scottish accent either, instead seeming to have a cadence that was actually pretty similar to John's. Except younger.
John was oblivious to the fact that Sherlock was boring a hole into him with his staring, so used to it by now that he barely flinched away from it anymore. He padded over to the kitchen and opened the cupboard over the sink, hunting about for his favourite cup and saucer while his thoughts ran towards a nice cuppa. He frowned however when his fingers brushed against the empty expanse of counter, and backing up he peered into the living room closely. Sherlock was seated in his favourite chair now, hands folded under his chin in prayer-like form as his eyes roved in thought. Beside him lay the tea tray.
John watched helplessly as the spirit left, his anger doused. He had the sudden thought that Sherlock could go where he pleased, could
From across the room, Sherlock stiffened as he saw the English Dragon tower over his Master. A low growl rumbled from his throat, drowning out the palpitations of his heart. Andy sighed, leaning back as he removed the stethoscope from his ears. He kept his voice low and conversational.
"He kept begging for someone named Sherlock on the way to the hospital," she murmured, hands clasped lightly in her lap.
He emphasized the threat by having his tail lash a little harder. Kneeling on the floor, the petite Dragon did not
that.” John could feel the way in which Sherlock bristled, even if his voice sounded rather small and pathetic. The Dragon sat up the tiniest bit, looking down at John and paling a bit when he realised their positions. Sherlock’s scales- once stained seething acid-green- were now becoming a sort of blush tone. The soldier found the sight peculiar, as normally the Dragon’s scales didn’t deviate much into shades of red. The fact that he even knew that fact alone should have been a testament to John’s devotion to Sherlock. It was beginning to get unsettling, really.
A piece of leather, so simple and yet the chip inside it held a frightening amount of power. How long until John Watson shed his sheep-like disguise and became one of the monsters? How long until all of this insane dream came crashing down around his ears? This, this was so
“John is mine for utterly selfish reasons. And you are my comrade because you protect John.” This was rather hard to believe, Sneak was tempted to point out, considering the detective would not let go.
the treasure hidden away from prying eyes. The small smile that would tilt upwards on the Dragon's face when he sometimes did so made the purchase well worth it, in John's mind. He promised to take Sherlock to the market again at some point, if only to see the children.
Nervous ticks, Victor had a habit of picking up on them. As it was, he saw Sherlock's upper lip twitch in distaste, masking the surprise he felt for outrage. Victor to be honest didn't blame Sherlock for feeling overwhelmed, as it was he was desperately trying to understand a situation that had crept up on him seemingly from behind. He had no clue who this strange man was, but he seemed to be accusing his friend, and that alone did not sit well with him. Automatically he could feel his proverbial hackles rising at the bored, slightly haughty expression on the man's face before him, and sleep-deprived as he was Victor thought not much of snapping “Who in the
just so the village can be content in the knowledge that their thrice-damned guardian got his rocks off in this shitty fucking
Three days passed since John’s waking, and Sherlock was already reluctantly elbows-deep in the files Mycroft had given him. He was loathe to admit it, but the man seemed to know just what interested the Dragon, despite his animosity. Puzzles were given to him in the form of unsolved mysteries, whether true or untrue, Sherlock couldn’t say. He didn’t have access here to the news, and even if he did, he wasn’t sure the files given to him would be put on national television. The vast majority presented were curious, strange, or simply, chaotic.
He stated the fact plainly, but something in Mycroft’s expression was shadowed. John could feel a twisting sensation in the pit of his stomach. Sherlock was many things, but he was far from a
Iolite fixed John with a steady gaze, a violet finger reached out to brush along the victim’s neck. The ex-army doctor, unable to help himself drew closer. He found the Gem pointing to an almost nonexistent mark, tiny.
Sneak paused, shifting closer to that his face was mere inches away from the detective's. His eyes flicked over Sherlock's face, smoke curling about him as he exhaled, lingering on the man's cupid mouth and sharp cheekbones. In his gaze Sherlock could see hunger, and not the kind of craving for food or things of mortality.
“If I'm awake you know it's about time I head out again. Find someone. I mean, I don't have much to do here. This flat's a little boring, y'know.”
As he rose, he read the words he had been staring at for most of the evening, the paragraph written in wide, looping handwriting, ornamented with swirling lines and curving “E”s.
“Well, what is it that you need to say to me then? What must I watch out for this time, hm? Killer assassins? Vampyres? I mean, if
However, when that bullet tore into Sherlock's hip, John hadn't cared about modesty. No. He had only cared about the mad man bleeding out on the ground, had only cared about stopping that bright, vivacious red liquid from pouring out
His hand undid the safety deftly, his legs taking firing stance automatically, and raised his arms. Like a clockwork machine, John fell into the movements like they were part of him, the noise around him fading away until there was nothing left, nothing at all but the target, his own breathing and his gun.
counterparts gained control for too long. Why would your death inconvenience me? When you're not the only 'experiment' to emerge from Baskerville as a partial success?”
Muffled behind his hands, Mycroft's voice held no triumph. Instead, it was vaguely sad. “You wouldn't come home. I had no choice.” For a moment, he was no member of the British government. Just a tired young man, haggard and overworked. Mycroft's calm demeanour melted into something small. Defeated in the knowledge that he'd broken something beyond repair. “You can't go on like this. You'll die. And if you won't accept my help, then you'll accept that of a friend.”
“Figured what out?” John's brow furrowed, but he paused to listen and heard the radio, still playing through the flat. Not music, but words drifted from its speakers, an old mystery audio tape. Some kind of slash thriller. A woman's very fake screams radiated from it, followed by cheesily eerie music. Realisation hit John, and he broke into a small smile as he looked to Sherlock and grinned.
had felt the same way. Their Fusion… it was like bathing in sunlight, pure joy and warmth and excitement, all mingled together with a strong bond of affection. It amazed Tanzanite, and also frightened her in turn. How had she not recognised her own feelings before? How did
She introduced herself with a small curtsy, coming to stand before John after a moment in which she stared at him fixedly, seeming to take in his presence as much as he was taking in hers.
As a result, Sherlock was one of the first to hear the alarm, blaring in the distance a shrill and fearful warning. Two long cries, one short. The Dragon felt his heart tighten in his chest.
This was something John could do. His family had been poor, growing up. Sometimes, when people were poor and thirsty, your neighbours grew desperate. He’d had to grit his teeth and hold his grown many times as a kid, if only to ensure that his family had enough water to drink at the end of the day. Some of the steel in his expression must have showed, because Greg nodded in approval.
No! All of my livestock!” and proceeded to dramatically die on the ground, much to the other kid's delight. They all burst into collective giggles, not even noticing the clouds gradually gathering dark and pregnant in the sky. Grey as stone.
Standing in his usual pristine suit, Sherlock swayed gently by the window of Baker Street, his chin tilted to cup his violin as with deft fingers he drew his bow across strings pressed gently to their neck. The sound that came from the violin was low and sweet and sad, aching, and John felt his throat tighten from it even as he looked the detective over frantically, trying to gauge if he was okay. The detective looked thinner, and more tired than John had ever seen before. As if he hadn't slept once over the course of the four nights he had disappeared into his room. Dark purple smudges marked the underside of Sherlock's cerulean gaze, and the man seemed determined not to look at his companion as he continued to play the piece to its completion. It was only when the song finished with a mournful key that John even realised what surrounded the detective's feet. Packed bags greeted him, and the army doctor felt his heart leap into his throat as without further hesitation he rose, blocking the doorway with the physical manifestation of his body.
Sherlock's dreams were uneasy as he slept, hovering somewhere between the line of nightmare and merely unsettling. The Dragon felt cold frost under his bare feet, and the clink of a chain bound about his neck, connected to his collar. Smaller, he was so much smaller. His hands were rounded and slightly chubby as he wrapped them about his chest, and his shoulders hunched as snow kissed his hair, turning dark curls white. The chain about his ankle also clattered, but it clattered with the march of hundreds of other feet. Other children, lined up in front of and behind him. Their breaths streamed in wisps before them, and those not able to handle the cold shivered and moaned, clutching their clothing about the frail Human form they were forced to take. Their footprints left trails in the mountainous regions, a single line of upturned snow lead by a Human in a black cloak, his cruel grey eyes observing their procession with a disgusted sneer.
His hands scratched at his collar roughly in thought, eyeing the ice-cubes with distrust as he debated with himself whether or not to take the rather obvious bait. On the one hand, it was evident that this was an optional choice. The young man hadn't forced him anywhere by using the clicking thing, nor had he implied any sort of violence towards Sherlock unless his life was directly threatened. He hadn't even used the zapping tools, and
“Mike, Molls, this is Sherlock. He's a bit of a git at times, but he's my partner and friend.” His Dragon preened slightly at the words of praise, although he did his best not to look so pleased. Sherlock inclined his head to the cowering English Dragon, his voice rippling smoothly along her mental wave in greeting.
if he might end up getting injured. This woman was a viper, and John, for all of his steadfastness and bravery was as breakable as an egg shell against a bullet. Dodge meanwhile appeared indifferent to the immediate danger, sighing with irritation as she repeated herself for she felt was the tenth time.
There was a click of the safety of the gun being removed, and John briefly reflected on the fact that he was likely going to end up bleeding for Sherlock Holmes. It wouldn’t have been the first time, and somehow that thought threatened a hysterical sort of laughter to build up inside of him. He stifled it, cringing away from the weapon.
“I know you're family's trying to marry you and Harriet off to wealthier villages, and what with my small dowry from the orphanage, I didn't think I'd stand a chance.”
Closer still, and John almost reached out, feeling a dull pain in his chest ache at the proximity. A part of him screamed at himself, was shouting above the din in animalistic terror that he was being so easily controlled. Manipulated. Yet so easily it was drowned, lost in a pool of want, deep in the pit of his stomach. Sherlock's words were a salve to a bleeding wound, and the wound had been festering for so long, left to bubble and grow infected. His hands just brushed the bluish vein of a pale wrist, shivering as he felt the heat coming off of both the creature's body and heated stare, when John's mind gave one last futile attempt at fighting.
Mrs Hudson's gaze softened into nothing more than wet tears, and somehow that was worse, far worse than the old woman's ire. She looked over the man critically, more her son than a tenant to a flat, and noted with some surprise just how pale the detective was, how he seemed to have lost weight. Sherlock had a tendency to be on the thin side, but he didn't normally look so gaunt, like a skeleton attempting to remain upright. There were dark, purplish shadows blooming under his eyes, and his long fingers were restless, tapping away. Though the elderly woman didn't know of the true danger of Sherlock's physical state, she did indeed know some things, and that was that her detective was prone to bouts of what could only be described as depression. Fits of ennui of which in the past used to cripple him, drain the colour out of the world around him. At one time, the young man might have solved this sadness, this disgust with the human race by stimulating his thoughts with drugs. Powerful thing, cocaine was. As well as heroin. Mrs Hudson's own husband had been involved in all sorts of sordid things of that nature, and she knew first-hand how very easy it could be to lose control. Henry hadn't always been a bad man, and it hadn't been until it was too late that she had been able to see the darkness that had consumed him. She was no stranger to waking up with bruises, to feeling as if the world had gone grey overnight, washed out by tears and sleepless nights. She knew that Sherlock had once been a little girl named Shyla, and she knew from that alone the detective arguably had enough ammunition with which he could likely justify a relapse.
John couldn't help but be reminded of his own grief years prior; how the loss of Sherlock had shook him to his core. While he had lost all rights to feel bad for himself, he had made his choice at the Fire Swamp, John could still use his experiences to help his new family-in-law through this dark period.
“Are you okay?” Molly asked, concern covering her face. Reaching forward, she placed a hand to her forehead. “You feel about the same but you look unwell. Well, more so.”
It was another hour before Sherlock brought them to a stop, in the distance behind them, along the upper lip of the valley, Prince James’ party had come into sight. John expected Sherlock to panic, but was surprised once more by the madman when he let out a laugh. “Ha! It seems your pig betrothed is too late!” Sherlock looked victorious, but there was an edge to his joy as he braced himself for what lay ahead. They had outrun the Prince, but their next obstacle wasn’t any more pleasant. He squeezed John’s hand before laying his forefingers against his wrist. The accelerated, yet steadfast beat of John’s heart grounded him. Steeled him to the dangers ahead. “In just a few steps, we shall be within the safety of the fire swamp.” He declared, pressing a quick kiss to John’s temple before the man had a moment to process what he said before being tugged along towards a foreboding shadowy forest.
He heard a horse, it sounded like the his own, and the slight tear of fabric. A new voice, positively female - French toned but not as strongly as it had been before, called over. “What is it you are doing Hope? We're ready to head off!” She inquired, curious but also judgment tinged.
But he wasn't ready for the sight of Sherlock Holmes dressed to leave, luggage at his feet. John blinked in confusion, rubbing the sleep from his eyes as the man gave him a sad smile, the kind that tried it's best not to look sad but could still be spotted in their eyes.
His arms clung around his neck, squeezing his arms just so to impede oxygen flow. Lestrade reached for him, but he was just out of grasp over his own broad shoulders. The Giant rerouted. Backing up against the rocks and slamming to The Man in Black onto them. He heard him groan but his grip remained tight. “You are strong.”
A balcony below, dressed in the same colours but reversed, Prince John stepped out into view of the crowds for the first time. The sun catching the blue brooch he wore and catching the colour in his eyes for even the people furthest away to spot. He felt his insides clench, all the expectant eyes bore through him in a most intimidating fashion. For a moment, he expected the crowd to reject him; thinking him nothing special and undeserving of his status.
After several minutes, the Count seemed to come to a stop in front of a patch of trees which appeared to hold no significance to Lestrade. Pausing in silence, in the dark before from the east, a small, disgusting looking fella wandered over to him.
to watch you work, but I have our country’s 500th anniversary to coordinate, my wedding to plan, my husband to murder and Guilder to blame for it - I’m swamped.”
. Yet the white lingering powder filled in the rest.  “Iocane powder.” he identified, passing the vial to Charles for inspection.
The Man in Black reached the rock formations, the trail was still fresh which meant that he wasn't too far behind. The joy of battle aside, he hadn't quite anticipated the slowdown of the duel. Precious time had been lost. His mind was recalibrating. Attempting to reform the ideal plan - the best route when something abruptly shook him from his thoughts. The shaking smash of a rock nearly colliding with his head.
As a boy, King James had serviced in his father’s, King Victor, army in the great war against Florin’s enemy across the channel, Guilder. The war between the two kingdoms had a long history, and it went through many cool periods. Nobody could truly remember the cause of it anymore, historians long debated the source of conflict and could never truly come to a consensus. The most everyone knew was that every hundred years or so, something would spark trouble and the neighboring countries would war until someone got bored and stopped. During King James’ time in battle, he had suffered great loss with his comrades and when he took the throne he ushered in the current Era of tolerating peace between them. He saw many families torn apart and wanted to use his power to help not harm.
John’s vision was suddenly navy blue as the scarf wrapped around his eyes. Feeling it knotted securely as a makeshift blindfold. He wondered what use in blindfolding him was until he felt the unmissable tip of a sharp object press warningly against his throat.
He had spent hours with the man, he had heard his strange comments before - ones that always just felt like morbid humour akin to Sherlock’s own. Perhaps that was what had made the comment have less of an edge, but thinking back, John couldn’t tell if the humour was true or if he had just imagined that part because he had wanted to believe it.
Perhaps it was this that made the young Prince less personable than his father; not that it mattered much as a Prince. His father was to deal with people while he made sure he lived long enough to sire a son either with a wife or with a nurse, should he select a consort over a queen.  People bored Prince James though, he even grew weary of Count Charles after a while, and that was the man whom he trusted the most. The gravity of this situation, however, didn’t fully hit the Prince until the day he was watching an executioner ward off group of unarmed prisoners in one of the pits in the Zoo.
to understand his actions, didn't he? “John, what are you doing?” he asked, voice holding onto a final hope that there was some greater plan in motion.
So much so in fact, the he missed the ripple in the water that was beelining directly to him until just before the jaw of a shrieking eels was widening to attack-
John felt his heart twist as he took a brave stride toward the man, getting just close enough to The Man in Black to see the medallion worn under his clothes. The Skull and the Sword, the insignia that bore on the flag of the
The Count! The Prince! John! Oh things were worse than he could have imagined, not only was John in danger but there was a cruel murderer whispering in the ears of the man John should be fearing the most. He had confronted him, sort of. That’s where everything is blurry. He remembered being manhandled, someplace dark and cold. Hands. Hands touching him and he wanted to fight and scream but he couldn’t.
Count Charles let out a sharp breath as one by one, the two figures abruptly vanished into the ravine below. “They’re gone, your highness.”
The wine had been swiped from a rube who had been to distracted by her pretty face and perfected Italian on her way into the woods. It had been hard to miss the tall tale versions of the events that had played out once The Man in Black had knocked her out on the cliff-side. She had been more surprised than anything, after being swallowed by blackness, to feel a dull ache on the back of her skull and a chill in her bones where she had been lain out on the rocky terrain all night.  The fact the cold alone hadn’t killed her was more of the miracle in itself.
The Prince was intelligent. He was cunning and clever. He could be charming, but the people didn’t love him like they loved his father. This would be a problem should those promises of war be made good. Nobody would want to follow him into battle.
A growling voice, one that John could feel the vibrations of as he was jostled about, responded. “Oi, I did my best, Hope.” he complained, leaving John to figure out of he was Adler or Lestrade.
The square erupted once more, exclaiming in support - wanting to see whom among their ranks was worthy of the future king.
The Man in Black's laugh was visible in his eye before it was audible, a smirk plain on his face as he turned toward the captive prince. “What value does the promise of a countryman hold, even while dressed like royalty? You are too funny, your highness.”
The pirate rolled his eyes coyly. “Oh well, I can't just let people think I've gone soft. Everyone would start groveling at my feet and begging and it would waste so much time that could be better allocated then listening to the desperate final pleas of countless.”
John could only glare, “No. He was of minor noble birth, but it wasn't anything more than a title his parents held. He was second born, so he didn't even inherit that. That didn't matter though because he was a great man. A madman, but amazing nonetheless...” His own life could be mocked by this man all he wanted, but he wouldn't let the Pirate diminish Sherlock. He could still perfectly envision every angle in his face, the cupid bow of his lips and how soft they had been when they had kissed, the messy curl that could never be tamed despite Lady Holmes’ efforts, the eyes he could stare into for hours and how magical they seemed in their shifting colours.
John, who had by this point been resting in his tiny chair by the fire, looked up. Confused before realising what Sherlock referred to before looking slightly grim. “Oh… err, my apologies sir. I forgot myself. It won't happen again.”
Prince John stood, wrists bound, clothes dampened and restrained by a single hand on his shoulder Lestrade. Yet now that he could see him and the fear of a painful death passed, all John could think of was the brooch that dangled from Hope’s shirt. A fear of it slipping and falling to be lost into the waves below. The Man in Black almost forgotten by him entirely until Hope spoke again, his back to John.
He watched keenly, trying to logic whom would be victorious, skill or swarm. The Prince hardly noticed that Count Charles had entered the court until he spoke, splitting his focus. “Your highness, may I have a word?” the Count spoke, carefully as he knew how the Prince hated to be disturbed as they worked.
“A bit late for that, I'm afraid.” he answered, stepping into the room where Rosie could better see the bright red spots on his face.
John remembered the night Sherlock fell off the barn roof, how he had panicked when his friend didn't respond right away. How firm he had been to make sure he got better. He could still feel how Sherlock's pulse felt in his fingertips from when he gripped his wrist. He thought of how he looked earlier, how his stomach clenched when he thought him as beautiful. He thought back to the man he first met, placing him side by side in his mind with the man who loved him. It was near impossible to believe it was the same man. Yet it was. Sherlock Holmes loved him and had been telling him every day for ages and John had only just clued in now.
Those words stung, and perhaps Sherlock saw the pain in John's face for he immediately reached out as John took a step back. Capturing his wrist in his hand, two fingers pressed along the pulse point of his quickening heart. “No, no, let me finish…” Sherlock pleaded, a tone of desperation he had never once heard before in his voice. Gone was the demanding orders for the Farm Boy, he was asking John for something now. “...you ran away before you could say it but I knew what you were saying.  Of course I did Farm boy, I have imagined you figuring it out and coming after me so many times. It's only cruel irony that you came to the realisation when you did.”
He looked venomous at his words. “Not going to happen!” Sherlock bellowed, hand gripping tighter on his blade.
In Florin’s 496th year, Prince James had started to spend half of his days doing his princely duties and the other half (as well as many nights) tending to his own interests. Fortunately, as this was a time in which Hunting was an acceptable means of sport without all the questionable morality that surrounds it today. So were many of the sports that members of the Royal Guard and visiting dignitaries liked to partake in, such as dueling, jousting and other matters of violent sport. Prince James never liked to dirty his hands and partake directly, when avoidable, but he couldn’t deny a slight thrill that came from entering the ring himself at times. No, for the Prince, these were spectator sports that he liked to direct. Guide the pawns into their place and watch the victory.
An hour and a half later, Sherlock frowned bitterly as the farm boy patched him up. “This wouldn't have happened if you hadn't been so impertinent!”
By the time he came to once more, night had fallen and they were surrounded by water on all sides. John’s wrists were bound uncomfortably but not enough to cut circulation off entirely, whereas her noticed his ankles had been freed. Probably as it wasn't needed with there nowhere for him to run. Not that he had ever had much in the way of sea legs.
Sherlock’s eyes struggled to adjust to the darkness, in the shadows he could make out that the suction cups all seemed to have a lead that was connected to a monstrous contraption that he couldn’t fully see, but didn’t need to see to know it wasn’t good. Yet, what his eyes lacked was made up in hearing as he heard the shuffling of footsteps and the sound of something being carted with them. Slowly from the darkness, a pasty little man with piercing blue eyes and a chubby gait toddled over to him. His cart, more akin to a wheelbarrow, rested by his side as he pulled out a solution and rag, gently beginning to dab his wounded shoulder.
“You aren’t going to like this.” Sherlock iterated, looking towards the ravine path with a solemn gaze. “Come on…” He held his hand out hesitantly, gone was the forceful pirate who had gripped him and dragged him along the hills and valleys, and replaced was the youthful lad he had fallen in love with so many summers ago. John didn’t reach for his hand, but instead clasped his wrist. Taking that as all the incentive he needed, Sherlock Holmes broke into a light run as John Watson followed him with equal daring.
John pulled the reign, bringing the beast to a stop before dismounting. Approaching with only slight trepidation at the sight of people in the King's Forest. While he was certain people came in all the time without being caught, he had never encountered it himself or had ever given thought to the possibility of what he would do ( or should do ) if it ever happened. “Are you alright madam?” he called forth. Steadying the stead before going forward to meet them.
Roberts didn't wait for John to respond before gripping his harshly by the arm and dragging him once more over the hillsides. Their rest was apparently over now.
“Adler, I told you not to overdo it this time!” the man dictated, “and you, Lestrade you great lummox; had you been two seconds too late the idiot would have been able to run away! Then where would we be?!”
“Rosie? Sweetie?” Molly shook her shoulder gently as Rosie groaned softly. “Come on hun, you need to take your medicine now.”
escape your lips?!” he snapped, “You were not hired for your brains, so leave the thinking to the intelligent ones!”
: Limited, admittedly, but further proof to the theory was what he could see was lacking in any form of natural light. Even dungeons often taunted their prisoners with sunlight to prevent madness when available. If they wanted him in peak condition, they wouldn’t want him going mad in the dark if they could help it. That was why there were a few torches in the room, offering small but acceptable light for his mind.
“Which leaves the other twenty to me, plus Count Magnussen… that’s… not an ideal balance.” She sighed, frustrated, “
“Mollllllyyyyy” Rosie groaned, dramatically flopping against the pillows, pulling a nearby one over her face to burrow herself in it.
His fists clenched, suddenly feeling a passing discomfort at his lack of modesty. Count Charles was about to torture him, that had been expressed when he first awoke, but he was speaking to him in the tone one would to a lover. Yet the sentiment didn’t reach his frosted eyes that had looked down upon Sherlock’s fists. The Count crouched down by his side, his hands ungloved for a rare moment as they reached for Sherlock’s. Forcibly clenching his fist, lifting his hand up slightly with his left as his right lightly caressed them. “Oh, I covet your hands, Mr Holmes; though since you’re still alive, I suppose you get to keep them for now. Look at them… a musician’s hand. An artist’s… or a woman’s….”  Charles clasped it possessively as he leaned over, his face hovering just over Sherlock. “Apologies for the dampness of my touch, you’ll get used to it. Now, as for today - since this is our first try, we are going to use the lowest setting.” Charles pressed a soft kiss to Sherlock’s cheek before pulling away, giving a nod to his assistant. His stomach churned, his skin burning as if he had been struck instead of pecked. All psychosomatic; he knew but no more pleasant for it.
Prince James grinned to himself, imagining the fight that went down and the brains that contributed to it. “There was,” he began, “a mighty duel. Can't you all see?”
“Yes, well… The Prince is preoccupied with his plans naturally. I ran out of use in that department for the time being, so I figured I’d utilize the free time I have left before we’re all occupied else wise.” there was an unmissable dark and knowing tone to his words that was echoed in the face of the other man.
Molly and Sherlock gave John a look, who gulped before sighing in defeat. “Absolutely nothing, I was just… surprised by the casting… Molly if you would like to start now?”
So when Prince James had received his reports at the breakfast table, before his fiancé joined them, and read aloud the report to his servants’ fretful ears that the shadowy league determined to remove Prince John’s head from his neck were loitering with new men in their border; the prince did everything he could to refrain from an amused grin as a maid gasped in horror and dropped her tray. Earning her a harsh scolding from a butler in hushed tones before banishing her from the room.  Not before given the strict order from the Prince himself, mind you, to keep what she heard to her chest.
Two years passed, and even though they were to be married and spent significant portions of the day together  (training and preparing John for the same duties James had studied for a lifetime, very daunting to say the least ), the two were still no more than friendly acquaintances. Prince James hardly seemed to notice, or if he did he really didn't care much. They didn't have much in common in terms of interest, and John didn’t feel up to following him around on his mystery experiments. It would make him think of Sherlock too much; and thinking of Sherlock was not something he let himself do.  Fortunately for him, his days were stacked to the brim with tasks and lessons to the point where there was very little daylight available to think on such thoughts. It was only at night, in his suite overlooking the barracks in which he had once slept that John’s mind dared to wander.
- Count Charles came into view behind the odd man, he looked over Sherlock with the kind expression a country doctor would hold for his patient. “Good morning, did you sleep well? Did you even know it was morning?” he asked curiously to Sherlock. “Culverton, fetch me the logbook - today’s the day.
. Her voice accented slightly, so perhaps that hadn't been entirely false yesterday but nowhere near as strong or overpowering as it had been in the Woods.
“If I have any say in it,” His fiancé began, groaning as he rolled his shoulder to refrain it from going numb, “that is the last time. We have to near the end now, I can see some light starting crack through the trees.” John pressed his lips to his forehead before twisting his face. Sherlock smirked and let out a chuckle. “Snow Sand?”
That just nearly broke John’s heart, squeezing her little hand in his. “I'm sorry sweetheart, but I'm not leaving you now. You and I get to be sick together, which is a better than being sick alone don't you think?”
The Man in Black paused, connecting dots in his head before a curl of his lip and a knowing grin spread across his face. “India, three years ago? That would be around the time of the scandal with the Prince wouldn't it?”
John shouted in displeasure as he felt himself hoisted up off the ground and thrown over Lestrade’s shoulder in an graceless manner. Adler shot John a respectful bow of her head before turning back to the cliff to wait for her opponent.
Roberts clicked his tongue, an expression of mock offense colouring his face as that dark velvety voice of his rumbled. “Hardly complimentary, did they not teach you any manners when they plucked you from the countryside? Why do you hold such venom for me as opposed to the ones who stole you?”
Fun fact: This chapter was the first bit of the story I wrote. I actually wrote it twice, once like this and another time with the roles reversed. I was having trouble deciding who should play whom - maybe as a bonus, I'll upload the alternate take after the story is done.
“Really?” The Prince seemed to take this into consideration. “Let’s go down to the ground, get a closer look.”
The Man in Black took a deep breath, Lestrade slowly bounding towards him. He kept his stance low, charging once more, but rolling just as Lestrade swiped for him, sliding under his legs and standing behind him.
It seemed very possible. “I went back for you, and I heard that you…” he looked as if the words pained him to even think of. “You told me you don’t love him; you wore my token --- yet, you held such little faith in me. You were promising to spend the rest of your life with
the rope after them. “He’s gaining on us!” Adler exclaimed, and John couldn't tell if she was annoyed or impressed by this.
At this, the Prince smirked. “Love? John, may I call you John, Captain?” Captain Watson nodded. “John, I do not claim to be in love with you. To be honest, I hardly knew of you before today. Yet, in my world, marriage isn’t so flowery. I am going to be King someday soon John. I already don’t have nearly as much respect from the people as my father does. I need to marry, and if I am to do so it’s going to be for a purpose then why not someone who represents the people?”
“I knew what to expect from those three; I knew nothing of you!” John countered. Sherlock didn't answer, John’s eyes had become almost murderous. Sherlock had been the one lying all this time, letting him think he was dead, and
Around him, John could see the waves ripple of their own accord. Something circling him just out of sight. The hissing was constant; monstrous and menacing. He had to admit that he was a bit frightened.
- only to miss the possibility that perhaps he wouldn't be affected by such a toxin? He remembered John, sweet angry John shouting to high heavens about how much he had loved him. Furious at the thought he was with Sherlock’s killer and attempting to get even by killing Sherlock himself.
The good thing about being on a Brute Squad, was that as a Brute you fit right in. Lestrade could still boast being the biggest and the strongest of them, but here that earned him favour and respect.  Maybe the brute squad was where he belonged all this time? A few of the lads had sweet talked a scullery maid into slipping them some ale, so now a few sat around fire outside the barracks in song together. Passing the stolen liquor around.
Unlike now, he had held Sherlock in his arms once more. Seen him, felt him with his own eyes and hands. He was alive and John
What she didn’t see was that John was giving Sherlock, whose face was downcast in a near guilt on the opposite end of the bed as him, a sympathetic glance. Legs outstretched so that his feet were by his pillow; John rested his hand on one of his ankles for a reassuring squeeze. He wasn’t entirely sure what he was reassuring, but the detective opposite him stiffened slightly at the sudden contact before relaxing.
John had been convinced by Rosie to sit with her, and he couldn't help but think of how surreal a sight it was to have he and his daughter spending a sick day in Sherlock’s bed. Not that Sherlock minded from what he could tell, he had even gone to the effort of getting Molly to help him drag his chair into the room to get himself comfortable.
Rosie considered this for a moment before agreeing. Molly placed the book on the side table, slipping a bookmark in before she did. She let out a surprised sound as she checked her phone. 12 missed messages from Sherlock and John - that couldn't be good.
When their lips finally parted, John felt breathless, clutching tightly to the young man’s forearms as his only steadying tool. He let out a breathless laugh as he saw how red Sherlock's cheeks had become. In that moment, everything felt
“Oh! Now you have a sensitive heart, do you?! I WILL KILL HIM IF I MUST, but don't you forget this, don't ever forget this; when I met you, you were pissed off your arse and in trouble with a lot of powerful people. Anyone else woulda turned you in for a reward!” Hope shouted, leaving John to wonder what sort of trouble he meant. Adler didn't have a smart retort for this, so the man continued. “And YOU! Alone. Friendless. Everyone feared you! Do you want to be sent back to where you were? Hmm? Unemployed in Greenland?!” John felt Lestrade stiffen, showing that last bit had been for him. “Now put the man down, we are setting off now! OH - and I’d send our friend back into a sleep. His highness has been listening to us for a bit now.”
John looked at his feet, several gourds had already fallen victim to Holmes’ tests. He tried not to think about how he had almost been one of them. “Well, it looks to me like you have enough to go on. Now get down or I'm going to come up and drag you down.”
Rosie, who still hadn't yet fully tempered from her anger, pouted in a rather Sherlockian fashion answering, “I hate being sick… I got daddy sick too.”
John felt footsteps and quickly shut his eyes once more as he heard a bench nearby move. “There ain't any reason in pretending, your highness. I know you're awake.” It was Hope. “Yeh might as well enjoy the sights while you can, you’ll be dead tomorrow.”
The Man in Black had her curiosity. Of course she wondered what he wanted and why he was willing to pursue them for it; but those questions weren't as interesting as who he was and what he could do. He had already proved himself by not dying yet as more than just a common thief. Irene wanted to peel the mask back and crawl inside the mind that ticked inside it. Learn it's secrets and better herself with it. Moreover, she wanted to see how he fought. He was armed, she could see the handle of an undoubtedly fine blade dangling from his belt when she peered down. He held the flexibility, agility and strength to climb this way - what was he like with a blade?
think Morstan's hoping that the Dragon will lead her to the Draski hideout, if they can track its movements.” She confided, twirling her soup spoon in one hand. John had to admit it sounded plausible, although he couldn't be entirely certain of anything.
Sherlock did more than just invite John to become flatmates with him. He seemed truly interested in him as a person. Lately, this had been a rare occurrence for John, who had become used to and irritated by people gawking at him in the streets because of his cane, his gem and his existence. It was refreshing to have a pair of eyes follow him that didn’t want to merely keep him like an animal in a cage at the zoo, and it was a surprise just how quickly John felt himself settling into civilian life with Sherlock Holmes at the till of his metaphorical ship.
He looked at his superior, the set of his mouth honest and unyielding. His shoulders were an unwavering line. Steady.
Somehow, a part of Sherlock rather gleefully conceded that this breakfast was about to become rather interesting. Even if his brother’s gaze was hard and flat, John’s was unrelenting. So he sipped his wine carefully, glancing at the sweets with an arched eyebrow of consideration. It was without breaking eye-contact that Sherlock offered one of the sweetest pastries to John, taking one for himself with his betrothed’s reluctant acceptance of it. Biting into the honey-sweet dish, he watched Mycroft’s gaze tinge with annoyance.
Sherlock thought, and deliberately had John navigate as far away from it as he could. He did not feel quite
Sherlock's skinny body sat patiently cross-legged in the middle of the living room floor, seemingly at ease with both his nudity and with John at the moment as he looked about the flat with restless curiosity. Those cool, colourful eyes seemed to
Sherlock knew the mechanics behind hypnotism. Though he had never really attempted it before, it had fascinated him as a child. Though it was true it had its faults and flaws, there was much about
Tanzanite frowned to herself, pressing her face against her knees. She didn’t care if she was acting childish, in that moment with no one to see her. She didn’t know what to do.
There was the barest intake of breath, and John recognised an instant too late the implication of his words. In the corner of his eye Sherlock if possible slumped further into his seat, the walls of indifference shooting back up to mask unmistakable hurt. Biting his lip, John instantly wished he could explain, could apologise. Sebastian, looking for all the world like a cat that had gotten into the cream, only smiled wider and continued to mock Sherlock for all he was good at, all that he was.
“I wouldn’t if I were you.” He drawled lazily, blue eyes looking at Mycroft. There was a smirk lingering in the man’s face, cupid’s lips seeming to take pleasure in the opportunity to snub his unwelcome guest. “That is, not unless you want to end up an ice sculpture for his garden.”
It would be over somewhat embarrassingly soon for John, the army doctor left breathless and so in love with the man before him, squinting and laughing up at him from the pillow across from him.
“Actually… I was wondering if I could… if I…” He flushed, and that damnable tongue flicked out across his lower lip again. Sherlock could have cursed out loud, because in that moment, he guessed what was coming next. John shimmied lower, looking shyly up at Sherlock from beneath blonde lashes. “Can I… I’d like to have you. In my… in my mouth.”
“Sherlock, you are excused. This is a conversation for Humans, not for your ears.” She said it not unkindly, and the Dragon nodded in silent relief even as he hesitated in leaving his Master. He wasn’t fully sure John would stay standing for much longer, truthfully. What was more, the Dragon didn’t trust Dodge, not fully. She was goal driven, and Sherlock wasn’t sure what means she’d justify to meet her ends. He was tempted to politely find a way to refuse, even if it meant a beating, but his Human seemed determined to appear capable and in control. John nodded his agreement of Dodge’s order, silently projecting his thoughts into the Dragon’s mind.
Sherlock drank deeply, the man’s blood and lust sending a seemingly endless feedback loop of pleasure through his system. It filled him like an ocean, capsizing all logic and reason. There was only the body beneath him and the feeling of his full strength returning, a full year of fasting leaving him to remember what it felt like to feel
It was an order, thinly veiled by politeness and a harlequin front of intimidation. John could see anger in his friend's features, but Bill's face was also a shade whiter than usual. As if sensing his triumph, Wilkes' sneered his orders loudly enough for the group to overhear.
It would be nearly three months before Greg would even get a call, and it wouldn’t be from Sherlock. It would be from a random passer-by. It would be a call of distress, as Sherlock was found in an abandoned flat, in a pool of his own vomit and unresponsive, beaten within an inch of his life. Drug overdose, suspected unable to pay for said overdose. Greg wouldn’t even think about abandoning Sherlock while rushing to the hospital.
As a result, when it was made known who was to be captain of their squad, John felt a sense of quiet relief. The man who stepped forward had a shock of white-blonde hair and his smile was easy-going and friendly. He was known as Captain Benson and it was apparent that he had been in a few wars, most notably due to the mottled scars that laced his palms as he reached out to shake each person's hand in greeting: burn marks.
“Don't think I didn't notice. You don't have the remote to his collar anywhere, and yet he's kneeling like a kicked puppy. You don't seem to be the blackmailing type though, or one to resort to physical violence. You've been treating him like a pet haven't you? You managed to turn a weapon into a
What, the good doctor couldn't say. Now he knew, but then, he couldn't have guessed if he even tried.
It was strange, how some people just shattered that illusion, as sure as crushing flowers into the cup of their palms.
. He wasn't even attracted to Molly in a romantic way, like he half-suspected John was to Sherlock. Still, he'd be more than willing to die trying to protect her.
“Sherlock’s much the same way,” Mycroft assured, wanting to make Greg feel better. In truth, he had the private suspicion that Jim was several times worse, but he didn’t voice that thought aloud. Still Greg hummed doubtfully.
“What’s that?” John’s eyes were dark, looking at him as if he were the only thing in the world that mattered. As if Sherlock was the only
Despite his obvious distress, it was apparent the Colonel seemed determined to appear as unfazed as possible. His posture was ramrod straight, but still he didn't seem to be able to touch the nearly poignant presence the woman brought with her as she walked, head held high to the centre of the 'V' formation to rather symbolically, stand in Sebastian's place. John despite his fear, felt a small smile grace his features. There was something about the woman, something guilelessly powerful and solid as she took charge of the situation and brought soothing water to a burn. Like a calm after a storm she immediately drained the tension from the situation, walking over to help Sebastian's Dragon to his feet even while shooting Wilkes a barely-noticeable glare.
Sherlock, for his part, didn’t seem to complain. The creature’s darkly-curled head lolled frighteningly easily against the edge of the tub, pale blue eyes flickering rapidly under pink-flushed lids.
as Sherlock fussed over him, checking for injury and pain. He did not lift his head, merely observed through his lashes until finally, skeletal fingers reached out and hesitantly rested themselves beneath his chin. Like he was guiding a small child, Sherlock pushed gently, forcing John to look him in the eye even as the soldier's breath came faster from between his lips.
“Yet you do.” Sherlock pointed out, and the man before him gave him such a worn, pained smile that the detective could see it, locked away. The edge of madness, swirling just under the depths of skin and bone and illusion. Sneak was not sane, no.
John felt a tightness in his chest even as his friend spoke, knowing that Mike was right. However, there was little time to offer false hope, as in the next second there was a shout from the top of the tower. John looked up to see Greg’s silhouette, outlined in darkness and fire from the torches. His cry was hoarse, tense.
As Sherlock walked in the darkness of London's streets, he thought about that night. Considered the feeling of loneliness he had felt, lying on that floor. Utterly alone. He was alone now, and he thought that perhaps a younger version of himself might have feared such isolation. Yet now, now there was something to go home to. People. That was, if John could forgive him for his sharp edges. His own crawling doubts.
Yet Sherlock thought that perhaps the man remembered some experiences more than he claimed, because in the next instant the man
After the twelfth repetition, the creature almost had it. The tow-headed boy exclaimed an awed “Brilliant!” In response to his efforts, and though Sherlock didn't know the meaning of the word, he could note the praise in its tone. The seal pup found his ears warming slightly in response, pupils widening cat-like. If he had a tail, it might have been wagging. Instead he found himself shuffling closer to the man-beast, sniffing intently to catch the flavour of his new study. John froze as the creature leaned against him, nose pressing against the crook of the boy's neck. Sherlock's skin was cold, but soft and strangely smooth. Hairless. Even the fine edges of his curls were silky to the touch as they brushed against John's cheek. When the pale boy drew away a moment later with a yip of triumph, John found himself abruptly less scared of the creature than he had been only a moment before. It was hard to find anything scary really, when they were all but rolling in the sand in excitement.
Despite John's reluctance, the two men struck up a stilted conversation. Much had changed since the death of Mike's brother, and both men had their own stories to tell about their teen years and where they went once they went their separate ways. Mike had apparently gone on to live with his Uncle Sean, and spent most of his life not too far from the very beach in which John had been attacked. He had then left for London for a time, to study medicine and to interact with others his age. He had apparently come back to visit Sean, as well as some old school mates. When the man managed to needle John into revealing the fact that he had gone to war, Mike's large blue eyes had widened further and he had whistled lowly in his throat.
He quirked a dark brow as Victor smiled slightly, freckles crinkling at the corner of his eyes. His voice was low and dry with amusement.
Finally, they made it, the wind now whipping at Mycroft’s hair and clothes, as if tugging him towards the sheer drop at the head of the tower. He closed his eyes a moment to relish in the cold, the pins and needles it left even in
John learns a bit about Sherlock's teen years. Sherlock is surprised to find John less rigid in his views than he had previously thought.
“Sherlock. My name. You’re supposed to write it on my drink, although I don’t see why, considering I can see it being made throughout the entire process and it’s not like I can’t tell which is mine.”
“I thought I might show you around the grounds a bit today, give you a bit of a tour. I imagine you haven’t seen bioluminescent flowers before. Fascinating things-”
“It’s fast but stupid! Half-formed and driven crazy with bloodlust! Almost corrupted!” Those elegant fingers shifted along the violin’s neck then, and a new note shrieked out across the field. John winced, even as he reached inside of him and brought the Gem half of him out. He had never summoned his weapon before, wasn’t even sure if he could…
Although neither of them understood the insult, they both felt the sting of the words. It was in the way that the people, now quiet and still, glared at them. It was in the way they shouted abuse.
John’s eyebrows rose as Dodge informed him of his mission, her eyes serious and sharp in the glow of the lamplight. When she showed no signs of guile, he looked at Morstan, noticing the way she stood tall and important- as if she were on the trail of something vital to the success of the war.
to pups. The very idea made Sherlock uneasy, rather like he might start crying as well. Except there was nothing for
merely as fact, no threat or pity marking the words. The Dragon found himself instinctively bristling. Debasing himself was one thing, but to speak of
A long sigh. Around them London roared, crippling Conrad's basic function to curling into a tight ball against the brick-work, breaths coming out in beats of three, military style. He rocked slightly, as the distressed Others all began trying to shove their way into control, trying to dislodge Conrad from his place. It didn't work, and part of it was because right now everyone was
“Without his permission, Holmes.” Daniel interrupted smoothly, standing up straighter as he looked the man squarely in the eye. His blue irises for a moment flicked to the pale column of Sherlock's throat, and in that expression the detective saw a sort of sad resignation. It occurred to him that this likely hadn't been the first time John had inadvertently hurt someone he cared about.
It was a little weird, John conceded, that Iolite spoke in plurals. Still he felt the inevitable question hover on his lips, looking to the Gem and ignoring the gaping hole of Not-Sherlock she was taking up.
with childlike wonder and glee. No, Sherlock was not surprised to see Claude's slightly wild grin flash at him.
Sherlock answered readily enough, but his eyes were not on Moriarty’s face. Instead, his gaze was locked on the human still slumped on the ground, feigning unconsciousness but with no clear reason as to
and from what little teachings John knew, he didn’t think he recognized the spirit as one in any of the teachings from religious texts. To think that there were spirits, darkness that his village wasn’t aware of, wasn’t surprising. It still sent a chill down John’s spine. He had looked into that wolf’s eyes and seen only hunger, bloodlust and desire. The creepy, human-like laugh that had come from the creature’s muzzle was enough to make him physically shudder.
John could see that as he was rather effortlessly hoisted over the barrier of the couch, Sherlock treating him
“Sentiment is a chemical defect found on the losing side. And you...” hands, reaching to cup Sneak's chin so that he looked up, quite suddenly a little boy, a teenager trapped in an older man's body.
The thought came to John, and he clutched at his head, wincing and moaning even as he felt it, a tingling along his arms and deep in his bones. The scar on his wrist burned hot like fire, and his stomach rolled like an ocean wave. Thundering deep in the wet tissue of his heart, he could feel it as a constant drum, thundering under his skin.
“Did you even get any sleep like that?” John asked, the tired tone in his voice dripping with a familiar warm affection that the detective had admittedly missed. He straightened, ignoring the small aches of protest his spine made as he brushed John's concern off.
“Were.” That was all the detective said, weaving notes through the air slowly. Sherlock's gaze was distant, somewhere in the past as he let his bow play thoughts he couldn't quite posses. Images that would not leave him, despite his mind's attempts to
He wouldn't be alone any more, he would have someone to show all of the places he had explored while sneaking away from his responsibilities. Sherlock couldn't wait to show John the pack of sea turtles he had befriended, far away in strange and warmer oceans than here. He couldn't wait to show him all the jewels of the sea in their glittering worth, pearls and rainbow-streaked shells of deep beauty and mystery. Most of all, Sherlock could not contain his excitement at the fact that everyone would
Blue eyes, flicking over to Sherlock's features, and suddenly there was a spark of fire, of mocking. His smile was John's all sunshine and radiance. But it was not the smile Sherlock was hoping for.
John was woken the first morning by the sharp cry of the morning roll call, piercing through his veil of sleep and jerking him from his narrow cot with a yelp. He would have rolled off of the bed, if it hadn't been for a long and prehensile tail that lashed out to curl about his middle protectively. From the top bunk, Sherlock's rumbling voice hummed through the young soldier's head.
He wouldn’t admit to Greg how even the thought of the mysterious teen in the leather jacket and blue scarf sent a flutter of something dangerously close to happiness humming in his blood.
As always, thanks to my lovely beta, Tpurr!! you are fantastic and amazing. Thank you for all you do.
No one was hunting for John Watson. He would be fine. To be sure, Sherlock traced the Bond Bite one last time. It was already taking, starting to heal over and scab. When the Selkie drew his hand away, it was stained crimson pink with his new Mate's blood. He licked it clean, purring in content.
And yet, he couldn't help but glow over the fact that somehow, he had managed to find a place in a creature's heart that owed him nothing. That Sherlock could have chosen to just eat him, and John would never stop being thankful that he had decided against it.
“Do you have a point to this roundabout discussion or am I to die of boredom before you get to your topic of choice?”
Sherlock leaned forward, gently tugging on the lobe of John’s ear with his teeth before skipping away and towards the bedroom. Long fingers scooped up the metal bowl of strawberries on their way.
His coat is of deepest black and mysterious, the kind you might see in a bad detective film. It trails to his ankles, sweeping outwards in cape-like fashion.
John could feel those pale blue eyes warming the back of his neck during the entirety of the cab ride, and he didn’t know why. Sherlock hadn’t said a word since dragging the man along into what was swiftly becoming one of those cases that the ex- army doctor was going to be forced to label as “yet another moment when my flatmate displays a stunning lack of knowledge on social cues.”
Luckily, Sherlock so far at least seemed to be able to keep up with the criminal, even if the hoops that the Yard was being put through were terrible. The first was the phone call, John watching as Sherlock answered, only to go still with the realisation of what was happening.
Sherlock for his part stared at his empty plate, sitting at the kitchen table as if there was at least a hundred places he'd rather be, eyes downcast and mouth pinched tightly. One hand still held his fork delicately, and it traced the outer ring of the dish with precise, near-silent care. Each circling dragged on slowly, the poignant scrape of ceramic against steel sounding like the faint hush of a breath in the near-silence. Still John hesitated, unwilling to break the quiet, lest it give way to shouting.
It looked like the soldier's promise to him to ask instead of order things from him, might not protect the Dragon after all.
“What’s it mean?” Because the way that Sherlock was looking at him intently, John knew that it wasn’t just a random coincidence that the emoticons were resembling orange pips.
Before him, his reflection slowly dissolved, taking another's shape. Red lips, light blue eyes gazing up at him from a frame of curling brown hair. A sharp, wolf-like smile that was still beautiful, despite the hunger within it. For a moment the Water-Spirit merely looked, frozen by the memory before him, by the way her smile glowed.
It was a strange thing, hearing silence for a change come from Sherlock's end. It stretched on for such a long time that John almost considered repeating himself, only as soon as the thought crossed his mind his Dragon growled.
Irene seemed coldly amused by the woman’s speech. She looked at the other prisoners then, some Human and most not. Her voice held in it the deadly note of a promise as she slowly lifted Hawborne into the air, ignoring his muted cries. Her voice was clinical and detached. “You want food? You crave water?” Her smile widened, sharp and predatory. Cerioth braced himself, closing his eyes just as a sickening crunch and a scream assaulted his ears. He could hear the woman shout something, hear a lot of shouting. Over the shouting, he could hear the Dragon giving her orders. “You will march and you will not falter, or your next meal will come out of your
The ocean's roar was something that could drown out much from curious children's ears late at night, even the sound of their parents return. Though Harry was still awake, she could only make out the shadows of their silhouettes as they came crashing through the front door. They flickered across the hallway from where she lay in her bed, the sharp angry gestures following muffled angry words. Wordlessly she turned away from it, curling to press her face against the worn papers crinkled next to her hands. Love letters from a girl many miles away, a good friend.
The crash of the ocean waves woke John from the edge of a nightmare, leaving him in a cold sweat as he woke with a low cry. The sheets tangled about his ankles, momentarily immobilising him, and his brain immediately muttered
“Yeah, well. Most of my therapists seemed to think it had to do with the car crash, although that doesn't make sense given the symptoms of my disorder.”
In some ways, Sherlock wished that Victor had been his brother...Not the cold man who hadn't bothered to call, not since the day Sherlock arrived at his school and announced that Shyla was dead and gone.
She and the voice seemed to say in unison, and John felt a small shiver charge up his spine. Her gaze was razor-sharp, startlingly similar to a certain detective’s. Yet he felt no real interest in this Gem, who looked at the world as if she were a viper, hungry for her next meal. “Pretty as a picture, but your eyes certainly don’t seem to need to be directed as where to look.”
. At least your memory is. This is further proven by your rendition of classical music on an electric guitar without any sheet music given. Either your ear is extremely sensitive, which I know for a fact that John is tone-deaf and that shouldn't change too much, or you once had the music on you and had to give it away or lost it. Given the slightly rumpled state of your clothes and the fact that it has been several hours since you managed to escape my notice it is obvious you had a purpose when you left. You used someone else's toothpaste, John doesn't like mint-flavoured, and so the obvious conclusion would be you found someone to spend the night with. You also have her perfume lingering on you, so woman, although from the amount of detail you spend on your appearance and your obvious advances towards me I think the gender of the person itself doesn't particularly matter. However you came back instead of staying at that person's place, which means that either she kicked you out or you left. So. Affair? Shot in the dark but you just confirmed it with that look you just gave me. Yet sex is usually an enjoyable act for most people, so my question is why does John seem to actively avoid it while you seek it out?”
since his last hunt... and here was a tasty morsel, full of rich energy that seemed to pulse even when its owner still remained unseen...
The hum of the helicopter blades was a lull that made Hajera’s bones hum and her head spin. Seated as she was in the cockpit, it felt as though the noise of it consumed her, making nothing quite real. The woman who was bandaging a cut over her left eyebrow crisply informed her it was probably the beginnings of mild shock.
shocking something into submission. It went against the very nature of his core, The Healer shuddering away from inducing harm on anything unless absolutely necessary.
They came out of the dream together, slowly and without John’s noticing. One moment he was back in Recheinbach, the next he found himself once again amidst Sherlock’s gardens. Time had passed, the sun sinking low on the horizon and the day-flowers beginning to close. John had little time to take it in.
“You’re right!” he exclaimed, all but vibrating in place. Their son launched into a mini-torrent, seemingly unable to keep himself quiet for a second more. It was as if floodgates had opened wide in the wake of Sherlock's deduction.
Sherlock decided to ignore the obvious sexual innuendo, rising to adjust the collar of his shirt. He felt warm. Too warm, like he
“You've implied that there's reasons for this behaviour before... things that set it off... Maybe...”
Startled, the young soldier turned to find himself being greeted by a tall, agile-looking man, only a few years older than John himself. A shock of chestnut-coloured hair fell over a highly freckled face, boyish green eyes peeking out from under its fringe. He sat with his hands clasped between his knees, shirt covered by a jacket of all things, much to John's mystification. Beside him, his Dragon sat primly, but John gaped at her all the same.
“Means if you can't train it or break it, don't bother sendin' him back my dear sir. Have it executed on the grounds, drown it for all I care. That Northern's been a right pain since he was a Hatchling.”
John could recall one of the countless notes Ella had made, back before she had realised he could read her writing upside down.
He pushed the sheets of the bed aside and rose, vaguely noting the expensive thread count. Sherlock padded his way barefoot towards the door, finding it almost a relief to note it was locked. This was familiar, being trapped. He could work within these parameters. The Dragon looked around, noting that there were no windows of any sort, and no way to note the time. His internal clock guessed it to be early afternoon, but that was an approximation at best. In truth, he’d prefer a clock. There wasn’t much in the room save for a small table and some magazines.
“It means that we need to pay a visit to Lestrade, because people are going to begin to die if we don’t figure out the case soon.”
Her last words to John held in them an unknown weight, and they caused the soldier to nearly sway, unsure whether to be grudgingly flattered or sick.
Irene was quickly regretting the decision, the mud soaking through her socks and making the edge of her robe heavy and dirty. Her hair was once pinned, but the weight of it being wet was making it fall over her shoulders in stringy clumps. She held her arms close to herself and shivered, teeth chattering in the deserted dark edge of her village. If she was crying, it was hidden by the sheer volume of water pouring down.
The flames were getting closer, and he wanted to shrink away from them. They burned, blistered his skin even though they didn't even touch. It was so hot that Sherlock thought if he dared to open his eyes he'd go blind. He was so afraid, so small, and he could not claw his way back to reality. The disorientation of panic kicked in, and in desperation he screeched one last time a name to the sky. Calling for someone, someone that Sherlock could not recall, and could not hope to know for they were buried deep in the depths of his mind.
for a taste, thought about it many long nights, when he shed his coat and sat on the rocks that occasionally jutted from the sea and considered what he might do to fix such longing.
It was almost.... comfortable, despite the elephant in the room. And when finally Sherlock did get to his point, he did not
was on the floor, scrabbling away from the detective and curling in on himself like he expected an attack. John suddenly appeared much smaller as a sad sort of wail came out of him, stifled by the palm of his own hand as he willed himself viciously into silence. It was a painful gesture, and Sherlock's stomach immediately twisted itself into knots as he stood frozen, unable to move forward and yet unwilling to back away.
The Selkie's voice seemed to mix with the melody that howled on the blackened wind, rising to sing a haunting counter-point.
Hatchling crying? Sherlock would be there, instantly cradling Elena to his chest, rumbling words in a tongue that John couldn't quite make out but seemed to calm the squalling infant. Hungry? John cringed the first time he saw Sherlock feed their baby raw meat, unable to quite connect the fact that his daughter wasn't quite human, despite the fact that her wings fluttered in contentment as she sucked raw salmon from her mother's fingers. Sherlock seemed deeply in tune with his child's needs, so much so that often he could predict an upset before they actually blew up into tantrums. Being a doctor, John had assumed that if a day had ever come where he would have children, he would have been the more experienced parent, yet Sherlock seemed to consistently put him to shame with his caretaker instincts.
“John is the Core personality I take it? I would say you're probably the leader of the Alters...and probably assume the role of Protector, if I'm not mistaken.”
He had forgotten how beautiful a sunset could be. During his days in the army, John had never much had time to look at the many sunsets of the dusted wasteland in which he found himself soaked in blood and sweat and grime. Yet there it was, shining in his eyes and touching the aqua-blue waves that lapped gently to shore and turning them translucent-gold.
Sitting on the creaky chair in the kitchen, John began to read into the night to distract him from the overwhelming note of panic singing lowly in his gut.
Instead John met Sebastian Wilkes, a man that was human and that owned a smile that was far more shark-like than friendly. The entire time he spoke, Sherlock’s own smile looked more and more politely forced. It was then that John slowly came to recognise that when the detective said “acquaintance” he had meant “enemy”.
Apparently the attack had been carried out by a few renegades, indeed trying to raid the medical tents and food supplies.Like birds picking at the skin of a lion, they had hoped to cause enough of a ruckus and distraction in order to mask their true intents. However, they had not accounted for the new soldiers on the compound, and that was how John found himself basking under the rare wave of Wilkes' praise.
And it was in this way that John found himself released, moving forward with shaky, slow footsteps towards his Dragon, clearing a path for himself with his own presence, his fellow soldiers shocked silent and still like ghosts. The blonde, reaching the massive Dragon, hesitantly lifted a hand to stroke Sherlock’s muzzle with aching slowness. The creature’s scales were cool, ice to the touch, and Sherlock’s massive, slitted blue eyes closed once, a rumble dangerously close to a purr emitting from the creature’s mouth. There was something warm in the sound, and John knew on an instinctual level, that if he did this, there would be a marked difference in his relationship with Sherlock. What kind, he wasn’t entirely sure, but the ever-growing twist of his tattoo tingled, nearly encasing his shoulder now, snowflakes and geometric designs encroaching his skin inexorably more and more.
It was then that John’s grip on the ash branch tightened, and the soldier raised the sharpened end up with a cry, lodging it fully up through the spaces in Moriarty ribs and puncturing his lungs.  There was a moment of silence, and then a hissing sound of escaped breath from between James’ clenched teeth. It was followed by a chuckle, one that Sherlock saw barely made the soldier flinch. It rang out even as Moriarty straightened from how he had instinctively curled over against the attack, those red eyes blazing like a furnace as he loomed over the solder. His voice was a snarl of distaste.
“You think threats will work? You live on the edge of our domain, our land. The Holmes Tribe does not bend to compromise, especially when dealing with humans.” Mycroft hissed the last word like it was bile, eyes narrowed to slits and calm demeanour gone in the wake of something cold and terrifying. John knew enough about seals from his grandmother to know that aggression was shown through snarling and body contact – and wasn’t surprised by the rumble in the elder Holmes’ voice nor the way his body came to cage about his smaller form. It was an intimidation tactic, and John very much doubted that Mycroft was used to having anyone question his supremacy.
John resisted the urge to stare at Dodge, who took on a persona that was eons away from her normally gruff exterior.
. She couldn't remember what had happened, but when she went to cautiously open the door to her bedroom she found with a jolt that the door
Still, his smile was impish. Almost proud. Against Sherlock's will, he found a small smirk crawling onto his lips, trying to stay. Victor stopped his fooling around long enough to look Sherlock in the eye, voice dropping seriously as he stated “Whoever it is, I hope they're worth you. You deserve some happiness in your life, Sherlock Holmes. Don't let it slip through your fingers, just 'cos your family is full of cocks.”
That was when John knew for a fact that not only had they overheated the Monster, but they had probably fried some of his brain cells as well. Still he opened his eyes and relaxed infinitesimally, unable to quite grasp what he was seeing before him.
The man sighed, seeming to debate extending his hand in a professional greeting. He decided against it, seeing Sherlock obvious unease. Instead he introduced himself. “Sherlock, my name is Mycroft Holmes.  I am a government official, operating under the MI26 division of the military for our Queen and country. I am also a Dragon, a fact that most political figures do not know and for obvious reasons,
Yet the detective was already on his feet, phone in hand as he texted Dimmock, Lestrade being away. When he looked back at John, any glimmer that might have been vulnerability had already been dissolved. If it had been there at all, it was now impossible to find under the disguise of excitement over the case.
The heavy footfalls of unfamiliar people grated on Sherlock's sensitive hearing, stirring the discomfort already firmly lodged in his chest like a great, swollen peach. The Dragon buried his head in the softness of the pillows John had bestowed upon him, gritting his teeth and counting roughly in his head every single scale on his body. It was second nature to transform, to shed his human skin and do so, and the bed creaked with added weight, the mattress becoming less of a bed, and more of a cushion. The colour of the creature's scales shifted uneasily, a mottled and stormy grey cast over blue. It was the shade of a distant hurricane. Downstairs, the Dragon could make out the sound of tea cups clinking, hot liquid being poured. All the marks of what humans deemed civilized and mannered interaction.
For one, he was blonde and tanned, a scattering of freckles over his cheeks making him appear younger than he actually was. He had his Father’s dark brown eyes, but they lacked the edge of madness, still holding deep intelligence. He was taller than Hamish but not by much, and stood uncertainly in the doorway as his friend introduced him to Sherlock and John. During the entire meeting, Sherlock kept a close eye on the boy, searching for any signs of deceit or lies.
Years later, Arthur’s memory would visit Sherlock again in a dream, this time waking up to John’s warm arms, and a feeling of safety echoing in the hug both given to him years before, and in that instant.
The first thing John noticed was that Sherlock was still distractingly bare and that he held himself as if he weren’t particularly concerned with whether or not he maintained any sense of decency. He was an expanse of pale skin, muscles toned from years of hard swimming, and pale scars littered his arms and torso like cruel whiplashes. Sherlock’s hair was as dark as the ocean that normally bore him, and it still had a natural curl to it that made John’s hands twitch in longing to touch. Yet in the man’s posture was a potential for predatory behaviour, and John saw how Sherlock’s pale eyes tracked his movements, a shark testing blood in the water. Unashamed of his own sensuality or nudity, Sherlock licked his lower lip, his gaze flicking knowingly towards where John’s cock was stirring unwillingly in interest.
“Now, now Sherly dearest. Is that any way to treat a friend? I don't think I've done anything to warrant such a sullen frown.” Sneak mock-pouted at him, giggling when Sherlock's response was to scowl harder. The detective kept a vein of silence even as out of the corner of his eye he watched the man whom he couldn't quite bring himself to call friend stretch languidly, looking about with a kind of lazy interest that spoke of hidden meaning. John's voice was pleasant, but his words were filled with implication.
it. The anger that all people have, locked away in their heart of hearts...” The detective's eyes narrowed as Sneak's voice dropped to a wistful kind of whisper.
John kept his ears strained for any kind of movement from below, licking a nervous tongue over his lips and hearing nothing at first but the sizzling of bacon crackling in the pan. Then, ever so quietly, he heard a small
And really, a rabid dog was just as lethal to the owner as it was to his enemies, and Sherlock didn't much like playing pet any ways.
Daniel briefly consulted with the rest of the Alters in his head, eyes drifting into the middle distance for a moment before a question emerged victorious in his mind. When he came back, he shot his enquiry at the Detective without hesitation.
Sherlock froze, half leaning against the toppled bookshelf. His scales turned from a cowering shade of grey-black to a surprised white. Like the inside of a lily, it tinged with a slow, glowing pink as the Dragon turned in confusion, looking at John like had just grown a second head instead of offering him a compliment. Sherlock's eyes were wary, on the lookout for sarcasm or deceit. His irises were wide and round, and in the light of the sun streaming through the living room window, almost clear. John; immediately worried that he had said something
“How would this have anything to do with him?” She quipped back quietly, tilting her chin a little in defiance. Mycroft watched as those hands, so unsteady a moment ago turned to stone. There was a fighting spark in Shyla’s eyes, something rabid waiting to be unleashed. His mother didn’t appear to notice, or perhaps she didn’t quite care. She too, had the same spark of violence in her gaze.
Then they met Sherlock Holmes, and Conrad found that he was not needed, that the anger that John had held onto, bit by bit, had begun to disintegrate and disappear. He tried to catch its coattails, did his best to grasp onto some semblance of sanity in this strangely exciting yet joyful world in which he had been thrown. Yet he had no idea if he would be called on again, no idea whether or not he even wanted to be.
, even though evidently some of his personalities were not. A psychiatric ward would be what would be suggested, and the image of putting his friend there made Sherlock's stomach physically curl in protest.
cracked two eggs into a frying pan. Nearly setting the pan on fire fifteen minutes later when he became distracted by one of his experiments (it involved lots of socks and acid, John didn't ask). He groaned good-naturedly when John demanded he eat a spoonful of the eggs he just made, and complimented his
Then, quick as lightning, he spun around and launched himself at Sherlock, kissing the man promptly on the mouth, bruising and deep. Before the detective could really think about resisting, Sneak
With the wind whistling through the slats of wood holding the structure together, John's fingers traced along the cracked and worn spines, eyes flicking over the titles. Searching. The tomes, all heavy and ancient-looking, were all printed in archaic and age-stained ink. All legends and myths, fairytales that John had grown up hearing and knowing.
As much as it was fascinating just to listen to her, Sherlock sometimes found himself in situations that made him wish that he could politely ask her to shut up.
They sat at the kitchen table, Sherlock's laptop open as those elegant fingers typed in bookmarks and searches from the past couple of days so that John could see. The detective wanted
Sorry it's been a while, I was on a lovely vacation for a bit in Malta! :3 Really enjoyed it actually! Hope you like the chapter!
Taking a deep, steadying breath, he stepped into full view of the doorway, holding a plastic bottle of shampoo and some more strips of bacon on a plate. He was determined not to tremble as he clicked his jaw, standing soldier-straight, but not imposingly so. Still Sherlock reared backwards, nearly slipping before righting himself properly.
This voice was far too gentle to be of the same breed as the men who had tormented him for as long as he'd known.
Raz cried, to which everyone rang out their reply, praising the centre of the celebration, the longing for relief from the dust that clung to the roads, from the heat that sucked the life out of them during the day.
come back.” Sherlock’s breath, sweet against John’s ear was deceptively innocent, given the fact that the Demon’s hands were already trailing down John’s bare chest, fingers running through the blonde trail that disappeared into the soldier’s pants.
Still, the detective seemed to be able to read something in John’s words, or at least enough to understand.
He knew what it was like to look up and see in someone's face total exhaustion and stress, fear and repulsion across their features.
and cool as he walked calmly towards the door, pausing only when the detective rather futilely ordered
The snipe had no sting to it, Irene felt only warmth in her chest. Since children, being second-born had in fact made her a little bit soft. Her older brother was the one expected to carry the household name, and so the Adler family left their only girl to the luxuries of living on the massive family compound. In short, running was not her forte. She was used to Kate ribbing her about this. Irene finally gave in, her lungs feeling as if they were about to explode in her chest.
A roar let loose from Sherlock, and the Dragon reared away from John's hand, curling closer into himself and cutting off the snarl as he bit his lip hard enough for him to taste blood. The soldier was immediately there, apologising profusely, stroking Sherlock's back. The wound throbbed with Sherlock's heartbeat, washing the creature's vision with red for a second before he could control himself. It felt like he
“Watson! John, hang on!” she snapped, though her words felt empty. Hajera knew what a fatal shot looked like, and with no medical aid this was fast becoming one. The men in the distance were fast-approaching, and the pounding of her own heart made her vitally aware of the fact that she was running out of time and out of options.
Sherlock said nothing, but his eyes were filled with something unreadable as upon his cloud he sat, gazing at John below. Something brewed in his features, and Mycroft knew that when it reached its peak, Recheinbach as well as the cities around it would do well to batten down the hatches and take for cover.
The Selkie didn’t seem to understand what John was saying. Biting his lip, John tried to pretend he wasn’t relieved in a way that the language barrier between them existed in that moment. After all, the only thing his grandmother’s old books seemed to all mutually agree upon was one solitary fact:
taking a break from writing my novel and wound up back on AO3, go figure :P. thought I'd write up a quick oneshot ^.^ hope you all enjoy! this is pretty much mindless fluff... and Molly! :D
The giggle that escaped John's lips was high and childlike, and it held a kind of innocent warmth to it that made Sherlock's mouth have to fight to stay in its thin line of stoicism. It was strange; to have John before him, suddenly so bright and vivid and playful. There was a loosened, relaxed note to the man's shoulders that wasn't there normally, as well as an obvious flexibility that the Detective suspected the ex-soldier wasn't aware he possessed. Visible in how the personality sat.
Moriarty left, but John’s left hand continued to tremble in his lap, even as he waited for Sherlock outside the surgery. The echo of a voice that was at once his and not his own whispered in his ear.
“Please, feel free to sit on any of the chairs or cushions you see before you. You all must be tired from the long journey.”
Down the hall, footsteps trudged forward, entering the Hell that was his tiny, boxed-in world. The door shut audibly, as if announcing the strange quality of a place like a Kennel. Entering was easy enough, but once you laid eyes on the quality, the lives before you, it was much harder to leave.....
It was a conundrum, one that John found only deepened on the rare times that Sherlock shed his outer façade, revealing the alien beneath. The first time John saw Sherlock’s true form, the detective had revealed it in the safety of their own flat. John had come back from a shift with his new job (locum work, the only thing he was really good for any more since he was living with a madman who insisted on pulling him along on his adventures) to find the man stretched out like a spoiled cat upon the sofa. Except, Sherlock hadn’t looked particularly like Sherlock, at least not the man that the ex-army doctor was used to. The first thing to notice was the tinge of the Gem’s skin, a dark blue that caught and held the eye like mating colours on a bird. John took in the colour change, just the other side of periwinkle, and felt his mouth run dry as his eyes tracked along the line of Sherlock’s newfound curves. From the swell of her chest to the flare of her hips, Sherlock’s true form was indeed as feminine as any other Gem’s, short curls only accentuating the sudden feminine line of her jaw. Pale blue eyes pulsed with the shade of her Gem, a crest at her forehead that shimmered with power. Sherlock’s clothes were new and strange, waist-high shorts and dark leggings that made her form lithe and dancer-like. Her midriff was left exposed, crop-top covering her upper half along with the trademark scarf that John had come to know so well. It circled her neck, a point of recognition in a sea of strange.
them. Just in case.” There was something else in those words, hidden under layers of meaning. John saw Rin stiffen minutely and her dark blue eyes seemed to narrow into slits. Slowly, Bill and his Dragon moved forward until they stood on Wilkes' other side. Kate and Irene looked as though they were sizing up the competition before them, standing tall and straight and at attention. In contrast, John noted how his friend seemed relaxed. Too relaxed. His hands at his sides looked as though they were longing to hold a gun.
Irene didn’t know how anyone might hate Kate, but she was grateful it was the case. It made her life easier. She fiddled with the silken end of her sleeve, wondering how she could feel at once so childlike and centuries old at once. It felt like whining when she said she didn’t want a husband, selfish even. Yet every time she thought of some man expecting something of her,
John had yet to pour himself a cup of tea when he heard the low noise of longing that came from Sherlock's chest. The soldier turned to find his Dragon lingering by the entrance of the kitchen, slightly pointed ears tinged an impatient and agitated silver. His eyes were the exact same shade, slitted imperiously. Still, Sherlock never looked quite so vulnerable, or so uncertain. His voice was a low question in John's head, soft and almost... afraid.
John froze from where he had been in the process of making tea, his hands clenching on the counter in a white-knuckled grip. The thought that he should have
Not by the way they glance around the room with too-wide eyes, taking account of their new home with a childlike innocence even while moving soundlessly out of bed. As if perfectly aware of their limbs in the way only an extremely acrobatic person could be, John's body moved into a half-crouch on his own hardwood floor, defensively and reflexively searching for any sign of enemies or weapons nearby.
Her smile was hesitant but friendly when she realised she'd been caught staring, a delightful flush tinging along her cheeks and lighting up her entire face so it glowed. Quickly she stared back down at her drink, and Sneak took it as a sign to approach. Carefully, he made his way over, the cogs in his brain already clicking a thousand miles ahead to best determine how to get in her bed tonight. He could already tell that he had her caught, and the drive was already making him flushed and wanting. He wasted no time, determined not to have his control usurped by one of the other personalities until he'd fulfilled his needs.
Sherlock would not let John touch him after the man came. Still, he would agree to have John watch, even as the detective’s fingers dipped downwards, underneath the waistband of his own pants. It was perhaps not perfect, but it was progress, and watching Sherlock squirm as he rubbed his own cock made John’s toes curl. When his lover began to twitch, to rock his hips into his own hand and look somewhat vacant and breathless, John would think there wasn’t a lovelier sight. Both of them would agree that they felt lucky, to be able to curl back up in each other’s arms afterwards.
“A long time ago, John, my mum told me 'bout the tales she used t' hear her father tell her. Stories from a fisherman's mouth, tried and true from long months adrift in the waves. He told her 'bout what he saw, coastin' in the waters when the ocean turned red with sunset, or in the darkness of night with only the stars casting their glow. He used t' tell me about the strange creature's livin' deep beneath the waves, fish so large that they looked like whales but weren't, shrimp that glowed in the dark like fireflies. But the tales I heard the most of were the tales he spoke of when he told me about me mum.”
Sherlock’s voice rumbled, breaking John out of the panicked loop of his thoughts and breaking the awkward silence. He looked to see the detective was indeed dressed in his trademark coat and scarf, looking for all the world like he had just been about to drag John out of the flat and to the Yard.
Morstan smiled, and to John her smile was like a spark of sunshine. He found himself rather ridiculously warm, and he wasn't quite sure why. Sure, he had his fair share of crushes and infatuations over the course of his life, but he had never quite been so... captured by a face before. John wasn't sure if it was because Brigadier Morstan seemed so calm in the face of a one hundred and eighty pound man, or the fact that she seemed so completely at home in the desert as she spun on her heel to address the new troop.
was ringing alarm bells through his mind. Something was shrieking inside of him, a sick feeling of deja vu that was leaving him ill. Mycroft merely regarded him with a flat intelligence.
l.” He hissed “And I despise humans. I learned my lesson long ago not to trust them, more than anything else in this thrice-damned universe you and father created! Yet you thrust him upon me like a wet kitten and expect me to take him when he isn’t even my equal. He is
“Good luck with that, mate, the bastards are likely dead along with the bomb that killed half my squadron.”
He was a real soldier in that moment, and John Watson had to admit even as he spotted in the distance Bill, Marley and even Mike taking to the sky atop their Dragons, that he felt inside himself a peculiar stirring of excitement. The fear from the first battle was still there, yes, but it had lessened, become manageable. As Sherlock banked a hard right towards an injured soldier fighting off a Chinese Dragon’s boiling attacks, the soldier’s stomach flew away somewhere far behind him, and John let out a somewhat hysterical whoop of joy that carried into the sky.
“The fact of the matter is that John will not take kindly to those trying to take advantage of him. He
Dragons from a young age had a distinct need to Claim things, to mark them as their own. Sherlock explained this to John the first time Elena sank her newly formed (and wickedly sharp) teeth into the leg of John's chair.
There were times when he wondered if he'd like to fall asleep and never wake again, if only to continue seeing that cherubic face smiling back at him.
He knew it because underneath the veneer of perfection that gestured expectantly in front of him, he could see the bloodshot quality of his sister's eyes. This would be the last Midsummer Festival she would celebrate with her family, possibly within her village. There was a light in her smile that didn't quite reach her eyes as she teased him, tugging on the frayed edge of his decorated sleeve.
As they came to the main road Dodge's Dragon cautiously cleared his throat, and his low voice hesitantly spoke to his Mistress just loud enough that she'd hear even with her hands covering her ears against the din of roars.
Which made sense because the creature John came to find huddling over his daughter’s egg wasn't Human at all, Sherlock's form a mass of scales and teeth even as the beast roared its grief, clutching its egg to its chest.
He held up the plate invitingly, hoping that he wasn't being too forced or forward. He needed Sherlock to get used to having his personal space invaded, at least so John could get a proper look at that infection. Short time meant he had to push, but he didn't want to break any tentative agreement they had already come to. If he accidentally shattered the Dragon's already fragile truce with him, then John was absolutely certain beyond a shadow of a doubt that he would not get another chance. The cool distrust in Sherlock's eyes as he swept his gaze over him made John shiver, feeling as though he was being pierced straight to his bones.
Of course he had gotten that sense the moment he had entered the solid and cozy little flat known to him as
Sherlock calmly packed the instrument back into its case, for all the world appearing confident that John would move, if prodded correctly. His flatmate however noticed how his hands trembled minutely, and how once he was leaning over the detective blinked furiously, as if trying to clear dark spots from his vision. Dehydrated, most likely. On top of hunger. John found his resolve if possible harden more.
Eventually, the strange song that John had heard when he had seen the seals faded from his mind, not disappearing but becoming somehow muted and faint. Bigger issues to handle chased after John, the primary one being that it appeared his parents were fighting. Over what, he didn't know. Yet the cabin seemed to quake with the tension of the two adults, stonily silent whenever the other was in the room.
Sherlock's voice had sounded distant even in his own ears. Surrounded by shattered dishware, his knuckles bloody and bruised, he likely looked like he was made of the coldest of stone. Yet he felt like he was molten lava. Unformed. Out of control. His voice lowered to a whisper. “I have no friends.”
He was as tall and spindly as a tree, a shock of red-brown hair coming to fall in sweeping sort of bangs that just half-covered his eyes. His jaw had the faint ginger tinge of a beard coming in, and he held the hand of a small, slightly chubby little boy with big glasses and darker hair. John was soon introduced to Mr Sean Stamford and his nephew, Mike. The pale, moon-faced boy that smiled at John seemed friendly, and he grinned back before he could stop himself.
that filled his head. For the Dragon found himself looking into the soldier's eyes and seeing something he hadn't seen before.
John took in the stranger before him. He was a tall man, dressed in an immaculate three-piece suit that looked as if it cost more than all of John’s army pension. The most notable aspects of his nondescript features and accessories was the bleak ridge of his nose and the umbrella at his side. His voice was the polished notes of the upper-class.
Dreams called to him, vague and formless things, but the little boy fought it, suddenly afraid. What if Sherlock was leaving him? What if he couldn't ever wake up? What if all of this was a mistake? John struggled mentally, the clouds of sleep still trying to cling to him. He didn't want Sherlock to go, didn't want to be left in this cove for an entire day. He didn't want to dream of his family's anger, or his own guilt. He made a soundless noise of distress, except perhaps it didn't go completely unheard. For Sherlock's last words comforted John before he slipped away, as much at the hand that traced the burning mark along the inside and outside of his wrist.
Only to let out a yelp of surprise as he caught sight of a shadowed figure curled on the floor of his room.
Conrad's hearing was sensitive, and already he could feel a ringing along his temple and neck as he stumbled, trying to figure out in his disorientation how to get back to the bloody flat
“-And I can’t do politics for shit, sorry about that. Really I’m a poor choice, you’d probably want someone else for the job. Anyone, really. I mean, if it’s blokes you’re into, I know a few who’d be more than happy to be your bride. Though you might want to tell Raz, as he’s been trying to fob women onto you for years now, the clergy just assume after all…”
Lestrade tied his silvery pelt about his hips with ease, revealing a man with kind brown eyes and a shock of hair that matched the colour of his other form’s hide. He was clearly older than Sherlock by a number of years, but still had the strong arms and legs of a habitual swimmer. Similar to Mycroft, he wore a band that was wrapped about his upper bicep. In contrast, his was made of silver, and the stones that glinted from it were shimmery and reflective-opal.
baby brother. But like all games, we must have a tie-breaker. Sherlock's just about to wrap up my little
Mike’s kind face momentarily darkened, and the two men broke apart as another demon fell out of the sky between them. This time John didn’t need to draw his bow, his friend already had his weapon out, stretched overhead before striking downwards in a clean blow. The demon’s eyes, ghost-green and glowing like a magical furnace dimmed.
The crux of the agreement was struck up after an evening in which the two siblings both had a rather tense heart-to-heart, long after their mother had finished her own lecturing.
warning for misgendering, drug use and overdose, and all the usual triggers in this chapter. After this the next chapter will likely be about Mycroft and Sherlock's relationship and how it's evolved over his life. ^_^ enjoy
His mother found her son's tea, though sometimes too bitter or too weak, to be strangely therapeutic for her regularly frayed nerves.
“Humans live, Humans die. What should I care about a village that has for some reason decided to settle under
“Hush now, love. Try to behave tonight, just for me?” Mycroft watched as his mother put the finishing touch on his younger brother, a silver circlet that donned his curls like entwined branches. They were woven in protective symbols, blessing and shielding Sherlock from harm at once. The centre jewel matched the young Dragon’s eyes.
,” Sherlock murmured, pale eyes considering. John didn’t have time to move before the Selkie was very suddenly in his personal space, plush lips pressed lightly against the chill tip of his nose. The sudden heat of it made John’s ears burn. The Selkie leaned back, nodding his head as if satisfied with himself. “It’s
Dodge might have continued, but was interupted by a ferocious snarl as both she and John were unexpectedly flung back, pinned defensively at opposite sides of the room by their respective Dragons. It was strange: one moment the soldier was standing upright, the next he was being tossed to the floor like a sandbag for target practice. John wheezed, breath knocked out as he looked above him. All he saw was the shadow of massive dark wings.
“We need to get closer to the gate, Piper and Rory are due to be there. They need information.” John panted into Sherlock’s ear, licking chapped lips even as the pounding of his heart threatened to drown him. There had been a moment, albeit a small one, where he’d forgotten he was wearing straps to hold him in place. The moment of blind terror where he had thought he might fall had left him nearly quaking. Sherlock didn’t seem to notice.
She remained that way for a long time, long into the night. When her husband finally came home, he noticed the burned cigarette stub. Gruffly, he asked who passed by.
And this time, he suspected which personality was coming out. And he struggled to not let it happen as in horror he realized that Sherlock was still waiting for him outside.
And the way he says it, Daniel feels like he's in the middle of some crappy soap opera with illicit lovers and petty lies. He resists the urge to spit at the man's polished shoes.
Sherlock, hadn’t he. Kissed him like some common whore looking for a way to pay for his people’s water. What was more, it had been
“If Moriarty is being invited to the Ball, then my mother will have to deal with the fact that I have no desire to attend said ball.” Sherlock muttered spitefully. John thought of what he knew of Sherlock’s mother, shuddering a little bit at the possible fallout of
John opened his mouth to speak, but his friend beat him to it. He spoke as if the very words were desperate to break from him, like wild horses bursting from a stable and running raggedly all over their original meaning. A phrase that Sherlock had once barked at John, during the Baskerville case.
She turned then, and Cerioth caught in the cool glow of the lantern the sight of her back. There was a glint there, hidden just under the collar of her clothes. Normally it would have been hidden under a uniform, but Irene had shed hers as easily as she had shed her allegiances. The silver-pink glint of scar tissue made Cerioth uneasily feel the sweat on the back of his neck all the more.
“Once he believes that there's no ulterior motive behind your apology, you might even get a Sherlockian version of an “I'm sorry” yourself.”
He had not been expecting the level of chaos that had descended upon the hospital upon the helicopter’s arrival. Mycroft had watched as his staff tore down the hall, trying to hold down a bleeding, dying man even as they barked terse orders at one another. Through the grime, the soldier had been recognisable from his reports: John Watson, now in the middle of a damaged Bond. Broken. Shouting unintelligibly. Behind John, a bed that held a Dragon that was at once a stranger and an aching memory.
He winced at the weakness in his own words, the lame affirmation. Sherlock hummed slightly, neither supportive nor disagreeing with the statement. John sipped his tea, despite the fact that it was still too hot. If only so that he didn't have to stare into his friend's all-knowing gaze longer than was
Three months later, John had watched a new lieutenant destroy the Gem that had killed Benson as revenge, only to be speared from behind by another waiting in the shadows.
Sherlock rubbed at the spot she had struck him, looking up at her after a moment with his brows drawn tightly. His voice was uncharacteristically soft, subdued.
“The Dragons… It’s a cultural matter. They value children because they’re a sign of fertility, growth. To kill one… there’s a term for it in the native tongue… I can’t remember it…” From the village crowd, the Dragon then lifted its dirty head. Eyes slitted coldly, it spat the word at Benson’s feet, hatred seething in its gaze. The word was guttural, and it sent the Dragons into unease in both their thoughts and body-language, many looking away from the villagers and down at the sand at their feet.
All of John’s hopes for a second attempt at Fusion it seemed, had been discarded for the foreseeable future.
The Spirit's voice rumbled, the same tone that sent shivers through the deathly silence of the crowd. Pale blue eyes glittered from underneath dark curls in clinical detachment, even as the being's words lilted in obliging mirror to John's.
And the little girl hesitated, guilt clenching in her chest. John wouldn't want her to lie. Her mummy wouldn't have wanted it, at least she didn't think she would have. But mummy had been dead since before she had been born, and John was asleep. No Daniel about, not even stupid Sneak. And her brother had a point...
He was leaning towards insulted, but that might have been due to the fact that there was blood on his new jumper.
for someone resigning themselves to a night in a motel somewhere. His calm footsteps stood in sharp contrast to his friend's frenzied pace. John's eyes
rested. Stiff-faced, he thanked the girl and carried on, suddenly glad that his unimposing height allowed him to melt into the crowd.
The woman extended her hand then towards John, beckoning him closer. John reluctantly moved, wandering into the woman’s presence. This close she appeared less human, more like a shade or flicker of light. She takes the music box delicately from his hands, and the action was far more solid than John gets the feeling it should be. Winding it, the delicate tune began again, and the woman spoke over it in hushed tones.
“Look here you big scaly git, I've got some things for you and I can't reach them if you insist on crushing me to death. As much as it's nice to know that
He found himself rising to his feet to greet Mrs Hudson with a smile, a bloom of warmth pooling in his chest unexpectedly at the sight of the frail old woman. And old friend of her grandmother's, John could remember many a summer having begged and wheedled his way into getting sweets for free from her shop. He was rather startled to realise that he was now taller than the woman (though he by no means towered over her). Somehow she seemed so much smaller, so much more breakable than the hearty woman he had grown up all but terrorising.
“You smoke.” Is the only reply the detective deigned to give him. He watched as Not-John shifted agreeably, nodding an affirmation even before fishing around in his pockets and revealing a pack. Taking one out, he held it out to Sherlock, expression reading and calculating again.
in a very good mood at the moment, dear. Says he just felt like playing today even though he hasn't in a while. Wouldn't be able to tell it, what with how good he is. He's at your level with a guitar, wouldn't you say?”
which made the fact that John’s face began to flame only mildly less horrifying. Greg watched in wicked amusement as the Water-Spirit edged his way out of the room, a distant clap of thunder outside making his leave utterly hilarious. As soon as he fled out the door, Greg snorted a laugh. It was warm and bright, and made John’s flush cool just a bit. He chanced a wobbly smile, reaching for his own teacup.
Neither man dared to breathe until John felt the faintest fluttering of heat beneath his fingertips. At first certain it was imagined his breath caught, a burning feeling in the back of his eyes stinging as he waited, baited by hope.
And it wasn't until the minute tension in Sherlock's spine relaxed, that John realised the Dragon's fear. That for a moment, he wondered if John would do the same to him as Patrick was doing right then to his Dragon, rather loudly in the stalls outside. As the Dragon relaxed under John's hand, the soldier noticed how the tingling from the tattoo on his arm seemed to grow to curl over his elbow.
the shudder that racked itself through John's body, and then his friend's hands were loosening their hold, a startled gasp leaving Claude's lips even as with John's body she moved
It was nearly seven moons before Mycroft went to find Sherlock.  The barriers between the human world and their own had once again fully closed, sealing off the two worlds as separate, conjoined no longer. The steady tap of the Incubus’ parasol was like a stone thrown into a lake, a ripple in Sherlock’s thoughts even as he lay prone and still, splayed out as he was on the cold stone floor of the Bone Room. None of his creations dared bother him, and they rattled in greeting towards the elder Holmes even as they nervously whispered amongst themselves. Their master was not the same. Something was wrong with their sire. They chattered with one another, creating a cacophony much like the chirping of birds. It was silenced only by the pointed clearing of Mycroft’s throat, as Sherlock opened his eyes in acknowledgement of his presence a distant age after his arrival.
Sherlock was not prone to emotion, but the case had taken on if possible an uglier pattern, one he did not notice until now. The victims were getting younger.
“No. Not you.” was all he managed. Somehow, it was enough. Sneak looked at him curiously, blue eyes dark with something unnamed. His response was careful.
Yet the difference with this, was that Sherlock didn’t require John for something. He was choosing to trust without any real reason to, and that was something that didn’t happen in a foster home with ten kids, all sporting issues unique to themselves. John had been housed with children that bit people compulsively, stole things with kleptomanic frequency, and even one that had still used a night light at the age of thirteen.
He could feel a big, stupid grin lodging itself on his face, and a second later the detective’s warm, rumbling chuckle filled the cab. Sherlock, unaware of the revelation he had brought on John’s life, continued to stare out the window. However, his own grin was just as wide, and appearing just slightly.... embarrassed. Pleased, but sheepish about something.
Until finally, Sherlock's rage would drain, and he would collapse onto the sand. Knees tucked to his chest, the Selkie would allow himself a few, quiet tears. Unlike a Human's, they did not taste like salt. They tasted pure and warm.
Instead he just breathed more deeply, hands trembling at his sides and sweat running down his neck as he dared himself to look up through his lashes at the Dragon's agile form.
Still, it was nearly midnight before John's hand, fingers trembling something terrible, slid towards the heavy latch sealing the Crate and its contents inside.
Sherlock, that much was certain. There was an atmosphere about the creature, an instant connection the child understood down to his bones even if he did not fully comprehend its meaning. Yet did he want to stay with Sherlock...
Slowly, ever so slowly, he turned his head to the side. Exposing his throat in a universal sign of submission. His thoughts went in a loop instinctively, repeating a mantra in his head that flowed in a constant circle.
in the first place?). Feeling as though he had stepped into an alternate dimension, one which he and his partner lived a classically domestic lifestyle, Sherlock approached with the caution of a cat half-suspected they were going to be submerged in ice water.
Like he'd gladly throttle his superior without a second thought. Worse, was their Dragons. Rin stood stock-still, but her eyes were watching closely for the slightest sign of movement. Even a moment's instinct to attack. In contrast, Wilkes' Dragon still lay coiled upon the ground. Rumbling growls emanated from the lump, like it was in great pain. Part of John wanted to look the Dragon over, the other part was wary of the wickedly-sharp teeth he could see even from where he stood.
Sherlock's immediate bristle was sharp and edged, his eyes turning to menacing slits before John hastily tried to calm him with soothing thoughts.
“You'll have to forgive Sherlock, he's a bit of a late sleeper. I didn't want to wake him, since he's still healing. He's been eating more, think he might actually gain some muscle if he continues getting regular meals into him.”
used to tie her dress ribbons to the chair, used to sit right beside her so he could kick her shin to tell her when she had gone to far in a deduction. Used to
Straightening as if he’d been electrocuted, John hadn’t noticed how close Sherlock had become. He narrowly avoided clipping the detective in the chin as he lifted his head, stepping back just in time even as bile rose sour in the back of his mouth. Looking past the detective to Lestrade’s pale face, the ex-army doctor realised that he wasn’t breathing. With a voice that grated harshly like it was coated in nails, John made his excuses.
The detective then went for the next easiest deduction, ticking the prior off of his list mentally of things he already suspected but couldn't actually confirm. The things he thought most people would dance about, but he knew that John wouldn't like him to do so. Not if he could get to the heart of something swiftly. Not if he could reach some kind of conclusion faster.
for Christ's sake, he should have been packed by now, apologising to Mrs Hudson for not staying longer. He thought to himself that it was just his luck, to finally gain some courage when everything in his brain should have been urging him to turn tail, make a tactical retreat. Men who didn't know when to give up in war lost their lives, John had learnt that the hard way, watching his comrades get slaughtered before his eyes. He had learnt it first-hand, covering a comrade's prone body only to have a bullet rip its way through his shoulder. Yet now here he was, and he couldn't bring himself to put the book in his hands down, couldn't seem to bear the idea of leaving.
“The last time I personally saw Henry, was three years after the incident. Upon recognising me as the man who took him out of Baskerville, he said and I quote:
John struggled to reign in the flush that overtook his neck and ears at the creature’s comment, scowling even as Sherlock, seeming to have lost interest for the moment, flounced away towards the wooden chest where he would find a silken blue robe, and a cacophony of quilted blankets. The Selkie, despite his protests towards John’s wardrobe choices, appeared to have little to no qualms about exploring the cabin that would be his new home for a while with a blanket trailing about his shoulders like a cloak.
Sherlock followed John’s line of vision, eyes coming to rest on the extra cup and saucer. Mentally he cursed his own stupidity, deciding to go for the easy half-lie. After all technically, John had deduced correctly. His brother had stuck his foot in the door earlier.
to the dry part of the cove. John's breathing was heavy, his heartbeat thrummed hard enough for Sherlock to feel it as he brushed his ribs, the
“And you say you don’t have a heart.” He muttered thickly, laughing even as the detective sniffed offendedly. “You ruddy
it. Almost a week ago, Ryuk alerted me to an intruder in my chambers. A paid man, known already for petty crime. He had a knife, though my friend made short work of any limb that could possibly put it to use without much trouble.”
The seal followed in silence behind him, long body leaving grooves in the rocky beach that would last until the tide pulled in deeper, erasing the secrets of the sea with blue-tinged hands.
Behind him, the voices gradually grew fainter, and John soon became aware of the sensation of being rained on. Fat, cold droplets hit him from every side, the wind blowing through his thin pyjama shirt and bottoms and causing shudders to tremble down his spine. His teeth chattered, even as he slid down the rock pile and huddled under its outcropping, clutching his arms in his hands. He curled inwards on himself, crying and shaking and trying to understand exactly where he was through the blur of tears. The darkness seemed to close in on all sides, making it hard to see. Not even the moon was out, covered by the clouds that spat lightning like poison on the ground below. John could hear and just make out the dark form of the ocean, rumbling and crashing roughly on the rocks.
. It was clear from the moment they had rode off from the Fire Swamp that this unpleasantness would come back to bother them - however, he had expected it to crop up at the last chance. It felt more in John’s nature to fight it till the last moment.
“So you've done this before then?” John asked, as casually as he could. He didn't want to give his captors the satisfaction of sensing his trepidation over this exceedingly foolish and dangerous plan.
At first, it infuriated the farm hand. The man didn't even bother to get his name before ordering him about. Yet, it wasn't until John pieced together what he was doing WHEN ordering him around that he realised something. Sherlock Holmes was arrogant, and demanding as he was posh --- but first and foremost, he was brilliant. Not just smart, but possibly in possession of the greatest mind in the world.
“I didn’t mean to be gone for so long; John you must believe me- things were beyond my control. Yet, I hope this proves something very important to you.” Sherlock’s voice was serious, prompting John to meet his unwavering gaze.
“You have six fingers on your right hand…” Sherlock commented, his tone knowing and sly. His eyes glistened mockingly, every bit of his body language screaming
“Why did you lie about whom you were? Wait no, I mean. I get it a bit. You wanted to test me, right? No, get that look off your face - it’s alright. It’s a bit not good, but it’s fine. What I mean instead is, why did you claim to be whom you did? Was it just because that’s who I decided you were?”
Despite the chaos on the boat, it still managed to chase him efficiently. Water clashing as he pumped his arms and legs with all his might. He could feel the water ripple violently around him and the shouts of Hope almost caused John to miss a terrifying hiss that came from the depths below. Pausing on the spot, treading in the water, John listened as the hiss came again but louder. Closer and accompanied.
clouding my judgement.” Adler’s voice dripped with honeyed venom towards Hope. Clearly, his comments from earlier had not been forgotten or forgiven so easily.
Sherlock was not fond of physicality he didn’t initiate; while he could deal with the rough grip of the guards - he despised the almost intimate way that The Count looked at and touched him. Sherlock pulled his head away, causing Count Charles’ hand to retreat slightly. Holding itself up, fingers spread as if he were trying to tame a wild animal. That was when Sherlock saw it, his gloved hand. Everything prim and proper, the fine leather riding gloves that held the embossing of a family crest on the back of the palm before spreading out into one, two, three, four, five,
“Put him down! Put him down!” He heard Hope shout as Lestrade lowered him onto the deck. Adler wasted no time before tying his wrists back together.
Rosie  groggily opened her eyes, stretching slightly as she adjusted to the light. “Aunt Molly? Wh- you were reading…”
The Prince rolled his eyes and looked so disappointed in the question. “No, no, no, no… the loser is nothing! Only the Prince matters! Come on!”
John eventually untangled himself from the seemingly endless limbs of Sherlock, although not entirely out of a desire to - purely out of a necessity to do so. Standing up,
“And this time, keep him away from anything he could free himself with.” She snipped to Hope, who dismissed her comments.
John tried not to let his hesitations show as a rope was tied around his waist and attached to Lestrade. He forced himself not to look up at the impossible feat in front of them, and focused on Hope and Adler strapping themselves to the Brute. Once everyone was secure, Lestrade gave a grunt. “Hold on tight, here we go.”
Sherlock, for all his trepidation about entering the Swamps, laughed lightly. “Rodents of Unusual Size? I don't believe they actually exist.”
“And speaking of which, is it okay for you to be in infection central?” John cut in, “As it turns out, age is not a factor with chickenpox… at least not a good one anyway.”
“Aye, she did…” John sighed, tugging at his shirt collar to reveal the increasing number of red spots appearing on his skin.
“Because, people tend to be frightened off by you. Really how much longer must we go over this?” The voice he presumed belonged to Hope answered. “God help me for trusting you to help me start a war.”
“I’m beginning to think that we aren’t meant to get out of here alive.” John mused softly, helping him sit up, brushing sand out of his hair.
“Of course.” Prince James agreed, watching unshaken as his betrothed turned heel and left his study. Waiting for the door to click shut before all pleasantries fell from his face, turning harshly towards the Chief. “He will
Uncaring for the fact that Lestrade had been small & frightened the entire time; only trying to earn his keep as he had no family to call his own.
“Of course, your highness.” Captain Watson replied with a nod, allowing the Prince to lead the way. They walked a bit aways, following the path from the Guardhouse to the Courtyard. The Captain watched as the Prince remained silent, wondering what on earth he could be of service to the Prince for. There was no battle, and as far as he knew there were no immediate dangers. Even if there were, why would he not go to his own guard first?
A tut of condolence came from the Count, giving his companion a pat on the shoulder. “Get some rest your highness, after all if you don’t got your health, you haven’t got anything.”
John’s face scrunched in confusion at the statement, turning to question him before see the strange look on his face. It was uncharacteristically unguarded and it was almost frightening to witness. John didn't even know what to think before he felt the realisation dawn on him.
Roberts didn't look up as slender gloved fingers loosened the rough ropes. “It's slowing us down. I want to reach the ship before night fall. Besides, it would be foolish to try to escape. You are in no fit state to fight, you also don't know the terrain like I do, should you attempt to flee.”
He looked into the Woman's eyes, expecting a look of disappointment, instead she tightened the grip on his shoulder. Her other hand reaching towards his chest as she lazily drew her fingers up and down it, sending a rather distracting tingle to his spine with a smile. John let his mind water just long enough to not realise until too late that she wasn't looking at him any longer but at something behind him before she said to him, “Then there will be no one to hear you scream.”
The phrase ran on a loop inside Prince John’s mind as he wandered about the castle halls. If he had thought himself sad before, this was down right unbearably depressing. At least before, he had thought there was no way for him to have Sherlock again. He had thought him dead, taken from him by fate and not by any choice of his own. It was easy to feel blameless. Yet, even then he had laid awake at night, wondering if he could have done something. Stopped him from going, gone with him. Gone in his place. Anything could have changed the tragic outcome, but he didn’t allow himself to think like that because what was done was done and it couldn't be reversed.
The Prince shifted in his seat instinctively at Hope's shout, seeing that Adler kept turning her head into the direction behind them. The sudden movement also brought a sharp jab to his side. A loose nail, bingo!
Molly Hooper hadn’t realised her mistake until she looked up to take a sip of her tea. She pretended not to notice; but the room had grown uncomfortably still. Mrs Hudson glanced nervously to the boys as Rosie remained (hopefully) ignorant to it all. John had gripped the comforter tightly, avoiding the gaze of Sherlock; who had pulled his knees up to his chest and was watching John with guilt-ridden eyes.
He looked at him, ice in his gaze but it wasn't alone. John could see, hiding underneath the frost and tucked away in the back corner of his eye, a desperate plea. It wasn't obvious at a glance, you had to be looking for it. John hadn't realised he had been looking that intently into the sectoral eyes of Sherlock Holmes until he spotted it. “John, drop it….
“Soberin’ you up.” Lestrade answered simply, the hint of a grin on his cheeks as he did, “Pull yourself together, Adler. I’m going to need you at your best.”
. Words I swear to the heavens to hold close as we embark on this new chapter in our nation’s proud history. A chapter that I now share with a man of great heart and leadership. My people, I present to you: Royal Consort Prince Jonathan!”
, John loved him. He couldn't afford to be wrong about this. “Earlier today, I realised something and it's completely shaken my entire life. I mean it because, it's not what I ever expected. Really, Sherlock, it's almost terrifying in the same way that it was life affirming. I finally understand, at least… god, Sherlock I think I understand. Please, I hope to God I am not wrong...”
“You mean, you hoped to successfully get away with kidnapping me before telling me you were alive.” It's manic, John’s voice. Uncertain if he was more amazed or furious. It's stated as a fact, not an inquiry.
Lestrade frowned slightly as he swiped once more, putting his weight into it. Missing, but the weight of the punch causing him to stumble - allowing The Man in Black to leap onto the rock and use the height to throw himself onto the back of Lestrade.
John watched him carefully, for a moment he could hear Sherlock’s voice saying those words through Roberts’ tale. Trying to talk his way out, relying on his mind rather than his fists. If Roberts was waiting for John to speak, he wouldn't get his wish. Yet, John couldn't help but notice the softness that had taken his captor. As if the memory was close to his heart somehow.The pirate continued his story: “
The ceremony brief, as festivities in the shadow of the king’s death felt improper, but what promised to be anything but was the royal presentation.  The square flooded with life, activity from every corner as everyone eagerly awaited for their new sovereign and his husband to appear from the parapets. Emboldened by the success of last time, Prince Jonathan stood inside the castle halls, awaiting to be allowed to meet the people once more as the Royal Consort. It was pointless for him to pretend to be anything other than slightly nervous --- but fear had always been what steeled him and urged him on. The sounds of cheer and laughter faded as the horn salute began cascading in the air, drawing the attention of the onlooking crowd to the parapets where King James II now stood in all his regal glory. He didn’t need to see him to know it was true.
It took no more than fifteen minutes for the Woman to help pull The Man in Black up; significantly faster than if he had been left to his own devices and quite frankly, Irene had no desire to linger long enough to see her claims about nightfall come true. It had caused her some strain, but The Man in Black seemed worse for wear judging by his gasping breaths as he climbed up and brushed himself off.
John’s life had changed exponentially, in the span of five years he had gone from being a farm boy, to a man who loved and lost, to a solder, to a Captain of the Royal Guard, and now he was about to be introduced to the entire kingdom of Florin as the Prince Consort. It felt unreal, even as a butler (a personal butler, had Sherlock had a personal butler? How had he never asked him such a thing?) dressed him in finery for the ceremony. The look they were going for was regal, yet still military. Highlighting that he fought for the people, the people he was a part of.
Sherlock remained oblivious to the conflicts arising in John behind him, how could he have known the peace John had made with becoming the future consort of Florin? While the idea of wedding the Prince instead of Sherlock had been mixed, Sherlock couldn't understand the level of loyalty he had developed for their kingdom. How he had intended to use his future power to help and guide their people to a better future? John had been acting in a public role for so long, it wasn't easy to just pick up and drop everything. He felt responsible for the people somehow; even if they were only his concern out of impeding wedlock.
“Is it on freezing to death? Because that's what will happen if you don't come down. If you don't break your neck slipping off.”
“What the bloody hell are you on about?!” John exclaimed, as Rosie gave him a serious look of allegiance. “You are not helping! I'm trying to calm her not rile her up more!”
Mrs Hudson tutted sympathetically, “Come now dearie, nothing to get upset about. Let's tuck back in with your dad…” She rose from her chair to attempt to persuade the young Watson back into her space on Sherlock’s now very rumpled bed.
The Man in Black didn't even flinch, he just watched him with an unreadable expression. “Don't I? I could tell your origin by some skin colouring and your hands. Do you really think your
Sherlock looked like he understood but also like his strongly disagreed with his logic, “But John you don’t understa-” His words were cut short as a guard brushed over and began to drag John away. Sherlock lunged forward, but was restrained.
Sherlock paused, reaching for the crop that John was holding out for him as if he had been caught doing something.
He didn’t run away immediately, that not only would have been a huge disrespect to the family he served but it also was physically impossible for him to do anything. He had been angry, hurt --- lost in a sea of confusion and mourning as he tried to understand how he could live in a world where Sherlock Holmes was dead.
He didn’t know this, as Sherlock wasn’t the type to pour such sentiment (it was a miracle he had been as forthcoming as he had been these last few moments), but he felt the same.
to deceive him. For while Hope proved to be the opposite of his initial claims, reminding him very much of his old managers - it was in Irene that Lestrade had found everything he was promised. A loyal friend, she held no fear of him. She could handle herself, but was always appreciative of his skills when they were in deep waters. The two had worked as a great team, and Hope knew their pressure points. Irene needed the job, she needed the ability to travel and cross paths with all types. She was looking for something and needed the coin and opportunity  that Hope provided. Whereas, Lestrade’s fears of loneliness and being in bad company were what kept him in line.
Prince Charles smirked, one that was recognizable to all whom had ever gone on the hunt with him. It was the smirk he got when he was setting up the groundwork for the perfect trap. “Indeed, and it seems that panic had led them into great error - for unless I am wrong, and I am never wrong, our targets are heading straight for the fire swamp! Quickly now, make haste! I would prefer not to be wed to a charred corpse.”
Count Charles immediately noticed his shift in demeanour. His body stiffening as he pulled himself back upright. Serene grin turning into a cold stare. “...I know a woman who is looking for you….”
At this, Irene withdrew the blade she carried, holding it out for the Man in Black to examine. Curious eyes took hold of it. Feeling it's balance and weight, giving it a satisfying swish in the air. A small grin of amazement on his lips shone for a second before replaced with a stoic condolence. “I've never seen it's equal.” he mused, offering it back to The Woman. “So you've done nothing but study swordplay?”
has already suffered for this.  I don't care what the man offered you, this isn't worth it. Now this guy….”
“Sire…” the enforcer spoke respectfully, head tilting back up to see the Prince motion for him to be at ease.
“Why didn't you wait for me?” The question threw him off guard; John blinked as he realised that Sherlock was looking at him with razor sharp focus. For the first time since their reunion, his face was unguarded - such as it was the night he arrived to John’s hut before leaving. Much as it had been the night John had taken care of his concussion after falling off the roof of the barn.
As they ran, John began to pick up the familiar thundering of hooves, sensing what Sherlock had picked up prior. His betrothed Prince James, the man he had been banking and secretly praying to come find him, was now the man he was fleeing from. A part of John wished to ask why they merely couldn’t stop and reunite with the party. Surely, no crime had been committed by Sherlock’s hand. He had been the one to save him after all - yet, a part of him didn’t picture the Prince being favourable to the knowledge that John was intending to leave him weeks before their wedding.
John exhaled, pressing his forehead to Sherlock's. For a moment the two of them just sat and breathed. The sooner they got out of this damn swamp, the closer to his ship they would be and hopefully there they could patch up as they needed. “How many more times is the world going to try to part us?”
Prince James gave the Captain a charming smile. “At ease, Captain, you are not being scolded. However, I do wish to discuss a very important matter with you. Walk with me?”
John sniffed, small smile on his lips as he thought to that day. How far away it seemed right now, but looking around his little hut, he knew that Sherlock was right. “I’ll miss you.”
He thought to himself, his name on his lips as he cried out. John looked back, struggling, demanding a chance to say goodbye before he was pulled up onto The Prince’s horse. “JOHN!”
John nodded and held the door open for him. Sherlock smirked a bit as he looked about, pointing towards the dilapidated bookshelf in the corner. “That was broken last time too.” he mused. “Funny, you spend all your days working and fixing things but you hardly touch your own belongings.”
I should also warn people who are not familiar with The Princess Bride that there will be some implied violent torture in upcoming chapters. Nothing graphic will be depicted, but watch the tags.
“Can’t you all see? Count Charles, surely you can-- no? Oh, I’m disappointed. Look. Two sets of footprints, the prince is still alive. At least he was an hour or so ago.” He abruptly jumped to his feet, in a near fluid motion the Prince mounted his steed. “And if he is otherwise when I find him…. I shall be very
The Man in Black lowered his blade. “I suppose zis scenario will provide me a better chance, but frankly I feel ze odds are slightly in your favour when it comes to street wrestling.”
The younger man still looked at him like he was speaking in foreign tongues, but at least a familiar look of humour had settled into the mix as he gave him a smirk before continuing their walk. “And they called
Sherlock didn't speak immediately, but he took a step towards John so that he could now better smell the expensive soaps used the in Main House, the laundered linen of his clothes and a musk that could only be described as Sherlock. It was intoxicating and it was cruel. “I was informed yesterday that I was to go forth on this trip. My Uncle Ruddy, works in the Port Town and can put me on a ship for me to seek my fortune. My mother intended for me to stay the summer, but after your nocturnal visit I realised I couldn't wait that long.”
The sun began to crack it's beams across the sky, stirring John from one of the most restless sleeps of his life. His back was stiff from being propped against the mast all night; his clothes still damp from the late night dip he took and it was sending an uncomfortable chill throughout his body. Furthermore, he felt a throb on the back of his neck where Lestrade kept rendering him unconscious and a chafing on his wrists from the ropes that bound him.
The Man in Black took this into regard, seeming to consider this before speaking. Almost challenging him with his next question. “Do you really think your dearest love will save you?”
He was in Greenland, a place where you go to disappear and wait out your days doing whatever you can to keep going. Live as peaceful an existence as possible, a concept which here meant alone and scraping by. Even in Greenland, where the company was already extremely limited to begin with, Lestrade wasn’t exactly viewed a good company. Something that came to the benefit of the very first visitor the Brute had ever received in his life.
“It won’t. I promise.” Rosie countered, looking back at her dad with pleading look. “Look. I’ll be good. I swear. Molly? Please?”
Roberts watched John carefully, as if processing his words carefully. The Prince shook himself from his thoughts, bringing the bite back into his demeanor. “Ahem, anyway - it was on the seas  that your ship attacked and everyone knows that the
The second, was one he ensured to get everyday; a ride along the forest trail. The Prince Consort took the same route every day. Out of the grounds and into the King’s forest. Used typically for royal hunting parties and trespassing for common folk was forbidden. It felt foolish to John to bar an entire wood, regardless of it being so small, but he had to admit he was grateful for it a little as it provided John the only part of his day where he was truly left alone. Even at night he could hear the clinking armour of a guard outside his door. In the wood he could be alone with his thoughts; if he let his mind wander that way (which he didn't, usually) he could be reminded of the grounds that surrounded Musgrave Hall. The few times that Sherlock's antics would drive them out there, usually coming back with muddy boots and leaves in his hair. It was familiar, which made it feel more like home than the palace did.
The Man in Black arched an eyebrow at this, to which she only replied with a devilish smirk before explaining: “I did so to such an extent however, that I found myself stuck in India in some trouble when Hope found me about three years ago. He helped me get out and I've been working with him ever since to pay the bills.”
Only one reason came to John’s mind. “You were dead, Sherlock. You were dead and I didn’t know to think any different!”
Back in the year 498, Captain Watson discarded his helmet, tucking it under his arm in proper fashion and crossed the field to where Prince James stood. He couldn’t think as to what he had done to be summoned by the Crown Prince, but he still held his chin up and gave the man his dues as in greeting. “Good evening, your highness. I was informed you wanted a word?”
Hope leaped from his seat, scampering over quickly as Lestrade turned in curiosity. In the distance, over the moonlit waves, a small ship could be seen. It was too small to be royal navy, yet too big to be a casual sailor. Adler placed a hand on her hip, one eyebrow cocked matter of factly towards the smaller man. He could feel her stares, grinding his teeth at the prospect of being outwitted by his subordinates. “That? Oh, that's nothing.” he said.
Sherlock shuffled in defeat over towards The Count, arms held tightly by the kingsmen. His sword confiscated and his shoulder in blistering pain from the struggles. Count Charles gave him a charming smile. “Come sir, let us bring you back to your ship.”
… I cannot believe I am saying this, but if there was ever a time we needed that beady little man, it’s now. He was the planner. I have no gift for strategy. We need a strategist!”
“A bit but as long as you head west before nightfall, you should be safe from catching your death with the cold.” She mused, smoothing her hair into her updo once more.
“Well… I’m used to… fighting large groups… great big gangs…” The Man made a sound that he couldn't tell if it was from the latest jerk, or if he was just encouraging him to continue explaining --- which he did regardless. Lestrade felt the lack of oxygen bring him to his knees, as The Man in Black began slipping. It was less of an intentional choke and more of the lean figure trying to hold on for dear life before passing out himself. It was a matter of who would crack first. “You see mate...aargh…you use different moves for fighting a group of ‘em then yeh do…” Lestrade was on his hands and knees, fighting for consciousness. “...just..onahh…”
The Woman reached for John, clearly not realising whom he was or she would have had second thoughts about doing so. Blue eyes, full red lips, all clinging to hope of a hero. “Please monsieur, could you please direct us towards zee nearest village, so my père may rest? How far iz eet?”
“Of course.”The Count agreed as Prince James gave a signal to his men before turning to the count and muttering something privately.
. Additionally, all this course of action would provide would be two men dead, and John powerless and penniless. He had no real title, sure he could go back to the guard but could he really after all he had done? Perhaps a happily ever after wasn't really possible. Perhaps the Fire Swamp had been trying to warn them of this. John knew what he had to do, and he hated it. “DO YOU PROMISE NOT TO HURT HIM?!”
One Sherlock looked a tad offended by. “I am not the criminal here. I was rescuing you - or so I thought. You didn’t seem too overjoyed at the prospect of being freed.”
He knew where they were meant to go, so Lestrade followed the path that had been drilled into their minds before taking the job. Anxious over the fact that he couldn’t remember the last time he had been on his own like this, only to find his trail come to an abrupt stop at a picnic scene. Hope laid  dead at his feet. His last laugh etched hauntingly onto his face. No sign of injury, just a lack of life. First Irene, and now Jefferson. For the first time since Greenland, Gregory was alone and it was unnerving.
I am back from my trip, apologies for the delay in updates due to it. I hope this longer chapter makes up for it.
Irene paused for a moment, thinking before she crouched down, leveling as much as she could to the mysterious shadow below. Her eyes solemn as she spoke to him, “Monsieur, I swear on the soul of Kate Adler that you will reach the top alive.”
“God, haven't I done so enough?” She muttered to herself before shouting down. “Oh come now, isn't there anything that could convince you to trust me?”
None of this mattered much to Sherlock, however, as the life of a nobleman’s son did not hold much interest for him. He was a man of science, first and foremost. When he wasn't studying the latest research that tickled into the bookshops of their village, he was conducting his own. His experiments were to the chagrin of his mother, Lady Holmes who fretted about the situations her youngest son ended up in. A sentiment shared by the farm boy.
“Look, I don't mean to be rude - actually, I don't really care either way, but this isn't exactly an easy task and if you wish for me to join you then it'd be prudent to not distract me.”
Sherlock’s face had thawed a bit, the tension from before having been diffused. “Well, in my defense I was busy playing Doctor… and Pirate, it seems.” John gave him a pointed look at that, as he pretended not to notice.
“Oh yeah, terrified. All those people looking at me, but you helped me and now I am going to give you something to help you when you're scared.” Prince John said, releasing his shoulder and prying the Opal ring off his finger. He watched Billy’s eyes go wide, and gave a small laugh. “Don't worry, it's not my engagement ring. Just a small token from one man to another, to remind you that everyone gets scared even… Prince's,” it sounded weird to say allowed, “But anyone can be brave, even if they need a little help.”
“I give you full marks for bravery. Don't make yourself a fool.” The Prince tutted, before turning his eyes to his John. Watching him carefully, prompting the man to realise for the first time that he was currently trapped in a stalemate between his fiancé and his betrothed. Only John Hamish Watson would find himself in such a situation. John offered him a sympathetic look, not wanting to lay everything out at this exact moment while tension and emotions were running high. He knew his fiancé, and he knew often times his betrothed had reminded John of him. It would likely get explosive if it wasn't diffused soon.
Sherlock bit his lip momentarily, a sheepish grin and a devilish eye in stark contrast to each other on his face. “I did not lie, you named me as Roberts and that is who I am.”
Prince James’ party stopped abruptly as the Prince suddenly tugged on the reins of his mare; Count Charles’ eyes glanced towards the future sovereign with only momentary confusion before his eyeline traced his. In the distance, still a few miles off, two figures could be seen. They were relatively motionless, minus a few turns and arm whalings. His betrothed, and the unknown captor. It was clear on the faces of his hunting party that he was thoroughly put out and how could anyone blame him?
The brunette laughed as she bound to her feet, blade flashing and settling dangerously close to Dimmock’s throat. Instinctively, the swarm around her drew their weapons too. Even Moran lost a slight bit of the humour in his eye as his rifle cocked. Dimmock swallowed, The Woman having no desire to back down remained in their stalemate. The Chief looked desperately around him, trying to find a way out when he locked eyes with the largest of the brutes. Standing directly behind the swordswoman, motioning with his eyes to take her out from behind. The giant caught his eye, nodded as he took a step forward. “You haven’t been behaving very nice.” he grunted. The brunette’s eyes going wide at the sound and turning her head to see the man raise his club.
Sherlock winced, using his good elbow to bash into the creature's face. The rodent wailed, and Sherlock was able to throw it off of him just as a nearby fire trap began to pop. The creature landed just in time to get a nasty burn on its side. It's screams were violent and heart-wrenching. Sherlock shuffled backwards quickly, gripping his wounded shoulder tightly as John watched with blade raised. He had been ready to strike before the scream.
“He knows I don't.” John retorted, as if that somehow made it alright; still unsure why he felt the need to justify his engagement to the man. It was no secret to the royal court that they had no love between them. Respect perhaps, Prince James was charming and intelligent. There was little reason for him to view him as otherwise. Perhaps his choice of betrothed still made little sense, but it had been to make a point and their terms understood. A man of the people, earn their goodwill and trust by governing with the aide of one who was once one of them. A people's prince. More of a consort, he had to keep reminding himself. One of the nurses would be chosen to sire an heir one day.
However, the nudge couldn’t have been even more poorly timed, as John unknowingly gave Sherlock that joval shove just as he bordered a hidden patch of Snow Sand. The Snow Sand was another horror that haunted the nightmares of children. It was heavy, it filled you up and dragged you down until there was no hope of escaping. Sherlock dropped his sword as he felt himself sink into the sand. His first instinct was to panic, thrash and flail but reason dictated otherwise. Instead, he shut his eyes and mouth, wishing he had still had the mask to block his nostrils, and spread his arms and legs into a star shape. It would slow his sink, but it wouldn’t stop it. His fate rested in the hands of John Watson now.
“Oh yeah, I heard you were under the weather.” Greg cast the patient a softer glance, taking on the tone of the father who had seen this all before. “How are you holding up?”
wasn't as bad minus the kidnapping. But then Hope snarled, he whispered something in a threatening tone to Greg that John couldn't make out and by the pull on his arm leading him away; he realised that Hope had won.
She pulled herself up, taking the glass from her godmother sheepishly. “I didn't mean to. If you want, you can read again…”
Molly cast an eye upward, the look of relief was evident on Rosie’s face and followed by complacency once more as she once more allowed herself to be tucked close to her father. Clearly the feelings of betrayal had passed.
“The older brother told the younger to hold his hand, but the path was too narrow. The young prince was too small to fly.”
“I..can imagine.” John murmured, feeling for a moment a quell of despair. The idea that there was someone, even if that someone was a constructed personality, bearing his pain for him… it didn’t sit well with his conscience, and his hands came to absently run along the scars on his wrists. He felt bone-deep exhaustion within him, as if he had just done a mud-crawl through barbed-wire. He had no doubt that much of said weariness wasn’t his own.
“You're almost as smart as big brother!” She grinned at him then, and the darkly-curled man leaned forward in interest, blue eyes flickering in what he hoped would be mistaken as idle curiosity instead of burning desire to
It was beautiful, and he wondered even as he tucked his knee against his chin in thought if Grandma would have a new story for him. She almost always had another tale, and John could picture her warm face in his mind's eye. How those gnarled hands would gesture and weave a fantastic story in her sweet brogue, or how her dark-green eyes would shimmer when she'd stoke the fireplace. Her words seemed to come from the land itself around her, old legends as ingrained in her culture as the lines about her eyes. Grandma had a nice laugh, rich and warm, the kind that was impossible not to laugh along with.
