" JARVIS intoned, and Tony rolled his eyes and muttered something about his child trying to sleep, "
Tony stared at him a moment then leaned in and pressed a kiss against his cheek. "I knew you supported me, snuggle bunny."
"No one's giving me away. I'm not a livestock animal."
That theory was shot to hell a few hours later when JARVIS finished his analysis and the results — those horrible, horrible results — flashed on his screen.
"It's not gonna be something weird, right? I— Look, it was an amazing thing Tony did and Tony went through and I am still just so...proud of him. But I just don't think I could do that."
"It's because if we call it 'fucking' it devalues it. It doesn't mean as much. I think in his mind, anyone can
"What you— You know what you said."
"And you make fun of Steve for his dated references."
Steve just shrugged. "It's still none of their business."
Tony grinned. "The very idea of Captain America saying the word 'fuck.'"
"You must accept that you will never be rid of the Chancellor," she spoke, slowly, perhaps her accent and her native tongue making the vowels and consonants have difficulty tripping over her tongue. "He is the King's beloved. You know even better than I do that the Archbishop secretly united them in the sacred bonds of matrimony, and those are not so easily broken."
" he practically moaned around the mouthful of bread and cheese, "I can fucking
Five minutes. Fine. Whatever. He could lay here for five minutes. Just five minutes.
And above them all were Captain America and Iron Man, both turned to face the other and bumped together like they were kissing each other. Beneath that was a keepsake ornament from the entire gang, one that probably hadn't cost much but was priceless in sentimental value. He felt his face inadvertently break into a small smile as he took in the image of the little cartoonish mouse with the Santa hat sitting atop a child's letter block with the words 'Baby's First Christmas 2014' spelled out in a soft pink.
Steve shook his head as though to shake off Tony's digression and said, "I mean it. I…like you both ways."
Tony shivered at that, and he put a hand atop Steve's and held it there and rubbed his cheek against the slight scratch of Steve's scruff. Slight heat began to pool in his belly, and his nerves electrified at Steve's touch against him. He moved his hand up Steve's arm, feeling the hairs there brush against his palm, and it occurred to him that, for the second time in less than twenty-four hours—
"I got that one didn't I?"
Steve hummed a little, and he took Tony by his hips and pushed him up against the wall of the elevator as the doors closed behind them. “You think I don’t?” he murmured into Tony’s ear, and he felt Tony practically melt in his grasp. He brushed his nose against Tony’s jawline and rolled his hips some to push his still-hard shaft into Tony’s hip, Tony’s rock-hard dick pressing into his thigh.
"Yes, it is," Natasha agreed, but Tony didn't know if she actually agreed or was just humoring him. "But, look, you need some time too cool down, and as well-intentioned as Steve is, I don't know if he's the best one to do that for you right at the moment."
"At best I can say it's not your worst."
Tony let out a gasp as he stepped on after him. “Steven! Why— How could you? I am an absolute delight, and you should worship the very ground I walk on!”
But Cap just smiled, a soft, almost intimate kind of smile that he'd never once before directed at Tony. In fact, Tony didn't think he'd ever seen Cap direct that kind of smile at
to hurt him, Sam. I never did."
"Mmm…we don't have to go."
He just stared at Tony a little longer before he shook his head and tried to give Olivia the bottle once more. She fought Steve again but eventually seemed to accept it, though Tony was pretty sure if a six-week-old could glare in anger and annoyance, then she was doing exactly that to Steve.
had killed his parents, but it was more than that.
"Oh, you think you'd be all soft, nurturing words and tender caresses if you were in my place?"
Tony shrugged and wiped down the countertop. "Yeah, well, maybe you shouldn't act like such an old man then. Now, seriously, please go put her down for a nap before she gets all overtired and cranky."
Tony just grinned at him. "Yes," he said like this was all part of some joke Steve didn't understand. "It's a lot more than that. You might even say we
"If we just get rid of the Chancellor—" the third man muttered to the others, but the witch turned to him.
Natasha smiled at him. "Steve, are you trying to tell us something?"
Steve just shrugged, smiling a little, not committing to an answer either way as he found the first slice of rather warm and slightly melted birthday cake shoved at him.
"So, you're saying it's my fault?" he asked, but while there may have been challenge in his voice, there was no malice — only humor and slight flirty coyness.
"Not to say we weren't getting along just as swell before this. I'm not sure if you're aware, but we definitely one hundred percent did not need a baby to 'complete' us. We were doing absolutely fine just the two of us."
"—is pointing out the faults of the Stark-Rogers union, saying they're too old for each other—"
," Bruce countered quickly, "you said it's been happening for a while, so, I'm more confident in saying you're probably closer to delivering than, well, not."
"I knew what I was doing," he continued. "Do I regret it? Sure. I wish I'd told that bastard and I wish I'd made him stay home with me until it was all over and done with. But I knew what I was doing and I know…for the greater good, it was the right decision."
They swayed a few quiet minutes, Tony with his eyes closed as he let the rhythm and the music take him back to a happier time, but he was never one to leave well-enough alone, and he murmured, "Is this you trying to say you're sorry?"
"Yeah?" Steve said, leading, and, if Tony didn't know better, maybe even a little hopeful.
should mind your own fucking business."
"No, that's not how—"
"Or, you could flip me off," Bruce said and put his hands up in surrender.
Tony just hummed again but said nothing, a coy little twist to his lips, and he reached down and grabbed his bagel and took a bite of it. "Want your coffee?" he asked through a mouthful of food.
"Yeah."
"Yeah," Bruce replied and scrolled to another page.
"Papa Tony sounds like he's a much nicer person than our Tony," Rhodey mused and grabbed the first slice of pepper and onion from the pie.
Tony gave him a flat look. "No. I mean
But thinking about anything like that was a bad, bad idea. Not just because that was an alternate universe, and the Cap in this 'verse was as straight as an arrow, but because he'd just gotten out of a serious relationship, and only an idiot would jump headfirst — even in his own mind — into another one so soon after the fact.
Steve groaned and rolled his eyes, and Tony shrugged.
"You know, he's right."
Tony quirked his head a little at him but shook his odd words off. "Whatever," he muttered and picked up his tea again. He took another sip, made a face at the fact that it did
He huffed out a breath and turned back to look at both Pepper and Natasha, who were staring at him, Pepper with a perplexed look on her face while Natasha appeared like she was trying not to laugh at something dumb but precious he'd done.
Steve blinked and looked over at him, frowning. "What is?"
"I take it that way doesn't have anything to do with sucking cock?"
"I don't expect you to forgive me," he reiterated. "I don't know that I'd want you to only because I'm not sure I can ever forgive myself. I don't deserve your forgiveness or your understanding. I don't deserve your hospitality. I don't deserve—"
"What are those?" Rhodey asked, and Tony whined because what in the hell? Did
"It was 'assemble,'" Bruce concurred.
"Already listen to me as well as your Papa does."
, Captain. I will
And then, it was like all the pieces of the puzzle were sliding together, and a picture that he had never wanted to see but had known was there all the time had formed and could not be erased.
his pants were tenting in the first place, and said, "Fuck it," before he shoved into a stall, pulled his swollen and aching cock out, and gave it a few quick tugs, coming over his hand in no time flat.
Tony shrugged. "Looks pretty authentic to me."
"Now, I
"Hmm…yeah," he murmured.
"Fine," he muttered, then said, "See you later," and Steve heard the departing clack of three sets of expensive shoes against linoleum. He kept quiet and tucked into himself for a few more minutes, until both Bucky and Sam wheeled back from the desk and shot pointed looks at him. "Way to be strong, man," Sam said.
"Look," he said, suddenly finding all eyes in the gallery were now on him, the small crowd moving away from the various panels and moving to gather around them, "long story short, there's a certain occupational risk that comes from being an Avenger."
Thor frowned at them, quirking his head as though to show that they hadn't answered his question at all, and Bruce said, "No, no, it was— It was an anti-pollution commercial from the '70s."
He left through the back and swung around to the street to make the short jaunt to the subway station, and it was as he approached the front of the stately old building that he spotted an unfamiliar car parked at the curb, a man leaning against it and staring down at a phone in his hands. Steve was about to pass him by and continue on until he realized that while he didn't recognize the car, he recognized the man—
"Oh, yeah," Barton said as he popped open a box. "Right here. 'Property of Tony Stark.'"
anything out, can you?"
Barton, however, just stared right at him and said, "It's a girl."
"That's you getting me back for the 'ornery' comment, isn't it?"
times in the past—"
Natasha's lips twitched in a knowing smile. "You know you'd come to regret doing that."
in his wildest dreams could he ever have imagined giving himself
Steve stepped closer, every fiber of his body screaming at him to fix this and make it better. Somehow. He didn't know exactly how, but somehow.
"Nope, I'm fine," Tony said and tried to pull away from her. "Just need to get back to…um, yeah."
Steve folded his arms, his hands tucked into his armpits, and he tilted his head forward some and made like he was looking at Tony over a pair of non-existent glasses and said, "You really think we should do that?"
Natasha just went back to massaging him. "Are there any other ways for you to relax? What did Bruce or the doctor suggest? Or what about that class you and Steve took?"
"You said assembling the chair was 'idiot-proof,'" Rhodey explained, "meaning that even idiots could do it."
want to open, babe. Trust me."
"Yeah," Steve said with a nod and a small smile. "You deserve it. You've been cooped up here the past couple months, and though I know you could be happy the rest of your life if we just left you down in your lab to tinker and toy, I know even you need to get out in the world every so often."
don't tell me to relax, OK?"
Yeah, sure, it was easier for someone like Steve nowadays. He didn't have to worry about stealing a quick one with some man in a back alley before he got caught by the cops — or worse — but Steve had also admitted that he had wanted to get married and he'd wanted a family. Maybe Steve was more turned on by the idea of sucking brain or having some fella suck brain for him, but Steve was also not above lying to himself. Steve would gladly try to convince himself 'til his dying day that he didn't want some man's cock in his mouth or he didn't want to shove his cock into some other guy's ass. Steve was that self-sacrificing type that would tell himself that he was perfectly happy with his little wife and his two-point-five kids and the dog and the little house with the white picket fence and—
now. This was all his. This — this man and everything that went with him — belonged him to him, legally, free and clear. He belonged to Steve, maybe, but Steve also belonged to him. They belonged to each other.
, and
"Nothing could be further from the truth," Steve said, more flashes going off around them. "Tony Stark and I are in a committed relationship with one another and have vowed to stand by each other through thick and thin, for better or worse, forever and ever."
— and then you'd do it again. You'd take the plug out and you'd plunge into me again, hard and thick and fast and make me hold myself up on all fours while you took me, while you plunged into me, while you forced me to take all of you, and you'd come in me again, force me to take even more of your—
Of course, there came time for the video, and Tony was unfortunately wide awake for that — unfortunately because it wasn't the horror show to him that it appeared to be to the rest of the class. Having had his chest hacked open in a cave in Afghanistan with only the barest of sedatives given to him certainly put a different perspective on things. It was hard to see something that had been going on for thousands upon thousands of years as any more horrifying than, well,
Steve watched him a moment then said, "So, do you have any idea what Buck's talking about then?"
They ate on the communal floor because that was the only floor that had a formal dining table. The holiday décor was less pronounced on the communal floor than it was in the penthouse, less of a theme and more of a mishmash of whatever anyone had wanted to put up. There was a tree that was decorated in lights and a haphazard melee of various styles of ornaments and three different types of garland and four different flavors of candy canes — which Steve thought was absolutely ridiculous. What was wrong with the old standby, peppermint? Why did there need to be a dozen different kinds of candy canes? Steve had been the one to put the tinsel on the tree, everyone else laughing at him for being so antiquated (everyone except Bucky, of course, who thought the tinsel looked nice), but Steve just pulled an 'aw shucks' routine and explained that's how they used to decorate trees back in his day and it would make him happier to do it that way, and so they let him do it, humoring him, for the most part.
"I don't care, Steve! I don't care if it's your fault I got knocked up." He groaned and shivered a little. "God, I can't believe I just uttered those words. But I don't care, Steve. I get it. I understand that you feel bad that you knocked me up, but saying you're sorry isn't going to change the fact." He jabbed a finger in Steve's sternum and added, "And I swear to god, if the words 'We're pregnant' ever come out of your mouth, I am going to cut your balls off."
Barton swallowed a mouthful of beer and nodded. "That's actually true," he said and motioned over to Steve.
"By the time I was actually in any position
A girl.
He leaned in some and, almost on instinct, put a hand to Tony's hip. "Yeah," he said, his mouth by Tony's ear, and Steve heard his rather audible gasp of breath, "it is."
to him for once.
"We did it together. Look, there's no blame to be laid here except at the feet of that goddamned nutcase."
"But he's something," Tony said knowingly, and Natasha twitched a smile at him.
Hand still over his abdomen, he smacked his forehead against the ceramic tile wall. God almighty, why did Nick Fury ever have to come into his life?
Tony harrumphed and didn't dignify his comment with any other response except to say, "Sprinkle sugar on those cookies," as he pointed to the sheet of unbaked shaped pieces of dough. "And don't just dump a glob on them. Try to make it look nice, all right? Put some of that artistic talent to use."
"Well,
"Someday, I'm gonna bring you, Thor, and Hulk here and just let you have at it. See how long it takes before you three empty out the entire kitchen," Tony said as they stood at the register to pay. Tony didn't use cash. Instead, he had some sort of shiny, celluloid card that he swiped through some machine and then signed something. Steve frowned as he watched, and once he'd finished, Tony turned to him and said, "Bank cards. Wonderful things. You'll hate them, but you'll get used to them," as he took his arm and walked out of the building with him.
So, Bruce explained in gentle terms what they were seeing. He pointed to where the head was, pointed to an arm and a leg, and he pressed a button somewhere so that they could hear what was supposed to be a heartbeat. Tony was still having a hard time believing that this was growing inside of him — again, every possibility these were cached images from someone else — but Steve's face had lost its steadfast hardness and had softened into something a little more tender and amazed. He squeezed Tony's hand again, his eyes focused on the screen, and said, "This… Wow…" as the fetus bounced a little in the images, no doubt annoyed by the sound waves it was being bombarded with.
Steve scoffed and said, "Well, you must be thinking of some other guy you married, 'cause
But Thor just stepped over to where Steve was unwrapping the highchair's parts from their packaging. "It may sound poetic to your ear, but that does not make it untrue. It is your bond with your beloved. It cannot be undone. Your flirtations with the Captain is merely the way it manifests itself." And then, before Tony or anyone could say anything to him, he pointed to the scattered parts and said, "Might I lend you a hand with that, Steven?"
Steve continued to stare at her, stuck for anything to say, and she exhaled a breath and said, "Well, if you won't be needing me anymore, I guess I'll take my leave."
"I now understand," he said and looked at Pepper, who was looking at him like he was something stupid and precious and naïve.
"Thanks, buddy," he said and looked over at him. "So, killing her won't break the spell, huh?"
Olivia — and already, he loved her more than he thought it was possible to love anyone. Maybe this Olivia wouldn't only eat the cheese off her pizza; maybe this Olivia wouldn't even like waffles; maybe this Olivia wouldn't rather draw with her daddy's colored pencils than play games on a tablet. Six hours ago, that might have mattered to him, but not now. Not now. Because even if this wasn't
"Kind of hard to miss. Your poker face is shit."
"Well," he said, but he wouldn't meet Tony's eyes, "I'm not going to name names—"
"Focus, Tony."
"STDs, babe. Get with the times. But yeah, you might think that except it was immediately after we watched a report about how the AIDS epidemic was affecting the gay community. I think he was sort of under the impression—"
Tony just grinned, his eyes lighting up, and he sat forward and made like he was going to pull something out of his pocket when he suddenly realized he didn't have one on him.
" he said, his voice cracking.
married someone just because Rhodey didn't approve of them — though, to be honest, it would probably have given him pause — it was nice to know that Rhodey, at least, accepted and approved of what he was doing.
"Thor," Steve said, the tone dark and demanding, "report on what you know about this Esmeralda's hexes."
Tony raised an eyebrow. "While you're keeping in contact with Wilson and Natasha," he said, and Steve grinned.
OK, so, maybe he wasn't exactly cut out for this parenting thing any more than Tony was.
"It's not nothing. You had just given birth. You were supposed to be relaxing." He then shot a pointed look in his direction, tipping his head forward like he was looking over a pair of non- existent glasses and added, "Nat said she gave JARVIS explicit instructions for you to remain in the penthouse and you completely disregarded them."
"Yeah, I get that," Sam said, turning to face him. "But I'm just saying you can buy a kid too much crap in theory. But, I mean, it's different when it's your cute little niece."
Tony nodded and, as Steve got into the car, said, "Who the hell is Ella?"
"Mmm…I'm not making fun of you, honest. That's all on me. You just deposit this metric ton of come inside of me—"
They all turned to see Steve standing there, the large box in his arms, and a wry smirk on his face. Barnes chuckled uneasily and said, "Oh, hey, Steve. You're back."
"What are you saying?" Tony asked. "They'd breed us?"
Bruce just folded his arms. "I thought you didn't believe in that?"
Honestly, even Steve didn't know. He had a feeling, and he was pretty sure Bucky was smitten with her — Buck had always had a thing for redheads — but he was also pretty sure that Bucky hadn't breathed a word of it to anyone.
"I mean," she said as Tony sat up again, "from everything I can see here, you're pretty much the perfect model of a woman, though
Bruce sighed and dropped his head some. "That dose should have been enough to keep someone of your body size out for almost four hours. You fought through it in twenty minutes."
Thor nodded again, and Tony sputtered out a few non-words, glancing between Thor and Bruce, before he said, "What? What the hell was the point? And how does that even work? Wouldn't it make more sense to reverse if nothing had happened but not reverse at all if something did?"
"Boy," he said with a nod as Steve gritted out, "
"Uh, that little
He blinked and shook his head to clear his thoughts, and he squeezed his legs together some to quash what was starting to become a familiar tingle of arousal in areas he was still coming to terms with were 'his' now and forever.
"C'n I wear my Elsa nightgown?"
Look, he wasn't depressed, all right? Fucking freaked out, maybe, but not depressed. He wasn't about to put a gun in his mouth or anything. Hell, if he wanted that, he could just get himself an abortion — well, so long as Esmeralda wasn't full of shit and he really would die if he got one. For as much as he complained, honestly, he wasn't any more comfortable chancing that than Steve was — not that he'd
"What? Run the wand over your abdomen again? You think it's a false reading?"
Tony whistled and shook his head. "Bobbi. Now, there's a name I haven't heard in forever," he mused to himself before he said to Steve, "Clint seems more like the type to go after scary goth-chicks-turned-sexy-redheads."
He shrugged. "I don't know. I guess maybe I thought it would come to me as soon as we got here, but right now, all I really want is…a shower."
"Did you give me a chance? The way you just threw me on the—"
"Because I know you meant it when you looked into that camera and said I owed you a ring. And because all I want to do is cash in my life savings and buy you the best one I can afford."
hates you guys."
Unfortunately, the doctor didn't, and she laughed and got up from her chair and went to the door.
Steve broke their gaze, but not out of embarrassment, more like he was thinking back to an earlier time, and a little smile came over his face as he got lost in a memory.
Thankfully, the Bobbsey Twins' hourly pissing contest came to a halt with the arrival of Steve with what looked like two gallon containers of coffee and three boxes of doughnuts. His arrival was cheered by the peanut gallery before they all pounced, grabbing boxes of doughnuts and coffee and helping themselves to the feast.
"Why?" Wilson asked, not understanding the significance of that date. You know, like a normal person.
"So, what exactly are Captain America and Iron Man in 2015?"
going to be marching in here and claiming you issued a license in his name under false pretenses. You want to know why? Because
"Sure."
"Philistine," he muttered but took a gulp of the beverage. He set the glass down then cut into his chicken. He switched hands to shove the piece in his mouth, Steve watching him with a pointed smirk, and he rolled his eyes and said around the mouthful of food, "
He shook his head some and cut into a ravioli. "Does this mean I'm forgiven?"
"Well, I've been accused of not even giving my best fella a honeymoon, so…"
"Couldn't get it up?" Tony supplied.
"It's bad luck," Steve said again like that made his attitude and actions reasonable.
Steve watched as Jim fought very hard to fight the smile that threatened to spread over his face at Thor's characterization of Tony.
Olivia's face fell, her eyes going wide and her mouth dropping open. "But I'm gonna help so we don't get taken 'way from Daddy!"
"Shh… Dance, Tony."
my gender-reassignment surgery just yet and that I still had a cock.
He tried to remember what that little Tasmanian devil had said her birthday was. Bruce would probably remember — Bruce was good for stuff like that — but he wasn't really sure he wanted to bring this up to Bruce. He'd pretty much demanded silence over it from both Bruce and Rhodey the moment that other Steve had shown up to take her back, but he was
"All right," Happy said, like he didn't approve but didn't have a choice, and he circled the car around before he drove up and out the exit ramp. Tony made sure the car was clear then hit the button to shut and lock the doors, the elevator doors opening immediately thereafter.
"Tony, it's not like that—"
"What the hell is it with you past-people and this belief that any disembodied voice has to be coming from the ceiling?"
"Not at all."
He started the car and set his hands on the wheel as he looked at Tony, and Tony suddenly realized the son-of-a-bitch was dead serious.
"What's up, aubergine?"
they couldn't be in the penthouse…
Tony went to protest his use of qualifiers, but Steve cut in before he could and said, "Look, sir, I know how this probably looks, but considering there was an alien wormhole over midtown two years ago, is this really so out of the ordinary?"
Tony, hand still on his back, motioned toward Bruce, who, done talking with Steve, was making his way down the loading ramp. Steve, blind to the fact that Tony had shown up in the hangar, pushed into the 'jet and disappeared from view. "Came to annoy Brucie."
"Nope," Tony said and shook his head. "Don't give me that. Stop playing proud little boy from the Depression. I have the money, Steve. This did not put a dent into my fortune, and yes, you deserve it. You deserve everything. If you're not careful, I'm going to buy you a gallery."
Steve, arms folded, merely sniffed and said a flat, "Or they're just not saying if they
He shrugged but didn't move his hand. "Well, I don't think we really have much of a choice with this, but at the same time, why shouldn't we? Some other Steve and Tony gets an Olivia Louise? Well, we've got James Anthony, and I know he's just as amazing."
Steve motioned to the tree. "Those lights. What are they? I've never seen anything like them. They're so…small…and like a
Steve was silent a moment before he said a quiet and somewhat distant, "No."
"Oh, he's fine," Esmeralda said and waved off his concern, the sleeves of her gown shimmering in the light.
But it was weighing on his mind, the same as something else Steve had mentioned about a week before that was weighing on his mind as well. Maybe he'd read too many parenting articles, maybe he'd watched too many videos or TV shows or whatever, but Steve was concerned that he had, well, nothing. Oh, not in terms of finances or material possessions — not
"Doesn't mean it isn't," Welch countered. "And I don't think the government would mind too much the expense to find out which one of you is right,
Because Steve had said that no, he wasn't going to let him die and they were going to get through this
Tony did the math and said, "So, born after the war, then?"
"Colonel Rhodes has, on occasion, filled in for Iron Man. Do you see that becoming permanent?"
"That's right," he said with a false sense of pride. He had to believe alternate-universe him said it as a joke. He couldn't earnestly mean it, could he? Olivia seemed to think it was earnest, though, and he didn't want to rattle her small world too much just yet. "I am, and it was my choice, and I'm proud of it, and you can both kiss my…yeah."
He wanted to keep the baby. He wanted to have the baby. He wanted to be a parent, with or without Steve's help. And Steve...
"Yeah, well, I heard about your little hex. Just don't think it's something you should be doing. Cap finds out I let you do it, yeah, well, let's just say there'll be no living with him for a while."
"'Cause."
"It's a fucking epidural, Bruce! I'm not asking you to shoot me up with heroin!"
"Do you have to say it like that?" Steve asked with a sigh.
"Say what?" Tony asked, gripping onto Steve's arms as though that could somehow keep anything bad from happening to him, the old wool of the uniform rough but somehow comforting under his hands because it was
"Yeah, you'll
Steve blushed a little, but Tony sat back in his chair some and grumbled, "Jeez, when you put it like that, it just sounds stupid."
Tony set his own helmet down, and he went over to Steve and reached up to put his gauntleted fingers to Steve's face and said, "Honey, it's OK. You'll get him next time."
He figured if he told himself that enough times, he'd start to believe it. So far as Bruce and Rhodey knew, it was the god's honest truth. As for himself…
. It's not like I have that problem with Birdman or Barton or Nat or your pal Rhodes or even
He knew the address of the Tower, and he didn't think it was well-known enough (the actual street address and not just 'Avengers Tower' —
Tony just blinked at him. "I'm sorry. Do you not find her sexy?"
Steve chuckled again, and he picked up Tony's hand and brought it to his mouth to give it a kiss. "Mmm… How much longer do we have?"
Steve just raised an eyebrow at him.
," he murmured desperately, unable to help himself.
Steve shot Tony a
He actually did have to pee, and so he relieved himself and washed up in the sink, and he stopped a moment to look at himself in the mirror — the blonde hair and the way his sunglasses were pushed back atop his head to create a slight cascading effect with the hair. Again, not unattractive as a blonde, but he was definitely more suited to being a brunette.
"Is it
He rolled his eyes at the idiot's improper use of grammar and spelling then typed back,
He tried to explain what had happened, but the breath he'd tried to take had turned into a gasp, and before he knew it, he was having a hard time getting any breaths in, which Steve seemed to catch right off the bat.
Steve could barely keep a straight face as he said, "You don't believe in magic?"
Tony rolled his eyes, but Rhodey just reached out and put an arm around his shoulders and said, "Look, Tones, you're not alone. We'll all be out there right behind you — me and Steve and Pep and Nat. I mean, if we're all out there, they
"Here? No. Where you think you're supposed to be? I don't know. You tell me."
He tried to wrench away from Steve, but Steve wouldn't let him, instead guiding him back to the shower and helping him in.
"Oh!" the woman said in an attempt to be helpful. She pointed to a little alcove beside them and added, "Through there."
Tony heaved out a breath. "Yeah, I guess so," he said and looked up at Steve. "Kind of think it's amazing either one of us had the nerve to actually say anything."
The man grumbled and groaned, and suddenly, the weight was lifting off his chest as the man pushed himself to a sitting position. He turned to Steve, smiling drowsily, and Steve tilted his head in thought. The black undershirt was an odd style choice, but there was something familiar about the man… Something about that dark hair and that odd facial thing he had going on and those brown eyes…
Pepper signed a little. "
"Isn't this
"Yeah," he said with a nod. "I did— I do. Besides, if the bastard tries anything, I've got his information. I can easily make his life a living hell."
She frowned. "Oh, I forgot how primitive your kind is." She hummed and tapped a finger to her mouth and said, "Though, in
. I just wish he'd stop trying to pretend the last seventy fucking years didn't happen. I'm not saying we can't talk about the old days
just yet."
He closed his eyes and took a deep and calming breath when he felt Bruce stick a finger inside of him, and Bruce made a flat 'hmm' sound, and Tony's eyes shot open as he tried to look over the hump of his belly.
Look, the Cap was a good-looking guy. He'd always known that. But now… It was different now. Yes, he was handsome, but… There was another plane of time and space out there where this man sitting beside him was his husband, where they had children, where they evidently were crazy in love with each other.
, then stuck the phone back in his bag again as Steve returned to collect him.
"It's not cruel. Not at all. It is a fail-safe, a measure to help prevent against miscarriage early on in the gestation. The newly formed life is fragile and is at risk. To connect its life to the life of the mother guards it from any means that might prevent it from developing to term."
"Hmm?" he asked again as the first few notes of the next song wafted through the air. "Nothing. Just…"
Tony had no doubt in his mind that this was his daughter — that this was the same Olivia that had come crashing into his life years earlier — but there was one surefire way of proving that this was her.
Tony grinned at him, and Bruce grimaced and groaned once he realized what he'd said. "Tony, no, I'm not giving you a checkup," he said, purposely trying to work past the awkwardness of his insinuation.
best girl," he amended with a knowing grin.
"Yeah, here's the thing. In return? I get a foot rub whenever I want it, and I don't care if it's four o'clock in the morning. I get a craving for something, you go out and you find it for me. Deal?"
He tried to take a bite of the cookie in her hands, but she made a noise of protest and pulled her hands away from him. Tony's mouth twitched before he glanced up at Steve.
Wait. That groan—
"Very true," Barnes said quickly. Natasha lifted a hand from Tony's back and reached out to swat at him, but it was a friendly and playful kind of swat, and Tony didn't care what line they were parroting at everyone else — there was definitely more going on there between those two than met the eye. Maybe they were both just taking it slow and wanted to make sure it would work out before they went and announced to everyone they were an item. He couldn't blame him, he supposed, if that were the case. After all, there was a
Steve snorted a laugh. "Yeah, sure you do," he said and had just turned his head to press another kiss against Tony's forehead when a knock came to the door and Doctor Ganford walked in, again all comforting smiles but with tablet in hand.
He motioned to the tree. "That ornament — the first Christmas one — we've had her that long?"
He sighed and stepped over to the couch, and he glanced around the room and said, "Where's Steve?"
"God," Barton said, smiling as he watched. "It's like a turtle on its back."
Someone earlier had done the math and figured out it was Christmas Eve, and that had turned into talk of Christmas Eves past and Christmas Eves to come, and Steve would be lying if he didn't admit a little pang of jealousy hit him listening as the others reminisced over days gone by and plotted out happier days ahead. Sure, Steve had seen his share of happy — cold, barren, but happy — days of Christmases past, but so many of those featured memories of Bucky, and Bucky…
But with no choice in the matter — and
"I knew you weren't a doctor," he muttered, realizing she was the 'doctor' he'd bumped into back when he'd been in labor — the one that had tried to 'guide' him somewhere. Evidently it was to a waiting transport vehicle to be taken god-knows-where and to have god-knows-what done to him.
"Isn't it? I mean, why would you love me? What have I ever done to earn anyone's love? Fuck, my own father couldn't be bothered with me—"
"Oh," he said with a nod and sipped his coffee. "Yeah, Barton's pushing for a laser tag arena. Think he has Nat on his side. Probably Wilson. Barnes was probably an easy sell. Thor, I'm sure, has no clue what it is, but he's game for pretty much anything. Bruce, I'm sure, would like to, but he's afraid the Hulk might want to join in."
Tony, the perspective as though Steve was kneeling before him, his left hand brought out like it was being held and an 'are you kidding me?' smirk on his face.
Steve gave a slight nod but said nothing, and the man cocked his head to the side.
"No, no, it's fine," he said and sipped his soda through the swizzle stick. "I avoid any place that serves alcohol, it
Barnes rolled his eyes and muttered, "Drama queen," which got him nothing in retaliation from Wilson...which meant he was just filing away the insult to use for ammunition for another day.
He'd kept saying his parents. He'd kept telling Steve that— that
That seemed to surprise Steve long enough to at least get him to think before he said anything.
"Look, whatever you do, can you keep it clean until you get up to your—"
do this together. Because when Captain America said something, it was the absolute truth, and there was no use arguing against the truth.
Steve let out a resigned breath. "
Steve was in the middle of serving himself from one of the containers, and he raised an eyebrow at Tony and said, "Can't you do that?"
"What was that?"
"It's milk. It's made to drink," he said and downed the second splash. He smacked his lips again and looked at the glass once more. "Creamy — creamier than I thought it would be, at least."
Tony let out a breath, and all he said was, "You know, I could've helped you with that."
me and Steve to join you?"
Tony gave him a flat look. "Your own or that stash of petty cash that's only supposed to be for emergencies?"
"Tony, she lives in Brooklyn," Natasha said, not even bothering to hide the fretful frown on her face. "Unless she's walking across the Brooklyn Bridge, she's not getting into the city. The roads are jammed, the tunnels are closed, and clearly the subways aren't working."
"Steve was like the brother I never had. Had sisters. Think they're dead. I haven't…had the courage to check. But Steve— Steve's my brother, and you're Steve's best…whatever the hell you are. That makes us family, and that means we gotta look out for each other. And besides, I kind of…owe it to you after, uh…"
"Although that sounds a lot easier and would definitely get us even more press coverage—" he heaved out a sigh, "—unfortunately, no. One of the rooms downstairs. Pep's already got it set up."
Still, he'd been stuck sitting on a floor having to listen to shit he could totally have just had JARVIS pull up for him, and they had pissed the day away at the beach.
. There,
"Are you designing one?"
"OK, OK, OK," Steve was saying over and over. "OK. It's OK. You're OK."
"Yeah, you kind of did."
Hand still slapped over his mouth, Steve cocked an eyebrow at him.
"Not from what I hear," Rhodey said and bit into his newly-formed bacon-and-egg sandwich.
"You know," he said as he watched, "maybe a
"I— I meant
Tony looked to where a half-eaten slice sat on her plate, all the cheese pulled off leaving only dough and a little bit of sauce. He motioned to her plate and said "You still have half-a-slice there."
Other Tony complied, Tony shaking his head at the length of the name ending in 'ski,' and he wrote out the agreed amount, signed it, and tore it out of the book.
"He doesn't do well with the whole 'emotions' thing?" Wilson suggested.
Tony saw big, dark eyes lined with feathery lashes asking him for 'shield waffles' and if they could watch that episode of the 'vengers cartoon where Daddy and Papa had to be the bad guys.
"I wouldn't think so," Tony said. "Fuck, that would be awful." He shivered at the thought.
He shrugged. "I don't know. Maybe it's been there since I woke up. Before? Last night, now that I think about it? I'm not sure. It's kind of annoying, but I can live with it."
happy, I guess. I know you can fight your own battles. Tony. Natasha. It's all the same to me. I just want to make sure this is what you want and you're doing it for the right reasons."
And then they wanted to know medical history and surgical history. There was nothing to check for 'palladium poisoning' under medical history, so he left that blank and
"Lost the signal."
"I'm pretty sure the city would descend into pure chaos if that happened. A cabbie shortage? OK, we can cross now. Watch the storm drain."
He moved over to the elevator, Bucky and Nat and Jim following him over while Thor, oddly, held back, and Steve looked at the others and said, "Not staying?"
Tony hummed a little and shrugged. "I guess you'll never know, huh?" he mused then bit into his slice of pizza, grinning at him as a glob of grease ran down his chin.
"August," Steve said before Tony could look like too much of an idiot.
— it was actually kind of sweet and beautiful in its own way — and true to Steve's hand, it was very well done, but…yeah, considering what Tony looked like now, this was a bit…well…
"Hmm?" Steve asked, gaze focused entirely on the baby.
"Because I was afraid he was too…compromised…by the whole thing. Sometimes, he can't see the forest for the trees. He means well, but he gets in over his head. But he's so giving, and he loves so much, and I was afraid he'd do something stupid like make himself absolutely miserable for me. I never wanted him to do that. I couldn't live with myself if he was miserable just because he thought I was happy. I would have done anything for him. I just wanted him to be happy. I let him go because I thought it was the right thing to do."
"You sure?"
" Tony snapped and glanced back at him.
Bruce shot him a look. "I'm not making thirty-year-old pop culture references, either."
"Yeah."
Whatever. Not like it mattered. Steve was going to leave him anyway — was going to find the courage to finally go out and 'find himself' after all these years now that he'd gotten Barnes back again. Find the courage to lead the live he wanted rather than the life he'd been forced into.
Natasha and Hill smiled like that was exactly what they'd wanted to hear. And it must have been because once breakfast was all said and done, he found himself out shopping with them because he only had the one dress, and the deep burgundy probably wasn't the most ideal for a wedding. Or so they'd told him, anyway. He wasn't convinced. He'd looked fucking good in that dress, and wasn't that what counted?
"Well, I did have a building fall on me," Steve said with a shrug.
"Yeah?" Tony asked and cocked his head to the side, dark hair brushing his shoulder. "How?"
Then again, Barnes was under no real pressure with Tony, the whole killing-his-parents-as-a- brainwashed-assassin thing aside. Tony really expected nothing of him. Steve was expecting, in Barnes's mind, the Barnes from seventy years ago, and that was just something he didn't think he could give him. As much as Tony hated to say it — for Steve's sake — maybe talking to Tony, opening up to Tony, was just...easier for Barnes?
He stood back up again and turned, startling as he seemingly remembered that Barnes was still sitting there. He chewed on his lip a moment and furrowed his brow, and then he said, 'Captain America' leeching into his tone, "Buck, how would you like to—"
"OK," he said and turned around to face her. "I'm gonna let you wear this one tonight." He held up a black shirt with a rainbow prism splashed over it. "Pink Floyd.
Cap's face softened, and his lips twitched a little as he seemingly contemplated his response. "Yeah," he said, his tone annoyingly enigmatic. "She is."
" Nat tried again when she realized Steve was back on the comms. "
"Yeah, look, vampires suck less blood out of a person than you're taking."
"Steve—"
"Papa!" she cried as she hit the landing and ran over to where Tony stood pouring himself a drink at the bar. "Papa, someone stolded my bedroom!"
"This doesn't make it all magically better you know."
He snorted a laugh. "Well, was I wrong?"
"Mmm hmm…"
Barnes watched as DUM-E rolled over to his other side and sat just behind his left arm, and Tony pointed to the magnifying glass lying on the table.
"I swear to god you say 'heels,' you're sleeping on the couch for a month."
"I was hoping," Tony said, and Steve turned back to him for a moment, "you were wrong about this."
— face. Concern for him. Worry for him. Because Captain America — Steve — loved him and was concerned for him and only wanted to do right by him. Because he was proud of him. Because he trusted him and wanted him to have his back. Because Steve might have been the leader of the Avengers, but there was no questioning who the second-in-command was, even now. Because he was a hero to him. Because he loved him.
Steve scratched at his forehead. "That's...not the point I was trying to—"
Hill and Natasha once again exchanged looks, and it was Hill that said, "For all that Steve understands the…special circumstances of this situation, there's a part of him that sees it completely on the surface and—"
He was married.
"Seems to be," Steve said with a nod then checked his watch. "Look, I know you slept in the car, but I'm about beat. Mind if we turn in for the night?"
Christ's sake, Bucky was dead, and it was all his fault! He didn't think there were enough 'Hail Mary's in the world that could constitute adequate penance for that.
anything growing inside of him. He'd seen the monitor along with the others, but there was nothing that that was a dead giveaway that that was
"Only the best for my babe," Tony said then seemingly caught his mistake. "I didn't mean—"
"Have I told you lately, Wilson, that you're my favorite?"
"This is a bit more complicated than a tumor. Cap's right. There is no surgeon in the world that we're aware of that has any experience in this sort of thing. They wouldn't know the first thing of how to operate. You'd be a…test subject for them. A test case. Those don't usually go well, and I don't think I'd feel comfortable leaving you in the hands of a butcher. I can't even imagine how the Cap feels about it."
do? Start crying of course. What does
"The vomiting?"
It really was a sweet picture, to be honest, taken in the penthouse living room a month after Olivia had been born. So far as he could tell, it almost broke the internet, being retweeted, reblogged, and reposted more times than anyone could count, reactions ranging from literal squees over how cute it was to either cynical pricks insisting it was a scripted shot with a 'rented' baby
"Keep it up. You'll wear him down," Steve offered, and Tony glared at him.
"Is that all you can say about it?"
"S'all I ask," Steve said and stood from his seat. He reached down and helped Tony from his, and under watchful and prying eyes, Steve led him over to the dance floor crowded with couples swaying and laughing and chatting with each other. He pulled him over toward the bandstand, and he let go of him for a second and asked him to wait before he went over and got the bandleader's attention. The bandleader leaned down as Steve evidently asked him something and then nodded and made some motion with his hand.
"Yeah, yeah," he grumbled but closed his eyes, and he exhaled a deep breath as he heard Natasha let herself out of the room.
"Ah, come on," Barton said, pulling Tony out of his imagined picture of Bruce and Wilson standing on a hilltop and singing 'I'd Like to Teach the World to Sing.' "Don't you want your little Starkling to grow up in a world free from pollution and other environmental hazards? Remember the crying Indian? Don't make the Indian cry."
"What's wrong with being 'cute'?" he asked instead, and Tony breathed out a sigh like 'cute' was the biggest insult in the history of mankind.
He didn't even have to think. He just nodded at her, smiling stupidly as he did so. "Yeah," he said. "I am."
"He's not afraid of adding to the rumors about the whereabouts of Tony Stark?"
"I didn't know you were interested—"
"Do you really want to be known as the man that trolled Captain America?"
He glanced at Steve and saw his face had gone a shade of pink. "Can we
"That container was three-quarters of the way full," Wilson told him.
"Nat, take over," he said, instilling as much authority in his voice as he could muster.
you think you're doing—"
The last of his concerns about this being a Hydra trap evaporated. Perhaps he had come to accept the truth, or perhaps he was just giving in to his most shameful desires. Either way, he didn't care. Tony — and just what was his last name? — had gotten him beyond that. He'd saved him.
"Wait, so, date? Really?"
“Don’t have a union,” Steve said then leaned over and turned Stark’s head just so in order to get a better look at his face. “You know, you do have a helluva mouth on you,” he purred, brushing a thumb over Stark’s bottom lip. “Maybe we should put it to some good use?”
Tony just blinked. "
Tony frowned and watched as Bruce then tended to someone asking instructions for where to put someone that was on a respirator, and when he'd finished, Tony said, "I could be ready to…
Steve turned on him, fury in his eyes. "Did I ask you to follow me?" he asked, seething, and even Barton seemed surprised by his tone of voice.
"Yeah, that yawn really sealed the deal there."
"Well, you give a piss-poor impression of not caring," he said and pulled off the full tube of blood and clicked on another empty one. Tony rolled his eyes at his assessment as he watched him.
"—but when you
"There's always muesli," Bruce said, and Tony rolled his eyes.
Wilson went to protest, but Barton said, "Yeah, it's not a boy, so they're not naming it after you, either. And I don't think you get why we keep the Cap around here."
"Doctor Ganford wants a full workup, and to be honest, I'd like you to have one, too. I know you
Rhodey had his head in his hands, and he shook his head some before he pulled his hands away a little and said, "Did you just call me the name of the most phallic-looking mollusk in the world
, Bruce!" Tony cried and sat back in his chair like he'd just made the most profound statement of the century. "He uses
Bruce, seeming to sense what he needed, reached out and took the newborn from him, and he cooed at her a little and set her in the bassinette beside Tony. As he settled her in, Tony determining that he was doing an adequate job of taking care of the baby, he closed his eyes and added, "Let me get a few minutes of shut-eye before my child wakes up and demands more nourishment that only I can provide her."
"Give me a sec! Steve's texting me."
They all stopped to look at him, and then there were several surreptitious glances to each other before a litany of muttered and mumbled excuses came his way. He didn't even bother to parse them. He knew they were all bullshit.
Natasha shook her head and stepped into the bedroom where he sat in the rocking chair that Barton had purportedly gotten for him. Evidently, the 'nothing before the baby is born' edict had been adhered to by Steve only, though — all things considered — maybe that was a good thing? Tony had just presumed that, once the baby was born, he could put in an order with JARVIS and have everything he wanted and needed delivered within the day. He hadn't counted on the power grid being down, and he sure as hell hadn't figured on Steve not being there with him, and a dark part of him thought that maybe Steve was right to be superstitious in that regard. Steve had thought buying anything early might mean something would happen to the baby and they'd never get to properly meet their little bundle of joy.
Jim tilted his head back and forth like he was weighing his options before he said, "Well, yeah, maybe there's a little part of me that's bummed at being passed over, but the rational and logical side of me says you guys made the right choice."
"You know, I'm really starting to re-evaluate the way I've treated women over the first forty-three years of my life. It's…like a completely different experience on this side of the gender divide. I almost think every man should live as a woman at least once in his life, just to see how the other half really lives."
Tony touched the side of the pot again. "Yeah, I think so."
"Papa, you gots an arc weactor like th' Iron Man?"
"Are we putting money on that?" Barton asked, but when Tony just rolled his eyes and didn't even dignify his question with a response, he turned the conversation back to the original topic and said to Thor, "Anyway, before Romeo and Juliet started slobbering over each other, I was saying how we like to pick on each other as a bonding exercise."
"No," Thor said, not seeming to understand Barton's sarcasm. "The feeling of possession. It is part and parcel of the bond they share."
sort of thing? Yeah? What exactly
. Ten out of ten. Would totally recommend. I mean, not you. I wouldn't recommend
So, it wasn't a full house, but it was nice all the same, Thor regarding them with tales of Asgardian festivals of days of yore that Bucky continually insisted he was making up or had pulled out of books about Scandinavian culture and lore. Thor, good man that he was, just smiled at Buck's attempts to humor him — or bring him down to earth — and went about telling another tale of his youth that even Jim shook his head at and said, "No. Nuh-uh. That is totally impossible."
"Tony," he said, evenly as he opened his eyes, clearly having gotten to 'ten' without Hulking out, "I really don't have time for your neuroses. I need to examine you—"
"What?" Steve asked with a gentle laugh, and Olivia turned her head against his chest and made a noise like she was about to fuss but thankfully stayed quiet and sleeping otherwise.
convincing himself of an impossibility because of the ever-present fear that he couldn't do this alone.
Or is it
Tony just grinned at him. He couldn't help it. "I love when you go all Brooklyn gutter-rat." Steve rolled his eyes, but Tony continued, resting his chin in his palm, "All that righteous indignation over your borough getting the shaft. I don't think people realize just how much of a Brooklyn boy Captain America really is."
"Yeah."
"It's not. No one is going to lock us away in a lab and breed us until we're past our expiration dates — not Hydra or AIM or any other group that might be hiding out there in the shadows."
"—Steve Rogers is marrying Tony Stark. But that's just my take on it."
"Good boy," he murmured and pet the 'bot on his support strut. "Go mix me up something good. Daddy's not feeling too good."
And he was totally imagining the little pang of hurt that hit him square in the arc reactor as he told himself that. No, not about the culinary skills. About the alternate universe.
Steve just continued to hold his hand out, hovering over Tony's abdomen like he was trying to work up the courage to actually make the contact or shame himself over what he'd done. "Bruce said it isn't safe," he murmured.
flat look. "I saw those test videos from when you were developing the Iron Man suit."
She smiled then, though it sent a shiver down Tony's spine. She put a finger to her lips and kissed it, and horror dawned as Tony remembered what came next from that.
"How are you?" Steve asked, and Tony rolled his eyes as he helped him down the gate and onto the landing pad.
"Daddy 'n' Anna Tasha 'n' Unca Sam 'n' Wanda 'n' Vision are there
"Thanks," Tony murmured, and Steve let go of his face and pulled him into an embrace, wrapping his arms around Tony tight and possessive, brushing his lips over the crown of Tony's head as Tony pressed his face into Steve's neck. He wrapped tight arms around Steve's narrow waist, and Steve gave him a squeeze then said, "Isn't it time for your afternoon nap? Why don't you go take a nap?"
Tony waved him off. "Don't worry about it. It's fine," he said, even if his body argued rather voraciously with him.
Anyway, much as Steve liked his bike and was able to zip around town with it, Steve
He pursed his lips and looked over at Steve laying flat on the table, and he sighed and got up again and went over to the bastard. There were no chairs beside the table, so Tony settled for leaning against it, and he put his hand to Steve's forehead and ran light fingers through his hair and said, "Goddamn it, Steve. What the hell am I going to do with you?"
"Look, can you give me, like, five minutes to get some underwear and a bra on? Not that I'm really all
He shivered. Fuck, just the
"Yeah, I totally understand that I got turned into a woman and got knocked up by a frozen fossil."
He pulled the pancake mix out of the cupboard and read over the list of ingredients. "I have to fix that one," he said breezily. "It broke, so we have to use this one today."
But Pepper just looked at Tony and uttered a disbelieving, "
"Really?" Steve asked and looked down.
"Because she's not."
That said, Tony was also too busy thinking about later tonight and whether he and Steve should have dinner downstairs in the restaurant or if they should just sit in bed in their nakedness once again and order in. He supposed it depended on how the conference went. If it went over well, they could probably chance going out. If it didn't, well, it would probably be best to lay low for a while, and maybe Steve still had some of that blueberry money left to splurge for a few more nights at the hotel.
"Grow up," he muttered, and Barton put his hands up.
Tony sighed and dropped his head. "God, we were fucking idiots."
Steve frowned at him. "It
"Weird?"
The birthday boy himself wandered in at one point after his run, sweaty, his shirt clinging to him in all the right places, and he eyed up the horror show, a grimace on his face as he said, "Tony, you really didn't have to go to all this."
He shrugged again and said his 'goodnights' then lay down on his back, pulling the covers up to his chest. Tony sat there a moment more staring at him, watching as he gazed up at the ceiling, lips pursed and eyes a little pained as he probably once again, for the millionth time, played Barnes' fall from the train through in his head.
a woman — and a pregnant woman at that. I actually… I've even gotten to wondering if there's ways of me being able to go back and forth when this is all said and done because while there's a
"Uh, but you
"Now why would I do that?"
"What the hell is brain bleach?" Barnes asked.
, Steve! Your friend over there?" He pointed. "Fucking
"Glad we understand each other," he said with a nod.
the child of the Steve Rogers he knew in spirit and his in appearance. She was from another time and place. She wasn't his. She never had been.
"Fun? Wait, you say that like you think I can't be fun. I know how to have fun."
Steve motioned at the piles of paper. "The wrapping paper! That stuff costs a fortune—"
"Sure," Tony said and looked over at him. "I could be a lady. I
"Uh…" He grimaced and swallowed. "He— He asked when I was done with work. I said 'midnight.' He said 'I see,' and then he turned and left."
Maybe it was a joke.
Tony just blinked at her. "What?"
Steve frowned. "
Tony grumbled a bit. Fuck, being pregnant sucked.
He didn't trust himself.
to sleep tonight."
"I'm not
She set the bottle of mead down and spoke to each of the men sitting at her table in turns.
"Yeah, I really just did those last two things to shut you and Steve up—"
"Look," Wilson said, "I'm just saying, that is a white-ass mobile."
"How 'bout a Coke?"
Steve just frowned at him like he didn't understand the reference, and Tony rolled his eyes and said, "Well, there goes any jokes about that same vice president shooting an old man in the face and getting the old man to apologize for it."
Barton preened a little in his moral victory, and Tony glanced to Barnes and Natasha and said, "I don't really want your seashells."
"Hey, Flo!" Wilson called out to Barnes, who glanced back at him as he tended to his hash browns, a half-confused and half-annoyed look on his face.
," and the lights came up as at least a dozen voices chorused a cheerful and loud, "Happy Birthday!" at him.
Tony just stared back at him, his brow furrowed like he just wasn’t sure what to make of Steve’s words, and Steve reached up and cupped Tony’s face in his hands and kissed his forehead and then his eyes followed by his nose and his cheeks and finally his lips. He brushed his thumbs against Tony’s cheekbones, and Tony stood there staring at him for a moment before he said an unsure, “You’re welcome?”
"What?"
"Why?"
, but I'm still alive? Look, what does it matter?" he asked at Pepper's unhidden worry. "Even if I am dead, the company goes to Steve, and he trusts you not to run it into the ground as much as I do."
As she went about pulling out the sparklers — instructing Barnes and Wilson to help her while the other party-goers went back to mingling and chatting — Tony pushed close into Steve and said, "So, what did you wish for?"
But Esmeralda just shrugged as Steve moved over to Tony and put gentle hands on his shoulders. "Well, you
"Yeah, well, not my fault they moved the team out west. I'm just saying, he needs to let it go."
"Yeah," Darcy said, "is it weird having to sit down to pee?"
?) before he pulled himself to his feet, using the bedpost once again as leverage.
"—lithe, neurotic brunettes with the absolutely most beautiful eyes I have ever seen. I used to sketch them. Who am I kidding? I still do. But even before we got together I used to sketch them, tried to get the contours right and the lashes right."
He thought about that a moment and frowned.
Bucky hummed in thought, shrugging his agreement before he said with a flicker of mischief in his eye, "Or your goddaughter."
Tony breathed out a laugh. "Jesus, if you think this is me 'handling it,' I'd hate to see how you'd actually deal with it."
"No," Tony said with a gentle shake of his head and set the mug of coffee down. "Bruce— You know what it is, don't you?"
"So am I," he said and didn't lessen his hold on Rhodey.
" at her, but his tone must have gone clear over her little head, as she just said, "My crayons are gone!"
"Stop what?"
Steve could only be bothered to shake his head a little and say, "Your toast is burning."
"Ugh, fine," he muttered. He scrambled to sit up, grumbling when he struggled more than he wanted to especially in front of other people. He got situated, sitting on the edge of the cushion, and said, "OK, let's get this bullshit over with."
"Maybe I would."
to deal with, not me," he said and moved over to another work table. "I know my abilities, Steve. I know what I'm capable of. I know what I can do. I'm not some precious little flower you can just stick under a bell jar."
"Yeah."
that I should be surprised by this. I mean—"
in a different body than I'm used to and you're a fucking super soldier."
Tony made a 'hmph' sound and said, "Sounds boring. God, getting stuck with you over and over again?"
"Oh," Thor replied, though he looked confused as to why Hill was calling the woman 'aunt' when she wasn't even related.
She tilted her head back to look at him, grinning as she held the spoon in her mouth. "'m always good!" she said, spoon still in her mouth.
He rubbed his hand against the swell, a soothing up-and-down motion that was almost instinctual. Goddamn, it was still just so…
"Really? Oh, well, if you think it's not such a big deal, why don't you hop up on the table instead and spread your legs wide, huh?"
go to a real doctor!"
"Just calm down," she said, keeping her voice as calm and even as possible. "No need to get yourself worked up over anything."
OK, he didn't hate Frank Sinatra — he'd never met the guy — but he wasn't a huge fan of him as a singer, and to wake up in a world that revered him to the degree that it did was just...odd. Like the world had been taken over by a bunch of screaming bobby-soxers. Hey, he was a skinny punk from Brooklyn. Maybe if he'd had a half-decent singing voice, he could have done something with that and had a bunch of screaming bobby-soxers chasing after him, too. People didn't care what you looked like so long as you were famous.
"You had a point?" Steve mused with a slight smile.
"Fine, whatever. Just— Could you hurry it up?"
"Evidently not completely impossible," she said and raised an eyebrow. Tony just glared at her and she rolled her eyes and added, "Such black-and-white thinkers, but
"Mmm…" he murmured, the words heavier and harder to form than they'd been a minute ago, "it is kind of boring watching it after-the-fact. Lot more fun in the moment."
"Olivia."
"Besides," Natasha said, "if you're really concerned about not being
Fuck. OK, option 2. "On the TV. Yeah."
Tony twitched his nose and picked up a fry. "Not really hungry now."
— he's in love with that's carrying his child, and that terrifies him because Steve has it in him to protect the people he loves, and if anything were to happen to you..."
"No, she's not— I love my child. My
"I have blessed them!" she cried, motioning to Tony and Steve. "They are bonded souls. They possess one of the strongest bonds I have ever made acquaintance with, and every bonded pair wishes to create life from their bond. I have allowed them that. In that womb beats the heart of new life!"
"You an alky?"
"'I, Anthony, take you, Steven, to be my lawfully-wedded husband'?" Rhodey said.
Thankfully, Steve arrived with the food, which distracted him, but not before he saw both girls gasp and then motion to each other excitedly, the third one shaking her head and muttering something to them. He rolled his eyes and turned to the tray Steve had set down on the table, raising an eyebrow at the food and cups piled on top of it.
Tony obnoxiously cleared his throat and turned around to look at Bruce, lips twisted in a grimace and eyebrow arched, and Bruce at least had enough decency to look a
daughter?"
And it stopped him in his tracks.
you could be Chick Tony Stark, but you look, like, ten years younger than he did, and I still think the whole thing is bullshit and he's holed up somewhere in a nuthouse or half-dead or even just plain
"Just a couple minutes. I promise," the doctor said, and Tony, making sure to keep his legs together, lay back down on the table and lifted each arm when he was instructed to do so, the doctor feeling around each breast for…reasons, he supposed. She probably knew what she was doing. Bruce had recommended her, after all.
Bruce was actually panting by the end of his rant, though Tony didn't spy any green tingeing his irises, so he was safe in figuring Bruce hadn't gotten himself
"No…jus' a…" he tried to get out, and he didn't even wince as the woman that had just been taunting him gasped, her eyes gone wide as shock spread over her face. She groaned out a breath and, like in a slow-moving dream, he watched her crumble to the floor. He stared at her for a moment longer than he probably should have before he picked his gaze up again and looked into the not-too-far distance to see Bucky Barnes — or maybe it was the Winter Soldier — taking aim right at him.
But then he remembered why they were even down in the garage in the first place, and, out of habit, he glanced up at the ceiling and said, “Wait, Buck and Sam are up there with her, JARVIS. Can’t they—”
"Son."
"Because," he replied with a somewhat embarrassed shrug. "It's nothing. It's just…I just know it."
Barnes considered this then said, "Nat and I picked some seashells."
Tony watched as Pepper shut her eyes at the 'Aunt Pepper' title, like the mere thought of it was stabbing her in the heart, and the brat let go of her and moved, of course, not over to
He just shook his head some and continued to eye the contents of his glass. "You don't understand. I don't deserve this. There are men out there laying down their lives—"
God, he'd missed his forward little mechanic.
She smiled down at him, her green eyes shining with tears before she attended to the matter, cutting where Bruce instructed while Barnes watched with a grimace from his comfortable distance.
And that, maybe more than anything, warmed his heart in ways he wasn't sure he could describe. He took a breath and tried to right this ship before it completely sailed off-course.
Tony shot a glance in Happy's direction then said, "Is this something you really want to discuss in front of—"
That was it.
"Do I
Steve's hold on him had slackened just the slightest — like he was steeling himself for an unwanted reaction from Tony and was preparing to pull away should Tony decide to strike — but Tony just nodded once before he swallowed and said, "Make love to me."
Tony was in the middle of tangling with Hydra agents, so he could only get the story from listening in on the comms, but evidently the prodigal friend showed up in the middle of the firefight once more, and Steve did his usual dumb-fuck thing of dropping everything to chase after him. Tony didn't have the opportunity to talk him down because he was busy with his own battles, and he only was able to overhear Steve attempting to talk sense to Barnes once again — Barnes, who wasn't even supposed to be there as far as they'd known.
Steve stared at him some more. "I still don't understand the point you're trying to make."
He knew this was a trick or a trap of some kind, but he couldn't figure out what its purpose was. To stall him? Delay him? Occupy him? Confuse him? Humiliate him? It was a detailed ruse, he'd give them that. They'd sure as hell gone to a lot of work to perpetuate it, and
"I guess not," Steve replied, still squeezing his eyes shut.
Steve grabbed his large Coke and took a long, slow sip of it through the straw, and he smacked his lips a little after he'd drunk about a quarter of it in one go and said, "You know, I know plastic's bad for the environment, but honestly, plastic straws are so much easier than what we got back in my day."
"Square deal," he said and hopped off the chair. He went back over to the elevator and rode the car the rest of the way up to the penthouse—
Tony rolled his eyes and waved off Steve's embarrassed concern then decided to humor the doctor. "No," he said. "Not that I've noticed."
Maybe, through it all, maybe this was the little girl he'd fallen in love with all those years ago? Maybe she had always been his after all?
where they know how to do this stuff. And Steve will be there every moment of it to hold my hand and tell me how good a job I'm doing and not take offense when I threaten to cut his balls off. Repeatedly."
"Nope," he said and gave a curt shake of his head. "Not calling Steve."
feeding
"Oh, well, it's — it's kind of hard to explain. The way he was with that agent, it was… It was cute, you know? He was like a puppy with her — soft smiles and bashful looks and that kind of shit. She was the first woman that he liked that ever liked him back, which says more about those other jerks than it does him. And not that I don't think Steve had it in him to know how to, you know, figure out how to
"I have to ask," Tracy said, jumping into the conversation. "Is it— What's it
couldn't kill him!"
still have children, couldn’t he?), and Steve would name him 'James' in honor of his fallen friend, the one guy that always had his back, the fellow that had promised to follow him 'til the end of the line.
Bruce continued to make that squeamish face. "I can honestly say it's never once crossed my mind."
"And speaking of sexy..." Tony glanced down at himself. "You like?"
Steve just looked up and gave Barton a disapproving look while Thor read aloud from the instruction manual, and Barton looked back to Tony for confirmation that he wasn't wrong and letting Steve and Thor assemble the chair was a bad idea, but Tony shrugged and said, "I have to imagine it's idiot-proof."
"Blowing the gates, more like."
Sam nodded. "OK," he said, "why don't we try to narrow this down? Steve, what exactly makes you think you and Tony have plans?"
"Why?"
"Yeah? Because it's the truth. Trust me, there's going to come a time in your life when you're going to look back on these innocent days of freedom and lack of responsibility fondly and wish you could go back to them."
Hated not because of the circumstances of its existence but because it wasn't
"OK," he said with a groan and sat up with her, settling her to the cushion next to him as the blanket fell away from them. "Can't sit on Papa's gut like that no matter how soft it is."
"OK, when you put it that way, we sound like absolute morons."
"Whatever," he muttered then slapped down the collected trinkets on the island countertop. "Here, I don't actually want these."
"So," he murmured, "you're Olivia, huh?"
He rolled his eyes and drummed his fingers on the table. "Trapped out of my own home. Seriously, remind me again why I put in a common floor that nobody uses?"
"What? No, I'm coming with you."
"Steve runs ten miles every morning before breakfast," Pepper reminded him. "I really think that's where that was probably coming from."
And besides, carrying the baby of Captain America? He was worth a hell of a lot more alive.
"All right! Calm down, Peppy-poo! I'm not calling your character into question—"
have a baby!" Steve reiterated. "I don't know how it is on Asgard, but here on Earth, Tony — a human male —
Son-of-a-bitch had taken a toke before he'd gotten in the car, hadn't he?
Tony ever-so-slightly tightened his hold on his baby and averted his gaze, knowing that Barnes was talking about what he — or more the Winter Soldier — had done to his parents and really, really,
Steve just furrowed his brow in confusion, and Tony hummed and said, "I see your reading only went so far as the actual birth and nothing after that."
"Fine," he muttered, and they ate in silence a few minutes before Tony said, "So, this place?"
"Tony, go to bed," was all Bruce said.
Evidently, Steve was bound and determined to go through with this stupid thing. Sometimes, Steve's stubbornness could be
"Why are you like that?" she asked and nodded at him. "If you were Tony last week but now you're not—"
He tightened his embrace of Tony and brushed his lips against his hair, and Tony thought about the things that first Natasha and now JARVIS had said to him about Steve, and he wondered, for a brief and tortuous moment, if there was anything to it — if there was any truth to this notion that he was the only thing keeping Steve tethered to the modern day and that Steve would
Both Wilson and Bruce began to defend themselves at the exact same time, and Tony had known Bruce must have flapped his damned gums to Steve about saving the environment, but he hadn't thought Wilson was the type to push that agenda, too. Then again, Wilson was still doing part- time counseling work, so of course it made sense he was into that hippy-drippy crap.
"—hey, how 'bout I let you sleep in mine and Daddy's bed, yeah? You'd like that?"
Maybe she was just an overeager resident sent over from one of the hospitals?
her, so why can't you let yourself believe — just for a second — that
"Then just pick a date," Steve said.
"There's no reasoning with him," Tony said, and the others voiced their agreement. He exhaled a breath and added, "I don't know about you kids, but I'm starving. Takeout from Szechuan Palace?"
Tony snorted a laugh. "You think that's impressive, babe, wait until you see the internet." He groaned as a bell of some kind 'dinged.' "Yeah, I know. Steve, put your seat belt on."
"You wish to be changed back?"
"Huh? Hey, could you hand me that pillow?" he asked and nodded his head at the pillow carelessly tossed on the adjacent chair.
"That was old in my day," Barnes said with a groan and rolled his eyes.
He sat back in his chair and grimaced a bit. He ached, and his stomach cramped like a son-of-a- bitch, but he wasn't sure the feeling was as strong as it was supposed to be for how long he'd been at this fucking thing.
"Oh, yeah, sure. They had flying suits of armor in the '30s. My old man couldn't even get a car to fly in the '40s."
Tony glanced at him then went back to his work. "I think you're just telling yourself that."
"I do. I fucking hate you, old man. I swear to god, I'm married to a fucking Disney prince. Stop giving me those looks. You don't even know who I am, and you're still using your arsenal against me. How is that even fucking fair? I can't do it to you!"
…stirrups) and a sink and a counter with various tongue depressors and swabs and implements and gloves and other things he didn't recognize right off the bat. There were informational posters lining the wall — cross sections of various parts of the female anatomy and a fetal development chart that showed the various stages of gestation.
Steve considered his words a moment, twisting the ring on his own finger. He didn't believe Tony. Not in the least. It would be nice,
"Yeah, no thanks," he called back to him, but he heard the telltale sound of the elevator doors closing, and he sighed and slumped back into the couch for all of about two seconds before he got fidgety, and over the hump of his belly, he saw Steve's tablet sitting on the coffee table ahead of him.
. Oh, isn't that sweet?" He rolled his eyes. "You do know a fetus doesn't even have a concept of what 'love' is, right?"
Someone cleared his throat.
Tony did as told, and he felt Steve reach down and push his underwear aside to insert a finger in him. He gasped in a slight breath, and Steve hummed a little in displeasure and said, "Nowhere near how wet I want you."
"Right," he agreed. "Because I am going to a
"I wasn't sure if you wanted white or nude," she said and showed whatever it was to Natasha, who shrugged and said, "Both."
Tony shrugged and snuggled back against the pillows, cuddling his baby closer and pulling the duvet up a little more to cover them both. "If the shoe fits," he said, not bothering to correct Barnes on Steve's current state of being because he didn't need another lecture from Bruce.
"I'm not
"Wouldn't a nice neighborhood bar or a coffee shop be much more fun?" he asked over the noise, and Natasha snorted a laugh and said, "You're not that old, Stark."
"Nothing," he said. "I'll explain later."
"Then why are you walking so fast, huh?"
He was stopped from saying anything more by Natasha, who put her hand over his mouth and said, "You can argue later. We have to stop and get you something appropriate to wear before we go."
" and lost himself in Steve's genial chuckles as he loosened his embrace and said, "Sorry. Sometimes I forget my own strength."
Seriously, though, contrary to what Tony thought would happen, the world didn't stop spinning or explode or die out simply because some pregnant woman had come out on live television insisting she was really Tony Stark.
As it turned out, there was a two-day intensive course being offered that weekend. Steve, that son- of-a-bitch, signed them up on the spot, and Tony, much to his disgruntlement, was forced to spend his weekend with over a dozen other pregnant women and either their significant other or the couple they were acting as surrogate for, all of whom seemed to be happy to be there and excited to learn about the 'experience' of childbirth.
try to contact him because JARVIS made sure to let him know every time Steve tried to initiate contact with him.
He sighed and set the juice down on the counter next to his coffee. "You know there's going to be a shower now, right? Where all the gifts are gender-neutral verging on more appropriate for a boy— well, more appropriate going by societal dictates?"
"How 'bout 'in a delicate condition'? Does that work for you?"
"Yeah," she said with a sleepy nod and pushed her head further into the middle of his chest, but she frowned when her cheek rubbed against the arc reactor, and she pushed herself up a little and poked at it. The cool blue glowed dim through his dark shirt, and Olivia's eyes went a little wide and said, "Papa, what's
Jesus, what kind of a mother didn't care about something like that?
, he finds you
Barnes set the bassinette down beside the gurney, and Tony realized it wasn't exactly what he'd picked out.
He shot a pointed look Natasha's direction, but she just shrugged and said, "It's about time we got some more estrogen up in this bitch."
He shrugged and twirled some lo mein around his fork. "Out. About."
"Wait," Wilson said and looked at Tony, horror dawning over his face. "That's not a thing, right?"
He sat upright in indignation. "
"What bargain?" Steve asked, but there was a charge of energy in the air and then, in a flash of amber and lavender light, she was gone, and Steve and Tony were alone.
One other sleepless night, he found Steve down in the living room, Olivia cradled against his chest as he swayed with her to what sounded like 'Easy to Be Hard' playing quietly from the room's speakers. Tony thought it an odd choice but didn't say anything because the sight of Steve set against the moonlight streaming in from the floor-to-ceiling windows with their daughter cradled so lovingly against him warmed his heart like he couldn't explain and, quietly, he made his way over to the pair, Steve glancing up and watching him make his way over.
"Yeah," he said with a quiet murmur.
Tony just stared at him, silent, unsure, and a bus rolled on up to the curb and stopped to let a passenger disembark. Tony glanced over to it before he nodded his head and said, "This your bus?"
"Yeah, like...like the cramping and stuff. Totally normal but just... weird."
Steve sputtered out a few incomprehensible words then said, "You wouldn't be
"It's been systematic along the east coast," Hill said and pulled up a hologram to illustrate. She pointed to several targets and rattled off the exact times that they went offline, and Steve said, "Like dominoes."
"You know," Natasha mused from the other end of the coffee table, "if she is your daughter, why can't she do both? She could study engineering and pottery."
saying I don't love you," Tony said and put a placating hand out to him. "I'm just saying that you can seem kind of…cranky or salty or self-righteous or too serious for your own good."
"I know how much you care for your Anthony. He is a good friend and a fine warrior. He is also your bonded, and I do know how much he means to you. I am sorry you must go so many years without him by your side. It is terribly unfair that the Midgardian magic that allowed for you to live so that you might meet your bonded when you might normally be in the twilight of your life will make it so that you will long outlive the ones you love most."
"Oh, I didn't need to know that," Bruce muttered from the kitchen. Tony was currently getting dressed in the broad, open space of the living area, but it was still Bruce's own damned fault for eavesdropping. Rhodey didn't seem to have a problem with it. Of course, Rhodey had caught him doing some pretty nasty shit over the years, so nothing — not even the thought of what Tony and his super soldier husband might do to each other on their wedding night — fazed him anymore.
Tony.
" Barnes. Panting. What sounded like someone running down stairs. "
Tony looked beseechingly at Bruce, but Bruce just grimaced and scratched the back of his head and stuttered out several non-words, and the little thing that had attached herself to him pulled back a little and looked up at him, eyes watery and lip trembling and face splotchy from where she'd had it pressed into his pants.
And his voice a bit too feminine.
They finished breakfast after that and lazed around a little more, and by that time it was approaching the noon hour, and with resigned sighs and grunts, they pulled themselves from the bed and clambered into the shower to freshen up, and it was as Tony was walking back into the bedroom with a towel wrapped around him just under his armpits and a towel tied up in his hair that Pepper and Natasha let themselves into the suite, barging into the living room with a garment bag and another smaller traveling bag stuffed to the gills.
it. I'm not saying you have to believe it, but maybe you should just consider that that wasn't as much of an alternate universe life as you might have originally thought."
"Tony, that's not what I—"
, Sir."
He shrugged but wouldn't meet Steve's eye. "Let's just say this hasn't been the…worst… experience I've ever gone through. I mean, questionable ethics of how it actually happened aside, it's actually kind of, I don't know,
"I don't care about them," Tony said. "They can say whatever they want. I mean—"
at the moment, and he really, really couldn't take Bruce — who would
Tony swallowed down the sudden burst of disappointment at that.
Tony looked around for a clock and finally found his phone sitting on the coffee table. He reached out to grab it, and he checked the time and saw it was only late morning. He sighed and set the phone down and said, "Fine. Can we do it tomorrow then? Bright and early tomorrow morning, and then
"Olivia, use your fork," Tony said, and she scowled and picked up her fork and began to use it to poke at what was left of her waffle.
He sighed out a breath. "Honestly? I'm not sure yet. Maybe, in a way, I have only because what other choice do I have? I don't."
Barton put a hand up to quiet him. "Yeah, I wasn't done talking."
"OK."
And that was when it came their turn in line.
"You know I am."
"Yeah?" he called down.
not…politically correct."
But he'd grown tired of pretending. He didn't want to pretend any longer. He'd stopped having to pretend so much once Iron Man and then the Avengers had come to pass. He'd become the hero he'd always hoped he could be deep down — the kind Howard had assured him he was never good enough for.
Steve just stared at him a moment, brow knitted in slight confusion before he said, "You mean—"
Tony turned around in his seat to watch after her. "Wait, Hill's going, too? Is this some sort of girls' night?"
"Uh, didn't everything already come
"You washed your hands, right?"
I'm in trouble!"
"Think she would have liked me?"
"This isn't the original—"
"Like you — like
But Steve frowned some and said, "Are you sure you wouldn't be happier staying home? You know how tired you've been getting lately."
"Well, to be fair," Steve said and continued to stroke Tony's hair, "you still have a habit of employing questionable innuendo. But it's harmless and I think it's kind of cute because I can tell you're trying very hard."
"How far along are you?"
"I can't lose you," Steve said suddenly, and Tony glanced up and met his gaze, seeing determination staring right back at him. "I know you can be Iron Man, but I just…" He shook his head some. "I can't lose you, and if grounding you is what it takes to make sure it doesn't happen, then that's what I'm going to do. I'm sorry, Tony, but that's just the way I feel."
Rhodey turned to see Olivia happily chomping away on her waffle — the one Tony had had to cut up into pieces — and he shrugged and said, "Are they edible?"
tramp
Cap glanced up from his sketch and set his pen down to give Tony his undivided attention. "No, go ahead."
," Steve grunted out and collapsed onto his stomach. He turned his face to the side, his cheek pressed against the mat, and said, "OK, honey, you can get off of me now."
"Papa?" a little voice asked from behind him, but he ignored it as he squeezed his eyes shut and tried to focus on breathing.
"She's right," Barnes said, arms folded as he relaxed back into the couch and didn't even bother to take his attention away from the TV. "You're gonna pass out before you even have to push."
Natasha, Wilson, and Barnes all found seats at the island, and Tony sighed when he realized that Barton looked like he was cooking up enough to feed an army.
Every single rational thought flew out of Steve's head at that, and suddenly, his hands were on Tony — feeling, grasping, touching — his mouth nipping and sucking and licking and kissing and tasting every bit that he could get. Tony, with his suddenly more delicate but no less firm hands, matched him touch-for-touch and nip-for-nip, and Steve ran his hands down Tony's body — his shoulders then his breasts (soft and full and weighty, fitting perfectly within his grip) then his abdomen and finally his ass. He kneaded his fingers into the soft, rounded flesh, his mouth now sucking a mark at the pulse point of Tony's neck, his body seeming to act on instinct as he thrust into Tony, the difference in their heights meaning his cock was shoving into Tony's lower abdomen.
She handed that over to the third man, and the first man said, "What will this do?"
Steve Rogers was his husband. And evidently an old man.
He turned and left before either Steve or Tony could say a word, and Steve turned to Tony and said, "I hope he doesn't think—"
"I don't think you give him or yourself enough credit, Tony. I don't think he wishes you were your father— All right, maybe at first," he added at Tony's unimpressed look. "But I've never once heard him say it, and I've never heard any of the others talking about it."
"Not one hundred percent straight? Pretty sure. I came of age during the '80s when the AIDS scare was at its peak, and I remember Jarvis saying something like, 'Please do take the proper precautions, Young Sir.'"
Tony, however, decided to get back to the original topic at hand and said, "You losers aren't going anywhere. Besides, asshole, you're the one that even brought it up, so don't whine about defecting to the imaginary Justice League of Justice because you're jealous that Steve and I actually have a very fulfilling sex life with each other and you're stuck — and I'll throw one to the old men here — spending time with Rosie Palm and her sisters."
Just like another firecracker he used to know.
straight here but was more than content to live that way because he was from the fucking, repressed '40s, and no fucking way in hell would he ever allow himself to even
"Sorry," she said and moved to stand next to him.
But before he could duck out of the way, she pressed her finger to Tony's lips, sending a wave of shock and heat through his body. He felt the world disappear around him, his body going weightless, his eyes going sightless, his hearing nothing but a strange buzzing, and the next thing he knew, he was flat on his back on the floor, and Steve was screaming, "
"What?" Steve asked with a laugh and sat down on the non-stained end of the couch. "She likes it!"
"Well, maybe he's not as good a judge of character as I thought he was."
But Esmeralda just smiled as soon as he'd made mention of defending his baby, as though it was exactly what she'd wanted to hear.
Tony swallowed again, squeezing the piece of paper tighter if possible, and he closed his eyes and saw, just for a moment, a bruised and bloodied Steve Rogers from another timeline carrying a little blonde-haired spitfire through a red-tinged portal, promising her that when she opened her eyes again, her papa — her
"Thanks," he murmured, and he looked around at the four surrounding him, eagerly hanging on his every word, then thought about their conversation and said, "Why do I feel like I should be breaking into the first verse of 'Summer Nights'?"
Iron Man?" She nodded at Tony's abdomen. "There's a part of me that thinks that kid's going to take over the world."
Steve was not averse to disguises. In fact, he seemed to enjoy them.
shit!"
It was that Steve was
Steve seemingly processed these words before he scowled and said, "They didn't say that."
"Buck would want to deck me over something stupid. Jim would never do that to you." And then, he gave Tony a pointed look and added, "He'd deck me before he ever even thought about decking you."
"Why don't you ever call me cute names like that?"
"What? Why?" he asked and checked the time on the dashboard clock. 3:40. "Shit
of ways, forcing him to take this pleasure that was nothing short of mind-blowing. God, he didn't think a tongue could feel so good!
," Thor replied. "And no, it is...not a fairytale. The Infinity stones are very real, and very dangerous were they to fall into the wrong hands."
Barnes just stared at him and said, "He's fucked you six ways to Sunday, hasn't he?"
"Hmm? Oh, nothing. Just— This Hydra stuff. They're planning something — or someone is."
"Uh, are you sure it's a good idea you being in the car with him at the moment?"
Both Steve and Bucky just blinked and looked at him, and he sighed a little and looked between Wilson and Tony and said, "Oh, well, there's a shock. The relics have never heard of Scooby-Doo."
He looked away from the mirror and shook his head, flicking the switch 'off' and pushing his way back into the bedroom. Tony was still snoring, though he'd since flopped over, rolling toward Steve's side as he evidently sought out the suddenly missing source of heat. He smiled at him then turned and made his way out of the room, closing the door quietly before he made his way over to the baby's room.
Tony just tightened his arms and held onto Steve for dear life, breathing in his scent and letting himself feel and accept that yes, Steve was here, safe, in his arms, and he was never, ever letting go.
Steve burst out laughing, and, were Tony in a better mood, he might bristle and huff and whine about that insinuation and whatever Steve thought was so fucking funny about it. As it was, he just smiled tightly at Barnes and said, "Yes, he talks. He just hasn't found himself with anything to say."
"Which makes sense considering she explicitly said it was something she got from you," Bruce said, but Tony ignored him and continued counting.
He did his business, and it was as he was about to get up from the toilet that he heard a couple women come in — tourists, he presumed, from their decidedly not-local accents — and one said to the other, "No, that's definitely him. That's Captain America."
He didn't feel
"That doesn't make what you did
"Oh, my god," she breathed out, amazement coloring her voice. "Tony, you—" She looked up at him, and the wonder turned to slight confusion. "This isn't weird, is it?"
Tony groaned beneath him. “Not
"Wasn't so bad spending today with me, was it?" Tony asked as he hung up his own overcoat.
"Mmm…enough of them," he said and turned the page to see a drawing of what he
"Probably the usual," Bruce said and ate his bagel…plain. Weirdo. "Develop an army. Take over the world. Hey, did anyone ever stop to ask these guys what they plan on doing with the world once they take it over?"
But that didn't mean he enjoyed it. Then again, who did?
"Really?"
"Meaning?"  Wilson asked.
Tony pushed out of his chair and went over to the counter where DUM-E had left the blender carafe with the smoothie mixture in it.
"What do you mean?" Bruce asked.
Barnes burst out laughing. "Fuck, no wonder you two…"
it's a boy, I thought we agreed we'd rather wait to know for sure until it's actually born. Which is weird coming from Mr. Man-with-the-plan. Figured you'd want to know so we could have the room all decorated—"
"No," Tony said, cutting him off before he could finish his thought. "We definitely have to. I have got— I've never felt like this before, and I'm almost— Jesus Christ, I thought I was going to die out here. Almost had to take matters into my own hands, if you know what I mean."
Tony hummed a little and ignored that and continued, "She just stuck me in a body that could get knocked up. Did the rest on my own."
"I'm serious, Steve. There is
Steve, but
, and there was a small part of Tony — that ancient and innocent part that admired Steve and looked up to him and believed every word that he said because he said it with such conviction — that believed Steve and believed that Steve
He grabbed one then grabbed a second one because fuck it. He wasn't above eating macaroni and cheese with cut up hot dogs in it. He set the bowls on the counter then spooned out two helpings, one smaller and more child-friendly than the other. He glanced back to Rhodey and said, "You want in on this?"
Barton tore open an individual portion of strawberry cream cheese and glanced between the others. "I thought this was the communal floor?"
"Maybe next time, kiddo," he said and put it on his list of things to make. A Captain America shield-inspired waffle iron sounded amusing as fuck. Actually, maybe that's how they got it? Maybe that Tony had had the brilliant idea one day to make one?
Steve dropped his arms some and gave Tony a
Tony folded his arms, but again, the pose probably looked more humorous than intimidating. "And you would know that
Steve let go of his hands, and Tony began the arduous process of getting changed into the stupid paper gown. He stripped down, folding his clothes into a neat pile to set on the chair, while Steve busied himself reading the various informational posters on the walls, hands shoved into his pockets and a look of almost wonder spread over his face.
"Excuse me?"
"Nope," Tony said and put his other hand on Steve's shoulder. "Not good enough," he said and rubbed it gently. "Tell me something I can do to make this better. To make you forget about this."
"With throwing these two out of here?" Rhodey said. "Be my guest."
"Tell you what? She's slept long enough. How 'bout you go grab the munchkin, and I'll grab us something to chow down on?"
"Not sure if anyone's ordering anything from Mama Lucita's for a while."
Steve gave him one of those pointed side-eyed looks, and Tony rolled his eyes.
He was out like a light by the time Steve returned a couple minutes later.
"Yeah? As Bruce keeps telling me, he isn't that kind of doctor, so he doesn't know what he's talking about."
Tony Stark? They'll never believe that."
"Sure."
But they must have already had a game plan in place, as this time, it was just the one store, and Natasha stormed through the displays and racks like a woman on a mission before she found the dress she was looking for.
"Serum," he said. "Most efficient multi-tasker you could imagine."
"It's not going to hurt. I promise," she said and opened the door. There was a nurse in blue scrubs standing on the other side of the door, and she exchanged a quiet word with the doctor while they waited for Steve and Tony to gather their things.
" he said like he was reading a headline off a teleprompter for a gossip show.
"I like this song," Steve offered as explanation and used the steering wheel controls to turn the volume up.
and apologize for getting married at a bad time for her."
"Somewhere, Clint's head just exploded from being unable to make a 'size of the boat' crack," Natasha mused, and while Jim snorted a laugh and Tony shot her a
"Yeah," he replied, rubbing his hand over Tony's back. "I do."
"The implication being that the two trying to assemble it now are idiots."
"Who are you?" he reiterated. "Where am I?"
Together was the most frightening picture he could ever imagine.
Steve shot him a pointed look tinged with a smile and said, "All right, I probably would have had a little trouble believing something like
