Steve laughed at that and Tony shrugged with a smile.
He strained against the hands, thrashing, but it only invited claws to dig into his mouth and press sharply on his tongue. He shook his head violently, wincing when they pressed in harder, gagging when they surged into his throat.
Tony was on his way to the helicarrier for an emergency meeting. Thor had taken the Soul Stone back to Asgard for safekeeping but PLASM had kept the Tesseract for their Containment Units. And because of Murphy’s Law, Thor’s brother had shown his face on Earth and had promptly stolen the damn Tesseract and Clint right from under Fury’s nose. Fury, meanwhile, had promoted the Avengers to a full SHIELD special response team to any and all crises, paranormal or not. Tony had also been promoted to a full member of the Avengers as an emergency response and he didn’t know if he should have accepted it. In the end, the world needed help and he’d be damned if he was going to step away.
Tony threw his hands up at Steve. “That’s why I’m telling you to leave it! It’s not like you actually managed to get your hands on them! They just disappear.”
It was in the way Tony knew to pull at Steve’s hair just right to make him gasp. It was in the way Steve knew to press just under Tony’s jaw to make him moan; the way Tony let Steve support his entire weight, knowing Steve would never let him fall; the way Steve lean on Tony in return, knowing there would always be hands there to catch him.
Steve was already out of the shower and halfway to getting dressed when Sam rounds the partition wall of his private locker room. Efficient, their Captain is.
He thought for a moment, arranging his priorities to something more suitable for a talk between friends. “Challenge you all to dodge ball first.” Because it had looked fun when he’d watched the team play.
“I knew they talked about me behind my back,” Tony muttered, swiping the screen blank.
“Why do you all think he’ll say yes?” Tony mumbles into his arms.
When Steve had been a boy, he’d been certain of one thing in life: everyone he knew and loved would outlive him. Against all odds, it had mostly turned out to be false, and a new certainty had grown in his mind over the years: everything he wanted in life came at a cost. He had envisioned a life with Peggy after the war, and he’d lost that as the cost of saving America from the Red Skull’s terror. And at the cost of his own life. And before that? He had a new body, but Doctor Erskine gave his life for it. They’d been winning the war against HYDRA, and he’d lost Bucky for it. Whatever he wanted, it cost him something, someone he loved.
Tony nodded and waved them on, watching as the jet streaked off with Thor chasing it through the air. He turned to Steve, who had been unusually quiet through that entire exchange. Steve had been using that tactical mind of his on their missions more and more lately. Today was the fifth time he’d taken command and they had worked like a well lubricated joint. There was no reason for him to be so reserved. “What’s up, buttercup?”
The PLASM agents nodded in thought but Tony frowned. He still had some questions and tests to run on Cap—Steve. He’s waited decades for this opportunity and he wasn’t going to just see it vanish before him.
Steve turned from the window and strode past the straight-faced soldier into the dark corridor. The walls were bare, the tiles on the floor colorless. He brushed a finger along the smooth paint of the walls as he approached the interrogation room. His fingers tapped out a familiar tune from a long time ago, from someone he’d let them think he’d forgotten. The soldier marching behind him opened the door at his command and he stepped in, eyes on the scant contents on the room first and not on the spotlit figure hunched and tied to the chair in the middle.
. He wasn't even ashamed that he’d positioned himself as close to the door as he could in anticipation of it eventually opening. He just couldn’t take it anymore. His arms alone couldn’t take it anymore, let alone his dick or his ass. Just as well he couldn’t muster up two intelligent thoughts because he didn’t know if creating a fucking machine out of this ordeal was something he wanted on his list of accomplishments.
Tony grinned at him. “Do I get to wear the suit?”
in this new world. He’d made friends who’d treated him like a normal human being, and maybe that had been the problem all along.
War Machine looks down and then Rhodey’s voice comes through the comms on a private channel. “Catch him before he leaves his locker room.” He gives Sam a small wave and leaves through the hatch.
“No....” Steve breathed out. No. It couldn’t be.
Tony was standing in the kitchen when Steve stepped through the front door. Steve stopped over the threshold, hand still on the door handle, but didn’t move to enter his apartment. The groceries in his hands suddenly felt heavier, the bag cutting into his palms.
“Did you feel that too—“
“Captain,” Tony said, still looking down at the hem of his jacket, “I believe the meeting is in Room Five.” He stuffed his hand into his pocket and lifted his head, unable to resist seeing Steve’s face once more. Cap had lowered his hand but didn’t make to move anywhere. “If this is a consultation visit, my official consulting hours are—“
If only.
They find Sam and Sharon there, setting up food for... clearly not all the Avengers.
Natasha reached towards his arm and peeled back his sleeves to get a look at his tended cuts. Tony wanted to pull his hand away but he knew better by now. She nodded after seeing Tony’s sloppy and excessive ministrations then turned to Clint. “We’ll have to check the Expo grounds, see if he’s anchored there.”
Tony taps at his chin then clicks his fingers, and suddenly they’re standing in a rowdy wet market, probably somewhere in Southeast Asia – Steve doesn’t know it.
“I can’t believe Howard told you that story,” Cap said, still mortified.
Steve snorts. “Just ask your nurse out.”
Tony came twice more, not even attempting to bite back his shouts of pleasure. He was rewarded with the sounds of Steve’s groans of something that sounded like Tony’s name. He didn’t think he could come any more, but his entire body was still flushed and the antsy buzzing still hadn’t receded from underneath his skin. And he still wanted Steve, so, so much.
The battle had raged on around him, after he had taken one hit too many. Above him, skeletal parodies of angels were battling Earth’s Mightiest. Steve saw Sam, wings spanning wide, as he dodged the sharp scythe-like wings of the Fallen. From the edges of his vision, he saw the glow and crackle of lightning and thunder as Thor lit the skies around her. A beam of red fanned the sky and two of the Fallen fell, succumbing to their name. The ground shuddered and a familiar roar reverberated through the dusty air.
“Why aren’t they off already?”
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
“Stev—“
He ground slow and deliberate against Steve's erection. “Bedroom?” he asked innocently. "I'm already prepped, loose." He wriggled his hips. "You could push right in." He delighted in Steve's full body shudder and broken moan.
Before long, Small Tony’s eyes droop, so much like his Adult counterpart, and then his head lolls and he’s fast asleep. Steve brushes away a strand of unruly hair from Tony’s face, smiling. Tony’s earnest inquisition hasn’t changed – the papers may still talk down Tony but Steve doesn’t care.
“Steve. Take my pants off.”
Steve snorts, now tying the laces on his shoes, then straightens up to give Sam a dry look. “Nice try. But I’m fine.”
Steve grunted and nodded, still sawing his way through the ropes binding the first ankle. He remembered punching a giant, bald man with a bowler hat off the side of the carriage. Steve should've punched him harder. Baldy might even be dead from the fall. Steve didn't particularly care at the moment, considering. Stark, meanwhile, continued to ramble on about nothing in particular.
“Me?” Tony asked, then continued before Steve could clarify his meaning. “Thor and Natasha would want to spar with you so I’d have to fight them for your time but I think - I want to take you flying.” Tony prodded at the sheets on his lap. “You haven’t flown with the Iron Man until you’ve felt the wind on your face.” He glanced sideways at Steve. “Riding me like a sky pony like you’ve been doing doesn’t count and we can never let that happen again if the rest of the world and the media can all see you.”
The tightness in his pants now returned in full force and Steve moaned softly as he shifted his weight off his sore knees. The hand in his hair left after a minute and Steve nuzzled into the warmth of Tony's belly, framed by Tony's legs and hugging tight onto Tony's waist. His cock was still achingly hard in his pants.
They stood in the cold silence now, and Stark's gaze returned to the shield on the ground, face now openly dejected. Perhaps it had been much more than a working relationship than T'Challa had realized.
“Sentimental substance,” Clint nodded. “Valid anchor.”
Through his cameras, Tony saw the Trap lift off the ground and he made a split second decision and flew straight through the maelstrom to pin the Trap to the ruined lawn. He missed the Trap entirely, hitting the lawn a foot from it instead. Out of sheer dumb luck, his flailing arms managed to grab onto the Trap before it flew off. He thought he heard Steve yell at him over the comms but he held down tighter on the Trap, thrusters pinning him to the ground, the energies whirling around him, and he waited the storm out.
“I’ll keep you two updated,” Tony says softly, a soft hand for each of his kids’ heads. “Grab a snack, play a game, everything’s gonna be okay, got it?”
) “You want me to—what, ask Pete’s permission to marry Steve…?”
“Because you’re not my dad, so I don’t have to tell you everything.”
“Of course they do,” Steve growls, feeling the steering wheel dent beneath his touch. “And why didn’t you tell me before?’
“That’s ‘Greatest Generation’ to you,” Steve shoots back, then winks. It breaks the tension a bit, which Harley is extremely grateful for. Dad looks conflicted and guilty, but is trying hard to smooth it over with the
They go back to the paper, but Steve can’t draw his thoughts away from the heavy tone of Peter’s voice. It's one of the times when Peter is open with him, not holding back about his opinion or anything. It’s good, because from there a dam is opened. He and Peter begin talking, really talking, and it gives Steve hope for the future. The kids in the youth center look at the future with terrifyingly bleak perspectives, but none of them seem to think it's okay. They recognize what's happening in the world around them and they want things to be different. They have informed opinions and back up their knowledge.
Dad slips an arm around Steve’s waist and Steve leans into him. “I didn’t want to be a burden,” Steve explains. “But it was more than that. Had a lot to prove, I guess. To myself most of all.”
” Maggie insists, like this cryptic one-name message is both incredibly important and stupidly obvious.
“And you have roughly eighteen hours of sleep-debt to cash in! Chop chop, child. JARVIS, tattle on him, please.”
In the MedBay, the three of them lay eyes on Steve Rogers: the love of Tony’s life, literal blood on his hands (soaking half his shirt and smeared in fingerprints on his sleeves) striding up as the elevator door opens, already apologizing.
"Peter!" she exclaims, running at him. Her tiny arms wrap around his waist and her head kind of collides with his chest, enough to draw a little ‘
Maggie thinks with a sigh of relief.
Or Tony really, really hopes they were good ones. Sitting alone across from the chair Steve overturned in his rush to leave (
“Let him come to us. That’s my best bet.”
“Yeah, you were a jerk.”
“He literally ran at the sight of you.”
The thought of his uncle makes Peter's chest cinch together. He tries to ignore the sweep of nausea. Grits his teeth until it hurts and the pain distracts him. From there, he finds the locker room and spends his shower running through formulas for his trig test under his breath. He closes his eyes, loses himself in the math, and for a little while—he forgets. Peter forgets listening to May when she shoved him into a closet and asked him to
“Try me and find out. And then get some therapy! Targeting people who don’t have the resources to protect themselves for your own amusement is a serious character fault. And possibly symptomatic of unhealed childhood hurt and a really unhealthy coping mechanism. You should really get that checked out!”
It’s less than two blocks to Harley’s school. Maggie cranes her neck to look everywhere while they walk, but if Peter is near enough to be seen, Maggie sure doesn’t see him. She stares out the window all the way home, too. Can’t stop thinking about Peter as she eats her own plentiful dinner and crawls into her safe, warm bed.
“You trust me to get this done in my own way?” Steve asks, looking back up.
“When we met,” Maggie finishes. The coat of arms still carries the shape of Steve’s shield and the arc reactor, her paintbrush and Harley’s wrench, but she’d added something new. “The spider is obviously you.”
Well, shit.
Harley finds him anyway.
“HARLEY!” She doesn’t mean to stomp her foot. But her foot stomps and it works: her idiot brother startles out of his panicky aggression long enough to actually
did,” Stark shot back. There was finally a spark of life in his voice and Steve couldn’t help but pay it his attention. Not like what he hadn’t done, so many times during the War.
“Well, they did so they do.”
It was in the way Tony didn’t back away, fighting back and matching every ferocious bite with more teeth and nails, too ferocious for his Tony, until something—something hot and searing bloomed between them, whiting out the world around them as they grabbed and pushed and pulled themselves into something different, something new.
Out of the corner of his eye, he sees land approaching. It isn’t right. He knows he put the plane into the ice. He’d knocked the Cube from the Skull with his shield. He went down with the plane. He
two universes’ worth of lives be extinguished than to have your own hands dirtied.”
Steve’s mind ground to a halt at the words. He drew back and stared intently into Tony’s eyes. “What did you say happened?”
“Hey now, don’t be,” Tony says gently. “I’d probably move on from being a ghost immediately if I found out I couldn’t have sex until I did.” Tony clears his throat and looks away, cheeks pink. “Which, uh. Yeah. Don’t be sorry.”
He flipped to the sports section and studied the column of baseball scores. Life had gone on as if nothing had happened. Mostly.
“All right, Avengers,” Steve says, finally. “Focus on getting that bomb off of Quicksilver. Lambda formation, War Machine and Vision take point. If the target gets past the peaks, switch to Sigma and pinch him in.”
Stark clenched his fist on the seat between them – his uninjured hand. “Disingenuous as always,” he said. He turned to face Steve fully, and Steve caught sight of a wince at the corner of his mouth. “It’s a work in progress and the people wanted accountability for the death and destruction that tends to follow in your—in our wake.” Steve snorted at that, lips curled in disgust but Tony continued, unhindered. “You can’t tell me you want us to walk away without consequence every time we happen to level a building full of people?”
“And you message Cap and Rhodes every hour of every day like the hip young people you are but we still miss you.” She gives his hands a squeeze and lets go, sitting back again.
He brushed a hand up Tony’s stomach, chest, over the numerous scars collected over the years, and he settled it over Tony’s heart. When Tony pulled off to thrust back again, Steve brought his other hand to Tony’s hip and dropped them onto the seat behind him. Tony cried out, squeezing tight around him as the fall and his own weight dragged Steve deeper into him.
“Do you know what you sound like?” Tony asked from across the coffee table.
“Tony, listen to me!”
"I am, as you see, immobilized and lightly beaten. I've been better but also a good deal worse. Now cut me free with that whittling knife of yours."
"You're not getting him," the Captain called out. "You'll have to go through me."
Tony snorted, the sound distorted by the armor. “I wasn’t aware we were together enough for you to use that phrase.” He shifted and the red and gold of the armor reflected a flash of the dying light from the wall of windows. “I will say this, though: you can kick me from the Avengers but I won’t let you stop me from being Iron Man.”
Two hours later, Tony’s state could only be described as utterly miserable. His mind had been reduced to two simple thoughts: sex and Steve. He lay back onto the cot, cleaned and showered inside and out, pants back on, and, with huge effort, dragged his sluggish thoughts back to examining the entire situation. He had been so sure that whatever it was that had been forced on them, he would have thrown it off in twenty-four hours. And there were still two hours left.
Sam chortles as he makes his way to Steve’s private locker room. Sometimes, it feels like high school here. The good parts of high school.
Oh, God.
Did he? Could he? Could he give himself to this man?
"Iron Man?" T'Challa asked.
Wait.
Steve felt the world shatter around him at his word and his already limited senses faded one by one until all he could feel was the shield on his arm. It wasn’t all that bad. It felt like it had, in the ice. The numbness. The darkness. Wasn’t this what he had waiting for him, eventually, if he had stayed as a ghost? Maybe it was better this way, less painful for everyone involved.
A handful of the prison’s guards marched up toward them from the compound and moved to surround Steve. Tony held up a hand as one approached with another set of cuffs and something that looked like a collar. “Can you give us a minute,” he said in their direction. “Two, tops.”
Steve had requested it? Tony shook his head violently and took a step away, glancing around at the room. There was a ringing in his ears and his heart was trying to beat right through his chest. His fingers refused to stop shaking and he clasped them into fists at his side. His eyes landed on Steve’s again. His breath hitched and he almost stumbled. “What were you going to do if you touched it and moved on? Right then?”
“And speaking of souls,” Natasha turned to Tony, “Steve here said you were being attacked by something when he showed up?”
Oh. God.
“Let me have you, let me take you,
Tony groaned, pressing the heels of his palms hard into his eyes until his vision marbled. Steve’s name alone was enough to kill higher cognitive functions for a second there. He took a few deep breaths and signaled for JARVIS to open audio-only communication to the outside hallway. “What are the chances you won’t jump me if I let you in?” Tony asked casually.
Steve hesitated and walked towards the door. He stopped on the threshold, turning to glance at Tony, or more specifically, Tony’s chest. Tony repeated his shooing gesture and Steve finally turned and left.
When Jim steps out the bathroom a while later, a little more sober, Tony is squinting at him from under the sheets. Jim makes him from the bottle of water on the bedside table, gives him a pat on the arm, then stands to go sleep in the second bedroom.
If he had to be poetic, then Steve had seen the essence of his
Mostly, Sam thinks it helped with team bonding. Except for himself, Rhodey, and Steve, the rest of the core team had been civilians. And born only a year ago in the case of Vision. Natasha had just been happy to not be a part of SHIELD/HYDRA. And the Avengers definitely aren’t military.
Steve’s knee had gotten worse over the past couple of days. The fluctuating fall weather was not doing his creaking joints any favors let alone the sprain in his knee.
Slowly, deliberately telegraphing his moves, he brought his hands up to frame Steve’s face. Steve shifted a hand to cover one of Tony’s and pressed his cheek into Tony’s palm. Tony felt the other hand pressed to his chest, right over the arc reactor. He could feel the warmth there, warmth from Steve’s hands, and Tony felt joy bloom in his chest for the first time in months.
He couldn’t
Tony circled the eighty foot red blob currently oozing in the shadow of Barclays Center. It was reported to have been throwing 'Love Slime’ at everyone and everything. Anyone in contact with the slime had made for the nearest person and…. The reactions ranged from uncontrollable sobbing to full blown sex, depending on how the relationship between the people. Even if the increased love in the air before Valentine’s Day had always bred some interesting entity, it had usually been small scale, never like this. Bruce had stayed back at the Tower; he hadn’t wanted risk coming into contact with the slime and Hulking out involuntarily. And because of the mass of the entity, which Tony and the team have just been calling ‘blob’ for convenience, it’d been rolling right over the capture streams.
Crap. “Me and Nat.” Steve looks at him hard. “And Rhodes.” Steve narrows his eyes at him.  “And Vision. That’s all, I swear.”
It probably wasn’t Steve’s fault that Stark would think that of him. Even so, Steve was a little miffed at having his words from earlier brushed aside as if he hadn’t mean it. “It’s not their business and all of that is history as I see it,” he said shortly.
Tony squeezed his eyes shut, trying to feel the body before him, but couldn’t. He could only feel the pinpoints of fingertips at his cheek and the burning from the Stone in his palm. He wanted to keep Steve, but. But he wouldn’t deprive Steve of his after-life. And he wouldn’t break that promise to Steve, all those months ago as they stood laughing together.
Tony gave extra credit to his excellent self-control after only a dozen dips to a dozen rooftops on the way to his Tower.
What he wouldn’t give to be put into the ice again, or to see this War end any other way.
Steve opened his eyes and blinked.
"Fuck it. Phase Two, J."
Steve didn’t look up even as the sun set and the streets quietened.
Since then, he’d just stuck by Tony, following along with whatever it was that Tony had to do. They’d gone to New York numerous times, Tony supervising the completion of his tower there. Steve had gone alone to visit Brooklyn on those trips. He had wandered the streets, moving past the people, and tried to find where everything was. The streets were the same, but the details weren’t. It had been like a bad duplication of a painting. And more than the missing visual details, Steve couldn’t
“—yeah I’d like to see that.”
Steve started to suck at his neck and Tony threw his head back, a yell caught in his throat. There was too much to feel. There was too much
He flicked open the buttons of Tony's pants and white drawers with practiced fingers.
“You asked,” Steve echoed, voice sounding hopeful. Much like Tony’s spirits.
. He was getting to know this man outside of Howard’s influence and he wanted more. And he hated that he wanted more. Steve should come first; Steve needed to move on to his next life.
“Clint?” Steve asked, reaching back with a stretch to grab the grubby deck of cards from the bottom drawer of his desk. “Didn’t know he could learn new tricks.”
Stark didn't move, eyes still fixed on the shield that lay by the entrance - the Captain's abandoned shield. There was a history there, a history which had only fanned the misdirected rage. T'Challa himself knew how he felt about the Captain when his attempt to catch and kill the Soldier had been thwarted again and again, and he hadn't even personally known the man. But he also knew how he would have felt if he had killed the Soldier given what he knew now. He could only imagine what Stark would have felt if Stark had carried through with his violent grief only to find his friend and an innocent man dead at his feet.
“Steven! Anthony! It has been long in waiting but I am glad for your joining—“
“—and then all will be well for attempt number two.”
“I don’t know what it is you want anymore.”
"I think so. It doesn’t feel like I’m trying to rip my skin off anymore.” Steve nuzzled into Tony’s neck. “The past couple of months without having, uh, sex with you might’ve been harder."
Natasha sips her mocha and looks over the rim of the cup at Tony. She smiles sweetly and sets the cup down, then crosses her legs, and her hands on top of them, mirroring Tony’s posture. Across from her, Tony sniffs. His fingers were beginning to show signs of drumming against each other where they’re loosely clasped in his lap.
“Steve!” Tony’s muffled voice came through the door. “Warn a guy!”
“It’s plug and play now, Nat,” Tony says, confirming what Natasha saw of the attachments and what Bucky has told her. “I don’t need to be there.” He turns to look at her. “He trusts you enough to let you fix it on to him for him even though he could do it himself. You take it to him. I need to go help Pepper pick up her pug with Happy.”
Tony looked away and rubbed at his eyes. “That makes even less sense. I wasn’t even close to existing when you died. Why would it be me?”
Steve takes the contraption and gives it an exaggerated once-over, but his admiration for seven-year-old Tony’s heart and accomplishment is genuine. “You’ve done well, Tony,” Steve says.
“Tony!”
“I—“ Cap started.
Steve shakes his head again, confusion growing. He tries to tell Tony to go to the controls, to turn the plane around, and Tony’s expression twists into something livid and dark. Something he’d never seen on Tony’s face before.
Stark was silent, eyes still directed at the shield.
She gives him a significant look as he hands her the case outside the Avengers compound. This is closer than he had ever come to the compound since the day Bruce had returned to them. His grin is more strained now but he looks between her and the case and Natasha waits for the bad joke.
“My Quicksilver friend!” Thor says, pulling Pietro into a hug. “It is good to see you fully recovered.” He pulls back, putting Pietro at arm’s length and studies his face intently. “Though something troubles you.”
“You killed us,” the young man rasps out through his burnt throat. “You promised to protect us but you killed us!” He lunges at Tony and they fall against a tombstone with a crack. “Let me have you!”
Steve huffed. Of course. Old habits. He gave Tony one last peck on the lips then moved down to his intended target. Tony's cock was straining against the blue wool of his pants and Steve didn't know if he wanted to see it leaking for him or to taste it leaking for him. Likely both, he thought.
As they stood staring at each other with random pedestrians passing them by without a second glance, Steve saw Stark’s hands uncurl and his arms unfold. Stark reached up and plucked his sunglasses from his face, revealing the bright, brown eyes that the internet liked to focus on. They’re filled with emotion now, widened in something like wonder, and they crinkled a little in the corners as Stark smiled at him like he was glad for having misjudged Steve. It was an honest and trusting expression and Steve found that he liked it.
fau—“
Fuck.
Steve turned back sharply at the words, something like hope surging in his chest.
“JARVIS! Full scan! What is it?”
The Captain lowered his arms fractionally, but it was the Soldier who pushed forward to stand between them. Even beaten bloody and missing a metal arm, there was a fire in his eyes that T'Challa hadn't seen before. It was the eyes of a man who wanted to make amends and T'Challa knew this feeling intimately.
Tony nodded, and then shook his head, clearing the ringing from his ears. “Hey, Steve. Welcome back.” He tried to smile up at Steve and he thought it came out cheerful. “Got you away from the thing, the Soul Stone,” he held up his left arm, or tried to, showing Steve the green glow from between his fingers. “Don’t do stupid things like sacrificing your soul for me. You were just going to leave me like that? Did you ever consider what I’d feel about it?”
Steve sat and waited for Tony.
He fell back heavily, clenching his teeth. Why now? Why now of all times? He closed his eyes and opened his mouth to call.
Tony lifts his head with a glare at him and Jim grimaces in apology. “Many reasons. I’m old, for one,” Tony supplies, circling a fingertip around his own face.
To this point in Tony’s life, there were three certainties he lived by: one, that logic and the scientific method were the only effective ways of thought; two, that anything was possible unless proven otherwise; three, that Captain America was a symbol, a paragon, but Steve Rogers was the good man beneath the mask and more than that, he was a good friend. As of a few hours ago, Steve was a good friend, and maybe something more, corporeal state be damned.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa,” Sam cuts in, raising his hands. “That almost sounded Stark-like. Hey I have an idea. Why don’t you take Tony there if the man comes by for a visit?”
Tony snorted like the gentleman he wasn’t. “If only.” He pulled back his hand, showing Steve how the catches opened and closed. “See this,” he said, pointing to the braces, “It’ll hold and hide anything solid that fits this size. You’d think a gun under the sleeve perhaps, but I’m working on something a little less lethal, with a wider distribution of force. Should be good for controllin’ mobs once I refine my designs. But that was what blew down my walls and the shed.”
The sun hadn’t yet set and the floor was dark enough that Steve could only just make out the silhouette on the couch in the center of the open living space. He trusted that Tony was aware of his presence – had been alerted as soon as he’d called the elevator to this floor – but he made his footsteps loud just in case. The silhouette shifted just a little as Steve moved closer.
, because that’s about the only thing you’ve demanded of me. Tell you everything. Defer to you. You said you were
The burn was spreading again, his numbed body was now burning like it was doused in molten iron. He shook his head again. He could only shake his head. ”I’m trying to take us back. I’m, it won’t let me. I can’t—“
The Soldier flinched at the last word but he nodded and turned to the Captain. T'Challa stood silent as they made their decisions. The cool air of the Siberian mountains was very different to the warmer climate of Wakanda but it wasn't enough to chill the burning in anger still flowing through his veins. His father had been unfairly caught in the crossfires of an unrelated vendetta but it was done and in the past. The wound would heal and he would keep telling himself that until it truly did.
He thought he saw Steve say something but he couldn’t hear it. He thought he knew what it was. He tried to say it back, tried to make his lips form the words. The Stone was still in his grasp and it was burning through his entire being, consuming him. He loosened his grip further, feeling the burn lessen and his throat finally obeyed him.
“We cuddled,” Steve said. “You cuddled me, but then I cuddled back so I think it counts as ‘we’.”
Good. Steve didn’t need that this morning either. He chewed on his toast, cut into bite sized pieces. At least his teeth were in decent working order, even if nothing else in this old body of his was.
The trouble turned out to be a fledgling
but maybe he could hang on to his sanity for a while longer yet.
“Might I suggest you take some nutrients first, sir?” JARVIS enquired. At the same time, U wheeled over with a large cup of green smoothie and a cheeseburger on a tray.
“Fine.”
“Rhodey, Rhodey, Rhodey,” Tony hisses at him, “did you really just say muffins? As in muffins of the European breakfast variety? Or are you euphemising? You're euphemising. It's a euphemism.”
As he and Tony fumble their way back to the hotel room Tony had actually booked for the evening, Jim listens to Tony’s sad, sad tale of how he had tried to ask Steve for a movie marathon (“—casual, fun. Spending actual physical time together. That’s good right? Isn’t that supposed to be good? Help with the whole physical bonding thing—“).
Steve cleared his throat and dragged his thoughts away from the increasingly inappropriate daydreams that were flashing through his mind. “What about you?” he said, waving a hand at Tony. “What would you do?” Wait. That didn’t come out right—
“He just thinks there’s a way to do it without hacking,” Dad says, with a stupid Dad wink.
“I love you, Tony” Steve blurts, wishing there were more poetic words to say about how he felt for his boyfriend, for this incredible man who deals with him and trusts him and everything in between.
a kung fu master, because he twists this way and that until one of the bullies accidentally clocks the other, and that one starts crying while the other keeps shouting the same dirty words over and over, and Ringleader-Bully gets to his feet and starts sneaking away.
Maggie steels herself and reaches into the pocket of her bridesmaid dress. Out of it, she pulls a piece of paper neatly folded and hands it to Peter. Steve sets a hand on her shoulder while they watch him unfold it. He gasps a little as he traces fingers over her art.
Peter nods. They sit together on a couch in the office. It doesn't take long for Harley to come in, followed soon by Dad and Steve. The two are clasping hands, though Dad's free hand is holding an envelope and there's a pen in his mouth.
4. Steve
Harley's face brightens. "Well, you have to let Steve help you!"
“Harley!” she shouts.
Kids. Between the ages of ten and eighteen. Actual children, encouraged by the relationship between Steve and Peter, who begin to open up and speak, are passionate about it.
She goes.
There’s a pause. Steve’s next breath shudders on its way in. Tony feels the vibrations of it in his cheekbone, in the press of his shoulder under Steve’s. “Well, that works out well,” Steve says, voice a little raw, “‘cause I’ve been kind of hoping to spend all of everything with you.”
Tony moves in close. Steve’s head drops, forehead resting against Tony’s, breathes out shakily. “Yeah,” he says.
“No, we
” Harley says, voice rising. “Did you think about that, Dad? He’s going to have to find somewhere new, now, with the Feds crawling all over, cataloguing everything—”
He wants them to be a family. He wants to go to his boyfriend of
He just has to see how Tony feels about having a third child first.
Wrong.
On the morning of the wedding, Maggie stares at her ceiling and cycles through her life.
“It was about Peter,” Steve explains. “I was going to ask you if you were willing—if your kids would be okay with—I’ve known for months,Tony. Peter’s ours. My kid. Our kid. It just—it was a big ask.”
"What other subjects are you taking?" Harley asks a while later, mouth full of taco.
“I trust you completely, love.” Tony’s voice is firm but gentle, like he really wants Steve to understand. “And if it's your way, it's our way.”
“Peter Parker. He called me in the restaurant, I wouldn’t have answered for pretty much anyone else. I‘m so sorry for rushing out on you like that—I could hear it in his voice, Tony. Knew he was hurt real bad.”
“What if he doesn’t have weeks?”
“Maggie?”
“How bad?” Sick dread coils cold in Tony’s gut. “That’s—Peter’s blood. All of this—” he gestures helplessly at Steve’s soaked shirt.
“Yeah,” Maggie whispers. If Peter hadn’t shown up like he did, she probably wouldn’t be. “You gonna find him? And then we’ll help him? If he needs it.”
"To adopt you?" Steve says quietly. "Yeah, kid. We love you. I love you."
“Hey now, boys,” a woman coming down the sidewalk says, hesitating as if she wants to intervene, but also wants to continue on with her delinquent free day..
“You don’t have to decide now,” Steve steps forward, “and you don’t have to say yes.”
He forgets about running away in the summer, and how the cold came and made everything worse.
“There were these three big boys messing with me. They took—” the urge to start crying again hits her by surprise, and she swallows hard, chin wobbling. “—t-took my portfolio, and were going to—to go through it and film it, they said it was for Tik-Tok, and they wouldn’t give it back so I threw snow at them and then they started fighting me and
. Didn’t try to help me at all. But Peter jumped right in and he’s not much bigger than me, right, Harley? I gotta learn to fight like that. Steve! You promised you’d start teaching me—”
“Hey, wait,” Harley’s saying. Peter is backing away. “I—I owe you. Want to, I don’t know, get dinner or something? Grab some pizza?”
There’s more to Peter, though. The kid is carrying something around. It’s as if there’s a weight on his shoulders he can barely stand, and you can only see it if you really look. Sometimes, when Peter thinks nobody is watching,he lets his shoulders sag. Tension bleeds from his muscles as his eyes close and he mutters something under his breath, something to center and calm him.
(She really does.)
Came true for Harley and Maggie though. It’s not fair—super fucking unfair
“Next time don’t attack my knight in shining armor.”
"Oh, um." Peter swallows nervously. Sitting down and having a meal with these people is different than spending hours writing a paper with Captain America. "You really don't have to—"
“Peter...Parker?”
Peter shifts uncomfortably. "Should I be here..?"
“I gotta find him,” Harley says. His jaw is set. Usually, Maggie’s heart falls when she sees that because it means he’s going to be obsessed with whatever he’s decided to do until he’s finished doing it, and she’ll be treated as an annoyance the entire time, but right now she’s glad. She hadn’t noticed at first, but now that she thinks about it, she’s pretty sure the clothes Mystery Kid Peter was wearing were all too big or too small, and he had on hoodie but no coat, and she can’t get out of her head the way his face changed when Harley mentioned pizza.
“We’re just clarifying,” Maggie says loftily. “Making sure no one accidentally forgets that things have changed, you know?”
was all Tony caught of the back end of the phone call that Steve had been so apologetic about taking) leaves a lot of space for doubts. And oh, does Tony have doubts.
“Maggie,” he whispers. “This is your family crest, the one you were working on--”
“Hey, Harls,” Dad says softly, and steps in close to where they’ve sat Harley at his desk chair. Dad’s fingers brush softly through Harley’s messy hair, smoothing it from his forehead. “You’ve got the best of intentions, we know that. One of many things that make us so proud that you’re ours. But Steve’s got some good points. I’m not saying we’re not going to try—” Harley goes stiff, moves away without leaving his spot on the chair and Dad lets him go, comforting hand falling to his side. “We just need to think about all the angles here. What’s right, what’s legal, what’s possibleand, most importantly, what Peter Parker wants.”
He's also incredibly kind. Steve watches him over the next few weeks, how he interacts with others. Peter is constantly aware of the people around him: their needs, their concerns, their joys. Even as Steve sits at a desk, watching Maggie and Peter interact, he knows that Peter doesn’t really understand art. Yet, he tries to engage and understand because when he does, Maggie lights up like Peter Parker hung the moon.
"Steve!" Harley calls waving his arm. "Come here, we need you!"
, she interrupts her own thoughts.
” Seriously, wtf, Steve Rogers.
In an instant, she’s free. Her attacker drops Maggie in favor of doubling over in pain . Part of her feels guilty, but he deserved it. He
And he braids Maggie's hair. He studies the color wheel to be able to properly comment on Maggie's work. He stays up as they talk about how pretty girls are and the best type of nail polish to wear with their school uniforms.
He feels so damn guilty.
“That’s exactly what you’re going to do.” Tony meets his son’s eyes. Holds. Harley gives in with a duck of his chin and reluctant half-step back, and Tony sends up silent thanks.
Maggie lets out a laugh through her sobs as she watches her idiot brother almost kill himself running through traffic to cross the street. Tires screech,horns blare and Maggie shrieks, but in an instant Harley’s there, perfectly fine, grabbing her in a hug so tight and  fast that it squeezes her lungs. A moment lapses and Harley pushes her away just as fast, looking around wildly for a threat—zeroes in on Mystery Kid—shoves Maggie behind him.
“That’s not what we’re saying,” Steve says immediately. “Like your Dad said, you’re trying to do the right thing here. I believe in doing the right thing.”
you ask Steve to marry you—” Maggie interrupts, punching Harley in the arm—“don’t forget Peter.”
"Hey kid," the man himself says, standing in front of him with a soft smile and extended hand. "Steve Rogers. It's a pleasure to meet you."
“Like a family,” she says. Definitely the dream. “I’m Maggie, by the way. Magnolia Keener, but you can call me Maggie.”
“Hey, hey, it’s okay,” Mystery Kid keeps telling her. “That was really scary, and you were a total badass back there. Sometimes this happens after a fight, you know? Once your body knows you’re safe, it’s all, ‘cool, let’s cry now!’. Happens to everyone. Shoot, why can’t I find—I swear I had a pack of Kleenex in here somewhere—” between her tears she sees him digging through his backpack, looking for tissues. He’s flustered and blushing a little, and it’s so different from the cool courage he showed when he stepped in to help some random little girl getting bullied on the streets that a hiccup catches on a giggle.
“Oh,” Harley says. “Oh. Um. I...sorry. And...thank you.”
She pulls away from the hug, but her hands only slide to hold his. He's honestly never met a more affectionate person who barely knows him.
“You’ve been talking about this kid a lot,” Tony tells him on a date in late January. Steve grimaces as embarrassment washes over him because he realizes how much he’s talking about Peter. “No, honey, you don’t have to be apologetic. You have always let me blabber on about my kids.”
It's in between the ceremony and the reception. Maggie knows from movies and stories that this is the quiet time for the newlyweds to have a moment; to revel in their marriage. It's why it's a little surprising to her that her father requests her presence in a private office.
When Steve met Peter Parker, he didn't know this would happen. Didn't know that he would have one conversation with the kid and think "I can help. I can help him."
“Is that so?” Peter looks down at her, soft as always, and smiles. “Is this your fault?”
Hope bursts wide in Tony’s chest—more than hope: joy, relief, longing—and burns so bright that he’s pretty sure it’s outshining his arc reactor. Tony pushes up onto his elbows and stares down at the man he loves.
“Alright,” Steve relents.
“Those are for my brother and me,” she says.
“I’m serious,” Tony says, pouting just a tiny bit. “Gods and aliens exist, I’m not ruling out an afterlife. And if I get one, I want to spend it with you.”
“Okay,” Steve prompts, mouth tilting into a smile of his own, then up to meet Tony’s.
"Hey," Peter manages. He pats her back. "Good to see you again."
“Maaaaybe. Next time wait where you’re supposed to be, got it?”
“That’s war, Pete,” Steve says firmly. “You make the decision that will ultimately save lives. It sucks, but our world is one where war exists and people die. Japanese forces were not going to stop unless they were stopped, so we had to make a decision.”
It’s just that this is a really nice restaurant, the kind of restaurant it takes forever to talk Steve into eating at because the prices are apparently ridiculously high and no matter how much money Steve makes, he never gets used to spending it. Or letting Tony spend it instead.
“Now,” Tony clears his throat, “where are we on the trusting people front?”
“I’ll help,” Steve says, “but first, let’s get you both home. Your car still at school, Harley?”
There’s a couple seconds of really awkward silence. Mystery Kid discreetly passes her another tissue.
Steve can admit that he doesn’t even want to think about that. What he
Peter’s gone.
“Yeah, yeah. Get some sleep, squirt.”
“Yeah, or burgers, or shawarma, or Korean—” Harley’s looking around the street, listing off nearby restaurants. “Whatever you want.”
is going to find out he's hacked the security feeds and has been using school resources. He's going to a school for geniuses. His teachers are geniuses. There's no way someone doesn't know, right?
“Say, Rogers,” Tony adds to the tail end of a yawn, reeling in from a luxurious stretch, curling home into his favorite place in the entire universe: Steven Grant Rogers’s arms. Things have been hectic. It’s been too long since they got a morning like this: just the two of them, resting and happy.
“Harley, I’m right here! I’m okay! I’m here!”
For once, no one corrects Harley’s potty-mouth.
“You sure? You better be sure. Be sure, Steven, no take-backs allowed—”
good.”
“Fight. You fight about it.”
After all, Uncle Ben always said to never kick a gift horse in the mouth.
Steve catches moments, though, where the rough life he knows Peter’s had bleeds through in his opinions. Peter tells him over the paper one night that he refuses to believe dropping the Atom Bomb was the right thing to do. It doesn’t matter that it technically ended a war. Was it victory if you had to beat someone into submission?
"Are you serious?" he asks, voice cracking. "You want—"
“Of course, sweetheart,” Steve assures, big hand warm around her shoulders. “As soon as Christmas break starts, right? That’s our deal.” But he’s staring after where Peter disappeared, frowning.
“Good call. I’ll walk you both there, then come back for my bike and we’ll all drive home. Okay?”
How New Years, a time of celebration, became him staring at the crowded city and drinking to another year of misery.
“I thought you were gonna be your own knight in shining armor.”
, Peter thinks miserably.
Peter. That’s a good name.
This cycle has been repeating for almost three months now.
BS Steve was going on about. In the end, it just makes Tony look constipated.
“Is Steve hurt?” Maggie whispers.
“Wow, like you’re part of the Avengers! That’s the dream!”
“I know what this means to you, Maggie, this piece of paper is--”
the sun. In Tony’s universe, anyway.
Steve cannot help himself. He leans forward and asks Peter, “How is it you came to have such strong opinions on power and responsibility?”
After that, it takes less than two seconds for the stupid sidekicks to take off after their leader.
With a silent groan as not to reveal his hiding spot, Peter turns and looks at the ceiling. Why in God's name does the cleaning staff have to be so happy all the time? Like, okay, yes they have to be there and make sure everything is set for the school day and their job is hard. They should be able to use their workspace however the hell they want when they think they're alone.
“Shutting down a major drug shipment where Peter Parker
” There are tears on Maggie’s cheeks. Tony reaches out, smooths them away.
(Except she does.)
“Hey, hey,” Tony says, Maggie’s devastation mixing dangerously with his own worst fears. He shepherds everyone into the living room, hopes the way he collapses on the couch doesn’t give away the despair he’s trying so hard not to feel. “‘Course he didn’t say no. Why would he say no? I just didn’t get the chance to ask.”
Peter purses his lips. “But at what cost did that decision come? With great...with great power, you have a responsibility to use it in a way that makes the world a better place! What about dropping a bomb on civilians makes the world a better place? We killed women, and men, and children. So did Hitler, so did Mussolini, Stalin, and every other person who’s the ‘bad guy.’ Why was it okay when the U.S. did it?”
But then Maggie or Harley catch his attention, and Peter’s right back to it.
Maggie tries to go to sleep, but her brain keeps whirring away with thoughts of her mystery savior. Maybe Peter has his own safe, warm bed too. And plenty to eat. It’s not like they can really know.
This symbolizes Iron Man, right? And that’s—that’s for Captain America? It’s perfect. I don’t recognize these—”
"I don't trust anyone with my heart, Rogers, and I think you know that. I am terrified of being broken worse than I already am, and of someone not being able to look past my arrogance and my anxieties, and the fact that nobody can place above my kids. Then, I met you. You loved me for all I have to offer, and you loved my kids as if they were already ours. I have wanted you for so long that I don't know what it's like to want anything else. And so here I stand, broken pieces barely glued together, and asking you to do it again. Because if you agree to have me, I vow to stand by you until the end of my days. Through every nightmare and every fight, through all the dangers we know in our day jobs. I promise to always bring you coffee the way you like, even if it's gross. I promise to be the one who defends you when you aren’t around and supports you when you are. I promise to continue learning what love means.”
Tony looks at Maggie. At Harley. Back to Maggie. “...I don’t get it.”
“Yeah, I figured it would be faster to run when I got the location ping—”
“How many—what were you
With Tony.
Maggie reminds herself fiercely, tightening her backpack straps and looking around  quickly for a weapon.
Steve lets out a frustrated puff of air and dips his chin down a bit. “I don’t know. Honestly, I don’t think he’s ready for me to tell him that we know who he is and we want to help him, however he’ll let us. He’s got an intense guilt complex and thinks everybody else in the world deserves better. As much as it's killing Harley, I think we need to hold back. I don’t want to jump the second he feels comfortable.”
3. Peter
Maggie scoffs. “Do you think I have that much power?”
“Sure are,” Tony says, softening.
You made sure there wouldn’t be any missions—it was gonna be
“Yep, that’s exactly what you’re going to do,” a new voice says, and suddenly there’s strong shoulders and a steady voice between Maggie and the bully-boys, just where Harley would stand if her wishes had actually brought him here. The new kid isn’t as tall as any of the bullies and certainly not as heavy, but he doesn’t look afraid. At all.
His son and daughter nod decisively. Tony dares any force on Earth or beyond to challenge his mini power-duo. He really does.
” Steve insists. “Privacy
“We have a new plan,” Maggie says. Tony’s kids have sat him down for a plotting session—for what, Tony isn’t sure, but world domination is near the top of his best guesses—while Steve runs through a careful workout with Peter, who has been declared wholly healed and ready for gym access, and not a second too soon. Spiderling has been crawling up the walls.
"Yes." Tony tosses the envelope to him. "How do you feel about last name Stark, Underoos?"
The vents above Peter give a terrifying rattle, and he practically squeaks in indignation before deciding it's time to rise and get the day started.
over, Harley, we are mature adults in a loving and healthy relationship—”
“...Yeah?”
instead of
“You’re going to find him, right?"
“Keep moving, lady,” one of the boys says. Maggie uses the distraction to kick the bully holding her right in the crotch, just like Harley taught her.
“Not if he doesn’t trust us, sure,” Harley says. He has thought about this, and repeatedly told himself that it can’t be the real issue here. “But come on. Iron Man and Captain America swoop in to save you, you get saved and you’re happy about it. Every kid at least
So Tony watched Steve write out reports all night, appreciating the company, and eventually he ended up just watching Steve sleep in his chair, neck bent over the back, hands folded over his stomach. It really didn’t look comfortable. Honestly, there was plenty of space in Tony’s cell to share.
Tony shook the light of the Trap from his eyes and brought up the camera diagnostics on his HUD. All fine, but it hadn’t filtered out the light. Weird. “I’m fine, Steve. JARVIS helped.” He looked around at the aftermath of the deblobbing.
Bucky considers. He'd never expected to develop the bond that he has with Natasha. It wasn’t just their similar histories which allowed her to help him through his recovery. She genuinely cares. And Bucky does as well.
Tony was thrown off his feet, landing heavily on his back. There was a heavy pressure at his chest, pressing him into the hard ground but at the same time, he felt he was being pulled upwards, away, out of himself. He scrambled for something to hold on to and his hands found nothing but smooth floor. The Tesseract was still sitting at the opening of the Containment Unit by the dropped shield and Tony fought against the waves of spirits spiralling in gusts around him to reach it at a half-crawl; he had to seal the Unit again, once the Stone had had enough. The light from his chest was now blinding and he squinted his eyes against it, waiting for his moment, one hand on the Tesseract’s container.
“That's all, right?” Tony spoke up, pushing away a surge of panic. “Can I go back to work now?” Tony Stark, dodging the emotional confrontation like only he could.
“It was very nice,” Tony said, nodding. His tongue darted out to flick at Steve’s thumb. “Could have lasted more than half a second, though.”
nodded, baring its neck like Tony had beneath Steve, only moments before, teeth bared within a smile. “Promise. Let me have
“Is there something you wished to see me about?” Tony asked. He was formal. Good. Steve settled himself into this little game.
That had brought him Steve.
“Mister Stark,” Steve said, voice pitched even with formality. “Nice of you to finally come.”
T'Challa raised a hand and clapped it hard on Stark's metal shoulder. It earned him a hard glare but he saw the spiral of guilt and anger ebb at the contact.
Steve didn’t know if he wanted to move on. Some days when Steve had ventured out, he’d marveled at the future, the different technology, the different
What would Steve have done? Actually, Tony knew
, of the people. He could see brighter glows of the souls of his teammates; Natasha, Clint, Thor. Hulk was a giant blur of colors. All of them scattered in the streets of New York, trying to contain the fainter glows that were the remnants of what once was whole. He could see Pepper in Seattle, Happy by her side. Rhodey was in D.C.. They were all glowing with life. The entire planet was glowing with life, some brighter, some disappearing.
“You know,” the entity said, and Tony could make out a tired smile, “I can’t ‘make with the words’ if you keep interrupting me.”
century very well because he walked right into another person. The person stumbled and Steve reached out to steady them, having regained his own feet with no trouble. Looking around he realized he’d ended up on Park Avenue near Grand Central.
“And now you’re my genius Shellhead.”
“I’m sorry,” the entity said yet again. “Let me explain. I’m not—“
“Alright, Stark,” he called, “Time to get you home before you end up on the wrong side of the tracks again.”
Bruce hums and turns to the fridge to see what drinks they can have. “You’re doing fine. Sorry to intrude.”
Steve opened his eyes and looked at Star—Tony properly for the first time since his incarceration. There were lines on his face where there shouldn’t be. The set of his shoulders were from more than just pain, and his stillness was a jarring contrast to the animated antics of the man Steve had in his memories.
“Steven Rogers, but you should call me Steve.”
And if Steve had just left without a word?
He puts Tony back onto the ground and gives him a close once over.
Steve looked away. “Your leg?”
He was still unsure of why he was here, living half a life, and all he could do was
She tilts her head just so, letting one corner of her mouth run higher than the other. Tony narrows his eyes at her but doesn’t break the stare. Or the silence between them.
Thor laughs. “My guess is that this is for the final movement of Natasha’s very devious plans in ‘getting the estranged parents of the Avengers together’?”
Steve was staring down at the Trap, and he looked up to Tony with a frown at Tony’s prompt. “That was dangerous,” he said simply.
“You know it, Sheriff.”
The third time Steve and Tony kissed, it was also their last. And Tony wished with all his being that he hadn’t blacked out from drink. He decided that this would be the last time his inventions would fail him.
Bruce steps out of the car and looks up at the Avengers Training Facility. A few extra wings had been added and there were more plants dotting the place, but otherwise it looks much the same as when he was last here a few months ago.
this, but here, the land is approaching and approaching fast. And it’s real, here and now.
That no one outside of Tony’s immediate area of about two hundred feet could see him had been a huge relief to Nick Fury, Director of SHIELD and PLASM, who had not wanted a national furore over the appearance of Captain America’s ghost. It had certainly made Steve’s increasingly extensive nightly wanderings easier to a degree, if he went alone, but it hadn’t stopped Tony from running rather exhaustive tests on him all the same.
“JARVIS,” he called out again, “commence part two of Phase One.”
“I—“ Steve started to say.
His jaw refused the movement required to complete his sentence because this was the most undressed Steve had ever seen of Tony, and he’d watched the man sleep before.
“Long time no see, Tones,” Jim says with a laugh, patting Tony on the back. “Now let go of me before I choke.”
Steve had stiffened at the first words but laughed as Star—Tony had continued speaking. Steve braced himself and reached forward to grasp Tony’s hand, taking the opportunity he had all but crashed into. The contrast of soft skin and scars and calluses tickled his palm and he held on, feeling a surge of heated excitement he hadn’t known he could feel anymore.
Then there was the war over Registration and Steve…Steve didn’t miss that.
Tony grunted in thanks and sat himself down at the nearest workbench and tried very, very hard not to touch any part of himself. He could do this. He could focus on tasks at hand despite intoxication and altered states of mind, as he full well knew from experience.
“They won’t be harsh on you,” Stark said.
There was a roar in the distance, and Tony turned in time to see something massive and green jump from the departing Quinjet. The Hulk landed on the street with an enormous boom, heedless of the giant dust and concrete cloud he created. Tony hovered inches off the ground and let Hulk stand between him and Steve, hiding Steve from sight for a merciful moment.
"Keeping him safe is all I can ask for," Steve said. He looked back at the Wakandan imitation of a de-powered Quinjet. "And the plane. Very expensive plane. I can't thank you enough for everything. "
century technology, showing him the ins and outs of navigating the internet until Steve was a deft hand at it himself. It was also from Iron Man that Steve learnt little bits of computing and electronics so he could pick out the little bugs SHIELD liked to plant on and around him. And Iron Man was the one who would sit by Steve in his heavy armor and throw out light conversation and useful advice as Steve fixed up his motorcycle after many an Avenger’s mission.
Stark's eyes softened at the gesture. "Am I your darling now?" he said with a tilt of his head. "I might just get used to this damsel business."
“That can’t be true,” Steve said.
And Tony had blasted out the back wall of his shop, taking the small shed at the back of Starnes Saving & Loan with it. Starnes had yelled at him and then taken him to Steve’s office, demanding justice and recompense.
The agent huffed out a laugh at the lie, still breathing hard. They were well trained, Steve knew. This new life needed tougher enforcers and SHIELD had done an admirable job of breeding them. Too bad they weren’t as tough as the capes. As tough as Steve.
Steve chuckled at Tony's balled up but delighted expression. "Incoming trains, incoming riders, incoming sun, take your pick." He leaned in, a hand slowly massaging at Tony's groin, freeing Tony's cock from the flaps of cloth. "But I betcha I can finish you off within a solid minute."
“I vote we take it to Phase Four,” Bucky says, gloved hand raised, looking around their table. “Try for a final push.”
When one of the rogues had grabbed a serving girl and pulled her into his lap, Steve had had enough and marched in to break up the gathering. The drunken rogues had not taken Steve’s interference well and Steve had ended up in the middle of a brawl. And just when he had been about to get his head knocked to all Hell on the bar, the man behind him had fallen away with a jerk and a crash and Steve had fumbled himself around to see Tony swaying on his feet, hands wrapped around the shattered legs of a bar stool.
“What about that time I first crawled into bed with you and every day after that?” It wasn't said with an accusatory tone and Tony took comfort in that.
Tony choked on his eggs.
Steve clicked his tongue and watched in amusement as the agent tensed in the chair, expecting another blow. Most of them were easily cowed in his presence. Most of them knew what he was, who he was, what he did. Few of them had known him well before—before.
“Stay in the room,” Tony begged, desperate. “Give me twenty-four hours. Twenty-four. I’ll figure this out.” Tony gave one last look at the spit-shiny redness of Steve’s lips and left with a blast of repulsors before he could be enticed even further.
No. No no no no, no.
“Doctor. Thor.” Pietro nods at each of them, uncrossing his arms. “I am well.”
PLASM had not made it better, putting him through a rigorous panel of tests, asking him to recall all the details he ever knew of his life. They’d put him in numerous machines and made him do various things like walk through walls and pick up objects (he strangely could do the first only sometimes and could never do the latter). They put living people and spirits in front of him but he could touch neither. Once he had been deemed somewhat explicable, he had been handed over to the Avengers, who’d been tasked with the long term mission of helping him move on, with hopefully no actual avenging.
Sam grunts in return.
“How’ve my boys been treating you, agent?” Steve said after the door closed behind him again. He avoided the patches of dried blood, old and new, and dropped into the only other chair into the room, careless and carefree.
“We wouldn’t be in this situation if we were having regular sex before this,” Steve said, and wasn’t that the truth. “It’s making me a little crazy,” Steve went on, voice getting stronger, “but I’ve still got my memories intact. I know I wanted this. I do want this. You can't expect me to sleep next to you every night, kiss you goodnight every evening, kiss you good morning every day, and not want the rest of you as well. But if you don’t want this…it’s not a deal breaker if we don’t ever have sex. It never was. I’m gonna be taking a lot of cold showers and spending longer in the changing room but I can handle it. I’m not one to step out into a relationship just for the sex. And before you ask, I’m not just saying this because I really want to have sex with you right now.”
, was now hanging off his shoulders, revealing the arc reactor. The light from the reactor was glowing the green of the light that Steve had always seen during the hauntings, and on that earlier mission with the Love Slime.
Steve drew his hand out just a little, the warmth with the back of his hand. He pressed down firmly when Tony’s back arched off the seat again. Tony let out a rasping laugh that turned into another moan when Steve resumed his stroking.
Spengler greeted him with a frown, nose wrinkled underneath wire-rimmed glasses. “Tony, what did you do to the Trap?”
“Well good. I’d need to be carted off to the crazy house if I had to live through what you describe happens every night. ”
Stark let out a derisive breath and they returned to sitting in silence side by side.
The world tilted in slow motion and Steve was staring up at the haloed blue sky, the rough asphalt beneath him, Tony’s weight on top of him, Tony’s good hand weakly grasping at the sleeve of his bound arm. And Steve’s world narrowed; he cast away the panicked shouting of the guards, the searing heat of the ground, the million implications, and he focused on the dwindling labored gasping of Tony’s breath and the pooling wet warmth at his neck and chest, trying to catch those last words.
Steve was a patient man when he wanted to be, and he would sit through this until Tony looked at him with bright, happy eyes again. “Tony, can you honestly say that you’ve figured out every aspect of the paranormal? We don’t even know why ghosts exist. We don’t even know the meaning of life. This is what I want and I think that’s enough, don’t you?”
“What? No! What do you mean?”
It had been a playful phrase between them, once. Another thing sullied by this entire War between supposed heroes. Steve could help himself and help Tony – he knew Sam and Bucky were the greatest thorns in Tony’s side out there right now – but he wasn’t a liar and he wasn’t going to let Tony make him one.
“Do you know where Steve and Tony are?” Bruce asks Thor.
“Can I please have your autograph, Mr. Stark?” The young man says. “I’m a big fan of yours, in more ways than one!”
Steve rammed the knife straight down behind the clavicle of the agent’s shoulder. The scream that followed was satisfying, if nauseating. Steve really didn’t like blood. He left the knife in and simply watched as the agent squirmed in pain, gurgling as half his lungs and the spaces around it filled with blood. Good. Only one person could call him those names anymore.
!” Tony threw the shield away from him in a pique. It crashed through the contents of two of his workbenches and the sound of metal cluttering to the floor echoed through the workshop.
And now, more slime.
There was a beat before the reply. “It’ll function.”
century was just different and not always for the good. They’d won the war and weren’t speaking German, but he’d hoped that everyone would have moved on from him as well. He had not expected to wake up to the title of Living Legend. He’d done what he had to when he’d joined the war. He had
and that damnably open and earnest expression
Bracing himself, he flew forward and picked Steve up into his arms in their usual travel style. As he lifted off to take them back to the Tower, he tried his damnedest to ignore how Steve was mouthing the outside of his suit at the collars of his chest plate. He couldn’t feel it but his sensors were telling him the hand Steve had over his shoulders was stroking slowly at the armor plates of his neck. If this were some day in the far future, if they were still together in the far future, he would have landed on the nearest roof and had his way with Steve.
yourself.” He reached up and tugged Tony’s hands away from where they were fumbling at his belt and put them firmly on the desk, letting Tony bend over and press his ass into Steve’s groin. Steve kept his hips still, but squeezed hard on Tony’s wrists when Tony tried to grind back. “Keep this position. Open yourself. Make it
Steve smiled, that boyish smile that Tony loved, and with a wave, he was engulfed in the light.
Revelations of Stark’s social practices aside, the rest of what Stark said was what Steve hated the most about the 21
“Wait, no!”
“Yeah, and I’ve never seen Tony texting anyone else so much when I visit him,” Rhodey says.
Stark looked away at that, his hands clearly wanting to gesture but were held in aborted movements by the armor.
This was different. Electric. This was Steve right before him in the flesh, smelling of musk and aftershave and—
“Boar for dinner then,” Bruce says to himself. He finishes composing his message and hits send.
Steve nudged Stark's nose with his own. "You're no damsel, Stark," he said softly. He planted a firm hand on Stark's chest and moved down to finally –
Tony activated the Trap, holding it in place with both hands. It shuddered violently and he could feel his thrusters working hard as JARVIS stabilized him in the air. Good, because he didn’t think he had the full concentration to keep himself steady without some help. The blob gave a mighty groan and was slowly drawn into the Trap in a whirlwind of P.K.E.. Tony closed his eyes against the blinding interior of the Trap and waited it out. With a final gurgle, the blob was in and Tony tumbled back through the air at the recoil.
Steve had never been one for pulling corks. As he looked on to Tony’s drunken tomfoolery in the noisy space of the inn, he really wished he could say the same for Tony. As it stood, Steve himself would just stick to the cider.
Steve had a confused expression but was holding it back with a smiling grimace and Tony almost felt like laughing again.
Bruce looks over to where Sharon and Thor are laughing over something Thor just said. “So,” he begins, “you and Sharon?”
As was sometimes the case, Tony had to travel for business. The hour before these business trips would be spent with Steve in a suit, then out of it. And once Tony was in the air over one of the oceans, Steve would be lying on their bed, his feet still tangled in the sheets as he buried his face into the cooled lining of Tony's suit with a sleeve wrapped around his cock, rutting into the fabric to Tony's scent until he saw stars. And if the suit was too stained even after a thorough cleaning, well, Steve tried to not feel too guilty about the number of suits that met this fate.
"Two seconds to spare," he said. His voice was hoarse but he couldn't care any less – he did get some good, honest noises out of Tony. Tony's belly shook in an answering laugh.
Thor was cut off by the sound of something heavy slamming into the pavement and then the noise of something large deposited into an even larger pile of dry leaves.
Slowly, Tony nodded. The Stone in his palmed flared with heat again and the numbness returned. This time, Tony knew it would be final. He nodded again, firmly, and looked back up to Steve, eyes flicking between his eyes and his lips in inquisition. Steve smiled and slowly, dipped his head down towards Tony.
The Avengers had been called out for a Class Six Stampede earlier in the day. Steve was no stranger to animals in the street but this had been more disruptive than anything he had ever seen. Perhaps mostly because the animals were of the zoo variety and lion ghosts leaping into stores had not been met with much enthusiasm.
jump me if you let me in?”
They stopped outside an imposing concrete building sunken into the ground on the outskirts of a small town. Tony dropped out of the parked vehicle with careful grace and Steve was allowed to leave a moment later when the magnets on the anklets of his feet freed their hold.
After they’d sent Thor off to Jane for the holidays, Tony had stayed out with Steve at the edge of the landing pad and Steve had shared his desire to draw. Tony had immediately started designing out loud a vibranium stylus. If Steve could touch the vibranium in Tony’s chest, and only in Tony’s chest, he could touch a piece extended from his chest, right? Steve had stood and let Tony wave his hands around, trying to theorize on anchors, Steve’s lack of P.K.E., the significance of hauntings in general, and the feasibility of him synthesizing a substantial amount of vibranium. Steve hoped he wouldn’t need to use a stylus anchored literally to Tony’s heart just to doodle but he appreciated the sentiment all the same. He looked over the cityscape and let Tony ramble on beside him.
“Fury has a point,” Steve said through the team's comms, interrupting Tony’s increasingly off topic train of thought.
“Holy shit, Steve!
Steve should be angry. Steve should be wary. Tony had finally let him in on the Illuminati’s activities but Tony had also proven that he could still hide things from Steve; he could hide things no longer as innocuous as a secret identity. Steve shouldn’t even be here, but all he could think of was how he couldn’t remember the feel of Tony pressed close to him all those years ago. He couldn’t remember the brush of Tony’s hand across his neck. He couldn’t remember how warm Tony could run. He couldn’t quite remember the low hum of the armor when it had been plastered to his side.
Tony had started joining in on active missions as Iron Man, more for the team’s sake - so Steve could be visible to them - than for field observation for the equipment he was developing. He’d spent the past three weeks trying to refine a freeform magnetic beam redirector. That Class Five had dodged linear beams with ease and if he had to see Steve’s face at the destruction of those supposedly priceless pieces of art again, he’d have to take up painting himself just to replicate them for Steve’s artistically inclined soul. As it was, he would settle on trying to prevent it from happening ever again, hence the beam redirectors. He’d only managed a wide angle curve of their proton beam weaponry but he knew he could make it do better if he could only figure out a mechanism to extend and shape the magnetic fields into something like nets.
“Rhodey, Rhodey, Rhodey, Rhodey, wait, wait, wait.”
Steve is clutching at his shield and a black-gloved fist is flying at his face. He knocks it aside and redirects the follow-through kick with his other arm. He pulls back the shield and swings the edge up at the torso before him. On the upswing, Steve finally looks up to see the Red Skull standing before him.
