“Just…don’t.” He tries to back up some more and suddenly finds nothing but air beneath his feet.  And then he’s falling.
“Now the script isn't good enough? You liked it well enough to come out of retirement, if you remember.”
!”  Bucky shouts a reminder as he hurries out.  Tony rolls his eyes, not so much at Bucky but the whole situation.
“It’s not a problem, Nat.  Wilson’s welcome here.  I’ve got more than enough room.”
“You haven’t
He must stare long enough that it becomes uncomfortable, because suddenly Jane takes initiative.
“It would’ve been nicer if you’d picked up your damn phone and didn’t leave me here hyperventilating for so long.”
“You have Miss Potts, you’re hardly a rakish bachelor anymore.  And that’s not what I’m saying.”
No one’s around when he actually gets back, though.  He heads to the kitchen alone, JARVIS going through the list of appliances and items Thor has broken since he returned this time.  The dishwasher is toast, and he doesn’t understand how Thor managed it.  There’s spaghetti sauce all over its interior and it looks like there may have been a fire.  The god has a gift for pointless destruction.   He’s glad Thor’s only on planet every so often and spends most of that time with Jane Foster.  She can bear the brunt of his utterly ridiculous behavior.
“Sorry to be blunt.  I know it’s not my business, but after so many years of taking care of him it’s hard to stop.”  Pepper’s hand goes to her necklace, fingers gently running over the diamonds and sapphires.  Steve wonders if it’s one of Tony’s more extravagant gifts.  “It’s not like Tony to hold back; it means a lot that he is.  I think if I don’t nudge you in the right direction you’ll both be waiting around for the other for quite awhile.”
He thinks of Tony’s lips accidentally brushing his that day down in Tony’s workshop and Steve knows that
Steve smiles and drinks because he can’t bring himself to care one way or the other.  It actually feels good to let Tony ply him with booze, to let Tony singlehandedly carry the conversation.  It feels so easy, warm and companionable that he wonders if the alcohol might be having an effect after all.
"That's not fair."
“And those are just the ones we know about.”  Fury adds to the unspoken statement he’s just made.  Steve shifts his stance, ready to protest, defend Bucky from all of this.  There’s no way.  His best friend cannot possibly be this person.   And yet, he is.  Was.  Still is?  There’s no way to comprehend this.
“I know you didn’t.”
“It’s…it’s all so blurry, coming here.  I only knew that I couldn’t see Steve.  I could feel it…in my bones, you know, that I had to…I had to keep myself away from him.  Any time I tried to dig deeper there was nothing – just darkness – a blank.  I didn’t know why.  I didn’t know this is what was going to happen.”  Barnes stares back at him, direct but unchallenging.  Tony nods.
Steve gets up from his place beside Stark at the kitchen island, feet far enough from the floor now that he has to hop down from the bar stool. Bucky doesn’t miss how Stark’s hand trails down Steve’s rail thin arm as Steve moves a few steps away, like every possible second of contact has to be utilized. “Tony, maybe you could –”
“Penn Station was so beautiful, how could they replace it with…this?  And this is what Madison Square Garden looks like now?  It used to be…it was twenty blocks uptown and…”
“I grew up military.  I have a license.  My father made sure of that.”  She states, grabbing the headset and putting it on.
He spends the whole of the next day clearing out one of the basement levels, putting Happy to work moving all the classic cars to a different storage area and sending SI interns on runs down to Canal to pick up all kinds of art supplies from Pearl.  One of the clerks at the store calls the financial office around midday to check and make sure that some NYU kids haven’t stolen his credit card to fund their school year’s worth of projects.
“Ah.”  Tony’s jaw tightens.  He shoves his hands in his pockets as they continue on, falling suspiciously silent.
“Hold up, Barnes.” Tony cuts him off, and then he winces for some reason Bucky doesn’t understand. “I mean, Bucky. Uh…stay a minute, please. We need to talk.”
“Things between us have been so shitty, Buck, since I changed back to this.” He makes a sweeping gesture down the length of his body. “I didn’t understand at all but then Tony said that and…” He looks at Bucky, meeting his gaze. “It all made sense. At least, it does if it’s true.”
“Maybe it’s a good thing you’re moving out of Williamsburg,” Clint interjects.  “You’re getting far,
“He’s not going to let you within arm’s reach of Sergeant Barnes, you have to know that.”  Pepper is evidently closer behind him than he thought.  “Last time-“
Tony is jarred from his thoughts by Pepper’s soft voice.  He hadn’t heard her walk up.  He glances at her over his shoulder and then goes back to staring at the sculpture recently installed in the atrium of the lobby.
Rhodey shifts in his seat, his face pinching a little.
Tony repeats in his head, hating the sound of it.  Two separate things.  You.  And the Team.  “You’re clearly unhappy in New York anyway, it might be best to move on.”
“I want you because he wants you,” Bucky’s teeth pull at Tony’s ear lobe, now. Tony’s about to lose his mind. “Love you ‘cause he loves you.” Like he knows this is too much for Tony to process, Bucky doesn’t give him any time to let that news sink in. “Make him come, Tony. I want to see him come on your dick.”
Someone less stubborn and more selfish should be the leader because he’s not sure he can handle it if Steve decides to throw himself on another grenade or crash another plane.  Goddamn idiot doesn’t even have a comm link.  He’s cut off from Tony completely.
“And besides, Steve, this film would be good for you. You could make some real money, instead of that pittance you make in the set department, and you’ll get some valuable exposure.”
“I believe Tony has concocted a clever and devious ploy to necessitate the removal of your fine shirt, Captain.”  Thor observes with a knowing twinkle in his blue eyes; he seems rather proud of himself for catching on.
And it’s certainly not anyone he expected.
Tony’s the two steps it takes to get to the door before he turns back, plucking a plastic ID card from the back pocket of his jeans.   He slips it into the front breast pocket of Steve’s seriously outdated pajamas and pats his hand over it against Steve’s chest.
Steve moves his mouth but no sound comes out.  The rosy flush of desire high on his cheeks fades, surprise draining the color from his face.
“Not that your hours don’t.  Balls, that’s not what I meant.”  He waves his hands furiously like he’s wiping an imaginary chalkboard of a faulty equation.  “Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain, he has no idea what he’s doing.  What I
“Arriving at SHIELD with Tony.  Not much after that – just bits and pieces here and there.  I think I remember a woman saving me.”
Steve picks up the book that’s splayed over his stomach and puts it aside on the coffee table, not bothering to mark his page.  Then he reaches and runs a hand up Tony’s arm, sitting up just a little in order to get the leverage to pull Tony forward.  Tony goes easily, settling himself on top of Steve.  For someone who is basically a solid wall of muscle, Steve’s body is surprisingly comfortable underneath his.
“I’m a master of the perfect buzz,” Tony claims.  “Your empty stomach is nothing but an asset here.”
He glances at Pepper, guilty, and moves away from the window.  He goes to the bar and fixes himself a bourbon.  He pours Pepper one too; she secretly likes the hard stuff when paperwork is giving her a headache.
“I ain’t the one he’s kissing.” Bucky shrugs again.
." Steve throws Tony a look as he settles his collar straight. "She might actually want to see you." Tony rubs his chin, tilting his head and smiling wryly.
“Would you like some orange juice?” He’s already filling her a glass.  The coffee’s going to be a minute.
He stares, looking his fill, and Steve stares back. Bucky doesn’t need to explain the reason for the pause; Steve understands. It’s hard to believe that they’re finally here. He almost
Steve tries to force his eyes open but it’s like his lids are stuck together.  He tries to breathe but there’s something stopping him, covering his nose and his mouth, there’s something down his throat and even through his stupor the panic starts to build.  Why can’t he move?
“Buck?”  His throat is scratchy dry and for a moment he thinks he wasn’t heard.  But then the man lifts his dark head, that familiar lock of hair falling loose across his forehead.  Bucky’s thick hair always did do crazy things if he didn’t keep on top of it.
“No.”  Steve lifts his head.  Tony locks his jaw determinedly and stares back, refusing to react to the expression on Steve’s face, no matter how beautiful and broken he looks.  “I don’t want it.  I…I’m sorry that I thought things were different.  If I was being such a bother, you could’ve told me to go.  I’ll leave you alone from now on.”  He shoves the sketchbook at Tony’s chest and pushes past him.  He jabs the elevator button, hard.  The doors open immediately, the elevator not having been recalled elsewhere.
“Hello,” Tony answers and rises from his seat. His hand is on Steve’s stomach, peeling that wet fabric upward so he can touch bare skin, feel the lines of muscle shifting underneath his fingertips. His belt buckle is mere inches from Tony’s hands and Tony reaches down, pushes worn leather through metal.  He slips the copper button through its hole, drags the zipper down. There’s nothing but bare skin underneath. Steve inhales sharply. Tony looks up at him, finds Steve staring down at him with barely concealed lust. He's trembling.
He holds her close and lets sleep pull him under.
“Does that really matter?”  Pepper remains silent but she doesn’t move away.  It’s her way of not backing down so he supposes yes, it does matter.  “My mother wanted Howard to stop looking for him.  All those trips he would take to the Artic…he’d be gone too often, it took too much money, and every time he failed he just got that much angrier.  It was all for nothing, Cap’s body was never going to be found, and she wanted to put an end to it.”
“The great tactician has no plan?  What is this madness?”  Tony taunts and Steve’s smile spreads full.
“I've never seen you in properly tailored clothes, Steven, those boxy detective costumes were so loose and so drab. Do allow me to appreciate my fine work.” Jan bats her long, dark eyelashes up at him, her grin coy. She purses her lips in an air kiss as she gracefully rises from the floor and takes a few steps back to look him over fully. “And to gloat, a little, perhaps. While the raw material is admittedly strong, I do believe I have improved it.”
many ways.”
am a genius. He’s just made some decent pictures.” Tony waves the idea off disdainfully.
“I’m here.”  Bucky shifts his seat closer and tightens his grip on Steve’s hand to the point where it almost hurts.  He bends his head, presses his lips to Steve’s cracked knuckles, and then presses his other hand over their combined grasp.  “I’m so sorry, Steve.  I can’t even tell you, I don’t know how…”
“Are we doing this development thing here or at Lew’s? He’s the agent, he should come here.”
“If it means I can be with you, Steve, even some of the time…” Bucky whispers, and Steve nods slowly. He wants Bucky to kiss him, all of a sudden.
Steve waits until Tony pulls his finger from his mouth before catching his hand with one of his own, bringing it back to his lips to press gentle kisses to his fingertips and palm. He wants to say something in response, but everything that comes to mind seems rather oversentimental, especially since Tony’s tone has been far more smutty than sappy.
“Really? Huh. Can we get her in here?” He’s only half-kidding.
The train is empty enough now that he and Tony don’t necessarily have to sit directly beside each other, and Steve misses the close proximity of their seats at the ball game, with Tony’s elbow jostling his side, his thigh pressed casually against Tony’s knee.  Steve had much preferred that to the roomy box seats Tony originally proposed.
“I’m hard for you too,” Steve rocks against Tony, pre-come dripping to Tony’s lower back. Tony sighs like it’s the best thing he’s ever felt. “So fucking hard, Tony.”
He gets Steve on his elbows and knees and buries his face between Steve’s cheeks, tongue thrusting into Steve’s tight hole without much preamble. Steve chokes out a cry and he blindly reaches for a pillow from his bed, dragging it down onto the ground. He shoves his face into it to muffle his cries.
“No, no…think I’ll stay here a minute.” Tony suddenly sounds tired, and he takes a seat on the sofa. He tugs his shirtsleeves straight underneath his suit coat as he leans back into the cushions. “Make a few more of those calls before heading out.”
He’d been quiet, strangely asking no questions about what he’d interrupted on the balcony before trundling off toward their bedroom, leaving his sketchbook and pencils behind.
He nearly drowns in it, saved only by Natasha gripping his hand tightly underneath the table, her fingers squeezing hard and pulling him back in.
“Come on, you’ve got more of an opinion than that.”
He then supposes that Bucky is going to jerk off over Steve’s face or that he’s shoving his cock past Steve’s lips, but Bucky moves up too far for that.  Steve’s hands grab Bucky’s hips and hold him steady and that’s when Tony realizes they’re following through on their earlier plans for Steve to lick Bucky out.
“You’re gonna smell like a pretty, pretty flower, Rogers.”
Coulson seems a little too enthusiastic about this.
“I ask questions.”
“But you can explain the crazy hair and the need for a good ironing?” Tony gestures around Steve’s person. He pushes up from the floor, seemingly re-energized by their activities. “I like you like this, laying there with my come all over you. Give me a minute and I might be able to go again.”
“Not everything needs to be dissected, Tony.  Not everything needs to be understood.”
He kisses Steve instead, and Steve lets him.
“Ugh.” Tony has to admit the man has a point. “Okay, fine. I…” He scratches the back of his head with one hand, the other making a so-so gesture as he fumbles his way to the heart of the matter. “I kinda, maybe, might have had sex with Steve Rogers last night.”
Tony bites his lip, teeth digging in hard, in order to stop something either desperately needy or gushingly romantic from spilling out.
He looks like he’s about to argue, and Tony honestly wishes he would, he wants the fight, but in the end the other man remains silent.
.  It’s ridiculous that I, of all people, am offering this advice, but be a little more patient.”
Steve smiles softly, this look in his eyes like maybe he actually hadn’t known that, like maybe he thought there had really been a time when Tony hadn’t adored every inch of his being.
“Agent Barton mentioned the lady in passing as a possible alien invader – and yes, I did realize he was joking –” Steve cuts Tony off before he can interject.   “And Agent Romanoff provided the iPod-”
Maybe it’s just the sharing of intimate details, but suddenly he feels like he and Tony are standing too close.  He takes a few steps away, coughing to clear his throat.
of us, that matters to
“If Sergeant Barnes is in fact alive, I take it he’s been recovered?”  It’s strange how formal and strong his voice is coming out.  He’s not sure how he’s faking it.
hardly seems polite. I’ll have to talk to the PAs about the proper way to fetch the talent.” Tony’s laugh is weak. He runs a hand through his hair, and Steve unconsciously mirrors him, rubbing the back of his own head.
Tony takes his hand again and Steve’s pretty sure that at this moment, he’d follow Tony anywhere.
“Remember when the roof caved in at St. John’s?”
“I’m going for a run.  Do you want to join me or not?”  Steve bluntly asks after the awkwardness stretches on too long and he’s faced with either standing here and staring at his own sneakers, or leaving.
.    He exits into the lobby first despite it being ungentlemanly, but he can’t stop himself from holding the door open for Natasha as they head outside.
“And you seem unaware that three months in my world is nearly an eon when scandal is concerned,” he retorts airily as he and Steve approach the box office.  Tickets are waiting for him at Will Call.
“I understand the rabbit hole reference?” Steve offers helpfully.  Tony laughs and drags him over to roulette, telling Steve to pick his number.
He takes a step backward, leading down the hall toward the bathroom. Steve smiles and lets himself be pulled.
?”  Natasha’s off and running as the truth of the situation hits Tony like a freight train.  It’s too late though.
“Hey, not all bad guys are guys.”
“Miss Potts.  This is a lovely surprise.” Steve lets Pepper keep her arm around his waist, her side pressed close to his.  “You, uh, you look very nice as well.  I mean, you always do.”
It’s a pointed action, Steve’s dedication to watching the film clearly a deliberate move on his part to keep Tony at a distance. There will be no shared laughter tonight, nor any whispered judgements or witty comments. Even during the climatic shootout, Steve reacts flatly, giving nothing away.
There’s a sound, soft and unintelligible, and then everything drifts away.  He clings desperately to consciousness, struggling to just
.” Steve tries to admonish her, but his blush and his sheepish smile undermine any kind of stern authority he's trying to project. She bends down beside him and adjusts the line of the pants by pulling at one of the ankle cuffs waiting to be hemmed.
“Not an invalid, Buck, I can feed myself.”
In ’45 when Steve got back from the war, this place was already shifting from a local cop bar for the L.A. County Sheriffs to a hangout for less important players in the Hollywood game. It was near empty on weekdays, and on Friday and Saturday nights the clientele was strictly below the line. But with Tom Breneman’s turning monster business just a stone's throw away on Vine near Sunset, over the years the faces of this crowd have slowly shifted as people wandered further on down the road.
Steve’s been pushing himself hard enough that his flannel shirt came off long ago and his white undershirt now clings to his skin, damp with sweat. He picks up his over shirt from where it’s hanging on a rack of C-stands and contemplates throwing it back on before going outside. No one expects workmen to be dressed prim and proper, but he
He’s always been a visual person, so Steve supposes it makes sense, but there’s something different about how much he’s turned on by watching Bucky. It’s something different from when he’s with Tony. It’s like he’s partially outside himself, observing with interest the sight of two lifelong best friends becoming lovers.
“I was just making sure he understood!”
“So, should we –” Steve gestures toward the nearest set of armchairs, about to ask Tony to sit down, when Tony steps toward the door and gestures outside.
“You don’t seem to understand how dangerous this man is.  He could turn on any of us in the blink of an eye and we’d be helpless to stop him.  We’re talking about a master assassin not in control of his mental faculties.”
Tony stops under the arch, the white stone basking in the glow from the floodlights at its base.  Steve gazes up at it and then down the Fifth Avenue thoroughfare back in the direction of Union Square.  He’d never been able to see the Arc de Triomphe or the Champs-Élysées while in Europe, having crashed into the Artic before Paris was liberated from Nazi control, but he always imagined that it’d just feel like a needlessly bigger version of this.
“About last night.” Steve glances at him then, and Tony can see the worry written plainly all over his face. “Is it that you admitted you love Bucky that has you so concerned, that Bucky loves you, or that we came all over each other while talking about how much you wanted to be taken to bed by someone else?”
“I would have come in and shot some pick-ups when Wanda did.”
kissed
“And what items from storage?”
“You wanna talk about it?” Tony lifts his other hand to rub Steve’s shoulder.
“What do you mean?”
Tony glances at him and must mistake something on his face for dismay, when really, it’s that he’s catching up. What just happened between them almost feels like an out of body experience.
He hadn't even said good-bye. No promised phone call. No explanation. No kind parting words to soften the blow. Tony knew if he saw Steve's beautiful smile, heard Steve's rich, lovely voice, or let those strong arms wrap around him one more time, he wouldn't be able to do it. The only option was to cut Steve off. Cut him out.
“You and Steve and Bucky, you mean.” Pepper corrects. “When you loan out your boyfriend like a library book—“
“Sure, that’s fine.” Bucky rolls over the top of the bag; the paper crumples satisfyingly in his fist. He forces a smile for Steve’s benefit and repeats the lie to himself, as if saying it one more time will make it stick.
They all power down their tools hurriedly, however, perhaps realizing their hungry stomachs haven’t forgotten the hour. He watches idly, not that hungry himself, as everyone heads outdoors, eager to get some fresh air.
He hasn’t been to a game in years, maybe even a decade, but he’s pretty sure there must be a better way to get to their suite than this.  Down here in the throng of be-jerseyed misanthropes, the yeasty smell of beer and soft pretzels is overwhelming and awful.  He maneuvers Steve to the escalator, not noticing until halfway up their ascent that his grip is white knuckled on the hard black plastic bannister.  He tries to let go but finds he can’t until they reach the top and it disappears from under his hand as the escalator cycles down and he’s pressed forward against his will.
“Sexuality pack…” Tony trails off, utterly bewildered, and starts walking again.  “I don’t even want to know.  No, strike that, yes I do.  There were
He tilts his head upward and meets Steve’s heated gaze.
“I can find my way out, Miss Potts, no need to go to such trouble,” Steve says so very courteously and Pepper reaches over, puts a comforting hand on his forearm.
“She’s quite a dame.”  Bucky claps a hand to Clint’s knee.  Steve was right about the two of them – they get along swell.  He’s glad he’s not the only pal Bucky has now, ‘cause he’s sure he’s probably not enough.  “Maybe you should take her out.”
Tony ducks behind the bar to make himself a Manhattan. It’s not something he usually drinks, but since it requires a bit more time to make than guzzling scotch straight from the bottle – which is what he really wants to do – he figures it’s a good call.
"And I'm beginning to like you less and less with every passing day."
Pepper knows that as a kid he used to have Captain America figurines, that Cap was his childhood hero; she doesn’t know that the toys were rare personal gifts from his father, or that on the occasional, special nights that his dad was home and
“Actually…
mixed in with classics like
“Um...yes?” Steve's brow furrows and he stops in the middle of tying his shoelace. “Natasha too. You never told me I couldn't or shouldn't.”
“They’re all very nice folks.  But they ain’t you.”
“I have no clue. I don’t know anything about Anthony Stark. I barely even knew his father.”
“We’re going to SHIELD HQ.  Fury’s called us in.  The rest of the gang’s already there, they’re waitin’ on us.  I oh-so-luckily got the task of corralling the wayward Cap.”  Tony glances at Steve finally, looking him up and down.  His nose wrinkles.  “You smell, by the way.”
He is disappointed as well.
“You’re here now.” It’s as simple as he can put it.  All that other stuff doesn’t matter.  No matter what happens next, Bucky is still Bucky.  They’ll strip the rest away like the garbage that it is; somehow give Bucky back his life.  He doesn’t know how they’ll do it but he has faith they’ll figure out a way.   “We’re both here.”
“Was that anything good?” Tony asks, gesturing to her ears, attempting to distract her from Clint.
He shoves the ragged piece of paper back into his jeans and slips his work glove back on his hand.
“And you do what you’re told.”
“Bucky. Me and you, and me and Tony…those situations couldn’t be more different. It’s not fair to compare.”
.” He’d refused to give Tony an explanation when he’d tossed him the stuffed toy, telling the man to figure it out himself.  Tony was the first person he’d thought of when he saw the crazy blue Muppet shooting himself out of a cannon.  When he’d agreed to make
She smiles weakly before lifting on tiptoe to place a soft kiss against his cheek.  There are tears in her eyes when she steps back.
“He’s been with him all day.  They’re…reliving old memories.”
“Any news?”  She asks, breathless, as she holds out black sweats and a pair of running sneakers to Steve.  She double takes at Steve typing out code fast and furiously.
“Happy, you don’t mind if I sit back here just this once, do you? It’s not, I don’t mean—” Steve starts then stops, hand gripping the edge of the car door tightly. Happy looks at Steve for only a moment and nods quickly, unaffronted and understanding. Steve clearly isn’t up for friendly conversation tonight.
“You haven’t seen that yet?  I thought you had.”
“Don’t have to tell me.”
“So what’s the occasion?”  Tony eyes the pizza as he takes a sip of his drink, pondering how much of a victory Steve would make of it if he helped himself.  It smells wonderful and he hasn’t eaten in…well, he can’t actually remember how long it’s been.  Long enough for his stomach to stop growling and give up hope of nourishment.  He swallows his pride and takes a slice.
“Oh, crap, he’s going King Kong,” Clint announces as the Hulk smashes the glass and starts climbing outside, heading toward the top of the tower.
*******
“Exactly.  And I could sell ice to an Eskimo.  I could talk him into seeing you, if I had the chance.”
“Sets look right, at least. Your boys made good on that.” Tony nudges his foot against Steve’s subtly, and lowers his voice. “And you…you’re looking like something else in the dailies.”
“Where the hell did you come from?”  Tony looks around, startled.  Clint just winks at him and leans forward to help himself to a handful of popcorn.  Sam and Thor enter the room shortly after, far more obvious and loud.  Even when Thor tries to tone it down, it’s easy to hear the man coming.
“Well.”  Steve starts, shifting slightly and glancing down toward the floor.  “Then I guess I better make sure to bring these with us when we go.”  He moves the razor and shaving cream carefully off to the side of the counter.
“Well, you’re hardly in the position to do that anymore.” Bucky winces at his own cruelty, wishing he could take it back. He’d never criticized Steve for his slight stature, his slim frame. Teased, maybe, but he’d been the only one growing up besides Steve’s ma who saw beyond his physical limitations, who saw his real potential.
Someone works past them in the crowd, weaving their way down the train car and handing out flyers for the next March against Monsanto in Union Square.  Steve takes one, but Tony doesn’t look enthused.
“Start yours, Tony won’t be happy if he lugged that thing home for no reason.”
His own dick is so hard it’s nearly painful, yet it’s almost easy to ignore it.
“Don’t appreciate your silence here, Tony.”  Steve presses, and a brief smirk breaks Tony’s stoic mask.
Tony doesn’t say anything once they’re alone.
Nevertheless, here he is, nerves ragged as that car climbs slowly up the hill. Only a few more minutes until he's face-to-face with Steve for the first time since that horrible encounter at Jan's.
It’s quite possibly the most selfish thing he has
“Thor’s brother.”  Natasha intones flatly.  “He calls himself L and he does these…tricks, or whatever.”
He wants nothing more than to open his eyes and see Tony there.  It has to be Tony, because even though he has no idea where he is, he feels safe.
“Eh.”  He shrugs instead, pretending not to care.  He’s unable to keep himself from smiling at Bucky’s mock indignation.  They both chuckle and Bucky picks up Steve’s carving knife, handing it to him handle first.
“I don’t…”
you that he put his sticky, grubby hands on the lamps after I’d told him not to. I can’t be blamed when your smart aleck mini-Stark doesn’t do what he’s told.”
“Except I’d like to. Seriously – slip a note under the trailer door when you decide what you’d like, I’ll stop on the way and pick up the ingredients. It’ll be nice. Just let me know the proper address and what time I should show up.”
“Should I ever tell him?  That I met her?”  The jazz band winds down their lengthy jam and the bar becomes less loud by half.
Leaving his mess of bags scattered across the living room, Tony grabs a couple bottles of something or other and then bends to kiss Steve on the forehead.
“What, you can use Extremis to track the GPS on my phone or something?”
Tony sits down at his desk and lays his palms flat on its cool surface. He wills himself to calm, his arousal to abate. But just shifting in his chair feels like too much, the fabric of his pants brushing against his skin nigh unbearable.
“I see…” Thor nods sagely, though his eyes are still muddled with confusion.
– yet Steve’s the one who really can't shake it, the one who is haunted, disturbed.
,” Tony spits, shoving Fury hard one last time and then letting go.  He paces to the other end of the room.  Fury straightens his clothes and looks at Bruce as if he expects Bruce to be more receptive of whatever spiel he’s about to spin off.
Tony takes a step toward him, tilting his head and biting his bottom lip.
Across the party, Tony is charming his way through the crowd like this is what he was born to do.
Tony turns, gestures back toward the party.  Behind the large floor to ceiling windows, it’s easy to see everything playing out in tableaux before them.  Steve searches the crowd for their friends.  Bucky and Natasha are at the bar, drinking their way through a bottle of vodka.  Nat’s smiling, for once not hiding her happiness.  Bucky’s gaze never leaves her face.
When Steve doesn’t reply, Tony’s attitude sobers quickly. Free of all the packages, he pauses to take stock of the room. Bucky pulls his hand away from Steve’s back, untangles his fingers from Steve’s hair. The fact that he hadn’t thought to do so until Tony is
Tony pulls Steve close, nuzzling his face against his soft, golden hair and breathing in his warm, comforting smell. It’s a mix of his Castile soap and the sandalwood of his Kiehl’s shampoo, Barbasol shaving cream and a faint splash of fading Blenheim cologne, and something underneath it all that’s distinctly Steve.
“Is he going to be okay?”  Betty crouches down beside Bruce, brushing his messy hair from his face.  He doesn’t stir.
“Tony and Steve are leaving Brooklyn.”
craptastic curveball in the shape of his not-so-dead not-so-sane assassin super spy best friend.”
But hopefully Steve will have gotten the message by then, and he'll let this once-wonderful thing between them die its painful, quiet death. Steve is stubborn, and Tony's only real hope is that Steve's anger and hurt will outweigh his determination.
“Bucky would never have done that because he
“Sorry.  That’s probably not what you want to hear right now.”
“Rogers, wait a second.” Sam’s hand lands firmly on his shoulder, and Steve begrudgingly stops and turns around. “Steve, seriously – you all right? 'Cause you don’t look all right.”
“I wish I had too.” Tony replies, caught off guard by the surprising ache that fills his chest.  Barnes sounds as destroyed as he feels.  “But have you ever tried keeping that guy away from a fight?”
—accurately, I might add—that for the past month and a half you’ve been looking at me like you want to throw me off this rooftop, and you’ve been looking at Steve like you need him as much as you need the air to breathe.”
“Fuck.” Bucky mutters, shaking his head. That one really was an accident.
Steve doesn’t call after him or ask him to stay.  He doesn’t return the next day and Steve thinks maybe things have finally changed, but the day after that, Tony’s back.  He brings his own work and camps out all day long.
when he’s sad for Steve.
.  The man’s fighting some kind of mental programming that we’ve only begun to understand.”
He settles into a booth and waits for Steve to stop talking about the good old days with the geezer at the counter, and come back and join him in the real world.  He suddenly feels annoyed and perplexed, the blurred events of the last few days starting to become clear.  And the facts are these:
New York stopped being the seat of power for the film industry twenty years ago; the days of Zukor and Loew are done. Tony’s just some hotshot outsider blowing into town thinking he can make movies; these guys want his bank, but at the same time they also don’t want him to succeed. They need the cash because they’re being forced to divest their exhibition arms, while for the same reason they’re weaker than ever and looking to circle the wagons, stop others from chipping away at the system they’ve built.
“I’m willing to try. If he is, that is. And if you’re willing to be patient. It’s not gonna be smooth sailing.”
“Can we…I can’t do this in here.” Tony glances toward the bed. “Your friends are probably outside listening and I have things I need to say –” He lowers his voice to a near whisper and closes the space between them again. “ – and all I can think about is spreading you over that mattress and kissing my way up your body.”
“Lovely to see you again, Mr. Stark.” His accent sounds like Falsworth’s, but not quite. In any other circumstance, Steve might have introduced himself and asked him where he once called home, but Steve’s out of place here, and its feels safer to stay silent.
“Yeah…well…thanks.”
“You and Susan Storm. I would’ve asked you last night, but you weren’t exactly up for talking.”
Steve doesn't reply. Tony pushes on.
“Tony?”  He must really break Steve’s concentration because his shield drops, allowing a blast to catch him right in the stomach.  Tony winces, waiting until he sees Steve shake it off before saying anything more.
have a few minutes, after all. Five, they said?”
“It’s best not to let what others think of you define who you are,” he states, pushing back from the counter.  Tony knows Steve means the people who dolled him up and trekked him out as a one trick pony to sell those war bonds, but for a second he thinks Steve’s talking about him and his own views on the Captain.   Suddenly Steve’s all polite again, shield up, armor on.  “Thank you very much for breakfast, Stark.  Probably best I get going now.  I’m sure that you have more important things to do with your time than entertain me.”
He’s fine with having an aesthetic appreciation for anyone beautiful, but thinking about Steve within a sensual, physical framework sets off warning signals in every quadrant of his brain.  He’s reckless and all, but letting sexual attraction pile on the already towering heap of conflicting emotions he has for this guy would be beyond willfully dumb.  He can’t afford to think that way.
*******
“I suppose it does.”  Natasha opens a panel on the wall that Tony hadn’t even noticed, and hits a button.  Part of the wall slides right, revealing a viewing window into Barnes’ cell.
He never misses a shot.
But Tony doesn’t want to focus on that now. Right now is for good thoughts, like his best friend finally hand-in-hand with the girl of his dreams, smiling widely like he couldn’t even help himself if he tried.
Steve supposes he should be happy; he’d wanted Bucky and Natasha to get back together, and maybe that’s what's happening. He shouldn’t complain. But even as he makes up excuses for Bucky’s behavior, he knows they’re just that—excuses.
Instinctively Tony lifts his hands from Steve’s shoulders, creating what space he can between them when they’re literally still wrapped around each other.  He doesn’t want to let go, but he can feel embarrassment and confusion practically radiating from Steve.
“No.” Steve reminds himself aloud, shaking his head sharply to derail that train of thought. These morning jaunts are supposed to give him the time to get it together every morning, to get his mind clear and focused – not lost in the muck of the past. He turns and directs himself toward home, purposefully choosing not to give in to the cowardly voice inside that tells him to hide.
“I'm not trying to court you, Tony, I was just trying to tell you something nice about yourself." Considering the slightly romantic bent of his thoughts over the past few minutes, the conversation is becoming uncomfortable.  Steve looks at the windows of the townhouses lining the opposite side of the street, focusing on the hundreds-year-old architecture just to still his racing thoughts.
“You don’t
“Everyone smoked back then, we didn’t know what you know
“You’ve said it.  You don’t seem to know if you mean it.”
asking you a favor.”  She repeats his words, folding her arms over her chest and staring at him blankly, waiting for him to realize the implications.  Natasha Romanoff doesn’t ask for favors, much less of Tony Stark.  “Just be decent and do this.”
It’s ridiculous that even as he and Steve are rutting together, Steve actually blushes.   Tony captures Steve’s mouth, the kiss graceless and eager and totally desperate.  He licks his way inside and draws Steve’s tongue out against his own.   Steve groans quietly, hips arching in an aborted thrust.  Tony whispers an encouragement, not wanting Steve to hold back.
“No.  They fought about Steve.”  Tony shuts down the memory quickly.  That’s what happens when the door gets open; anything can come out.  He points to his empty glass and is poured another.  Pepper picks up her martini and stirs the clear liquid with her spear of olives, being carefully silent.  He’s pretty much answered his own question as to whether or not he should tell Steve.  “So I’ll just keep that lovely little story to myself then.”
“My hair and clothes don’t quite match up with the previous scene.”
“Planning to make yourself a droid, young Skywalker?”
“You have to go, you have to go.” Tony drops his underwear back to the ground and backs out of the doorway. He disappears into the dressing room.
“Miss Potts seems a pretty remarkable dame.”
“That’s okay.”
“I’m sorry, I think that’s my fault,” Steve apologizes even though he knows it would irk Natasha to no end to hear him do it.  “I know the two of you were friends at one point, but she’s not so happy with Tony right now, and I-“
He’s no danger to Tony and Steve. He’s seen the way Steve looks at Tony, and Tony has too. They both know he doesn’t stand a chance.
“I’m sorry, Captain, but it is.”  Fury doesn’t really sound all that sorry.  “James Barnes was brainwashed by General Lukin’s team of scientists and trained up as Russia’s favorite secret weapon.  They only brought him out for special occasions-“
“Where the hell are you?” Bucky demands immediately. His voice is rough and agitated, his words coming out in a near growl. “What were you thinking with this?”
. Come on. This is me you’re talking to, remember?”
That makes it all the more surprising when Saturday night rolls around and Steve walks into the workshop with a box from Ray’s, a bottle of scotch, two glasses, and no other companions.  If Steve is trying to catch him off guard, he’s done so with aplomb.
, Tony.  And you’re one of the least selfish people I know.”
Pepper’s knowing smile leaves him ruffled. There are three people who are permanently in his life who know that while he’s enjoyed the attentions of many women in the past, he frequently prefers the company of men. His chauffeur, Happy, knows by necessity. His best friend, James Rhodes, knows because once in an ill-advised drunken moment, Tony had laid one on him. Pepper knows because she understands him. He couldn’t love her the way she’d wanted, and she’d guessed why; he hadn’t even had to tell her.
“And Bucky knows what he’s talking about?” Natasha’s amused chuckle is throaty and deep. Her low voice has always been more of a cat’s purr than a birdsong. “I know Bucky’s opinion matters the most to you of anyone’s, but you’ve never had a problem forming opinions of your own, Rogers. What did you think of Tony Stark when you met him? Anything like his father?”
Not thinking, Bucky starts running his hand soothingly through Steve’s sweat-damp hair, pushing the wet strands back from his glistening forehead. Steve’s closing his eyes, and Bucky can
, was the latest big hit for Universal.
“We’ll talk,” Tony repeats.  He looks back at the holo, waiting until her footsteps recede and the door closes before brushing the tears from his eyes and getting back to work.
“I only need to borrow Steve for a minute.” He assures Bucky, since Bucky’s the one still staring at him.
“Eh, I don’t think I’ve quite hit that mark yet. Give me a few years, though, I’ll see how crazy I can go.”
“I know that.  All my Captain America toys are in storage at the old place on Park.”
“You’ve made it perfectly clear that you’re done with …with me, or whatever it was that we were.” Steve’s voice echoes back hollowly in the large space. Tony stares at Steve’s broad back, not missing the way his shoulders hunch for one brief telling moment before he squares them again and turns around with his jaw clenched, arms folding over his chest. “I’d prefer it if you didn’t extend this evening needlessly with insincere hospitality. Make your point.”
But it wasn’t the end of the line.  Bucky – in that moment, he felt like the name, perhaps even like the man – grabbed onto Steve Rogers’ shoulder and held on tight.  On the riverbank now, he stares down at the man that he has saved and he can only feel terror, dismay.
Steve Rogers stopped following him two days back, and now in a twist of fate he finds himself following Steve Rogers.
*******
Steve grins good-naturedly, shaking his head and rubbing the back of his neck.
“A gal doesn’t fly all the way in from New York to
The disbelieving question reverberates in his mind, over and over and over.  The man on the bridge, the blond man with that defiant set to his chiseled jaw that seemed oh-so-familiar, the blond man with the red, white and blue shield and the punch that would dent metal…
“Here is Bruce!” Thor waves out the window, gesturing for Bruce to come inside.  Clint opens his mouth to try and withdraw his acquiesce, but Natasha smirks at him.
Tony stares at them all over the rim of his coffee cup, pausing mid-sip.
“This is not a game for me, Bucky, I assure you.” Tony tries to sound as sincere as he can, which can be hard when people automatically tend to read sarcasm or facetiousness into everything he says. Being a glib and snarky asshole most of his life has its cost.
“Take a seat.” Tony gestures to the six rows of lush red velvet seating of the small home theater as he turns back to find Steve just walking through the door. He pauses at the threshold, momentarily taken aback.
“Eh-eh,” Tony holds up a finger to cut him off as Happy picks up. “Happy, my good man! I knew you’d be there. Can you come around for Steve, please? Thanks, pal.” Tony drops his hand. “He’ll be here shortly, soon as he wraps up that hand of poker he’s playing with the night watchman—though he’ll deny that to his grave, let me tell ya. Sorry, were you saying something?”
, Steve. He was.” Tony winces, because if Steve really hadn’t heard Bucky’s confession out on the balcony, that wasn’t really his secret to tell.
Sure enough, he feels Steve’s heartbeat pick up immediately, like a frantic bird trying to escape an unwanted cage. Steve sucks in a sharp breath but pauses before replying, evidently trying to do what Tony asked, and not jump to any conclusions about where Tony’s going with this.
“Okay then.”  Tony agrees.  “No.”
“Man says rooms there used to go for five dollars back in his day, you believe that? Five dollars.  I told him how much they are now and he nearly fainted.”  Sam claps a large hand on Steve’s shoulder and leaves it there, his smile loose and easy.
He stands up, needing to kiss Steve again, needing to kiss him always.
“He does.” Steve nods slowly, while his mind races a mile a minute trying to figure out what his next move is here. Bucky takes a step toward him. “I was…I was planning on talking to you about this. I mean, he wants us to talk about this and…”
nice to look at.  Not bad company either.”
Steve Rogers who worked for your father.” Rhodey’s eyebrows are somewhere up along his hairline.
He opens his trailer door and looks to the floor expectantly, but there’s no note there. He steps all the way inside, glancing about to see if the paper had slid out of view, but he finds nothing. He ducks back outside, checking the ground. Perhaps it stuck to the bottom of the door and fell to the pavement below, or maybe caught on the metal grating of the stairs.
“I understand that the situation
Steve braces himself for the familiar reaction.
Sure enough, Bruce is back in human form and out like a light, sprawled on the deck in what’s left of his pants.
He has to admit he feels a little dumb for not realizing this sooner, he could’ve found Steve days ago if he’d been thinking along the right lines.  Instead, he’d been hoping to trace Steve’s cell signal or that his SHIELD-issued credit card would ping.  He’s lucky that Steve crossed a toll bridge with a cam and the facial recognition program Tony had piggybacked onto the government database picked it up.  Thank god Big Brother’s good for something.
He doesn’t know how long he and Bucky hold onto one another but it’s not near long enough.
“If that’s what they’re after, they’re wasting their time.  The serum can’t be replicated.”
he stops to think about it, that this man is his.
“Tony?” Steve gathers him up in his arms and holds him still.  “Put on the suit.”
He’d been resting his head on his hand, elbow propped on his desk. In his scramble to answer, his elbow slips and he falls nearly face forward against the hard mahogany with an inelegant
“About what happened on the helicarrier-“
“Fuck, Steve.” Tony buries his face against Steve’s neck, his free hand twining with both of Steve’s over Steve’s chest. His other hand keeps stroking Steve inside his boxers as their bodies writhe like two over eager teenagers discovering what it’s like to rub off against someone for the first time.
Steve tenses at the sight of his smirk.
He and Tony have been behaving much the same, except both of them know their outings are more than outings now.  Occasionally they kiss, occasionally they do more than kiss, and occasionally they fall asleep in one another’s bedrooms, but neither of them has ever forced a conversation about defining what it is that they’re doing.
It barely gets through one ring before Bucky answers.
“But you love him.”
It should have been obvious that taking Thor to see Shakespeare in the Park at the Delacorte would end in some kind of disaster.  That the performance was
Natasha stares at him as if daring him to say anything more.
Steve withdraws from Tony, taking a few steps down the row toward the exit. He hesitates slightly at the aisle, turning back as if he’s going to say something. Tony bites back the words on the tip of his tongue, forcing himself to stay silent until Steve speaks his piece. In the end, though, Steve only shakes his head and walks out.
“Hasn’t had a fever in three days.” Tony smiles, relieved.
rushing around him, pushing and dragging him into what irrevocably
“Ok, Happy.”  Tony says quietly, tapping the headrest of the seat in front of him gently.  The driver nods, his reply a gentle ease on the gas.  Apparently he must be looped in on the direness of whatever is occurring, because he remains quiet and slowly heads for the western edge of the park, then turns southward without instruction.
Clint spends the majority of the car ride alternating between iterations of “I love you, man,” and “You’re a good guy, Steve,” occasionally reaching out a hand and pinching him on the cheek like someone’s soused grandmother.  Natasha leans her head against the window and closes her eyes, a faint smile on her face.
“Iron Man, at this point it’s more about finding survivors and figuring out what happened than winning the fight.  This fight’s finished.  We’ll cover more ground if we separate.  That’s an order.” Steve moves too quickly, disappearing into the smoke.  Tony can’t see worth shit.
“I…” Tony hedges, slightly ashamed as he thinks back on this morning’s conversation. “I may have been a little too…
if—” Tony breaks off haltingly, a torrent of terrible headlines tumbling through his head. “He’s right, you would never get hired in this town again. That’s just—”
Bucky reluctantly pulls off of Steve’s dick, wiping his lips and leaning away when Steve doesn’t lie fully back down on the bed.  Instead, Steve keeps himself propped up on his elbows and watches, looking down the length of his body to where Tony is buried between his legs. His hips thrust toward Tony’s face and Tony takes it, enthralled by pushing the boundaries of Steve’s self-control.  He lifts Steve’s legs up over his shoulders and delves his tongue even deeper into Steve’s body.
“Christ, Tony, be gentle with my girl.” Rhodey pats
“His intel has been vital on these missions concerning Zola.  He’s been cleared for duty for two weeks now.”
“We’re just way too happy and way too in love.  We’re not very New York.”
Steve glances off set, locating Tony almost immediately. He’d only arrived an hour previously, right on time for his daily check-in on his big investment, and it’s unfortunately been nothing but chaos since. His look goes unnoticed, as Tony is pulled into discussion with an exasperated Erik Lensherr and the cinematographer, Bruce Banner. Bruce is as rumpled and stressed as ever, Lensherr is positively apoplectic, and Tony is grimacing at them both. He looks worn-out, some of the usual mischievousness drained away from his countenance, but Steve’s heart still skips at the sight of him.
Bucky grabs the container back and sets it on the coffee table, ignoring the spill. Steve is too wracked to protest. By force of habit, Bucky quickly hands Steve a tissue and then moves half behind him; he leans Steve forward, rubbing his back as he weakly tries to retch phlegm from his chest and throat.
Steve sighs, feeling guilty for causing concern. He should have stayed at home rather than ruin Sam’s night with unnecessary worry.
“But it could be.”
Steve is oblivious to the rest of the world, caught up in his drawing. There’s a furrow of concentration in his brow, his bottom lip worried between his teeth, and a dark smudge of graphite along the side of his hand. He’s probably drawing Tony.
corny joke about it being your birthday yet I’m the one who’s getting a gift.”
“If you say so.”
“Oh, no, of course not.  That’s not- I mean, you’re more than welcome.” Steve hurries to assure her and Tony has to grin at his awkwardness.  He’d question how Steve ever bagged Peggy Carter with such an amazing lack of skill but he knows the effect it’s having on him and he figures he’s as immune to adorability as they come, so Peggy probably never stood a chance.
Steve nods, glancing down at his feet.  Tony lifts the hand that was on his shoulder and puts a finger underneath Steve’s chin, tilting his head back up.
He looks
“Christ, Tony.”  Steve taking the Lord’s name in vain is a first; he seems shaken, his eyes lingering over the remains of the Mark VIII.  “You all could’ve been-“
Tony looks to Bucky, expecting the other man’s gaze to be still locked on Steve, yet he finds himself staring right into Bucky’s blue-grey eyes.  There’s a warm fondness there, a spark of desire, and something dark that’s always lurking in Bucky’s countenance – even when he looks at Steve. Tony has come to think of it as a razor’s edge, a sharpness that people like him and Bucky have because they’ve done the kind of terrible things one can never take back.
With so many people with such large personalities crammed into such a small space, Steve barely has cause to interact with Tony until the plates are long cleared, and he carefully avoids the looks that Tony is sending his way.  Conversation is kept light and unfocused, sometimes diverging into separate conversations or sometimes meshing all together in one mess of chatter.  The most he and Tony exchange is a request to pass the grated cheese.  Darcy had been right about the stuff being delicious.
“Sir, there appears to be no one at the residence except for the custodial staff on the public floors of the tower.”
Bucky tosses the cap into the air and snatches it open palmed, holding his beer tightly with the metal prosthesis that serves as his other hand. With his thumb he sharply flicks the cap in Steve’s direction, his aim impeccable as always. Steve deflects it easily toward the threadbare throw rug. It rolls down onto the worn hardwood floor with a metallic rattle.
…a real, romantic relationship…”
. “I am no man’s.”
filling his vision.  The helicopter is all he can see; it’s the only thing that matters.
He nods, locking into Steve’s intense gaze, trying to tell him just how much this will mean to him.  It means everything.
Tony waits, feeling so strangely out of his element. He’s tempted to either interrupt with some rude comment or witty observation, or to leave all together.  When Bucky suggested that Tony show up this evening and help show Steve a good time, Tony had figured on a more formal
The familiarity is a bit forced, still half an act and half real, but Steve’s sure they’ll eventually manage to fix this.  Stop trying and just be.
“It’s just one project.  Doesn’t mean it’ll affect you and Nat, doesn’t mean it will affect me and my crew.”
.” Fury repeats, like they’re supposed to understand what he means.
Pepper gets up and stands over him, crossing her arms over her chest and looking down at him with disappointment like a scornful schoolteacher would a misbehaving student.
“Natasha,” He sighs, making a face.  “But Bucky’s the one who told me to look in the drawer if this ever happened, so…”
“We broke the sink
“Stark, did you get him a pony?  Please tell me you got him a pony.”
“I forgot.  I do know a decent place to eat around here.”
They lean in toward each other, but before their lips meet, Natasha punches the button to close the window.
“Gray’s Papaya is better,” Tony comments, wiping ketchup from his lips, but Steve doesn’t really care if Gray’s is better or not.  They can keep their recession specials; he’ll take the Coney Island boardwalk any day.  “I’m glad we already did the Cyclone, I don’t think I’d enjoy it after this.”
“No way, Cap.  No uniform, no shield, you’re sticking with me.”
, this long-lost brother.  So this douche, who’s pissed about his crappy childhood and pissed about being lied to and generally pissed about everything a person can be pissed about, he basically takes his brother hostage and they hit the road.”
Except Steve Rogers.
“It looks good, doesn’t it.”
“Well then give me something to go on.”  Steve demands, his usual patience non-existent.  If Tony can’t spit out an explanation for why things have gone so wrong, he doesn’t know what they’re doing here.  Tony frowns, crossing his arms over his chest, running a hand over his goatee.
“We’re not enemies.” Tony replies simply, then drinks slowly, gauging him over the rim of the glass.
“You were saying something about plans, Steve?” Bucky mutters, tossing the wad of shirts to the floor at his feet. He pushes up from the bed and stalks out, bumping Tony’s shoulder as he goes. Tony tries and fails to conceal a wince.
“That’s more like it, darling.” Jan's hand playfully curves over his hip, her manicured fingernails raking just a little too low to be wholly innocent. She circles around him and tugs lightly at the fabric covering his backside. “It's such a pleasure to dress a man with a real nice behind.”
“Doesn’t change the fact that it did.”
“Shit,” he instinctively turns to head back to set, but stops himself two steps from his trailer. Where is he going to go? Who could he ask? He doesn’t even have Tony’s home phone number—for
on the bar top. A slightly blurry photograph of him and Jan getting coffee at the studio café is above the fold, under the headline:
“Oh, yeah, that’s right,” Tony slumps.  “How about we try anyway.”
something urgent and needy clawing at the edges of his mind, even though he takes his time and fucks Steve long and hard. He focuses on Steve’s pleasure, triumphant when Steve starts breathlessly begging to come. It’s always rare that Steve loses his inhibitions enough to be downright noisy, but he’s panting and whimpering and crying out now like he simply can’t hold it in.
“So, you know, push any necessary meetings back, cancel the unnecessary ones, and I know doing this isn’t exactly your job anymore per se, but can you rush some decent Steve-sized clothes to the house in Aspen?  I figure we can make it there by tomorrow night and I, personally, don’t want to be seen hanging out with the Cap dressed in OSU wear I bought at Walgreens any longer than I have to.”
“Also helped that I was half the size of everyone else.  I see now why you were friends with me, Buck.”  The teasing comes naturally and it’s that very ease that makes Steve suddenly tentative and uncomfortable.  It’s so natural to slip back into but that’s not who he and Bucky are anymore.
you remember?” Bucky asks.
He manages to pry open his eyes, mostly because of the tears welling and spilling out, but everything’s blurry and bright, his vision obscured.  There’s something shining directly into his face.
“Uh, yes. I believe everyone knows that.”
“Worked the Food Bank all day up in the Bronx with Sam…  I stopped off on the way home and got some of the rugelach from Lee Lee’s that you like.  It’s…” Steve yawns.  “It’s in my bedroom, though, so Clint doesn’t eat it all.”
“Yeah, let’s watch that.”  The channel switches without Tony moving a muscle.  “You seen this yet, Steve?  You’ll like it.”  He settles back against the cushions and Steve sits up.  He wants to sputter about the remote, but he can’t find the right words to ask why Tony had to get so needlessly close if JARVIS could control the television that whole time.  “What?”  Tony asks him, taking in the look on his face and acting at a loss as to what it’s about.
“Good to hear your voice, JARVIS.”
“Don’t take your shit out on me, Barnes.” Natasha snaps back, her voice moving further away from the bedroom. “Just wake him up if you’re so damn worried. I’m going to go call Sam and let him know Steve’s been found.”
Surprisingly, it’s Pepper who interjects.
Tony could press that to his advantage, and maybe he would have, if a flash of light hadn’t jarred him and distracted him for a moment just long enough for Steve to pause for breath.
“And since you haven’t taken your eyes off of him all night long, I’d venture to say you’re both on the same page, just in different editions.”
Tony and Steve look back to each other at the same time and Steve can’t help but join him when Tony bursts out laughing again.
There is a scar on the back of his neck, just below his hairline, from a pair of scissors. He can feel the raised flesh under the pads of his fingers. The doctor noted that his younger sister, at the age of four, had attempted to give him a haircut and stitches were the result.
“That you are.”  He agrees.  He signals the bartender and orders Pepper a martini with three olives and another shot of tequila for himself.  Tony watches Pepper’s reflection in the mirrored wall behind the bar, tries to imagine what his life would be like without her.  He doesn’t want to consider it.
“You’re still alive,” Tony points out, but Steve doesn’t reply.  Tony sighs and drums his fingers against the edge of his plate, then drops an elbow to the counter, resting his head against his hand.  He tries to switch back to a casual tone, like he’s gently poking fun. “Hate to say it, Cap, but you almost sounded cynical just then.”
This isn’t supposed to be happening.
“It’s been a
Steve glares at him harshly enough that Tony nearly backs off.  But he’s nothing if not well versed in willfully ignoring other people’s anger, so he continues.
“Everything’s good.”
Because he doesn’t really know himself, not fully. How could he, when he has denied this part of himself for so long?
“You feeling okay?” Steve runs a hand through Tony’s artfully messy dark brown hair as he lifts his own white wayfarers up to look at Tony more clearly, perching them on his forehead above raised eyebrows.  He has to ask; Tony’s never early.  He usually can’t be bothered to even be
“Where were you tonight?” Steve asks. “I was going to call but then I realized…I don’t have any number to reach you. Only have your damn office number.” His laugh has a bitter tinge to it that Tony doesn’t like. It stings like a thousand tiny pin pricks. “Hell, I don’t even know where you live, now that you’re not at the Marmont.”
Steve’s expression, which had been starting to relax a little, tightens.
“Just two friends having a smoke,” Bucky replies, to which Tony’s eyebrows shoot up.
The pace of his punches increases in speed and ferocity and Tony suddenly feels like he needs to make his presence known; he’s intruding on something private and his gut twists with the knowledge that he’s seeing something he wasn’t meant to see.
Tony can’t quite believe it and doesn’t know if he ever will.  That might be for the best, because the last thing he wants is to take Steve for granted the way he has others in the past.
“Ready to go home, champ?” Tony suddenly claps a hand to his shoulder, startling Steve enough that he jumps.  Steve tries to recover, play it cool, but it’s no matter. Tony’s already starting off toward Fifth, unsteady on his feet.
He’s gathering the items needed for dinner when Jan returns, letting herself in through the front screen door without knocking.
“Tony said that you love me.” Steve blurts out, and that stops Bucky in his tracks. His cheeks heat, his skin goes clammy. He hasn’t been this apprehensive around Bucky since…well, ever, really? Maybe ever since the day they first met when Steve hadn’t yet figured out why such a charming, strong, and popular kid wanted to be friends with a stubborn pissant like him. He still hasn’t figured that out, but he did quickly stop questioning his good luck and decide to just be grateful for Bucky’s odd choices. “Or he said that you’re
“It’s hardly the
“Well, there has been interest in reviving the character for children’s audiences, at least in certain sectors. A lot of people seem to think the property would be ideal for a television program.”
Bucky, who was always at Steve’s side as he slept, holding Steve’s hand, day in, day out.  Tony had wanted to be the person sitting there.  He’d wanted to touch Steve then, just to feel him breathe, but he’d had to settle for watching the rise and fall of Steve’s chest from afar, hearing the steady beep of his heartbeat filtered through a machine.
“Steve.” Bucky sounds somewhere between touched and troubled, but Steve doesn’t let the moment hang.  His need for Bucky’s friendship is not an opinion to be argued and the place Bucky holds in his heart is not up for debate.  No matter what Bucky seems to think.
“Tony…why are you here?”
“Mischief managed, compadres.  Brucie is taking a nap-nap.”
Tony puts his hands on Steve’s hips and puts everything into kissing Steve as deeply and as thoroughly as he can.  There aren’t enough words to tell Steve everything he feels.  Steve sinks into the kiss, softening and slowing it down.  His hands come up to cradle Tony’s face, those broad palms and long, strong fingers so careful as they touch.
“I’m telling you right now, one day we’re all going to find out that these things are awful for us.” Jane holds her finger up in warning. Darcy attempts to counter yet again, but Jane brings it back to her main argument. “And it’s
He doesn’t reply.
“I’m sorry…what?”
“It certainly ain’t happy.” Steve replies sardonically. “So I suppose it’s more realistic that way. Not a lot of actual happy endings out there to be had.”
“Putting me up or putting up with me?” Bruce asks, though he’s smiling so Tony’s not too worried that he means it.  At least not completely.
“God bless you, Potts,” Rhodey says, and Tony can practically see him saluting her from afar.  “Take a breather, Stark.”  He disconnects before Tony can say anything more.
“I’m being serious.”
“What
Steve liked jazz and the blues and depressing 80s bands that sang about dying in double decker bus crashes; Tony liked classic rock and heavy metal and the occasional rapper whose talent matched his ego.  Steve liked Hawks and Wilder, Capra and Ford; Tony liked Truffaut, Cassavetes, Herzog, Roeg.  If forced to choose an Anderson, Steve went Wes – Tony, Paul Thomas.  Steve compulsively read the classics – Dickens, Tolstoy, Austen, Fitzgerald – Tony dug Vonnegut, Kerouac, Bukowski, maybe some Updike.  Steve lived and breathed art while Tony couldn’t tell the first thing about the many expensive pieces sitting in his family’s deep storage.  And Steve didn’t see the beauty in a circuit board or a perfectly soldered joint, didn’t love cars or jets, and was hopeless around an engine.   The only thing they could agree on was the awesomeness of
He grabs his drink and downs what’s left in one uncouth gulp, then slides the empty glass back onto the marble and glass coffee table. He stands, bracing himself with his hands on his thighs.
motion with his hand, leaving Tony to fill the blank silently, not wanting to embarrass the man any further.
“No.”
“They’re in the workshop,” Tony tells Natasha, as if she hadn’t heard JARVIS announce the same thing.
Maybe Steve’s one of those guys who actually
Steve is trapped in this situation and he’s not going to do a thing to help him escape it. Bucky
“Picasso?”
The phone rings then, and Tony’s heart jumps up into his throat. He steps toward Pepper hopefully. She holds a finger up as she answers, warning him off.
sound
Then Tony’s hand is on his face, gently stilling his pained laughter.  Steve steps back, frightened by the look on Tony’s face, even more frightened by how it makes him feel.
Leaning back to control his pace as he starts his downward descent, Steve ponders taking the triangular route, heading southeast to Union Station before turning west toward his and Bucky’s apartment. It would add another seven miles to his journey, but Bucky would probably be up and gone by the time he got home in that case.
“Doesn’t matter where, we should be back tomorrow.”  JARVIS locks on.  They’re just outside of Graz.  “There’s been a slight situation.”
been about
, and Steve Rogers is going to do him in by mere proximity.
When he and Bruce had finally paused in their work and he’d taken a peek at the clock, his stomach had dropped right to his feet. It hasn’t come back up, and his heart is racing like he ran over here rather than drove.
“I dunno, Nick, the place looks pretty well packed to me.”
“I have returned, darling!” She announces, flourishing two bottles of red wine. She’s also changed her outfit, her red dress exchanged for an airy, summery sundress in pastel blue. “I hope you like merlot because it is all I had. I had to leave the good stuff with Hank.”
The person standing above him is backlit by the sun and it makes it hard for him to make out anything more than his shape, and perhaps the light glinting off a pair of sunglasses.
Steve runs his hands up Bucky’s taut arms, feeling the muscles shift under his touch. His fingers slip under the loose short sleeves of his t-shirt and find the curve of Bucky’s shoulders, then slide back down the cords of his tight biceps on one side, and cool steel on the other. Now that he can, he just wants to keep touching him.
“Black.”
“Depends.”  Tony replies, a teasing lilt in his voice.
are you doing down here?”  Tony gasps, gesturing wildly to the pile of broken glass that sits in the center of the room.  The pane he just smashed was about the tenth of the night but it was the first he’d dropped unintentionally.   “JARVIS said…Jesus Christ…” Tony leans against the wall, near collapse.
“JARVIS, will you alert me when Cap comes home?”
“There was just unresolved sexual tension.  And now there’s resolved sexual tension.  It’s a slight difference, really.  No hatred involved.”
“You’re a stupid fuck, you know that?” Bucky snaps, turning to face him.  Tony sighs.
It’s ludicrous, when he thinks about it. He and Tony have been tangled up in each other for a month now and despite learning every inch of the man’s body, he’s never even been to his house. Tony’s only been to his the once, after that fantastic first night and disastrous morning after. For them it’s stolen moments on set and illicit hotel room rendezvous, and, one memorable night, the backseat of one of Tony’s fancy cars like overeager kids parking after a high school dance.
“What?  Donuts are a great bereavement food.  There’s that big gaping hole in the middle.  It’s damn near poetic.  You don’t agree?”
“Yeah.  Though we might move the shave up to priority one.  You with facial hair is freaking me out.”  He surprises himself by reaching across the table again and touching the side of Steve’s bearded face.  Steve’s smile falters just a little and Tony draws his hand back quickly, flapping it in front of his own face as he crinkles his nose.
to go home and do dirty things to my boyfriend now.”
“Shit.”  The swear comes in two voices and Steve drops his hand, turning his head to find both Bucky and Natasha leaning out the window, evidently having taken Tony’s rushed exit as a cause for alarm.
Old, yellowing monster movie posters are tacked up crookedly on the right wall, and the wide double doors take up most of the last wall, leading out to the rest of the basement and the long, sloping ramp back up to the backlot. There are no windows, and if he hadn’t just walked in from outside, he’d have no idea of the weather or the time of day.
“Here.” Steve repeats, rocking his hips to meet Tony’s. Tony wonders if Steve’s going to fuck him right in the kitchen, and his mind is already racing ahead to Bucky walking in and seeing his best friend’s bare ass flexing as he pistons in and out of Tony’s willing and eager body, spreading him open on their laminate countertop.
“I don’t owe
“We understand, you know.”  Steve segues back into the point he’d wanted to make before.
“All right.” Peter nods, not sure he buys it.
,” she adds, tossing a look over her shoulder at Tony as she guides Steve toward the elevator.  “And call me Pepper, please.”
His stomach is in his throat. His heart is pounding in his ears. Nothing is where it should be.
It’s going to be amazing.
So here he is, three hours later, sitting alone on a wraparound couch suited for twelve people, in a living room big enough for three times as many.  He keeps trying not to cry, biting back the tears he’s been fighting for months now.  Occasionally one escapes down his cheek and he’s quick to brush it away.
Steve abruptly gets up from his seat on the couch.
“What?”
Bucky gives him a quick look like he’s not entirely sure he should be saying this or that Steve wants to hear it.
,” he whispers, his gaze moving rapidly over the swirl of colors and delicate glass, trying to take it all in at once.
Tony lets him go. He hesitates for a moment, wondering if that was Steve’s abrupt, unspoken goodnight. But Steve didn’t tell him to go so that’s enough of an invitation for now. Tony follows him inside and watches as Steve crosses to the kitchen cupboard and grabs a glass. He rests his weight against the counter as he leans over the sink and fills it from the tap.
“Please do.” He nods, content to let her go on her way, when she steps closer.
“He and my father…had words.” Betty explains, looking guilty.  “I tried talking to him; sometimes when he’s…he understands it’s me and he calms down but today it was just out of control.”
Steve, with seeming reluctance, takes Tony up on his offer and finds a seat at the far end, sinking into the light grey cushions. He doesn’t look any more comfortable, however.
“I believe the rich are called ‘eccentric’.”
“You were saying?” The Captain exclaims.
“Tasha.”  Tony smiles to himself, shaking his head.  “Never heard anyone dare call her that before.”
“But…but he produced the stellar, remarkable, unforgettable
“I’ve seen all of it, every minute we’ve shot. If you’d like, we could step into your trailer and discuss some of the finer points of your performance. We
“Who is
“Pepper!”  Tony supplies the woman with a name.  His smile is sloppy; her answering one is tight and grim.  Despite that, she’s still quite beautiful…elegant and slender and carrying herself with a clear sense of purpose despite the tired look in her eyes.  She’s pretty much the opposite of Tony, as light as he is dark, carefully held together whereas Tony is some kind of elaborate mess.
He hangs up the robe on the back of the door and lets the sheet drop to the tile, cool air hitting his naked skin. He pulls aside the shower curtain a bit too sharply, the metal rings screeching against the rod. His nerves haven’t settled yet, clearly.
“Don’t I?” Tony counters. Steve’s eyebrows lift to his hairline but then drop as he frowns, like he realizes Tony is being serious.
The man sprawled out on the stoop across the street is none other than the mystery man from earlier.
But he steps forward, pulling the heavy door closed behind him. Without the light from the wine cellar striking the sharp planes of his face, the finer details of Steve’s expression are lost in shadow.
“Hmm-hmm.” Steve lifts his head and tilts back just enough from the pillow to meet Tony’s kiss as Tony bends across his body and dips his lips to Steve’s.
Tony doesn’t like him.
Nick Fury places both hands flat on the bar top as he stops in front of Steve, glaring at him with his one good eye. Steve sits up straight, rather surprised by Fury’s unexpectedly harsh greeting. He opens his mouth to defend himself – against what, he doesn’t quite know – when Nick gestures in a circle around Steve’s body.
“Funny, you’re not at all hungover,” he comments and Clint’s smile grows wider.
*******
who knew.”
if I…” Tony leans in, brushes a kiss against Steve’s lips.  It’s tentative, careful to give Steve time to back away.  Steve quickly lets him know that’s not needed, tilting his head and pushing the kiss deeper.
Steve stops protesting when Tony stops moving and starts staring instead.  Steve doesn’t have his shirt on.  Or shoes.  Tony uncurls his fingers from around Steve’s belt buckle and takes a step back, but other than that he thinks he manages to bluster past it quickly enough.  He grabs the jeans he wanted Steve to try and shoves them over, pointedly not leaving as Steve strips down to his brand spankin’ new Ralph Lauren underwear and begrudgingly puts them on.
“Eh, you’re right.  Thor’s an I can eat fifty eggs kinda guy, I doubt he’d be daunted.”  Tony gets up too, tossing his tablet rather carelessly back onto the bed.  He picks up his suit coat from the back of the nearest armchair and slides it on, fixing his collar.  “So, what do you feel like?  Steak?  Lobster? Both?”
share and care in the middle of the gym, so chances are the good captain would be fine with a brush pass.
Tony wishes he could say he didn’t hesitate at Steve’s blunt request, but he does; the cold expression shuttering over Steve’s face feels like a punch to the gut.
.  He doesn’t think he’s ever hung up on Pepper before, not during a real non-business related conversation.  But he doesn’t want to hear any more about how he’s going to wreck Steve or how Steve’s going to wreck him.  Can’t break what’s already broken.
fucking him, after all, so clearly I see the appeal.”
As expected, Steve opens his mouth to reply.  Tony jumps in first.
“I’ll play you,” Jane offers, clambering up from her place on the floor.  She’s probably just eager for a real seat.  Steve had run out of room rather quickly.  This gathering hadn’t exactly been planned and his – and now Bucky’s – apartment isn’t equipped for this much company.
He stands and lurches toward her, grabbing the pictures from her with a bit too much force. Just the sight of her holding them makes him want to retch. She puts up her hands in surrender, stepping away.
She knows that upon meeting Steve, he’d been ready and willing to hate the man; she doesn’t know that he’d secretly hoped Captain America would be everything Howard said he was and how disappointed and hurt he’d been when Steve Rogers turned out to be just another guy, and one who didn’t much care for Tony either.
When Steve gets angry, he stews and he broods. When he lets that anger loose, he puffs up, body raring for a fight and his tongue turning unexpectedly sharp. Someone once told Steve that his anger makes other people feel badly, shrinking under the weight of his disappointment.
Except Tony does care, and as loathe as Bucky is to admit it, Tony wouldn’t merely stand back and let Bucky do this, whether Steve was upset or not.
Steve glances into the sack and can’t help but smile.
“You know I love you.”  He
It’s past eleven by the time Steve carries them both out onto the sidewalk, Natasha leaning on his left, Clint on his right.  He considers packing them both into a cab and sending them home on their own, but it doesn’t feel right to leave them unguarded with their defenses weakened.  There’s a guy leaning in a doorway half a block down, and while it’s probably nothing, he can’t shake the feeling that they’re being watched.  He glances over his shoulder one last time and slides in beside Clint.
a star, Tony Stark,” Steve replies pointedly. “I’m a set designer.”
“Hey Carol, did he tell you I've been fucking Steve?” Tony asks loudly. Carol's gaze snaps back to him, and to her credit, she is nothing if not cool and collected.
again."  Steve grins at Tony's warning; since their first viewing was accompanied by Thor expressing ever-increasing confusion over his inability to understand the Swedish Chef despite his gift of AllSpeak, a re-watch without the demigod’s presence had been required.
Then, one night, after smoking too much pot, drinking too much PBR, and getting fed up with the group doing free association poetry in his kitchen, he cornered Steve on a fire escape and kissed him instead of fighting.  Steve had pulled back and looked at him, totally stunned, and then when Tony turned to leave, Steve grabbed him by the arm and pulled him back.
Tony doesn’t manage to stifle a laugh at the thought of someone like Natasha having a “boyfriend” and that “boyfriend” being an assassin kept in high security prison by SHIELD.  Steve doesn’t react to his chuckle, and he doesn’t know if that says more about Steve’s perspective on him or on the situation.  Steve probably thinks Tony’s just the kind of person to be coldly amused over this kind of thing.
Perhaps more awkward than the time his father had tried to explain the birds and the bees to him, had given up not even halfway through, and handed him his first beer instead.
“Then, Steve, as one of your oldest friends, let me give you some advice.”
Still, Steve has to admit he might get a little more touchy-feely whenever he’s in the presence of Tony’s ex-girlfriend and current business partner, Pepper, so it seems neither he nor Tony are really as imperturbable as they pretend to be.
“Never even said why you came over in the first place.”
“Then we answer those too. Not asking doesn't make the questions go away, babe. We'll figure it out.” He pulls Steve into a hug, feeling relieved when Steve lets him fold him in his arms and hold him tight. “Promise me you’ll talk to him while I’m gone.”
“Why, Steven, I do believe those are called photographs? It’s not a new technology, I’d have been sure you’ve heard of it.” Loki replies with a deep chuckle. Steve’s hands tighten involuntarily on the photos, crushing their edges. “No need to be careful, I can always make more. I assure you – the negatives are safely stored.”
Sam is still looking at him with those earnest eyes of his, clearly not believing a good night’s sleep is going to solve much of anything.
Steve nods his thanks and turns into the crowd. Nick may play like he’s a hard-nosed bastard, but he’s got a soft spot for Steve and his pals, most likely because they were patronizing his place long before the Hollywood elite sashayed in. Steve appreciates the loyalty.
“Stop,” Tony whispers, pushing him back and putting an arm’s length of space between them.  “I can’t.  I can’t do this.”
Steve Rogers.” Tony repeats. He holds up a hand, blocking the upper portion of Steve’s face from his line of vision, remembering that nose, mouth and jawline below the cowl and imagining the incredible body in front of him dressed in Captain America’s red, white and blue costume.
“It doesn’t really have to be either. Business or dinner." Tony states, and his voice does something then, something sensual and sultry yet entirely offhand and casual. Steve would be hard pressed to explain what it does to him to hear it. “I’d rather get to know you …” Tony pauses for a sip of wine, staring at Steve over the rim of his glass. His gaze is mesmerizing; Steve can’t look away. Steve feels his face heat, and arousal tightens low in his stomach as if Tony’s already touching him, kissing him,
“I’m just getting some water for Clint and Natasha,” Steve explains too hurriedly, gesturing toward the living room.  He frowns, wondering why he sounds and feels so guilty for being in Tony’s kitchen right now.  He’s not doing anything wrong.  “We were…”
“What in heaven’s name were they thinking?”
, really – but Steve’s not sure he’ll remember a word of it come morning.  He suspects Pepper’s well aware of that probability.
“Eh, shut up, punk.  I had a relatively decent yoga session this morning, I was feeling up to the challenge of living within these arbitrary, imposed, societal constraints.”
He dares to hope that Bucky will see the city and remember it all.
“Dunno about that.  I’ve never.”  Unless kisses on the cheek from his mother counted, which he doesn’t think they do.
Tony looks at him then with a strange expression on his face, and Steve thinks he maybe shouldn’t have asked.  In a paradoxical way, Tony’s the most private public person he’s ever met.   All the details in the press paint a picture of who Tony Stark is, but it’s
He looks to each person in the room, searching for some sign that this is a terrible, sick joke.  No one will look at him and he wants to yell at them all, ask them what the hell they think they’re doing.
“Scientifically speaking?” Clint snorts.  Tony stops hovering in the air around them and comes to a gentle landing beside Steve.  Steve steps away under the pretense of avoiding the repulsors, but as soon as he’s on solid ground Tony flips the faceplate and shoots Steve a look that says he knows otherwise.
the world coming to.”
“This is all pretty good, Cap.  You should show Pepper, she’d appreciate having an art buddy to chat up.”
“Like what, exactly?”
“I didn't mean you, darling.” To prove her point, she lifts up onto her tiptoes to place a feather-light kiss to Steve's cheek. “Pop down from there, lovely, you should go get changed back into your street clothes. Wouldn't want to wear this beautiful piece out and spoil the surprise before the big night, would we?”
“A couple more glasses of booze and maybe I’ll tell ya.” Jan holds Bucky’s gaze as she picks up the bottle of wine and refills his glass.
“We good?” He glances at Jones, his lead carpenter, who steps back and nods. Dugan joins Jones by his side, tucking his hammer back into his tool belt. He crosses his arms over his barrel chest and jokingly huffs with pride.
The need to be skin-on-skin with Tony is sudden and overwhelming. Steve sits up, and in an undignified scramble, gets Tony’s dress shirt off his body and throws it aside; he kisses Tony messily as they both fumble with his pants.
Steve looks at her, leaving that list growing ever longer out of the corner of his eye, filing in line after line after line.  And Natasha, of all people, is looking back at him with her grey eyes shimmering with unshed tears, vulnerable with pity and concern.  It’s just wrong, all wrong.
They fight like only two people in love can fight, and make up just the same.
That was his code name and the asset has become him again, visiting retribution upon anyone still alive who was involved in his making.
“I’m a real gentleman!”  Tony hollers from the kitchen.
“You okay?”
“Birdbrain, you wouldn’t know clever if it bit you in the ass-“
Tony Stark is rude, unpredictable, entitled, and comes with entirely too much baggage. Steve’s tangled up with Tony’s family’s past in ways that he doesn’t think he fully understands and probably never will.
“Christ, Steve, would you listen to what I’m actually saying? You really think – don’t you know me at all?”
Through the haze of his rapidly rising arousal, a stray thought about the costume catches at the end of his mind. Not taking his eyes from Tony, Steve manages to unbutton his shirt and ruck up his undershirt as high as it will go without breaking from Tony to actually remove it, his tie thrown back carelessly over his shoulder.
“Booze goes on the table, baked goods in the kitchen.” Natasha commands flatly.  She gestures in each direction with the knife and, apparently done with Tony, goes to finish with the bread.
Tony gives Phil the obligatory grief while Steve tries not to make the man giddy and nervous in front of his staff.  He’s not entirely successful.  Phil trips over debris twice before realizing he can’t walk and talk to Captain America at the same time without making a fool out of himself.
“No, I meant-“
Steve picks up his red and white-checkered shirt from where it’s draped over the front wheel.
“Okay, punks, lemme show you the kitchen.”  He claps his hands together once, drawing everyone’s attention, then sets off down the hall.  “I hope one of you can cook, because I sure as hell ain’t ever going to.”
“I just…you’ve been in here for over half an hour. Just wanted to make sure you were okay.” Tony doesn’t sound concerned now, though. Even over the sound of the water and the bathroom exhaust fan, Steve can hear desire trebling his voice.
Steve looks past Bucky for a moment, expecting to find a doctor in a white coat approaching.  Instead there’s Tony, frozen in the doorway with this strange, stricken expression on his face.  Almost like Tony’s disappointed to find him awake and talking.
“Who can blame her,” Tony mutters back.  He studies Barnes’ face, trying to discern something, anything at all.  His eyes are icy blue, slightly vacant and crazed like he’s staring at a ghost no one else can see.  He’s as pale as a man who hasn’t seen the sun for years.
“Oh, is that what he drove?” Tony asks with a practiced nonchalance. “I was wondering which one he’d choose to take out today.”
shit.”
“Sure.” Steve doesn’t fight him on it.
Though Natasha is rarely unable to cloak her true feelings, Steve still thinks he sees a flash of hurt in her green eyes as he remains determinedly indifferent to her company.  He takes this slight display of emotion not as an honest symptom of her care for him, but simply another sign of how this thing with Bucky has worn her down as well.
“I was going to mention this before, but then we got the call, so I didn’t.”
“None of us are, my friend. Doesn’t mean you have to drink alone. No Bucky, tonight?”
“In the end, I'm afraid pursuing anything with Agent Carter would be leaning less toward nice and more toward creepy."
“A lady doesn’t like to be rushed, Rogers.” Natasha unfolds from her seat, the robe of Bucky’s that she’s borrowed dangerously loose as she saunters close. A smile curves over her full lips, her green eyes bright with mischief. “You’re just
He kisses Steve deeply, mouths slanting and tongues tangling, and he pushes his body against Steve’s with the kind of lack of restraint he hasn’t shown since Steve became small again. And Steve reacts like he’s been dying for it, like he had been waiting for Tony to pin him to the bed and fuck him into the mattress.
“Yeah.  To think the doc once told you smoking would help your asthma.”  Bucky grins, shaking his head at the memory.  Steve can imagine what he’s thinking of – measly little Steve Rogers, weak and barely able to breathe, coughing his way through his first cigarette.  He can remember the feel of Bucky’s hands firm but careful on his shoulders, holding him as he heaved.  “Just goes to show you, what the hell does anyone really know.”
It takes him far too long to realize that the tugging feeling at the back of his neck is Steve trying to get him to stop kissing for long enough to get rid of his ratty NIN t-shirt.  One of these days he swears he’s going to get Steve so riled up he’ll tear his clothes off – that’s never happened to him before and he has the feeling Steve could actually do it, rend fabric in two like it’s tissue paper between his hands.
“So?  They’re New Order.  Who cares if the new stuff is lame.”  He leans on Steve casually, his fedora sitting at a jaunty angle that matches the mischievous slant of his mouth.  The sweater he’s wearing looks like it may have been stolen from the closet of Cliff Huxtable and it appears he forgot to pull off the handwritten price sticker from Salvies.  Steve tugs it loose, taking some lint with it.  Bucky winks in thanks.
“It’s not really a theme,” Tony says, even though it kind of
Well, he’s always wanted Bucky to kiss him, but the need for it now is overwhelming and sharp, like his brain had suddenly grasped that this thing he never thought would ever happen can now happen. Is going to happen. Finally.
“In fifty years?  I’m already wondering that every day.”
“C’mon, Brucie Bear, you know I love you.”
“This part is half the fun,” Steve replies, pausing in the cut he’s making.  If Tony stopped complaining long enough to work, he’d be long done with the cleaning and onto the carving already.
*******
“It’s really fine, you guys.  You can say his name, he’s not Beetlejuice.” Steve tells them, holding back a tired sigh.  “Natasha has been staying at SHIELD headquarters for the past month in order to be with Bucky.”
They don’t get that far, however, both of them coming far too quickly in messy, hot splashes across Steve’s stomach and chest. He keeps kissing Steve until he stops trembling, regains control of his breath.
“As it’s a matter of national security, I have already briefed your team members with the basic details.  However, this case is of particular interest to you and if you prefer, I can have the room cleared while we discuss this.”
“Tony…”
“Yeah, I cook.”  She’s daring him to make something of it.  Steve wishes Tony were wise enough not to rise to the bait but he knows it’s not the case.
“To be fair, it’s happened in many stage shows since.  And television shows.  And movies.  There’ve been many fake punches thrown at many fake Hitlers.  Can never have enough Hitler TKOs, if you ask me.”  Tony presses on, not wanting to linger over the embarrassed look on Steve’s face.  “Fury did catch you up to speed on the whole brand of merchandising that went down, y’know, after you supposedly did?  The other lug heads they got to pretend to be you, the comics, all the lunchboxes and the bed sheets and the trading cards-“
He doesn’t hide his fascination as Bucky’s thrusts slow to a stop and his dick, still hard and wet with slick and come, slips out.
, as if remembering one thing will lead to the other.
Tony stares at him wide-eyed, his arms still outstretched from evidently trying to keep Steve from falling.  And then…he’s
Steve follows him out of the bedroom, stopping just outside the doorway to the dressing room. Tony pulls a clean pair of boxers from the dresser and slips them on, snapping the elastic at his waist.
To anyone else, the scene might seem inviting. They may not be famous but they are undoubtedly a group of attractive people, well dressed enough to be noticed but not so much as to signal intimidating riches. They are warmly lit, their body language open. They smile and laugh pleasantly, passing drinks and gossip, camaraderie practically spilling forth from them like the groundswell of an uplifting music cue.
His orgasm hits him so hard that he nearly blacks out. If Tony wasn’t pinned between two of the strongest men he’s ever known, his own body may have collapsed from the sheer force of the pleasure that surges through him. All at once, he’s floating above himself, somewhere outside consciousness, while being simultaneously grounded, feeling more
on the way back, as it turns out that hanging onto the back of Steve’s ridiculous motorcycle is actually amazing now that he’s comfortable plastering himself to Steve’s broad back.  He hadn’t realized how much energy he’d been exhausting trying to keep himself from letting his desperate want bleed through until he no longer had to hide it.
The communications center, a vast cavernous space that actually rises up three stories, lays blown to pieces in front of him.  There’s a huge hole in the far wall, blasted straight through to the outside.  He can see the New York skyline stretching indifferently into the night.
He slips his hand around Steve’s waist toward his front, fingertips dipping dangerously below Steve’s belt.  He feels Steve tense; he doesn’t want to take it too far – okay, he
And by room he means the fancy VIP suite that Tony pulled for them at a moment’s notice.  Steve bypasses the living and dining room area, loosens his tie, turns off the lights, and collapses onto the impossibly soft queen-size bed without bothering to rid himself of his brand new suit coat or his shoes.
“Hey, Steve – Handsome Family, Knitting Factory, Saturday, just you and me, man, you in?”  Bucky asks over the din of talking and the tracks.  Natasha turns to look up at him, the invitation piquing her interest.
are over there.” Nick jerks his head toward the booth in the furthest corner.
Anyone else would’ve been puzzled, but Natasha looks at him like that’s the least interesting thing he’s ever said.
He keeps waking up screaming, sure that the dark, gaping maw of the Chitauri’s portal above his once-beloved building has swallowed the city whole.
Still, the name doesn’t ring a bell.
To his dismay, it shoots straight into the path of the person walking toward him.
The asset has no new scars, apart from the rather obvious loss of his left arm. He assumes he has been injured in years since. It seems rather unlikely that he hasn’t.
Steve ignores the comment and pulls on his underwear and pants. He finds his dress shirt in a crumpled heap halfway underneath the bed. He tries to shake out some of the wrinkles, but it’s hopeless. He looks a frightful mess; Bucky is going to have so many questions when he walks in like this, and Steve doesn’t know how he’s going to explain.
Bucky looks at him, wide blue eyes bloodshot and wild, and then his grasp tightens around Steve’s hand.  Bucky’s hold feels strange, his fingers seemingly real yet not quite right.
They’ve stopped in the set, lighting and grip department and Thomas Lowell, the poor schmuck tasked with leading him and Pepper around, is blathering about equipment and crews and other such-and-such.
The pain helps him shake off some of the fogginess.  And whenever he moves, there’s more pain, so he keeps moving, each stab of discomfort clearing his brain of debris, bringing reality into sharper focus.  By the time he manages to maneuver into the wheelchair, his body hitting with a dense thud, he almost tells her he doesn’t want or need to sit.
“Uh, yeah.”
, don’t
“Jesus,” he breathes out as he slumps over, resting his cheek against Steve’s chest, tucking under Steve's chin. Steve’s heart beats fast underneath his touch.
“Yeah but I gotta rest these babies sometime!” Sam wiggles his fingers with a grin. Then he picks up his drink. “Bucky, though. Have you tried pressing Natasha for details?”
“Who’s there?”  Steve’s voice cuts through the darkness, the mattress shifting and creaking as he sits up.  Tony can barely make out his shape in the shadows.
There are things he wants to say but they can wait.
. But Steve just stares at him, blue eyes dilated wide with pleasure.
“What?”
“That actually kind of hurt, Pep.”  Tony scratches his eyebrow with his thumb and leans his head back against the wall, closing his eyes against the beginnings of a headache.
“What the hell do you mean?”
There’s a medieval suit of armor on display in the corridor, and Rogers pauses before it.  Tony ushers the rest ahead and then hangs back, watching as the other man reaches out and touches the arm, fingers gentle against the cool metal.
He absolutely does not picture Steve in the shower; moreover, he does not consider that from the looks of things Bucky might have been sharing that shower with him.  It doesn’t matter.  Theoretically, evidence of Bucky and Steve being together should make this easier to do.
“Banner?”
There’s an array of folders in two stacks on the nearby table and the SHIELD logo stamped across the face of one catches Tony’s attention.  An open folder tops the smaller stack; Tony recognizes a photo of his father anywhere.  The big red
The men’s rest room is a blessed relief – silent and empty. All he can hear is the distant sounds of the film reverberating through the wall and echoing through the air vents. No one appears to be inside the wooden stalls, all their doors swung partially open. He’s surprised there is no bathroom attendant, but these days that’s not so odd.
******
Is it always this easy to get lost in someone else’s arms?  He feels like he’s drifting, Tony’s embrace the only thing keeping him from floating away.
Steve is climbing from the pool, water streaming down that vast expanse of his back, down his strong legs.  He’s wearing dark trunks that amount to little more than boxer briefs as they cling to his skin, leaving nothing to the imagination.  Yet Tony’s imagination runs
“Tony?”
Tony waits until he’s sure they’ve gone before letting out a long exhale, trying to will some of the stress from his body.  He leaves the dirty dishes on the counter and makes his way into the living room, collapsing onto his back on the couch.
“Name your price, you know I’d offer you anything.” The words tumble out unbidden, but he means them. His eyes lock on Steve’s and they hold one another’s stare until Steve flinches and looks away.
Steve meets his eyes and Tony sees it then, that hidden fear suddenly all too evident.  He wonders how long Steve’s been like this, waiting for the other shoe to drop.  A rush of self-loathing swells up within him.  He’d doubted Steve, vaguely, for two days and could barely stand it.  He’s getting the sense Steve has been doubting him for much longer than that.
Tony’s well aware of the situation.
, Bucky Barnes?”
“You need to go to him.”
“Best not to get in Tasha’s way when knives are involved.”
Bucky works up to longer, deeper thrusts, but he doesn’t shove into him sharply, instead rolling his hips in this fantastic, languorous way that makes Steve’s whole body want to draw Bucky in closer. Unable to stop himself, his greedy hands find the muscled curve of Bucky’s ass, fingers digging in to warm skin as he feels every shift and flex as Bucky moves.
Steve does roll over to face Tony now, pillows and sheets and blankets getting twisted up as he turns. He finds Tony staring at him intently, his deep brown eyes guileless. It’s far more Tony’s nature to tease and poke and make the uncomfortable into the laughable, but there’s no mischievous wink or sly grin now.
“You should.”
“As in Viastone? So all you rich folks just know each other then,” Bucky scoffs contemptuously. Jan takes no offense.
“Some kind of robot attack on Battery Park.  Some bozo named Dr. Doom is claiming responsibility and threatening to unleash the rest of his forces on the city.”
“I think…this way?” Tony mumbles, pointing in any old direction.  Steve follows him, but surely he must have caught on by now that Tony’s slipping.  It has to show, because he’s sweating and his breath is coming in short pants.  Extremis is monitoring his heart rate, his body temperature, and he curses the thing for not being able to make this all stop.  But it’s mental, not physical.
“I don’t.  I’m a little confused, to be honest.  I thought maybe you and he…but then he…And now…” Steve stops, not comfortable with talking about this at all, much less with Tony’s ex-girlfriend.  He turns the stove back on and picks up the spatula, eager for a distraction.
“Oh, Tony, so you
Steve forces an awkward half-smile of acknowledgement; although they have different reasons, he does share Jan’s frustration. He pulls at the lapels of his coat, directing his eyes carefully away from Tony even though all he wants to do is look. Despite the fact he knows his clothes quite literally fit him perfectly at the moment, the collar of his shirt is starting to feel tight. He loops a finger under his black bow tie and tugs; he can't breathe.
“Bucky, why don’t we—“ Tony is trying to calm him now, and Bucky grits his teeth, curls his hands into tight fists as he strains to hold back the tumult of emotion desperately trying to break through.
“Kids love superheroes,” Coulson states simply. “There’s already talk, even at Warners.  Maybe a Superman feature, leading into a television serial sometime over the next few years if the movie gets off the ground, no pun intended. I think they’re waiting for television to gain a bit of a stronger presence in suburban markets. Captain America would really be an ideal venture for us in order to get a foothold in that corner of the industry. He’s a
“Ugh. Could you just come over here? This is a stupid conversation to be having shouting across the room.”
“Here we go,” Tony mumbles to himself as the lights fully dim. He stubs out his cigar and makes a show of rubbing his hands together and leaning forward in anticipation, making a mockery of the very idea that this could be more than an exercise in futility.
“It’s a story for another time.” Steve finally settles on replying, tilting his glass and looking down at his wine in order to avoid Tony’s piercing gaze. He takes a long drink, buying himself some time to figure out what to say next. He could ask Tony about his own childhood, but that hardly seems like a fair tack to take.
“And Bucky?  You’d think he’d want to see you.  Probably
“But I saw-“ He points back toward the door and Steve shakes his head.
“Bucky always said it wasn't going to play.” Steve murmurs as he pulls on his other shoe. He had agreed with Bucky then, even if he'd kept his trap shut about it at the time. It wasn't his place to comment on dialogue. “He and Natasha could take a pass at re-writing it, maybe, if you want them to? Bucky had ideas.”
*******
“Bruce? Banner? The DP.” Steve looks at him with surprise, and then turns away, back toward the street, after Tony nods.
“Okay, so you’ve made your point.”
“Ah, ah, ah, Stark. Don’t go bringing Carol into this to get it all off track.”
“It’s thirty blocks.”
Week – did you miss the memo?”
“That would be lovely.”  Pepper shoots a departing look over her shoulder, one that tells Tony she knows exactly what he’s up to and that she’ll play along for now, but he’ll surely pay for it later.
His distress must show itself plainly on his face, because something in Bucky’s stance relents, his own expression softening. He sits down next to Steve on the bed, mattress springs squeaking.
Steve's hand leaves his mouth and trails down his neck, tracing the path Tony's lips had traveled again and again.
“On the house, Rogers.” Steve must look as skeptical and surprised as he feels, because Nick’s stare turns to an outright glare. “What. I’m nice like that. Now get outta here.”
. “This isn't the only place. Used to go down to the pier in Santa Monica a lot too; closest thing to Coney Island we could find when we were feeling homesick.”
“You’re more than welcome to stay out, Tony.  I can certainly find my own way back, I don’t want to put a damper on your evening.”  Steve takes two steps backward, but Tony advances.
He could be destroying that, the him-and-Steve of it all, right now, this very moment.
Steve gives him a stern look.
here.”
“Never expected to be with another man, seventy years in the future?” Tony laughs breathlessly, his hands slipping on the countertop.  “Can’t imagine why you didn’t see that one coming.”
“I believe there are boxes of tea lights stored in the supply closet of your workshop, sir.”
“Forgive me for saying so, Stevie, but the wounded male ego is quite possibly the most idiotic thing I've ever seen. The 'stronger sex' is quite the pathetic joke.”
“I’m not with that picture, no. May I escort you back to set, Mr. Stark?”
Jane Odinsson is slight and delicate, and her often-reserved demeanor and restrained elegance might lead one to misread her entirely. Touch on the right topic or offer an ill-conceived opinion, and Jane turns feisty.
“Kay, let’s go.”
“You’re sure about this?”
“Mark my words, Steve – the guy thinks he’s gonna be the next Selznick and you remember what happened last time Selznick came around. Getting through the
“Did you say something?” Tony inquires and Steve shakes his head quickly, not ready to explain.  It’s raining harder now, so he and Tony wordlessly agree to jog toward cover underneath the arches of the lower passage of the Arcade.
The Winter Soldier’s targets.
“Well. That’s a first,” Tony comments, amused. The mood has broken, shifting away from whatever intense intimacy they’d just fallen into. “Guess we should be lucky we didn’t break the pipes.”
“Bruce told me he invited you.  You’re not crashing.”  It’s not exactly the best icebreaker, but there’s nothing else to say.
City blocks have been destroyed by the battle with the Chitauri, the skyline once again irrevocably altered by outside forces hell bent on destruction.  Even as the skeletons of new buildings grow hopefully toward the sky and the old buildings saved are patched over, re-bricked, reinforced and restructured, the scars remain, and will always remain.
*******
“If you’re sure,” Loki says, leaning slightly back. He waits a moment for Steve to recant, and Steve bites his tongue. Loki shrugs. “Then I suppose our business is concluded. You should really get back to your seat…people might begin to wonder where you are. I wouldn’t want your last night of fame to be ruined. Or your last night of freedom, truly – I mean, they
“Can you just shut up and eat your pizza and stop being an ass?”
“You can call me Tony. No need to stand on ceremony. Aren’t you older than I am?”
He takes a deep breath, shoring himself up.  He still seems shaky though, and Tony finds himself moving in closer yet again.
“What?  I couldn’t wait for our new year to start.”
“I wanted to…I wanted to say that if you come up with any way, any way to deprogram me, or unlock my real memories, or
His smirk falls as he untangles his feet and gets them to the floor, accidentally kicking Loki’s blackmail photographs from the bed to the carpet. He’d passed out last night staring at them hopelessly, tears streaming down his face.
Steve looks at Natasha and she frowns.  Then she pulls out her cell phone.
Tony leans over Steve with no warning, body stretched across Steve’s lap as he evidently reaches for the remote that rests on the end table.  Steve tries not to move, not to breathe.  Before Steve even thinks to relax, Tony’s back in his own spot and clicking the television on.
Steve smiles against his lips, chuckling softly.
“I have no problems making that deal.”  Tony replies quickly, holding his own hand out now for a shake.  Steve obliges but doesn’t linger, pulling away as fast as he can.
Tony leans his head against hers and admits to her what he probably couldn’t admit to anyone else.
“Hang on, let me try this one more time.”
is the right word to use.
be having a hard time focusing over the past week, and it’s beginning to get to her.
say that, or did you? Because I know Steve, and I can’t imagine him giving you an ultimatum like that.” She sits down beside him, poking him in the arm sharply with her finger. “You, however, are fully capable of mucking up one of the best relationships you’ve ever had with no help from anyone else.”
“If I need something I’ll find it myself, thanks,” Steve replies.  That came out harsher than he meant it to, but he finds he doesn’t want to temper it with an apology.  Tony shrugs it off.
“Thanks, Tony, that’s really nice,” Steve snorts, tilting his head and shrugging his shoulder to get a look at the damage.  The pale blue fabric of his thin sweater is streaked with wet, sticky orange, Tony’s fingers leaving a smudgy mess behind.
“C’mon, Pete, it’s okay.” Tony puts a hand on his shoulder. “Look at me, it’s fine.” Peter lifts his head a little, unsure. “Come on now, up, face forward, there we go. You're a young guy, y'know, these things happen.”
“It’s simple, not easy,” Rhodey corrects. “Track him down and do it before you let it go too long.” He pats Tony’s knee twice more before standing up. “Make it right – you know that I’ve always wanted to meet Captain America.”
Bucky stays behind Tony but his touch is loose, his guidance gone. He lets Tony take control of Steve’s body, Steve’s legs dropping to Tony’s shoulders. Tony locks focus on Steve’s face, driving hard and fast until Steve’s eyes roll back into his head again and his lips part, but there is no sound. His eyelids flutter shut, long lashes wet with tears of pleasure as his orgasm wracks his body. His chest and stomach muscles contract, his legs tightening and spreading like he’s still trying to get Tony further inside. His toes curl and his fingers grapple for purchase he can’t possibly get against the smooth wood of the headboard. Everything about this makes it the most gorgeous thing that Tony has ever seen.
“But don’t you think it’s horribly unfair to punish a man for things he’s not really responsible for?  Especially without even telling him
“You don’t like it.”
“What about you, Tony?” Bucky’s fingers dig into his hips, his words slightly sharp. “You want to come inside my boyfriend’s body?”
“Yeah, all that clean living,” Steve laughs, the sound of it tinged sardonic as Tony rubs his cock filthily against his lips, sloppy and wet. He runs his mouth up and down the sides of Steve’s length a few times before swallowing him again. He can only take Steve down two-thirds of the way before Steve’s near hitting the back of his throat, so Tony concentrates a lot of attention on the head, using his hands instead to touch the full length of his cock and to caress over and behind the sensitive skin of Steve’s sac. Steve sighs so heavenly whenever Tony slips a finger farther back to brush over his hole.
not lust.
“Please stop trying to talk, Captain, it’ll do more harm than good.  I need you to listen to me – we don’t have much time and I know you can’t walk.  I need you to help me get you into this chair.  Right now.”  She pushes her shoulder underneath his arm and heaves upward, wrapping her arm around his midsection.  It hurts like hell.
The flat screen television has a stack of Blu-rays and DVDs beside it on the stand.  He runs a finger over the titles, amused to find season one of
When Bucky comes to see it, he takes a step back and turns to Steve with a hard look on his face.  Steve instantly deflates.
He had been restrained.  He’d thought maybe he was frozen again.  He’d figured that was why he couldn’t move.  He still can’t really move now – limbs are heavy, he can’t get anything to cooperate.
Steve sits beside him now, and even he looks exhausted.  Beautiful, but exhausted.
"She's been interested ever since she assisted on the Winter Soldier mission.  I understand why you weren't all over that then, given the, uh, circumstances…” Tony hitches over the words, actually looking a bit uncomfortable himself.  He always gets a pinched look when Bucky comes up in conversation.  He recovers quickly and continues.  “But come on.  It's been over six months, maybe you should give her a call."
The next night Tony races in from the stairwell, panting and white-faced.  Steve drops the pane of pale blue glass he was holding and hurries to Tony’s side before he thinks better of it.
*******
“Still. Tony Stark is a brave man. Braver than me.” Bucky bites his bottom lip, his gaze flicking downward.
And then someone coughs.  A third person.  A not Steve or him person.
They lean toward one another, lips about to meet, when someone pounds on Steve’s trailer door, three thumps hard enough to rattle the thin door and shake the entire wall.
to forget
Tony chuckles darkly to himself.  If it were only a bit of personal risk, he might tell Steve how much of a mess he is and why, but he doesn’t want to put Steve through that.  It’s startlingly obvious he’s last in a growing list of people who clearly love Steve, and he knows that it’s only a matter of time before Natasha or Bucky take their place by Steve’s side.  Hell, he’s helping Bucky get there.  It’d just confuse Steve if Tony suddenly threw all his bullshit down on top of everything else.
“What?”
“You should’ve at least talked about it with
He even makes Steve turn around, checks out the way the jeans snugly fit his ass, and then declares the pair the winner.  The casual yet over-the-top ogling seems to push the tension away, convincing Steve that Tony’s jokingly pushing his buttons, because Steve just rolls his eyes at Tony and tells him he’s impossible.
“You say that like you don’t come in here repeating every last thing they print about Tony Stark.”
“You probably never give up, do you.”  He finishes a half-formed notion that began somewhere unspoken and came out a damning accusation and an awed observation.   Steve’s brow furrows and his hold tightens almost imperceptibly on the glass.  Tony lets go of it and stands up.
With his life on both coasts effectively wiped out, his suits of armor destroyed and his chest free and clear of both the arc reactor and shrapnel, Tony should feel like his slate is wiped clean.
“Fuck you, Barnes.”  His long, bony fingers curl into fists at his sides but Bucky knows he’s doing it to hold back his anger; he’s not spoiling for an actual altercation. Steve stares up at him for a long moment, the heat in his gaze cooling to disappointment.
Bucky closes the gap between them and cradles Steve’s face in his hands.
“We’ll do what we have to do.”  Bruce gently moves Pepper aside and walks into the elevator beside Tony as it opens. Pepper looks at him plaintively, her wide eyes begging him to stop and think this through.
we’d be doing this morning?”  Tony reaches behind and tugs at Steve’s towel, pulling it loose.
.  I shared a rickety old drafty car with the bearded lady and the tumbling dwarves.”
Even though Tony had handled the crowd of the baseball game with remarkable aplomb, Steve fears this may be different.  When the doors open, Steve acts on instinct, grabbing Tony’s hand and taking the lead, using his considerable size to clear a straight path through the swarm of people toward the stairs.  He knows he can be intimidating when he absolutely needs to be and at this moment, he needs to be.
“But now you don’t?”
He pushes himself back up to sit.
He leans down and traces the throbbing vein on the underside of Steve’s engorged cock.
“Work.  You know, always work.”  Tony pulls his phone out of his pocket, dismissing a carefully cordial text from Pepper about a board meeting tomorrow at one.  Considering it’s only down on floor thirty-seven he’s going to have to come up with something really creative to get himself out of it.
cutting across in an upward, diagonal scrawl of yellow.
and nothing more.  Steve feels the need to be more supportive.
“Our film.”
“What Steve needs is a distraction.  I’m distracting.  And I’ll keep distracting him until he’s ready to come back to New York and face the fact that life has thrown him yet
“You know, that cat’s getting mighty uppity for being on the street only a few weeks ago,” Tony comments as the tabby stalks away, tail up in the air.  “So, you were saying…”
Oh dear. I’ve gone and done it now. You know, Pepper, smiling is the Hollywood way. There are many lovely young ladies who would
“Everybody bows down to something, sweetheart,” Jan retorts, tilting her head to the side to let out a long exhale of smoke. "Even if you don't pray to the almighty dollar."
And Steve’s never understood that either.  But now’s probably not the time to get into it, especially since he’s sure Bucky’s answer will be the same as always.  His friend’s stubbornness is second only to his own.
“I agree, but for now we need a quick solution.  Tony, see if you can get him to follow you to the landing deck, he seems to like you all right.  Contain him there best you can.”
, Steve. It’s a tiny bit difficult to leave you when you’re right there.”
“Well, I
“Who calls him that, no one really calls him that, do they? It’s just a stupid gossip rag.”
“I’ve told him time and time again that he’s gotta let the Other Guy out to play once in a while.  Keeping him cooped up like this is a recipe for disaster,” Tony comments, snapping his face plate down as he watches the Hulk thrash toward the windows.  Steve rolls his eyes, because leave it to Tony to contribute nothing but snark.
“Today?”  Steve leans back against the counter, cupping his mug with two hands.  He looks down at it like the answer to Tony’s question is there, maybe rising in the steam or written in tealeaves.
Steve sighs, looking up at Tony with patient concern.  His hands smooth up Tony’s thighs before coming to rest at his waist, holding him there.
Happy shoots Tony a concerned look and shuts the front passenger door softly. He makes a move like he’s going to come talk to Tony before he goes, but Tony shakes his head sharply and Happy aborts, turning to get back behind the driver’s seat.
, and without his usual broad width and packed muscle, he’s lanky in a way he never has been while Tony had known him.
and he plans to stay there.
Sometimes, they’re big pieces. The first time Bucky met Steve. He can practically smell the summer heat baking the trash in the alley as he heaves the small boy up from the ground. His delicate face is beaten bloody by the bullies Bucky had just scared away, and he’s actually shocked dumb by how beautifully blue the boy’s eyes still are as he glares up at him and declares he hadn’t needed the help.
“Right…” Tony nods, looking down to where Steve kneels on the floor.  He just now notices Steve’s got hair sticking up at the back of his head, rumpled from sleep, and for a moment Steve seems so young and innocent that something in his stomach twists and clenches.  “Because where else would you go?”
“I don't follow.”
“Depends.  Do you remember anything worth telling?”
Out of the corner of his eye, he sees Tony waving Scott over to their pow-wow, taking Bruce’s place in the circle as the DP gratefully departs. Lang looks even more harried than the rest of them, his short brown hair sticking up every which way and the back of his plaid shirt dark with sweat. He and Lensherr exchange words, with the director spitting out a few choice ones in German, before Tony steps back in and pulls Scott off to the side. Lensherr glowers as they walk away.
Tony tends to give him gifts at the slightest provocation.  Steve thought it a given that he was doing it for the others as well, slipping them small presents under bare pretenses like May Day and Mardi Gras, but maybe he shouldn’t have assumed.
“No…I mean, it’s better I know what we’re up against.”
“And here I was, thinking that I missed you and your dulcet tones,” Bucky says by way of greeting, tapping the visor of Clint’s trucker hat.  He insinuates himself into the group by wrapping an arm around Natasha’s shoulders.  She looks like she might want to rip the limb off.
Wanda groans and rests her forehead against his chest, her hands clawing at the sleeves of his suit coat.
was the difficult part.”
“And Bucky wants that too?” He looks surprised, a little confused. “He and I…we’re barely friends.”
“That’s a little obnoxious, but not exactly awful. Maybe he’ll give you another chance.”
And to think he’d always been amazed by the power of the mind over the body.
“It wasn’t.” Tony replies, and Peter hadn’t realized he’d said that all aloud. “I mean, it was like 20% of it.” Peter stares at him. He winces. “Okay, maybe 25.”
“What? Who?” Tony snaps as he runs his hand through his rumpled hair, annoyed to find it still sticky with pomade. He hadn’t showered before tripping into bed.
“Bucky doesn’t think so.”
And when he falls asleep, sated and sweaty and sticky and completely undone, he actually feels whole.
“Got it.” Happy steadies him by the elbow and starts gently leading him toward the elevator.  When Happy starts punching in the access code for Tony’s upper floors, Tony realizes that’s not at all where he wants to go.
, but they had all the same. With the lights of Los Angeles spread out below them, Steve had smiled at him softly in the dashboard light before leaning across the space between them and pressing their lips together in a gentle kiss that quickly slid into something more. The risk was exhilarating, but Tony had to admit even then that the shiver that ran through his entire body wasn't about any illicit thrill. With Steve, it wasn't the excitement of knowing they shouldn't; it was realizing there was no possible way they
“I think I regret buying you that.”  He reaches out to tap the watch and Pepper sighs.
and it’s gonna take awhile and all that.”
“The film means a lot to him, I suppose.”
. Who does he think he is, DeMille? You have to earn the right to be that much of an asshole in this town.”
“I don’t care if you’re fine.  I’m cold,” Tony retorts as flames flare up in the grate.  Tony’s fingers tap out meaningless patterns against the couch’s frame, his hand almost directly behind Steve’s shoulder.  The glow from the arc reactor is cool blue through his thin white undershirt, and his black silk pajama pants seem to shimmer in its light.  Steve knows silk is supposedly luxurious, but to him it looks neither warm nor comfortable.
Bucky rides him through it, whispering encouragement and praise and assurances. Steve’s orgasm lasts for what seems like an oddly long time, long enough that his thrusts begin to force his own come back out of Bucky’s body as he continues to pound up into him.  But even as his own body is shaking, trembling from the sheer force of his arousal, Steve eventually manages to wrap a hand over Bucky’s erection.  Bucky swears and shoots immediately, sticky ropes of come pulsing from the throbbing head of his uncut cock.  It ends up all over Steve’s skin, exploding messily over his chest and neck, splashes of it reaching Steve’s chin, even his lips.
“I hardly looked like I belonged in a Hooverville, Tony.”
“I got a kick the first time, just because of the sheer thrill. Not so much after that, no.” Steve glances down at the plush carpet, its swirls of fronds and leaves somewhat dizzying to look at. He takes a deep breath to steady himself and looks off to his left where the candy bar sits sparkling and new.
chases him down the stairway like the most well intentioned monster there ever was.
He doesn’t know who it is on the roof of the office building across from Avengers Tower. He doesn’t know who is laying flat on the cement, loaded gun propped on the ledge and ready to fire.
“He’s already lost and confused, Tony.”
“I guess the line is that Fury thinks it’s worth the risk.”
“I’m the producer, surely I have some say in your schedule.” Tony snorts.
He’s wearing those tight, faded red jeans that Steve loves, even if from this view he can’t see the way they hug the curve of Tony’s perfect ass.  A charcoal grey vest over a blue and white plaid shirt makes Tony look slimmer and leaner than ever, and Steve smiles at the pink bow tie.  It’d been a Christmas gift from him the year before and Tony tends to wear it on days when he’s secretly in a good mood.
“What, your mama’s home cookin’?”
Almost.
And yet.
Steve sighs, two fingers pinching his furrowed brow.
Bucky seems to know because he gets a solid grip on Steve’s cock and starts stroking with purpose.
He doesn’t realize what’s he’s done until he’s putting on the finishing touches.  He’s dropped a loosely structured column of falling glass down the center of the piece, each tiny shard connected to the others with tensile strength cord that Bruce had given him precisely for this purpose, something he got from OsCorp.  The cord’s nearly invisible so it looks like the icy blue glass is suspended on its own, an explosion frozen in mid-air and trapped in the curves of the surrounding flames.  The three pale blue lights he recessed inside the bottom of the sculpture illuminate each piece of glass, setting everything a shimmer.
“Steve…” Tony reaches up and runs a hand through Steve’s hair in what he hopes is a comforting fashion. “That was
“Tony!” Pepper is stalking toward him, which is quite a feat in her fashionable high heels. “There you are! Where have you been?”
When Bucky gets angry –
“Whatever’s going on, we’ll fix it.  I promise I’ll bring Tony back to you in one piece.”
“Pete’s fine. Right, Pete? This—” He gestures between him and Steve. “Stays between us.” He gestures between all three of them.
“So.” The word trips petulantly off his tongue.
He thumbs open the button of Steve’s jeans.  Steve sucks in a sharp breath, flat stomach contracting beneath Tony’s mouth.  Tony hesitates, thinking maybe he shouldn’t have jumped the gun on declaring himself never a fool, and peers up the length of Steve’s body to look at his face.
love with me. However you want to put it.”
“Well he’s doing great. The script’s a bit of a mess and that Erik…” Jan shakes her head, taking another sip of wine like she desperately needs the alcohol. “That man may be talented, and granted he is a bit of a looker, but his
“It’s hard to play Monday morning quarterback, Pep.”
Tony can’t tell if Steve truly blushes that deeply red or if it just appears that way because the man’s so uncommonly pale today.  Either way, it’s a nice change of pace to see him color with something besides anger and annoyance.
He shakes his head adamantly, and Tony huffs, annoyed.
“I’m doing fine, Tony.”
of Steve’s plans had been.  He has never asked Steve ‘
“Newcomb Pier is a poor substitute for Coney Island.”
“I always thought you’d be the one to leave me.  In the end.”
Tony wants to tell him.
“Pity. Regardless, we need someone with a commanding presence; this one, I keep expecting to call me Daddy and beg for a spanking.”
Steve hasn’t really stopped, but his heart’s no longer in it. His heart is with Tony Stark.
It’s Bucky, so he has to figure this out.
She turns from Tony, spinning on her heel and coming in close to Steve.  To Steve’s surprise, she rises on tiptoe to peck him on the cheek.
Five other people and
“Cap, you gonna eat?” Jones calls, and Steve turns to see him and Dugan pulling some apple boxes up to sit, Morita lounging on the pavement with his feet propped up on a sandbag. Dernier and Falsworth are sharing a furnie blanket, which really, they shouldn’t have and shouldn’t be sitting on. They’re opening their metal lunch boxes and digging in to the meals lovingly prepared for them by their wives. Cold fried chicken and biscuits and ripe red apples, thermoses full of cool lemonade, and freshly baked cookies wrapped in wax paper.
The drawback to having the studio in a basement sublevel is the lack of windows.  No natural light, no view for him to study.  It doesn’t surprise him that this didn’t occur to Tony, but with JARVIS’ help he’s able to approximate natural light using certain types of bulbs and he learns how to pull up various scenes and video feeds using holographic technology.  Even when he’s not referencing it, he keeps one wall occupied with scenery just for the illusion itself.
Tony nods, face softening slightly.
you…” Tony replies, pushing apart his thighs, fingertips brushing over that sensitive skin. “But there’s other things we can do in the meantime.”
“Ah.”  Steve curls his fingers around the cuffs of his blue hoodie, pulling at the sleeves.  But he can’t stop himself from giving in and reaching for his sketches.  “Could you…?” Tony steps away and Steve pulls his hand back.  He covers the aborted move by awkwardly running his fingers through his hair, pretending that’s what he meant to do all along.  Then he shoves his hands into the front pockets of his sweatshirt to stop himself from reaching again.
The common room is only six floors from the top platform of the tower.  Steve slowly crosses to the floor-to-ceiling glass windows that allow him a bird’s eye view of the city, looking south down the length of Manhattan.  It’s a breathtakingly beautiful sight, even now, maybe even more so.  He can mark off 42nd Street, 34th Street, 23rd Street, even Union Square these days, just by the skyline; it’s reassuring.  On the nights when Bucky’s attempts at double dates inevitably turned into Steve wandering off on his own, he’d go to the base of the Brooklyn Bridge and stare at Manhattan as the sun went down and the buildings slowly lit up, bright windows climbing pitter patter toward the sky.  The city was such a short walk away but it seemed so far, then.  It made him feel small and unimportant.
“Your father’s film collection. The negatives and prints from his wartime work?” Tony knows what she means, but he keeps his face blank, feigning disinterest.  He folds his arms behind his head, leaning back and pretending to stifle a yawn. “The
“He was in the sexuality packet.”
They’re both wearing mostly black; Steve’s learned over the past few weeks that that’s just what they usually do.  But they’re casual, not on the job: Clint has on a plain black tee and a pair of dark jeans.  Natasha has on a rather short black skirt, black hose, and a maroon tank.  They both slip on heavily tinted sunglasses and leave Steve goofily squinting at them against the backdrop of the setting sun.
“Bruce, would you like-“ Jane’s offer is interrupted by an abrupt knock on the door.  Everyone stops, exchanging curious looks.
“Twenty.”
“Yes, well, I suppose all things considered, I do have the better end of that stick.”  He grabs a bottle of mineral water from the doublewide refrigerator and cracks it open.  By the time the heavy stainless steel door falls closed, Natasha has disappeared from the room.
“It even happens to me sometimes, Ms. Potts, he wears on us all.”  Steve glances at Tony again, knowing the fond smile that claims his face when he locks eyes on the man must give him away.  “And I wouldn’t change him for the world.”
“Did you make a resolution?”
As she wheels him down the hallway, he catches a glimpse of an observation room; its windows overlook the medical bay.  The small space is littered with bodies.  Men in dark uniforms.  There isn’t any blood.
.”  Steve clues Tony into what Bucky’s getting at. Tony repositions himself accordingly. Steve cries out and nearly sits up when Tony closes his mouth over his hole, sucking and kissing before thrusting his tongue inside.
But Steve follows Bucky’s request.
This part of the shipyard is empty this time of night and there are plenty of metal barrels suitable for disposal purposes.  He won’t even have to drag the body far from where the Captain currently stands.
“We’ll discuss this later.”
Bruce looks up from his work as Tony enters.  He lifts his glasses from where they sit crookedly on his nose and pockets them carefully.
“He likes expensive location shooting out in the middle of the god forsaken desert. Who in their right mind likes the desert? I’ve seen enough desert to last me two lifetimes.” He arches an eyebrow at her before turning on his heel and marching onward, tossing another criticism over his shoulder. “I also hear he’s a mean old drunk.”
When Steve turns from the shower, deciding to wait for the water to warm, he comes face-to-face with his own reflection in the mirror of the medicine cabinet above the sink. What he sees is startling.
“At five this morning, I’m sure.  Before your pre-dawn workout and your mid-morning marathon.”
“This isn’t my first, exactly.” Steve admits, casting his gaze about the lobby. He’s not looking for Tony – he’s
“Same reason as you, I suppose.”
Steve’s leaving his side and
Tony ruts against Steve shamelessly, earning him a small, surprised gasp.  It shouldn’t be so hot that Steve still gets shocked when he feels Tony’s arousal, like he can’t believe he’s the one who can cause that reaction.
lusion.”  Tony’s sarcastic advice is met with a stern frown.
“Fuck,” Tony breathes, wishing again that he could drag this out, tease Steve until he's begging for it. Instead, he slides inside Steve in one long, protracted push, not stopping until he bottoms out, snug against Steve’s body. “Fuck, you feel good,” he can’t hold back, but luckily he remembers to whisper.
Steve curls his hand around the back of Bucky’s neck and brings him back down for another kiss. He’s not going to last, not like this.
.  It must be a funny choice because everyone laughs, even Thor.
“Tony, these aren’t ready for anyone to look at. Really. They’re barely in the beginning stages—“ Bruce tries to intervene, but Tony angles away from him as he pulls another drawing free.
But he can’t do it.  Not this.
“Tony, you could make someone up for all I know, I don’t think it matters.”  He looks at Tony through their reflections in the mirror as he lathers his face.
“A bigger age gap than
Bucky mistakes Steve’s steady gaze as implied derision, as if Steve means to wordlessly question his stance on the subject.
“Too late, I’m coming in,” Tony declares, throwing himself in between them and wrapping them in an exuberant hug. Belatedly, it occurs to him that he's only wearing an undershirt, boxers, and his dressing gown, and that he may not have showered in a few days, but then again, Rhodey is probably used to him, and Carol, if she's going to date his best friend, probably should know what to expect from him as well. “I can’t believe you finally had the gumption, gumdrop!”
“I want to talk to him.”  Someone interrupts, a voice that Tony doesn’t know.  But Fury draws his gun instantly, training it on the man now standing behind Tony.
“I want you inside me.” Tony is already undoing Steve’s belt when the elevator slows to a stop. His stomach swoops low at the cessation of movement. Despite the obvious need to restore themselves to some level of decorum before entering the hallway, Tony slips a hand down the front of Steve’s pants anyway, stroking down his full length over the thin cotton of his underwear.
To his surprise, Natasha swiftly moves in close and wraps her arms around him.  He tenses, startled, lifting his arms off to his sides as she presses close.
sitting near a pretty resistant strain of Ebola.” Bruce nods to a culture dish a few inches from Tony’s hand.  Tony instinctively moves in the other direction but then stops, knowing better.
“Steve…” Tony wants to wrap his arms around Steve’s waist and bury himself in Steve’s warmth, feel him seep into his bones. Steve puts a hand out to stop him, gentle but firm against his shoulder. Tony blinks at him, dazed; he feels a little inebriated himself. Steve makes his head spin without even trying, just by proximity.
There is something comforting about the fact his art studio is just about as far away from Tony’s workshop as the tower allows.  Down here, Steve’s almost able to forget that he and Tony are in the same building.
“Be there in a minute.”  Bucky hangs back, nudging Steve to go on.  Steve doesn’t bother pointing out that Bucky’s now being just as obvious as the others had been ten minutes earlier.
“He loves you?”
Tony tilts his face up to look at him as he moves in to wrap his fingers around Tony’s collar. His wet hands dampen the deep red silk of Tony’s robe as he tugs it open; his palms warm Tony’s cool skin as he skims his hands down Tony’s sides to settle on his hips.
“It doesn’t work,” Steve mumbles.
It’s not until they squeeze onto the southbound N train that it occurs to Steve that Tony had been fine throughout, calmly calling over Steve’s shoulder to direct him where to go as Steve practically dragged him along.
The first thing that he becomes aware of as he stirs slowly is the cold.  He’s freezing, and he can’t move.
"The whole dang neighborhood could hear her.”
It may not be romantic or erotic love, but whatever it is Bucky feels for Steve, it’s fierce.
“Oh, did he now. Could you send that over?” Her phone buzzes almost immediately and she takes it away from her ear, clicking on something and then nodding once to herself. She returns to her phone call. “I see.” Pause. “No, this is the first I’ve heard of it. It certainly is very enlightening and clarifies quite a few things on my end.” Another pause. “Yes. Let me confer with Mr. Stark about that matter, and I will have him get back to you shortly.”
Darcy leaves behind bright red lipstick on the edge of her glass. She’s got a pretty smile, and her eyes spark with mischief to accompany her wide grin.
He draws in a deep breath of the night air as he steps outside.  The fog in his head clears just a little.  Standing at the curb, Steve tilts his face toward the inky black sky, imagining the stars that surely still exist despite being obscured by the city lights.
James watches it all.
“Good Captain!  You have awoken!  Come, I have made myriad flavors of delicious pastry to break fast with you all.”
“I’m sorry about that,” Steve apologizes anyway, ignoring Tony’s innuendo but acknowledging the underlying point.  “I thought that you might…” He makes an
“Three months ago your house exploded, you were presumed dead.  Then you saved nearly everyone on Air Force One, before saving the President himself from being killed on live television by the Mandarin.”
The door sticks and he has to put his shoulder into it to get it open.  The room smells of bleach and air conditioner fluid and it’s dark, save for the faint blue glow of his arc reactor and the sliver of warm yellow light that’s seeping from the bathroom door.  It’s cracked open about an inch to let steam escape.
“You really shouldn’t have bothered.  I mean, this isn’t some Life Model Decoy situation, you
He knows Pepper won’t agree, but he thinks Vegas with Tony might be fun.
the head of his crew. When he leaves the soundstage to walk the backlot in his work clothes, he always feels a bit underdressed.
“They're wrapping up.” Tony shrugs, then circles back from the bar to reclaim his seat on the chaise. He stretches out lazily and kicks up his slippered feet, feigning indifference to the topic at hand. “I have good people on it, people I trust. Pepper's at the helm.”
“Not this again. What about it?”
mention it and refer to it as the W.C. or the loo so he has to ask you what you mean.”
“Tony,” he says again, in an entirely different register. Lust shoots through Tony’s veins like a drug.
if you’re not sure.”
There was a reason he'd left a note.
“Well, you shouldn’t.  If Bruce were here right now, he’d back me up.”  The train jostles as it rises slightly, air pressure changing as it finishes going under the East River and Tony slips his hands downward to steady himself, palms warm against Steve’s stomach through his thin Kill Rock Stars t-shirt.  Steve looks down, vaguely amused, as Tony’s voice trails off, finger tracing down the centerline of his ab muscles.  “Okay.
“Only every day since he got switched back.” He says flatly.  “It’s not like you’ve been subtle. Something’s clearly bothering you, so he’s upset, and frankly, I’m confused. Because Steve and I have been together for over a year now, and I thought that we were cool. I thought maybe that we might even be considered…friendly, let’s say, if not friends. But suddenly you hate me, and I suspect it’s for the same reason I used to hate you.”
Steve looks over his shoulder at the pile of glass, the shards still too big for his purposes.  He’s going to need to break them down even further with a hammer.  He gives Tony what’s become his standard explanation for anything he does down here.
“Your mother brought you beer?”
“You vouched for him, didn’t you.” Gabe doesn't phrase it as a question because everyone already knows the answer. Steve shrugs a little, not about to explain himself. Scott’s a decent fellow, and when he came to Steve, desperate and broke, and asked for any help he could offer, Steve had been glad to go to bat for him with the producer of this picture.
“Keep it down, James. You know this isn’t like him. Maybe he’s sick.”
“This isn’t going as smoothly as I’d hoped.” He admits. “I have the start up capital, maybe I should have gone ahead and built my own backlot, bought all new equipment. That’s what I get for listening to Coulson. Minimizing risk, my ass.” Tony sticks his hands in his pockets and takes a long, surveying look over the P.I.’s office that Steve just left.
But when he enters the secure briefing room and not a single soul will meet his eyes, Steve realizes this emergency meeting may not be due to new threat to the populace but may in fact regard something directly pertaining to him.  Even Thor is uncharacteristically solemn, his blonde head bowed.
“Any messages?”
“You should know, I’m holding back a
No one else will ever get to see Steve like this.  Touch him like this.  No one else will share his bed, or share those easy early morning smiles or late night embraces.
Walking to the hotel with Steve has that weight, that importance, but Tony’s unfamiliar with the feeling that things are taking a turn for the better, not the worse. He’s never had his life change right in front of his eyes and been brimming with hopeful anticipation like he is right now.
“We taking the bike?” Natasha asks.
“You’re insane, go to sleep.” Tony mutters, reaching up and grabbing the book along its top edge. Bucky doesn’t startle, he just turns his head slowly and looks down at Tony, raising an eyebrow. He pries Tony’s fingers off the book and places them back on Steve’s arm.
“What did you used to do?”
Tony doesn’t get a chance to reply as Natasha comes out of the house and squeezes passed the two men, ducks down the stairs toward him and Jan.
“Hmmm?”
“And if the answer leads to more questions, Tony?” Steve asks, crossing his arms over his chest protectively. Tony reaches out and runs a hand through Steve’s hair.
He grabs the stout green glass bottle of Agua Lavanda from Steve’s dresser top and unscrews the top. He gargles a swig of the cologne and then spits it into Steve’s trash, not having any other options. It’s hardly a toothbrush and mouthwash, but it’s something.
“Hey-“ Steve starts, surprised at finding his hand now empty, Tony having lifted his glass.  Tony grins, eyeing him as he downs the rest of Steve’s drink.   He puts it back in Steve’s palm as soon as he polishes it off, and then turns back to Pepper.
Tony’s house in Aspen is too huge to rightly be called a house.  It’s a version of the tower horizontally adjusted for a mountain setting.  As Tony and Pepper set about their business, catching up on phone calls and paperwork and getting all settled, Steve stands in the great room alone.
“I’m also the one who’s gonna save our asses.”  Tony announces, already flying toward the undulating light.  “I’ve calculated a weakness in the energy field.  If I hit the barrier at high velocity directly at the center of the dome, I should be able to penetrate it and perhaps disable it.  Whatever’s there is allowing these creeps to complete the circuit and teleport down.”
Peter had, of course, noted Tony’s clothes off-handedly when they met up earlier that day, and even remembered thinking that something looked a little off, that his shirt seemed too big, but now his outfit takes on a whole new meaning.
It’s probably better than living in Brooklyn, where his old neighborhood is little more than a fading memory.
“I really think I should come along.”  Bucky is following after her, evidently continuing a conversation that had begun behind closed doors.
In the first frame, Bucky is giving Steve bunny ears because they’re apparently giant dorks, and Clint is doing his best Blue Steel.  A simple round magnet mostly obscures the second frame.  The third shows Steve hearing, Bucky seeing, and Natasha speaking no evil, while Clint, his fingers out in devil horns and his tongue wagging in a way that would make Gene Simmons jealous, apparently
“You’re already falling to pieces, Steve.  Let me finish the job.  You can even blame me, if you want to. ”  Tony offers this with the practiced ease of a man used to being hated and it makes Steve’s gut twist painfully.
A sharp laugh escapes him – Steve can’t help it. Leave it to Tony to say something so outrageous at a time like this. The laugh unexpectedly turns into a choked off sob, one emotion shaking another loose.
Tony nods down to the sketchbook in Steve’s lap.
Pierce looks at him coldly.
His own come makes Steve’s channel even more slick and he slips out with a gratifying squelch. He and Steve had decided on night one to go without rubbers, and this is why. They both love the sight and sound of this, filling each other up and then dripping out; parts of themselves left so deeply inside one another, even if only for a while.
“Your
“Tony?”
Steve sends an entreating glance in Bucky’s direction, desperate for a rescue. Usually, he and Bucky are constantly in some kind of contact throughout an evening. Even if they aren’t by each other’s side, he’s always aware of where Bucky is and how he’s faring, while Bucky is silently watching out for him. Natasha refers to it as an unbreakable rubber band, only allowing one to stretch so far before snapping back within reaching distance.
“Besides the message I literally just took from Mr. Ross?” Pepper hands him the pink
“What?”
“Like this apartment is comforting?”  Tony raises an eyebrow.  Steve doesn’t reply but he visibly swallows hard, a shadow crossing over his face like a power source abruptly cutting out and then switching back on – brief but very dark.
“I was knocking.  Apparently you two were otherwise
“Eeesh.”  Tony shakes his head adamantly, refusing to take it.  “If you think Scorsese’s version of New York is brutal, you probably won’t care for that one either.”
“Maybe hit Other Music afterward?”  Bruce suggests, talking over Natasha.  “I’m desperate for something experimental, electronic.”
“Steven America is much better, you should consider a legal change.  Hey, if Rhodey were here, you’d hit the trifecta, the trio, you’d collect the complete set.  Pep, tell me, where is our darling James Rhodes right now?”
It’s safe and warm in the apartment, so inviting against the dark, snowy night that blusters so much harsher around the tower, this high above the ground.
“Bucky,” Steve says quietly, and Bucky rolls his eyes.
Or more likely the first time he’s noticed.
“You know what you meant, Tony.”  Steve stubs out the cigarette on the railing and tosses the butt into the pot of dirt Bucky’s been using as an ashtray. “And I don’t appreciate you coming here when all I’m doing is giving you exactly what you wanted.”
Steve’s hand is strong against the back of his neck now and Tony closes his eyes tightly before letting Steve pull him in.  If he looks at Steve, he’ll lose the battle and the war in one fell swoop.  His willpower has never been that strong to begin with.
“Besides, I don’t have a pressing need to hear Lady Gaga and if I did, s’pose that’s what an iPod is for.” Steve turns back from the fridge, carton of milk in hand.  Tony hesitates a moment, pulling himself away from evaluating Steve’s living space and focusing back on the conversation.
“Captain America?”
"Yeah?" Tony urges him on gently, though he already gets a sense of where Steve's going.
type of significant way—”
“Eyes on the prize, Cap,” Tony warns, and he swears Steve looks up into the air and
“Before doing that portrait, you should clarify that it’s a ‘clothes-on’ kinda likeness, Cap.  I might get jealous if you’re staring for hours at a naked Thor.”  Tony leans in, angling in front of him to get a look at what Steve’s carving.  Steve turns the pumpkin a little so Tony can get a better view.
In for a penny, in for a dollar, he figures.
He’d turn the television on, but he’d searched the channels earlier, twice, and found nothing interesting.  There’s a new saying about that, he knows, but he can’t quite remember how it goes.  But he agrees with the sentiment. TV had been cutting edge technology when he’d gone off to the war; now even he’s bored with it.   There’s more of everything these days, yet nothing feels right.
“That.  It’s hard enough for me, being here.  Can’t imagine what it’s like for you.”
rubber stamp.  He flips the folder shut with a curt flick of his hand and moves on.
They rest back against the pillows, heads mere inches apart, and Bucky pushes Steve’s hair back from his sweaty forehead as they look at one another.
“Did I promote you? Is this your job?” Tony grumbles from beneath the down pillow, willing it to come to life and smother him.
“Why are you doing this? Why come to me first, why not just run them?” Steve moves so Loki is no longer between him and the exit, but Loki circles around him and edges him back toward the sinks.
“Honey, I don’t know how this town hasn’t eaten a sweet thing like you alive.” She reaches up and pinches his cheek. “You’re unreal, like a unicorn or Rita Hayworth’s hair.” Steve’s furrowed brow gives away his momentary confusion, and Janet winks at him. “What, you thought that girl was a real red head?” She pats his arm, her peal of laughter tinkling like a bell.
“We were afraid you might have given up your territory,” Clint remarks, practically vaulting over the counter and onto one of the bar stools near where Tony stands.  “Since the tower’s been overrun with crazyass superheroes.”
Bucky lets out a long, deep exhale and watches the cloud of smoke blow away on the wind. His breath, fogging in the cold December air, chases after it.
“Yes.”
“He did? He didn’t…he didn’t happen to leave a message for me, did he?” Steve shouldn’t ask, but he wants to make sure. Chase shakes his head.
lands as hard as a punch to the gut. The thought of Steve injured in a violent fall is replaced with the equally unwelcome image of Steve and Tony together, bathed in soft light and warm, soapy water, Steve cradled in Tony’s arms as Tony runs his hands over Steve’s pale, bare skin.
“Sorry, which shirt?” Tony greets him, coming from around the corner where he’d been reorganizing some of his tools. He probably had heard maybe a third of what Steve just said.
If someone had told him that night that right now he would be feeling so worried at the prospect of seeing Steve, he would've found it unfathomable.
“She does okay.”
“Have I done something wrong?”  Steve asks, smiling nervously, his pulse picking up.  Fury points to the empty chair beside Natasha.
JARVIS shuts off the holo on his own, evidently throwing in his own two cents as to what should rate Tony’s undivided attention at this moment.
He had been worried things would feel different,
But Steve never moves his gaze, the flickering images slanting light and shadow over the sharp planes of his handsome face.
for god damn
it, do you want it?”
“Here.”  Bucky hands him a scotch and soda and takes a long drink of his own.  He keeps his eyes carefully trained on Tony the whole time.  “I knew your dad, y’know.  Don’t think I told you that.”
Steve reaches out and turns off the water. He doesn’t break with Tony’s gaze as he steps out of the tub. The tile slicks under his feet, water dripping from his hair, down his arms and legs. He steps forward carefully, slowly, until Tony’s only inches away.
But he doesn’t mean it’s changed in the obvious ways.  For Tony, it’s smaller than that…and larger than that.  It’s something intangible, a sense that the city he once knew is somehow just…gone.
“Looks like you’re stuck with me, then.”  Tony slams back his last shot and lets Pepper pull him in.  There’s really not much room for dancing and Steve’s only a few feet away as he sways with Pepper to the thrum of the upright bass.
He presses a kiss to Steve’s shoulder and then rubs his thumb over the spot gently in a small circle.  He wishes he could get his name tattooed into Steve’s skin.
“What brought you down here?”  Steve asks instead, crossing the mat to where Tony sits at the edge.  “If you were looking to train for awhile, we can get out of your hair.”
Tony puts space back between them as they both chuckle nervously over the abrupt intrusion of reality.
“Oh.  Well.  Make it work.”
“May not have fired the shot, but it’s my fault that he died.”
“You know what, Rogers,” Tony squeezes him slightly, not about to let him get away with that nonsense. They don’t lie to each other, not anymore. “I know you heard what he said out there.”
“Have I argued any other way?”  He asks, glancing back, and Natasha offers a slight shrug in response.  “Right now, you’re what’s best for the situation.”
“Tony…” Steve breathes as Tony leans in and presses kisses to the insides of Steve’s thighs, feeling the muscles tremble underneath his lips.  He continues stroking and his mouth caresses everywhere else, following the lines of Steve’s abs and breathing in that heady scent of sex that he never would have believed could hang on Steve.
It had been around midnight when he came down to the kitchen for something to drink; he’d found the idea of returning to his room unbearable.  In truth, he’d been half-hoping to find Tony awake too, but he’s happily ensconced in the master suite with Pepper.  As well he should be.  Steve can’t begrudge the man that.
a bit one of a kind and all.”
“You’re a liar, Tony Stark.” Pepper uncrosses and re-crosses her legs, then folds her hands primly over one knee.
“Another day at Avengers Tower.  I need a beer.”
*******
His jawline is cut from stone, his cheekbones equally chiseled. At this angle, Tony has yet to see his face in its full glory, but in profile, he’s striking. He still has a fingertip of his tan work glove caught between his teeth, his full, pink lips seeming to mouth something against the leather as he finishes his task.
“Anything is a broad offer, Steven.” Loki’s words unfurl like a snake, hissing in his ear. “
“Better for now if you stay safe and out of sight, Dr. Ross.  Last thing we need is for Hulk to think you’re in any kind of danger.  Natasha and I will head up and try to engage.  We can’t have him leaving the premises and if we need to take some hits to do that, so be it.”
“Hey.”  He greets Bucky quietly as he steps out onto the fire escape, the metal grating rattling slightly.  The night has turned cool.  Bucky exhales a long stream of smoke and holds out his cigarette to Steve wordlessly.  He takes it between two fingers and brings it to his lips.  He stands close enough to Bucky that their arms brush as they both lean against the railing, bent forward with their elbows resting on cold metal.  After his drag, he taps the ash away and hands it back to Bucky.  “They say now that smoking is unhealthy.  Guess it gives you cancer and a whole lot of other nasty things.”
short reels!” Bucky grins widely, his teeth clenching down on the cigarette dangling from the corner of his mouth. Steve cheeks flush in embarrassment even though those silly films were over years ago now. Bucky’s gotten enough mileage out of them that they should no longer matter, yet he still can make Steve turn pink at the mere mention of them.
“I don’t know…can’t imagine anyone finding it
“How long has he been like this?” Steve asks quietly after the door slams.
“I just watched you do it.  I can do it.”   Steve physically moves him back and takes his place.   “Put on the suit.”  Tony stares at Steve’s fingers, moving exactly over the keys Tony first tried to access SHIELD.  “
- work here with Barnes.”
With Jarvis on his mind, when Tony comes up to the first floor and sees lights on in the kitchen, his first thought is of the butler and the way he’d be up before the sun everyday, without fail.  When he turns the corner, Tony half expects to find him there, puttering around the kitchen, polishing the silver.
“Tone, I gotta go, but try to calm yourself the hell down.  You sound nuts and you gotta be driving poor Pepper crazy.”
“I get it. No more blind dates.” Natasha takes his hand and pulls him back toward the house. Bucky and Darcy are laughing raucously over something now, Thor holding Jane in his arms as they look on, fondly. “But Steve, you’re kidding yourself if you think you’re not
“Your father may have been an asshole, Stark, but he wasn’t a
? ‘Whatever shakes out’?” Steve spits. There’s only anger on his face now, his fine, delicate features turning pinched and sharp. “What kind of person do you think I am?”
“Sorry about that, Sleeping Beauty,” someone says as the bedroom door opens. Steve snaps his head up toward the sound, panicked. “I ordered breakfast, but the floor just ate half of it. You’d think I’d be less clumsy – and you’d be right – but apparently this morning my motor functions are impaired. I think maybe you fucked the dexterity right out of me – Steve?”
Bucky Barnes had wiped that smile from existence and Tony hadn’t been able to muster one since. He pushes the dark thoughts from his mind and focuses on the great news that made him grin in the first place.
“Tony, please.”
. And I do mean
It would be inconvenient, but Steve remembers the days of his youth when an attack would set in and panicked onlookers would simply stand there at a loss for what to do, or worse, pat him on the back and tell him to
The others must expect him to break down the door and get in there with them, but that’s not who he is or how he does things.  He’s stubborn and determined, but he’s not thoughtless, or dumb.  They don’t get that his only option is to wait until Tony opens up.
, of all people – and they do a long series of silly stupid finger snap flick kind of gestures before ending with a fist bump explosion.  Steve chuckles over it like it’s the best thing he’s ever done and Bucky mouths something like
“I'm sure she is.” Carol smirks, but good-naturedly. “Whatever you're paying her, it's not enough.”
“Because I’ve been thinking about it, and maybe it wouldn’t be such a horrible thing –”
of – the strange pull of attraction between them, Steve doesn’t quite trust the man, or trust himself around him.
“What I meant was, I don’t think it was a coincidence.”  Her words are carefully measured and weighed.  “I think seeing Captain America on television, in the newspapers, and for all we know, possibly in person, prompted the break.  I think
He’s denied himself this ever since he understood what
Steve tenses involuntarily, sucking in a sharp breath. He’s a bit sore, still. His whole body aches in a pleasurable way, but between his legs is particularly tender, and maybe a little too much so. He and Bucky had gotten carried away, perhaps, and it’s not like his body can repair itself quickly like it used to.
“I don’t want to be in it. Your movie. That’s not for me.” Steve states as he stares across the table at Tony, feeling strangely compelled to clarify that it’s just the film specifically that he’s turning down.
For one brilliant moment, Steve sways toward him.  It’s not a kiss.  It’s less than that, it’s not even close, but it promises everything he never thought he could have.
anything.
Steve knows he’s not alone.
Steve thinks back to when they first met, shortly after the war. He’d been such a mess, all jumbled up inside, and Sam had invited him home for supper. By the end of the night, Steve had felt like they’d been friends for years. He certainly had opened up to Sam, unexpectedly letting loose some things he’d been holding tight.
“Tony, fuck, come on - I’m saying it’s bad enough that
“Agent, this is
“Oh.”  Tony bringing up Howard, bringing up the past, stops Steve short.  “I…yeah, I suppose I was.”
He regards Tony; briefed or not, Tony’s clearly feeling him out for something.  Steve doesn’t understand what, as Tony can get access to any information he wants easier than ever these days.
“Well, for this picture she’s going to handle the make-up for during and after the fight scene, but mostly…I hired her to piss off her father, if I’m being honest.” Tony chuckles.
Steve’s very existence might actually drive him crazy.  All the shit he’s been through in his life, the terror and the betrayal and the heartache he has
“Exactly. And tolerating each other ain’t gonna cut it if we’re really gonna give this a go. So…I mean, I know you're quite literally the middle man, but when Tony gets back—much as I hate to say it ‘cause it’s gonna be awkward as hell—we should all sit down together and talk. All three of us.”
Steve arches an eyebrow at the phrasing and Tony catches on to his meaning.
It’s hours too late and well after dark by the time he slips into his and Pepper’s shared bedroom.  He hasn’t packed up her things, because they never officially ended it, but he knows what awaits him now because it’s the only option he left her.
“Look. Babe. You don’t have to tell me anything if you don’t want to. I just don’t want you to feel like you
Tony claps him on the shoulder.
Stepping up onto the sidewalk, he adjusts the worn strap of his messenger bag, which at this point seems held together more by the music and film festival wristbands he has wrapped around it than by actual fabric and thread.  It takes him a moment to lean over and unhook the portable radio he’d snapped to the bars of the bike, but he eventually gets it loose.  He turns off NPR and tucks the radio away in his bag beside the bundle of photography books he’d bought early that morning at Strand.
