He wasn’t surprised by her upset or anger. It was ingrained in them by the Academy to hate the United States. The night was tense and the vodka was the only thing that had united them.
He regarded Tony with a small smile and studied his face. Tony always had a way to make him feel better. He was so grateful to have him in his life.
in the press I may not be too happy with you…” Peter added as an afterthought, pressing the back of his head into Wade's chest. He may continue to date Wade but it didn’t mean he had to be totally okay with him breaking the big laws. He was human after all.
“You are adorable,” Tony commented, drawing his gaze. “I can’t wait to see you fuss about the actual wedding.”
“This is worse than torture,” Tony groaned, falling back onto the trodden grass. “And I’ve actually been tortured so I am sort of an expert in these things…”
Steve confirmed that Peter was his son and that his mother was dead but he did not reveal who she was or the fact that Hydra was involved and had raised and experimented on him the first two years of his life.
He gently ran his fingers over the marks and whispered, “I’m still getting used to my strength. I didn't hurt you any, did I?”
That drew a small smile to Steve’s face and Tony continued, “Now, now, that smile is not big enough. Where is that pearly white smile that puts the white stripes of the American flag to shame?”
Peter dragged Harry over to the workstation and picked up one of his bobbles to show his friend. The particular piece Peter picked up lit up whenever he flicked a switch. Peter excitedly explained to Harry what it did.
“Get out of the way now Mr. Stark or I will arrest you for obstructing justice,” the detective growled. His partner was already moving up the rubble with his gun drawn.
Tony cupped the hand on his cheek, his eyes became glassy and his voice thicker with emotion as he replied, “To me you were dead just yesterday…”
Bruce sealed the last of the stones into the holding case he had made especially for them and handed it to Bucky. He reminded him, "Remember, you have to return the stones to the exact moment we got them or you're going to open a lot of nasty alternative realities."
“And what about all the people who would have seen you crawl down the side of my tower?” Tony replied. “Would they have ignored you?
“I got this, Pep,” Tony assured her. “I’m going to hook this thing up to my systems and figure out how to get him out of there safely. That’ll be the easy part…” He crossed his arms and, without looking at Pep, he stated truthfully, “The hard part will be what to do once he’s awake. He’s not the man he once was…he’s Hydra’s now.”
“Yes, we usually eat breakfast in the mornings,” Steve chuckled. When he’d first moved in, Tony was such a sourpuss about eating so “early” but he'd gotten used to Steve’s eating habits and started to join him with no fuss.
Regardless, Steve’s body was vibrating with adrenaline and the taste of Tony was still on his tongue.
Tony faced the room. Dozens of dark shadows were entering the room through the broken windows. Tony yelled back, “THIS IS PRIVATE PROPERTY! I HAVE THE RIGHT TO SHOOT ANYONE WHO TRESPASSES OR THREATENS TO SHOOT ME!”
The pressure released his chest and Tony could not but feel a little down. So much for that fantasy.
“Nope,” Tony announced. “Not going to happen. Let’s call you something that does not dehumanize you, eh? How about…” Tony searched his mind for the past he shared with Bucky and then grinned to himself. “We’ll call you ‘Jerk.’”
“It’s her,” Tony replied, his face growing stony. “You’re right. She isn’t human but an android. She does not have any weapons.”
“What…is that?” Jim gasped and everyone’s attention was directed to the flickering blue glow that was being revealed.
Steve grabbed Tony and pulled him away from the bed so quickly Tony barely had time to requester it and the explosion at the same time. He pushed Tony against the wall and placed himself between Tony and whatever just exploded.
Coulson messaged and called him several times, wanting to know what exactly Tony wanted to talk about, but Tony ignored them all in favor of going through SHIELD personnel files. He was too busy sorting out who exactly was SHIELD and who was Hydra and looking for Bucky to explain to the agent that his organization was a wolf in sheep’s clothing.
He sat down on the cot next to Tony and picked up the damp cloth Howard had left on Tony’s forehead. He gently wiped away the excess water droplets that had dripped from the cloth and then wiped down the areas around Tony’s face and neck where Steve used to overheat when he was feverish.
They left Peter with Natasha and Bucky. Peter was adamantly against it and fought Bucky’s hold with all his strength. The other super soldier gritted his teeth but held onto the boy.
The fact continued to pierce his very soul and a part of him still refused to believe the cold hard facts. It was just too cruel that’d he’d lose Tony this way just as they were reunited.
Tony was going to be sick. His son...Peter was being hurt right in front of him and he couldn't stop it.
Steve flinched when he called him "Capsicle." Tony only called him that when he was annoyed with him. Steve dropped his head again and asked in a broken whisper, “D-Does that mean y-you want to break up?”
He didn’t even notice the obvious signs that this thing was dangerous. Looking back on it now it was glaringly obvious but Wade had been too enamored to take note. It was his fault this got so bad. Maybe if he’d noticed sooner, Venom wouldn’t have gotten so strong and –.
There were not many people at the park but Steve did not leave Peer’s side. The events of Central Park were never far from his mind. Steve played with Peter on the jungle gym, pushed Peter on the diaper-like toddler swing, and started to dig a hole to China in the sand.
Steve was quick to mask his pain and he replied, “Tony is still at the Tower. I didn’t tell him I was coming here. I wanted to check on you and –
He ordered a beer anyways and nursed it as he took his phone out of his pocket. He opened the internet app and typed in Tony’s name in the search bar. After scrolling through all the drama about him and Tony being mated, Steve found older articles on his mate.
Despite what many must have thought, with all the rumors and the playboy stigmata he carried, Tony was a romantic at heart. It probably didn’t help that he’d jokingly tell people that he’d go to a strip club when his timer was about to go out. In the end, it was his damn heart that pushed him to decide he was going to be sitting on the very bench his parents had first met when he finally met
“So it’s paperwork important,” Tony deduced. He nodded to himself and said, “Yeah, I’m not here.” He leaned back down and sought out the gear he was just working with. He mumbled to himself, “Is it weird that I miss the excitement from end of the world important?”
“Uncle Bucky…Can I go see…my-my fathers?” Peter stated the plural patriarchal term carefully as he cautiously tested it out.
Up close, Tony’s condition revealed itself to be worse. It looked like the Goblin was trying to inflict the most pain he could on Tony when he battered him. The bruises and abrasions probably covered his entire body but all Steve could see was Tony’s face and that alone made him sick.
Steve quickly crossed the room and embraced Peter as he sunk into Wade’s arms. Peter held both men with a white-knuckled grip and gasped for breath as he fought back tears. Tony felt his own eyes burn for his son. He wanted to jump out of the bed and hold him to show him how much he loved him and how sorry he was for all of this but his stupid body was still too hurt to move.
The entire building roared with excitement and Marston leaned back in his chair and seemed to laugh, Steve could not tell if he actually did because it was so loud.
“I’ll use my suit,” Tony explained hoarsely to Steve once they were alone. “I’ll get you out of the plane before it crashes and then we’ll grab the tesseract and go back to the future together.”
Acting like nothing had happened between him and his AI, Tony stalked to the bed with a feral grin and jumped onto Steve with a growl.
Steve went back to the elevator and waited for Tony there with his back to the bathroom. He practiced some of Bruce’s breathing exercises and they helped tremendously to calm him down.
Tony wrapped his arms tightly around Peter and pressed his face into the side of his neck. He whispered, “Please be careful and safe and call for
Steve was the team’s BBQ master. There was no question who was put in charge of the grill. Anyone else would have burnt the meat or undercooked it. Steve considered the grill his property and no one on the team disputed it, not even Tony.
The Chinese food came and was brought to the community room but neither Tony nor Steve had the energy to move. Bruce also did not go up but that was only because he was too wrapped up in his research to hear Jarvis tell him there was food available.
Tony nodded to Eddie as he slipped past him and then he waited until the door closed behind the intern to he direct his gaze back to Peter.
“Good Old’ TGI Fridays showed me the way,” Wade replied slowly meandering around the lab and getting closer to Peter.
Melting under his gaze, Tony murmured, “Have I reminded you how much I love you in the last ten minutes?”
!” Clint gasped and then added with mock horror, “There are children here!” Clint covered Thor’s eyes and the Norse God cocked his head to the side in confusion.
Bruce jumped up and pulled the holo to him. In a more calmer voice, he said, “Think, Brock. You made this. You know everything that went into it. This is your baby. You probably dream of its chemical deposition in your sleep. What can weaken it?”
Steve huffed a small laugh and both of his eyebrows rose as he smiled at Tony. He was lying in bed, eating his second bowl of cereal that Tony had artfully prepared. Tony had his feet propped up on the bed with his laptop on his lap as he worked out the final details with Coulson on the Avengers’ reemergence.
“Friday said Wade was looking for me but…why are you here? Weren’t you helping the Guardians with –.” Tony fully turned toward Peter and Peter’s eyes grew comically large. He stumbled over his words as he gasped, “Oh, my God! D-Dad!? Why – Why do you have the old arc reactor
, my lost soul…But, once again, you elude me…” She fully cupped his face and he felt his entire side grow numb. She removed her hand and the feeling rushed back. She sighed, sounding disappointed and then stated, “Nonetheless, you need to find your lover help or I will take him into my embrace instead.”
“The Circle of Life” playing in the background with their faces imposed on the lions face from different scenes from the movie. It was well made and hilarious. He saved it to his favorite’s playlist.
As much as Steve wanted to stay in Tony’s arms, he had to pull back. He lightly kissed the side of Tony’s neck that was exposed and then looked to his best friend. Natasha had his head cushioned on her lap and she was lightly petting his hair.
Natasha rolled her eyes. Her soulmate was certainly a man of little words. She asked, “What’s your name?”
“Yes...well, Tony considers himself bisexual,” Rogers stated, pulling back his phone. Before putting his phone away, he peered at the screen and a small smile touched his lips. He sealed his phone and stated, “Tony wants to come out but he keeps it a secret because I am not ready. He would never betray my trust just to score a few points with the media, just as he would never do that with you. If you ask it of him, he won’t say a word of it to the media.”
?? Were you too busy this last week to realize the blood sample you had was a fake?? Or that we had been talking to a cyborg the last few days? Wasn’t robotics your specialty?” Steve hissed.
Miles away in Queens, Peter was watching his father and uncle on TV. He was happy they were not fighting a villain for once and was joyfully listening to them recollect their memories with each other. He had heard it many times already but this time it seemed more exciting the way his father and uncle were smiling and the way everyone else seemed to be reacting. He found himself grinning with them but did not know why. He was just happy because the rest of his family was happy.
Before Tony knew it, his home was crawling in agents and equipment was being set up to make this SHIELD’s new HQ. He only noted them when they bumped into something like when one damn near knocked over a priceless Han Dynasty vase and Pepper almost had a heart attack because of it.
They really should talk about their new relationship but…what was there to talk about? Tony was his best friend so he already knew him and
Tony’s heart began to pound wildly in his chest. What if the jolt from Thor’s landing was enough and Steve was already awake?? What if Tony had left the room just as he was waking?? He imagined Steve groggily waking and his stomach twisted with anticipation and uneasy nervousness.
“Me too,” Steve replied with a grin. He paused and then surmised, “You don't look like Peggy, so I guess you aren't her kid either then?”
When Peter finally came, he was flushed bright red, dripping with sweat, and gasping for breath. Wade held him closely, breathing with him and listening to his frantic heartbeat.
In a cautious whisper, Gabe asked, “How did you get into the Army, Tony? Heart conditions mean immediate dismissal.”
Peggy threw back her head and laughed a full minute, making Howard smile. He hadn’t heard her laugh like that since before Steve and Bucky died. She'd grown too serious with her work in SHIELD.
He’d come to accept what lay ahead but Tony’s words woke something inside of him, something he knew to be impossible.
“Then we are not going to tell him how we sucked each other off,” Steve whispered, leaning forward to steal a kiss from Tony.
He nestled himself in a divot in the gear, folded his arms over his chest, and fell into a doze. He was conscious of the rocking train, but his mind wandered into its memories. He returned to a hazy memory of lying beside a healthy Tony. They had just made love and Tony was pressed into his side and just smiling at him in a way that made Steve never want to leave.
Steve, of course, knew something could happen to Tony again. He was a superhero. It came with the job.
“You’re going to be okay, sweetheart,” Steve promised as he gently turned Tony over. Tony’s confused expression became more befuddled with Steve’s words. Steve didn’t think on it nor did he realize what he had let slip. His mind was focused on saving Tony. He wasn’t sure how much longer he would last without the arc reactor so he quickly unwrapped it and gave Tony only a second to register its presence before shoving it in his chest.
“And that’s what made all of my cognitive functions detonate…I was hoping I misheard you. Holy shit, I’m gonna have a kid.” Howard stopped rubbing his head and ran his hand through his hair. His expression was more open than he’d ever seen it. Gone were the teasing eyes and sardonic smile. Howard was shocked with a scared gaze that couldn’t meet anyone’s eyes. He gasped, “The timelines match up…it’s – it’s the Commandos’ Tony, isn’t it?”
“SHUT UP!” The Soldier screamed and punched Steve across the jaw. He went for Steve’s throat but Steve elbowed him in the throat and the Soldier staggered back.
“If it’s Steve’s then he’s still alive. The Soldier wouldn’t drag around a dead man,” Clint reasoned.
“I have no name, only the codename, Winter Soldier. You are the Black Widow, Natasha Romanoff.” He leaned closer and hissed, “Now let me kill you.”
Steve lightly grasped Tony’s side and pulled him closer before answering his friend’s request and lightly touching his lips to Tony's neck. In response, Tony made a moaning noise in his throat that made Steve’s toes curl.
“No, Sir, that happened and the man has already exited the property and it running south along the highway,” Jarvis replied.
Steve hurried away, trying to get distance between him and the scene. He ran into the bar and collapsed at the counter. Ever since Bucky died, he never wanted a drink to intoxicate more than he did at that moment.
He knew his uncle had adopted him but…the term “dad” seemed weird in reference to him. He never thought to use it. After Pops and Uncle Tony’s wedding, life continued as it always did with the exception of the matching Vibranium rings on their left hands.
Jarvis had a new identity ready for Steve within the hour they had schemed it but, after several pop culture references going over Steve’s head, Tony deemed it best he get a proper education before they sent him loose into the real world.
Once the car remained somewhat stable, Tony cleared his throat and then had several holograms opened before him.
Steve was tempted but he shook his head and said, “I’ve got the plan memorized, I can’t possibly memorize any more of it.”
“It is what the files said, Peter. They said she was dead so we believed them,” Steve whispered and he strode back to Tony’s side. Harry stood awkwardly where Steve left him until Steve motioned him to follow him.
Steve looked over his shoulder one last time and saw Tony was being put on a stretcher. He watched his husband until he was taken away then turned back to Venom.
Peter frowned then looked questioningly to Steve. Steve silently nodded to Peter and Peter said, “He said I should ask if Uncle Bucky could train with us…c-cause I love Uncle Bucky…You love him, don’t you, Auntie Tasha?”
He went down to his workshop and, because he was feeling nostalgic still, he opened up his personal files and opened all the images he had of Steve. He wasn’t feeling as sad as he used to when he had first compiled the photos. He looked at the images with a fond smile and, his chest may have been a little tight with sadness, but it bubbled with the warmth of his love for Steve.
They rounded the corner to find Natasha sitting at the counter, nursing a mug of coffee, and Bucky by the oven, cooking something on the stovetop. But Bucky was turned to them and his eyes seemed to get a little glassy, yet he hid whatever emotions he was feeling by sarcastically stating, “I was starting to think Stevie coming back was all a dream until yous started your fuckfest this morning.”
Tony strode straight to Bruce’s lab and went through the door like a man on a mission. Steve was not there but Bruce and Mary were huddled together at a holo-screen, looking at readings.
“I’ll take the laptop,” Tony offered. Sam crossed the room and handed it over with a relieved sigh. Steve went to get out of Sam’s way but Tony grasped his arm and pulled him in. they shared one more quick kiss and Tony reminded him, “I love you, Steve.”
Wade ran his hands down Peter’s body and Peter moved with his touch, encouraging him along. Wade murmured, “You’re even more so.” He kissed him again before he could rebut the comment.
Most were just getting up and packing up their gear before heading to check in with their commanders or grab breakfast so the halls were relatively empty. Steve made sure to walk fast so most wouldn't note his disheveled appearance.
“Is he wearing a backpack as he’s accepting his diploma?” Steve asked, pointing to one of the pictures.
“Unfortunately,” Steve said with a sigh. His chest was still a little tight from watching Tony’s limbs disappear,
Bucky leaned in close and said, “Listen, I had neighbors who were fruits. They were nice guys, soulmates even, but they were arrested
The main stories in them were focused on Steve, and not the investigation, but his love life! They were all trying to guess who the lucky lady was in the ‘stable relationship.’ Many were guessing Natasha, which wasn’t a surprise. They were close friends and worked together on a lot of missions. Steve was actually one of the few people that could make the cold hearted assassin drop her façade for a few seconds to genuinely smile.
James’s heartbeat picked up and beat more quickly than he ever felt before. He scrambled to help and started to unbutton from the bottom of her shirt as she worked from the top. He leaned in and kissed her as he did. When their hands met in the middle, he parted her shirt and embraced her as she wrapped her arms around the back of his head to deepen their kiss. They fell back down on the bed with him on top of her.
“Wow,” the robot man whistled. “It’s the Star Spangled Man himself…though less star and spangled at the moment. I’m Iron Man and, no, I am not made of iron.”
Despite the predicament he was in, Tony had always been brave and all smiles. He never expressed any worry to Steve about his wounds and even before than, since he arrived in the past, Tony did not show much worry about his predicament. But now…but now Steve could plainly see the fear in Tony’s eyes.
Steve grabbed Tony’s cock with one hand, cupping him from outside his trunks. Tony rutted into Steve’s hold and lost himself to absolute ecstasy. He felt his orgasm race through him, lighting up all the neurons in his brain, and setting off sensation all along the pathways of his nervous system. It took him only few gyrations to come into Steve’s hand but it was the most amazing sensation he had ever felt.
Tony looked to Steve desperately. How was he supposed to convince Peter? His entire life he believed Richard was his father. He and Steve were strangers to Peter. Why should Peter believe them?
Tony’s heart was pounding madly against his chest and his feet slammed just as quickly against the stairs. He slid a few times on the slick, metal stairs but never lost his momentum as he bound up the staircase in record time.
Tony wrapped his hand around both of their cocks and Steve’s limbs violently trembled. He almost totally collapsed on top of Tony.
He stared at Tony for a bit, but the man remained unchanging and Howard’s mind continued to churn uneasily. He picked his notebook off the ground and opened it up where he left off, writing formulas to create a new element for Tony’s reactor. He hadn’t found the right balance yet nor did he have any idea how he was going to make it but…he had to do something…
He typed in a few more lines and then hit enter. He paused and watched the screen expectantly before cheering, “Eureka! I’m in!”
Steve laughed despite himself. He enfolded Tony into his embrace and pressed his face against his so their dark, sleep-deprived eyes were centimeters apart. Holding his boyfriend’s eyes, Steve confessed, “I wish you could sit with me…”
Semen, lube, and sweat coated both of their bodies. They had been frantic for more touches than a proper clean up.
They lay in a gooey pile both gasping and spent. Peter eventually pushed himself up by his elbows and smiled down at Wade. He didn’t think it was possible but Peter’s wild hair was even more of a mess after sex. Wade chuckled and ran his hand through his hair.
Tony reached into his pants and touched himself, wanting to come with his mate. Steve pressed his forehead to Tony’s and cupped him outside of his jeans and helped rub him off.
Steve wanted to scream out his frustrations until his throat was bloody and destroy something until his fists were useless. No matter how good it felt he did not want this, he did not want Bucky. He wanted Tony and
Peter looked to his side at the mirror on the wall and saw Tony Stark staring back at him in the reflection. His gaze shot down and shame burned in his gut.
“We were happy and we can be again,” she promised and kissed him again. All reason left him when she kissed him because, at that moment, he believed her.
“Are you beginning to feel it? That empty feeling?” The Red Skull asked as he leaned over him closely. “That entity that is yourself, your very soul, can you feel it breaking yet?”
The machine that he once was, was fighting every move, every thought, everything that he was to gain control.
“They’ve enforced the building. The schematics the city has are useless. There could be anything in there…” Tony stated grimly.
As Peter opened his eyes and took him in, he knew he must have looked bad by the horror in his lover’s eyes. His body was a mess of punctures and he had a few of Venom’s tendrils inside of him, destroying his insides like vengeful worms. His lungs were torn up and flapping uselessly in his chest, making his breathing sound like sand in an exhaust pipe.
Many on the list were their friends, agents of SHIELD, and noted figures in the superhero community.
“We had no idea,” Steve stated. He looked like he should sit down too but the only available space was next to Peter. Neither of them dared to approach him at that moment. They both knew how emotional and traumatizing revealing one’s identity was, but Tony could not imagine what Peter was going through under these circumstances.
“What are you doing here? Where have you been??” Steve grabbed his arm and gasped, “I looked everywhere for you!”
Tony stared down at the model his father had made of the first Stark Expo and saw the element he’d slaved over hidden its design.
Tony left Jarvis with an extra skip to his step and he could feel the AI’s eyes on him even after Tony had left his line of sight.
Natasha could not hold back her twitch as her entire body jerked from her surprise. She questioned, “Both?”
He hadn’t spoken to Steve or Bucky since the day the future had changed and he missed their friendship most of all…Steve especially.
Beneath the table, Tony foot ran up Steve’s calf. Steve felt his cheeks flush but he pretended not to notice and took another sip of his soup. He wasn't going to make this easy on the time traveler after all.
“I won’t let that happen,” Steve yawned and smiled drowsily at Tony. “And if it does, just leave my side again. I think the shock of you leaving me was what woke me up before.”
“I couldn’t make your favorite,” she said apologetically. “We had no blueberries and if I tried to run to the market…”
“There is an intruder headed your way, Sir,” Jarvis warned. “He bypassed the fence and got to the roof in a matter of seconds. I have contacted the authorities but he will reach you in a few more moments.”
Wade jumped to his feet and Peter caught him as he ran into him. Wade was grinning excitedly and it seemed infectious because Peter copied it. Peter grasped his friend’s arm and pulled him in the direction of the surprise wedding.
“When he gonna be back?” Peter asked with a small frown. His facial muscles moved slightly underneath Steve’s fingertips. Only a few days had passed but both Peter and Steve felt Tony’s absence. Steve missed hearing his voice and even missed his maddening sarcasm. Peter seemed lost and it broke Steve to see Peter so confused.
“Yes,” Peter huffed breathlessly. “Yes, you certainly do have an erection and good morning to that – I mean you! Good morning to
“So soon?” Steve gasped, framing Tony’s face with his hands. His heart had started to beat faster because of Tony’s kisses but now it began to race for a whole new reason. The suit was an experiment at best. Tony wasn’t 100% it was going to even function. What if it didn’t work? What would the Ten Rings do?
“I have contacted Ms. Potts and am flying you to her. She has your backup arc reactor,” Jarvis informed him. After the incident with Obadiah, Tony had made spare arc reactors in case something similar had ever happened again. He kept one at his house in Malibu and the other in his lab at the Tower. He, Jarvis, and Pepper were the only ones who knew the location to them.
Tony stepped away from the sink and ran his hands through his hair. He could not help but remember Steve’s fingers massaging his scalp and he shuddered.
Natasha and Wanda were at the bar, mixing drinks and trading secret smirks as they whispered together in Slovenian.
Wade chased after him and caught Peter around the waist. Peter chuckled as Wade turned him around and pulled him to his chest. Wade suggested, “Let’s make out like monkeys.”
Tony smiled warmly at him and was already imagining kissing and touching him again. His addictive personality seemed to have latched onto Steve and he wanted to use him all up and keep coming back for more.
Steve stayed with Tony that night. The emotional upheaval had exhausted Tony and he passed out in Steve’s embrace. Steve lay beside him in the cot but did not sleep.
Steve imitated Tony as he rolled his eyes and he said to Peter, “Peter this is Tony Stark, he is my best friend but he is also the most immoral man you will ever meet.”
Steve’s throat felt tight and he wanted to scream at Tony, to shake him until reasons that made sense became more apparent. Because a future where Bucky
Wade tensed behind him and then buried his face in the crook of Peter’s neck. He playfully murmured, “I wanted you to see my prettier side.”
“Great, then where is he?” Steve asked, slipping off the table. Bruce and Tony exchanged glances and Steve asked, “Thor subdued him, didn’t he?”
She turned on Steve with a snarl, “You choose to become a super soldier. I was a child, only a few years older than Peter, and an orphan! Department X found me and erased who I was and what I was going to be! Were we supposed to have a moment? Was the fact that I am a super soldier too going to make us the best of friends? Were we going to braid each other’s hair and have sleepovers?” She asked cynically.
But now Peter was stuck in the peculiar situation of choosing between being open or closed about their relationship.
“That was the first time I saw him since the helicarriers fell,” Steve retorted with a slight blush. “We aren’t in a relationship…Tony…Tony and I are together…”
The turn around worked and Tony clutched his face in horror, no longer noticing Steve's reaction to Tony’s feelings toward Lana.
“Is this alright?” He asked, unsure of her feelings. She was so independent, he at times wondered if she needed him like he needed her.
I experienced many highs and lows in real life while writing this fic and all your kudos and comments made life a little bit better, so thank you! Until next time! :)
“Uh, sure,” Peter replied. He needed the caffeine to function and he would prefer to have it to be nice and warm going down.
They wobbled and then Steve fell back into the wall. Tony quickly adjusted his legs so he was sitting on his lap and he pushed his hips into Steve. Steve’s fingers dug into the flesh of Tony’s back while Tony’s hands were determined to caress every muscle on this magnificent man’s body.
Tony peered at him questionably then twitched against Steve as if shocked. Tony cautiously touched the arm wrapped around him then slowly ran his hand down Steve’s side before finally clapping his ass.
Once they were inside Steve paused just inside the main room and waited for everyone else to file in. When the door closed and the reporters and protesters’ voices were muffled, Steve released the breath he had been holding in a loud rush of air. Tony placed a hand on his chest and asked with concern, “Are you alright?”
. I was rooted to the spot. I even forgot my mission for a second until Dr. Calvin – the Chameleon – my master, reminded me. I knew the mission was my priority and I kept him there but I could not look away from his eyes and see that unconditional
“Says the man who revealed to the world he was Iron Man the day after the press learned about him,” Pepper retorted sarcastically.
Tony went to the charity ball since it was his ball after all. He half hoped that his hippie, acrobatic, possible stalker Enigma might show, but there had been no sign of him.
He ignored his spidey-sense as she hit him a second time and gasped,” Why didn’t you tell me you were interested in men??”
The tile was cold beneath his feet. His muscles were stiff so he hobbled as he walked. Every step he took was met with a jab of pain from every one of his bullet wounds. If he were a regular man, he would still be bedridden. Thanks to the serum, he would probably be completely healed within a few days.
“You won't regret it,” Tony saucily retorted and then blew the super soldier a kiss as he walked away. The blush rebloomed on Steve's face with a fiery intensity. Tony chuckled as he left Steve alone to recover and regroup himself.
Steve followed the sound of the familiar voice and flinched when he saw Mary’s remains. She had been torn in two. Her top half was leaning against the wall and her lower half lay a few feet away. Her insides were not human but gear, wires, and metal bits and were strewn across the floor.
The priest looked nervously at the SHIELD agents not to far away and then murmured under his breath, “He told me everything about the time traveling and he’s just trying to be with you again.”
The resulting expression on Peter’s face was heartbreaking and he stumbled to a stop. It was just what he wanted but it destroyed him to hurt his son. It had to be done. He had to protect Peter.
After dinner, he told Aunt May he was meeting up with some friends in the city to celebrate some more. She believed him and told him to be quiet when he came in.
Steve gently ran his finger down the journal’s spine one last time and his chest tightened with worry. He closed his eyes and prayed.
Before she could be all high and mighty Tony said, "I need a drink, you need a drink? I'm going to get us some drinks. Martini, right?"
Tony glanced at Steve and he looked pristine, like Tony hadn’t laid a hand on him. Tony looked down at himself and saw the same results.
“I had been hoping you’d figure them both out on your own,” she replied, leaning against the doorframe. “…Do you remember anything? From before?”
Peter had been expecting it but he still hissed in surprise when the shield exploded from the beaker in his arms and deflected the heavy book.
Eventually, between thinking inappropriate and guilty thoughts, Steve decided to give up trying to sleep altogether. He slipped on a bathrobe and ventured to the communal kitchen for a late night snack.
He called Tony and, after several rings, it went to voicemail. Steve bit back another curse. As soon as the phone beeped, Steve hissed into the recorder, “Tony, call me back as soon as you get this! I can’t believe you just broadcasted your address! You’re just asking for trouble! The Mandarin is not some knucklehead villain!
Wade hesitated Peter could tell by the way he held his body and his lips shifted uncertainly against Peter’s mouth. He was probably wary about how much he could touch Peter so Peter raised his calves and pressed the heels of his feet into the dip of Wade’s lower back, pushing him against Peter.
With his mind racing with possibilities and new plans, Norman threaded his fingers in front of him and stated, “I’ll be happy to help, Venom. After all, we are family.”
Wade sipped on whatever alcoholic concoction Natasha had mixed up for him. She guessed correctly on his extreme sweet tooth so he could just barely taste the rum inside. He leaned against the wall and watched Peter interact with his friends.
“…You wouldn’t happen to remember a Steven Edwards, would you?” Steve ironically asked, his voice muffled by Tony's skin and tight throat.
“Can the real Steve please answer?” Bucky asked, smirking at Steve and not talking his gun off the imposter. He already knew but he wanted Steve to answer.
Steve shook his head and replied, “I have no idea if that’s its function, but…maybe you can look it over and determine for yourself?”
They were in their bedroom where no one would walk in on them and interrupt their lovemaking…or so he thought.
Tony led the way by leading Steve away from the hustle and bustle of camp. With his heart rate picking up, Tony took him into the forest where no one would see them.
“Tony!? What are you doing?? Have you not been watching the news!?” Pepper hissed as she stomped angrily into the lab. She spotted him and went straight to him. Yet, when he pulled back his goggles to look at her, her expression of annoyance melted away, only to be replaced with the upmost concern. She sat beside him and brushed his hair out of his face as she worriedly examined him.
He didn’t know what month Tony left for the past in 2009. Was the pre-time travel Tony here? Healthy and completely unaware of Steve’s existence?
. His fingers were already stinging as he imagined the needle pricking him. God, he hated it. He had to do it more often now that…that Gwen was gone. Peter frowned and his eyes went to the picture frame on his desk. It contained a photo of him and Gwen laughing without a care in the world.
Steve drew him off of him and met his eyes, demanding, “When, Tony? Give me that much. It is more than you did for Bucky.”
Steve remained quiet throughout the tour as he contemplated the feeling he just felt when Tony looked at him. It was an all too familiar feeling. It reminded him of Bucky’s cocky grin…It reminded him of something he had not felt in many years but it was impossible...
Steve's eyes flickered back up to where Tony was eating alone, in the back corner of the mess hall. The man had a lot of paperwork in front of him and Steve wondered what he was working on. It couldn't possibly be connected to his “wooing”…right?
“Um…thanks?” Peter replied, awkwardly rubbing his back. Eddie wasn’t really a hugging guy so this was a little weird…
“I agree but one of us needs to stay behind here just in case he does manage to transverse the entire country. He needs a familiar face and I’m not on house arrest so it is going to have to be you, Buck,” Tony stated apologetically. “I’ll look for him in New York while you hold the fort here.”
Tony spun around making Steve jolt to a stop to keep from running into him. As it was, Steve was now very close to Tony and Tony took advantage and lightly caressed his jaw as he announced, “I,
Pepper sighed heavily and then walked back to the desk and picked up the chip he had wanted her to use to infiltrate the Stark Industries’ servers. She reminded him with an imploring tone, “You’re all I have too, you know?”
Steve stiffened in his arms and Tony realized what he let the big “L” word slip. He nervously rambled, “I well, yes, there’s that and, I’ll- you’ll be 100, and… yes.”
“Holy shit, it was not a dream,” Tony gasped, his hand continued to grope Steve’s behind as if he was making sure it was real. Steve blushed as he remembered Tony praising and fondling his ass all last night. The man seemed to have an unhealthy obsession with his posterior…not that Steve minded…
was quick to act and the soldiers grabbed their nearby weapons and took cover as the forest emptied of bodies. They were Hydra but were in mostly camouflage rather than their usual uniform. It looked like they were mostly fighting with regular guns and only a few scattered soldiers had the ray guns.
“Hmm?” Tony looked at him then blinked rapidly as if his mind was catching up to his body. He stared at Steve for a moment, then asked, “Are you sure there is no one, Steve? Do you really want to do this with me? And not just the kissing…the fake relationship even?”
Peter shrugged and stared sourly down at the Iron Man action figure. He suddenly held it out to Steve and said, “Keep dis, Papa. He can protect you.”
At least when he was held captive by the Ten Rings, he had a way to fight back…he couldn’t do anything now. There was no way he would survive unless Obadiah or this manic stranger came back and returned the reactors and he highly doubted that would happen.
She glided over to them and crooned, “Oh, my precious, inaccessible soul…you should have died so many times today and you only notice me now?”
“Don’t,” Tony hissed. Steve froze and bit his lip. The acidic burn of discord began to burn in his stomach again.
“Do you want to hold off on talking with Bucky and Nat?” Tony softly asked. “We can just go upstairs and lay down…”
She grasped his hand, letting him pull her out and kept holding onto him as she replied, “You’re the one who has to keep up with me.”
“…He just doesn’t seem like the guy to do it. He’s just so passionate so I figured he’d be just as passionate about his family.”
Gabe had been on their way to them, carrying his medic bag. He nodded them over to a Jeep and sat Tony inside as he took his vitals. He gave him another injection of Penicillin and asked, “Any change since yesterday?”
Tony’s smile widened and he whispered, “I’ll never get tired of hearing that.” He leaned down and Steve stretched his neck to accept the quick peck on the lips from Tony. Tony replied in a hushed but devoted voice, “I love you too.”
“J, keep an eye out for Steven. Let me know when you see him again. He and I need one last get together before we break up the band.”
Tony walked over to his main worktable and deposited the remains of the toys on its already cluttered surface.
Her brows raised in surprise but then she smiled widely. She gasped, “Boyfriend?! Peter, why didn’t you tell me?? How long have you kept this a secret!” She rounded the island and went straight to Wade. She grasped his hands and pulled him back to the island. She excitedly said, “Peter is such a sweet boy and I was worried he’d never find anyone! How’d you two meet? Can I embarrass him and show you some baby pictures? We can gush over him together!”
The alarms and red coded messages were gone in an instant and he could think a little clearer.  Steve’s voice, though, remained.
Steve put his hand over Tony’s and leaned into his touch. He whispered, “I don’t want to leave you…”
Norman Osborn had to dig his nails into his flesh and draw blood to keep from laughing aloud at the SHIELD agents. They came to his tower with a warrant to search the labs Mary occupied and did not even try to search his own personal labs serval floors below. Had they checked his labs they would have found the Goblin Formula and gamma-radiation devices.
“H-Hey,” Peter squeaked. Tony Stark, his idol, was standing at his front door and Peter was in his Hulk boxers. He felt a red blush of mortification stain his cheeks and he asked, “Wh-What are you two doing here?”
“Some really bad guys, but we are going to take care of them,” Steve promised. He and Tony hit the open air and Steve looked down at the scene in the pause in conversation. There must have been at least twenty men and women attacking them. Most were on the ground but they had a few fliers as well.
“Yes,” Tony replied. Tony paused then slowly reached out and grasped his hand. Steve inhaled sharply but did not jump away, he was getting used to Tony’s intimate touch. Tony said, “I should have made a call –
“We – We – yeah. It’s not…I’m sorry too…” Tony looked grimly at his lap and his eye flickered with an unknown emotion. “…We certainly can have a very convincing make out session,” Tony joked. Steve chuckled nervously but then silence fell between them and Steve looked worriedly down at his lap.
And then there was Tony. Tony who confessed to loving him and then…and then he had to watch as Steve was arrested like a petty criminal.
Peter nodded and said, “I’ll be fine.” Peter waved his phone which he had just texted Harry with and explained, “Harry is going to be up here any minute to let me in.”
“Thanks, Pops…” Peter sighed heavily. Steve smiled at the younger man and wondered how often Tony was going to tease him similarly in the future.
Tony was laying on Howard’s work table and Steve was hurriedly ripping off the bandages. Gabe stood on the other side of the table and put his hand on Tony’s neck to check his pulse. Bucky did the only thing he could think to do and grabbed Tony’s shoulder, hoping it’d be some sort of comfort. He did the same to Steve with his other hand. Both men were trembling.
“Duck your head and watch your feet or you’ll go blind,” Tony hissed in his ear. If Steve wasn’t so shocked by the display before him, he would have been embarrassed by how close Tony was to him. Tony put a hand on the small of his back and pushed him forward with his body turned protectively toward Steve.
“I’m just going to stand extra close to you today and touch you more than usual. Nothing more, so relax.”
He had a Google alert set up for any pings about him or Tony Stark all night but nothing was posted online either.
Upon that smile, all of Tony’s aches disappeared and he lay back down, returning to Steve’s arms. He hadn’t seen Steve smile like that in a long time. He mirrored his boyfriend’s happy smile and said, “That sounds wonderful. Do you have anywhere in mind? New York is our playground.”
The three dotted ellipsis appeared on his phone as Steve began to text a near-instant reply, making Tony smile. He wondered if Coulson was on speaker phone as Steve was texting him or if he ended the conversation.
“Well, hello there,” Steve greeted the little boy in happy robot pajamas. The boy gargled at him and laughed, waving his arms to be picked up. Steve did just that and smiled warmly at his soulmate. The little boy excitedly slapped at Steve’s face, gurgling madly and making noises analogous to words…or maybe they were words but Steve couldn’t decipher them. He wasn’t too sure when babies started talking.
“I’ll see you later, Cap,” he said with a shaky smile and the doors sealed between them, forever cutting him off from Steve and whatever romantic relationship they could have had.
Steve lightly grasped Tony’s blazer and whispered, “How about instead we get out of here and continue our fondue conversation?”
He’d been able to keep his identity safe from entities like SHIELD with his father’s help but now his identity will be discovered within the week!
They could send Peter to the same high-end kindergarten Tony went to but he would ultimately lose his inscrutability. To go to school as the son of Captain America and Iron Man would single him out. In addition, all of the kids and teachers would have smart phones and one of them would snap a picture of their boy and he no longer would have any hope for the normal childhood Steve always wished for him because Peter’s face would finally be known. He would have walk down the street with a holograph mask or risk being accosted by the paparazzi which was something no child should have to go through.
Steve smiled sadly at him and whispered, “Thank you…You’ve done more than enough. You…You’re a good friend, Tony. Thank you, for everything.”
“A glorious accomplishment,” Peter snorted sarcastically as he leaned back into Wade’s arms. Wade folded his arms back around his lover with a happy sigh.
“I’ll take your word on it,” Fury sighed. “Damn. First Norse Gods and now super soldiers from World War II are popping up. Who’s next? Santa Claus?”
Tony’s fingers tightened into his flesh and he whispered, “Don’t say it like it’s the last time you’re saying it…”
But now he was legally an adult. He could make his own choices and he chose to fight with the Avengers between his classes at NYU.
His broken leg was bent oddly. One of the bones in his leg broke through his skin as he ran and was protruding from his skin at an angle with a splintered end. It was a miracle he had been able to run as long as he did.
Steve fell silent and became instantly alert as did the other Avengers within Iron Man’s line of sight, his AI had broadcast to all of them.
Steve kissed him so deeply that he could barely breathe. But Tony did not want it to end. He never before felt so alive and free and the moment felt more right with Steve there, pressing him into the ground, alive and...God, he loved him so. His lungs burned for air but he pulled Steve tighter to him, reveling in the moment.
Steve’s entire system was overflowing with endorphins and other emotions and…he felt so happy. He was used to a quick fuck and maybe some baseless kissing with the men he’d been with before. But Tony was different. He was so different from everything Steve once knew and it made him
The ladies behind the desk watched them approach with enraptured expressions. When they were close enough to talk to, one garbled, “H-Hello, Mr. Stark and C-Captain R-Rogers. How may we help you?”
He grabbed the closest human. It was a man. Venom lifted him up to his mouth but paused when he saw the blue of his wide eyes.
He kept him up to date with the goings on with the team and the rest of the world. Everything was messy with the population redoubling after five years, but people were banding together to get through it. Most were happy. Their loved ones had returned to them.
“Me too,” Steve snickered. He grew solemn and stated, “…But I have been thanking God every day that you are still here…
Natasha abruptly stood and the legs of her chair scratched at the floor loudly as it was pushed back. Bucky flinched and his grip tightened on his fork. His eyes bore into the area around Natasha’s plate. He could probably see her clenched fists but not her hardened expression.
With his heart racing, Steve replied, “Maybe I’m not looking for a wife…maybe I’m looking for a husband?”
He hurried upstairs and didn’t notice the odd silence of his AI, who would usually announce who the caller was…
The glow was gone from the reactor so he ripped up Tony’s shirt to see if there was anything he could do but he was horrified to see the reactor wasn’t even there.
friend were put through a traumatizing experience. The ‘perp walk’ was unnecessary and degrading. Your superiors will certainly be hearing about it.”
“After the Chitauri attack…after I went through the vortex,” Tony stated. “When I woke, and you were above me, all I could think was ‘I died and am in heaven’ and when I realized I was alive my next thought was ‘I hoped he kissed me.’ It was with those thoughts I knew…I knew my childhood crush was something more than a crush…”
Tony pushed Steve back against the wall and pressed his body flush to his. Steve groaned into Tony’s mouth as he felt the mold of his body pushed up against his. Tony’s lithe muscles were tough with strength and the warmth from his body made his pulse quicken.
For the first time in his life, Steve regretted the responsibility that came with his post as Captain America...
“No! I broke up with him! I…I’m not going to save Steve! Or Bucky! I left him! The timeline should go back to normal! It should correct the future!” Tony argued with his suit.
Tony was torn…what was he to do? Join the fight? But who would he aid? What if the guys fighting Hydra were just as bad?
“I…I needed to do it, Steve,” he whispered. Water dripped into his mouth and he licked his lips. “It was just once…” He gulped and said, “Well it
And Steve was going to die with more heartbreak than he would have originally had. Tony royally fucked up this up.
“I’ll see you inside,” Steve whispered and bent down to lightly kiss Tony. Tony returned the kiss but that frown remained in place when they separated.
Peter was telling him all he knew about China (which was basically Kun Fu fighting pandas) when the reporters found them. Someone must have recognized one of them: one of the park-goers, the man tending the trees, or a passerby.
“What if I don’t want anything to do with the Academy anymore,” he whispered. Natasha tensed beside him and he continued, “Once this assignment is over, I have to return to my master and they will wipe my mind again.” He grasped her hand and gasped, “I
Tony clenched his teeth and tore his hands out of Steve’s hands. Tony wrapped his arms around his head and buried Steve’s face into his chest. Steve quickly wound his arms around Tony’s back and drew him closer, breathing deeply as he tried to calm down.
“You bastard, that's not what I meant,” Tony hissed but shakily smiled at him all the same. Steve ran his thumbs over Tony’s cheeks, washing away the tears he did not know he had shed.
Mary’s brows were so tightly pressed that nothing could have squeezed between them. She readjusted her glasses and pulled out of Ben’s grasp. She worried her bottom lip between her teeth then turned back to Ben. She stated, “Only if it is here. Only in my lab.”
Finally, Steve reached the Schmidt’s boots. Humiliation hit him as he stared at the man’s extended foot. He was so angry that he felt weak. His eyes heated and his muscles trembled from the emotion. With his nose crinkled and his lips tightly shut, Steve lowered himself and pressed his mouth to the Red Skull’s boot.
Peter did not want to talk to him and by the way Steve responded he knew he would not be seeing him anytime soon.
Steve read the article and quickly mastered the ability to move the screen down. He was acutely aware as Tony watched him as he did. He shifted in his seat and may have straightened his back slightly with the knowledge.
His composure was lost with his words and tears began to fall from his eyes. Everyone he cared about was still watching him and were witnessing his break. Tony avoided their looks of pity and gasped painfully, “Excuse me –.”
He’d felt that pinch so many times in the past when Steve had wanted to hold his hand in public. Tony had grown to love the feeling and had almost forgotten it. He turned around and there he was – Steve, smiling at Tony like he was the miracle even though Steve was the one who just came back from the dead.
For a moment, his sadness almost knocked aside his anger as he remembered his soulmate smiling, laughing, and
Peter looked up to his aunt then back to Steve and nodded. May wordlessly transferred Peter to Steve’s arms.
He carefully placed the toy on top of it all and sealed his bag with a quick tug on the zipper before throwing it over his shoulder, bouncing lightly off his shield.
In the last few feet, they moved together to separate the distance between them and Tony leapt onto him. Steve caught him and slowly lowered them to the ground. They rolled around on the wet sand, divulging Steve of the last of his clothes, and laughing every time a wave hit them.
“They look like burritos…” Peter deadpanned. He'd never had chimichangas before but, from the way Wade always talked about them, Peter was expecting something more...spectacular.
“Touché. Alright, did you bring a bribe? If you have nothing to bribe me with, Pepper has not properly prepped you, and I’m not coming down.”
Tony wrapped his free arm around Steve in a tight half-hug and hissed, “My thoughts exactly.” He pulled back to meet Steve’s eyes and asked, “Truce?”
“STEVE?!” Tony gasped. He heard the scrape of Tony’s shoes as he rushed over to him then he heard Tony gasp into his communicator, “The Captain is down! Jarvis send me a suit!”
When he glanced up from his phone, he saw Eddie watching him. Peter went back to their workstation and, when he was close enough, Eddie asked Peter, “Was that the guy from the fair? I thought you were pulling my leg. Are you really dating him?”
Ross’s shadow passed over Steve and he clutched Peter closer to his chest and twisted his body to block him from the man’s sight.
Steve tried to give Peter a cooled pacifier to soothe his aching mouth, but Peter smacked it away and they both sighed heavily in unison. They tried snacks, formula, ice, cold gummy toys…nothing could calm the hurting child.
He felt half delusional with pain but he forced himself to focus on the chip. If he didn't put it in then he, Steve, and a lot of innocent people were going to die.
“Tony…when I was with Schmidt I did a lot of thinking about us,” Steve murmured a little self-consciously. With a flush, he looked down at his lap and played a little with the edge of his blanket. “…I realized we never discussed our future.”
“Three years?” He had to confirm. He had to ascertain that she was truly with Schmidt. Because, the memories he had of her, painted a picture of a woman akin to a god. She had been his sunshine, his life, his happiness…To know she had gone through the same evils as he had, sickened him to his core.
With his eyes already heating up, Tony scrambled to his bathroom. He fell right before the drawer where his sleep medication was. When he grasped the handle to the drawer, he was already starting to hyperventilate.
Steve looked back to him and, for a moment, it felt like they were the only two in the room. Tony leaned toward him and impossible thoughts ran through his head. Steve looked away and Tony was knocked back into the real world. No, it was not possible. It was just Tony’s imagination running wild again…
Peter did not reply but crossed the larger bedroom to the private balcony. The room smelt of the shared scent of Pops and Uncle Tony and its association with comfort eased his nerves. The sliding doors made him flinch as they hissed but his uncle did not seem to hear it as he continued to try to talk to Peter through his bedroom door.
“Maybe we need to stick with the old fashioned approach?” Steve interjected, suddenly inspired. Both Tony and Bucky looked questionably at Steve and Steve explained, “A letter. Write her a letter telling her your true feelings.”
He took a measured breath to slow down his racing heart and reminded himself that he was no longer strapped down to that metal table.
“No,” Tony gasped, the single word sounded like it tore its way out of Tony’s throat and Steve winced again. Tony grabbed his arm and whispered fiercely, “It was you and me. It was
Tony slowly let go of his leg and then closed his eyes. He licked his lips and then guessed, “Bucky fell.”
“Coffee first,” Tony stated and Steve rolled his eyes. Tony continued, “Jarvis is directing Mary here.”
Steve’s eyes were glassy and he traced the side of Tony’s face with the back of his fingers as a smiled wobbled its way onto his face. He whispered, “I feel the same. My world has grown brighter with you in it.”
There was no way he was going back to the old red and blue uniform. Venom was the new Spidey now and forever.
Tony closed his eyes and Steve’s eyes opened so wide they were probably popping out of his head. He pulled Tony’s hand deeper into his chest as if he was trying to make him feel his love – make him feel the reason to stay with him. Because, if he – if closed his eyes, if he left – he would take Steve’s heart with him and Steve could not possibly go on.
Peter landed gracefully where Natasha had been standing a moment before and Natasha fell onto the mats with a heavy thunk.
They paused to kiss and everything around them stopped. Tony tried to pour all of his love and devotion into that kiss and Steve returned it in kind.
The Tower was surrounded by a mass of media but they bypassed it all by pulling into the private garage. A great sense of relief flowed through him as the reporters disappeared and he was surrounded by the familiar walls of his home. He was safe and, for a little while, he could escape the awfulness of the coming trial.
Peter stiffly let go of his phone and sat it on his leg so neither of his elders would notice he’d taken it down with him. The phone was on silent, thankfully. Otherwise, it’d be lighting up and buzzing with every new notification he received.
It did not surprise Steve that no one could find even a trace of Bucky. After the fall of the helicarriers, Steve had searched high and low for him for weeks but never came across him, not even a clue…
He also missed those rare, gentle smiles she’d give him when he did right…because he was doing right by Steve. It’d been years since he’d approached a relationship with another person as seriously as he was doing now and she’d be proud of him.
Steve saw through the swagger. Tony wasn’t lying. He no longer was a playboy. He was putting his heart on the line and entrusting it to Steve. Steve felt utterly grateful.
“You saved my life,” Tony reminded him and gently squeezed his hand. “You’ve given me more years with my family…more years with
Peter pulled back and traced his nose along the side of Wade’s nose. He lightly kissed him and whispered, “You are the most important person in my life. Don’t you dare think you are anything less than valuable because, to me, you are the world.”
He had come across one large room that had been a barracks. The remains of the bunk bed shells were built of metal and nailed to the ground but were so rusted they’d probably break if Tony had applied any weight to them.
my best man,” Steve countered. “Our wedding was…kinda spur of the moment? We didn’t want to wait…” Steve cradled his left hand and gazed down at the simple, wedding band with a small smile. “I…We both were ready and knew we couldn’t wait another moment.”
“I won’t wake him,” Howard waved off his concern like it was nothing and Steve watched him leave with a frown.
Wade grinned and wound his arms behind Peter’s back. He asked, “Are they captivating? Have they stolen your breath away?”
Peter nodded adamantly and his uncle’s glare sharpened then he picked Peter off his feet and embraced him tightly.
“Definitely,” Tony replied, rubbing his face into Steve’s neck. “But, first I need to use the restroom.”
Tony snorted and Bucky glared at both of them before finally grabbing Natasha’s hand and shaking it.
Pepper had been hissing something to Tony when he reentered the room but she was struck silent when she saw the shield.
“I know!” Steve hissed. His eyes focused on Tony’s and he glared. His eyes were red and Tony knew it was not because of the suds. Steve repeated, his voice layered with betrayal,
gone into the field for the less than savory parts that needed to be completed in order for success. And Coulson and Fury
He’d seen Tony last night. It had ended with them sharing a late-night walk and Steve pressing Tony into a tree and kissing him so deeply the other man moaned into his mouth. As soon as he woke, he began to miss him…but now here he was in Steve’s arms,
“Finally,” Steve sighed gratefully, laying their clasped hands on his chest, running his thumb over Tony’s ring. They both fell asleep with small smiles on their faces and love in their hearts.
“Papa, I wanna tauch!” Steve’s son pulled on his baseball cap with one hand and reached out eagerly with the other to one of the many bushes that lined the trails to Central Park.
Tony was afraid to ask, “D-Do you still have all files prior to the lost connection with the main host?” Jarvis was originally programmed to save everything until it reconnected to the main host. Once the reconnect occurred, Alpha Jarvis would know exactly how to respond to Beta Jarvis’s systems. Had that changed too?
Bruce’s lips twitched into a small, tired smile and he said, “As of right now, no. He’s your typical super human toddler. His DNA is not unstable like mine, it is like yours, Steve…He is fine.”
Making love in the real world felt so much more better and amazing and they couldn’t get enough of each other.
“I’m not going to slip away in the middle of the night,” Steve murmured as Tony wrapped his arm tightly around the front of Steve’s bare chest.
Steve stiffened at the word “love” and Tony blanched when he realized he let the big “L” word out of the bag.
Using his newfound height thanks to the stairs, Tony stared down at Steve, taller than him for once in this rare moment. As he looked down at now what was his entire world, Tony felt...blessed. He still could not get over it. Steve. Here. Alive. His heart could barely contain his joy and love. Tony bent down and gently kissed Steve. Steve hummed with pleasure and held him just as gently.
Tony woke hours earlier than he usually did. It was still dark out and he looked at his clock with a curse.
Jarvis leveled a stare at him, practically radiating its disapproval through Iron Man's slanted gaze.
The media frenzy died down in the meantime, though a few paparazzi camped out in front of the Tower in the off chance they would be able to catch a break. They did not know about the shooting but they still speculated about the child living with the Avengers. At every SHIELD press conference, the organization was battered with the same questions, primarily they were asked one in particular: "Was the child living with the Avengers Dr. Bruce Banner’s?" To which the answer they always received was, “No comment.”
“And I do not want to relive that part of my past,” Natasha stated, jumping off the beam. She did not meet Steve’s eyes as she strolled past him.
He murmured a reply in Russian and whatever he said made Natasha clench her fists. She spun on her heel, avoiding all their gazes and strode straight out of the room.
It was the only sign she had of progress with him…other than the fact that he didn’t seem to be trying to kill her. But, he hadn’t said a word to her since last night. He only looked at her. Was he now debating his choice? Was he already considering finishing his original mission? Was the man she held last night only an anomaly?
Steve looked back to Bruce and Bruce supplied, “Unless some super villain cursed him, this has to be an effect of the gamma-radiation.”
Bucky glanced behind him and saw Steve was still hunched over Tony, their faces centimeters apart. Tears were in Steve’s eyes and he was whispering something to Tony, lightly petting his face as he did. Tony was still holding on to him and his knuckles were turning white from the tightness of his grip.
Peter glanced up at the recliner and, for a second, saw the shadow of Tony Stark sitting there. The ghost of his hazel eyes stared at Peter morosely.
Steve leaned forward on his elbows and deadpanned, “You want to know about the physical aspect of my relationship with your father?”
His words trailed off as he stared at the small trail of white smoke beginning to rise from Tony’s chest in the parting of his shirt. Everyone else’s eyes focused on the smoke, except for Steve. As soon as he saw the smoke and he looked to Tony.
“We deserve more time,” Tony hissed. “I only had you for half my days, whereas all other soulmates have each other day and night…If karma is real, then we should be given so much more.”
“And as I was digging myself a grave,” Tony murmured, meeting Steve’s gaze with eyes dancing with mirth. “Steve eventually was able to understand from my babbling that I was trying to back out of asking him out and admitting to
Luckily, Fury was too busy with Hydra to worry about what Tony had dragged into his home. So Tony was left alone to tinker on the chamber.
that it was only a research mission. We went in thinking we would not need to fight…It’s because of that mistake they were able to kill Richard so easily…”
Not long after, Tony jogged into the cafeteria looking a little disheveled and he found Steve feeding Peter. Steve had more eyes for the little guy in his arms than his fiancé. After downing half the bottle, Peter was beginning to slow down and his eyes were starting to close.
Smirking, Tony began to shake a can and said, “Ready for the amazing invention of pre-foamed shaving gel?”
Steve’s hands bunched Tony’s shirt and they broke the kiss to pull the shirt over his head. Tony’s hands then grabbed Steve’s shirt and he wordlessly pulled it off. Steve wore an undershirt and Tony had on an undershirt in addition to the bandages he had wrapped around his chest. Biting his lip, Steve pulled off his undershirt and Tony whistled.
He’d sometimes wake from a nightmare about the vortex and reach out to Steve, expecting him to be there. Whenever he wasn’t, Tony pathetically clutched Steve’s pillow and inhaled the scent that clung to it until he calmed down.
“From the evidence released to the public, I can discern that he displays unusual strength not found in most humans and had done so seemingly with no technology.”
“Beloved, as soon as we are back, I was planning on not leaving the bedroom for the next week,” Tony swore, his eyes riveted on Steve’s backside.
The sudden thought washed away any and all feelings he had on the matter, except for one. He was bitter by this simple fact.
The next day everything was…normal. Tony was a little shocked how easily it all was. The only clue to the fact that they had gotten married were the rings on their fingers.
The tub quickly filled behind him, aided by multiple jets. Tony filled it enough so the water would only reach Steve’s waist. Steve could only have sponge baths until his burns were completely healed but the worst burns were on the top half of his body so his lower half could be submerged.
His eyes instantly fell on the bed but Steve was right where he left him with his hands curled at his sides and still
Tony shook his head and murmured, “He wasn’t even there for it…not that I noticed, at that point in my life I stopped caring what my dad did in his free time…He wasn’t really there for me…”
James smiled at her and her heart fluttered. It was the first time it was directed at her and she didn’t know it would affect her so. James didn’t seem to notice and dug the extra communicator out of his pocket. He held it out to Steve and said, “The honor is yours.”
“Good morrow, comrades!” Thor greeted, the only one who seemed oblivious to the knowing air in the room. Steve was flushing under the others stares and felt mortified by the fact that Ben was still there. It was one thing to confess his homosexuality to him, it was a whole other to shove it in his face.
“…The beginning of May,” Tony whispered. He couldn’t remember the exact date when the war ended in Europe, but he knew it was in May because Steve was going to die in April and it was another dark irony to his story that he passed before seeing the war end. He pictured a scene from one of the movies about him of a news paper with an April date proclaiming Steve’s death fading to another newspaper headline in May proclaiming the end of the war.
“I know…I’m just restless,” Steve said with a sigh. He leaned onto his arm, his feet dangling over the edge of the bed.
Steve turned his head to watch it. At first, he thought it was trying to leave Peter and escape the cage. But then the mass lifted the remains of the sign pole with several long tendrils of its inky black form and the breath caught in Steve’s throat.
What was harder?: (1) reaching out to his son, who didn’t even know he was related to Tony nonetheless his only child, and revealing everything he once knew about his family was a lie, or (2) proposing to Steve and convincing him it was finally time to come out of the closet to the rest of the world.
“I know, Steve, I…I’m sorry,” Tony whispered. Steve inadvertently took a step toward Tony, flying hundreds of miles away from him.
“Never mind,” Peter deadpanned, turning back to the Captain. “He’s just as dorky as the rest of us…”
He thought back to when he first rocked Peter when he was a toddler and how much smaller he had been that he could easily fit in his arms. Tony had marveled at his lightweight body and soft skin. Peter had trusted him with ease and easily stole his heart. Back then, he would have never thought in a million years he would have considered the boy to become his son nor could he have ever seen this current horrifying period in their lives.
Steve lowered the toy and met Tony square in the eye as he said the statement he had been waiting to say to him all day.
An unspeakable rage had burned through him when Iron Man burned a hole into the Captain’s chest. He retaliated by destroying the component in his chest that kept him alive and left him for dead in the helicarrier. He then saved the Captain from the dying helicarrier and spirited him away but…he didn’t even know why he did it. He was acting on pure instinct and felt like he
Peter smiled sadly and replied, “I love you too, Dad, and…it’s alright. I knew this was going to happen eventually. If I was given the chance to go back and change the past, I wouldn’t. I rather have you in my life than out of it.”
Venom seemed disoriented and was stumbling around but it groaned, “C-cold and it hurts.” Venom fell and it gasped, “It’s-It’s crush-shing me.”
Steve wanted to go with him but Tony would not hear any of it. It would draw attention if Steve went with him. So Steve stayed behind and prayed to God that his best friend was not trying to kill his boyfriend.
Behind him, he heard Peter stop running and begin his stretches. Steve glanced to Peter, then back to Natasha. He stated, “Don’t go too hard on either of them. We all had the best intentions at heart.”
“My birthfather is Richard Parker and he was very much a part of my life!” Peter stated, angrily getting to his feet.
“Yes, you. Were you not paying attention to the implant? Did you not hear the beeps?” Natasha demanded.
Acid burned on Tony’s tongue as dozens of hurtful and harsh retorts came to mind, but – but this was
“…We shouldn’t be sitting so close,” Steve reluctantly murmured, moving his hand from Tony’s. He dropped his head and sighed, “Someone could see…”
Tony narrowed his eyes and glared at both of them. Steve’s assertion broke him out of his shock and emotions instantly tightened his chest.
They may have made grandiose statements about dying together but actually doing so broke her heart. She wanted to grow old with James and die sleeping comfortably in her bed…not like this.
The breath caught in Steve’s throat at Howard’s suggestion. Steve probably wouldn’t see Tony after that then. Howard and his team would take over and help Tony get back to the time machine as soon as they had the tesseract.
They stopped a few more times to pick up more passengers and Steve tensed every time they came on, but no one bothered him. Night fell and he was given a boxed dinner. He watched a documentary about animals of North America and fell asleep to it.
The information hit him like a pile a bricks to the chest, making Tony feel like he couldn’t breathe and he opened his faceplate, gasping for air.
Peter closed his eyes as he slid it over his face and he heard Pops inhale sharply behind him. Peter slowly opened his eyes and looked through the circuited fiberglass to meet the reflection of the same white eyes Venom bore when he had Peter under his control.
“Don’t tell me you are going to go on a run,” Tony murmured, stretching his arms over his head. He wrapped his arms behind the pillow beneath his head and adjusted the cushion to a more comfortable position.
The first text was quickly followed by another, ‘If you feel comfortable with it, can you not wear your mask? Your choice. You don’t have to.’
Vision took the orb from Wanda, gifting the young woman one of his rare, gentle smiles, and then he turned to the camera, stating, “Any form of assistance will hinder me only. I will be fine, Captain. I have journeyed through the atmosphere and the space beyond before. All you can do now is regroup… and prepare for your son’s birthday. I should be back by then.”
His legs quaked but he was not sure if it was from his healing fractures or if it was because of the noise Tony made when he dropped his pants.
“We all came for you,” Tony stated in confusion, obviously thinking he was referring to one of their teammates.
All of his muscles were tense but his insides – oh, God – his insides felt like they convulsing with every heartbeat.
Steve woke later than his usual time. He knew this because the sunlight that filtered through the metal blinds was bright and not muted like it was in the predawn hours.
He was so, so very late. He didn’t even have to look at his phone to know who was calling. He knew it was Eddie wondering where he was.
Tony’s fingers, however, tingled after touching his ass. Even though the touch was brief, Tony could feel the round firmness of the muscle beneath and he knew he had to touch it again.
Norman’s eyes flashed with anger and he growled, “I would never hurt him…” His gaze became calculating again and he grinned. “But Captain, I think I just found your Achilles’ heel. I promise not to tell any of your
Tony relaxed marginally. Good, then it must have been the first option. Whoever wielded the answer would be putting themselves in danger…But why wouldn’t Bruce ask for his help? Tony could probably come up with something technology wise to help somehow…
Steve went to his side, as was expected of him, and grasped Tony’s hand. His heart ached at the contact, wanting so badly for there to be more, but he pushed the feelings away. Their act must continue, even for the small audience before them.
“We could tell how happy you were to see us by the way you attacked Stark’s mouth,” Natasha commented dryly. Tony threw back his head and laughed but Steve felt his face turn bright red.
Steve weakly smiled at Sam. Two days ago he would have laughed and agreed Bucky was doomed to be Steve's overbearing big brother for the rest of his life...
He put his hand over the reactor remembering first waking up in Killian’s captivity and the first thing he feared was that they were going to remove it just as Obadiah once did all those years ago…
He was scared. He was so scared, and he wanted Bucky and his ma and his pops…and Tony. The others were all dead, but Tony was barely alive himself.
Steve spun around to where the Sinister Six were gathered and quickly counted five heads. He gasped, “You don’t think –?”
“Nothing can replicate the power!” The agent retorted and Tony groaned with frustration. This was starting to not be funny. Was he going to do like Marty McFly have to wait for a figurative lightning bolt to power this thing too? His only real chance lay with the Tesseract but it was in the Red Skull’s hands and he knew of only one instance where the Tesseract would be in hand he wasn’t really down for being there when Cap dies. Tony wished he had paid more attention to his father’s stories, maybe then he would remember more instances where the Tesseract was involved.
Natasha shook her head and grimly replied, “None. The Mandarin covers his trail just as well as Tony.”
When it stopped screaming, Wade wiped of a particularly large glob of spittle off his cheek and then suggested, “You want a Tic Tac?”
Tony smiled sadly at his father and gave his forearms a gentle squeeze as he whispered, “You’ll find a solution.”
She knew how he felt. She was still amazed that he was there, in her bed, curled into her side, alive, and free of Schmidt’s control.
“No, shit?!” Tony gasped. Before Peter’s exposure, his lab experiment with Brock was all he talked about.
Tony’s heart jolted up and threatened to break free from his chest as his brain acknowledged Steve's touch.
Before he could consider what to say or do to pacify Tony, a loud bang rang through the park. The cameraman twitched and fell into Steve, his camera fell from his grasp and shattered on the ground. It only took Steve a matter of moments to realize the man was missing half of his head.
He gasped, “I wish I could be talking to you right now and not a hunk of stone that looks like you…"
Steve's eyes widened and his flush returned in a rush. He shyly smiled and wound his fingers around Tony's. Steve whispered, “Tony...” He bit down on his lip and then murmured, “Thank you.”
He opened his eyes to a gentle grasp of his shoulder. He saw Steve’s concerned eyes first and he almost relaxed into those cool blue depths.
“Do you have any idea how I can find out where he lives?” Steve asked him with a tight whisper. His heart hurt. He wanted to be with Tony and to comfort him however he could.
Steve stared at the camera and appeared at a loss for words. Breathing shallowly, a look of extreme and worried concentration crossed his face. After a long period of silence, his expression finally crumbled and he gasped, “
“I’m sorry,” Steve whispered. Her wordless action was enough to inform him that her soulmate was dead.
Tony settled against his soulmate with a relieved sigh and explained, “Usually, no. It’s just the darkness…” Tony shivered at the memory of it. “It’s still so shocking to me. I’m still not used to sleeping with it…”
He was badly hurt and extremely emaciated. She tenderly touched his shoulder and whispered again, “Steve?”
Steve stepped in and worked his magic. He gently ran his fingers through Tony’s hair and whispered, “No one has died and no one will die. We’ve got a location on Zola and we’re going to bring him in. He’ll tell us where Schmidt is and then we’ll get him and then get you home.”
Howard didn’t know what to think. He’d never had someone break in before nonetheless dealt with a robber. He’d confronted Nazis in the War but confronting this man was the last thing he wanted because he was so very conscious of the fact how close his son was to this stranger in the safety of their home.
Steve watched his husband fly between some high risers and disappear from view. Steve clenched his hands, feeling uneasy, not being able to do anything.
With his other hand, he tentatively ran his fingertips over Tony’s arm, starting where his hand lay at the base of Steve’s neck and making his way to his friend’s shoulder. Beneath the long-sleeved shirt, Tony’s muscles were smaller than Steve’s but were hard with untold strength. Steve paused at his shoulder, not sure where to continue, until Tony leaned his head down and put his cheek in Steve’s hand.
Steve was still staring at his hand and he said,  “I…I just thought – my mate would be a woman…I thought…” Steve didn’t finish his sentence and Tony winced. Alright, this meeting just got ten-times more awkward and worse.
Tony shakily reached out to Steve then grasped the side of his neck. His fingers dug into Steve flesh and his face crumpled. Tony leaned in and pressed his forehead to Steve’s.
When the priority alarm went off, Tony moaned with relief. He stood, dropped the materials he was working with, and jumped over to his suit.
“But if he’s in New York then we need to go there now before the punk does something reckless like he always does!” Bucky hissed, practically vibrating with the need to go chasing after Steve.
“I can feel your pulse,” Tony whispered with a feathery touch across his wrist. Steve flushed deeper as he realized Tony could feel his racing heart. Tony leaned closer, pulling himself maybe centimeters from Steve. He drew his hand further up Steve’s arm and whispered, “I never knew you could get nervous, my dear Captain.”
Steve woke gasping trying to fill his lungs with something more but every inhalation made it worse. His lungs filled with air but it was like he was sucking on a tiny straw getting barely anything. He ripped the shroud off his face and dust coated his throat, making it worse.
Steve cupped his face and kissed him as hard as Tony suggested. The older man groaned into his mouth and dug his fingers into his flesh as he dragged them over Steve's back.
“…A lot,” Steve replied with a small smile. He held Peter steady as he pulled himself out from beneath the sheets. There were twinges in his shoulder and legs from his wounds. He gritted his teeth but ignored it.
This could not be real. Peter had to be asleep. That’s right. He fell asleep on his aunt and uncle’s couch and was dreaming right now. He was so desperate to see his Pops that his mind had constructed him for him.
“Did he say if it’ll be tomorrow or the day after?” Howard groaned to the woman beside him. “Tell Phillips I agreed to only so much field time and I am reaching my limit!”
They walked over to Peter's attached bath and then lazily undressed each other of the few parcels of clothing they slipped on before going to sleep. Wade was content to move at the slow pace Peter was going. He may have even taken a little pride from it. After all, he did tire out the Amazing Spider-Man with his lovemaking skills.
Bucky was there, Nathasha at his side. He was wearing different clothes and his metal arm was missing but..it was him.
There was a stunned silence from the Avengers and even his AI paused before replying, “Yes, yes that is exactly what seems to have happened.”
Steve tossed the shoes on the floor and said, “If you were hungry, you should have just said something.”
Laying across his legs was Steven’s prone body. He could smell the man’s burnt flesh and froze, wondering if he should move him. But then Obadiah moved in his peripheral vision. Tony sat up sharply and half expected Obadiah to come charging at them.
“A surprise,” Tony replied to which, Steve’s eyebrows rose in disbelief. Tony flushed and cursed lightly under his breath, he continued, with his shoulder hunched in defeat, “Well I guess it’s not a surprise anymore…
He grabbed Tony and propelled them over the side of the bridge and onto the storage container being moved behind Pepper's. Tony shot from Steve's arms and ran to the edge closest to Pepper. Their container was lower than Pepper’s and Tony had to reach up to get to her. Pepper reached down to him, stretching as far as she could, not that it would make a difference. Several feet separated them.
Peter had no idea what the Multi-verse was but he translated it into something akin the vastness of the known universe so he felt humbled by it. He retorted, “Then I’m the luckiest Peter Parker.”
He kept his voice low. He was in the kitchen and everyone else was asleep. He had slipped out of bed for a glass of water and told Steve to go back to sleep when he started to push himself up. Tony didn’t waste any time in searching for his own clothes and pulled on Steve’s underwear.
“That and the Iron Man suit,” Steve joked, making Tony laugh. Steve continued, “But seriously, I am not going to kiss you in that.”
“Move,” Steve commanded after several seconds of motionlessness. Steve clenched his muscles around Tony’s cock and Tony dropped his head with a loud moan. He needed friction. This immobility made him squirm with discomfort. When Tony did nothing Steve growled, “Move, Goddamnit!!”
“Language, Cap,” Tony chuffed with a smile. Tony felt like he was going to burst from the joy pooling within him but then Steve began to touch him and his lust burned through all the excess in seconds.
Steve turned and lay himself over Tony. Tony grunted from the weight but Steve sighed contently, “I’m never going to let you go again…”
“The mission was successful,” Jarvis continued. “And Ms. Potts had no trouble in retrieving the arc reactor from the Tower. The Hydra agents who had it locked down are gone. They left as soon as they received word of your attack on the Triskelion. Everyone, with the exception of Captain Rogers, has regrouped at the ‘meet-up’ coordinates. They all report that they are fine and I have relayed the events that occurred to them.” Jarvis paused and then said, “The Winter Soldier left with the Captain and went outside of my sensors with him. The Captain does not have his shield and I will be unable to track him…”
Steve continued, “We love each other very much and I know you’re with the government and I know you were looking for me…but I’m home.” Steve rubbed Tony’s shoulder and smiled down at him, making Tony’s heart flip heavily in his chest.
Steve’s heart clenched as he thought of Bucky’s new life. He had tried to look for him after the helicarriers fell and he had healed from his wounds but he could not find even a clue. For all he knew, Bucky was dead.
“Not even you,” Peter countered pressing a finger into Wade’s chest. Instead of being pushed back from the poke, Wade only leaned in closer, smiling warmly.
“Sounds good to me, baby boy,” Wade replied, nuzzling his face into Peter’s neck again. It sounded like there was a smile on his voice so Peter glanced up at him but he was obstructed by the mask. He couldn't tell if Wade was really smiling or not.
Tony was waiting for him with a blanket in his arms. Steve looked at it curiously and asked, “What is that for?”
Tony instantly curled into Steve and nestled his face into Steve’s chest. He slurred, his voice layered with exhaustion and satisfaction, “I can hear your heart.”
Wade picked himself off Peter chest and they slid out of bed together. Peter changed into new clothes and Wade slipped on the clothes he had tossed on the floor.
Tony murmured, “Tell the Avengers but not SHIELD. I don’t trust them. They’ve already written off Steve.”
Smirking in victory, Tony watched as Steve crawled over him and then gently scooted him over. His chest flared in pain but he gritted his teeth and then released a steady breath as Steve settled next to him. His now familiar warmth sunk into his side and Tony turn his head and nuzzled his face against Steve’s.
But Steve caught Howard’s attention and the inventor turned to him, asking, “What are you doing here, Cap?”
The police jumped on the madman and quickly handcuffed him. The girl ran from Chewie, screaming until she reached the safety of the police.
Steve bit down on his lip, not knowing how to answer. He wanted to not lie to him. He wanted only to ever tell the truth to Tony but…the truth would hurt.
Later that night, Steve would look back on that moment and wish he had focused on his son’s smile more.
“Yeah, just…I’ve been having the s-same nightmare all week and it just got ten-times worse.” Steve laughed wetly and Tony stiffened as he realized his friend was crying.
Steve leaned back into the cushioned, leather seat and murmured, “We’re just really good friends…” Steve paused then said, “He’s my best friend…I know it sounds ridiculous, we’ve only known each other a few weeks but…I haven’t felt this closeness since-since Bucky.”
From the little Tony was able to overhear, Eddie, Scott, and Bruce continued their scientific conjecture.
“So I won you? I’m the first to break the Winter Soldier’s win record?” Tony said with a gleeful smile, his voice laced with emotion and a dash of the teasing humor Steve loved so much.
Tony couldn’t even consider his feelings in the matter because he wasn’t going to be in this era much longer, he was either going back to the future or dying from Palladium poisoning.
Steve allowed Tony to pull him away. He knew he was naïvely following him but he did not care. This was Tony. He would follow him anywhere no matter what.
“No, wait," Peter said, grabbing onto Wade's arms as the man slipped away. He stated, "Wade, I seriously have no idea what that was all about but, I know what’s underneath that mask and the whole reason I planned this was just to see you: your smile, your eyes, and, yes, your skin.”
Steve testified to his innocence and clarified what Tony had said, he was not attracted to women and had never been. He also stated that today was the first time he had ever seen Susan Tyler and as soon as the words left his mouth, the indifferent expression on Tyler’s face burned away and became venomous.
James started to breath shallowly. He grasped her tightly and, through gritted teeth, hissed, “This is –
Steve suddenly was no longer content to merely wait and envision what he could behold with his own eyes. He slid out of the bed and tiptoed into the bathroom. The bathroom was spacious with a huge, Jacuzzi tub to the right and a toilet beyond it. Across from the tub, was a marble countertop with two sets of sinks and beyond that was the spacious shower Tony stood in. It was encased in glass, which was fogged by the hot water Tony was using. By the way the showerhead was positioned, Tony’s back was to Steve.
Steve slipped past Tony and stepped sharply on the edge of his shield, kicking it up into his hands. He looked back to Tony and said, “Can I get a ride?”
Steve’s fingers dug into Tony’s back, ready to move him at a moment’s notice. Hulk roared and jumped toward them. His emerald eyes were focused on Tyler and filled with murder.
Wade fell back onto the mats with an over-exaggerated groan and said, “I have so much to teach you, young padawan.”
“Your identity is poisonous then! Don’t do this! You don’t have to be with me! At least embrace this part of yourself!”
Bucky puffed up his chest with pride but Steve smiled gratefully at Sneaky and whispered, “Thank you for telling us. The rest of the team would love to hear that.”
Steve ignored the soap and shampoo and pushed Tony into the tiled wall and pressed their bodies together.
Peter’s eyes returned to the television and he watched his dad fly around the tower, blasting at the enemy with his repulsors.
Tony shrugged but was grinning smugly. A flicker of annoyance went through him as he recalled how infuriated he usually became with Tony’s smug attitude. It disappeared almost as soon as it appeared. Tony was clearly happy to do this for Steve. He was probably proud to help him out. Steve felt guilty by his initial reaction. He glanced over at Tony and murmured, “This is really nice of you.”
“Like a rotted potato that just barely made it through the grinders,” Wade replied without missing a beat.
Coulson wasn’t sure if the Captain meant for him to hear it but his heart went out to his hero either way. Coulson couldn’t imagine what the young man was going through. He looked over his hunched form for another few seconds and then slipped out of the room.
They’d parted late into the night and Wade had kissed him goodbye so sweetly that Peter was tempted to stay. But he left, Happy was waiting for him and eventually drove him home.
Peter chuckled, grinning shyly, and he murmured, “My parents are throwing a party for me this Saturday and you’re obviously invited. You’ll come, right?”
Steve carefully slid his hand around the syringe where Bucky wasn’t touching it. Bucky was watching him as sharply as a hawk did likely prey. Steve did not move his or the syringe and stared at Bucky until finally he looked into Steve’s gaze. When their eyes met, Steve whispered, “I am so sorry, Buck.”
“The Avengers Initiative is considered a branch of SHIELD and thereby a branch of the military,” the Captain explained. “We’re considered government employees.”
Tony scooped up a handful from the basket and threw it in the stove. The fire inside flared and promised to keep burning for a few more hours. Tony’s side of the bed was closest to the stove and should keep him warm throughout the night.
His internal clock ticked the time away and he had to physically force himself out of the bed even though every fiber of his being told him not to. He turned back to Tony and gently tucked him.
Peter flushed. Well, it was a pet name but…it wasn't normal. He’d never heard anyone else use it but Wade and…Peter’s flush deepened, well baby boy was
Tony heard the key click in the lock at the front door and he hurriedly placed the photo back in its spot. It and the other two fell forward however and Tony cursed under his breath as he scrambled to fix them.
Tony knew why and crawled onto Steve's lap. He slipped his arms around the back of his neck and lightly kissed his lips before he teased, “You are so cute.”
“Always talking dirty,” Tony sighed heavily. He snuggled deeper into Steve’s chest as all his anxiety melted away in the warmth of his husband’s embrace. He closed his eyes and whispered, “I think I can sleep again…”
Their lips met with familiarity and Tony’s chuckles dwindled to soft pants. Tony tasted like the readymade vanilla Frappuccino he had snagged from Sam’s fridge earlier that morning. Steve smirked and whispered into his lips, “How many Frappuccinos did you take?”
“We’re going to get you out of there,” Steve promised. “We’ll just go a little slower so you don’t get hurt, okay?”
This creature smiled at them with a row of teeth like a crocodile’s, but bigger. A pink, warped tongue flickered out from within in its mouth but there was no sign of Peter.
My chess pieces are set and every single member of the superfamily is willing to risk it all. But, in the end, which chess piece will end this game, and at what cost?
Tony snapped the face shield back down and turned back to the Shelby Cobra just as the said intruder landed on the ruined vehicle. The man lost his footing on the crumpled car and fell back on to his back very similarly to how Tony had landed.
Steve had told him all about Tony: his likes, his dislikes, his parent’s early demise and how it affected him, MIT, his alcoholism, Iron Man, the Avengers, his relationship with Steve…Anything Steve thought Peter could use to get to know Tony better. Peter looked at Tony in a new light but it was not a connection. For a connection to form, he and Tony needed to relax around each other and personally get to know each other…
Wade blocked out the voices before they started making out and returned his focus to the man in his arms. He gulped. It was now or never. He couldn't have had a more opportune moment...Wade clasped Peter's hips and nervously stared into his gaze as he whispered, "And I...I well I, yes, I do. I MEAN, I - I - I - Dios mio..." Wade took a steadying breath and stated as fast as he could,
“Tony, Thor is coming. Hold on!” Steve stepped closer to the television screen trying to find any sign of Tony in the disintegrating house. Steve hissed, “Answer me, baby!”
“No,” Peter groaned, pulling Wade back down for another kiss. With their bodies no longer moving together the pleasure that had build up was beginning to dwindle. When they broke apart again, Peter grumbled, “Let’s just stay in bed all day…”
Natasha quickly called all the people Steve had schedules with and made excuses for the super soldier and promises of rescheduling. She was going to have nothing to do next week and she felt a little cheated.
He went straight to Steve and gave him a quick hug from behind. He murmured a greeting to his husband and then slipped from him. He looked to his son and nodded, “Hey, Pete.” His eyes then turned to Wade and all the good feelings he had curdled down into his gullet and threatened to expel in a bout of explosive diarrhea.
Peter fell back onto the couch behind him and buried his head in his hands. The mask flopped over the top of his head and the angled, glass eyes glared at Tony.
fit in two duffel bags and, from what he saw, it was mostly clothes (including his Cap uniform and shield).
“We want to keep this on the Down Low,” Tony stated. “We don’t know how the American public would react if Steve came out.”
He immediately contacted Romanov and she picked up on the first ring. She probably had eyes on him ever since he exited the building.
“We’ll take it a moment at a time…I’ve been doing it since I’ve arrived in the past and it’s the only thing that keeps me sane,” Tony said with a small smile. He dropped his eyes and whispered, “Thinking anymore about what may or…or what
“Such a romantic as always,” Peter sighed but his heart was already longing for it. He felt better with his eyes closed. Maybe it really was time for bed. He continued, “I just got to say my good-byes and then we can head up to my room.”
century,” Tony replied with a grin. Remembering Steve’s prior comments about wanting children, he added, “And those same married couples can adopt kids or use a surrogate to carry their kids. Either way, gay men can have happy families and live the American Dream now.”
James did not pause to consider her words. He walked up to the reinforced door and spun the latch. It opened with a creak and let out a blast of cold air.
“You amazing genius!!” Steve gasped then kissed him. Tony laughed excitedly and returned the kiss wholeheartedly.
“Peter, we don’t even know if it is really her,” Uncle Bruce reasoned, his voice was a little shaky.
“Master Hogan drove Sir to his private jet this morning. He will arrive in California within the hour. Shall I inform him of you inquiry? There is a Jarvis uplink in both the plane and Sir’s phone.”
Number one was apprehension. He had hoped the charges would be dropped due to insignificant evidence but that clearly was not the case now. He was going to trial and, if he lost or not, history showed everyone would think him a rapist.
“…I don’t know, Bucky,” Steve sighed. He had worked with Natasha for years in both the Avengers and SHIELD and he only knew what Natasha wanted him to know. He reasoned, “Maybe she just doesn't want you to know she knows.”
“Let’s get away from the peanut gallery,” Bucky whispered and started the bike. Steve wrapped his arms around Bucky’s torso and hid his face in the center of his back. He inhaled deeply, hoping to smell the earthy musk he usually associated with Bucky. The smell was not right, it had changed with Bucky and was more metallic than earthy.
,” Steve gasped, his heart beating frantically as he gently placed his hands on his boyfriend. Tony did not react to his touch or voice. No. He couldn’t – Tony couldn’t be –.
Steve originally thought he was referring to the detectives but he found out who the real vultures were once the detectives pulled up to the front of the station and the reporters descended upon them like they were a freshly deceased carcass.
“I won’t save them,” Tony promised whatever forces controlled the space time continuum. His already broken heart crumbled into a finer dust as he imagined losing Steve.
He removed his hand from his eyes and, without looking back, he waved it over his head and said, “Carry on. I’ll ask Friday when it’s safe to come out again.”
“You are such a loser, Brock,” Peter murmured, bumping into his friend’s side in return and dipping his head down low. He blinked his eyes rapidly from the sudden onset of tears.
Peter stared at his disappearing hand in shock so he nearly missed on the edge of his vision, Pops disappearing.
“I will be there by tonight. I will take one of SHIELD’s quinjets and –,” Steve started to say, rising to start packing his and Peter’s things.
“Like a man, treading a dangerous path,” Jarvis stated. Tony had informed the AI of his intentions that morning and, unsurprisingly, it did not approve.
“Not 100%, however, there were not many who were involved and the majority who were are dead now, Howard…”  Peggy stated.
“Jeez, Stevie! A guy can only handle so much bravado! You take on too much!” Bucky sighed and continued, “But seriously, I love you, punk…” Bucky leaned into his side and ran the tip of his fingers over Steve’s implant. The unfairness of it all filled him with grief.
Norman did not let a muscle twitch as he absorbed this information. The symbiote had heightened senses in addition to strength. He had not formulate that, interesting…
The officer sighed and stated, “Look, North of the park, there are a lot of churches that feed yous guys. If you leave now, you’ll probably be able to grab a bite.”
Steve grinned and said, “Of course, Peter. We’ll make a day of it and maybe even stop by Coney Island and walk the boardwalk, go on some rides, check out the aquarium…”
In a few minutes, Tony had his beard trimmed to a nice shave level. Steve ran his fingers over the stubble as Tony changed the razor head. He commented, “Guess that’s a little quicker than scissors…”
The Captain was scared at first but once they were over the Hudson, he whooped excitedly and seemed to enjoy the flight. Tony grinned upon seeing the twinkle in his late-hero’s eyes…God, rewrite that, no longer late-hero, the man in his arms was alive and breathing. Jarvis was already running comparisons to photos from the forties and they were all coming up as a match.
Steve had helped him find a tent and they set it up beside Steve’s. He ignored his in favor of going into Steve’s tent. Tony sat down on his sleeping bag and started to strip immediately.
“I will inquire,” the AI retorted and then fell silent. Eddie didn’t expect an immediate answer so he raided the room’s mini fridge and then took a shower.
It was of Steve sitting in a pool of Tony’s blood and nearly completely covered in it. Just at the edge of the photo, a corner of the gurney taking Tony away could be seen. Steve’s eyes had been zeroed in on the medical personnel and his expression was completely open, displaying his despair from his wide, hollow eyes to his tear-tracked cheeks.
Steve twitched and then he regretfully murmured, “You need to charge it. We need to know how to correct the future…” He let go of Tony but, by his expression, Tony knew he didn’t want to. He couldn’t imagine what Steve was going through. This new future supposedly promised him a fate worse than death.
They should have gone straight to Peter and informed the rest of the team but as soon as Steve’s lips moved against his he lost all rational thought. But who could blame him? Tony never thought he would kiss this man again and being able to do it simple blew all form of intelligence from his mind.
Natasha hated to step between them because James seemed to be opening up to his friend, but she reached up and touched Steve’s forehead. He was burning up.
Steve was at Tony's side in an instant. He grasped Tony's hand and looked up at the screen with just as much concern. From the corner or his eye, he saw Wade step closer too. Unmasked, Wade's true face expressed more than his mask ever could. His eyes were focused on Peter with just as much love and concern reflected on his and Steve's.
“Tonyyyyy,” Pepper groaned, still worried about Bucky but Tony knew he could trust him. The man seemed to think Tony was his new handler and, once he began to remember, he wouldn’t hurt him because they were friends.
The mass seemed to grow and gain power from the lower volume. It swung the pole one last time then threw it across the intersection, severing more wires and totally cutting the sound.
Steve quickly looked away from her but felt her eyes on him as he made his way to his seat. Tony was already sitting behind the wooden bar that divided them and Steve looked to him instead, taking courage from his gaze. The rest of the team was there with the exception of Bruce, who thought it best to wait outside.
He turned to Tony and seriously stated, “Peter and I need a place to stay and I was hoping your offer still stands.”
It was a hot day and everyone unanimously decided to change into swimsuits to make full use of the pool and spa. As Steve cooked, the others played. He too was wearing swim trunks but he wore a full body apron to protect him from the grease. The apron was something as a joke Tony had bought for him last Christmas. It was made to make it look like whoever wore it was wearing a Captain America uniform and had defined muscles. Yet, on Steve’s massive form it looked absolutely ridiculous and it always brought a smirk to his lips whenever he saw his reflection.
“I am very disorientated right now, Tony,” Steve whispered. He closed his eyes for a second to try and right his spinning mind. He cautiously lifted his head and cast a wary gaze to Tony. Tony met his eyes but his gaze was hard, not revealing any inner turmoil he might be going through. Steve’s head pounded but he continued, he needed to let Tony know, “I am still uncertain about my emotions toward him but I know for a fact how I feel about you.”
They kissed and Tony broke it by murmuring, “We need to change. I am not going to go to breakfast with come in my pants.”
“Shush, James. Where there’s a will, there’s a way,” Aunt Tasha chided. Peter glanced at the couple and saw a small smile grace his uncle’s face. Uncle Bucky had been crushed by his father’s death but Aunt Tasha was bringing him back from the brink.
They both were wearing loose clothing so undressing was quick but they both paused to take in each other’s nude forms. Tony had seen Steve naked before as he was defrosting but seeing him like this: his raw strength, his vulnerable gaze, and even his half hard cock, showing his arousal
“Why is it so bad Uncle Bucky remembas you?” Peter asked Steve quietly, after the doors sealed behind Natasha.
“…Wait, ‘friend’? I thought…” Her voice dwindled as the truth dawned on her. Tony was grateful for the face shield sliding over his expression to hide from her scrutinizing gaze. She asked, “You two ended it? I thought you were going to…”
Tony had promised the mayor he would swoop in before the main ceremony and Pepper had been calling him hourly not to forget. The mayor was practically the only reason they got the permits to build the arc reactor in his tower and even Tony knew not to abuse the favors he promised to the man.
He dropped his head and darkly wondered if Steve would even want him at his side at that point. Tony did put him there.
“Choose…Martyr…Oh my God,” Tony gasped as his usual quick mind was slow on the uptake. Steve. Steve his glorious, noble, self-sacrificing husband…he would do it.
She fell back onto the bed and he curled around her. She nuzzled her face next to his and whispered his name on a soft sigh, “
There was distance between them and they circled each other. Natasha’s arm was throbbing from the deep cut on her arm and hot blood dripped into the white snow beneath their feet. She did not tend to her wound because she knew, as soon as she did, the man opposite her would move in for the kill.
Tony did not complain about losing the godfather-role like Steve had expected. In fact, he was glad for Ben. The older man was just as besotted with Peter as Peter was with him and Tony saw it.
Steve smiled at his lover and then looked to the other couple. Both men’s faces were masked but their eyes seemed larger. Wade pumped his fists and gasped, “Sexy Pops is the best!”
He bowed his head and pressed it into Tony’s chest. Just saying the words aloud were too horrible to speak, he couldn’t imagine if he really had to face a world where it was true.
“Agent, let’s just say I’m looking to out-do my dad and the first step is getting some information on that shield.”
He crushed on Spider-man for years but who wouldn’t? He was the ideal superhero, fighting for the common good, not for the government, or a team, or money, or selfish reasons. Despite everything he’d been through, he was still good and pure and…and
Peter snorted and his parents walked out into gym. They waved to Clint and walked up to where Peter was stretching and Steve asked, “Aren’t you going to get your shield?”
“This is a little ostentatious,” Steve murmured. He met Tony’s hazel eyes and felt the flush hit his cheeks. He hoped Tony would attribute it to the flair of Peter’s new toy.
“Shut up, J, I’m human,” Tony grumbled. The palladium core to his reactor was revealed, but, it was no longer the white-silver insert he had installed. It was almost entirely covered in a reddish-brown rust. His core was literally the core of the problem. Tony gulped, “Y-You wouldn’t happen to have a backup palladium core on you, J?”
…” Tony’s voice was layered with so much comfort and adoration that, at that moment, Steve knew without a doubt he loved his best friend. He loved Tony.
“…Do you age?” Tony demanded as Fury stopped before them. He certainly didn’t look much older than the man they interacted with in the past.
Steve gently grasped the tablet and slipped it from Tony’s hold. Steve whispered, “They were my friends…from before…”
Once in the busy lobby, Tony led Steve to the main desk to check in and walked closely to him, his hand brushing Steve’s multiple times. Everyone was staring them as they crossed the room. Tony counted at least three people sneaking pictures of them and he knew there definitely had to be more that he did not see.
Ben look wearied and his age was showing more than usual. Learning that Mary was alive was a huge shock to him, more so when he found out she might blame Steve for what occurred.
“…Please don’t tell me there is a twelve-year-old kid waiting in the car that I’ve never met,” Tony asked whoever was at the door and Steve narrowed his eyes.
They put Peter’s hand underneath a microscope and had him make it “sticky” so Bruce can watch the process. When it happened, Bruce shot back from the microscope with wide eyes and an excited grin.
Peter took off Wade’s mask and tossed it on the nearest table as he whispered into his lips, “I love it.”
Tony forced himself to concentrate on his work and had a prototype by the late afternoon. He constructed a new joint on Bucky’s shoulder and then had Bucky try on the new arm so he could see what adjustments he’d need to make.
“The heart of the beast is nowhere to be seen however,” Clint cut in. “There’s been no visual on the Red Skull.”
Venom moved against Peter’s skin with a small shudder when Tony’s face pressed against it. His dad didn’t seem to notice it as he smiled warmly at Peter and clapped his shoulder.
“Enough,” Wade retorted. He got to his feet with Peter still in his arms. Peter wrapped his limbs around Wade to make it easier for him to hold him and they began to move. Steve must have returned in the meantime because Peter could hear him whispering directions to Wade as he began to walk out of the gym. Peter buried his face into Wade’s chest and concentrated Wade’s heartbeats, measuring their rate between beats.
“Please don’t start patronizing me,” Tony groaned, leaning back into the bed. No, this wasn’t a bed it was a piece of seventh heaven. Howard was
soul. He didn’t want to upset him or have him upset him in turn but…it was happening, right now, and there was nothing Tony could do to stop it because Tony couldn’t stand down. He loved Steve but he also loved his son too.
Because not only were his company’s weapons being sold to terrorists but Obie admitted to betraying him and to being the one selling the company's arms under the table.
“Is in France,” Steve reminded him. “It’s waiting by the time machine for you when you’re finally able to return home.”
“Where are you?” Tony would ask him periodically. “Tell me and I'll tell my dad and we'll save you.”
Wade made another strangled noise. He was still freaking out over Captain America being in an apron but then Peter had to go and call him “Pops” and make one of the world’s greatest heroes so-so… so fantastically
The cut did not really bug him, the lie bugged him. Sadly, he was used to it, however, what really bugged him was that he was going to have to sew up his mask
“It’s okay,” Bucky intoned reassuringly. Tony sounded more upset than he should have for getting a little help up. Tony still wasn’t really meeting his gaze. He must have felt guilty for being a burden. He seemed like the kind of guy who wanted to stand on his own two feet by himself. Bucky smiled ironically to himself…he’s just like Steve…the little punk always tried to take care of himself whenever he got sick.
Tony slid into Steve’s lap as soon as the elevator opened for her and murmured into Steve's lips, “We, my beloved husband, are going to relieve some stress”
After a night of love making, both of them were filthy and the bedsheets were in just of a bad state. Steve was already imagining warm baths and lots of bubbles that weren't possible…they could take semi-warm “baths” in the tin tubs the Army provided…
Meeting Mary was more nerve wracking than him and Tony coming out to the public and sending Peter to his first day of school alone
Wade ripped himself off the skewers and moved toward the monster. Venom leapt at him and grabbed Wade with its razor-sharp claws and then shrieked at Wade with all its might, displaying its long teeth and hitting Wade in the face with flecks of its saliva.
Steve glanced Tony’s way and his boyfriend grinned in confirmation of Natasha’s words. Clint laughed and denied both options. Thor’s mouth was full of food so he could not voice his evident questions. He and Jane look curiously at the involved parties but Steve caught their eyes and silently shook his head. After that, the subject was dropped and they returned to their usual dinner conversations.
”I’ll be fine,” Steve assured him and then hefted the circular tub up and onto his shoulder and held it there with the support of one arm. The water sloshed gently but it was only filled half way so Steve would need to do some serious jumping in order for it to get too sloshy. The tubs were army regulated and were only big enough for someone to sit crossed-legged in and made of lightweight tin so he barely felt the weight as made his way back upstairs to his room. It was a glorified bucket and it’s weight was light enough that even a regular soldier could handle it on his own nonetheless a super soldier.
Steve glanced at his watch, it was a little after 3 a.m. He got a couple hours of sleep. Looking at the dark bags under Bruce’s eyes, Steve knew his friend got absolutely no sleep.
“You were in luck, we have an investor here right now and she’s going back to the states.” The doctor smiled and added, “They’re going back to New York actually. That’s where you think you’re from, right?”
“Ish not hurted,” Peter assured them then he tore the thick cushion in half and dropped the larger of the two.
Steve shook his head and chuckled darkly. Without facing Tony and keeping his stride, he retorted, “That and the photos.”
One day, his world was amassed in bright, brilliant colors. At first, it was only pinks and reds, but soon other colors joined the spectrum, bleeding into the world like the progression of a sunset: purple, blue, green, and the such. He'd experience this new world only in increments and would return to the cold darkness like clockwork. The hours of color became days to him and the time of the dark cold were his dreary nights.
Peter smiled too, Tony’s grin was magnetic and he said, “According to Steve we are more alike than we realize. We talked about you, you know…”
“You wouldn’t believe how hard it is for me not to do something as hold your hand right now,” Tony murmured to Steve, leaning closer to him.
They kissed again, this time a little longer and a little filthier as their tongues twisted together.
Despite the excitement that was brought about with their kisses, their bodies reminded them of the exhaustions of the day as soon as they laid down. Their wild kisses turned lazy and they fell asleep wrapped in each other’s arms with their lips still just touching.
Steve smiled and knelt down to kiss him gently. He went to pull back but reached up and carded his fingers through Steve’s hair and held him there a few moments longer.
"That doesn't matter," Tony retorted bitterly. All Peter would focus on were the bad years...It was what everyone did...
“Cap,” Natasha hissed, drawing his eyes away from Tony. He looked to where Natasha had raised her gun. In the little time Steve had spent with Tony, the Goblin had been hard at work.
Steve felt sick and dropped Norman. His statement about not hurting Peter sounded sincere but the rest of it did not. For a moment, Steve imagined Peter in the hands of the Red Skull or the Mandarin and he felt like he would throw up. He stumbled back into Tony and his husband grasped him tightly.
“Peter?” Steve he asked breathlessly. Had he escaped too? His heartrate began to pick up as panic set in.
Tony sat next to him and tightly clutched his hand. Guilt bubbled in Steve’s stomach. If Tony knew what he had done with Bucky…
He got permission to fly off of the roof where the show was filmed and he was back to the Tower in no time with no hassle from New York's infamous traffic or paparazzi.
“Oh, my God, you broke him,” Peter laughed. Peter clasped Wade’s cheek and made him look down at him. He stated, “Wade, babe, calm down. It’s just
“Take a breather, Clint. You’ve been at this all day. I’m backing her up,” Stark piped from behind her.
~~Takes place a few months after the events of Captain America 2, Steve is depressed. He's called into SHIELD and thinks it's for a mission but it is actually so Agent Hill can sit him down to tell him when he was frozen the Hydra agents in SHIELD took part in his extraction from the ice. Hydra tried to recreate a super soldier and with Steve's sperm is able to impregnate several women, in the end, only one baby survives. The boy is without a doubt Steve's son and Hydra doused him with gamma-radiated spider DNA to make him stronger than Steve. Agent Hill asks Steve if he wants to see him to which Steve says yes. When he sees his son, he instantly is smitten... and that's the foundation for Building a Superfamily series!~~
“A Bucky Bear!” Tony laughed, “Oh, we need to get that and, Jarvis, order the complete collection of Captain America comics to be delivered to the house.”
Bruce knelt in front of Steve and wrapped his arms around Steve’s shoulders, drawing him into an embrace. Steve grabbed the edge of Bruce’s sweater and buried his face into his shoulder.
“What’s wr…” Tony paused with a frustrated huff and rephrased the question, “Why are you so distant right now? What’s going through your mind? Is it Bucky’s kiss? Are-Are you having second thoughts?”
Before this, he'd gone his entire life without a single dream. He’d grown up wondering if he’d ever gain a soulmate and be able to dream with that person or forever be a part of that faction that never dreamed.
Wade went to Peter’s side and lightly touched his shoulder. Peter flinched back and Venom acted immediately, turning its tendrils into sharp points and skewering themselves into Wade. Wade’s entire body jerked back as he was stabbed in multiple points.
Tony Stark, superhero, billionaire, philanthropist, inventor, and the love of Steve’s life was gone, lost to the icy embrace of the Pacific Ocean.
Pepper nodded and not a moment later a glowing orange arm broke through the floor right beneath Tony. Pepper screamed as the floor tilted downwards and she and the metal slid down. Tony was thrown back and Steve jumped back, taking a battle stance with his shield.
After the ceremony, they returned to the tower for lunch. As they ate, Tony made a reference Steve could not understand and it led to the creation of Movie Night at the Avengers, a first for them. Tony decreed that he was done trying to explain pop culture references to Steve and these movies would better acclimate him to this world.
Bucky nodded and Peter said, “Yah, I jusht asked Uncle Bucky a question…Are you a superhero too?” He added, directing the question to Bucky. Bucky flinched and replied, “Not really…”
Pepper’s idea for them to share an intimate moment before the cameras worked like a charm. No one doubted the validity of their relationship now but they had no idea that what they had recorded was just the first cornerstone of their budding bond. Hell, Tony wasn’t sure if he should refer to Steve as his boyfriend…When this was fake, he would have said it easily enough but now…He wanted to do nothing to destroy the fragile thing he and Steve were creating. He had no idea what Steve’s thoughts were on the matter since he had been so forcibly taken away.
Somehow, he was brought back. Maybe a mad scientist got a hold of his body and resurrected him or maybe someone in the 107
But the interviews were a double-edged sword and Steve became stressed by every single one. It was after one particular interview that they discussed the lie of how they had started dating, did Tony find his boyfriend in their dressing room with his face buried in his hands.
The SHIELD facility was on private property with gates and guards to keep the public out so there were no reporters to barrage him with millions of questions when he stepped outside. He thought he was going to call a cab but he was surprised to see Happy sitting in the same Bentley he had dropped them off in yesterday.
Steve had just recently found out when he had been first removed from the ice Hydra agents had taken the same samples SHIELD took from him. They did numerous experiments that ended with just as many deaths.
Clint was driving and strangely silent. Bucky was equally quiet next to him but it seemed to be a norm for Bucky now. His old friend silently stared out the window, watching New York and its people go by. The old Bucky would have said something loudly in his and Steve’s defense.
Tony had used the notes his father had left him to create the element he’d been unable to and now he had a new arc reactor and a new chance at life. Those notes led him to the few clues his father had been able to leave him this model and an old reel of film.
Steve sat in the chair next to Pepper to explain and they dropped the SHIELD subject as Pepper demanded more information on Steve’s history.
“Pepper!” Tony gasped. The fire cleared and Pepper stepped out. The fire licked at her glowing body, its caress caused no damage.
Wade paid the cabbie off with the card Clint had given him and the man drove off before Wade completely shut the door. He turned back to the Parker brownstone with slight trepidation.
Steve shook his head and said, “There’s nothing, sir. I need to go now. Peter needs some real food.” And Bruce.
The rest of the Commandos came to the fire and the team settled down for their evening “meal.” Bucky was slow to dig into his MRE and he wondered if the Swiss base had a mess hall like the Hydra one had…
“He’s going to be fine,” Steve stated before she could finish the thought. “If Howard can’t find a solution then Tony will go back to the future and get help there.” He repeated with more vigor, “He’s going to be fine.”
“Don’t be ridiculous! You’re still you! And I thought I only liked women but I clearly am ok with the change!” Tony rubbed his forehead and took a calming breath before he stated, “Steve…this is not healthy. You shouldn’t lock up yourself like this. You’re only hurting yourself.”
And it did so while Tony was mucking around one of its abandoned buildings in the middle of nowhere in France.
“Newbie?” The hairy, gruff man beside him asked. Steve looked questionably at him and the man reiterated, “Is this your first time on the streets?”
Venom was drawn to a large intersection where a great, cylinder glass cage sat in the middle. More wires than usual hung around the intersection and there were additional speakers but Venom ignored them, the cage was clearly there for him and captured all of his attention. Venom recognized it from his host’s memories as being the thing that could contain the Hulk and Norse Gods. Venom paused as he doubted decision to move any closer.
Thanks for reading! The next chapter will take a little longer to get out as I am taking a camping trip to Yosemite and going to Comic Con next week! So I'm going to be doing a lot of driving and am going to be pretty busy but I promise to post the next chapter as soon as possible! Once again, thanks for reading! :)
His aunt was talking to him but he did not notice until she waved her hand in front of his face. He jerked back in surprise and focused on her patient face.
“The Tower might be another target,” Coulson continued. “So we are going to evacuate it. The Parkers have volunteered to watch your son in the meantime and we will have eyes on them until you get back, if that is fine by you.”
He heard the slight whine of Tony’s thrusters as he got closer but he had not been expecting to feel Tony’s metal hand slide into his nor feel the body of his suit to press into his back. Steve wanted to lean back into him and draw him closer. For half a second, he almost did just that. However, a moment later, he jolted out of Tony’s hold and turned on him with a scowl.
Tony nodded and held Pepper’s arms tightly as he lightly kissed Steve’s forehead. He whispered, “Sleep well, Cap. I’ll love you to the end of time…”
Peter was defiant until the end. That was his Peter. Peter was alive and he was going to survive this.
Steve stripped down to his boxers and they found more black tar patches on his body. The one Bruce originally found on his bicep was the smallest, being the size of a palm print. He had another on his opposite leg completely covering his calf and the largest stretched across his back.
. He remembered you over me. There’s your answer. I am pissed because after all these years and after what we shared because he remembered
Steve squeezed his hand but could not stop his lips from trembling nor his eyes from overflowing again. He was a mixture of emotions but…but mostly he was just grateful.
Cable was grumbling to himself again as he sat back down at his desk with a bag of SunChips. Steve lay down on the bed and pulled the photo from the future out of his pocket. He stared at it for a long time…because, this, this was what he was striving for…
Steve had seen similar wounds in the war from shrapnel. Such wounds were a death sentence on the field. He hissed, “Is-Is this really happening?! You better not be messing with me! Tony??”
“It was mutual, it still hurt a fucking lot, but we knew we were going in separate directions so we thought it best we end things before it got any more serious…” Tony replied, his gaze dropping a fraction. “I tried to work it out between us and pretend I did not like you that way. But she could not handle Iron Man and…well
Peter wondered if it could even look like a plain shirt and Venom moved without any more prompting. It slid out of its beaker and over Peter’s body. It wrapped around him and then settled itself over his shirt, looking like a plain black t-shirt.
Steve urged Bucky to his feet and Peter’s eyes latched onto him and followed Bucky the entire time as they made their way to Steve’s floor.
Steve handed her the sketch and she stared at it with wide eyes. Steve stated, “Tony’s father was younger than I was when I knew him.”
,” Wade purred and pinched Peter's butt. Peter laughed and lightly nipped at the side of Wade's neck.
Their latest group of enemies had been defeated and, as the smoke cleared, Peter was nowhere in sight.
“Mainly, he warned to not let the media find out on their own…that we should tell them,” Peter replied.
Tony casually slipped out of the elevator and stepped in front of him. He asked, “Are we really going to watch a movie or are we going to use it as an excuse to start off where we last stopped off.”
Cap held the lathering brush out to him and Tony accepted it with a grimace. He hadn't been clean shaven since college!
“It’s fine,” Rogers reassured him. He smiled warmly at Peter and said, “We haven’t told SHIELD about you, about-about Spider-Man. And Tony has not told them about having a son. We’re going to let you decide what SHIELD knows…”
Steve kissed the soft flesh of Tony’s inner thigh and the skin quivered beneath his lips. His gaze flicked up to Tony’s face and he saw the other man wasn’t even trying to hide his coming undone at Steve’s touch. Seeing him like that drew Steve back to his upper body. He needed to kiss those parted lips.
Tony slowly drew one of his hands over the fabric of Steve’s jeans and then pressed down into the deepest cleft of his ass. Steve bit down on his lip with a hiss but pressed harder into Tony. Tony could feel the beginnings of his mate’s erection pressing into his chest.
Tony stood up straighter. He had been expecting having to fly halfway across the world to some godforsaken country. Not somewhere in his own backyard
want him consulting on a delicate matter such as this. Knowing Stark, as soon as he finds out Cap is alive, he’ll announce it to the world. I want this on the down low as long as possible.”
“It feels like it is too impossible, doesn’t it?” Tony continued, “After all our trials, is it really this easy?”
“One step away from passion,” Tony said, waving his words away with a twitch of his hand. He continued, “Maybe I can help Barnes do more than be friendly with her, maybe I can set them up.”
Eddie’s exclamation broke the spell on the people in the rest of the room. Everyone moved forward to congratulate them. He and Eddie broke apart and accepted their congratulations with smiles and happy words.
“You went to him and abandoned your son,” Natasha growled from the passenger seat. “That is something, not nothing.”
Bruce’s gift was a few shirts all with the Hulk and the scientist joked, “Now he can wear more than just Iron Man merchandise.”
,’ why should I believe you? You helped create this monster and you delivered it to my son. And now you expect us to believe you have had a change of heart? I really doubt it since you don’t even have a heart…”
