"Yeah, fine," Sam nods, sitting up. "Just need a bandage." Salem makes a move for the medical box, taking out gauze to stick over Sam's head wound. Thankfully, it's not that bad, and Sam insists that he's perfectly fine and can handle looking for Abaddon.
Gabriel spears a chunk of loose pasta and says, fork in mouth, “We need to talk about Kevin.”
Can we call?
celebrities, right? Castiel himself was one as well, one of the world’s most famous high fashion designers. Either way, Dean had to admit he was impressed with how well he’s keeping his cool.
and i love cas so much
Dean freezes in his spot just to watch and Castiel and his employees pass him by. He can hear Castiel saying something like “... Barnes to check with the P.A., see if he’s coming in next...” The man keys it into his phone hurriedly, holding a computer bag under his arms, and Dean makes a mental note to clear up space in his phone notes app. There are way too many wish lists and shopping lists there.
Dean nods. Rowena sits up, interested.
Bela makes the hostages run the printers 24/7 because every time they stop, they lose half a million dollars and she can't have that. They work in shifts at different stations each time so they can stretch their legs. There are technical adjustments made every three hours to make sure they run with no problems. They're already running a little bit over the normal printing rate but she is earning herself and the others sixteen million dollars an hour, which means three hundred and eighty-four million dollars a day. In the event that they become pressed for time, she had consulted with Chuck before -- they will increase the output rate by two million per hour (making it eighteen million instead of their regular sixteen) at the risk of equipment failure. However, she could counter that with increasing the technical stops instead.
Dean had pointed out that there was a church near their hotel, but he didn't get the chance to visit it until their last week in Paris. The Sacré-Cœur; with white domes of travertine stone on the top, it looked more like a castle if it weren't for the small crucifixes on the tips of those domes. There were bronze statues of Joan of Arc and King Saint Louis IX erected on each side of the church. Dean rarely visited churches — he liked keeping a fair distance from religion — but he wanted to go with him out of interest to see the large church.
“An ant can’t crush a boot, you’re right,” Dean agrees. “So think of it this way; I’ll have you in for multiple counts of tax evasion.” He gestures to Lucian “Ant," — and to himself — “And boot.”
"Chuck Shurley, the print manager of the bank," Sam answers and a wave of relief washes over Dean. Thank God the 'him' isn't Angeles.
But I guess that’s the point.
Dean narrows his eyes at him, frowning. "What are you two planning?"
“He’s doing the shoot, he just needs to know what time Friday,” Dean answers. “Kevin’s samples should be coming up any time now. Crowley suggested tonight and Tessa for tomorrow at 10. The Westwood jackets are in storage right now.”
By now, the SWAT team has pushed a periscope camera through a hole they have drilled in the wall of the landing zone to scope the area. They end up being greeted by the sight of just over ten people, all dressed in red coveralls and Dali masks, pointing guns at the camera.
Bee just died.
He angles the gun to the wall behind Toni and shoots, the bullet cracking loudly against it. Cas walks out of the office, putting the bullets back into his pistol as Meg and Sam exchange worried stares.
"I'm kidding," Cas quickly says, smiling slightly. "It gets everyone every time."
"It's not like it's a habit. It's purely recreational," Michael defends. He knows it's not a good reason, but Cas knows nobody can make Michael do anything he doesn't want to. "The doorbell's broken. Knock."
You, I need your help.
Dean gets an idea. "Why don't you talk to me, yeah? Why are you so bothered about Dean?"
you moved on or whatever, but
"Thank God for Kevlar," Angeles sighs, touching the vest. "I need to get this off you."
Dean walks through the door and goes past the aisles of books, looking for a reaper. He finds one going through a book, VIOLET, from season 14.
That does get Crowley thinking — nobody wants to get treated like a punching bag forever and they all know Dean could keep going if he wanted. Finally, Crowley asks, “Do you think you can run forever? Naomi will be in the prison, albeit in just one room, but there’s seven of us in here and she knows three of our faces. It won’t take long for her to connect the pieces.”
“Great, that’s that,” Dean says, setting the outfit down on a chair. “Ugh, this is gonna take so long to unpack.”
Chuckling, Dean says, "Now you get how I felt in the first heist. You scared the shit outta me with that shoulder shot."
Over the radios, Dean says, "
Adam had grown fond of all the robbers during the one year Dean assembled them to prepare for the heist. So when he wasn't there to warn Balthazar about Abaddon's release and got visuals cut out when Bela died, he'd been distraught. He never got to say goodbye.
“Yup, for 7 AM,” Dean answers, quickly opening his planner so that he’s ready for any questions from Castiel. He never thought he’d have a planner but now Dean can’t do his job without one. It’s so much easier than keeping it all on his calendar and at least he won’t accidentally delete an event again. “We’ll be in Paris by 8.”
Mick Davies, his closest friend in the force back in America, joined him when he moved back to the UK. They reenlisted in the Metropolitan police, eagerly welcomed back.
Woah, look at you! Hey.
“Wow,” Dean says, fanning himself dramatically. “Mr. Holmes, you’re amazing.”
Cas shrugs. "I tried everything else."
my brother!" Santiago protests, clearly concerned, and everyone stares wide-eyed. Dean realises -- Santiago is Castiel's falsely imprisoned brother.
“I don’t know,” Dean answers, shrugging as he leans against the doorway. “Cas found out about me dating Pax today.”
He said that... that he loved me.
We’re gonna find a way to bring
ribs to merge with some grace
How you doing? You okay?
They end up with Dean being pressed up against the fridge and Cas hovering right in front. There is a small magnet that Dean can't identify pressing into his back when Cas kisses him. It's slow and it's sweet, and Dean drinks him in. Tries to breathe in as much of Cas as he can, feel the light stubble on his jaw, and the gentle pull of his hands. Dean's used to kissing hard and fast. He's used to kissing like there's something after.
I may not get to graduate.
"Well, those angels never met you," Cas says like Dean is some powerful force that could bring a cosmic being to its knees.
we’ve got sleep deprivation or
Sam asks, innocently enough with an undertone of suggestiveness, "After you guys graduate from college, would you get an apartment together?"
Angeles suggests, "It may not be him. A lot of people have similar voices and speech patterns."
Breakdown
“What do you care about what’s legal or not?” Anael challenges. “You have blood on your hands. You killed the ones that didn’t do anything.”
Cas exhales, his breath tickling Dean's cheeks, and he smiles. "Move in with me."
She cuts herself off, eyes widening, and Dean picks up what she’s dropped, whispering, “Angeles.”
She watches, anxious, as Lilith creeps over to the office door, opening it. She assumes it’s silent as Adam doesn’t react to the door opening, still distracted by the folders. Lilith lifts up the scalpel, inching closer towards Adam. Anael would go but she knows she’ll never make it in time — she can only hope Dean and Gabriel get there before she makes her move.
Toni ducks into an office as soon as she hears the clacking of gurney wheels against tile ridges. If they're moving Kansas, it's either they're looking for her or someone else has been shot. From the commotion of the other robbers running to the office where Kansas was held, Toni thinks it's safe to assume it's the latter.
MICHAEL
or that dying is what god wants for you
“Yep,” Dean nods slowly, awkwardly popping the ‘p’.
"The media is eating us alive," Zachariah complains.
Listening to the tape and knowing how hard it is to put one together, Dean feels like his present didn’t match up to Cas’s and he felt bad about it, so he spent the next two hours baking a small cake to bring to Cas. Cas had invited him in, where Gabriel, Anna and Bela were already there to celebrate the holiday with him. Dean turns him down achingly and goes back. It’s not fair to either of them. He had Sam and Eileen and already invited Adam and Michael over anyway.
honestly? no
VIOLET
"What's this?" Cas asks, holding the Chanel jacket up to himself and looking in the mirror.  "Doesn't look like you wear it often." Obviously, it's womenswear, but Cas honestly can't care about that. He just wears what looks good on him.
destiny. It’s just meaningless.
"Of course, I'll have a car pick you up, just let me know when you're landing and what terminal to pick you up from," Castiel finally says. "I'll bring you and your brother out for lunch, then. I'll see you soon, Sam." He passes the phone back to Dean, giving him a small smile before going into his office. "Thank you for running my errands, Dean."
Hannah falters. "I love you, Castiel."
(See the end of the chapter for
speaking of exhausting I’m BEAT
anyway
THIS IS SO UNFAIRRRR
"In some contexts," Balthazar shrugs. "Why are you telling me your name?"
?” John asks, referring just to the aspect of ‘lame suburban dad’ and Dean’s venom when he says it.
When he opens the door, Dean stands there with this wide, shit-eating grin, and he says, “Now that’s no way to talk to your first customer, Cas.”
“Aye,” Rowena affirms. “I’m terribly sorry, boys, but he’s my son, I can’t leave him there to die. Not for something he did for me.”
“Nerves are at their end,” Dean answers. “Is he always like this?”
Michael leans over from his place in the bed, tucking one hand under Adam’s chin to gently turn his gaze towards his own. “Hey, promise me you’ll be careful. I can’t look out for you in there.”
Locker 275:
Dean takes off the rack a PRPS black denim jacket, decorated with a white paint splatter over the left and across the back down the right sleeve. He pulls it on over his shirt and looks at himself in the mirror. Crowley looks on with distaste as he asks, "Why do you insist on denim? It's a crime."
I've never heard of him.
Hello Dean,
Cas realises what Dean is getting at and he calls quietly, "Dean." A strange look passes Detroit's face.
you know you'll have to tell him. you can't keep it quiet forever.
i know it's stupid
Sam still disapproves, obviously, and Dean wonders just how much do Sam and Cas share between each other. At this point, they might as well be a reality show and replace that
Well, we can work on it on the way to school tomorrow.
Cas shuts off the heat and runs to the door, fiddling with the lock in frustration until he gets it, throwing open the door to see Dean's tired smile. He has a bruise on one cheek, still shiny, and a cut lip that leads Cas to notice that he now has a stubble. His hair is a bit longer and unkempt and the clothes he's wearing are obviously not his.
Sam pulls out his phone and starts trying to call people. He calls Jody, we hear her voicemail. Jack walks closer to Dean, still on the floor -- they both wear a pained expression.
Dean smiles, “So, you get that often?”
Crowley leans in close, glowering. “Yes.”
He and Cas aren't so bad either; sure, sometimes there are the inevitable couple's fights, but they never go to bed angry. Dean loves waking up in the morning to see the ring on Cas's finger, constructed by melted gold from their first heist and a diamond from the second. Sometimes, he can barely believe that he and Cas are here, now. It's hard to believe that six years ago, Cas was pressing a gun into his side and asking him his name.
When they enter the busy studio, Castiel says to Sam and Eileen, “There are chairs there if you want to sit. Please be quiet when we start shooting in about ten minutes.” He walks off to talk to Gabriel about makeup, leaving Dean, Sam and Eileen alone.
Sorry I couldn't make it today and most of the week. I'm not trying to avoid you, I guess I just didn't know what to say. You've gone from being my boss to my boyfriend and then not, I guess at some point the employer status was just forgotten. But I will be back on Friday like I told you.
After just passing over 40 hours in the Factory, Detroit and Cas had come up with 100 new synthetic diamonds and Eileen's team in the forgery melted over 5,300 kilograms of gold into pieces of paper. Gabriel's wound had begun to heal and he'd already gone back to help work on the gold as well. Ash was making sure their communication is still encrypted and all in all, it had seemed like their minor setback yesterday wasn't that bad.
sometimes i don’t want to remember dean either, it’s ok.
He returns the phone to Sam so he can pick up Charlie’s call. “Charlie, I —”
Bela's mouth falls open slightly before she smiles, small. "He did?"
"Got it, boss," Vegas says airily and she and London laugh as they drive off ahead of them to the bank.
"Two."
You did it. Is everyone okay?
i believe in star wars supremacy
Crowley frowns. “But why so many?”
"Well, he's a cop," Dean shrugs. Angeles gives him a flat look but doesn't argue Dean's point. The matter dropped, Dean says, turning to go down the stairs, "When he called, he didn't say who got shot, just that it was a man. I thought you got shot and it... felt like shit."
copyrighted since he already started work on it before Roman. If this ever went to court and we asked for Chuck and Roman's documents, we'd find the photos he took of Cas's sketches. He'd be fine, probably pull a good fee from both of them. Most plagiarism cases don't go to court, so Pamela's talking to him right now about keeping it within the involved parties and sending a cease and desist."
Castiel continued to stare — people used to tell Gabriel to get him in check because of how ridiculously much Castiel just stared at people without saying anything. He didn’t do it as much now, but he now does it with a pointed look like he wants people to know what he’s thinking.
"They did it," Crowley echoes in disbelief.
Sam stares at the news channel, the newscaster gone, leaving only an empty table. He looks guilty.
Dean Winchester, Castiel Novak
Bela smiles, open to the idea, and returns, "What are you thinking?"
Cas smiles, but it doesn't reach his eyes.
Obviously, all three of them can't keep their mouths shut, and Missouri talks to him in the elevator about how she thinks Dean's crush on Cas is painful to watch now that Pax is in the mix, but she doesn't reply when Dean asks her what she means. Pamela slaps him on the ass and praises him for landing Pax and Dean offers a weak grin because of the part of him that wishes he'd landed Cas instead.
"That's at 2 today at the studio," Cas details. "RSVP for Adam and Michael's wedding." Dean can't help but grin at that and writes it down.
Sam, we can --
Ten minutes later, Sam looks at the news and sees Crowley's mugshot with the headline 'HUMAN TRAFFICKER'.
never runs out of, it’s time. It’s
"Yeah, if she knows about it!" Sam spluttered, though he follows Dean through and starts looking for white sage. They wanted to get Michael out of hell and then bind him so they can try to get him out of Adam and back to Heaven. Their version of doing Adam justice, by trying to get that Archangel out of his body so he can at least attempt to move on and have a normal life.
Ketch turns slightly to Naomi to discuss quietly, "Could be one of them in disguise."
why is kevin crying over a photo of a chicken wearing a hat
"I just want a friend," Castiel says. "I thought of calling my therapist but I think I just want a friend."
Kevin Tran, Dean Winchester, Castiel Novak
Angeles looks at Dean from his place on the couch and asks, "How are you?"
Castiel gets one more drink. Not enough to get drunk because he promised Dean that he wouldn't drink so much anymore, but tipsy enough to have conscious courage.
"Not your fault," Cas denies. An uncomfortable silence settles between them and Cas clears his throat. "I'll leave at 12:30 and I'll come back around 4 or 5."
“Yes, sir,” Dean mutters, fingers flying across his screen. It occurs to him belatedly that he should just voice record Castiel next time and transcribe everything later.
Castiel glances out of the window. "It's raining."
Naomi runs a hand over her face, muttering, "I thought we had that scrubbed from the Internet. How could you possibly have those?"
surprise :)
“God, I want to hug you so bad,” Dean says heavily.
"Why not
"Go to the window, we've got someone you'll like to see," Naomi says on the other end.
Dean nods once to himself and explains, “This guy and I kissed, right, but —“
“Thank you,” Castiel says dryly. He changes the subject, questioning, “It’s Valentine’s Day, don’t you have a date or something to get to?”
if i had it my way, we'd never be in this situation.
you're with charlie right
Dean nods, smiling, “My first day.”
Right then, Ketch separates the partitions and says reluctantly, "We agree to your terms. Mick, release Milligan immediately. Your girlfriend Jess is ready for him outside."
“Novak needs to see the satchels that Marc Jacobs is planning for Fashion Week,” Dean tells Charlie.
?" Dean splutters.
she's a godsend
"You don't have the right," Sam cuts over tightly.
"Brother," Dean affirms, taking a step back to put some distance between them. He makes him almost as uncomfortable as Lucian Morningstar did. "Look, if you want to discuss this, I'm Castiel's P.A. Not him. I can arrange a meeting with him for you."
Unless someone else in there
IS TODAY KEVIN ANTI DAY?? WHAT THE FUCK
I said that first.
Cas told Dean that he didn't manage to get anything out of Detroit other than the promise that he wasn't going to play a hero. It'll have to do for now. Dean put Sam and Gabriel in charge of the hostages and switched them out to Rowena and Ash will go down to the foundry to assist Eileen with gold. Cas and Detroit were left in the basement with the diamonds.
A hard whack to the back of his head and Rome's vision goes black.
"You got this," Dean echoes sarcastically. "Give me the spatula, I'll put it in the bag."
The robbers start their quickened pace of shooting as Angeles runs to the back, finding the machine gun. He pushes it to the front of the big hole in the wall, lifting the tarp off the Browning machine gun and aiming it. Angeles shouts, "Dallas, Berlin, get the sheet back up when they start falling back! Ready?" The two of them get over the barricade and grab each side of the fallen sheet, nodding to him. Angeles begins firing the machine gun and they hear the SWAT team yelling that it's a machine gun and to fall back.
"We just heard her in that room," Gabriel says, pointing to the one they just secured. Dean nods and says, "Pair off, go to the unchecked rooms. Fire a shot if you find her." They go back into their original pairs, resuming their search, ears tuned to any sounds above their heads.
It affects you too. You're allowed to feel some way about it.
will always have time. The story
"I'm not letting my brother go in without me." That had been Sam's very simple explanation, and it was that that convinced Adam to go along.
"So, what? Hannah's jealous of me?" Dean almost laughs. He ruined everything with Cas last week, what the hell would she have to be jealous of?
“Well, I was,” Gabriel says. His hands are shaking — his knuckles are white. “And I carried you to the med bay.”
By the time they're done with the tour, Castiel accompanies them to have lunch in the cafeteria. Eileen, Sam, and Castiel have an entire conversation with sign language that flickers so quickly that Dean eventually cuts it short, complaining about being left out. But Dean likes that his brother and friend are getting along with Castiel.
They were styled in Max Mara for the shoot; Castiel was put in a blue velvet suit and Bela, in a blue poplin dress. Since Castiel didn't mind wearing womenswear, they decided to just tailor a Max Mara suit to better fit his body shape and settle on the brand.
Hello, Dean.
[Valentino Fall 19/20, look 21]
“Ah, yes. That denim jacket you blew your entire year’s savings on,” Sam says with sarcastic fondness. “I don’t think I have ever seen you wear that. How much was it?”
he's cutting a furby open i'll ask him tomorrow
“Let me rephrase. I need you to help me finish the plan and pull it off,” Meg clarifies and both men freeze in their spot.
jo harvelle prime example
Does he know?
i think it's alright
The only branded thing Dean wears is just the Bulgari ring Balthazar gave him, otherwise, it’s just cheap clothes he got from a retail shop. Maybe he should have dressed a little higher, but it’s a simple dinner date in his apartment, he figures there’s leeway for that.
Before Dean’s brain can process anything else, his body takes over and his fingertips skirt Cas’s jaw; slow, making sure it’s okay, and when Cas’s eyes slide shut, Dean leans forward and presses a kiss to his lips, light and fleeting. Drunken haze brings Cas’s hands forward to cradle Dean’s face and pull him back in. Dean presses back into Cas, opens his mouth over his and kisses him breathless.
Castiel doesn’t say anything in response, simply muttering, “
time yet.
to the Empty.
"That’s what she said too, but an hour with me and she happily spilt it all," Meg says from her place at the door, hand going over the ridges of her rifle teasingly.
OGGY I CAN’T BREATHE
do this."
“Not any new ones, but I suppose I got a little more acquainted with Belphegor.”
“I can tell from what you tell me that this guy really loves you, man. So if you won’t do it for yourself, then at least do it for him,” Gabriel says.
"Thanks, Adam," Dean responds. His touch on Cas's cheek lingers before falling away to raise his hand to kiss Cas's knuckles. "Almost outta here."
omg hi captain destiel
“Nobody else I’d rather do it with,” Dean says, trying for a weak smile. “Thank you for letting me be your Kansas.”
"It has been a month since I last prayed to you. I have been busy, as I'm sure you have been as well," Castiel starts, a quiet murmur into his hands. "I wanted to pray because, well, I'm worried about the rug being pulled out from beneath my feet. Things have been going well and my life has never been so smooth for so long. I just...  I want everything to be fine. I want Dean to continue to be well, and I hope you assist him as he starts to move on from his mother's death. I know it's something nobody can ever truly get over, but I hope that you will help him as far as is possible."
“Mr. Novak,” she says, leaning forward in her chair. Pushes a bit of her straight brown hair behind her ear. “We agreed that we would start with the basics, and then we would build-up to the main bit. If this is too hard for you, we can do something else. It's all at your own pace, you're in control.”
that's cute
John brings them cheap wine, and he starts with a simple hello.
And Michael.
Adam exhales slowly. “I’m not mad. I know what you’ve done in prison, Mike. Doesn’t change the way I feel about you.” Michael seems unconvinced still, and Adam continues, “If it’ll make you feel better, I’m not gonna be in your way. I’ll be here in the med bay until it’s time to go. I know how to handle myself.”
There, in that office kissing Castiel, nothing, no amount of money or gold, will ever be more valuable than
Castiel has an unhealthy obsession with diamonds which means that he spends a good deal of his spare time either stealing jewels or finding out how to get more. An obsession with collecting them that’s quickly evolved more into kleptomania over the years but Cas is fine with it. It means there’s something for him to pass the time with.
It’s Italian. I think it’s nice. Fitting. It’s what we all are, right? Essentially, we are just marks left on a table. We dry up and we disappear, but it doesn’t mean we were never there.
Dean shakes his head. “Jesus. God-crazy killer and a drug dealer? What the hell kind of family does Michael have?”
how are you two doing? :(
thank you, i'll be here all night.
be hilarious to watch the three of
"Air embolism..." Dean trails off. "50cm
Michael walks up to Dean’s cell, saying into his radio, “CO Jo, I need to see you in 275.” Bringing his hand down from the radio on his shoulder, he stops in front of the cell and waits for Anael to arrive.
Nobody tells him except me.
“Everything you have done for me,” Castiel answers. “Including what happened in the garden.”
you're not gonna fight?
"I will," Dean promises, taking the number. Cassie gives them both a faire la bise before thanking Cas for helping stand-in in her absence. With that, she waves goodbye as Dean and Cas head for the airport to go home.
HELLHOUND????
Gabriel levels him a look. “With the way things are going with your
Sam throws his hands up in bewilderment. "I’m not doing that! You basically said that to Dean."
"I'll bring him up," Dean assures. "I'd never let him just run around." As much as he hated the fact, what John said about Chuck being a sketchy guy stuck with him even though he hadn't met him yet. Cas has, though, and he knows the opinion isn't high.
humans that I saw disappear. It’s
He pauses, strangely finding it difficult to hold it together. He'd never been so vulnerable in his life.
"I'm not selling it," Cas says instantly.
Cas appears at the doorway then, leaning against the frame with a grin. "You told him."
“Dean, I need to say something,” Anael says, looking back at him. “Naomi knows about me and Ruby. She wants me to give up everyone’s names.” Dean is about to protest when she holds up a finger, continuing. “I won’t. I never will, especially knowing how many of you will hunt down me and my girlfriend, so relax.” Dean loses some tension in his face but Gabriel still looks a little on edge at the information.
"Don't shoot!" Sam shouts. "We have an injured hostage, he needs help!"
"Of course. He's my dearest friend, Dean. I would never sell him out," Bela says. She twists around to look at herself over her shoulder. "And you have my approval."
Meg raises her eyebrows, "So you want to go to Spain?"
“I don’t know who told you I’m Paris but I’m not them. I’m not a snitch,” Anael sneers. “You’re not getting anything from me.”
So soon?
then he went on a whole tangent about how he deserves privacy which yes i agree but he also has no problem with this before
"Shut up or I won't take you with me to Italy," Cas scolds, but a warm smile spreads across his face like a sunset painting gold and lilac across a melancholic blue.
Second-in-command in the bank, known jewel thief.
So, what now?
31 October 2008
Castiel shakes his head, “I can do it, Winchester, but thanks for offering.” As soon as he turns to walk into his office, a blonde Englishman runs in, donning full a black Versace suit. "Balthazar?"
if i gotta write a whole damn story to let you know how much i love you then i will
not the Empty. That Shadow is
He closes his eyes, presses the cold metal to his lips, lets the crucifix rest against his mouth in an effortless kiss. While it may have been true that being gay wasn't a sin, the man's words still strike deep within him, reaching into the darkest corners of his heart that he'd tried to block out of times when he'd tried to fight his desire and never did.
Only you would have had this happen to you.
“Weird name,” Castiel echoes back falsely. He pours himself a glass of water and Dean notices the faint classical music playing. “If it makes you feel better, people have adopted the habit of addressing me as Cas.” He talks formally and it distantly reminds Dean of Snail Dude.
never fails to make me smile.
Here it is if you want to have a look: https://www.zillow.com/homedetails/134-37-35th-Ave-8L-Flushing-NY-11354/2084832819_zpid/
Meg says, for once sounding not at all condescending or sarcastic, "As Kev said, I like working for you. I wouldn't sell your designs. I mean, Bal and I worked on a few of those too. Why would I sell them?"
"Because nobody else does," she answers promptly, looking around the suite and walking over to the bedroom.
When she sees Cas taking his pistol from his holster, Toni frowns. "What are you doing?" Even Sam looks slightly concerned as to what he wants to do.
Sam cocks his head with a smile - never a dull moment.
Now go back to your writing club. Tell my brother I said hello.
him back.
hell is wrong with him?" Toni almost screeches.
"Kidding! Obviously," Sam grins. He straightens up and pulls himself together before saying seriously, a small excited smile on his face as he folds his arms. "I'm gonna ask Eileen to marry me."
find out, no prison in this world will be safe enough for you.”
I am.
“Don’t be —“ Dean barely says before he tilts into Cas’s side when the car makes another turn. Dean giggles —
building and breathes in deeply. It’s like the start of a new adventure, as cliché as it sounds. He feels like fashion school is paying off — and yeah, maybe being a personal assistant doesn’t have much to do with fashion, but Dean has a plan. He’s going to build up a good rapport with Castiel Novak and when the time is right, he’ll show him his portfolio and hopefully, he’ll be promoted to a
, Dean thinks, shaking his head as he scribbles over a design for Eileen's dress and flips to a new empty page to start another draft. Cas goes through Dean's closet to help him pick clothes out for France. Cas has a small apartment in France that he stays at when he's in France for longer than a week (and he rents it out when he's not using it), so he assures Dean that he won't need to bring that many sets of clothing. A month's worth of clothes will be a nightmare to pack.
I wish I could have done more.
"Thank you, Dean," Michael replies.
: imagine abiding by the law
Eventually, he agrees. "Alright, I assume you know my name so I'd like to know yours if we're going to be working together."
With everything he’d learned, Dean knows one thing — to get out, they’ll need to pick a place the guards rarely patrol around. They tend to stick to the common areas more so Dean has spent his time exploring the non-restricted areas to find spots to start plotting an escape from. So far, he has the back area of the yard, the laundry room and the kitchen. The yard seems like the best option — closer to the road.
Michael straightens up at Gabriel’s concerned stare, unwilling to look any weaker than he already does. “
Cas pulls back to clock her right in the side of her head.
“Yeah,” Dean says, feeling like the air has left his chest.
what is it?
"Man, that Jesus mural is beautiful," Dean says, looking up at the ceiling and at the pillars.
“I don’t know what she wants me to say,” Dean grumbles. “I said sorry and the event managers won’t cancel her off the guest list.”
Do you like writing?
"It's fine," Dean waves him off. If the roles were reversed, Dean would probably have been screaming bloody murder in the hall. Cas was handling this far better than Dean thought he would. Then again, Cas's 'screaming blood murder' would probably happen later on in his office. "Look, I'll make the calls, okay? And I'll get the car."
Cas intertwines their fingers together and whispers, “Goodnight.” He turns to leave but then stops, looking back. “Dean?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Salem yelps, looking scared, and Dorothy instantly raises her gun to aim at Meg. "Vegas, shoot him and I'll shoot you." Crowley's gun comes up at that, directed at Dorothy, which just makes Salem point her own gun at Crowley's, and now Paris's is aimed at Salem. It would be a fucking ridiculous scenario if it didn't mean that if any of them fired, Dean would die.
Dinner is short when it happens. Dean makes them the fastest food he can make — pancakes. Cas chastises Dean for feeding them pancakes for dinner, but there's no real venom behind it and he ends up eating five of them with so much syrup that Dean has to stop him before he goes crazy on it. Dean insists on lighting candles to "set the mood", and Cas blows them out every time he relights them.
This wasn’t something I put in just because I shipped it.
“How many of these favours do you have?” Gabriel questions.
given Chuck what he wanted, given
Sam nods slightly, understanding.
It’s the first thing everyone knows about the industry. Fashion trends are hard enough to keep up with, keeping it fresh for the market is another, and maintaining a modern unique style is difficult. If you work in fashion, one mistake will have you on a headline. It’s dramatic, Cas knows, but that’s the business.
"What, you mean I'm the first person you told, really?" Dean asks, giving Cas a smug smile. Cas reaches a hand back to playfully smack Dean, but Dean dodges in time.
Cas picks up a colour pencil and shades in an ombré dress in light pinks and oranges. "I'll be in bed by 1."
What a load of shit.
An industrial equipment specialist that Dean, Castiel and Sam met in Palermo
At least five cars with FBI agents pouring out of them. So much for Roman's wish of good luck. "Fuck."
we won't be doing the fuck war anymore tomorrow right
i'm going!!!
He thinks, reaches for anything else to pray for. "Would you be angry with me if I stopped attending church for good? I will always be loyal to you, but I fear... Well, I fear a lot of things, actually. But I pray that it is within your understanding that some of your followers may be misguided in some aspects. But I am loyal to you still, and I do not need to be in a cathedral to love you." A moment passes before he sees Dean beginning to make his way back, so he mumbles a quick thank you and Amen before his hands fall away to his sides.
"All phones have been collected and switched off," Angeles informs him.
“Good evening,” a clear voice greets as she spreads the partitions of the tent to make her way to Ketch. “I came here straight from the airport.”
oh good ur awake
“What do you want me to say?” John asks. “I went to the SHU for a fight in the yard. That’s it. I’m not dealing or whatever you’re gonna accuse me of.”
"Unfortunately. We couldn't get enough money for the school fees, so I learned fashion myself," Castiel says, a sad smile on his face. "At least God blessed me with good enough luck that I worked at a boutique that the fashion director for Vogue at the time liked and she gave me the start I needed."
“Why’d they get fired?” Dean questions, frowning.
i came to the conclusion that belphegor is hellspawn.
"That makes no sense," Dean replies, walking off to the side of the road when he hears the roar of a sports car coming their way. It slows to a stop next to them and the cop car, and Vegas and London grin at him through their disguises. Vegas's dark and wavy hair is covered by a blonde wig that Rome thinks she bought for cheap from Party City and London's long brown hair is under a short black bob. He says to them, "Everything is handled here. Salem has signals jammed and we're about to head to the bank. You go ahead and make sure the kid is there. We need him."
In the end, Anael agrees to help, and then Dean flies to Spain to find Meg. Meg heard him out and agreed, saying that she owed him. Because she’s wanted in America after her identity was revealed during the first heist, Meg and Dean agreed that she would work on the outside. She helped him come up with a general plan — her advice had been this; make a plan but don’t make it detailed because you can’t anticipate anything that happens in prison.
i guess he wants to thank you for bringing my grades up
It's alright if it's too much hassle.
As tempting as it sounded, Dean knew killing Naomi will only bring them more agents and more problems that are frankly not worth the effort. Leaving her here and having to trust Crowley to really not rat anyone out will have to do. He shakes his head, saying, “I want to cash another favour in for a different thing.”
Does Michael help a lot?
cas will you marry me
Adam almost crumbles to his knees when he sees someone in a Dalí mask walk up to the window, phone held to his ear as he looks down at him. It might be Dean but he knows it could be Detroit -- Dean told him that Detroit could answer the cop phone too since their voices were the most similar with the modulator. Regardless, Adam felt so relieved but it doesn't last long when he recalls why they brought him out to stand in front of the Factory.
He'd been getting used to a life like this — since the Diamonds Factory, they still met up once a year to check up on one another, but nobody had any crazy schemes to propose anymore. Meg didn't find any more half-assed plans and Dean had nothing lying around. They'd even hosted Adam and Michael's wedding two years ago in a field in Italy; only the Dalís and Adam's mom were there. It was small, but they spent the whole day together, and Dean wished them a peaceful life together.
Dean Winchester, Castiel Novak, Charlie Bradbury, Jo Harvelle, Garth Fitzgerald, Crowley MacLeod, Meg Masters, Bela Talbot, Belphegor Kline
“We’re not doing this shit again,” Dean shuts her down accusingly. “Meg already did this guilt-trip crap before and you know what happened? I got shot, I got a heart attack and I died, so whatever it is you’re planning, I’m not gonna be a part of it. I’m not planning anything for you. Do it yourself. I’m not some fucking—just because I was the boss in the heists doesn’t mean I’m responsible for all of you once we get out. What happens to you outside is
jesus christ.
Locker 275:
Castiel stares at Dean like he’s trying to pick what words to say, and he finally spills out, “I don’t know how to deal with any of this. Doing what you love and getting your dues is one thing. Having this fucking spotlight on everything you do in your personal time is another. I hate feeling like anything I say or do will reduce my career to atoms.”
"Salem!" Dean calls out, running over. He bends down to shield her and Berlin fires at the cops to cover them. Dean raises his rifle and starts shooting, blindsided by Salem getting shot and how they unpredictably opened fire on them. Maybe he should have listened to Angeles when he was concerned about the cops being more violent with them but he was sure they were still unaware that Jack Kline was in the building.
Cas folds his arms and furrows his eyebrows. "Why would I overreact? What do you need to tell me?"
Hello.
" The tech experts signal to say they can't clear the voice modulation and Sam shakes his head in disappointment. The man continues, "
Dean tilts his head as a way of seeing their point — some of the Dalís wanted to leave a part of their past behind and the others wanted to go back to it. Dean knows his life before with Bobby, Ellen, Jo and Sam, it was good. If he was honest with himself, he preferred that peaceful life compared to the one he got himself with the heists.
GALAXY BRAIN IDEA.
At the Winchesters’ blank stares, Betty clarifies:
your point?
Inias regards him with hesitation. "I'd rather tell Castiel in private."
Gabriel Novak, Castiel Novak, Michael Shurley, Dean Winchester, Sam Winchester
"The fact that you said it out loud does make it very clear," Cas jokes but she knows his knees are probably going to give way any second now. She brings him to lean against her counter and kisses his forehead with a smile.
"What are you doing here?" Dean asks as Anael gets them out the other end of the audience and looking around to find a rendezvous point.
Right then, the phone rings and Sam demands silence from the tent before he sits down, inserting the earpiece into his ear and answering. "Hello, Kansas."
Michael listens as best as he can through the fog of his mind, and he mumbles, “I didn’t want him to wait for me.”
Castiel just laughs, standing and getting off the bed. "What if his name is uglier than Kansas?"
"I'm still here, aren't I? I'm good," Dean replies, sitting down next to Angeles and opening the medical box. He starts to unroll the bandages, slow and careful, and Angeles stays as still as he can manage. Once the bandages are off, Dean cleans up the dried blood on Angeles's skin and starts to wrap the fresh bandages around his body.
"Yeah, you are," Dean smiles, pressing a light kiss to Cas's lips and then another on his jaw. After kissing his neck twice and starting to tug at the silk shirt's top button, Cas laughs and leans away.
you gonna write poetry, winchester?
I love you, Castiel. I’m sorry it
When he and Castiel were getting ready to leave for London, Dean Winchester tells him, “Cas is trying to quit smoking and he’s been chewing gum to keep himself busy. Try stocking up on gum and keep an eye out. If he tries to get into alcohol, try your best. Help me look out for him.”
Lilith’s face splits into a wicked smile as she grabs his arm — while her hair has gotten straighter and her face is sharper, her smile is still the same amount of unsettling. “I kept wondering who CO Milligan is.”
Meg watches them leave the tent with an expression that remains indecipherable.
Disappointed, Sam, Dean and Jack look at each other with hopelessness -- their only lead has disappeared.
SAM and JACK walk into the main room of the bunker, looking around.
It’s like a hard-to-swallow pill -- Dean hasn’t admitted what happened that day to himself since it did. He struggles to talk.
"And?"
That means something, man.
ok i'm ordering the cake rn so it'll be ready on time
Knowing Crowley hates getting sentimental, Sam jokes, "
"No, it's -- It's complicated. I wish I could explain but I think it's better if we leave me anonymous," Detroit says. He takes a drink from his bottle and looks down at it, picking at the label with his nails. "I don't want to be in the way of this heist."
bring him back, right? I know
Cas doesn’t think he’s any good, but Dean thinks he’s amazing.
Maybe it's a joke in poor taste or tensions were high after Kansas's kind-of-power show, but then one of the hostages turns to them, raising their gun. Albeit fake, perhaps the hostage had forgotten it had no bullets, but he aimed it at them. "He could have killed me?"
Anael lies, “No, why?”
“Could be better, not gonna lie,” Dean says. “But it’ll be over soon so it can’t get any worse.”
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel says distractedly. “No, just waiting for the models to come back in the clothing and then we’ll be ready to start shooting. I’ll try to keep it short so I can make that dinner.” Castiel cranes his neck slightly to glance at Gadreel and his brow creases in confusion, “Why is Eden...”
"Alright, good luck with the meeting. Meg's all buzzed on coffee," Dean warns. Castiel waves to him without turning around, leaving his office. How Dean just
“Yes,” Cas nods, a small smile pulling at the edges of his mouth.
Dean into a bomb to kill Amara?
Kansas blatantly ignores their question and continues talking like Ketch never said anything, "
Cas stops himself from rolling his eyes and says, “Doesn’t matter. Look, you have Pax and I have my own issues.”
lol tru
Castiel challenges half-heartedly, letting Dean lead him out of the office. "I'm in Prada, Dean."
“You have a
Forgive me, I tend to be traditional when it comes to these things.
Cas smiles as Dean pulls out one of them — a leather envelope-themed mid-layer. It’s lightweight and has a papery feel to it, making the envelope part even better. Plus, the envelopes are actually working pockets, not that sewn up bullshit. Dean cannot describe the rage he feels when he finds a sexy pair of jeans to realise that the pockets are decorative and not for use. If there aren’t any pockets, don’t bother sewing the lines. “I know it’s not your style but I thought you would find it funny.”
i can’t stand you omg
Are all of these related to your damn
Sure, Dean.
I fought with Cas like a dumbass today. It’s like I got a stick up my ass or something, Jesus.
I know we haven't been dating for a long time, and we've only known each other for about 4 months, but damn if I don't want to trust him because I do. I know I do.
I think I have a crush on him.
praise satan.
I'm not stealing a notebook.
i miss you
Hannah stares speechlessly for a few moments before she pleads, "Castiel, please hear me out." When Castiel doesn't interrupt her, she continues. "Winchester is just using you for your fame and power."
mr gonna steal your boy
Well, I’m in the church right now. Gabriel and Michael came to pray and asked if I wanted to come along. It’s not mass, but a bunch of kids are singing. Part of the choir, I think. When Love Was Born by some guy. Hold on, let me get you the name.
gonna do now?
A shot of them all standing at the map table, Sam and Adam on opposite sides and Dean at the head of it. The three brothers.
Two robbers; one who's apparently Salem's girlfriend and one who's fresh out of jail. Both are skilled thieves and Dean just needs assistance. To get them in, they won't be able to do it quietly. There's SWAT at every entrance and snipers watch the skies. The next best thing after sneaking people in is to do it with as much attention as possible.
so will you come with us?? i'll pick you up in my sexy car
“Is everything good with us, sir?” Dean asks.
Adam frowns, stopping in the hallway. “What? Where are you going?”
"Detroit got shot," Cas answers, trying to find where Detroit has been hit. He almost throws up when he locates the entry point, dark crimson blood staining both of them. "In his lung."
“Protective pet, aren’t you?” Lucian teases. “Don’t you think you deserve to know what it’s about?” He takes a mock-up of the magazine issue and pushes it across the desk to Dean. “First article. Read.”
“That’s not an excuse,” Michael interrupts, his voice dark. “You will not say anything about the plan, because there isn’t one. Do you understand me? We’re giving you two choices. One, you walk out of here and tomorrow, you leave Dean alone. Two, you die in a laundry room.”
we should join a club together
Cassie says, "When I heard that Castiel got a P.A. and it was Dean Winchester... I can't say I was surprised that you made your way up so quickly. I know it's been a year since you got the job, but congratulations, Dean."
why didn't you call me?
"Nobody could have predicted Abaddon," Cas insists. "This heist is going to be even worse than the first one. Are you really ready for everything that will go wrong?"
i'm so fucking stupid bye
"Cas, no --"
I don't know how you can support this.
bi panic
"Mhmm."
"The man has you philosophising about perfection. You're
Dean knows his answer makes sense. Naomi chews her bottom lip in thought before finally nodding. "Will you do us a favour and go back in?"
then he continued going home but i really don't want to face him
why are you discussing my brother’s love life
Dean draws in a deep breath. “I know. I’ll do my best.”
"Anyone else?" Dean asks. When nobody else objects, he nods and says, "We'll be preparing for the next six months. If at any point you decide you no longer want to do this, you're free to go. I won't keep you here against your will." He turns to Meg. "Can we study here, or do you all want to go back to the house we were at before?" They all agree to just study at Meg's place and it was settled.
“How did it go?”
More importantly, it's also the day that Dean trashed the note with John's phone number on it. At 8 years and 1 day old, Dean promised not to hang the rest of his life on John, or any person who wouldn't give him the time of day.
he liked it he thought it was funny
Dean nods and then quickly says, once he remembers Cas can't see him over the phone, "Yeah, sure. Thanks, Cas."
“Where is that makeup team Gabriel sent?” Castiel interrupts.
TW/ Vague mentions of abuse.
," Cas teases.
No, this is the first reaper to
He’s adamant about staying out
anael please go to sleep
Castiel pauses halfway into the elevator. Dean halts abruptly, narrowly missing Castiel, and Castiel says, “Oh, and call Margot Robbie, check if she still wants me to style her for the Golden Globes. That’s all, thank you, Winchester.” The door slides shut in Dean’s face and he lets out a breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding.
The boy gives him a tight sarcastic smile. “Yes. I come here often too. Yes, it hurt when I fell from Heaven. No, you can’t rearrange the alphabet.”
him his grand finale. But I resisted.
i assume you have tiny hands.
"Nothing's wrong," Dean says automatically.
He opens the room doors one by one -- Dean and Cas’s rooms are empty, so he moves on to another hallway. He pulls out his phone and calls Dean, hoping it will speed things up.
"What was I supposed to do? Tell the president that we left his son in the hands of armed robbers?" Zachariah spluttered. Sam throws his hands up, turning away to simmer in his anger. Zachariah stares at Sam, thinking, and says, "I have an idea to turn the tide to our favour." When Sam looks at him, beckoning him to go on, he elaborates, "We pin something on one of the named robbers. Something they can't forgive. Cannibalism, selling drugs to minors, human trafficking."
the Empty. Total B, especially
The jewel expert chooses Detroit, Rowena goes with Coventry, Eileen settles for Palermo and Ash picks Nebraska, and they were ready to get started.
Naomi throws the pen holder at him and he ducks out of the office, laughing all the way to the elevator.
Adam is confused as he pats himself down, unsure if he’s really there and unsure of why Michael is not responding. However, he feels alone, and he gets a sinking feeling.
He walks up to Chuck and asks in a low voice, "Why Rome?"
“I wasn’t!” Dean replies impatiently, wrenching his arm out of his grip.
then it said it’ll come to get him
WHAT THE FUCK
Jess comes down the staircase right as John passes out and she walks over, cradling Sam's face in her hands. "You should get some sleep."
Morning, sunshine.
“Dean, wait,” John calls out. Dean walks to the front door and throws it open, holding one hand out to gesture out the door.
plays over the old radio and Anael breathes in deep, taking in the moment. Though the heist on the Bank of America isn’t for another few months, she knew moments like these wouldn’t last long. Since walking into this house and seeing all the people Kansas had selected for the mission — a masterful jewel enthusiast plagued with kleptomania, a bitterly sarcastic robber wanted in the UK, a British con-woman with a flair for the grand, an experienced armed thief with the personality of a ticking time bomb, two who were a miner and a robber respectively who simply wanted to go home, a hacker who is definitely too young to be there and a shoplifter who carries a box of expired bandaids around — she knew something would go wrong.
wings says you should go back to class.
Cas comes into work the next day in full Max Mara — a plain navy weave blazer with lined button fastening, ultramarine crepe de chine blouse underneath, and poplin trousers. It surprises Dean, mainly because Max Mara is a womenswear brand (with just four similar-looking sunglasses as their only menswear) and Cas has worn menswear for all the time Dean has known him.
"I can't, not Italian," Castiel answers, his tongue poking out of the corner of his mouth to get the sauce that stains his lip. Dean's eyes follow the movement but it goes unnoticed by Castiel. "Je parle Français."
No, I couldn't sleep.
It’s fair that you won’t treat me like
,” Dean corrects. “My Italian name.”
"I like Crowley's mom," Cas says offhandedly. "She reminds me a little bit of mine."
"I took care of Naomi," Meg says, nodding to affirm Castiel's question.
For you, I can.
Dean nods in agreement and says hesitantly, making a turn into another hallway, "You picked Los Angeles because someone called you Angel."
Quietly, Dean asks, “Where is he?”
Bobby.
Castiel pulls her back by her arm, barely rolling his eyes. "Bela, stop. It's fine, okay?"
the damage?
Michael suddenly smiles and his eyes glow bright blue, fading almost as fast as it starts.
Dean did have one last favour left but he had a feeling he’d need it for something. His intuition was rarely wrong. Panic about his first kill begins to seep into his nerves and he schools his face into something more neutral, forcing himself into the Kansas persona.
After Michael, Dean caught a flight to Paris and paid Anael a visit. He knew Charlie and a few other Dalís wouldn’t want anything to do with the new mission so he hadn’t bothered with asking. Though Anael had been the first to bolt for the second heist, Dean thought that with a position as a CO where she’ll basically play their eye-in-the-sky, the new Windom in a role of minimal danger, that perhaps she’ll change her tune.
pretty good actually
. I have too much to lose now — all of us have too much to give up just because you want a ‘get out of jail free’ card and drink whiskey until you blackout.” Crowley holds his breath, eyes darting over Dean’s face, and Dean continues, “If I find out you gave up someone’s name that wasn’t known before—if I find out you gave up any of my family’s names, and I
Crowley looks up thoughtfully, weighing options, and says, "Gold production has already started. I can have someone work on that door while the rest of us do gold... Or I can save some time and bomb the door. But won't it damage what's inside?"
Now come over here so I can kiss you.
Before Cas can say anything, Sam excitedly bounds into Dean's doorway then, saying, "Pizza's here, come on!"
brother. I get it. I’m sorry.
I convinced him that I will be fine on my own and so he has allowed me to go alone.
Michael nods in agreement and asks, “You did this to honour Bela, Benny and Balthazar, right?” At Dean’s nod, Michael says, “If it’s any consolation, you’ve hauled over 15,000 kilograms of gold paper and about 17,300 diamonds. I think your job here is done.”
“Then is it what the guy said?” Gabriel asked, patient.
"That means a negotiator is going to come. Hopefully Interior comes," Dean says, standing once he's sure Salem will be fine. He walks over to the governor's desk and picks up the phone, connecting him to Adam. "Windom, they're setting up camp."
Angeles frowns and reconsiders, peering into a room. "I think I believe in Him... I suppose I'm not sure how much He believes in us."
”I can’t work if my boss gets sick and I like working,” Dean counters, turning the heat up in their office.
"I could see that," Adam half-smiles in empathy. "Did John have other kids?"
Cas and I ran off today, just for a day, to get away from it all, pretend everything is fine.
(They're 17 and it's 2008, so this isn't a real marriage, just them being in love and in the moment)
Small heists, Dean can do. Dean
Dean's heart skips a beat then and everything seemed to go in slow motion, the way the bullet cuts through the air. Thankfully, it merely hits the vase next to Angeles because she hadn't had the chance to aim accurately, but the glass rains down on Angeles when it shatters. Angeles yells in pain when glass cuts him where the coveralls and mask aren't covering him, and Dean takes the butt of his rifle and slams it to the side of Abaddon's head with as much force as he can use.
“Nothing, just having a chat,” Cas says dismissively. “Did you do everything I asked you to?”
i hate it
thanks dean i’ll try that
Sam finally arrives, looking Dean all over and especially at his reopened bullet wound. "Dean, are you okay?"
yeah you bitch
,” Ruby says.
Crowley gives Dean an unreadable look -- Dean hates having any sort of talk like this with Crowley because the guy was simply unreadable. You won’t see much more than he’s willing to show you. Talking to him is almost like having a blind spot the whole time. He eventually says, “Just do it, Dean. It’s a lot less effort than what you’re doing.”
The First Man?
don’t care if the Shadow or
just the two of us
"Take a breath, Dean," Michael says. "In all my years of knowing Castiel, I know he doesn't fire employees if they have a good reason for their actions. He must know that you're torn up about John and what happened between you."
Thank you, Balthazar.
me off the bench, it’s ‘cause the
get used to it
A long time ago, like you. I'm fine, I was too young to remember them anyway, I suppose that that's a form of mercy.
"I'm not just gonna sit here, Vegas," Kansas says, and in the next second, there's footsteps approaching the office. Paris shuts and locks the door, standing next to it alongside Crowley.
“It was too painful,” John says, looking down at his hands like it doesn't just further agitate them. "I couldn't go back to the house Mary died in... I loved her."
“Meg Masters. Twenty-eight, dark hair, likes leather jackets a whole lot. And we have a Crowley MacLeod, a Brit with a love for black, thirty-three. Sound familiar to you?” Sam asks, his heart thudding loudly in his ears.
"How do you plan to let them let us go? The moment we get out, there's going to be an APB out on us," Crowley points out, rubbing his hands together in concern. "We won't even cross the border before we get caught."
At some point, Gabriel tugs at Castiel's sleeve, grinning, "Come on, play it with us, bro. You never let yourself have any fun."
Dean pushes all thoughts of Cas out of his head and gets his new Louboutin shoes and his coffee, just a few minutes before Cas usually comes in.
Dean raises an eyebrow. "What do you mean?"
of the building," Dean clarifies. "I need something and we didn’t bring enough."
“I won’t be alone,” Dean assures, trying to get Cas to agree with letting him go alone. “Look, I’ll ask Meg for help. She’s escaped prison before, she’ll know what to do. She’ll make a good plan. And I’ll ask Michael. He was in jail for a long time, he and I will be a team if he agrees.”
“Come on, you don’t miss me even a little bit?” Kansas asks, sitting back down. “Your commander.”
“No, you don’t.” Adam frowns, unconvinced. “I’ll come back here. Since I’m an employee, nobody will be hunting me down if I leave. You just stay here and wait for me.”
Gabriel smacks his knee as he laughs. “That was a good one. Who else could ever do that?”
“Nope.”
“I need about 10 jackets from Louis Vuitton. Can you ensure that we have the reservation at Bus Toque? Please ask Constantine for the article that L’Officiel wants to publish on Cassie, I need to vet it. Constantine is working in PR. And then ask Bela —“ Cas slowed down. He remedied a second later, “Confirm lunch with Kenzō Takada tomorrow.”
Thankfully, Adam could tell Michael was exhausted after the surgery and insisted on getting dinner at the diner near the hospital instead of going home to cook something together. Michael never knew how to say no to Adam and it's not like he has the energy to cook tonight anyway so he agrees. The diner, Three Guys, is open until 9 at night, so it's good that Michael was free by 7:30. Adam and he always waited for the other to be done for the day before eating dinner outside or going back to their apartment to cook together.
What other choice do we have?
I think you should tell Dean.
Dean Winchester, Castiel Novak
“But not the same part,” Dean points out, picking up a note written in Bela’s handwriting: ‘HIJACK A TRUCK -- FIND A WAY TO GET ONE ON THE ROAD’. He asks, raising the note, “This plan’s incomplete?”
John sighs. "You sound bothered."
“Dean,” he corrects. “And yeah. Mr Novak asked me to tell you that you’re coming for --“
Adam nods along to show that he’s listening, though he’s clearly concerned about this. “Are you guys on different shifts?”
anyone you’re hoping to see there?
was more loyal to you or God. We
Unbelievable. Can’t even save a
“I know. You must be the greatest man I’ve ever known,” Michael says. “But I guess I’m just worried about whether we can pull off the plan.”
Eileen says, tilting her head in contemplation, "We're leaving today."
“Dad,” Dean mutters, staring at the cards as John picks them up and begins shuffling. “What the hell did you do to end up here?”
"Hey! Stay with me," someone says, the first words able to be understood. "You
"A fucking mutiny?" Santiago's eyes widen.
love to give. Not to you, not to
dear god
i kind of had something to do...
Now, John has finally gotten fed up. "Was I wrong? Dean wouldn't be able to —"
"I think it's a red state."
how dare you
He’s gone.
Vegas and London get out of the sports car after parking it outside the Bank of America. It looks grander up close and neither woman can deny the buzz that the sight brings them. Vegas runs a hand over her coat, fingers faintly tracing the outline of her gun. Right then, a school bus pulls up outside and a bunch of teenagers disembark one by one until finally, the president's son tumbles out -- Jack Kline.
Dean says clumsily, "So I guess Bela and Meg are back on again, huh?"
Dean blinks absently at him before checking his phone. The lock screen is Castiel with a wide grin, a pink feather boa around his neck and decorative glasses in his hair, yet Dean's face crumpled with pain when he saw the photo. He mutters, "What do you know, it
The week draws to a close and they're off to Milan for their Fashion Week the next week, after spending London's one organizing commissions. Castiel works endlessly through the week, and he ends the week with just one dress left, made for Gemma Chan. He assures Dean that he can finish it with his spare time in Milan.
Jesse Turner doesn't answer any of his questions, just giving him a silent glare that is sure to haunt Sam's nightmares tonight. Ben Braeden and Channing Ngo are quiet in a different way; no anger in it, just disappointment, and it's somehow worse than Jesse's. Kevin Tran's answers are short and snippy. Kaia Nieves, Alex Jones and Patience Turner are polite but in the way that it's obviously just for show. Aidan flips him off and walks away before Sam can ask him anything. Josephine Barnes gives him a speech about how Jack is no more important than every other hostage in the bank. Krissy Chambers calls him a son of a bitch cop.
“Dinner at the Roadhouse, then I’ve got something cool planned, and a movie to end the night.”
“You do remember what I said before?” John asks.
god i feel that
Castiel liked him. Cas
Dean instinctively starts to reject, “Sir, you don’t have to —“
“Well, sorry, Castiel but as long as I’m working for you, you’re my problem,” Dean points out. “I will literally sleep in the office when you work late if you’re gonna try this again.”
"The thing about us getting an apartment after college," Dean shrugs. "It's pretty far, but we could do it, right?"
Once she gets past into the offices, she looks into each room one by one until she locates one with an old-generation phone. Before she can attempt to mess with it, she hears footsteps approaching and ducks into the bathroom, her fingers edging onto her gun's trigger in case she gets caught.
In the car ride to the restaurant — which isn't that far away from the NOVAK building, but Castiel took the car for privacy reasons — Dean shows Castiel the ending. Castiel mutters about how he has to show it to Gabriel the next time he sees him and Dean responds by writing it down in his planner which makes both of them laugh. Dean likes Castiel's laugh; it bubbles out of him and it is sunny, and Dean likes hearing it.
Dean's in a good position right now, as far as the plan goes. After talking it out with Cas the evening before, Dean had decided to throw all his energy and concern into getting himself, Gabriel and Crowley out either today or tomorrow and that everything else would be a problem for another day. His relationship with his brothers, the dues he has to pay, the tracks he will have to cover. He'll handle them at another time.
took down Chuck, that it’d feel
It's okay. I get it.
shut up you would do the same in my position
"If I didn't know any better, I'd say someone's trying to sell you out," Bela says and Castiel exhales, thinking about what to do. He could leave right now or he could try to get some answers out of her. As if the break up wasn't enough, now he may have a possible company battle. Bela leans forward to look at him before she shoos the makeup artists away to talk privately. "What do you plan to do?"
Michael pauses, pressing his lips together as he sighs. “I knew this couldn’t just be a social call… What is it now? Because I already promised Adam that I wouldn’t do anything reckless—”
“Tell her to call me at 8,” Castiel says, dumping his Armani coat on his chair. “Dinner with Tessa will run on, she doesn’t eat quickly and I like talking to her.”
Cas’s smile grows slightly and he nods.
Cas is different. Cas is good. Cas is like a breath of fresh air after walking through thick fog. Dean likes him a lot.
When it’s close to 7 and Inias leaves Cas’s office again —
should be enough for the Empty.
Dean raises an eyebrow. “Did you get it?”
Rufus nods. “Yep. Just me. Sometimes, an inmate will come help.” So Cas was right in assuming that, then.
and i splashed holy water on him
Dean sighs and sips at his coffee, wincing at how cold it had gone. He tries to avoid looking at the crucifix necklace around Michael's neck. He grips the cup tighter, trying to recollect himself before even attempting to talk. "John wanted to meet the person I was dating so I said I had to check with Cas because he might not have time. He didn't take it so well."
She peers out of the doorway to scape her surroundings -- about eleven Dalís there, one injured and a redhead caring for him. Meg Masters is arguing with a dark-haired man. Toni can recognise Crowley and Sam as well but the other faces are nameless to her. Uncaring of what they're bickering about but knowing a distraction when she sees one, Toni uses the commotion to creep past to the offices undetected. She's not MI6 for nothing; Toni is cautious as she avoids every camera she sees. They definitely have someone doing surveillance for them.
Angeles leans into his chair, smiling, "I never said I was going to answer if you did."
"It will," Dean swears. "This is what's going to happen
He mutters, "Jesus fucking
she had anything about the
In the hallway, Dean starts, "Meg, I'm sorry."
LMAO WE’RE GOING TO DETENTION
By 2:57 PM, Meg’s end is still silent and Dean can tell that Cas is getting impatient waiting for her answer. He pipes up from his desk, “I can call her.”
Dean Winchester, Sam Winchester
There was no reason to make him run back to Chuck. He was done.
" They shot a robber.
They only got two large ones of the safest kind of pizza -- cheese. Dean says, "I hope you're not allergic or this would be very embarrassing, but I can cook you something --"
time! This time, you will. You’re
yeah why
Dean? I’m here. I’m hurt. Can
Adam?
Cas blinks, smile freezing slightly since he got caught off-guard, but it eases up when he clarifies, “Tonight?”
, Anael thinks to herself. “Yep.”
Detroit prepares his rifle and turns to Cas, asking, "Who's going out?" They're about to claim the supplies from the police.
Balthazar turns on his bedroom light and beams at him, saying, "Vegas, London, Berlin, Salem and I were planning to sneak out to a festival down the street. We were wondering if you wanted to come along." Castiel smiles and sits up, adjusting his sleep shirt that hangs off his shoulder. Balthazar laughs at the sight, teasing, "I thought you'd wear a suit to bed."
"No," Dean says instantly. "Maybe." He pauses and snaps, acting offended. "Shut up!"
Somehow, it already feels like they’ve been friends for a while, not just the past ten minutes. Dean grins lopsidedly, “Hey, my friend Jo, she’s looking for a date.”
Dean Winchester, Sam Winchester
no. i'll bring water.
I'm not asking Him to let me in. He's going to come to ME.
Though it's been over 25 years since her death, Dean can't seem to move on or even begin with healing. The jacket, though made with love in a grand gesture of honouring her memory, now seems mocking in his closet. He wonders what John would think, what Mary would think. Most of all, he just wants to finally move on.
You better be.
Dean nods and turns away to leave the room, ready to give up on his hopes of Cas returning, and then:
, the name gets caught in Sam's throat. He never got closure with Dean. At least with Mary, he didn't even get to know her and moving on was easy, it was survivor's guilt from his birth that was hard. With Dean, he just disappeared and even though it took 20 years of disappearance to be legally declared dead, the police told Sam that they wouldn't keep their hopes up after a year.
"That makes no sense," Dean smiles, faintly remembering saying something like that at the start of the first heist. If memory served him right, Cas said he trusted Dean and that's why he thought something would go wrong, and Dean said it made no sense. It did make a little bit of sense now after everything had happened. Maybe he wasn't worried about Dean's plan, after all, and he was just concerned about if anything would come along to fuck with it.
Since Dean was taken off of his legal death since the police’s discovery that he’s actually alive during the last heist, Dean had gone by his Italian name instead for the mission, Dino De Luca. Granted, the only Italian words Dean knows is
It also means that he’s always searching for ways to produce his own diamonds. He knows how -- put a tiny fragment of a diamond in a microwave with varying amounts of carbon-heavy gas to create a synthetic diamond.
“I can’t believe I’m here,” Dean whispers.
Sam raises an eyebrow at “my idiot”, but NODS slowly.
The batter SIZZLES in the pan and Dean FLIPS a pancake. As it lands back in the pan, Sam walks in, smiling slightly.
Sam went out with Cas today. For a movie and dinner, according to Cas, just them. I stayed at the Roadhouse with Jo and Ellen. Sam didn’t talk about it much after he came back and met me at the Roadhouse. He just said he was gonna miss Cas. I told him Cas wasn’t going to die.
texxxting
We don’t have time, Sam! One of
Of course.
Dean calls Cas when Sam offers to clean up.
Kevin laughs, shaking his head, “That’s the life of a fashion titan’s personal assistant. Well, if you need any help, my office is down four levels from here.”
Empty instead.
Look, you always came through
He checks, "You won't solve anyone's problems?"
omg can we get like a little candy snail on the cake
," Dean says dramatically. Cas does the vogue pose from the popular music video and Dean laughs, shaking his head. "I need to find something ridiculous to wear."
"Hello, Dean," Cas greets in that way of his, gravelly yet fond. "Did you need anything?"
He helps Castiel up and they manage to find their way to Café des Marronniers. One of the baristas offers them a towel, having recognized Castiel since they admire his work in fashion, and she doesn't ask why Castiel is drenched. She brews coffee to warm them up.
Anael glances at Michael and looks him over. “He could take her on.”
“Of course,” London says, turning around and leaning against the vanity to look at Anael. “Are you getting cold feet now?”
call you later, charlie and i need to go
Not that that’s a big thing but I think it’s really cute.
“Lilith wouldn’t let me send him to the SHU,” Anael informs. “The CO that Alastair’s doing business with is her.”
“That’s true,” Anna admits just as Anael catches something on the cameras. She leans closer to get a better look.
Finally, Cas says, “Maybe we don’t need a plan.”
i hate y'all
Castiel considers the question, still sewing finishing touches to a dress, "Four years ago, Crowley bet me that I couldn't drink as much as him and I was stupid enough to take him up on it. I got so drunk that I threw up all over my Alexander Wang — in front of Alexander Wang."
“Then why would you —“ Dean cuts himself off and stares at Castiel who just looks at the water, shivering slightly in the cold. The revelation hits him like a bullet train. “Sir, if this is too much, we can skip the rest of Paris and go back to New York. I can just tell Gabe to go on without us.”
ROWENA
Cas smiles half-heartedly, "I did. I barely remember it, though. I was really young."
demon clique
Dean frowns, "So?"
“Not Winchester?”
enough times.
He listens to Dean’s advice and keeps chewing gum on hand for when Castiel burns through his supply on particularly bad days and keeps the alcohol out of sight. Even he abstains from drinking as long as Castiel is there.
anyway i wanted to ask about the cohort trip to barcelona
Dad refused to give me dinner yesterday because I didn't come home before 6 (I was distracted texting Cas and missed the bus) so Crowley got me to sneak out my window and took me out to eat with his mom. I love Rowena, man. She's awesome. And Dad's dinner sounded like crap anyway, he just heated up leftover pizza from last night. Leftovers are good, don't get me wrong, but it could be better...
Dean ponders it over, and says, "No."
Dean Winchester, Castiel Novak
[AW2015, look 11]
Dean realises it then. “You were gonna sell us out anyway.”
"She was going to kill my brother, the nurse," Dean explains. "If that happened, his husband will kill me, my husband
"Hey, it is," Adam says, surprised to see him in Lenox Hill so late in the day. He pats Michael's chest once to beckon him and asks, "Can you go talk to him? I need to tell the server where we'll be sitting."
oh so cas can use the lord's name in vain but i can't!
you literally drew him and wrote that he looked cute do you expect me to believe you
took Cas in the first place?
Good progress.
Angeles relents and sticks a gun in front of two of the cops, ordering them to get back into the cop car. Dean takes the remaining two in the cop car at the front of the truck and pulls out his own gun at the cop in the driver's seat, "Drive."
Dean’s answer hasn’t changed — it’s still a fat no.
Expectedly, Charlie comes to work donning a pride-themed Levi's trucker jacket over a lesbian flag-striped tee. She has on regular shorts and a pair of Converse's pride sneakers. She greets Dean with a hug and a kiss on both his cheeks. "I don't even care if I look awful today. I'm way too excited."
Dean managed to get Cas out for a last-minute date on the weekend, just a movie date and then just walking around until they get bored. It sounds like nothing but Dean enjoyed every chance he got to spend time with Cas so it was all good to him.
"And then you'll get down on one knee."
Cas purses his lips together. "If you need to send someone out, I'll go."
If my father kills me, Adam will
"You obviously love him so I don't see why you did," Rowena says, uncomprehending.
"Yeah." Castiel's throat is dry. "Dean, can you go ahead? I'll catch up with you, just give me a minute."
Sam raises his hands and then lowers them back onto the counter as if saying ‘the jig is up’. “Well, yeah. Cas and I talk a lot.”
“Well, whatever it is, please don’t wear your flannel shirts,” Sam says, shit-eating grin on his face.
, Dean thinks to himself, though he plays the fool and says he'll change. The two leave the ambulance to give him privacy to switch out of his clothes. Once the doors shut, he starts looking all over the coveralls and the mask to find the bug. He almost thinks that somehow, maybe they'd unwittingly let the opportunity to bug them slip through their fingers until he sees it -- a tiny microphone sewn between the fabric of the left zipper.
The heist was going smoothly. Abaddon and the four other security guards are tied up in another room, where Dallas can keep an eye on them. If everything stays on track, today will be productive: work on the escape route, the false escape route, gold melting and money printing will begin. The machinery for the gold will probably take two hours to construct since they are professionals. Fifty-two ingots, four hundred kilograms out of a grand total of ninety thousand, melted per hour, and then sixteen million dollars per hour with London...
thing that’s happened in the past
Cas rolls his eyes, settling in close to Dean. “I do. Call it past experiences kicking in. This one time, there was a job assignment that paid a dollar an hour. I believe it had something to do with construction. So many inmates tried to get it, including me.”
In about ten minutes. Will you be ready then?
Dean gives him a thumbs up and says, "Alright, I'll come back in a bit." Castiel gets seated in the closest bench to him, a completely empty row with an old man in the bench in front of him. He clasps his hands together and leans his elbows on the back of the bench in front. He looks up at the mural, looks ahead where Dean is speaking to a woman, hands moving animatedly as he talks.
“Stop it,” Michael mutters. Changing the subject, he asks, “When do you think we’re leaving the Factory?”
who the fuck asked you
and killed Death, I mean, you
“So that’s why you picked Detroit,” Dean realises.
she's going as my linguini
Nervous, Dean tries to reroute the conversation. "Why do you call him Cassandra?"
Meg hisses, "Davies, now is not the—"
All-caring God.
"Aside from relentless paparazzi, I'd say we're doing just fine," Cas smiles. "The Fashion Week pieces are almost ready for the runways."
pick a number between 1 and 10
When Cas enters the office for the first time that day, he’s dressed in full Fendi wear; A slim-fit gabardine blazer with asymmetric collars and flap pockets. Half of it is black and the other half is brown cavalry twill. He wears a white patterned silk shirt underneath and matching brown pants. Dean himself is in Vivienne Westwood. He bought more, just because Cas likes it when he wears Westwood. This has got to be a new level of whipped for Dean, he’s expanding his closet for the guy. Not that he wouldn’t do it anyway, but buying a brand specifically for him.
"No, we have to stay in the building." Meg picks up a note from the table and holds it up in front of him, a small blue square with writing in thick black marker. It reads: ‘GOLD RESERVES THERE -- Can’t melt into grains like Kansas, find another way’. "There's gold. 70,000 kilograms of it."
my dad doesn't think i do anything lol
“I doubt it,” Dean mumbles through his mouthful of ramen. “I swear, she’s like a demon.”
things will be better in the morning, get some sleep
i see why dean loves you
As Cas takes a step back, looking painfully awkward, Dean tries to call him back, "Cas, wait."
"Vegas, I'd rather die here with my family than in a prison," Angeles says, his voice weak but audible through the door. "Kansas knows me well enough."
"An MI6 agent in the building," Dean answers. "All the hostages are wearing the same jumpsuit and mask as the robbers, I think that maybe she thought I was someone else. I was asked by one of them, Lebanon, to wear my mask for most of my time there." The thing about lying to the police is that you need to give them some truths and then lie the rest of your way.
Now, Adam sits at the small desk, wrists bruised purple and dull red from the handcuffs. He looks tired, dark rings under his eyes after going through a whole day without a second of sleep. He's black and blue from the hits and there's a trail of dried blood on his chin. Mick knows Ketch and Naomi are going too far.
"Nothing!" Cas says, faking an offended look. "If there's something, Sam will tell you."
Adam falls silent and looks out of the window before straightening up. “I see him.”
“I bargained with her for a long time and we came to a compromise. Naomi only really wants the head honcho, the mastermind,” Meg clarifies. “The rest of us can go as long as we don’t do any more crime.”
He passes by the arrival hall and sees paparazzi so he slows and squints, trying to make out who it is.
Michael?
come on i'm sure it'll be fine, right? you've gone on this long with it
“Dean?”
Cas looks back up at him, cocking his head. "What?"
but i'll stop
Not to him.
He looks up at the sky, his face withering into bitterness.
Dean flinches despite himself and Paris says, looking unsure, "Vegas, I think you should stop."
“I’m here, I’m here!” Duma announces, bursting through the doors with a rack of the collection pieces. “I’m so sorry, Mr Novak.”
demon clique
Cas turns; Dean is gone. “What the hell are you doing? Where are you hiding?” He suddenly feels hands rest on his shoulders and he twists around, eyes wide, to be greeted by the Dalí mask. “Why are you wearing that?”
"We're not," Dean assures. Meg and Crowley, though trying not to outwardly show it, look like death is trying to shake their hands. "Look, they probably found Vegas through a phone. Find the phone. Just because they know who you are doesn't mean you can't get off free. I promised I'd get all of you out."
“He’ll be busy,” Cas cuts in.
Adam finally speaks up to ask, "Is he hiring Sam or someone else?"
ain’t clarence a beauty
Probability is why Meg played Russian Roulette on Dean. Probability is how none of them expected Abaddon to kill Balthazar and Bela. Probability is the foundation for success and failure built on a basis of familiarity.
Roadhouse was great, Ellen said the meal was on her. I think Jo took a photo of us but I don't care. Cas's dad was in the cinema we were in so I took him to watch the sunset at the park instead. He
They spend the rest of the day joking around and unpacking until they were done, then Sam called for pizza to be delivered and they ate it while some foreign movie played at 3 in the morning.
"Yeah, they're already in there. I just came out here to see Charlie before I lose her in a crowd," Dean says. "My other brother and his boyfriend are here too, Cas gave me the green light to invite them."
The First Man. Adam and Eve?
know who you trust and who you don't?
Castiel draws in a deep breath, looking around apprehensively as if someone will overhear. Most of the office had already emptied out because of how late it is, which leaves just Dean and Castiel, at least on their floor. He runs his hands over one another, clearly nervous, and falters, “Okay. I’m... It said — Gay. I’m gay.” Dean nods slowly and Castiel adds, “If it makes you uncomfortable, you may quit. I won’t argue.”
Castiel inhales sharply and starts again, “I dropped out because we couldn’t afford it. I worked at Red Boutique after that and the manager sold my designs at the shop. Vogue’s creative director at the time liked my designs and insisted that Vogue run a piece on my collection. My career took off then.”
Castiel answers, opening the door to his right, “Just New York and probably Paris. I might catch the tail end of Milan if clients for the Academy Awards don’t run long. We’ll be working on those outfits even while at the Fashion Weeks. Make sure Meg, Balthazar, and Pamela get me those design sketches by 2 tomorrow for review.”
He stepped in to handle the phones' connections in Jess and Adam's absences. He'll do what Jess did when she was around, bringing the phones on a walk around the city while the call happened so they can't pinpoint the phone's location. He won't be doing surveillance for them but Cas liked it this way. He was already doing more than enough for them with the phones and Rowena wasn't eager to put him in the line of danger.
Dean freezes. "What did he do?"
He opens his eyes and the first star of the night blinks from above him.
“Yeah, I’ll be there,” Dean answers. “Why, is there like an orientation or something? This is my first real job in this industry.”
cas's dm really beat the shit out of me
snails aren’t exactly pet #1
after everything you did?
I want to eat them though.
," Dean says firmly. "I'm still here, Angel. Alright? I'm here with you, I'm
yeah dj got y’all falling in love <3
don't you mean american
ROWENA
"If you want to kill me," Abaddon spat. "Then do it, bastard."
“A while,” Dean answers sheepishly. “So you and Adam, huh? Cas filled me in on what happened while I was gone.”
A man stands there in a white coat, looking over some documents. He looks up as the door clicks when Cas opens it and greets him with a warm smile once he sees the outfit. “Hey there. You must be the new chaplain. The old one got let go for smuggling in drugs.”
"Okay, maybe I wasn't clear," Meg says good-naturedly. She takes her revolver out of the holster on her thigh, ejecting the cylinder. She pours the bullets out into her hand, leaving only one behind. She uses one finger to flick it, letting it spin for a few seconds before she snaps it back into the frame. Smiling sadistically, Meg bends slightly and tucks the barrel of her revolver under Dean's jaw with her finger resting over the trigger. "Let's try this again. I want to get the hell out of this bank."
Dean sighs, exasperated, and says, "Yeah, but the whole world saw her almost kill a ‘civilian’ and they just found out three of us got shot, two of which were public. We’re
The plane lands with no hitches and then it’s instantly off to get picked up by the taxi that will apparently take them to Bradley Cooper’s hotel so Castiel can style him for that night’s award show. Dean asks, “Wait, I’m gonna see him with you?”
power-up to kill God, so --
Kansas is a fairy tale. Dean Winchester is just a man.
“THE NIGHT WE MET” by LORD HURON
your own knife.
The brothers are apprehensive.
nurse moseley's office. i'm with him right now.
Just look at my paper if you need to.
VIOLET
Meg's gaze is uncomprehending, unable to understand why Angeles would give her such a decision, and Angeles takes advantage of the uncertainty to continue, "I'm disposable. Kansas... If you shoot him, blow his brains out on the ceiling, we'll be stuck here. He's the only one who truly knows every inch of this plan, the contingency plans if more things go wrong. He dies, we're all dead." Meg begins to lower the revolver. "I'm fine, alright? Don't worry about me."
Growing up, Dean was never regarded as the smart Winchester with Sam around. Sam scored straight As in school, and Dean buried his report cards in Bobby's salvage yard. His attention span simply refused to last whenever a teacher opens their mouth, and he winged all his tests (which got him grades ranging from Ds to Fs).
I admit that I’ve made mistakes.
Dean lets the (frankly cheesy) ringtone play in front of all the hostages in the main hall, the song echoing through the spacious room. He paces slowly, holding the phone a little higher than his head. "Sound familiar?" The ringtone cuts off and then starts again. "Whose phone is this? Sure as hell ain't Zeddmore's."
But you know how Dad is. One mess up and you get the boot.
He'd kept the news on since the cameras cut out and when the shootout was broadcasted, his heart seized in his chest. He'd waited all night for more information but the public had been left in the dark. Until this afternoon, when a reporter and cameraman were requested for an interview.
We can’t go to the Empty and it
It leaves a bitter taste in his mouth that will never go away.
Castiel is still a messy eater, but he wipes when he feels sauce on his chin and Dean thinks he just doesn't want a repeat of McDonald's. Dean understands, and he just keeps quiet about it, keeps to himself while he eats his expensive meal. He asks, "Why'd you invite me to dinner anyway?"
Crowbar in hand, Dean approaches the office door and looks in. His heart instantly drops when he sees Lilith pull Adam into a chokehold. Military training kicks in and Lilith moves quick, reacting to Adam hitting her with his elbow by cutting him with her scalpel.
come on believe me you're a great boyfriend
"Adam?" Sam echoes, confused as he shifts out of the way while Crowley hastily gets the IV drip ready and Rowena scrambles to locate the adrenaline in case Michael's heart decides to give out. With a broken arm granted by Bevell, Sam, unfortunately, can't be of more help.
better start running then i’m sure as hell not giving you a head start
Castiel stared at him. Gabriel sighed and put down his plastic cutlery — pink with glitter where they held the utensils, given because of the Barbie cake.
no :/ not his thing apparently
Snail dude:
Lucifer is now at the map table. Sam looks at him, angry.
kill it.
Bela instantly narrows her eyes. "You've been crying."
After the hostages escaped, Zachariah roped them into an interrogation about the Dalís despite Sam requesting that they give them more time to recover. So far, they have more information than Sam had gotten before:
She grabs a post-it and clicks the pen in her pocket, scribbling as she reads out, “One no-foam skimmed latte with an extra shot and three drip coffees with room for milk. Make it super hot.” She puts the pen down and passes it to Dean, “It’s your first day so maybe he’ll cut you slack, but maybe it’ll help make a good first impression. Just don’t get the order wrong because he’s twice as grumpy in the morning. You should go now if you wanna make it back before Mr Novak does.”
I’ll bring the souls. Run along
first of all that is not what we’re going to encourage
Winchesters
Don't make me regret sending you for the trip and not Sam. Learn something for once.
Michael says, “If I find out that you reported Dean or Adam, or any of us, to Bartholomew or Roman, I won’t be so kind.”
"His coffee order is insane," Sam mumbles, following Dean into the NOVAK lobby with Eileen by his side. "Seriously, who needs a coffee order that specific?"
So Dean did what he always did when he fucked up; the same thing he did when he snapped at Cas on his first day of work — call Sam and hope he can solve it. Sam had a more level head if the matter doesn’t relate to him and with him staying at Cas’s place, maybe he could help. Hopefully, he hadn’t gone back to Cas’s apartment yet. Dean calls Sam and holds the phone up to his ear, choosing to sit in the hallway instead of the office. He thought it’d just suck to see anything of Cas’s right now.
"A lot has happened," Castiel says, taking a seat on the couch in Kelly's office. Quiet babbling from behind Kelly's desk makes Castiel frown in confusion.
“We’ve got the transport for the escape handled,” Meg says. “Pretty likely that you’ll see Jo and Ash pick you up in the food truck that day, so keep a lookout for the drivers.”
are you taking us out for dinner tonight?
“No.” Cas sniffs. “Yes. Are you?”
WHAT THE FUCK
Find me as many souls as you
angry at Dean, but I can’t say he
sammy you know you can trust me with this
when'll you get here?
maybe it’ll be enough to take
Jack’s eyes glow orange and he grabs Chuck’s face, absorbing his power. Sam, Dean and Michael watch in awe as Jack glows, dropping Chuck to the ground when he’s done. Jack SNAPS his fingers -- Dean, Sam and Michael are healed. Chuck watches them from his place on the ground, confused and dazed.
"Cas, you okay?" Dean asks. Castiel nods weakly, his heavy breath audible even with the distance between them.
Sam comes back a few minutes later to Dean and Cas, his statement sounding more like a question, “That Gadreel guy just asked me out.”
Now that he’s started, Dean cannot stop.
"No more, okay? I'm gonna get the rest of us out," Dean promises. This time, he knows he can't fail. "I have a plan. We'll be leaving tomorrow."
Cas turns away from the altar to give her a smile. “Hello, Anael.”
, in fact; no point in letting Cas’s extraordinary gift with jewel theft get rusty, not after he’d spent so much time perfecting it. He and Cas manage to get away every time -- with Cas’s expertise in the area, he’d come up with the ability to break in, grab what he wanted and get out, all under ninety seconds. He had a strict timetable he stuck to each time, only tweaking it slightly based on each store, and he cases his target across two weeks pretending to be shopping for a ring for his partner. Once he got all the information he needed, he’ll adjust the plan accordingly and get to work.
"This is so unfair. I want my body back," Sam complains.
“Okay, Castiel,” Dean replies. "What the hell did you do that for? What were you gonna do? What do you think Gabe's gonna do? He'll bring you back to life and kill you if he heard you did that."
you tell me if you ever need anything okay? anything at all. i'll drop everything and come help you out
I don’t understand why. I mean,
. "He just got a job at Lenox Hill Hospital."
Give me a minute. We can cut class.
"Who shot Dean?" Dean can't tell whose voice that is but at the back of his mind, there is a moment of mockery when his brain tells him
Cas lives around 35th Avenue in a two-bedroom apartment. Obviously not as cheap as other apartments, and it's way more spacious than Dean's. It's immaculate, which is predictable enough for someone like Cas. The colour palette is mostly monochrome with white, grey, and black. There are little traces of Cas in what's obviously an architect-designed home, like his books, racks of clothes, unfinished personal pieces, pieces from work, and pieces that aren't from his own label. It's a nice home. Dean liked keeping his place clean — John's never been a stickler for cleaning and ever since Mary's death, he didn't even try. Bobby, Ellen, and Jo are better than John in that department, but they're also not the neatest people around. Dean thinks it offers a sense of stability like a home is neat because he'll be staying there longer and therefore has to put in the effort.
Meg sneers, "Not all of us have our faces on national television."
“Oh, I’m sorry. Does Baby need his sleep?” Meg asks and Dean can practically hear her roll her eyes. “Get moving.” She hangs up before Dean can even mutter his half-hearted 'okay, okay', which just makes him grumble under his breath. When Castiel told him he could come in late today, he knew it was too good to be true. His job hours are whenever Castiel is awake and the man barely sleeps.
SAM (V.O.)
Sam sits at the table and Dean splits the pancakes between two plates. Bringing them to the table, he pushes one to Sam and puts one down in front of himself.
Cas continues talking, "It's no problem. We could even come up with a code for it if you don't feel like you can talk about this in text. Or you can just invite me over, or have me come up with an excuse to visit you. I doubt he would do anything to you with a witness around. I'll do anything you need me to, just ask me and I will."
do you wanna meet now
“Morning,” Anael returns. “Was he quiet on the ride over?”
By the time morning comes, they’d bounced idea after idea between each other and ended up with just as much of a plan as when they started — barely anything.
What?
The words ring familiar in Dean’s ears -- reminding him of Cas’s “ever since I met you, you’ve changed me.” Dean tries to keep his face neutral.
She locates John’s name and marks him down, saying, “Alright, you’re going back to C block, cell 262.” At least his cell isn’t that close to Dean and Gabriel’s. It should make it a little easier to keep them separate. She gestures to him to follow her and she walks him to his cell where his cellmate isn’t there. On the sheet, it’d said he was with someone called Virgil.
Remember when you turned
"A kit, equipment.
"I came back," Dean says, turning to Cas to finally get a proper hug.
Cas pipes up, "Well, actually, Brand Identity and Workwear Express make very nice aprons that are actually practical —"
that.
So that's how Mick ends up at the payphone waiting for the firewalls to get through again. It wasn't just for Adam's sake; Mick was beginning to get too troubled about the way Naomi and Ketch were handling it. They are supposed to be negotiators, not a hitman squad. After the firewalls pass, he hears the woman tell him she'll transfer him to the Dalís where someone picks up. Mick asks, "Who is this?"
gone. But I keep losing him,
"I want to tell you something. I don't know why I get so nervous about it, I know you'll be fine with it, supportive even, but I..." Cas rubs his hands uncomfortably on his thighs. "But I think I'm ready to tell you."
“I have a business proposal for you,” Alastair says. His voice is like an embodiment of a snake, and it sends chills down Michael’s spine. “I need you to bring something in for me.”
some fool left theirs here so...
to tell me to go easy on you."
"I'm telling you, Wizard of Oz would be funny," Dean says into his phone, looking over Cas's schedule again and comparing it to his notes to make sure he didn't miss anything out. Charlie had called him for help for a date with Dorothy, unable to decide what movie to watch while they have dinner that she'll be making for the both of them. It was a bit of a sting in his chest to plan a date with Charlie so soon after breaking up with a guy Dean was certain he'd end up marrying someday, but she didn't know so it's not like he could tell her not to ask him. The most he could do is be a good friend for her and plan the damn date.
“It’s not like I can’t watch it another time. I’ve got something else better anyway,” Dean replies. “Let’s go before your dad sees us.” Cas rolls his eyes and the two boys make their silent leave from the theatre. Thank God Dean got them aisle seats, neither of them were jazzed about the idea of blocking people’s view of the movie.
Cas stifles a laugh and recomposes himself into a straight face, continuing the joke. "I'm sorry, Dean! But he does something to me!" When Cas pretends to hide a boner, Dean breaks and laughs, leaning back. Cas grins at him and Dean tries to stop laughing, tipping forward on his hands to be closer to Cas.
TW/ Drowning (around the part where Castiel and Dean are calling for the car to go back to the hotel after the Paris runway)
“Listen, I know we had a disagreement but I like working for you at the end of the day,” Dean says. “You check with me in case I’m still not used to the company program, you’re nice with your employees when you aren’t being tense as shit with your schedule.” Castiel is still shifting his weight uncomfortably, so Dean offers, “And hey if it makes you feel any better, I’m bi.”
Cas grins into the kiss. "What ring?"
He can practically hear Sam smiling. "Well, I'm coming back. You better guard your job before I steal your boss and your man."
of course i didn’t
While she types, she asks, “Any reason why you want dirt on a powerful fashion magazine director and designer?”
Michael prided himself on being a very careful man. That said, he'd planned this heist with a few other people down to the minute and that should have been it. They should've taken their money and left. One of the other robbers had a plane waiting to take them from Northern Ireland to wherever they wanted to go. He should've gotten his cut of the £26.5M and went back to Detroit and his boyfriend.
gonna die, Dean.
ain't he adorable
” Dean curses loudly, kicking the wall in frustration before turning abruptly back to Crowley, grabbing his collar and pulling him close, their faces inches apart. Dangerously, Dean warns, “MacLeod, I’ll only tell you this
is this funny to you
"If you want him, go get him," Eileen encourages. If Dean hadn't been so hateful of the idea of one step forward, two steps back, he might have thought it would be that easy too.
Dean sinks into the chair next to the makeshift bed they've made of the couch from the office. Angeles's shoulder is bandaged, the reddening gauze clear under the thin layers. They'll have to change it in a few hours but Dean's heart feels at ease seeing him fine and alive in front of him.
She smiles at him, wide and sweet, and Dean understands why Charlie thinks she’s beautiful. She replies, “I do. What do you need help with?”
Castiel takes a breath and lets the words come tumbling out of his lips before he can think about it. "I'm gay." The more times he came out to people, the easier the words became. It's almost like muscle memory, in some way.
This will be Dean's masterpiece, done in honour of Bobby, done to ensure Sam will have a good future. The heist on the Bank of America.
Dunbar Armoured Robbery
Sam nods, still unsure about their move, and says, "Listen, I'll be back in a couple of hours. I need to run an errand." Zachariah waves him off and Sam hails a taxi to go back to the rented apartment and check with Adam on why Meg is really there.
Novak squared, Shurley. N2S.
ANGEL
I can talk to Dad for you, Gabriel.
you, he and Dean aren’t cosy, you
I will tell you but will you give me time?
“I want to kiss you but there are cameras,” Cas says, though the way he’s looking at Dean is enough to cheer him up from the earlier argument with Crowley. “Have you thought of something?”
Cas gazes at him thoughtfully. "I just want him to be alright. His alikeness to you today is concerning."
difficult to realise that the two
Both Dean and Adam's eyebrows rise in surprise, staring at Michael. Adam says, mesmerized, "You got him to apologise. That shit is
They talk about Star Wars, about funny things that happened earlier today that Cas missed -- Crowley's reaction after finally seeing Meg's dog -- until they have ten minutes left and have to go. Sam helps them take a photo -- Dean points finger guns at the camera and Cas simply smiles. Sam hugs Cas, promises to send him the photo, wishes him good luck, and leaves first.
"I think we could be good if you gave me a chance," Hannah says.
DEAN (O.S.)
“I think I’ll go with the lace, I trust your judgement,” Eileen decides, taking the sample square to stroke the silk. Sam smiles to show that he’s listening as he scrolls through his phone waiting for his turn to discuss his wedding suit.
Castiel shuts the door behind him, Meg and Sam already standing around the room. He'd decided to interrogate Bevell himself -- well, less interrogate and more scare her into her eventual murder. He's been high-strung since Dean got shot, even after finding out he was alright but having her here alive even after two almost-successful attempts on his life is seriously getting under Cas's skin.
Out in the yard, the sun isn’t so bright now that it’s closer to evening, so Dean has a jacket on over his prison uniform. Gabriel ties the sleeves of his jacket around his waist and has a toothpick between his lips.
The cop cars and truck roll into the basement of the bank where most of the industrial equipment and storage was. It's huge, lined with crates and machinery. It's not where they print the money or where they have the gold bars stored, but it's magnificent nonetheless because it means they're in the Bank of America.
Dean, Cas and Meg walk into the office and Dean shuts the door behind, feeling a surge of rage just looking at her, though it was alleviated by the sight of how damaged she looked. Obviously, the grenade didn't hit her or she'd be dead, even with her protective gear. It blew up near her, injuring her enough for them to apprehend her.
Dean barely comes up for air before going in to kiss him again, taking every second that the heist will spare him in the hopes that there will be more time tomorrow.
find the missing God book and
Betty walks into the room where the book is. Sam and Dean are about to follow her in when she turns to stop them.
it ended up being in the grand scheme of things. A slow ripple of relief spreads throughout his body as he melts into Gabriel’s embrace.
TW / Mention of death at 11:36 AM section
Cas cracks a smile. "I'd love to."
"And Kansas is already asleep so you're here," Balthazar says flatly, sitting up in his bed to see Angeles. He's dressed in a loose T-shirt of some American cartoon and polka-dotted shorts. A fashion disaster, but acceptable since nobody will be exposed to the horror of his nightwear. He sighs at Angeles's innocent expression and lifts up one side of his duvet, "Come on."
The only brother I want to be is Castiel's.
"No," Castiel says softly. "No, you're not."
I DID
I heard about your big fight.
“Please don’t make me choose between you and my life,” Cas starts saying.
They watch episode after episode, eating some instant ramen that Dean whipped up in the kitchen until they get tired enough to go to bed. At least, Dean thought they were going to bed, but then Cas leaves the bedroom to get on his emails and he starts sketching for the Spring/Summer collection for next year. It's bewildering, to say the least, but Cas says that watching
help ???
“Of course,” Dean sighs. “What if I cash in a favour to extend his solitary stay?”
Toni knows Abaddon Knight got lucky by escaping her cuffs while all the Dalís were busy and she could hide among the disorder. She's more than certain that nobody was checking security tapes then and that's how she could remain undetected for so long. She ended up killing two of them. Toni was determined to kill all eleven Dalís she could see. There is no way of ensuring they won't do this again, even if she takes out their leader Kansas, so eliminating all of them one by one will be best. She has already been given the green light to kill them.
"Fine. But this is a shitty idea. You better not do some weird shit."
Insufferable.
“Sorry I brought it up, it’s not the same thing. I’m sorry,” Dean starts.
Are you okay?
Who’s gonna be the bomb?
Dean stares at him warily. "Who's that? What'd you pay him for?"
“Not much of a talker, ain’t ya,” Gabriel mutters.
Dean smiles wryly. “It’s a harder heist. I have to be more prepared. So Ash and Jo will set up the shortwave radio when we’re at the Factory. All of us will each have a walkie-talkie and Kevlar vest on. In fact, all the hostages will have a vest. In case there’s another Abaddon.”
"Hello, Adam. Remember me?" Ketch asks, unable to stop himself from smiling. It's the first time the police has gotten a step over the Dalís.
"Yeah, we will. I keep my word," Dean nods, sure, and turns to the camera in the office to "look" at Adam. He orders, "Release the call, but put in what Zachariah said too. Let the public know they barely hesitated to pick Jack over ten kids." Adam hangs up after that and Dean looks back at Angeles, saying, "Go get Jack. I'll call them."
someone to reap the Shadow and
Six months and three days after, someone knocks on his front door. Cas doesn't think anything of it, shouting to the person as he turns down the heat on his stove, "Give me a second, I'll be right there!"
Mick looks over and sees Naomi coming in and quickly says, "She's here, stop talking."
Michael starts walking towards them, painting him in rainbow light from the stained glass.
The security team instantly pulls out their own guns and the governor, Frank Devereaux, raises his hands. "Don't shoot."
they have no taste but what did i expect they dated you
“Shut up!” Dean interrupts. “Just shut up, John.” John does, watching him silently but now carrying judgement in his heavy gaze. Dean draws in a deep breath and continues, “I’ve been told time and again, all my life, this is wrong, I shouldn’t be with guys. Just stick to girls. I’ve been called names, people tried me at school, Ellen can tell you the number of times she’s patched me up from fights I got into because I was dating a guy. And now with Cas, he doesn’t like people knowing about him because of things like that, like me getting beaten because of people like you, who think this is wrong. He’s unhappy because of people like you. Let me tell you this, I don’t need to prove to you that there’s nothing wrong with me loving Cas. You asked me to organise a dinner with the person I’m dating and he’s it.”
[SS2020, look 21]
the favourite, and I never was.
i hope it's not me
Adam doesn’t wait for an answer and breezes past Dean to go down the steps. Sam walks to the map table to greet Adam.
. He sips from the glass and that's when he catches his eye in the mirror and spits out the water.
"At work," Sam answers coldly. "Listen, Dad. It's been a long day and I need to get back to the bank in a bit. Can you just grab your things and go home? I'll come to see you tomorrow or something. Please, just this once, go home." John mumbles incoherently, swooping down to pick up the fallen book but ending up sliding down the side of the mantel. Sam sighs loudly, exhausted, getting the overwhelming need to just sit down and either knock out into a coma or cry until he can't anymore.
