Up close, Sam’s scent hit her full force. She drew in a deep breath to savour the mouth-watering aroma while his heartbeat thudded enticingly.
“I know,” Faith agreed, “But I knew it had to happen. Castiel needs all the help he can get to navigate your emotional minefield.”
Gabriel extended the middle section of the lounge, so it resembled a huge, triple bed. He settled into a comfortable position on his back.
“I asked Chuck about my time in the Cage,” Sam said with a frown, “Most of the damage to my soul occurred after you retrieved my body because Lucifer wrapped it up in his Grace to protect me from the Cage itself. Do you know why you weren’t able to retrieve my soul?”
“Yes,” Samandriel confirmed, “Father is in the Cage with Michael and Lucifer. Adam has suffered enough, so he was given options regarding his future. He chose to live rather than return immediately to Heaven.”
Dean could feel the burn of the blush across his neck and face, “You dick! You did that on purpose!”
Dean felt the burn of blood rushing to his face and neck, “You asked me something similar at the bar. Why do you care?”
Dean emerged from the bathroom fully dressed. He heard his brother swearing and immediately knew who was to blame, “Gabby, what have you done now?”
Castiel stared at the Archangel with the curious head-tilt which indicated he was rapidly processing new information, “I’m sorry I wasn’t there to help.”
The tension in Dean reminded Castiel of the last time Sam had said ‘yes’ to Lucifer. The Hunter was irritable and glaring at everything.
“Still not interested in your kinky fantasies,” Gabriel said cheekily, “Chuck has ordered all of us to remain in the bunker until told otherwise.”
“Oh, I am,” Faith teased, “Having to move across two rooms to say hi is such a challenge for an Archangel.”
“It’s weird to think of you being a willing snack,” Dean admitted, “I worry about you and your shitty taste in women.”
Sam had felt the fangs pierce his skin and then immediately retract. He could feel her tongue sliding along his skin to lap up the blood. His head dropped forward and until his forehead pressed against her right shoulder.
Castiel had long ago learned that stating the obvious to Dean while he was swearing at the wall due to powerful emotions rather than a belief that it could lead to an escape.
Castiel stared at her brother with tears pricking her eyes, “I have some of the images, thanks to Gabriel, but none of the emotions. Raphael was an enemy, not a brother. I couldn’t reason with him and he demanded obedience like a dictator. No-one shares Grace, though it was supposedly quite common. As far as I know, I had never shown anyone my wings until I was forced to manifest them.”
“Can you tell me about these human consultants? I understand that the Catholic Church is eager to hear from you, even with all the deaths.”
“Hello Jane, I am very glad you came; I know how awful Angels can be to Nephilims,” Gabriel said carefully.
The thirst overpowered the fear Gabriel inspired. Sam kept his right arm around Faith’s waist and lifted his left closer to those fangs.
The fury in Dean’s eyes were encouraging to Gabriel; the Hunter cared about the fallen Angel more than he would ever admit.
“The Angels were almost extinct in the future; one of Chuck’s conditions for sending me back was to stop the fall. Without Abaddon in the way, there is no need for you to bear the Mark of Cain,” Gabriel explained patiently, “So much of the next few years can be completely avoided because of a few small changes.”
“And you’ve aged more in the last year than I have in fifty. Are you going to admit I’m younger than you, or do I have to knock you on your back again?”
Sam felt the room abruptly tip sideways. Gabriel helped him out of the chair and over to the closer bed. The Archangel stretched out on the other bed and patiently waited for Dean to finish in the bathroom. A mischievous smile crossed his face and a few moments later he could hear an angry voice swearing about the lack of hot water.
“But it’s fun and I’m bored,” Gabriel complained, “I’d usually be in an orgy of beautiful, horny women on Valentine’s Day. Instead, I’m babysitting you two dorks.”
“You’re a good man and I consider you to be a friend,” Faith reasoned, “Your presence might help with the blood craving, too.”
“As soon as Chuck brings Michael and Lucifer out, we’re going to be zapped out of here,” Sam pointed out, “We might not be Angel condoms, but we’ll have celestial parasites either way.”
“I am six years into the future; God sent me back to change a few things,” Gabriel began, “In exchange for memories relevant to you, the creature known as Meg is to be left alone.”
“That was Gabriel,” Balthazar said calmly, amused by the way Dean wanted to retreat and cling to his Angel at the same time, “We owed him a favour, hence agreeing to take on two Pets.”
“Perhaps; though if we bond you should theoretically live a longer lifespan and be able to move around Heaven at will once you die.”
“I’ll never understand why society demands men be emotionally stunted,” Faith confided, “Is it that hard to talk about emotions?”
Gabriel snorted, “Dad offered me that option and I refused. Raphael would not have listened to me, and the Civil War was inevitable. The death toll would have been much higher if I’d been around.”
“After years of waiting, and divine intervention, I’ve been waiting for a decade for you two to get your act together.”
“Gabriel thinks it is rather entertaining,” Michael added with a frown, “I still don’t understand his sense of humour; the Pagans made him so much worse.”
Lucifer’s expression made Gabriel want to ask if his brother was constipated. He buried the impulse quickly.
“No; I will restrict his abilities so he cannot leave, take control or influence you beyond being present. You can visualize locking him away and he will be trapped.”
“I’m Faith,” she offered as her gaze flicked between the two men, “Though, you’ve probably read that in my file already.”
The ache in his chest intensified as he left the room. He fetched his ‘dead-guy robe’ from his room and stubbornly ignored the impulse to return to Cas.
Michael had never felt so helpless. He had finally started to reconnect with Lucifer, only to be trapped in his True Vessel.
Sam knew it was time to leave. The car was packed, Dean had wished everyone a cheerful farewell and headed for the garage.
“Purgatory was punishment enough,” Dean agreed, “Take that self-righteous bullshit and shove it up -”
Now that he was dealing with a full set of human emotions, he dearly missed Balthazar. The crushing guilt weighed him down and plagued his thoughts when he tried to sleep.
It was close to dawn when Gabriel finally stopped giving horrid suggestions about what to search for on the laptop Castiel was using.
Dean waited until they were back in their motel room to pray to Gabriel. Sam was shaking his head at the way Dean addressed the Archangel who could kill them so easily.
“Dean has become rather entranced by Castiel in a female vessel,” Gabriel confided, “I’m not sure if it will carry over to her male form.”
The addition of Linda Tran as an older sister or mother figured reminded Castiel of Bobby interacting with the Winchester brothers. Nothing was lost when a third person entered the dynamic, though there were adjustments made by everyone.
Dean felt the warmth on his shoulder first, as though the Grace embedded in his soul was welcoming the arrival of the rest. The light faded and the warmth spread through his chest and into the rest of his body.
“No wings,” Dean replied without thinking. A moment later he remembered the wing thing was a delicate topic.
Lucifer sat at the end of the bed like he belonged there, “Yes; we’re sharing a body at the moment. This gorgeous face is all in your mind.”
“I have found that to be true,” Castiel agreed thoughtfully, “The rules of human behaviour are extremely complicated.”
Cas considered the idea seriously, but was not convinced, “Seeing this version of my vessel unclothed arouses you.”
Gabriel lingered to observe Dean and Castiel for a few extra moments. They were on opposite ends of the couch and they both seemed comfortable.
The grass collapsed as though a sinkhole had formed. Memories of jumping into that hole and landing on the cold, unforgiving floor of the Cage assaulted his brain.
Gabriel had summoned a huge serving of ice-cream so he could participate in the meal. He loved how entertaining the humans were, and Castiel was clueless. If Dean was any more obvious, he’d be ordering flowers.
Chuck flicked a glance at Gabriel before returning his attention to the Winchesters and the worried Angel sitting between them.
Dean found himself staring at the floor, resisting the impulse to twist the end of his shirt in his fingers.
Like Dean, Sam wouldn’t believe that the bare-chested snuggling was for his own benefit. He realized that he was wearing only some satin boxer shorts and tried to retreat. The onset of symptoms sent him back into the feathery embrace of a smug Balthazar.
The Archangel was crouched in front of the bleeding Angel with a blank expression. Castiel recognised the lack of emotions of an Angel with a mission.
“Yep; he’s locked up in a box, reliving every Angel interaction I could find,” Dean said with a cocky smile, “It’s time he found out how dicks like Zachariah treated us.”
“We’ll increase the wards so only you and I are the only Angels who can get in here,” Gabriel suggested.
She sounded so utterly certain that no-one argued. As Sam’s mate in life and death, she had the final say in the matter.
Sam found the idea of being ‘friends’ with Lucifer to be ridiculous and logical at the same time. The hallucination had been infuriating most of the time, but the glimmers of a helpful person had appeared, though based in self-interest.
Gabriel tilted his head thoughtfully, lacking the innocent confusion Castiel displayed when he reacted in a similar way, “Why do you assume that Lucifer tortured Sam?”
The image around them flickered ominously, “Guiding you through these memories is more taxing than I anticipated,” Castiel mumbled into Dean’s shoulder.
Gabriel watched the man reel back as the memories drilled into his head. Faith bolted around the furniture to catch Sam before he fell from the chair.
“My Grace should appear as a glowing light; you shouldn’t be able to see it through fabric, and definitely not around Dean,” Castiel said quickly.
“My memories of the Cage are hazy, at best,” Sam began, “The hallucination of Lucifer implied a lot of things, and I need to know what really happened before I consider any vessel ideas.”
Castiel knew he had developed emotional ties to other Angels, but the memories had been ripped out of his mind so thoroughly, there was no loyalty to Heaven left to keep him there.
Dean ignored the sarcasm, as he usually did, “Well, then, it wasn’t a waste of time after all. Let’s grab dinner and get going.”
Dean decided there was no chance he had been stupid enough to go home with a stranger. He peered around the room and recognised it as the place Faith had been using.
“What does that entail, exactly?” Cas asked, “Kissing is enjoyable, and I do plan to explore how this version of my vessel experiences pleasure.”
“I assume you will remain on Earth with Dean?” Michael continued, “I’d like to visit regularly; the distance from humanity didn’t help me to understand them.”
Gabriel grinned at the Hunter, “How much do you want to wager that at least one of them gets off before dawn?”
Gabriel was sure he would have to take an active role in the family to prevent the timeline descending into chaos. If anyone could make a mess of the future with a few dumb decisions, it would be a Winchester.
Dean was in the room with the punching bag and gym mats on the floor. Gabriel wanted to throttle the idiot Winchester but refrained as it would not help his long-term plan.
“I don’t know how else to live with this feeling,” Lucifer admitted through gritted teeth, “It’s like a volcano burning me from the inside.”
Crowley rolled his eyes, “I’m getting Archangel backing, the tablet translated and a guarantee that neither you nor your brother will attempt the trials to seal Hell. Why wouldn’t I cooperate?”
Faith rolled her eyes at Dean as he brushed past her. She greeted Charlie happily and pulled Sam into a hug.
Gabriel shook his head, “No; only Chuck, Amara and Nephilims sired by Archangels can to that. I can only imagine how many Gabriel’s exist in total.”
“Our wings are much more flexible than that,” Samandriel said with a frown, “And Michael is the only one with pure, white wings.”
“Father’s absence should not have been kept a secret,” Castiel replied gently, “We should have mourned together. Some Angels may have left for Earth, but the majority of us would have followed you willingly.”
“That mark goes right down to your soul. He was tainted the moment he touched you. Every Angel can see it; you might as well have ‘Property of Castiel’ tattooed on your forehead.”
Dean went for a shower after he had finished eating. By the time he returned with a clean-shaven chin and damp hair, Sam was waiting for him in the hall.
Balthazar shrugged, “Holding a grudge against such a close friend doesn’t feel right. Can I play the protective older brother and accuse Dean of trying to sully her virtue, though?”
Dean tried to explain as the group headed back toward the bunker. Gabriel transported the bodies to the driveway of a cult that was hoarding weapons which had all been sabotaged.
A terrible thought occurred to Dean, causing his fingers to tighten around Castiel’s hands. Castiel felt the jolt of panic and dread rip through their bond.
Faith smiled at the page describing male Vampires returning to their human wives shortly after turning to sire offspring.
Castiel rolled away from Dean and sat up slowly, “If you can see them now, then you always will. I suspect that manifesting them and drawing on the Grace in your soul has given you an awareness most humans never achieve.”
The left cuff clicked open, sending Faith shoulder-first into Sam’s chest. He caught her easily but wasn’t expecting her to slide off the bed and try to move behind him. Only the remaining handcuff prevented her from using him as a human shield.
“Dean wants to know why Chuck is bothering with this,” Michael said from the opposite side of Gabriel to Lucifer, “It does seem pointless.”
“She’s probably long dead,” Dean mused as he ran his hand behind the third shelf, “How long could anyone sleep under a spell?”
Lucifer had been locked in the Cage by the time Nephilim were being born. The idea of inhabiting a vessel and doing anything with a human had been an utterly repulsive concept. Even as he watched Jane, he couldn’t imagine wanting to engage in sex with a human. He didn’t find her presence disturbing, as he had had plenty of practise separating the sins of the father from the children.
The Archangel remained seated at the wooden picnic table, as though he could lessen how intimidating he was by remaining seated.
“Castiel would not cope if I changed the gender of his vessel with him in it,” Gabriel added thoughtfully, “Dad warned me about that; suicidal former Angels should never be mixed with menstrual cramps.”
“Yep; there’s one where he let off the Big Bang and then sat back to watch; he didn’t even bother to create Leviathans or Angels. That one exists without the supernatural; except as a television show.”
“It’s also a gender thing,” Faith explained, “Society teaches men to ignore their feelings, while women get to express them. It’s very unfair, and from what I have observed very little has changed since the fifties.”
Castiel drooped in shame and a sigh escaped him, “I can never truly make amends. My punishment will be eternal.”
They were three hours into a Lord of the Rings marathon and Gabriel was feeling rather smug. He was perched in the centre seat of a double-chaise lounge; Sam was sprawled out to his left, playing big spoon against Faith.
Lucifer shoved himself away from the Angel hovering over him, adrenalin surging through his system. Lucifer demanded to know what in Father’s name Gadreel was doing.
Gabriel snorted, “You killed a copy of me; I got away without a scratch. There was a slight energy drain from faking the light-show and wing-imprints, but that was it.”
“We saw that when Cas was cut off during the Apocalypse,” Dean interjected, “He was basically human by the end.”
“That bond you two have is growing fast,” Gabriel pointed out, “Who knows what side effects will emerge?”
Sam studied the circle burn on his left wrist. If only fifty-thousand people were still fertile, and Faith was not, he was suspicious of how Chuck’s plan would be carried out.
“Thank-you,” Faith said quietly to Gabriel. As he turned, she couldn’t stop herself from backing away from him.
Gabriel wondered if they were dreaming together. The lazy smile Balthazar wore was oddly comforting.
Balthazar blew him a kiss. Jane poked him in the shoulder to express her disapproval. He whispered something in her ear which made her laugh.
“I want to see every mention of me in this place,” Lucifer grumbled, “To see how full of shit humans are.”
“There is no sex in Heaven, as there are not physical vessels,” Castiel explained blandly, “We use the term ‘sibling’ because we were created by the same being. There are thousands of Angels, but very few I trust or consider to be true family.”
Even if Castiel hadn’t promised Gabriel he wouldn’t act on suicidal impulses, he wouldn’t bother. He wouldn’t risk ending up in Heaven with Naomi and her instruments of torture.
While Adam let Dean and Samandriel lead him toward food, Sam remained frozen in place, staring at the bed blankly.
“I have a better idea,” Matthias said, her eyes shining with excitement, “You need to be punished for all the damage you inflicted on Heaven.”
Dean recognised the voice in his head, which was a relief. He did not want to doubt his own sanity in addition to all his other concerns.
Sam ignored the low-level bickering between Gabriel and Dean. His concern for Adam was covering a much deeper fear; that Lucifer would soon be free. Logically, he knew he needed to confront the Archangel who haunted his nightmares, but the dread growing in his chest could not be ignored.
Dean checked in with Kevin, who was still working on the Demon tablet. Eventually the conversation turned to Castiel, and some of his odd behaviour since he had returned from Purgatory.
“In the original timeline, Angels are almost extinct thanks to me. How would you live with the knowledge if you were responsible for wiping out most of humanity?” Cas asked bitterly.
Lucifer threw control back to Sam and retreated back to the horrid box. He wanted to hide from both his vessel and his brother so he could pretend he hadn’t broken down like a mud-monkey.
The expression on Gabriel’s face switched from relaxed to menacing in an instant. He nailed the taller Winchester with an intense glare.
“Dean, put the gun away,” Sam instructed firmly, “Her bite can’t turn me, and her fangs aren’t even out.”
“It’s a start, but still pretty disappointed,” Gabriel sighed, “You get naked for random chicks you’ve just met.”
Castiel’s wings were protruding through the back of the lounge, which looked painful. They twitched while Dean’s gaze lingered on them.
“You are not an abomination, Sam,” Gabriel sighed, “The fact that such a pure soul was made to think so poorly of himself is the real crime, and you are not to blame for that.”
Sam slowed his approach, knowing Dean was correct. The urge to rescue a prisoner needed to be balanced against the risk of interacting with a dangerous, supernatural creature.
“Good morning, Sam!” Gabriel greeted cheerfully, “Dad released Gadreel from prison and suggested he stay here for a while.”
Faith was too tense to sleep, even though it was close to 3am. She wanted to be near Sam and the Angel in her head craved Dean’s presence.
Castiel realized the restraints were being removed from his ankles. He was grateful that Matthias had taken a break from ripping feathers out.
Castiel suppressed the surge of possessiveness he felt over Dean; it was not a new emotion. She didn’t bother articulating how Dean would react to the knowledge of Chuck’s observation of their bonding.
“Sorry for the rough trip,” Dean offered casually, “Let’s just keep the fangs pointed away from my neck.”
“Are all humans this dense?” Lucifer demanded, “You’re not in the Cage, that idiot is not me and this is a dream!”
He raised one hand, which elicited an immediate flinch from the woman. She whimpered as his finger touched the handcuff.
“I need to rest,” Cas said regretfully, “Be nice to Faith; she is very interested in the hand-to-hand combat techniques required to subdue you.”
Chuck snorted, “Faith; the excuse used by assholes for centuries to kill in my name. Whether you label me as God, Allah or something else, I will judge all by their thoughts and actions. If I was going to favour a group, I might pick Atheists; they didn’t need an invisible friend to guilt them into morality.”
Dean narrowed his eyes at the smirk the taller man wore, “You know what’s happening. What do I have to kill to get laid?”
“I admire the trust Dean has placed in you,” Michael said softly, “And I am saddened by your fear of me.”
Matthias smiled broadly. She walked toward the rebellious Angel and touched the chain hanging between his wrists.
Castiel glanced at the single hand he could see gripping the blanket as Gabriel struggled and failed to control his mirth.
“Michael, I’m going to let you out, if you’re sick of being trapped in there,” Dean said internally.
Faith wasn’t prepared for the burning sense of loss which grew steadily as Sam left the vicinity. She could sense the direction the brothers headed and had to ignore the impulse to follow.
Dean didn’t believe him. Cas had learned to lie from habitual deceivers, and in true Winchester fashion, tried to hide insecurities to avoid troubling others.
“I plan to sit back and watch,” Chuck explained, “The bond kicked up a notch when Castiel took you as a host. There’s no stopping it now, and the more you resist, the more it will hurt.”
Dean heard the faint whisper in the back of his mind, an echo of words which hadn’t been spoken aloud.
Castiel grimaced at the glass, “No alcohol for a while. I’ve experienced a hangover, and I would prefer to avoid another one.”
Lucifer tried to offer a witty reply, but Sam surged forward, seized control and shoved the Archangel into a box at the back of the Hunter’s mind.
Sam was not keen on the idea of experimenting with alcohol while Lucifer was riding shotgun in his head.
Sam wilted slightly and a muscle in his jaw twitched, “Fine. I’ll get the towels. Put the damn gun away.”
Wiping out all supernatural creatures made sense, and the rumours of Demons being slaughtered in massive numbers was equally acceptable.
“You can’t,” Gabriel replied simply, “Sam can feel your emotions; he knows you didn’t abuse him like that. Give him time to accept it. Show him what really happened in there, from your perspective.”
Gabriel retreated deep into the bunker to brood. It took a few hours, but eventually Castiel sought him out, and her two shadows were finally absent.
Gabriel groaned, “I am seriously tempted to slap you in the head. You were chock full of Leviathans; don’t you think they were messing with your judgement?”
“I’ll have to add Mike and Luci to the wards,” Gabriel warned, “Unless you like living rough while they’re aboard?”
“My orders were to retrieve you from Hell,” Castiel said flatly, “But your soul is the brightest, most compelling thing I have ever seen. I chose to infuse your soul with my Grace, and I don’t regret it.”
Lucifer could feel the affect Sam was having on him, but he couldn’t summon the energy to care. The power Sam wielded demanded honesty, so he didn’t try to prevent the truth from escaping.
“God came back when his sister was wreaking havoc. By the time Apocalypse number three was nigh, he knew something had to be done,” Gabriel explained.
“You need to learn to control that temper,” Gabriel observed calmly, “It doesn’t do you any favours. It took me years to funnel my anger into something productive; punishing assholes.”
Meg took Charlie on the short version of the guided tour of the bunker while the brothers turned their attention to the other newcomer.
“I would have killed him earlier, but I was trying to stay off Heaven’s radar,” Gabriel added, “He’s lucky; I’d have made the pain last if I had the choice.”
“Nick was so miserable that he chose to go to Heaven to be with his family,” Lucifer replied easily, “Crowley had him; the sneaky toad. This body has been reinforced with magic from the Cage, so it won’t be exploding any time soon.”
“And I recognised that look on your face when I do this,” Dean countered, running his fingers through the feathers with more force, “Do you think I could get you off just by playing with your wings?”
“THANK-YOU!” Lucifer cried, his hair sticking up oddly, “Father apologized for tossing me out, but not the nasty PR campaign.”
Dean and Sam lowered their guns. Castiel remained frozen in place as memories of rescuing and then executing the Angel flooded his mind.
Gabriel made a disbelieving noise, “Take that apology and run, Castiel. It’s the only one I’ve ever heard from Him.”
“You should,” Dean retorted, “If they are let out, Lucifer will come after Sam. He’s been through enough at the hands of that bastard.”
“Well, Dad decided you have earned one. Think of the previous timeline as a draft,” Gabriel suggested, “I can update your memories, a few years at a time, so you all know what transpired, if you wish?”
Sam watched Dean flick a glance at Cas, who was staring at the Angel blade with wide, terrified eyes.
“Fashion parade!” Gabriel announced happily, “I was going to provide alcohol, but that’s even better!”
Castiel was clearly uncomfortable, “I did suspect as much, but you have a life to live with Sam. My current vessel is perfectly adequate.”
“This!” Gabriel waved a hand at Faith, “The way women want to look after you; it’s because you only have eyes for Dean. The whole ‘want what you can’t have’ thing.”
“Fine, but I retain the right to show you the real story if your brain has invented a bunch of garbage.”
Gabriel moved so he was opposite Dean. Castiel turned to face him as the Archangel bent down to speak quietly, “Castiel, I offer you some of my Grace to help you heal.”
Castiel twisted the edge of the blankets in his hands, “I don’t think any change would change the way Dean thinks of me.”
Gabriel entered the room while shaking his head, “You two are hopeless; you should be making out by now.”
“Nice hat,” Dean joked, before realising that pissing off the Archangel was probably not a good idea.
Samandriel glanced down at his body, “My vessel was twenty when I possessed him. His name was Alfie and he is in Heaven now.”
Dean ordered Cas to take a shower, and the only advice he offered was to avoid getting the soap or shampoo in his eyes. Cas was surprisingly docile when he was hungover.
“Another lesson you need to master,” Faith withdrew her hand to wave a finger at him, “The lack of chocolate around here is a serious issue.”
Castiel twitched constantly and his eyes were active behind his eyelids. The two women were sure he was trapped somehow between sleep and reality, thanks to Gabriel.
“You could eject him at any time,” Chuck added, “That would be the only way for him to leave, unless Gabriel pulls him out.”
“I have him,” Sam said aloud, in an echo of a similar statement uttered in the same place years ago.
“Brother, who you choose to socialize with is your business, but honestly; you can do better,” Castiel declared.
Chuck appeared near Gabriel and greeted the Hunters with a genuine smile, “Hello Sam, Dean. Gabriel tells me that you want to critique my plans as though you have the ability to stop me.”
“He’s my mate!” Faith growled, rising to her feet. Sam stood behind her, his hands falling to her hips. He wasn’t sure he is was anticipating having to defend her or hold her back.
Castiel waited patiently for Dean to readjust. The hand which shot out to encircle his wrist reassured the Hunter and the bond between them warmed.
Lucifer sat down with the latest book of rubbish he needed to correct. He expected Sam to retreat as he usually did; instead, the Hunter slid into the next seat.
Lucifer ignored him, “So, I would like some suggestions on how to approach you without angering you.”
“Adding poison to sweet drinks makes no sense,” Michael argued, “Do you know how many humans have died experimenting with this substance?”
“You two have this weird co-dependency going on,” Gabriel pointed out, “You won’t let Dean sacrifice himself and he won’t let you. So. Don’t. Bother.”
Finding Lucifer hosting Michael was gratifying. After being at odds for so long, his sons were finally moving past their conflict. Chuck took their reconciliation as a sign that this reality was going to stabilize quickly; and the parallel Universe he was about to create could be just as successful.
The hope in Sam’s expression was heartbreaking. Awful words like ‘freak’ and ‘abomination’ were so prominent, Gabriel couldn’t shut them out.
“No; I kept going! There were a handful where you and Michael worked together but wiped out most of humanity and enslaved or restricted the rest. I knew you could do better, so I kept trying. The spread of Christianity after the Fall of Rome led to multiple realities where you and Michael split the world and waged Civil Wars; nothing but dust was left after
“The Angels like Castiel; yes,” Gabriel clarified, “The lower classes like Cherubs and Reapers are more like cousins.”
“And you’re heavier than you look,” Faith replied automatically. Her mouth snapped shut when she realized she had spoken aloud.
Gabriel pouted, “So uptight. I really don’t understand why humans have so many hang-ups regarding sex. All animals do it, and no other species gets so weird about it. Male, female; as long as they are consenting adults, why should anyone give a shit?”
Sam smiled up at her, and Faith was extremely aware of his proximity. The height difference between them put her breasts right at his eye level. She was impressed that he was able to remain focused.
Castiel tried to apologize for interrupting the developing relationship with Sam. Faith assured the Angel that she did not regret her decision and did not hesitate to answer his silent queries about initiating a relationship with the taller Hunter.
Sam couldn’t define what he was feeling, not even to himself. As much as he wanted to leave Lucifer in the box, he knew that he had to face his nightmare. The memories of pain and humiliation were bad enough; even if they had been produced by his mind trying to interpret his time in the Cage.
“No; you are more than welcome in my space,” Dean decided, gripping the hips of the Angel with both hands.
“Something killed the cheery mood while you were swearing at me,” Dean said to Sam, “It could be the next crisis – one we can actually stop.”
“Dean, if I do anything that Father interprets as opposition to his plan, you will be killed and your soul will be trapped in the Empty,” Castiel said in a strained tone, “I can’t let that happen.”
Sam retreated to the room Gabriel had prepared for the Flock. He warned Faith that he was going to confront Lucifer after alerting Gabriel psychically.
Gabriel huffed impatiently, “So, do I have your permission to give you another two years’ worth of memories?”
“Father did always like the sound of his own voice,” Gabriel mused, “Balthazar used to joke that I was made the Messenger because people were so sick of Father prattling.”
Castiel watched Dean warily and wondered if the Hunter could really allow himself to be possessed by an Angel. Gabriel offered an encouraging smile and pulled a key out of his pocket.
Sam pondered the memories Lucifer had shared of the lead-up to the Fall. He sympathised with the Devil, which was an odd feeling. He was distracted by thoughts of God’s culpability in the matter as he dropped his work-out clothes in the laundry and headed toward the kitchen.
“Keep it in your pants, Balthy,” Gabriel advised, “The lust you’re projecting will corrupt little Samandriel.”
Adam wanted to reassure his half-brother, but the stoic expressions did not invite any comments. Since waking that morning, Adam had slowly accepted that he really was free of the Cage.
Castiel yanked the bottle of Grace off his neck and smashed it on the floor. The flash of light bleached the room in a painfully bright glow.
Castiel enjoyed sorting and recoding all the items in the bunker. He imagined living there while Dean aged, right up until he died and went to Heaven. He could only hope that by the time Dean’s mortal body expired, he would be welcomed in Heaven again. If Heaven would not accept Dean, Castiel would further bind Dean’s soul to his Grace to keep him safe.
“Have you ever masturbated before?” Dean asked quietly as his hand explored the hardened flesh with confidence.
The books he had been correcting could not hold his attention. Lucifer began to pace around the Library, struggling to understand why seeing Sam so vulnerable was so disconcerting.
Castiel listened to Angel radio while he monitored the sleep cycle Dean was experiencing. He heard the outcry of sheer joy when the rest of the Angels realized that God had returned.
“Father just announced that the purge of ‘tainted’ humans is to begin immediately,” Gabriel sighed, “Angels are being sent out to rid the world of ‘irredeemable deviants’.”
Dean surged to his feet, not willing to remain near the Dhampir, “You bit Cas last night, so what the Hell?”
Sam met Gabriel’s blank gaze before he cleared his throat to ask another question, “Is there anything we can say or do to make you change your mind?”
Instead of flying, Castiel walked back to the house he shared with Balthazar. He spotted Balthazar and Gabriel and recognised them immediately by their wings. The two prone figures lying unconscious on the ground were not familiar to him.
Jack regarded the two of them with confusion, “You don’t actually care about me getting wrinkles, so why bother talking about it?”
Sam had been braced for the screaming to start, so when Castiel began chanting, he was momentarily relieved. Dread spread through his torso as Castiel spoke smoothly with his head hanging forward and his eyes fixed on the floor.
Asmodeus shrieked with rage as the woman grabbed him by the shoulder and sank her teeth into his neck.
Dean parked the Impala while Sam called Castiel. Dean wasn’t sure why his brother was so concerned about the former Angel – Gabriel and Faith were there to help.
Gabriel reached out to tip Sam’s head back to force him to meet his eyes, “Listen here, you stubborn shit; I can see your soul and there isn’t a hint of Demonic taint anywhere. Your body does not infect your soul; otherwise Dean’s soul would be made of beer and saturated fat.”
Castiel settled down parallel to Dean, “If Dean ends up with wings, I don’t fear for his safety; I fear for Heaven.”
Gabriel shook his head knowingly, “That’s just it; six years from now they’re still living in denial. Dean buries any thoughts of Castiel under a banner of ‘we’re just friends’ and Castiel is resigned to never being happy.”
Faith felt rather left out, as she had no expertise in the supernatural to help check the collection for errors. She had read every page in the book on Dhampirs, except for the missing pages Gabriel had removed.
Sam listened as Dean launched into a description of a variety of television shows. Faith listened attentively, though she clearly didn’t understand most of it.
Sam managed to catch Faith when she tried to spin around and back away at the same time. Her involuntary yelp ended when she crashed into Sam.
Dean watched Cas fold the beige coat and place it carefully on top of the chest of drawers. Thoughts of the black underwear kept him aroused enough to remain in bed with a firm grip on the blankets.
Dean gulped, knowing Castiel deserved the truth. His voice was low and strained when he replied, “I never thought about it before I went to Hell. Even though it was my soul and not my physical body, I still have nightmares of being helpless while they raped me.”
“This is a Demon,” Chuck explained patiently, “Holy water will burn it, and the exorcism I outlined earlier will force the Demon out of the vessel.”
Balthazar made a comment about using syrup in another context, which led to a slap in the shoulder from Jane and laughter from some of the others. Even Samandriel giggled, which left Castiel looking rather intrigued.
“Gabriel, do you think I’m an Abomination?” Jane asked quietly. She analysed his aura closely to make sure he was being truthful.
Balthazar and Castiel disappeared down the hallway while Dean argued with Gabriel. The Hunter was abruptly silenced when he was presented with a debit card.
“I did it for Castiel; he deserves to be happy,” Gabriel watched Dean withdraw his hand from Castiel. He had to be the most stubborn human in existence. The human was clearly overthinking something; and Gabriel suspected he was thinking of his own relationship to Castiel.
“Half of the Angels died at my hand!” Castiel spat, “And, according to you, I was on track to kill the rest within months. I don’t deserve a second chance!”
Castiel squeezed his eyes shut when he heard Gabriel moving his wings. He knew he was being taken to the bunker rather than Heaven.
Sam sat back down with a dopey half-smile which left Dean torn. He wanted Sammy to be happy, but the danger posed by the Dhampir sat in his gut like a lead weight. Dean wished Sam would go after someone who wouldn’t risk damaging an artery when giving a hickey.
Gabriel threw back his head and laughed loudly. He clapped Dean on the back and congratulated him on being mildly entertaining.
“They didn’t take four years to kiss,” Gabriel retorted, “Expect fireworks and an announcement in the local paper is you and Castiel ever f-”
Dean glanced down at him with a frown. Castiel stretched out on the bed, which looked quite weird; his wings were poking out either side of the mattress.
Sam abandoned his rest break on the mat and gave up the lovely view it provided. He sat up slowly, his thoughts on what the Archangel could be planning.
Castiel found that she enjoyed the taste of the food and assumed the transformation had been taxing on her Grace. She suspected she would even need sleep.
“I doubt he will ever die of old age,” Michael predicted, “His soul and your Grace are merging too well.”
Sam and Dean were sitting on opposite ends of the three-seater couch. Faith was in the middle, and neither brother had been willing to move more than a few steps away from her.
“You should talk to your boys, Fastiel,” Gabriel instructed during a natural lull in the conversation, “They think God should share all his plans and be afraid of their disapproval.”
Chuck opened the door to the bunker and wandered in casually. He heard Dean’s reaction to his presence and smiled at the mouthy human’s reaction.
Faith was extremely aware of the odd dynamic which had formed. Though she was looking at the television, her focus remained on the Angel in her mind. Her thoughts of cuddling up to Sam to savour his presence could not be denied, ever as she tried to suppress them.
Faith remained still, knowing Sam was behind her and attempting to cling to his composure. She noted the way Castiel reached out to grab Dean’s hand automatically as she sat down.
“Dean is checking on our supply of Dead Mans’ blood,” Sam said quietly, “So we can take the cuffs off at night.”
“Would your friendship with Castiel develop into something more if I alter his vessel to a female?” Gabriel asked directly.
“I understand what it’s like to be hated just for existing. It’s time you see the Cage from my perspective, human.”
Dean wondered where Cas had picked up his moves when the Angel pressed one knee onto the bed and swung the other leg over his lap to straddle the taller man.
Faith nodded, “Now I understand why I was allowed to live; Gabriel wants you to use me as a vessel.”
“No stranger than inhabiting any other vessel,” Castiel explained, “I have occupied female vessels before, though each encounter was short.”
“Are you supplying the booze?” Dean asked with a smile, “We’ve got beer, but not enough to get an Angel tipsy.”
“One question at a time,” Gabriel said with a smile, “I am Gabriel, Archangel of the Lord; also known as Loki the Norse God.” He let the shadow of his wings flicked in the dull light.
Castiel couldn’t properly articulate the regard he held for Dean. Love, devotion and obsession all seemed to fall short.
“You are the most stubborn human I have ever encountered,” Castiel agreed, “Saying ‘no’ to Michael made you infamous in Heaven.”
Sam nodded and Faith helped him to his feet. Two days in a coma and Adam being part-Angel were forgotten when he found Lucifer serving lunch while wearing an apron which announced; ‘Cheeky Devil’.
As ‘Alien’ started on the screen, Dean continued his subtle observation of Lucifer. The Archangel was not experienced enough to hide the emotional turmoil clearly readable on his face.
Dean reached the final cell a moment ahead of his brother. He expected to find an empty bed, so the unmoving body lit up in the artificial light made him hesitate.
Gabriel ignored the gasp and jump in heartrate which was triggered by his arrival. There was no way to answer a prayer swiftly without surprising the frail, human body.
“I can feel how attached you are to Dean; the merging of Grace and soul is unprecedented,” Michael observed, “Even the Angels who sired Nephilim were not so attached.”
The alarm in the body language of the Angel was genuine enough for Dean. He slipped the blade back into his jacket.
Gabriel was sitting at the centre of the lounge with his legs stretched out in front of him. Castiel was lying on her back, using the Archangel’s thigh as a headrest.
Dean huffed his annoyance, but Castiel remained unfazed. He leaned back to see the Archangel standing behind him.
Gabriel monitored the former Demon remotely as he moved through the bunker silently. Once he was sure everyone was asleep, he returned to the dungeon.
Gabriel regarded Castiel sadly, “He is experimenting with the timeline; he sent me back to this point because manipulations at later points didn’t work out. If this attempt goes down the drain, I bet my wings He will send me back to face-off with Raphael. If that doesn’t work, he’ll stop the rings from opening Lucifer’s Cage.”
“Ghosts!” Michael provided, “Thousands of ghosts, newly dead, every year. Around one sixth of human souls are not pure enough for Heaven. Hunters would never keep up.”
“Henry Winchester. He was supposed to be initiated on the night of the massacre,” Dean supplied. He was pretty sure she wasn’t going to try to attack, but he held onto the machete anyway.
“Never!” Gabriel scoffed, “Jane is fascinating, and quite charming. Too bad she avoids you like the plague.”
Lucifer fought down the instinctual anger, remembering the advice Gabriel had imparted earlier. As a wave of calm settled over him, he smiled innocently at his brother, “Don’t embarrass the boy; he can’t help it if he’s imagining me wet.”
Castiel posed a unique problem; he was not emotionally stable in his human body. Coping with his lack of Grace didn’t allow much breathing space to process more memories from the future. If he received the memories, they would provide extra coping skills he had developed in the previous timeline. Gabriel wasn’t sure if he should stuff the memories in Castiel’s head for his own good, as it was a risk if the fallen Angel couldn’t cope.
“What should I have done differently?” Michael wondered, “I knew no other way to keep Heaven from falling into chaos.”
“Well, I was going to sneak in to visit Linda, but she’s already asleep. Since you’re avoiding sleep, I might as well let you in on the plan.”
“That does make sense,” Sam conceded, “They’re so different, it’s hard to imagine them being so close.”
“For weeks, the pattern continued; a fight followed by you and Adam trying to talk some sense into them. My children are as stubborn as me; so, it was more than a month in Hell-time before Michael would speak with anyone.”
Castiel was passive in her mind, though she could feel the relief in the Angel as she settled next to Dean.
“Dean’s mind is great that way,” Gabriel said sincerely, “While you’re there, Mikey, get his help to remove that stick from your ass.”
Sam sighed and his shoulders slumped. He hated the way the Archangel could make his stomach turn just by speaking.
“Your soul tried to do that,” Faith explained, “Had Castiel not retreated, you would be completely bound to him.”
“Your soul clung to Lucifer’s Grace so tightly that it was ripped from your body. Lucifer held onto your soul, or course, but to be torn from your body like that, you wanted to remain with him.”
“Having children is a privilege, not a ‘right’,” Chuck said simply, “This planet is not the property of humans; it belongs to all life-forms. I will protect the Earth by limiting humans however I see fit.”
“It helps to relax at the end of a stressful day,” Dean offered, “Lowering inhibitions gives a confidence boost, so you feel braver.”
Adam considered the Angel thoughtfully, “I don’t think he is the type to go through a partying stage; he’s that quiet kid who went from a teenager right into the army to be a good soldier.”
“Get rid of the judgement in your tone,” Dean ordered, “Or I’ll shove you in the box with my Hell memories.”
“When we first met, you didn’t think you deserved to be rescued from Hell,” Castiel recalled, “Learning you carry some of my Grace led to the absurd assumption that you had somehow corrupted me. I wonder if you are intimidated by the idea of an Angel of the Lord prioritising you above God.”
“Calm down, Castiel,” Chuck advised, “Your favourite human is safe; I might make him mute, but I won’t kill him for being obnoxious.”
Sam tried to sound casual when he asked, “So, you’re planning to stay with us until the case is solved?”
Samandriel gulped and glanced at Gabriel anxiously, “Are we in danger from Heaven? Naomi labelled me as a traitor before Castiel killed me.”
“No,” Gabriel assured him, “I left just enough alcohol in his system to give him a nasty hangover without any permanent damage.”
“We’re both fine, and you’re avoiding questions like a lawyer,” Dean pointed out, “Can you explain the wings thing?”
“I don’t know what I’m attracted to,” Michael said thoughtfully, “How did you recognise your attraction to Castiel?”
“Yes! Dean is having a similar effect on Michael, though it’s not happening as fast. The process was
“I think I’ve adjusted remarkably well,” Faith pointed out, “If it is something that important, I need to know.”
Gabriel lowered his beer to the table, “We wait for Kevin to complete the translation of his half of the tablet, so we know what it contains. Offer to keep Kevin and his mother safe in the bunker under my protection.”
“I didn’t expect Lucifer to be changed so drastically,” Chuck admitted, “He actually apologized to Sam, which I didn’t predict.”
“That doesn’t matter. If you want to chat again, knock at the front door. I’m sure you’ll want to discuss the Demon and Angel tablets soon,” Gabriel mused, “I’d also like to discuss your mother; she’s sexy.”
Sam tried to ignore the blood rushing into his groin and wondered if offering to teach Faith some defensive moves was a stupid idea.
“Did you run out of movies?” Balthazar asked. He wasn’t sure why the group would lie around in silence.
“Who did?” Faith growled. She had gravitated toward Sam instinctively; she could feel her distress mirrored in him.
“Father gave the Winchesters the upper-hand,” Gabriel explained, “Michael can only take control when Dean lets him.”
Michael withdrew deep into Dean’s mind as Gabriel and Lucifer left the room. He was vaguely aware of Castiel entering shortly thereafter. Even though Dean was asleep, his soul brightened as the Angel drew closer.
Faith offered a fake smile, “I wanted to introduce myself; I’m Faith, Sam’s girl, and your worst nightmare if you mess with him,” she said sweetly.
“By accepting Gabriel’s mark upon your soul, you cannot be possessed by an Angel without his permission,” Castiel explained, “He would also have to bless taking a mate.”
Faith watched with undisguised curiosity as Castiel shifted closer to her brother. Gabriel held out one hand and manoeuvred his sibling closer.
Sam recognised the features of Lucifer’s previous vessel Nick strengthen, though the shifting form remained unsettling.
Castiel refrained from pointing out that he was an Angel, so he technically didn’t have a head. What Dean was suggesting could cancel out the energy boost he would receive from having his Grace completed.
“Until Naomi waltzes in and makes me her bitch,” Castiel said as he reached for bottle number eight, “Why isn’t this working?”
“Think of Faith as your reward, Sam,” Chuck advised, “Unless you screw up monumentally, she’s determined to stay with you.”
Faith began to circle him, and her tongue flicked up to slide along one partially-extended fang, “Think of me biting Cas in comparison to your relationship with Amelia; I was needed at the time, even though it’s not what I really wanted.”
“I have tried to kill Crowley a few times,” Meg explained, “If I remain a Demon, I will try again. I am willing to be cured, if there is a chance I don’t have to go to Hell when I die.”
Gabriel kept his expression neutral, though he was very tempted to make fun of the way Dean was staring at the newly female Castiel. He was aware of the moment the Angel realized that Dean was quite interested in her appearance.
“That was Gabriel,” Dean answered, “He’s saving humans and hiding them, or something. We’re prisoners.”
“Round Two goes to Sam,” Gabriel continued, “Michael forfeited the last round, so this time it’s Dean versus Lucifer. Dean is talking smack about not holding back because the Devil is hiding in Sam.”
“You both had the sense to know that risking Michael and Lucifer escaping would have been incredibly stupid,” Gabriel surmised, “Wait until he wakes up to kick yourselves.”
“Well, I do plan to drop in on Crowley at some stage,” Gabriel mused, “I assumed you two would want to be present at that meeting.”
“Hello, Meg,” Dean offered. She held a slab of rock that he recognised as the Angel tablet close to her chest.
Castiel returned the hug awkwardly, knowing Dean would prefer to retreat from emotions rather than face them. The tremors running through the taller man worried the Angel enough that he drew them back into the waking world without warning.
Huge Angel wings appeared behind Castiel. Both humans gaped at them, all snarky comments forgotten. The wings curved above his head and the lowest feathers reached his ankles. The feathers were grey at the top and gradually darkened until they were black at the very bottom.
Dean had to shove Sam out of the room. He pulled the door shut and levelled a glare at his idiot brother.
Faith and Jane bonded as they shared life stories and discovered they were quite compatible as friends.
“Still no talent for sarcasm, Dean,” Gabriel decided. He touched the doorframe with one hand and Meg’s shoulder with the other.
“It was a logical conclusion,” Castiel complained, “Lucifer made his hatred of humans known; Michael was supposed to look after humanity.”
Castiel leaned back unsteadily, “Connecting with the Grace in your soul might increase the rate of recharge.”
“I hate the idea that I’m shallow enough to treat you differently as a guy,” Dean admitted, “But, maybe, that’s just me; shallow, small-minded and human.”
When he didn’t respond, she dragged his head back with a fist in his hair. She pressed the point of the blade under his chin.
Dean had ripped the stupid sign and stomped on it for emphasis. He had taken to pacing around the room in the absence of anything else to do.
Castiel reached for the nearest bottle. A short chain linked the bands around each wrist, in a similar design to the restraints attached to Faith.
“How long should I wait before I drop in on your dreams?” Lucifer asked, “I remember taking months to connect, due to your shitty sleeping patterns.”
“Good,” Gabriel chirped, “Because you’re annoying when you’re depressed. Lucifer will try to use that against you, so shove him in your mind-box when you get glum.”
Kevin barely said ‘hello’ before he locked himself in a room with half of the Demon tablet and his research. Linda was more sociable, and she was very interested in learning about Nephilims, Dhampirs and Angels.
“Still not used to that,” Dean said without thinking. The wingtip pulled away sharply to hide behind Castiel’s shoulder.
Cas dropped he last of her clothes into a messy pile on the floor, lifted the blanket and slid into the bed.
Gabriel never explained why he had stood against Michael to defend them. His only comment afterwards had been ‘You owe me’.
“The man in the photo is my father; mother had a picture, but he used a different name,” Jane said quietly.
“Indirectly,” Michael agreed, “All the Angels who shared Grace with you tried to rebel with you. Most were killed by Father’s orders.”
“Good idea,” Castiel said heavily as he stood up with some help, “While this intoxicated, the human male might not have the capacity to -”
Sam stared at the papers spread across the tabletop with dawning horror. The disbelief finally dissolved, and he struggled to breathe.
“Referring to you as his ‘bunk-buddy’ was the closest he could get to admitting he was grateful for your company.”
Faith felt very uncomfortable in the tight clothing, right up until Sam looked up and forgot how to breathe. She was pleased that he found her attractive, as she was constantly fighting the urge to make a blatant move on the man.
Castiel hesitated. His offer of comfort had only increased the stress he wanted to alleviate. He was comfortable existing as energy, but it had to be disorienting for Dean.
“Or it could be Chuck declaring that pineapple of a pizza is a sin,” Dean joked. He craned his neck toward the kitchen with blatant curiosity.
Gabriel sensed Castiel begin to shake off the shackles of unconsciousness. He watched his brother closely for any movement. He was not surprised that the first evidence of Castiel awakening was the grip tightening around Dean’s hand.
Lightning flashed, even though there were no storm clouds in the sky. The flash of wings behind Dean silenced everyone in the area.
“Those who live without hurting humans can remain; I’ll probably assign an Angel to monitor each species.”
“He did what he had to,” Castiel said mockingly, “And he learned about humans while the rest of us were not allowed to interact with them.”
Blue eyes flicked to the wall behind Dean, and the Hunter recognised the shyness before the bond confirmed it.
“He’s going to need a lot of help,” Gabriel said seriously, “I’m trusting you two to take care of him.”
“Or I could alter the Angel-Vessel dynamic in you two, in favour of the vessel. Once consent is given, the Vessel can overpower the Angel and isolate him at will.”
“I taught you how to fly,” Michael said sadly, “When you tried to follow Lucifer and Gabriel, you landed hard enough to damage your wings. Raphael healed you and hugged you until you were ready to fly again. Heaven was full of laughter, song and happiness. We were happy, until humans evolved.”
“I left the Apocalypse thing to play out to see what would happen,” Chuck admitted easily, “I am still impressed that you were able to stop it.”
“Castiel is dying,” Gabriel said simply, “By the time I left the previous timeline, he had a handful of years left. He was destined for a long, slow, excruciating death because his soulmate won’t accept the bond!”
Sam returned in time to see Faith collapse sideways onto the couch. Dean was close enough to catch her, but he let her fall.
“God doesn’t want you dead, obviously,” Gabriel said, “He’s quite happy for you to remain King of Hell.”
“Stop worrying, Castiel,” Gabriel soothed, “Think of everything you can learn from Dean; the sexual experiences alone -”
“Castiel needs to be fully informed,” Jane specified, “You tell him about changing his vessel; any risk of Heaven grabbing him when the cuffs come off and his slow death. You don’t force him to do anything.”
“Your choice,” Dean said with a shrug, “Though the urge to punch Dad in the face might be irresistible.”
“They reflect my emotional state,” Cas explained as he reached forward to place his hands on the Hunter’s shoulders, “I am feeling rather possessive at the moment.”
“Give them a minute,” Faith said, with enough command in her voice to ensure Dean didn’t give chase.
Instead of following his brother, Sam was frozen in the hall, staring at Faith. He didn’t want to leave, and he felt stupid for being so clingy.
Jane liked exercising her powers for more than hiding. It was liberating to interact with Faith, as the other woman really knew what she was. It was exhilarating to have a friend.
Faith held out her arms to look at the restraints closely. They were carved with symbols she recognised yet never knew their meaning.
Gabriel laughed aloud, which drew a confused glance from Faith. Sam remained oblivious; he had his head resting in his mate’s lap, so he didn’t care what anyone else was doing.
“You’re lucky I’m an Angel,” Balthazar grumbled as he pulled her through the hole, “You’re not light.”
“Dean; your self-esteem is through the floor because of your upbringing,” Gabriel pointed out, “You are basically suffering from Stockholm Syndrome at this point.”
Sam picked up a handful of sand and let the grains trickly between his fingers. Chuck sat down next to the Hunter and waited patiently.
Faith felt Sam pull away and fall back against the padded mat. She could see the apology before he made a sound.
“What’s the next step, Daddyo?” Gabriel asked with false nonchalance, “I doubt you stopped by just to keep Dean from complaining, even if it would take an act of God to do that.”
“Feathers started changing colours,” Michael admitted, “Naomi’s are now a sickly-green shade. Others in the Intelligence unit were also affected, to a lesser degree.”
“He is telling the truth,” Castiel confirmed, “He shared some memories of the future and his Grace has a small temporal disturbance.”
“Watching Dean and Sam sleep made me curious,” Castiel admitted, “I never realized how overwhelming dreams can be.”
Gabriel watched Faith interact with the brothers in the Library to keep himself entertained. He quickly developed what Sam labelled a ‘shit-eating grin’.
“You allowed Naomi to cut into my brain because I had a different opinion,” Castiel hissed, “I can’t remember a time when we were really a family; Dean and Sam mean more to me than any Angel.”
Castiel stood up calmly and glanced between the brothers, “Can I rest now? Or should I wait until Gabriel returns to referee?”
“You seem preoccupied with such thoughts, Meg,” Castiel observed, “Gabriel seems to suffer from a similar problem.”
“Dean, you don’t seem to realize I am not susceptible to the corruption of power,” Chuck said flatly, “The Angels will help me, any human who asks for protection will be offered a place in a protected compound, and those who wish to remain outside can do so. Humans have had the opportunity to manage the Earth, and they’ve done a poor job of it in the last century. I’ve had a good holiday, and now I’m back.”
Gabriel remained invisible as he watched the drama unfold. He was surprised that Castiel had finally spoken up; emotional turmoil had increased his bravery.
“Good. Now, Castiel is still panicking over the soul-Grace thing,” Faith sat at the foot of the bed as though she visited he room regularly, “Apparently, no Angel has ever fully bonded with a human before; when he rebelled against Heaven, he knew it was a death sentence.”
Gabriel grinned at the Hunter and winked. Sam rolled his eyes, knowing that his thoughts were as visible as a billboard.
“It is when a person holds two or more contradictory beliefs, leading to psychological stress. Dean knows there is something much more than friendship in his bond with you, but he also knows he is not sexually attracted to men. He wants you, not your vessel,” Gabriel explained gently.
Dean noted the silent communication between the Angel comfortable slumped against him and her trusted sibling. The dynamic between the two of them was as multi-layered as his relationship with Sam.
“It was proving that humanity is flawed; which was obvious to everyone, but you were the only one stupid enough to point it out,” Gabriel corrected.
“Hello Jane. I’m surprised you didn’t run away from my loud-mouth brother,” Castiel said with his particular brand of honesty.
“Which is why Gabriel set up the beds like this,” Sam said with a sigh, “I wish he would watch tv or read a book when he’s bored.”
Though Sam complained that pancakes were a breakfast staple, Gabriel ignored him. While the evening movie played, Lucifer learned how to eat pancakes without making a mess.
A wave of dizziness washed over Dean. He hunched forward and opened his eyes when the glow had faded completely.
Dean watched Cas roll away from him and stand up. His tired brain struggled to comprehend what he was seeing. When Cas was wearing only lacy, black underwear (the bra had been chosen for comfort and Gabriel had made sure the colour still matched) he managed to splutter, “Why are you undressing?”
Gadreel supported Lucifer long enough to prevent him from falling while he moved toward the bleeding mortal.
Faith sat cross-legged next to Castiel while Samandriel and Adam were curled up together on the other side of Gabriel.
Sam headed back to the bunker, his thoughts on all types of creatures who could live peacefully alongside humans.
“I gave you eighteen months of memories,” he said to Sam, “Are you ready for another two years’ worth?”
Dean left the car with quick, decisive movements. He was running by the time he reached the door leading to the rest of the bunker.
“Some are; my Flock have suffered, and their souls still remain pure,” Gabriel argued, “And I think you’re jealous.”
“Hold the light over here,” Sam instructed as he juggled the keys. The machete was forgotten in the storeroom.
Dean was trying not to react to the hand Cas had slipped under his shirt when he and Sam both hissed in pain.
Dean was trying to come up with a way to wipe the smug smile off Gabriel’s face when Cas returned from the bathroom. The expression on the face of the Angel was unusual; Dean wasn’t sure it he was amused or embarrassed.
Dean left the flashlight in the storeroom and held the machete loosely behind his thigh. Sam began reading when he returned.
He recalled the decision to remove his Grace to become human and decided he was an idiot who deserved his fate. The memory of being duped by Metatron made him want to vomit more than the hangover.
Dean felt a strange urge to join the group, but years of actively suppressing his feeling to maintain a tough exterior held him back.
“My sister Castiel is about to make her entrance,” Gabriel declared dramatically, “I expect Dean is already thinking of proposing.”
“Faith has given me some interesting advice,” Castiel said casually as he stepped well into Dean’s personal space.
Castiel was equally fascinated and concerned that she was feeling irrational anger at whoever was at the door simply because she had enjoyed cuddling Dean.
Dean’s hand squeezed tightly as he processed the implication of Castiel’s statement, “You saw me torturing souls?”
The glare Dean aimed at his brother prevented the teasing Sam wanted to start. Castiel winked at him.
Balthazar emitted a growling noise which made Gabriel laugh. Jane reached out to rest one hand on her mate’s knee.
“I watched you take the Black Death in the fourteenth century and use it to enslave the whole planet; you tried it again in the seventeenth century,” Chuck cried, “It breaks my heart watching you die, but seeing you turn into a monster is even worse.”
“From what I saw, your intentions were good, and she was an excellent manipulator,” Faith said thoughtfully, “She reminded me of Joe.”
Dean was unsettled to realize he was feeling envious of the way Cas had his forehead close to Gabriel’s face, and Samandriel was sandwiched between them.
Dean felt the moment Cas took control of Faith’s body. The increased awareness of the Angel was concerning, yet oddly comforting.
“Couldn’t you destroy all the Demons?” the interviewer asked shakily. Her hair was messier than usual, which made sense.
Castiel had no choice but to sit back and do nothing. The moment Chuck threatened Dean, his course was fixed.
“Time-travel? Another Angel? Are you sure we’re not all in an asylum?” she was not completely joking. Insanity made more sense than the craziness her life had descended into.
“Sam, the Cage would have sent you into madness within a month. The fact that you got your memories back and all that was left of the trauma was a mouthy Devil who couldn’t even touch you is evidence that I protected you in there.”
After dinner, Dean joked that they were anti-Hunters; finding monsters to offer them a safe space to live. The new people who were staying in the bunker until the defences were in place were already asleep; getting up at dawn did not lead to late-night movie binging.
For a full minute, Grace streamed into Sam. Finally, Chuck healed the wound on Lucifer’s throat and slid a hand under his son’s elbow to assist him to remain upright.
The ball of Grace seemed to collapse in on itself, extinguishing the painful glow in favour of a human shape.
Castiel was relieved that occupying Faith’s body was not as stressful as the experience had been with Dean. Like the time with Jimmy, his Grace remained separate from the human soul with little effort.
Sam waited until Chuck was preparing to leave with his two eldest sons to step forward abruptly, drawing their attention.
Gabriel could feel the approach of something huge. Dread began to grow in the pit of his stomach. He didn’t realize he was searching for his Flock telepathically until Castiel’s voice sounded in his head, enquiring why he was worried.
Faith had a faint awareness of his physical presence, though there was no urge to seek him out. Sam remained at the forefront of her thoughts; it was as if her body was stating a clear preference.
A small cough heralded the successful application of the counter-spell. Wavy brown hair swayed, and a pair of deep blue eyes peered up at the two Hunters.
The Grace slid out of the wound and settled into the small container the Archangel held. Castiel kept his eyes squeezed shut and his jaw clenched tightly against the pain.
“That could be my life motto,” Dean offered sadly, “What about Matthias and the other dick Angels you had to kill?”
Sam was the first to notice the abrupt change in the Archangel. He tightened his hold on Faith when Gabriel sat up straight and dug his fingers into the fabric of the cushions.
Gabriel ran one hand through Sam’s hair, “Apathy is better than the anger which has been driving you, Luci.”
“I wouldn’t believe you, even if you said the sky was blue,” Dean replied, sounding bored, “You fully awake, Sammy? This chick is annoying.”
“Is the movie still enjoyable now that you know what the velociraptors really look like?” Castiel asked curiously.
“Try not to hurt yourself, Doofus,” Gabriel advised dryly, “Castiel is going to reabsorb his Grace, leave his vessel and temporarily occupy Faith. You are not going to interfere, correct?”
“Gabriel; I trust you to let us know if we should be undermining whatever Father has planned. I also know my judgement has been unreliable in the past and in the future we’re trying to avert.”
Gabriel snapped his fingers, while his gaze remained fixed on the television. The door reappeared, so Dean grudgingly thanked the Archangel.
Gabriel checked on Sam, who was still unconscious. The Archangel used his powers to seal his Flock-mate into a deep, healing coma.
“I just need time and space to decode the Demon tablet,” Kevin said firmly, “I don’t want Crowley to get away with killing Channing.”
“Why is Gadreel here?” Sam asked, having failed to find a way to ask the question without sounding rude.
Castiel kept his free hand on Dean’s knee as he ate. He enjoyed the taste of some of the foods, but not enough to give up the contact. They had also discovered that their telepathy was more effective when they were touching each other, even though clothing.
Faith began pacing in a loose circle around Gabriel. She had been given the short version of what a Nephilim was, but hearing that an Archangel feared the creature only increased her anxiety. Before, she had thought she was going to die. Now, she was sure they were both going to die. She was still silently wondering if she should flee in terror when a familiar face caught her eye.
Sam was investigating the pool table when Faith returned. He was only sure she was in the drivers’ seat when she hugged him.
“Lucifer,” Gabriel sighed, “The few who joined his Flock died trying to defend him. I suspect Naomi had a hand in thwarting any potential Flocks; emotions were smothered after The Fall.”
Gadreel didn’t realize how closely he was leaning in to observe his brother until a pair of blue eyes were suddenly revealed.
“Gross,” Sam decided, pushing his food away, “For the records, I don’t ever want to hear about anyone’s sex life; not even my own.”
Faith couldn’t suppress the silly smile which spread across her face, “Don’t tell Dean that; he’ll stash Sam somewhere and I’ll never see him again.”
Once Meg was engrossed and sitting between Dean and Faith, Sam nodded to Gabriel that he was ready to travel.
Faith felt the moment Sam began the trip back to the bunker. Something tense deep in her chest shifted, and as the hours passed, she could feel the pressure lessening.
Faith missed Sam as soon as he disappeared and took comfort in the warmth radiating from Castiel. The enjoyment the Angel experienced from simply being near Dean was adorable.
“I’m not talking about your idiotic rebellion,” Gabriel clarified with a snort, “I’m talking about you; my big brother who practically raised me and is now under the control of a creature he considers no more evolved than an insect.”
Dean smirked, “That’s a conversation we are going to explore one day. I actually meant my time in Hell, not sexcapades.”
Lucifer tilted his head thoughtfully, “I had to keep your attention once your body was removed from the Cage, so it didn’t drive you insane. Your hallucination probably reflected that.”
Sam realized their captive was on the verge of tears. The trembling lip and rapid blinking were obvious even to Dean, who shuffled his weight from one foot to another. Crying women unnerved him more than any monster.
Sam visibly relaxed, which made Gabriel chuckle, “Now, do you understand why I killed him so many times?”
Castiel watched Dean approach a carnivore lying in wait in the ferns. He had to remind himself that the Hunter wasn’t in any danger.
“You’re a lot faster and stronger than I expected,” Sam admitted, taking the opportunity to rest on the mat.
“Well, taking out rapists and other sickos is good; why can’t you take out the rotten parts that drive them to be assholes?”
Cas nodded, not caring what clothes he would wear. Dean fetched some more supplies, which he dumped on the end of the bed.
By the time the Impala was approaching the bunker, Sam and Charlie were quite aware that Dean was struggling.
“Damn; not what I was hoping to hear,” Crowley sighed, “There’s a betting pool in Hell around you two hooking up. Those books prompted a lot of bets when they went online.”
“I would have killed more,” Gabriel offered unhelpfully, “I would have slaughtered those who refused to take a side, too.”
Faith grabbed Sam by the arm and led him out of the room. Jane cast a worried glance at Cas before she left too.
“Dean, this is your bed,” Castiel pointed out, “You can sit up here; I’ll move if my proximity makes you uncomfortable.”
Dean growled and the chains rattled as he threw him bodyweight forward in a failed lunge, “Another crazy bitch,” he spat.
Matthias waved a hand and a gag silenced Dean. He made some incomprehensible noises and struggled against his restraints.
Castiel had trouble tearing her attention away from Dean, which was a familiar dilemma. She turned toward Faith and ignored Gabriel’s teasing about a ‘female bonding moment’.
Through Faith’s eyes, Castiel observed the tension in Dean’s posture. He was also aware of the increased intensity of the bond between them. He suspected that even the carvings on the ribs of the Hunter would not hide the awareness the Angel was feeling.
“While I’m babysitting the boys, I have another task to take care of. Faith, have you ever been to California?”
Dean saw the shift in expression a moment before Castiel reached for him. The smirk on the feminine face was unmistakably Castiel.
“My children tore into each other viciously, but the Cage would not let anyone die. When they exhausted themselves, they retreated to opposite corners to recover. Michael was furious with you, but Lucifer wouldn’t let him harm you,” Chuck continued, “He was also angry, but grateful that he was not alone in his incarceration.”
Faith remained slumped against the arm of the three-seater couch Gabriel had conjured out of thin air. It was extremely comfortable and perfectly positioned to view the huge television screen which had also been provided by Gabriel.
“She’s covered in a layer of dust,” Sam called to Dean, “The Sleep Spell has definitely held. One of the other keys might -”
“Luci is taunting Mike; he still loves the sound of his own voice,” Gabriel continued, his words speeding up, “Michael lunges; it’s slapping and hair-pulling all around. Sammy won’t stand for bald-patches, so he takes control long enough to flip Mike on his back.”
“Yes, though it was only a transfer of energy rather than the Grace itself, so it is a manageable level of pain,” Gabriel replied, “I should be back to full power by tomorrow.”
Once the inventory was fully recorded, sorted and filed away, Castiel realized he needed something else to occupy his mind.
As he resettled, Dean locked his eyes on his brother to search for signs of injuries. He ignored the way the Angel held him close, and the black wings enveloped him again.
Sam began to argue, but Faith spoke over him, “I’m faster than both of you, and I can fit through a smaller hole. More aside.”
Sam sat down on the bed and shifted to the backs of his knees were pressed against the edge of the mattress. Faith watched him roll back the sleeve of his left arm to bare his forearm.
“I’ve been ‘at risk’ for years,” Castiel said as he turned back to face Dean, “You just enjoy teasing us.”
“I bet my feathers that Castiel is as bad as me,” Balthazar teased, “He just needs the right temptation.”
Dean left Cas to shower in peace while he organised breakfast. He considered a greasy meal to see if he could make Cas throw up, only to have Gabriel glare at him from across the room.
“I’m not sure,” Samandriel admitted, “I am attuned to his emotions, so I am certain he is not distressed.”
Faith would abide by any decision Sam made, and she warned Gabriel that she wanted to know what was really written on the missing pages of the Dhampir book.
“Angels don’t usually feel the need to bond with a human soul,” Castiel said, sounding ashamed, “Naomi said there was always something broken in me.”
Chuck withdrew his hand and offered a weary smile, “Isn’t it ironic that you hated humanity, yet their study of psychology led me to realize your lack of empathy was due to the Mark?”
Faith wiggled her eyebrows at Asmodeus, “What do you have in mind? Some hurts just add to the pleasure.”
“Are there monsters we can hunt?” Dean offered, “We’ll stay out of your eugenics plans, but I can’t sit here and paint my nails.”
“You should have just killed me,” Lucifer muttered. He didn’t realize he had spoken aloud until Chuck replied;
The waitress who approached seemed perfectly normal; there was no outward sign that she was half-Angel and capable of ripping her spine out through her mouth.
Sam fell silent while Gabriel communicated with Castiel and left the bunker at a run. He used his Grace to make himself invisible to all except God and Amara.
Faith stared at the Archangel for a few seconds before laughter erupted from her throat. Multiple pairs of eyes were fixed on the Dhampir as she dissolved into uncontrollable giggles.
“I was looking down that barrel when I found out I broke the first seal on Lucifer’s cage,” Dean argued, “I got off my ass and fought back. Now it’s your turn.”
Castiel reached up to touch the bottle which contained his Grace instinctively. It was under his shirt, so Faith should not have been able to see it.
Sam expected the floor to slam into his aching head, but a pair of strong hands caught him. The small, feminine body should not have been capable of hoisting him back into the chair.
Gabriel forced him to eat, sleep and keep his human body functioning, and only let him miss one movie.
Dean glanced down at the calm being beside him. Cas was correct in his assumption that self-esteem was a significant factor in his mind. He couldn’t wrap his head around the idea that an Angel loved him.
“I’ll fix anything you break,” Gabriel offered. He knew Dean would throw a tantrum if his windshield-wipers were broken by the backside of an Angel.
“Emotions do explain much of the odd behaviour I have observed in the past; except Golf,” Cas said thoughtfully.
Dean felt Cas move his hand from his neck down to his shoulder. As the firm fingers trailed down to his chest, Dean opened his eyes.
Though Dean was watching the movie, Michael stared at his Fallen brother in the Hunter’s peripheral vision.
“The Bible has always confused me, too,” Cas added, “So much is just rubbish; God never cared if humans preferred their own gender and he liked cats – it never mentioned that at all.”
Faith reached out to squeeze his knee through the blanket, “A bunch of reasons; mainly I’m curious and hope we can be friends.”
“Even God was impressed by the amount of porn on Dean’s laptop, so expect to see lots of self-abuse.”
“I need you to be on suicide watch while I babysit the Winchester brothers; they are trouble-magnets at the best of times.”
Crowley studied Dean and Castiel intently. The Hunter pulled a cross-eyes face to throw off whatever the Demon was thinking.
“It’s not really thwarted,” Gabriel corrected, “It’s still there, unchanged; this one branched off.”
Gabriel felt the surge of fury from Sam before the Hunter stomped out of sight. He was impressed that Lucifer wasn’t left with a black eye or swollen jaw.
Jane had seen Faith holding Castiel’s hand while he was unresponsive, so she was curious to know if the Dhampir was interested in the former Angel for more than friendship. Having a friend to discuss personal issues with was an exciting prospect.
Faith rolled her eyes, “Castiel prefers to remain in contact with you. Sam thinks you would not be receptive to cuddling.”
The concern which flowed from Dean was hard to describe. Castiel felt the emotion while images flashed through his mind.
The original group had squabbled over the choice of movie, so a rotating roster was put in place. Balthazar wore a smug smile, and it was his turn to choose.
Balthazar tilted his head thoughtfully, “More like, it would encourage our Grace to fix any damage. On Earth, that means repairing feathers, for the most part.”
The warmth encased him, leaving no possible escape. Dean fought off a moment of panic through sheer willpower.
Samandriel sipped the orange juice which Gabriel insisted he taste, “Could you make sure whoever is in charge of Heaven knows that, please?” he requested softly, “Michael became quite distant and would have destroyed everything trying to follow orders.”
Balthazar understood the ethical crisis occurring within his best friend, though he was powerless to help. He remained close to Castiel and hoped his friend had enough sense to keep his opinions to himself. When that idea failed miserably, he resigned himself to sharing Castiel’s fate.
“Well, they’re here,” Castiel said wearily, tapping his temple, “All the way back to when I argued against Lucifer being punished for having an opinion. I didn’t realize I was the first Angel tortured into submission. Falling in love with a human seems like a fitting middle finger to Heaven.”
Jane watched the former Angel as he ate the first bite. She understood why Faith wanted to get to know he; he was quite strange.
Lucifer shrugged, “He’s mine. I don’t know why I want to be around him, but the idea of him doing anything with you makes me want to hit you.”
Michael ignored the irritation evoked by the reminder than he was at Dean’s mercy, and he wasn’t sure how to comfort Lucifer anyway.
The strength the Angel used to swing him to the side caught the Hunter unaware and an unmanly yelp left his mouth when his back hit the wall.
“Six years from now, I died,” Gabriel said theatrically, “I sent my memories back in time to alter the evens. This was the optimum time to change the past without ripping apart the very fabric of the space-time continuum.”
Sam could feel Lucifer’s Grace, too. It felt like a ball of fire hovering around the box where the Archangel was contained.
Faith rubbed the skin which had been irritated by the cuffs. She knew she would heal in minutes, but pain was still annoying.
The bond between Dean and Castiel was complete, which pleased Chuck. He had a handful of Angels who were interested in volunteering to find a human mate if Castiel set a good example.
“Castiel seems to be coping well,” Faith said with an encouraging smile, “Though, you do need a shave; unless you prefer the scruffy look?”
Dean ate dinner casually while he fed the stream of memories into the box. Feeling the rising agitation in response was oddly satisfying.
“Father duplicated Martin’s body for me,” Inias explained nervously, “He was only fifteen last year, which seemed too young, so I possessed his uncle instead.”
Matthias twirled the Angel blade as she approached the mouthy Hunter. She could hear Castiel struggling against his restraints.
Dean stared at the calm expression on the face the Angel was wearing, “So all the dick Angels were hiding behind a Grace-shield?”
Chuck glanced between the two of them, “Until your bond is complete, it would be dangerous to hunt anything.”
“That’s why you were gathering allies,” Dean realized, “Maybe we should hide as many people as possible in Oz.”
“Exactly; I’ll be interested to see how you and Dean adjust to unforeseen changes. If you don’t bond with Dean, another Angel might find they are rather compatible with the Righteous Man, too.”
Castiel’s hands clenched into fists and he squeezed his eyes shut, “If you’re going to cut them off, just do it,” he growled.
Lucifer shook his head, clearly distressed, “Gabriel; I’ve never even experienced sex. I don’t know how to fix this.”
Dean eyed the Angel warily, “It sounds friggin’ agonising. I’d be seriously pissed if my junk disappeared.”
Control of Sam’s body shifted abruptly to Lucifer. He slumped against the couch while something akin to panic crested inside him.
A different type of confrontation was brewing between the Winchester brothers. Faith tried to give them space, but her hearing picked up every word.
Castiel felt the missing part of his Grace slip into place easily. He was startled to realize Dean’s soul was so tightly bound around the fragment that it followed.
“He means it,” Dean confirmed, “All sorts of mushy thoughts are swirling around in there. Angels really need to learn how to beat the crap out of each other, hug and then get drunk together. I swear, most of your civil wars and stuff would have been avoided.”
“I only accepted to repay Gabriel for saving my life,” Castiel said blandly to Dean, “I have no interest in having a slave or a Pet.”
Dean was having so much fun that he didn’t realize how draining the experience was for Cas until the Angel stumbled and dropped to his knees with a groan.
“They’ll be fine,” Lucifer grunted, “Dean will have to let Michael off his chain to get back, though.”
Sam waved a folder at his brother, “This file is marked as ‘Active’! In 1958 a prisoner was put in an enchanted sleep and left there.”
Sam was back in control a moment later. Lucifer sulked in his mind, replaying Faith’s words to himself. He hated being parted from his Grace; everything felt more intense, and not in a good way.
Gabriel shrugged, “I’m not sure. I suspect he wants to be able to step back and watch rather than actively meddle. He knows that Angels are too far removed from humans to value their existence, and that is a major risk. If the bond between you two is completed and remains healthy, he could advise the rest of the Angels to find a human soul to bond with. Then, he could be an occasional observer and not have to worry about the world ending.”
“In a few hours, this vessel will be female,” Castiel reminded the Hunter, “If you are still uncomfortable, I will have to assume you are ill-at-ease with me in particular.”
When Castiel snapped out of his trance and stretched out on the bed again, Dean was waiting expectantly.
Gabriel had updated the Winchester’s memories to the point of Dean becoming a Demon before they left. The only person who still needed to know more details about the previous timeline was Castiel.
“I can sense where it’s safe to bite, now that I have experience,” Faith said quietly, “But if I do kill him, you have my blessing to take me out.”
Dean held Faith’s gaze for a few long moments before he offered a short nod, “I can work with that.”
“Too slow, old man,” Faith laughed as she avoided his hands, “If I win again, I’m going to give you my version of a hickey.”
Dean responded with an aggressive retort which was muffled by the gag. Considering the tone, Sam was almost glad Dean was prevented from speaking.
“I resurrected some of the alternate Universes Chuck made,” Jack explained, “There was one where Gabriel was sent back to change thing, which Amara liked.”
Gadreel surveyed the area dispassionately. There were a handful of human bodies scattered around haphazardly and the smell of evil burned his nose.
Lucifer could read the hesitation on Sam’s face and reminded himself that the Hunter was a human, so he shouldn’t be annoyed that a conversation could overwhelm him.
Faith had developed a strong distrust of men since Joe had betrayed her. The Men of Letters had only intensified the feeling. She wanted to trust Sam, but experience had taught her to expect betrayal.
“They are; I’m over twenty-five years old and I still make lots of mistakes. You’ve been human for a day, and those memories show me you were basically an emotionless ass when you first met Dean.”
Kevin called with information on the Demon tablet around noon. Sam and Dean decided to go see Kevin to try to convince him to move to the bunker.
“I want to change your vessel to a female. I want you to reabsorb your Grace and take Faith as a temporary vessel. If something goes wrong -”
“No need; I helped to create it. When souls die there, they either go to Heaven or Hell,” Michael explained.
The first time Sam landed on his back Faith wore a happy smile. By the fourth time, it was a cheeky smirk.
The growl which erupted from Faith sent a strange tingle through Sam. He moved to restrain the Dhampir a moment before she attempted to lunge at Dean.
“Nah, that constipated expression on your face when I talk about your brothers’ sex life is far too entertaining,” Gabriel laughed.
“Yes, they are. The combination of empathy and ruthlessness is nicely balanced in each of the Winchesters; even when Sam leans toward empathy and Dean leans away, they listen to each other. I would also prefer your Grace to be fully bonded to Dean’s soul as soon as possible,” Chuck added.
Dean could feel his heart thudding as the adrenalin surged through his body. He reached out to grab Castiel’s wrist in a tight grip. The nightmare was one he had experienced many times, and his friend had saved him before the Demon could touch him.
“I will need to train him and Michael before I leave,” Chuck continued, noting how the Angels stared at their respective plates, “And leaving Adam under Michael’s control for much longer would be quite traumatic for Adam.”
Balthazar couldn’t see the wings of the Archangel, but he could feel the way one settled over him to offer comfort. His Grace slid under Gabriel’s like a cat seeking affection.
Lucifer glared at Gabriel, the red glow in his eyes fading, “He accused Sam of lying! That memory is quite clear; Sam hesitated, until that voicemail infuriated him.”
Footsteps in the hall distracted Faith from the book. She wasn’t familiar enough with the inhabitants of the bunker to predict who was approaching.
“One thing I know for sure; if this doesn’t work, He’s going to interfere when Sam opens the cage by stopping the rings from working,” Gabriel said tightly.
“So, figure out a way to stop him; stuff him in the Cage or rip out his Grace and send him to Earth as a human.”
Castiel heard Dean’s voice break with emotion. He ran the pad of his thumb along Dean’s hand, knowing words were inadequate.
5 - If you're too shy to comment, but you enjoyed the story, leave me a :) . I love knowing my work is appreciated.
“You hurt Cas, you bastard!” Dean growled. Gabriel shoved him back against the car and brushed imaginary lint off his clothing.
Balthazar and Jane ripped at the hole until it was wide enough for Faith to slip through comfortably.
Dean hoped she wouldn’t notice the way his heart rate sped up when she was close. He sternly told himself that Cas was
Sam and Dean shared a strategic glance before joining Gabriel at the map-table. They deliberately sat on either side of Cas, who was pale and staring at the tabletop.
“You dragged me out of Hell; she had no reason to bite Sammy!” Dean insisted, “Could you get off me, Cas?”
Castiel pushed himself up into a sitting position and moved back to lean against the headboard. He realized that his trench coat was folded at the foot of the bed.
“That’s easier to explain,” Gabriel offered as he headed toward the door, “Dean matched Michael and you survived the crap Azazel put you through. If Dean hadn’t sold his soul to bring you back, Jake would have been Lucifer’s vessel and his sibling would have hosted Michael.”
Dean eyed the two large fangs suspiciously. He put himself between his brother and the Dhampir purely out of instinct.
“Lucifer could not stop you from feeling his emotions and was shocked when you tried to comfort him,” Chuck added with a sad smile.
“I am not surprised; the truly arrogant assume that they are correct and label everything else as wrong to cling to their own small-minded views,” Chuck replied easily, “Most are angry that they don’t have more than a handful of fertile adults left under their influence. My Angels have answered the prayers of the chosen by relocating them to the safe-zones, along with their children.”
“So predictable,” Gabriel sighed, “Sammy needs to focus on work, so he doesn’t think of his Dhampir cuddled up next to Castiel.”
“So naïve,” Gabriel sighed, “You forget; I can see human souls and Angel Grace as easily as you see colours. That handprint on Dean’s shoulder is burned on his very soul. Only Castiel could pull Dean out of Hell because they are made for each other. Castiel took the tattered shreds of your brothers’ soul and stitched them back together with his own Grace. They are bound together.”
“I would have access to all your memories, thoughts and dreams,” Castiel warned in a trembling voice, “And I suspect you would have access to mine.”
“No, thank-you,” Gabriel decided, “There are far more pleasant options available. I’m going to fetch Meg. If you’re going to have a tantrum, do so before we get back for dinner.”
Sam untied the rope and lifted it away from Faith. She startled him by surging to her feet and backing away until her back hit the wall, as far from the brothers as the chain would allow.
Gabriel realized. After thousands of years alone, he had recreated the camaraderie of Heaven. A slow smile crept across his face as he realized what he had again; a family.
Fear blossomed in her gut and raced to every cell in her body. She yanked herself away from the terrifying creature hiding under the mask of an ordinary man.
“Not yet. My penance in Purgatory was cut short, and this will suffice in the meantime,” Castiel explained, “How are Dean and Sam faring?”
“On a positive note,” Faith said with a smile, “Sam and I would like to be bonded together, if you’re still willing, Gabriel?”
“He made sure I am aware of serious threats in the near future, so I didn’t make the same mistakes,” Castiel explained, “I don’t agree with what he did, but I do understand why he did it.”
Gabriel swatted Lucifer over the back of the head, “When did you become a moron? Did you lose your common sense when you landed in the bloody Cage?”
Lucifer smiled, “Yep; he’s the sensible Archangel. Even I didn’t predict that when he tried to eat clouds.”
Dean sat to the right of the Archangel, with Castiel slouched against him, her body positioned in the V created by the Hunter’s legs. Dean had his hands around her torso and was polite enough not to let them wander.
“I’m Faith; nice to meet you,” she replied cheerily, “Why do you want Gabriel? I don’t think he likes Demons.”
Due to his awful sleeping patterns, Lucifer stretched out on the lounge in the early afternoon for some rest.
Gabriel winked suggestively and made some obnoxious kissing noises. Sam glanced between his brother and the woman he was falling for nervously.
Samandriel frowned at the loss of his closest snuggle-companion. He made an unhappy noise, so Gabriel pulled him closer with both arms.
Castiel turned her head to regard Gabriel with piercing eyes, “I will be eternally grateful that you stopped me from cooperating with Metatron. I cannot speak for the Winchesters, but I will abide by your decisions in this.”
“The truth hurts,” Gabriel replied breezily, “I’m beginning to understand why Luci is in such a bad mood all the time. Don’t blame me for pointing out what should be obvious.”
“We used to display our wings like butterflies, using our Grace to manifest the colours. Grace-sharing was between close friends, and some Angels even bonded in pairs. Lucifer changed that,” Michael explained, “Many of the Angels who shared Grace with him, rebelled with him and were killed. I didn’t want those ideas spreading further.”
Lucifer sighed, “Sometimes, I used pain to keep your attention. Weapons don’t really interest me, though; I prefer to be more hands-on. Even then, my heart wasn’t in it. Your link to me broadcasted your emotions, and they were not enjoyable.”
“With hindsight, it seems obvious that Heaven wanted to bring on the Apocalypse,” Castiel said sadly, “I deeply regret that Sam and Adam ended up in the Cage, and that Adam is still trapped there.”
“I mentioned Michael and Lucifer,” Chuck explained as he prodded at his plate of pancakes, “And implied they would be running Heaven in the future.”
“I’ve broken them into segments of time,” Gabriel explained, “I need to give you the complete set up to the Angels falling; you know the main points already.”
“Lucifer wrapped his Grace around your soul, which was a violation in itself. Whether he was trying to save you or force you to stay with him is something even he doesn’t know.”
“Yes! And they report every single human who is rendered sterile, or marked as fertile,” Gabriel moaned, “It’s like the worst call centre ever; so monotone and repetitive.”
“So, be good for Sam, alright? I’ve only known him for a few weeks and I’m, rather attached to him.”
Sam considered the idea thoughtfully. The idea of allowing a different version of himself to live without experiencing the Cage was rather tempting.
“No physical damage, I promise,” Balthazar replied condescendingly, “Your pet human needs some manners, Cassie.”
“The four of you need to have a chat and decide as a group,” Gabriel said, breaking the silence abruptly, “I’m sure I will be binding Faith’s soul to Sam’s soon. You’re all connected, so the vote has to be unanimous.”
Jane liked being alone, in small doses. Knowing Faith and Castiel were nearby was comforting, in a way she hadn’t expected. She was engrossed in book of warding sigils when the sound of footsteps alerted her to the presence of someone nearby. She glanced up to greet Faith or Castiel. The words died on her lips as Gabriel sauntered into view.
“No, thank-you. I deserve my punishment, and more,” Castiel said emphatically, “I can never undo the damage I inflicted on Heaven. I wanted to ask you to look after Dean and Sam, since I cannot.”
“Yes,” Castiel turned back toward her brother, “Asking Dean for intimate details about his sexual activities is akin to him asking to see your wings.”
“Castiel,” Balthazar said haughtily, “When I told you to get a piece of your favourite Winchester, this is not what I meant.”
Faith felt rather detached from the potential drama as Gabriel did something to allow the new Angel into the bunker. Jane winked at her reassuringly.
The wing flared up again, which prompted a smile from the Hunter. Encouraged, Castiel let his wing stretch over Dean like a blanket.
“And it is a real shame I can’t share those memories with my brother, so yours will have to do,” Gabriel replied easily, “Tell him you consent to hosting him and I’ll move the Angel cuffs.”
“I’m desperate,” Gabriel sighed, “The memories contained more than they should have; Chuck didn’t warn me that Castiel would recall every second of torture.”
Dean wasn’t sure how his mind turned to his mother; perhaps the smell of the pie triggered the memories of screaming, burning and fleeing with his baby brother clutched to his child-size chest. The images were sucked into the isolation box before he could banish them back to their corner.
“I’ve been helping Castiel to develop his flirting skills,” Faith giggled, “She might have scared Dean.”
“Bobby was in a wheelchair,” Sam recalled, “I feel awful suggesting this, but fixing the spinal damage without being asked might stop Bobby from shooting you.”
Gabriel sent up a prayer of gratitude when the Winchesters decided to explore the new part of the bunker that Faith had found. It gave the Archangel a brief respite while his brothers were distracted by the array of artefacts.
Lucifer rolled his eyes, “My Grace was cursed for disobeying, that’s why my yes glow red instead of blue. If I give my power to you, Father will anchor it to your soul. You would have regular, boring blue power.”
“Ten years is a short time to someone as old as the Universe,” Dean said worriedly, “Why didn’t you mention that you were dying?”
Gabriel shrugged, “That’s up to humans. Whatever happens, I’ll make sure you lot have food and whatever else you need. I already placed a set of stripper poles, complete with dancers.”
Castiel doubted he would ever fully understand humans. From above, they appeared to be simple creatures, but they had so many layers of complexity no Angel could comprehend until they took the time to interact on Earth for an extended period.
“Dean, I have observed humanity for thousands of years. I expect I’ve witnessed carnal acts which you couldn’t even imagine,” Castiel said casually.
Castiel nodded, “I was the only one who could recognise his soul and raise him before the Demons killed us both.”
A knock at the door interrupted his musings on how irritating it was that Gabriel had ignored his prayers for a full three days.
The laughter made Dean roll his eyes, but before he could form a witty reply, there was a hard thud at the front door.
Lucifer recalled the man who had thrown himself into Hell to save the world. It was a challenge to his vessel, a question of why he was no longer as strong.
Castiel had his own opinions regarding that period of time; Chuck should have stepped up well before Sam landed in the Cage.
Jane walked toward the Dhampir and the Archangel at a steady pace. She had been on guard against Angels for her entire life. While she was in the womb her mother had explained that she needed to hide from Angels and Demons, or she would be killed for existing. She had grown to maturity in less than a day and left the house with the Angel warding once she was sure she had finished growing.
Jane heard the conversation well before a regular human would have, and it made her halt immediately. She decided to allow Castiel to converse with Faith, as she had already alienated the former Angel when she had discovered he was responsible for her death in the previous timeline.
Gadreel had chosen to stay with the current timeline, and Lucifer had promised to free the alternate version of Gadreel from prison as soon as he could.
Castiel sensed that Dean was concerned that Sam would react badly to their entwined fingers. He observed the subtle interactions between the brothers and saw the moment Dean relaxed. Eons of observing humans had not prepared him properly to interact with them; the years since rescuing Dean from Hell were far more instructive.
“Quit drooling, Romeo,” Gabriel ordered, “I’ll let you out of here if you look after my little sister.”
Gabriel, Balthazar and Jane huddled together, as though they could remain safe through sheer proximity.
“I’ve always been drawn to Dean,” Castiel admitted quietly, “Something began on the day he was born, though I didn’t understand what it was until I retrieved his soul from Hell.”
Sam refrained from saying something rude, caught the free hand reaching for his neck and pinned her right hand to the bed. Moments later, the second handcuff was in place.
Sam woke up feeling extremely refreshed. It took him a few long moments to realize he was in a strange bed. He looked over at Faith, who was fully dressed and stretched out on a neatly made bed close by.
“Castiel gave a portion of his Grace to his soulmate. He will be in pain as long as his soulmate refuses to accept their bond,” Gabriel said with a sigh.
Adam moved forward to hug the Archangel who had been his companion for centuries. Michael patted the back of the man hugging him, glad that Dean had explained the meaning of the contact.
Castiel woke to the sensation of a hand wrapped around his morning erection. The low moan which escaped him was entirely involuntarily.
Gabriel flinched; a movement so slight that humans would not have noticed. Whatever the Archangel dreaded was linked to the Grace bonding.
Lucifer snorted with amusement, “I’m imagining your reaction if Satan dropped into a dream to talk about his feelings.”
Dean was pleasantly surprised each time he kissed Cas; a tingle of pleasure arced through his body, growing stronger with the bond. He recognised the warmth of arousal deep in his abdomen and was determined he would not push the Angel into anything beyond kissing.
“Heaven has not ‘decayed’!” Michael protested, “Once Father left, I had to alter how the garrisons were managed to prevent chaos!”
Gabriel nodded, “True. Unfortunately, without a vessel to put the warded cuffs on, he could be dragged back to Heaven for another round of torture. If they find out he has all his memories back, they will wipe his mind clean.”
“Sigils are on the underside of the floor,” Jane realized, “There’s something in there, but I can’t tell what.”
Faith kept the book on Dhampirs close by; she had read it cover to cover and had at least one question still to ask. She waited until Sam and Dean were packing the car to silently ask for Gabriel to come speak to her.
“So you don’t die of a broken heart!” Gabriel hissed, “In the previous timeline, you had a few years left, at most. If a vessel change will save your life, I’m going to do it.”
Sam sat next to Faith at the table. He had the laptop open to search for people she knew. From the downcast expression and slumped shoulders, the news was not good.
Dean let himself be distracted by Cas while the Archangels dealt with some ‘Pagan business’. He accepted the flimsy excuse that Sam needed moral support while he adjusted to his new powers.
“Held captive and tortured for nearly a year, but not dead; I did give you the highlights,” Gabriel clarified.
Dean loved the way he could still see Castiel in the female version of her vessel. Every time he looked at those blue eyes, he was amazed that an Angel could watch him with such devotion.
“Not really; Father made excuses and Michael nodded along like an idiot,” Lucifer grumbled, “I have a few days to ‘learn something’, or I die.”
“It’s good to see you, Dean,” Benny returned with a smile, “I wanted to make sure you and your brother were still alive; I should never have doubted you.”
Sam sat up abruptly, clinging to the idea. He was often worried that his ability to differentiate between reality and fantasy was irreversibly damaged. If there was a tiny chance this was not real, he was taking it.
“It’s rather intimate,” Gabriel admitted, “Don’t ask to see mine unless you plan to drop your pants first.”
“The Romans,” Castiel explained dismissively, “Modestly did not occur to humanity until much later.”
Chuck sat at the table in the library with his feet elevated. A laptop was open in front of him, showing a cat video and playing cheerful music.
“What about forcing those memories onto you?” Jane challenged, “You clearly said ‘no’ and he did it anyway.”
“Michael and Gabriel will make sure you don’t hurt anyone,” Chuck predicted, “Lucifer, I’ll be back in two days for the time-jump?”
“It’s my brother; and your brother slash sister, you perv!” Sam growled as he headed toward the room where Dorothy and the Wicked Witch were stored.
“I have healed your wounds,” Chuck said gently, “Would you like to go to Sanctuary? My Angels have already escorted your wife and children there.”
Lucifer appeared surprised, “Sure. That guy was annoying and had no style. Do you have dreams like that often?”
Sam halted abruptly when Faith came into view. Seeing her prompted the giddy feeling in his chest he was still becoming accustomed to feeling.
Gabriel felt the presence of his Father only when Chuck chose to allow it. He took a moment to watch the four celestial beings curled up together with a smile.
“That shows progress,” Castiel assured him, “Blindly believing you deserve power over others is quite dangerous.”
Chuck smiled, “Humans and their preoccupation with gender; that was an odd side-effect of evolution.”
“I can’t sleep in jeans,” Dean said defensively, “I’m not an Angel who can lie around comfortably in a bloody trench-coat.”
Lucifer hunched over the book, correctly guessing that Gabriel was tempted to steal it, “They don’t like me,” he muttered.
Faith smiled at the innocence which was visible in any vessel, “Sometimes it takes a while to find a comfortable bra; maybe Gabriel can provide a selection to choose from to see what feels right.”
Even Gabriel lent a hand, though Faith suspected he was spending time with his brother to alleviate his concerns.
“I wasn’t actually dead,” Gabriel explained as he led the way down the stairs, “Did Jane explain how you came back?”
Rowena and Meg returned from Oz less than a month after Lucifer departed, bringing news that Charlie had decided to stay with Dorothy to rebuild.
“Luci doesn’t want to wipe out humanity this time,” Gabriel revealed dramatically, “He wants to seduce your brother.”
