“Well, yeah, I don’t think you would even be able to come up with it if it wasn’t true, you’re not
He looked to his side, still trying not to look in Castiel’s general direction, and found the towels stacked up by the sink. He took another step into the bathroom to reach them, now standing back against the sink, towel in hand.
“Yes?” Joshua eyed the knife with apprehension.
“Well,” Cas pointed over Dean’s shoulder, “look”, he whispered. “That there is the Cassiopeia,” he traced the invisible lines between the stars, and Dean tried to follow along, trying to focus on really seeing the design, but it was really hard to concentrate with Cas so close to him. It was actually damn near impossible because it felt as if his entire body was itching to lean into Cas. He could feel his breath ghost over his neck, sending shivers down his spine. Every muscle in his body tensed up as he resisted the urge to just shift a little closer, to feel the warmth of Cas’s body against his, in the cold.
They talked about the angels until they heard John’s truck pull up in the driveway. They quickly changed the subject to Bobby's new car.
“Please?” Dean couldn’t give a fuck that he was pleading with an angel right now, all that mattered was his little brother. “He means everything to me.”
Which meant
“I figured you’d be hungry,” Cas held up the takeaway bag in his hand hoping it would diffuse Dean. He didn’t get why Dean was shouting. Had Dean noticed his flustered look while watching the movie? He had tried his best to keep his eyes on the screen and not look at Dean, afraid his eyes would give him away, dark with want. When his hand had reached out towards Dean of its own accord, he knew he had to get out of there. Dean’s sudden need for a shower had been the perfect excuse for him to go out and get some air. “I got us burgers and fries, from the place we went to in Welldale.”
Dean scrunched up to a seating position, inspecting his foot, obviously breathing through the pain. “Yeah, just peachy.”
“Yeah, well, I bet you bastards have a million reasons for whatever the hell you want” Dean didn’t know whether to believe Michael but he damn well knew he couldn’t show him any hesitation, or this conversation would be over before it even started, and he still hadn’t figured out what Castiel had wanted him to.
Almost everyone at the table started talking simultaneously.
“And we kinda-”
as Bobby had put it. And Dean wasn’t going to fight him on that, not if it meant getting to keep his secret a little longer.
Dean spent the rest of the afternoon, and early evening studying the blueprints Sam had left him. If they got Michael’s grace anytime soon, he’d have to know his way in, by heart.
Jo nodded, “yes of course,” her smile grew wider. “It was great meeting you, Cas.”
“Were you sent to torture me?” Dean guessed. That was the only sensible explanation. Heaven wanted Dean to tell them all the city’s secrets. “Because I can tell you right now! You’ve got the wrong guy. I won’t tell you fucking jack shit!”
Dean took a long drink from his beer while rain fell softly onto the porch roof. October’s chill was making him grateful for the alcohol in his system. Sam had repeatedly asked him to come inside. But despite the living room being warm because of the lit fireplace, Dean preferred the crisp outside breeze. Every now and then he caught a whiff of pines mixed with rain which weirdly enough always calmed him.
“You must think you have it all figured out, huh?” John spat at his son. “Your arrogance makes you weak, son. You have never been able to succeed on your own, you’re dependent and you can’t even stand the thought of being alone, that’s why you run away from your whole life here every chance you get, isn’t it? It’s why you turn your back on your own family, isn’t it?” John scoffed “Do you really think there’s any chance of a normal life for you out there? Can’t you see that every time you get close to anyone out there, you’re putting them in danger? And worse, you’re putting all of us in danger, don’t you care about this family?”
“You know as well as I do, brother, that Metatron has no interest in freeing Michael. His aim is to start a never-ending war with humans. By proving to his followers that humans are merciless and will cross every boundary that has ever been set by Heaven.” Gabriel continued, looking him in the eyes, almost, Cas thought, as if trying to see into him.
Dean reached his arm to put the plate down on the floor, a movement that wasn’t agreeing with his body and he winced in pain. He was sure he had a few busted ribs and that was probably gonna hurt like a mother for the next few weeks.
“Well maybe it’s time that Heaven shows a little sovereignty,” Another angel hissed at her.
“What?” Dean was too surprised by the question to sound guarded.
be pleased with something that would make you suffer.” His voice got caught between the words, and he thought about the minutes where he thought Cas was gone.
“Huh?” Dean looked over at his brother, startled. “What do you mean? I’m right here, dingus.” He knew he couldn’t keep dodging Sam’s questions, but what would he tell him?
“Sorry Sammy, but hey, at least it wasn’t a long list to go down.” He chuckled, but something told him Sam didn’t think it was that funny. “I’m okay, I promise”
“Try me.” Sam was daring him to do anything but talk to him, and Dean wasn’t sure if he was bluffing or not.
“Dean, I think we should split up.”
last night.”
But it wasn’t all sexy, good times, memories. It was also the place where he’d told Sam he’d been with a guy or two, (Sam had laughed it off and asked him if he was going to tell him he liked girls too, next); it was the place Dean considered his second home, where he slept, countless nights, after big fights with his dad, after botching a hunt and being scared to go home, or just when he wanted to have some privacy.
“Look, I understand what you’re trying to do here, really, I get it, but he’s not like that.”
He wouldn’t let Sam die, not on his watch.
Dean tried to think of something else. Small talk. He could do with some small talk.
Indoor classes were scheduled until 12 pm. That's when they would move on to Dean’s favorite part: the actual training. Even though stealth training was quite lame, fighting and gun shooting made up for that. They also learned how to load a gun, take it apart, and put it back together again.
There was an awkward silence between them before both of them cleared their throats and John walked away with a small nod.
“Sammy?” Dean tried hard to ignore the blood that was pouring out of Sam’s throat at an alarming rate.
He had other things to worry about at the moment. He needed to stop this. He ran into the bedroom, and then into the bathroom, locking the door behind him.
They had spent the past hour talking of cherished memories and Dean had told him about the time he and Sam had hidden in the back of Bobby’s truck when he went out on a hunt - they couldn’t’ve been older than 10 or 12 - and they had watched him gank a vampire. It was the first time either of them had seen an actual breathing vamp and when Bobby found them ‘
Before Dean could grab a pen to write back, a familiar noise made his head jerk back.
Dean’s mind raced with this new information, trying to recall every detail about the third man. He was tall and well built, but little to nothing else resonated. This guy just looked like a suburban dad who grilled on the weekends, nothing special about him. Dean didn’t know how to feel about this, for the longest time he’d just assumed most of what he felt about Castiel was just the logical effect of him being an actual
“And I need to be the one to do it” Dean laughed, the seriousness of the matter falling back on the copious amount of alcohol he’d downed at this point “Because you’re an angel and can’t get inside the walls”
“Angels are after your family,
“C’mon Dean, you know what I mean. You know you can talk to me, right? I’m not dad, I’m not gonna tell you to drop your life for us.”
“Why did you call me here?” The angel seemed apprehensive.
“Fuck, sorry, let me just-” He fished it out of his back pocket, annoyed at the interruption. “-Shit, it’s Sam, I have to take this, hold that thought.”
"No," Cas shook his head. He stretched out his leg in front of him, his feet grazing against Dean’s, who felt a little shock of electricity run up his leg.
I also want to thank my amazing friend and writer PB165 for helping me out when I get sick of my own writing, she's amazing!
“Dad has it.”
The angel downed them like they were water, and Dean who’d been drinking for hours, before, was having a hard time keeping up.
He looked over at Dean and noticed how he was staring at the treetops, in search of the bird that had just made a sound above them. Castiel was about to advise him to look where he was going, as roots lifted from the ground every here and there, when before he could reach out to help, Dean’s body was dropping to the floor.
“Dean, this is--”
“To be honest I don’t know what Heaven will and won’t do at this time, that all depends on the reasoning behind Metatron’s motives.”
“I asked if I look more representative of your hunter community now.”
“Sammy?” Dean knelt back down and placed a hand on Sam’s face to hold his head up. “Hey, you okay?”
“Dad, it’s okay,” Dean found himself saying before he realized it, with no idea of when he’d decided to reassure him. To lie to make his dad feel better.
Dean briefly wondered if this was what he witnessed at the warehouse, if that was the reason for his father talking to an angel instead of running him through, not that it would do much since no weapon that he knew of could actually kill an angel.
Cas could hardly move his body without pressing back against Dean’s, it was a small, tight, space and as soon as the door had closed behind them Cas had immediately regretted this decision. It was too late now, the voices on the outside warned them it was impossible to leave without being seen.
“Dean, this is getting time-sensitive, things in the city are so tense that the smallest spark could start light this fire. We need to move, and we need to move fast. If what you told me about Michael being the only one who can prevent this is true, then, we need him out
what it was Dean wanted, he was afraid that his own will was starting to cloud whatever powers of deduction Castiel possessed.
Dean sat down on a stool next to his brother after winning a game of pool, a big grin on his face.
of the goddamn war.” Every sentence Dean spoke just made Sam frown deeper and deeper, for a second Dean worried his face would get stuck like that.
If you wanna be the first to get notified when a new chapter is on its way make sure to follow me on Tumblr @totallyxawesome.
A knowing side-eye intended for Castiel had him worried for a second.
When he looked back at Dean he noticed a pleased smile on his lips, and Castiel couldn’t help but reciprocate it, he smiled until it hurt the muscles in his cheeks. He was no longer afraid to look at the beautiful man in front of him, no longer wary to find hatred in his eyes and he wondered how he had ever imagined to find it there. Because when their eyes met Castiel couldn’t find anything in them but kindness, and as the light of his grace dimmed, leaving both of them back into the dark, he knew he would never feel anything as deeply as the way he felt towards Dean Winchester.
“Where are you going, Dean?” Don, an older hunter who guarded the most high-level zones,  looked at him with suspicion. He was about his dad’s age and he knew they weren’t friends exactly, but still, he had to be careful with what he’d say.
Castiel could give him, and even though the memory of what happened was still fresh and would still hurt in its own way, at least Dean didn’t have to stare at it in the mirror. It wasn’t difficult for Castiel to understand the troubled relationship Dean had with his father, always wanting to be a good little soldier, do as he was told, to be strong-willed and merciless, a killer, a
“No, of course not,” Dean tried hard to stop his thoughts from spiraling. He had discovered that angels were at least capable of some type of emotion through his time with Cas. Every time he came across a new side of Cas, whenever the angel did something Dean had never seen him do before, he found himself enjoying it, always kind of making a mental note to try and get another reaction out of him.
“This ain't no time for playing hide and seek, I’ve got better things to do,” Dean called out.
“Yeah, I know how sleep works, dumbo.” Dean fumbled around on the couch, not sure where he’d put his legs if he was going to lay down. Or did Cas mean he should lay his head back? Maybe he should just stretch his legs in front of him, and if Cas moved he’d lay like that, if he didn’t he’d find another way.
He could hear and
“Uh Jo, this is Cas-….per”
"I can’t answer your questions, because I am not allowed to share anything with a mortal being."
“What do you mean?” Dean asked in return.
“I’m just going to uhm, take a shower” His words tripped over each other, this was not casual at all, but Cas seemed confused enough for Dean to think he didn’t get what was happening, which was a positive. “Just, uh- feeling cold, uh hot shower.” Now he’d completely stopped making any sort of sense altogether.
“I have no clue, but if hunters are going to these lengths to hide something...It can’t be good,” He wondered who they would be hiding, whatever it may be, from. There was just a brief moment separating him from the knowledge of what it was, and for a second Dean worried he wouldn’t like the answer. “C’mon, let’s find out”
When the time came to close the bar, Dean followed her outside.
“Okay, okay, calm down.” Dean tried to stifle his laughter, “I’ll help you.”
Castiel turned to him, his expression was almost angry. “I’ve healed you countless times, I’ve healed your brother and now I’m giving you information that could get me killed within seconds, you should show me some respect.”
He had just finished talking to a woman called Rebecca, who had claimed to have seen weird footprints on her lawn. However, they turned out to be pawprints from the neighbor's German Shepherd. Dean sighed, at this rate he wouldn’t catch these suckers before the next full moon.
“Do you know when?” He had no clue what angels would consider a good time or place to negotiate the freedom of their leader. He’d always been surprised the angels hadn’t done anything to help the process along, they were very capable of just obliterating the entire city without too much effort.
“Then you won’t mind,” Metatron dipped the blade into the bowl in front of him. “If we use your disobedience for a little experiment.”
“I wonder what they are hoping to uncover, Michael was never the one to plot against humanity.”
“Aren’t you observant?” Dean joked and watched Sam roll his eyes. “Dad home?”
The answer was simple, yet it could mean anything and for a second Dean regretted asking, because if sleep was fleeting before, it was now completely gone. His heart fluttered more than he’d care to admit, he couldn’t stop all the thoughts that came rushing in, all the things Castiel had just admitted he’d never shared with anyone before. And he was more than happy to be able to hide his blush in the dark.
“You wanna take another shot at me? Are you really up for it?” He risked studying his dad’s expression. It softened enough for Dean to know it was working. “Because I’m good, I can go all night,” he forced a smile, teeth and all, he really had to sell it.
Sam had suggested they could spend time with Bobby, trying to stay awake while waiting to hear the outcome of the negotiation. When Dean had briefly talked to Jo at the Roadhouse, she had told him that pretty much every hunter would be all ears and no sleep. This meeting was the most interesting thing to happen in the city since Michael’s capturing.
“Boy, I will kick your ass so hard that you’ll have to unbutton your collar to take a shit.”
“Let’s kick some feathery ass then.” If stupid, senseless bravado was all he could contribute with, then so be it. It hadn’t failed him in the past. Dean smiled as he saw a twitch of Cas’s lip and mentally gave himself an
“I wish you’d just talk to me, Dean.” Sam’s voice carried that same concerned tone that it often did, it made Dean want to punch him in the face.
my boyfriend, he’s just-” Hell if he knew. “It’s complicated.”
“Oh, he jokes now?” Dean let out a shaky breath, and what Castiel could maybe make out as a laugh. He glared at him like he could set him on fire, all at the same time.
Bobby had always been like a second father to Dean, just a lot nicer and more understanding version than John Winchester. Maybe Dean would have more luck getting some information out of Bobby. He was a higher rank hunter after all, even though he didn’t attend the meetings anymore. Dean knocked at Bobby’s door and heard the familiar ‘Come in’. Bobby was sitting at the kitchen table, a microwave dinner, and a beer in front of him. He seemed to be in a good mood, so what better time was there for Dean to try and find out more information. Dean pushed one of the chairs back and joined Bobby at the table.
Dean felt his skin flush,
More than once he drifted off, being only awoken by Sam or Bobby shouting at the men in the Tv to ‘stop being an idiot’. It was a cold night outside since it was December, but luckily Bobby kept the place quite warm with the fireplace and a bunch of fleece blankets. Every time Dean managed to doze off, he woke up to the sound of their voices, and as they watched and talked and laughed, the memory of his dad’s rage this morning left a bitter taste in the back of his mouth. When he was a kid, he’d often feel this way, being at Bobby’s, silently wishing this was his life, and this was his home. It was the same feeling now, and even though Dean didn’t really think the words, he knew they were there.
He noticed that everything around him was made out of wood. The walls, the ceiling, and even the table he was laying on. He recognized the place immediately, it was one of the old outpost cabins just outside of the walls. What he didn’t understand, however, was how he got here. He didn’t remember taking shelter here nor did he remember laying down. Slowly he looked down at his leg to inspect the severity of his injury.
For a moment Dean’s hand hovered above the door handle, not sure of what to expect when he opened it.  He pushed away all the thoughts that made him want to turn around,
“About what?” Dean couldn’t hide his surprise, why would an angel warn him about anything?
“Cas, I think you went a little overboard here,” Dean said as he gestured to the layers of clothing.
He didn't actually mean to let this thought slip into his prayers, but he meant it. All the wallowing in self-pity over rejection seemed so pointless now, so utterly unimportant. In this moment it all became clear to him, it didn’t matter what Castiel thought of him. It didn’t matter if the angel was unable to feel any sort of desire towards him, or that angels were incapable of caring as deeply as humans could. Because no matter what Cas did or didn’t feel, Dean cared for him all the same, because he knew the way he felt for the angel, and it was all the same with him, whether it was requited or not.
“Dean, I could kill you in less time than it’d take you to spell
He and Sam climbed into the Impala before Jo could come up with another reason to tag along. Dean hit the accelerator and turned on the radio while driving them down the familiar road out of the city. The Impala sped past the first of birches that were starting to change into a colorful field against the dark green pines.
“Then what the hell happened there?”  Dean knew that this wasn’t how angels were perceived nowadays - it’s not what they learned in school. They were taught that angels were dangerous creatures of immense power and little to no moral obligations, that they were jealous of humans for being God’s most perfect creation, made in His image, and given this entire planet, while they were forced to remain hidden for centuries.
“I want to show you something,” Metatron stood up from where he sat across from him and grabbed the blade, balancing it in between his fingers.
“We’re not doing this again, Jo,” Dean placed his old, green duffle bag in the back of the Impala,
Dean waited at the register for quite a few minutes after he had paid. He had been busy picking at the jar of free candy on the counter. Either Sam was watching porn on the toilet or he was in some sort of trouble, knowing his little brother better than anyone Dean definitely guessed the latter. He made his way over to the restroom, thanking his lucky stars for keeping the demon knife on him. He was on his way to the restroom when he noticed that the restaurant’s backdoor was slightly open, sounds of struggle came from the alley behind it.
This hadn’t been the first time something like this had happened, and it probably wouldn’t be the last. This type of unspoken conversations and support were the pillars of their whole childhood, so they had gotten pretty good at the whole non-communication-communicating thing.
Dean got dressed and made his way downstairs. He could hear Sam and Bobby talking from the kitchen, the smell of coffee filled his nose.
“I can’t tell you,” the angel’s eyes bore into his, “because I don’t know.”
He could feel Cas shift closer towards him on the couch and then he felt Castiel’s hand rest on his cheek, carefully, like he was made out of glass. Dean thought about telling Cas that he wouldn’t break under his touch, but he wasn’t so sure if this was true, plus he didn’t really want Cas to move his hand. The angel’s hand wasn’t rough and full of calluses, like his own, it was soft and warm, and it was sending small waves of electricity through Dean’s entire body, even though he was pretty sure Cas hadn’t even done anything yet.
“And you trust this brother of yours?” Dean asked. He didn’t know if he felt completely comfortable discussing the current state of Heaven and its minions.
man. Even with all his training, the way he was raised into believing angels were the enemy, monsters like many others, he had given Castiel a chance, he became his friend. And now, here he was, understanding the right thing to do might just turn him against his own kin, against his father - and Castiel understood how hard that must be for him.
There was not much keeping him from holding it all together, and the way Cas looked at him made it so much harder.
"Anyway," Dean frowned. "What did you do? I mean, we're still standing in the exact same spot."
’, and fastened his pace again.
A long moment of silence passed the time, and Dean found himself wondering if Castiel had fallen asleep. The angel’s eyes had fallen closed minutes ago, and his breathing had become slower. Dean however, felt wide awake and chances of falling asleep anytime soon were slim. His mind was going over the last few days, it didn’t seem real, every time he did something, said something, he expected Cas to pull away, to be colder, like the night he’d kissed him - but he never did. Cas’s reactions were
“No we’ll just have the check, thanks,” he smiled at her hurriedly, trying to revert back to the conversation they were having, but it was over, the moment was gone.
Dean’s heart skipped a beat at the mention of angels. It was the first time his dad had them get involved in this, which was normally a big no-go. What was going on?
we get to it” It wasn’t a question for him. If Cas couldn’t heal him, Dean was more than happy to go out fighting, especially if he was fighting to keep Cas alive.
“A flower?” He repeated, hoping Cas could shed some light on the situation.
specifically. He was used to cooking his own dinners, and Sam’s - nothing very fancy. The noodles Cas was making were his specialty,
“I mean it's only fair,” Dean pushed. “You follow me, seem to know things about me while I don't even know the first thing about you. I'd say that's a bit rude don't you think, I-”
Their eyes met and for a second Dean could actually believe that this would be alright, that them being in love wouldn’t be the end of the world after all. There was nothing but kindness and love in the angel’s eyes and he had to fight the urge to kiss him all over again, the only reason he didn’t was that he didn’t know if he would have the strength to stop.
He could swear that Cas was staring at him in disbelief, but then his expression changed.
“Yeah, you could say that,” Dean’s mind was racing, how did this tie-up with the events of the warehouse? Dean had been extremely frustrated that they’d come out empty on that one, but he’d have to admit it was his fault, and being stuck in a tight closet with Cas didn’t help, at all. Had he been alone, and focused, he might’ve come to any conclusions.
“Shoot”
but more than that, it
“So brooding and mysterious” She turned around sheepishly. Dean couldn’t help but let out a small laugh. He really wasn’t, it was just he had apparently nothing to say, which was weird in some way. They had come to a stop, and Dean waited as Amber messed with the keys, trying to get one to open the door of the building. It was an okay part of town, and she was gorgeous, and still, Dean felt kind of off.
Well, there was a question he couldn’t answer. He didn’t like lying to Sam and would avoid it as long as he could. After a few seconds of silence, he got the message across. “
They had wasted so much time through futile restraint and useless denial already. Now, standing so close, sharing the same air, awaiting the same fate, it all seemed so pointless. All his worries washed away, and Dean was sure that if being this close to Cas felt this good, he didn’t really mind eternal damnation.
“What the hell are you doing?” He couldn’t help the anger dripping from his words, loud and startling the angel. This short-fused temper was something he’d clearly gotten from his father, and he hated it, he loathed the times when he spoke, harshly, and heard John’s voice instead. Bobby used to say Winchesters had a fuse so short they made volcanoes look stable.
“I do, yes,” Castiel wasn’t scared of him, in the least, in fact, Metatron had never been a fear-striking angel, his appearance was all but menacing, he presented as short looking, facially hairy, involved in a thick layer of adipose tissue, he wasn’t anything like the other angels. But still, Castiel knew better than to make him his enemy - at least for the time being.
“Do you know a more loyal soldier? Castiel has never once hesitated to fulfill Heaven’s mission,” Anna agreed.
There was one thing he knew for certain, he had to tell Cas.
Dean rolled his eyes at her, “First off, there is no such thing as a bad McConaughey movie, the guy’s a freaking genius. Secondly, when did you grow up to be this sassy?”
“What?” Dean asked in surprise.
“Michael,” Dean greeted him, careful to look around to ensure no one was listening. The room was empty and silent, the only door to the corridor, behind him. Iron bars separated the hunter from the angel, who sat in a chair, in the middle of a sigil carved into the ground, filled with holy oil and set afire. The blue fire burned low to the ground, Dean supposed some sort of spell kept it alive.
“His name is Metatron, Dean,” he stood corrected. “And, yes, he is the obvious suspect, I just don’t see why he would do such a thing, to kill another angel, the punishment would be worse than death. And even if we assume he’s attempting a coup, he is still an angel, it’s unlikely he would risk the lives of his own kin, however not impossible.”
“Dean-” Castiel sighed, tilting his head slightly, eyes on Dean’s like life-saving buoys, something for him to hang on to. “I never meant for this to happen. When Michael gave me the assignment to look out for your city I wasn’t supposed to interfere with anything, let alone become
The bartender apologized, and Dean looked at Castiel from the corner of his eye, trying to check if the angel looked anywhere as self-conscious as he did. He didn’t. Castiel looked completely unphased by this awkward interaction, eyes slightly squinting as if trying to understand the social dynamics at play.
“Why is it so hard for you to believe that good things do happen?” The angel looked at him with a strange expression. “I saved you from the pack of werewolves and I just healed your brother.”
Dean didn’t even try to argue because he knew he didn’t have a leg to stand on, he shrugged instead.
As the waitress nodded, walking back to the counter, Dean’s attention was immediately drawn back to the celestial being who sloppily ate his first ever cheeseburger. It was almost like watching a child experiencing the snow for the first time, Dean couldn’t resist the smile that crept up on his face.
He pushed the door open, following after his brother. “You don’t know what you’re talking about,” he spoke the words to Sam’s back, glaring at him, even though he wouldn’t see it. “And what do
“We should meet again soon Cassie, somewhere far away. You should choose, too, I feel I am a little predictable and many of our brothers and sisters would be able to find us.”
It didn’t take long for Sam to speak. “So what happened out there?”
“And you can see them? Right now?” Dean asked, a bit incredulous, as he looked up at the stars. They were beautiful, no doubt about it, but they just seemed so randomly placed to him.
“We don’t know why he’s doing it”
“What?” Castiel didn’t even register the words Dean had spoken, he let his shoulder fall against the bedroom door’s frame.
The first few days after leaving the cabin, the hours seemed endless, stretching for far longer than Dean felt they should be.
“-yeah, not so much. It lands directly into it. Which means there is no way you can get out. To get in you’ll have to drop seven feet from the ceiling. And then you’re just stuck there with him.”
Dean tried to sit up but winced as his leg warned him not to. Hot flashes of pain filled his memory and he had to try hard not to pass out again. He moved again, slower this time, trying to position himself a little more upright, and after a few hisses of pain and several whispered curses, he was able to do so.
Castiel had been there for the first human civilizations, the greeks, the Romans, the Phoenicians, and the Mayans, and if ever was a time when he felt close to these creatures, it was now. He’d spent some time roaming among them, he’d tried their ways and customs, and he’d liked the way it felt to be among them. With every second he passed on earth, more emotions and feelings seemed to develop. It made it harder to think clearly, like a soldier, again.
But when he did, Dean’s expression was caught between surprise and something that oddly enough resembled awe. His mouth was slightly agape, and his eyes big, glued to the crystal he was still holding, that was now emitting a soft blue hue.
With no time to hesitate Cas grabbed hold of Dean’s shoulder, rushing both of them in the direction of the room. Castiel hoped that the door wouldn’t lead to more hunters, but he didn’t sense any form of life behind it, so it appeared to be the safer option.
“We’ll cross that bridge
And suddenly it hit him, how it wasn’t completely and utterly obvious before Dean didn’t know. He knew exactly where he had to go, but he also knew exactly how hard it would be to get there.
“What do I have to gain, telling you this, just to stay here in this putrid cell?” He spat in disgust, eyeing his surroundings. “I am an archangel of the Lord, I have created entire religions, I have sunk entire civilizations and here I sit in my own filth.”
Here in the dark, it was hard for Dean to rationalize anything. He just felt things, things he’d never felt before, that he didn’t even think he was capable of feeling. But he felt the absence mostly, the way his bed felt emptier than it ever had, colder than before, even though Cas had never even been there. Just the thought of Cas laying there, next to him, made Dean’s heart beat faster until he was too awake to fall back asleep.
Castiel agreed, it was the right thing to do. He knew that, he just hoped Dean did too. Every second spent with Dean was a constant learning of his internal struggles - he wanted to appear strong and firm, when he could and should, just let himself be soft and vulnerable; he wanted to be as though nothing fazed him, as though his fathers hissed insults didn’t get to him, but Castiel knew they did; he wanted to look unscathed by their last encounter, and
The rest of the night went by too slowly for his taste. He checked his watch every five minutes, and every time he did so, he could swear that time was either standing still or moving backward. Not even the vicious shark attacks could keep his mind off things, if anything they made his stomach even tighter. He was however grateful that Sam didn’t bring up their 'share and care’ moment in front of Bobby.
"We have come to negotiate the freedom of our leader," One of the six, statue-like figures spoke first. Loud enough to be heard over the rustle of leaves and branches.
“You’re drunk,” Castiel rolled his eyes, laughing at Dean’s failed attempt to produce entire sentences. “I’m taking you back.”
They both nodded.
“I’m so sorry about that,” a guy Dean knew damn well was none other than Curt Hunter stepped into the office. “I asked him to find me the old rapports on the angel warding. You see I wanted to check if I could possibly update them, having gained some interesting facts since I’ve been gone.”
“Gah- One of these days my heart is just gonna give out,” Dean muttered under his breath, his hand clutched at his chest. It might have been a good thing that he was slightly drunk, otherwise, he would have probably tucked tail and ran.
“Which is why we are sending six of our own to go down to negotiate with the hunters. We have already arranged the meeting.” Uriel said, genuinely fed up with Josua’s insistence.
A small wave of relief washed over him when he didn’t spot his dad’s Jeep.
“Fine, fine. What were you getting at?”
Dean had to look away, turn his focus into something else,
“How do you know?!” Dean’s legs thrust him up from the chair that fell down behind him with the impulse. He felt his blood boil - his dad always thought he knew better, always hiding things and keeping secrets from him,
Uriel visibly tensed. “Then get rid of them one way or another, I don’t care how you do it. Just make sure the Winchester family won’t get in the way of the plan.”
- but something inside told him to keep going, if Cas wasn’t listening anyway there was no one to think he was ridiculous.
They sat down at Grandma’s Breakfast Nook, Dean had snorted at the name. Bobby had called to let them know he was going straight back to the command center, to tell (or yell at) commander Barnes about the ambush.
Dean couldn’t help but feel taken aback by the completely honest answer. He didn’t expect Cas to tell him much, but he was grateful to know that coming over here, trusting he would help him understand,  hadn’t been for nothing. Castiel had always been vague about everything Heaven-related, understandably so, but this was not the time for compassion.
), or
Dean’s stomach felt heavy at the mention of the burger joint, a picture of a smiling Cas, his face smeared with about every condiment in existence, made its way into his mind. It must have shown on his face because the smile on Sam’s faltered.
“We’re all in deep shit Sam.” Dean sighed, Sam would find out soon enough, better if he heard it from him than anyone else.
music video reject.
He could feel himself getting swallowed whole by a wave of anger and pain, and he found himself gasping for air, gut-wrenching sobs begging to tear through his chest, but he just forced them down. It became harder to breathe, and in the corners of his eyes, he saw white, his head feeling lighter and heavy as a brick at the same time.  He let his head fall onto his knees, grabbing the back of his neck. He closed his eyes, trying to get a hold of himself, but was out of his control - his breath was shallow and too fast to properly get the oxygen to his brain, and everything was cloudy. He wanted to be mad, to feel angry again, but he was just emptied out and hollow, beneath all of the storms that raged on the outside.
“Shut up,” Dean said while wiping some drool away from the corner of his mouth.
He knew this cabin wasn’t Dean’s, it didn’t belong to one hunter, in particular, it was, like many others, a cabin for hunters to spend the night outside the walls if they needed to. Back before their walls were protected by warding, Dean had explained to him, it was used as outposts, to look out for potential threats to the city. Nowadays it was mostly used to receive guests from the outside seeing as no strangers were allowed in the city. The keys were kept at the command center inside the city, and they were supposed to return them when they were done with them. Dean had kept his keys, and so far, no one had even noticed. So, Castiel knew this wasn’t Dean’s place, but it was the closest he would ever get to see, and there were some small details that showed a bit of Dean through. Like the pantry, fully stocked with shrimp noodles and cereal, the fridge filled with beer and eggs. A small cassette player, with two or three tapes on the side, and hanging from one of the chairs, a hoodie tossed over.
“The what now?” Dean looked at him, feeling a bit stupid for asking. He didn’t want Cas to think he was dim or anything, but this felt more like the kind of thing Sam would know, and he wasn’t like that, not book smart like Sam. He
reason “I wonder if he seeks any truth behind the old prophecy.”
“Is it about Cas?”
Gabriel nodded in appreciation.
"You have memories from before this place was even, this place?"
Castiel didn’t seem to budge, so Dean hastily moved around him, trying to ignore the electricity that palpated through his entire body, as he grazed him on his way out of the bathroom.
He looked down as the water trickled down his body, it wasn’t going down, at all. If anything, Dean was sure it was
If you have any burning questions about this fic check out my
Dean tried his best not to look caught off guard. Though it wasn't the words that shook him, it was the deep, menacing voice that had spoken them.
While the dinner had certainly taken his mind off things, the (one too many) beers he had provided him with fabricated courage. He had to talk to Castiel again, he needed to know the truth. Dean had about enough of guessing. The strange angel sighting near the city, the unexplainable healing, the mysterious light that haunted his dreams (okay so maybe he did remember his dream). He had to know more, and he had to know
“Listen man…” If there was ever a time where Dean thought he was making the wrong decision, this was it. The mere thought of his father finding out about this, made his whole body tense up. But what did his old man know, anyway? He was wrong, he had no idea of what was really going on - if there was a power shift at play in Heaven, they would all pay the price, and the one being who could prevent it was sitting right there in the box. Still, it was a lot to process, there was a need for trust that he had never given anyone before. He had to trust Castiel, and he would have to believe Michael. “If you’re telling the truth, and the jury’s still out on that, what would you have
No need to be nervous, for I would argue the traitor is not among us at the moment. This traitor would dare not sit here, mourning our brothers and sisters. So I ask of you, who is not here? Who is it, that still fights the natural order that works in Heaven? That has set me in the costly path of leading you?”
this wasn’t supposed to happen. As Dean pressed his hand against the bleeding wound, he desperately looked around for help, but there was no one. His mind was racing, Bobby was probably an hour away by now and they had left their phones in the car anyway.
Time seemed to stand still for a moment but then a hot pain ran through his entire right leg, causing him to fall to the ground. Claws were tearing away at his arms and chest and the smell of blood filled the air. He tried to grab his gun but it was no longer within his reach. There was the sound of low growling and Dean faintly recognized it from somewhere.
“What are you doing?” Dean asked, his voice still unsteady, embarrassingly so. He cleared his throat.
Thank you for reading chapter 4! I think it's my favorite chapter so far, but I'd love to know what you think.
“No, no you’re right.” It did make sense, but Cas sounding it out did nothing for his laughing fit to stop. “I guess, but you’re going to love it, boy scout’s promise!”
The thought popped into his head before he could catch himself. Part of him wanted to voice it, but he kept quiet. “You did the best you could,” Dean repeated instead.
“Oh yes, they’ve been fighting wars ever since the dawn of time. You see, angels are keepers of the world, of humanity, all thousands of both.” Curt had busied himself with studying the label on the back of his beer bottle.
“You’re home,” Dean stated, matter-of-factly. It wasn’t a taunt, he was just surprised, was all. He watched his dad’s eyes as they studied him, narrowing slightly at the sight of him, and Dean felt exposed, too exposed - he remembered he showed no bruising, no sign of cuts or anything. An irrational fear rose up, that his dad would somehow jump to the conclusion that an angel could have healed Dean.
He slowly made his way down the hallway when suddenly a door appeared out of nowhere. A strange sound was coming from behind it. The closer Dean got to the door, the louder it became, he finally recognized it as a low growling sound, like an angry dog.
It rang inside, in flashes. He was sure it had to be what humans would feel when they woke, their dreams slipping away, but still the pictures hanging behind their eyes through the early morning hours - that was what he felt like, the remnants of that night insisting, every time he closed his eyes.
The room was filled to the brim with shelves, holding everything from books to scrolls, and thin glass vials filled with questionable substances. Half burned candles were scattered throughout the room, dry wax dripping from one shelf to another here and there, and Dean couldn’t help but wonder what the room was normally used for.
their tongues tangled. He tightened his grip on Castiel’s hair but just as quickly as it had started, he felt the angel pull his lips away from him.
"Dean!" his little brother called out from the other end of the hallway.
He asked Cas to pass him his tools, and the lock gave away easily enough. Cas pulled the latch door open, revealing a steep ladder down into the dark.
Lightning struck and just seconds after, thunder echoed through the forest. The circle tightened once more and the angels showed the first signs of fear, restless.
“Come on, don’t play dumb with me,
Dean laughed and started cooking away. Cas kept reading. Dean looked at him, over his shoulder, and as glad as he was that Cas was staying put and not going out into the possible hunting grounds of the newly weaponized hunters of the City, he wasn’t sure it was because of
at least it’s what he told himself, to justify all he was about to do, ultimately he knew in the bottom of his being, this desire to save humanity came from the desire to protect
Nevertheless, he said, “I have planted a seed and it needs watering,” a sly smile accompanied the words, and if Gadreel and Uriel understood what he’d meant, they made no note of it.
“Dean,” Castiel looked more contrite than Dean had ever seen him. “What you must understand is that Heaven is not what you hunters make it out to be. It’s not unity, it’s politics.” Cas sighed, tiredly. “It wasn’t always like this, though. When God first created the earth, the humans, it was his pride and he wanted every angel to love them just as much as he did. But for thousands of years, we have been left to fend for ourselves, and some angels feel it’s time to question the original orders. You see, angels aren’t without flaw. Some of us might be willing to continue our father's mission but others, they are out to seek power for themselves.” Castiel paused, looking as if trying to decipher Dean’s reaction. “Heaven is divided Dean, but there are still some of us who would fight for you, who would die to protect our Father’s greatest creation.” His right hand had traveled to lay on top of his heart, in what Dean could only interpret as this physical demonstration of earnestness.
“Your leg is in no condition for you to drive back to the city.”
“This must be where they’re hiding all the important stuff,” Dean whispered, right above his ear,  his voice full of something that Castiel recognized as sarcasm.
“Yes, he is one of the few angels I would trust with my life,” Castiel said as if he had just mentioned something casual.
“What are you-” Dean’s voice cut out, and for a second Castiel was afraid to open his eyes, nervous to face the hunter’s expression.
Sam took the joke and laughed it off. He really didn’t want to get into it with his brother, and for that Dean was grateful.
“Look if this guy isn’t into you, why the hell would he go out of his way to spend so much time with you?”
“And?” Dean asked nervously.
“I’m an idiot okay, is that what you want to hear?” Dean’s voice came out harder than he intended, but there was no point in taking it back. If Sam wanted him to talk, he might as well let it all out.
“No, just, let me finish,” Dean continued. He needed to say more, to explain, to no longer leave Cas in the dark. His dad had taught him, in hunts, that when delivering the news of a death to a loved one, to be as swift as possible, blunt and emotionless. The worst thing you could give anyone right before they found out a loved one was dead, was that little shred of hope, and Dean didn’t even manage to get it right for Cas.
The way Cas stared at him burned holes into his entire being, he felt completely naked sitting in this chair, bag of frozen peas in hand, trying his damndest to keep his bottom lip from trembling like it decided to start doing. The longer Cas stared at him, the harder it was to not just wallow in what had just happened. Cas’s silence spoke louder than anything he could say, and Dean’s brain went blank for any witty remarks he could make to lighten the mood, and in reality, he didn’t want to. He was tired of making himself look like an emotionless rock, just so others wouldn’t feel bad.
Castiel looked up at him, his eyebrows lifting as if to say ‘be my guest’, he didn’t need to though, he knew Metatron would speak anyway, he clearly relished in the sound of his own voice.
“I thought you were-” His voice cracked and he tried to steady himself before rephrasing. “I didn’t know if you were
“It’s where your parents went on their honeymoon,” Bobby said, pursing his lips into a tight line and raising his eyebrows slightly. “Figured it’s as good a guess as any.” Dean just stared, puzzled. He had no idea his parents had gone to Chile on their honeymoon. Hell, he didn’t even know his dad had ever even been out of the motherland. He peered over at Sam. Did he know? Or had Bobby told him too? Did John even tell Bobby that? From what Dean knew (which is a hell of a lot) his dad
Dean had to take a second to process this, sure he’d wondered why this particular angel had taken an interest in him, but it had never occurred to him that it had been because of a mission from Heaven. "You were on a mission the night you healed me from those werewolves?”
Jo smiled, nodding along. “How are
Castiel didn’t know exactly what he was looking for in the cabin, but if there was any chance of getting to talk to Dean this would be it. He was well aware that he could just appear in one of Dean’s dreams to talk to him, but the thought of intruding his personal space didn’t seem like a good idea after what had happened the previous week. So, all he could do was wait, and hope that when Dean would come back to the cabin, and on top of that, that he would want to talk to him. He’d wait.
“I studied the men in your city, they all seem to wear these things,” Castiel raised his eyebrows.
Gabriel sometimes opened his eyes wide in acknowledgment of their presence, and Dean could see the shine of the tears that trickled down his stubbled cheeks, but he pretended not to notice.
As Dean opened the Impala’s door, Bobby was waiting in the garage to close the gate after him.
“Then stop acting like one,” Dean bit back.
“I’m not- This isn’t a killing spree, I-” Dean was getting nowhere with this, and time was ticking by. “Look, Sammy, I’ll tell you everything, just-” He sighed, “-not right now. Right now I need your help.” That seemed to put a brake on Sam’s plans. He looked intrigued and attentive.
“You want me to bust you out?” Dean seethed, distrust clear in his voice now. “You seriously expected you’d give me all this talk and I’d buy every word, and happily help your ass out of Alcatraz?” He took a step back, creating more distance between himself and the prisoner, he’d
This was loud and clear. He didn’t need to hear the words. This was enough.
Dean handed the clothes to Castiel, who eyed the clothes apprehensively.
Dean fell to his knees, next to Cas. He was half sitting, half laying down on the floor, his shirt completely torn off, revealing deep cuts and gashes. Blood was dripping down his side from a major flesh wound that spread from his bottom left rib up to his clavicle.
to anyone, to defeat the whole purpose of the mission by putting you in danger. I have already messed this job up beyond repair, now would you
Sam was waiting on him by the door, his face carried the exact expression Dean had pictured through the phone. Sam hugged him carefully before sitting him down on the couch while Dean tried his hardest not to wince.
There was a long pause before Cas spoke again, his expression pensive. “I still need to find out where they’re keeping him. If I’m successful tonight, we will be leaving tomorrow at dawn, meet me here.” The angel’s eyes met his, as if waiting for Dean to show him any sign of hesitance, and when he didn’t, Cas added, “you should probably try to get your hands on one of the weapons your city seems to be mass-distributing, I don’t know what we’ll be up against, but we can expect some resistance.”
“You have--” Gabriel’s breath hitched like every word was gnawing away at him from the inside out, but he continued, still, “--have to step up Castiel. I’m--” Dean felt the thumps of bodies hitting the ground above their heads, “--dying. Don’t--don’t come back for me.”
He wasn't sure how he’d been so open with Dean, answering his questions, specifically the one that might just have given him away. In the fleeting daylight it was easy enough to think back and determine he should have lied, but in the moment, being dishonest never even crossed his mind -
“You mean emotions. Sadness, happiness, hope, lust, ” Castiel corrected him. They were no longer whispering, the longer they talked the less likely it was for sleep to come, and with that, their voices rose too, even though they remained soft-spoken, “love…”
“Bye, Jo,” Dean said dryly. He turned back to his car, a black ‘67 Chevy Impala that had been passed down by his father when Dean turned 23.
“Dean,” a sudden voice startled him so much he almost gave himself whiplash by how fast he turned around. “what reason could you possibly have for trying to open the
"You guys go ahead, I’ll be right up," he told them. Sam tried to protest but Dean just ushered them away. He waited until they got into their cars before he returned to the hallway towards the direction where he thought he’d seen the light.
“This isn’t a movie Cas, no need for suspense! What is it?” Dean was being impatient, he was aware, and Cas’s pause probably had more to do with the weight of what he was about to say than with building suspense.
“I have to go back soon, so do you want me to heal your leg or not?” Castiel sounded impatient.
“I think you’re in over your head,” Gabriel said, closing the distance between him and Metatron’s seat. "Though I admit, up close it's quite a big head."
Dean gave him an empty and acrid laugh,
“Fair enough.” Dean huffed. “Now will you please just cover for me?”
“Yeah, I guess.” He took another gulp of the barely warm coffee. “We’ve both got shit to deal with, don’t we?”
“To get rid of the Winchesters,”  He finally answered, as Metatron seemed to be impatient, and now that the thought had crossed his mind, he had a feeling he had to be more careful around Metatron. “So they would not interfere with your plan for the city,” he added.
“So as you may have heard, Michael is still locked away in the city of losers and Metatron has made exactly zero effort to free him so I did a little digging and I discovered that he spends a lot of time sneaking around with Uriel. Now either they’re in some distasteful love affair or they’re up to something, and I’m honestly praying for the latter.”
“I’d say this is it,” Dean said as they pulled up.
“It wouldn’t be the first time, and it probably won’t be the last time either. Unfortunately, this is what Heaven has come to over the past decades, brothers and sisters turning against each other and murdering for their own benefit.”
Bobby laughed and Dean couldn’t help but join him. They stayed there for hours talking about demons over cheap beers and whiskey. Dean didn’t bring up Michael or the box like he had planned to, he felt bad to ask Bobby. He would just have to ask around somewhere else, maybe The Roadhouse?
“I’ll be fine, don’t worry about little old me, you-” he couldn’t get the next words out, there was no point in telling the angel to be careful. “Good luck,” he wanted to say instead, to smile convincingly, but Cas was gone before he got the words out, a small breeze touching Dean’s skin, as the only trace of Cas’s presence.
Adina glanced over her shoulder, motioning for a low-rank angel to approach, while Gabriel shook his head ‘no’. “Tell Metatron I’ve got Gabriel.” She ordered and the angel flew away before Gabriel could say anything.
"What
“We’re still talking about Bobby freaking Singer here,” Jo said, "he loves you two more than he hates anything. And that’s saying something considering he hates plenty.” and Dean knew it was true. Still, he was hesitant. This had all been kept as his secret for the past months, and now, in less than a day’s worth of time, three people would be privy to all of it. What if Bobby thought he should’ve said something months ago? What if he was disappointed in him for siding with the angels, disappointed just like his dad would be. But what choice did he have?
For someone who had been around since the creation of everything, months were not even comparable to minutes in a human’s experience. Yet it was almost as if the memories before
“I guess I didn’t want you to forget what happened.” The angel’s fingers brushed over the scar once more, his face cautious. Dean’s heart skipped a beat, which he could easily attribute to the events of the day and how his heart must’ve just been giving out, a small arrhythmia, he was sure, caused by stress, it had to be the cause because if it was anything else, it would’ve been due to what Cas was saying, and that scared him just a little too much to even think. "of course, if you wanted to, I could heal it completely". There it was again.
“My disobedience?” the angel’s eyes grew wide.
“Then why send us here?” Sam’s brow furrowed.
? - his punches were sloppy now, not even letting the bag swing all the way down before sending it back up again
“I can’t sleep.”
“Wow, slow down Sammy.” Dean’s voice resembled a poor attempt to sound fine.
Sam and Dean shared a look before they both burst out in laughter. It was no surprise that Bobby had gotten into trouble for using colorful language to give someone a piece of his mind.
“Yeah,” The older man sighed as he dragged himself over to the kitchen, presumably to get a drink. Dean shifted uncomfortably in his place, unsure of whether to follow. His dad turned around, standing in front of the fridge, “have you eaten dinner yet?”
This was it, this was the place -
Another knock. Dean glanced at the entrance of the diner, confused as hell. Why didn’t Bobby just come in?
All of the sudden, interrupting Dean’s impromptu pity party, a rustle of feathers made him jerk his head back, just in time to see Castiel appearing out of thin air. He would never get used to this.
Dean opened his mouth to object but decided to roll with it instead.
“It’s this flower I came across when I met Uriel in the amazon forest months ago. It smelled exactly like the warehouse, it has to be the same thing.” He remembered now, leaning in closer to smell a small yellow flower, and Uriel telling him not to,
“What is this new plan?” Joshua pushed. His demeanor wasn’t nearly as composed as Metatron’s, the hostility against the other angel was clear on his face.
Dean smacked himself in the head, mentally.
“You’re a hunter boy, aren’t you?” Bobby pulled Dean back out of the car by the lapel of his leather jacket. “Act like it. You work it like any other job. You investigate, you talk to the locals. Whatever you gotta do. This whole damn city is in your hands.”
Dean’s heart sank just as quick as the relief of resting had washed over him. He was still trying to catch his breath, trying to gather enough air to tell Cas to fuck off, to tell him there was no way that was happening. “You’re--” His lungs burned and his throat ached as he sucked the cold January air inside, “-- a fucking idiot, Cas.” Was all he managed to get out between gasps. He raked his fingers through his hair, then used his forearm to dry the sweat on his temple.
“Uhm-” Dean’s voice was hoarse and his mouth felt like cotton. “You’re, uhm, you’re welcome.”
“You do it the best you can, boy,” Bobby stood up and placed a hand on his shoulder, offering a warm (yet uncharacteristic) smile. It just made Dean uneasy. His stomach churned. “We ain’t letting you do this alone, and if we go down, we go down swinging.”
Dean propped himself up in his right elbow, slumping against the wall, and took another good look at Cas -
Sam didn’t argue. “Dean,” he paused, before closing the door. “be careful out there.”
“There’s plenty of people to worry about those kinds of things,” Bobby was as calm as ever. Unlike his dad, Bobby was never one to start an argument, well not with Dean anyway.
“Well actually I report to Uriel,” Castiel said blandly, he had no idea why his brother had tricked him into coming here, with Gabriel this was normally never a good thing.
“What the hell?” Bobby didn’t bother hiding his concern as soon as Dean managed to sit down in the passenger’s seat.
Dean rested his head against the window, it was nice and cool against his head, which was still spinning. After a while, he could see the familiar dark walls growing taller in the distance and the knot in Dean’s stomach tightened. They were nearly back home which meant that he had to explain everything that had happened. He strongly hoped his dad would not be waiting there for him.
“Singer, I’m glad you decided to show up to our meetings for once,” Barnes said dryly. His tone made it very clear that he meant quite the opposite.
There was another rustling sound, this time coming from his left. He turned around to find himself standing face to face with werewolves.
“What did he want to know?” The way this supposed leader of angels spoke of his father made Dean believe him more by the second, the way Michael was describing John’s frustration hit a little too close to home for someone who’d never experienced it first hand. Selling out his own son for results? While Dean didn’t want to believe it to be true, he actually wouldn’t put it past his dad.
They quickly arrived at the closed tall doors that separated them from the room where the meeting was about to start. Much to Castiel’s appeasement, seeing as he could feel the scrutiny in Hael’s eyes, waiting for him to agree with her.
So he liked Cas being his friend, of course, he knew there was more that he liked about Cas, and every so often the lines between friendship and wherever else there may be, got kind of blurry, especially when he drank, or when Cas touched him and it sent three million jolts of electricity through his body, or when Cas told him about the stars, and apparently when Cas cooked for him…
Dean’s shirt quickly became soaked in blood, and Dean just kept pressing. His other hand rose to Cas’s jaw, his thumb stroking his cheekbone. His eyes trying to catch Cas’s. “Hey, hey, you gotta stay awake man.” Dean’s heart thudded inside his chest. He’d been in this position before, with his dad, with Sam, on hunts gone south, but when that happens there’s always the chance of taking them to the hospital, which is a no-go with Cas. There was no way he could drag a bleeding angel into the hospital, he wasn’t even sure he bled the same as humans. Although looking at the glistening red on his hands, he couldn’t tell the difference.
“I could have sworn I saw this thing glow the other day,” Dean’s voice was soft, Cas had come to learn it was always more gentle when it was just the two of them in the dark, far away from the world outside.
“No, we know.” Jo intervened, with a deep sigh. “It was in the file Curt left behind. They took it from him, with a very medieval-looking technique Curtis taught them himself, and stashed it into a glass container.”
“Fucking terrified.”
“Come with me outside.” If he was going to tell Sam anything, it sure as hell wouldn’t be where his dad could hear them if he magically woke up from his bourbon-induced sleep.
on sparing everyone we know of a massive bloodbath?” Sam rolled his eyes, dramatically, “Gee Dean, I don’t know, I might sit on this mind-blowing information for a while and wait it out.”
“No, that’s not why I’m here.” There was a short pause. “And my name is not Jack.”
“Oh that’s super, you’re saying, either way, we end up like exterminated vermin? No that’s great, thanks for the heads up.” Dean rolled his eyes.
“I know why I thought I remembered the smell,” he turned his attention to Dean, speaking faster than Dean could process it, obviously. “The sweet smell in the warehouse-”
He wondered for a moment if it was mandatory to get down on his knees and fold his hands but quickly decided that it was just stupid. Instead, he sat down at the edge of his bed, his gaze focused on the trees outside his window, before he closed his eyes tight, letting his neck lower until his forehead met his thumbs, hands over knees.
“Dean, I’m sorry but you know how ridiculous this sounds right?”
Sam’s voice on the other end of the line sighed in relief. He could hear Bobby shouting something in the back-
At the back of the bar, someone was taking note of all the commotion. His shoulder was leaning casually against the wall. He watched as an angry Bobby Singer stormed through the crowd and out of the door. But he didn't join in with the gossiping crowd as the door fell closed again. No, he thoughtfully sipped his beer while his mind wandered off to an old memory. A memory of something that happened nearly 15 years ago.
“Thanks for saving my ass back there, you didn’t have to do that, but hell, I’m really glad you did.”
He didn’t want to talk about it anymore, the look Sam was giving him was precisely the very thing he’d wanted to avoid. The pity in his gaze made Dean want to swat at him, this did not happen to
the words echoed in Dean’s mind, making him irrationally upset. He couldn’t help but drift back to the time he’d heard words like these, in a totally different context, but still, much to the same effect, and suddenly he was sixteen again, confused and full of secrets.
Dean was too tired to argue with this logic, and the fact was that he hadn’t eaten yet, so the thought of anything warm and edible sounded good to him.
Cas sat up even straighter, but Dean, still leaning over him, didn’t move. They were mere inches apart now, their body heat almost buzzing with electricity between them, both of them bare-chested, and completely unprivy to the cold January night. They were so close. If Dean took a deep breath, he was sure their lips would meet, and his shallow breathing fastened, aching for Dean to fill his lungs. Aching to be closer to Cas. Their eyes were unblinking, in a staring contest and Dean didn’t know what the winning prize was, but he wasn’t about to lose. And it was easy, like breathing, or falling asleep, losing himself in Castiel’s eyes - like the deepest of oceans, like the clearest of crystals - and he didn’t want to wake up.
Without a word, Castiel started to slowly pull the covers away from him, until they no longer covered his legs. Dean felt the angel’s hand grab a hold of his, squeezing it gently.
but as sudden as it shone, it was gone again, and it left Dean staring at Cas’s chest, dumbfounded. Cas’s brow furrowed and he let out a grunt (which didn’t help Dean’s downstairs situation), and he realized Cas was about to wake up. He turned his back and ran into the bathroom closing the door behind him, by the skin of his teeth.
“Yeah, why not? Let me get ready and we’ll go.”
“Sounds to me like someone’s hiding something,” another hunter said.
The round trip to the nearest grocery store took him about an hour - most of which he spent combing through each and every corridor. Dean wasn’t the ‘make a list and grab the items’ type, at the store, he liked to take his time, he didn’t know what snacks would speak to him as he passed by, he liked giving them all his undivided attention. And he liked to do it alone. Sam was a list guy, and every time they went to the store together,
Cas smiled at that, raising his eyebrows and letting the back of his head hit the door frame behind him. “You have no idea,” and the angel chuckled -
“Errands for Bobby? Yeah, I’ve been told, and while Bobby seems to confirm your story, I don’t buy it for a second.”
,  and fired it without hesitation. There was no way the statue was able to dodge the rocksalt bullet in time, Dean thought. But the smug smile on his face faltered quickly because whatever was standing in front of him didn't appear to be faced by the bullet one bit.
“Hey Cas, hope you can hear me” He paused for a moment, opening one eye to check if the angel hadn’t casually just popped in, even though that would be impossible with the angel warding on the walls of the city, and probably the house as well. “So, I just wanted to check in with you, like I told you I would.”
“Oh, you must want these back” Cas stated when he noticed Dean’s eyes looking him up and down.
“So?” Bobby’s tone definitely held a grudge.
Being inside made him feel stuck and uneasy. Even though his father had left pretty quickly after their argument he couldn’t shake the feeling that he wasn’t wanted inside.
"You should have thought about that before coming here. I got a family to feed, sorry to disappoint." the leader responded mockingly. Before Dean could think of another reply, the werewolf bared his teeth, a snarling and growling sound escaped the back of its throat.
“Defiance, rebellion, call it whatever you’d like,” Metatron’s lips curled into a smile. “The point is, Joshua, I can't have that. I understand your loyalties lie with Michael, but see - ” He paused as if to build suspense “I can’t have that” His hand abruptly moved before Joshua could step back, and in a swift motion stabbed him in the chest.
“Unfortunate? That’s a crappy way to put it.” Dean huffed.
One month passed without much news from outside the walls and there was no progress in extracting information from Michael. Dean remembered learning about the angel Micheal in school. He was one of the four archangels and the leader of all other angels, he was said to be one of the most powerful.
“Oh,” Cas replied “Is mini-golf for miniature people? Because I don’t think our heights qualify.”
“I wanted to reach out to you sooner, but I didn’t know if I was being followed and I didn’t want to take any risks after what happened…”
“He’s an angel,” Jo looked up from her plate like it was obvious. “Isn’t he?” Well, the fucking cat was out of the bag apparently. She was as much in this as she could’ve gotten herself into. Which was an awful thing in and of itself, but truth was that Dean could use some help. In about twenty-four hours he would manage to toss his whole life upside down, this was a hail-mary, and if it didn’t work, it wouldn’t matter who knew and who didn’t, they’d just be a bunch of corpses keeping secrets,
“What? I thought you hated angels even worse than demons? Didn’t you use to say that you were able to understand demons better, because at least they were clear on their motives?” Sam was getting visibly vexed at Dean’s position on angels. He was usually the one to rationalize and try to have perspective on people, on monsters. However, this was going to have to be just another thing to add to the list of Dean’s long-kept secrets.
“Dean, what’s going on? Is there something you’re not telling me?” Sam bent a little closer to Dean, a soft expression on his face as if to say it was okay to talk to him, that he would never judge him.
“Tell him yourself,” Sam nodded in the direction of the kitchen door, to John.
“What do you mean, we’re here? This looks exactly the same as everywhere else we’ve passed through.”
“Wait, you guys do actually, you know? Do the devil's tango?” Dean raised his eyebrows.
The noise of static and eerie music blasted from the tv.
“Come here,” the words were an order barely audible, and then the angel reached out his arm, letting it fall limply on the linen, almost an unspoken invitation for Dean fill the space, and then his chest was reddening, a surge of color and heat rising to his neck, his ears, and finally, his cheeks. He was pretty sure he had never blushed this hard in his life,
Dean cleared his throat, on the list of things that were not appropriate this was way up there with watching porn at a funeral. After that, he tried hard to focus on anything other than Castiel’s lips or the way his eyes squeezed shut every few bites.
“Son,” John smiled up at him from where he was sitting at the table.
“Find Gabriel, do not engage. Report back to me.”
Dean could easily understand why that response would drive Jonh crazy, he knew for a fact that his dad saw angels as an active enemy, hell all the hunters did. The worst part was that Dean was actually starting to see things differently, he started to realize that the angels, at least part of them, didn't like this current situation any more than he did. From what Castiel told him, there was an angel going rogue upstairs, but that was not the general consensus.
now that was unheard of
“But having studied your facial expressions this looks like a positive affirmation.”
Dean had paid attention in school to all the lessons about angels, but the truth was that the hunters simply didn’t know a lot about them. He had spent a few hours researching them himself, but when it didn’t give him the immediate answers he was looking for he got bored. Guess he just wasn’t as big of a nerd as Sam.
He’d have to be quick about it, if any one of his dad’s friends recognized him anywhere near the box it would cost him a lot more than just a strongly worded argument, and he wanted to avoid that at any cost. He quickened his pace, trying to remember where the box was located in the building since he’d only been there once. Dean’s eyes skimmed through the corridor, counting the doors as he walked past them, mentally remembering which was which -  armory, storage, first aid, storage, library.
Dean was, and how much he was trying to ward himself from Castiel’s gaze, which made him feel like he was definitely prying. That’s something he felt, regularly, that he let his eyes study Dean’s body when he was not paying attention - how sometimes his shirt was tucked in just below his elbows, and his veins popped out, the way he passed his tongue through his bottom lip, distractedly, or in the rare occasions where he could see more skin, that’s when Castiel felt the most devious when his gaze wandered through the muscles and freckles across Dean’s back, and wistfully followed along as his hands unbuckled his belt - point being, there were moments when Castiel felt like he wasn’t as reverent as he should be when it came to Dean.
Dean wriggled his fingers nervously. He couldn’t get Jo’s voice out of his head, he went over their conversation multiple times. Why would she think Cas was anything but a friend, or a fellow hunter? Was it the way they talked? The way they walked? The way Dean looked at him? His mind wandered to thoughts of Castiel, and after a few moments an unsettling feeling set on the low of his back -
Castiel wasn’t sure about any of this, all he knew was that he trusted Gabriel, and he trusted Michael. And he desperately needed to protect humans from heaven’s politics, all of them, humans didn’t deserve to die for this -
He impatiently drummed his fingers on the steering wheel, normally he enjoyed driving and it was able to relax him like nothing else. But lately, he felt restless, the (pretty one-sided) conversation with his dad was heavy on his stomach, and he hadn’t actually heard from Cas in a few days. And they hadn’t even seen each other in two weeks, not after that awkward goodbye, the closure of spending those days together.
Something inside of him was telling him to wake the hell up. That there was definitely something wrong here, but Dean couldn’t reason with the warmth that was now relaxing his entire body and it didn’t take long before he dozed off.
to try, freeing Michael was the only way to protect both angels and humans alike.
“I was gonna go with
look, he was lucky Dean didn’t just kiss him right then and there, the truth was he was amazing, he was thinking it, and then he was saying it. - Cas had looked so flustered, didn’t speak a word, and even though at the time Dean was just trying to pretend he didn’t say anything, wishing he could take it back not to scare Cas away, eyes on the sky, he could still see him from the corner of his eye, fighting back a smile.
“Shifter.” Dean concluded with a nod. “Has to be more than one too, with the timing of the attacks. I say we wait ‘til tonight. Too many prying eyes.”
Titan asked.
He’d remembered the moment after the fire had gone out. The nuns’ bones had been reduced to ash and Dean had sat behind the wheel of the Impala for a moment to catch his breath, but he’d never caught it.
“I’d like that.” Clark nodded and the pair sat for a moment, hands intertwined, looking up in opposite directions, but at the same sky.
He turned to face what once was the bar. The windows were boarded up and the glass in a few of them was shattered. Old half broken bottles with long faded labels sat in the back near the dumpster. Dean felt his chest start to ache with longing. He wanted to go back. He wanted to do it right this time.
"I love that man more than anyone in this world," LeSalle explained. "I know what I want out of life. I hope, for ya sake Dean, ya figure it out too."
Dean's eyes widened at Sam's confession, just slipped in there quickly like a snake in a burrow. Sam put his hands in his pockets, debating saying something else to Dean, but Dean just shook his head and climbed into the Impala. He started the engine and gunned it in reverse. Sam jumped away from the tires, staring as Dean took off driving into town.
Maybe a little more than slight.
"We all did, kid." The manager patted Dean's shoulder and continued to signal for the bulldozer to come forward. Dean turned to his two companions, Castiel staring blankly and Sam wondering if Dean had lost his mind.
Dean broke into a smile. Sam, Eileen, and Castiel joined by their side, drinks in hand. Dean raised his and Jody and Claire followed suit.
He remembered this hunt very well.
His daughter smiled. She cracked, she hugged him hard. He held her tight as if he'd never let her go, running a comforting hand over her back. There were tiny tears in her eyes and as she pulled away, she wiped them. Future Dean moved the hair from her eyes.
Yet, there was that nagging feeling that Dean still felt, and the hunter bit his lip before providing Sam with another answer.
He'd heard those words before. From his dad. From Dean. From Ruby. Most of the time those six words were simply used to placate. To try and calm somebody down before they flew off the handle, even though nine times out of ten they were justified in flying off the handle.
Delilah walked off into the house and Dean took his leave from the porch, walking over to where Castiel stood.
The sound of Bane’s voice broke up a would be fight and the hounds all immediately dropped their front ends and bowed as their Leader approached. The shaggy black Newfoundland looked older by the day lately.
Once morning hit, and Dean realized he was capable of walking without falling over, he went to find Sam.
“Believe me,” Lucifer hesitated a moment, but then pressed his fingers to Charlie’s temples and closed his eyes. “You’re not the first to say that lately.”
Daniel got up from his bed, and quietly snuck down the hall to see what the fuss was about.
Dean nodded, feeling his eyes pricking with liquid at the corners, and he tried to will it away. What even was he anymore?
In less than five minutes, the room was full. Sam, Lucifer, Chaya, Ron, Kevin, Adam, and Ezra came from the left. Crowley appeared in a puff of smoke, followed not long after by Titan and Meg on the right. Balthazar flew in moments later, snapping his fingers to summon the other Angelhounds on guard outside. They appeared by his side with their eyes glowing. Another voice called out from behind Sam and Dean and the brothers turned to see a familiar redhead.
“I made a choice,” Castiel replies, sternly. “I will
"Gabri-el?" Sam's voice cracked and he started to get up. Gabriel placed his hands on Sam's shoulders. Dean tensed for a moment and Holly held him in place. He felt fire in his veins when Gabriel touched his brother, but as he kept watching he saw no hostility in Gabriel's gesture or his eyes. Sam met his gaze and Dean saw a sense of security, something foreign to his brother except in Dean's presence.
"Take me with you!" Daniel exclaimed, making it sound like the best idea in the world to him.
It was safe to reciprocate feelings, even if only for a night.
Daniel smiled.
Dean and Castiel came next, Castiel tiredly staring forward, and the fact that it was possible for an angel to be tired worried Daniel even more.
"Dean, a little help here?!" Sam yelled and Dean, painfully, reached his lighter and tossed it to Sam. Sam made a beeline for the doll and successfully grabbed it, sliding over to it as if he were sliding into home plate. Sam lit the doll's hair on fire and the ghost girl shrieked again, but this time she disappeared into a plume of smoke and fire.
All their lives the brothers had traded happiness for guns. Solitude for salt. Kinship for late night motel rooms and greasy diner food that, after a while, would surely kill a man. Sure, one-night stands satisfied the primal side, but Sam, from day one, had known he always wanted more out of life.
"Dude," Sam scoffed. "You look like shit. What happened?"
Titan explained.
“For tonight,” Balthazar said. “We rest. I do believe we have not spent much time together lately.”
That being said, it would be due to Daniel’s absence, but he wasn’t about to open up that can of worms just yet. It was hard enough, seeing his family going through such trials and tribulations.
Only, this time, this world would be the final draft. Once and for all.
Luckily, it was Sam who texted and Castiel sighed, looking around and trying his best not to brush against a passerby as he walked down the street, looking at the phone screen and deciding how to respond.
“A boy with manners,” Loretta remarked. “We love that. Why don’t ya get some food in ya sugar, ya look skinny as a rail.”
See you again real soon!
"They're pretty," his daughter croaked out, Future Dean wrapped the blanket he'd grabbed on his way tighter around her. "But…I-I wish I could see them from the tire swing."
“Magic,” Daniel muttered. “It must be magic.”
“What I mean is,” Sam explained. “Jess didn’t know about the life. Jess was…beautifully ordinary. But Cas…he’s-.”
“Excuse me.” Castiel nodded and quickly left the room, shutting the door hard behind him.
“You did good Winchester,” Jody mentioned and knelt down, extending her hand to each of the children. “Hello, I’m a good friend of your parents’. My name’s Jody.”
When they reached the end of the long dirt road they were greeted with another familiar sight. An older white house standing strong and proud among the desolate land surrounding it. The fence had been repainted and the grass was freshly cut. In the driveway sat four cars. A beautiful antique blue 1967 Mustang Fastback, the black 1999 Jeep Wrangler was a newer addition, and the two other older red and black Toyota Tacomas parked behind it also hadn’t been there before.
"Come," she motioned to him. "There's more inside."
“Nice outfit though.” the boy finished.
"Really?" Daniel asked.
"My daughter actually," Future Dean said, without too many qualms. "And yeah the things we do."
It all felt so useless. So fake.
"Get a room you two," Dean rolled his eyes and basically rolled out of the car's passenger seat, mad enough he hadn't gotten to drive.
The stab wound from Michael’s blade had long since scarred over, but the bone white color reminded Dean of the months before, when he’d sacrificed himself to keep Castiel and the others alive. It was strange, death had never impacted Dean in such a way before.
"Tag," she yelled. "You're it!"
"Well," he replied. "We haven't paid Jody a visit in a while. I say it's time."
“Here’s what we know,” Dean said. “God dicked us over, we’ve got three big bads coming up from Hell along with the two assholes we’ve already got, and we’ve got those big bads’ little minions killing people left and right for reasons we don’t know.”
Silence comes again, far too soon. Far too loudly, and its where Dean’s thoughts and emotions spill over from where they’ve been living. Everything he’s felt since that last moment in the bunker before darkness filled the room and Billie was dragged away screaming alongside a tear-stained angel, giving himself for the cause once again.
Gabriel reached out to try and heal Sam.
Ron Ryder’s breathing was ragged and there was a small rattling sound coming from his damaged lungs, but the Hellboy kept moving. He had to keep moving or he would certainly be tracked down by Austin and Tess and finished off as Austin had originally intended.
“I thought you looked older than you seem,” Alex nodded. “I may not know exactly what that specific situation feels like, but I know what it’s like to come from a bad situation in general into a strange new one and not know exactly where you fit in.”
"He watches over Daniel for your son's lifetime," Holly explained. "The entirety of your family as well. Even Sam while he's away."
He sat down. Claire still stared at the sky.
“You know it.” Adam smirked and got up from his seat, leaning down to kiss her forehead before getting into the other side of the bed.
"They're a part of life," Holly said. "Father knows I've learned mine."
“You mean the cage?” Sam swallowed hard. “You want to reopen the cage.”
"Yeah," Sam nodded. "I'll come. I just really need to get started on this hunt. Already down twenty people in the town because of this thing."
Daniel sat at the long table with the map of the world printed on it. Tiny red lights blinked all over, indicating other bunkers similar to their home. The young Nephilim stared at them, hypnotized by the flashes.
Castiel paused, looking at Dean as though he'd lost his mind.
“I want to help him,” Dean said. “But I don’t know how to go about that.”
“Take this back to the bunker,” Titan instructed. “I have to go attend to something.”
Read and Review!
Dean shrugged. Who was he to judge? He observed himself. He'd never been the best dancer in his life.
Castiel was feeling the leftover effects of a satiated heat. He’d always been told it was better than the alternative. It was nothing like when his past heats had naturally finished by themselves without assistance. Those had always left him doubled over in pain, crying out, and feeling overwhelming emotions to the point of wanting to obliterate himself on his own blade. He never had, but the feelings had always been too intense.
Holly took the steps one by one as if she'd walked them one million times before and Dean reluctantly followed. The interior of the house wasn't as bad as it seemed, the floors were a bit warped, but they were otherwise in place and stable. The kitchen was outdated and full of appliances no one had used in years. The stairs were rickety, but stable. The rooms were empty of all furniture. All was quiet, until Dean heard a bump from above them. It sounded like a scuffle was occurring. He reached for a nonexistent gun and immediately felt naked when it didn't fall into his palm.
"Well somebody's got balls all of a sudden." Dean glared.
Castiel paused, taking in the house, the yard, the real estate sign. He turned to Future Dean, cocking his head and looking confused in typical Castiel fashion.
The scene shifted. They were at a hospital. It was crowded and full of people running back and forth between rooms. Holly and Dean walked down the long hallway, it was as good a way to go as any. Dean breathed in the scent of antiseptic and sickness he hated so dearly. He tried to cover his nose, but it didn't help. The smell still permeated through his sleeve. Dean gave up and kept walking. Holly grabbed his jacket arm and stopped him.
"You ever think about it?" Gabriel asked. Dean knew what the archangel meant.
“No idiot,” Sam rolled his eyes. “I’m saying that maybe there’s a possibility that some of his grace or something was left behind when he rescued you from Hell.”
Meg nervously fiddled with a loose string on her jacket as she waited for her boyfriend to show up. It had been a day since Crowley had told her the news and Meg had spent the entire evening finding the right words to tell Titan the truth about what was going to happen to them in the upcoming months.
Jack looked up. His fingers squeezed his legs tightly.
Castiel found Sam in the library. He looked both ways upon entering, trying his best to read the room when Sam looked into his eyes.
“First of all,” Dean sputtered. “You know what, I’m gonna leave that one alone. Second, this dude is a monster, and you could have been killed! That’s why!”
“Be careful,” Dean jabbed Jack’s side with his elbow ever so slightly. “She’ll overfeed you.”
“No security cameras,” Ron asked another cop, clearly the lead on the investigation. “Nobody that could have seen this?”
“They’re here.” He muttered, knowing full well Eve could hear him, even back at their motel room. “Shall we begin the process?”
“Not that I’m complaining about our extended stay together,” Meg said, leaning into his chest as he held her. “But shouldn’t you be getting back to your charge soon?”
Clark felt his vision starting to go blurry. He was so damn tired, he could just pass out right then and there, but he fought the urge to close his eyes. Instead, he searched for his location and tried to read the phone screen and his hand shook so violently, he had trouble doing so.
"Save me," Dean choked out. "I didn't deserve it."
Dean stared hard into Castiel's eyes, allowing his head to dip ever so slightly, and his lips to graze the corner of the angel's mouth for a mere drunken moment. It was quick, the half kiss, and Dean immediately backed up after, leaving Castiel to stare in shock.
“It told me all of that,” Dean said. “It’s also butt ugly by the way. Like every piece of roadkill banged and had a baby.”
Something deep down told Dean there was favoritism in this hierarchy.
Dean Winchester knows the familiar groove in the old wooden door that his fingers fit nicely into. He knows he has to kick it ever so slightly to open it, just as he did the first time, he ever came to it. He knows the dirt and rocks on the ground wont get stuck in his boots, unlike the first time, once again.
What if Castiel didn't want to come back this time?
Dean finally mustered up enough strength to shake his head.
"It doesn't look safe…" Dean touched her shoulder, it felt remarkably cold. He let go when she jerked her head back to look him in the eyes.
“I just did,” Dean said. “For two days.”
When the angels arrived in Hell it was dank and musty. There were several caves and passages still blocked off from Abbadon’s destruction, and Crowley was in the process of trying to clean things up. As King of Hell, he was still in charge, but the demons were hard to control and hard to find after all that had happened. He had enlisted Meg to help him, promising her partial rule over the land should she ever desire it. Meg had declined, but still stood by Crowley’s side as he barked out orders to crossroads demons and tried his best to regain his strength and powers and repair their home.
“I love you too Dean.” Castiel replied, using his grace to bring his wings forth into their invisible form on the Earthen plane. The angel wrapped them around Dean, the hunter only feeling deeper warmth than previously before, but none the wiser as to why.
And his father was sitting in the driver’s seat, taking him God knows where.
Dean watched the scene unfold before him. Delilah and LeSalle sauntered down the aisle, both dressed to the nines. Loretta joined in about halfway, taking LeSalle’s right arm. Deacon stood to the right side of the arch, acting as a best man to Drew. LeSalle's friend Amber stood on the other side, acting as his. Drew Tanner stood at the altar, hair slicked back, freckles visible in the sun along with a long scar across his cheek, a memento from the Eve hunt when she’d possessed him.
"Some friend," Dean scoffed. "What 'friend' kills his friend's brother repeatedly just for kicks?"
(See the end of the chapter for
“You want to throw
It was in moments like this, he pictured falling off that bookshelf.
“I’ll drink ta that.” Bobby clinked his glass against Crowley’s.
the suspect, who Dean had learned his name was Aiden, said. “
"You've been asking me an awful lot of that question lately." Dean chuckled and groaned as he got to his feet, still supported by Castiel's right half.
It was much later when Dean told Castiel he was setting out.
In fact, that was the point behind the whole escapade, which he had somehow convinced Sam to come along. To forget.
“I’m working on it,” Dean side eyed the chick in the red white and blue bikini. Star tassels hung from her boobs.
"There was more to it than that though."
“I like it here.” Daniel finished.
Daniel scrambled off up the stairs to wash his face. Sam and Gabriel stepped through the front door, each wearing a matching Santa hat. Dean's daughter got up from her spot on the couch and walked over towards the door, taking the bags of gifts off of Sam and Gabriel's hands. Castiel greeted them each with a warm hug and Future Dean patted Sam on the back during his. Sam scratched behind Titan's ears and the Angelhound gave a content sigh. Daniel bolted down the stairs.
Dean was tired when he returned to the motel room. Bone tired, as he liked to call it. He looked out the back-motel room sliding doors to see Castiel sitting outside, staring up at the same sky Dean had been looking at prior.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Why'd you lie to Dean?" Jody asked, spinning around in an armchair near the couch. She had a cup of tea in front of her and a book in her hand.
Moments later, something shifted, and a feeling of realization overcame Castiel. Sam had not been trying to attack Dean in any way. They were simply going for the same door and their hands touched abruptly. Castiel’s instincts had taken over. Instincts that were in overdrive because of what was going on.
“What say we get out of here for a little bit?” Sarah smirked.
He took a small step forward towards Castiel. Dean’s hands shook as he lifted them to the angel’s cheeks. He stared into blue eyes, feeling everything all at once. Castiel’s eyes lidded as he watched Dean’s lips grow closer. Dean and Castiel stood on the edge of the water, it trickled down their necks and bodies.
Songs Mentioned:
“There is no need to fight,” Ezra spoke up, and swallowed hard once all eyes were on him. “We can figure this out.”
Castiel stared Jack in the eyes and Jack felt this overwhelming sense of anxiety. Castiel had been on edge ever since they’d returned from the training session. The angel had been jumpy, hiding his hands, appearing as though he was uncomfortable in his own skin.
It was pitch black outside by the time Dean couldn’t keep his eyes open anymore and had to try his hardest not to fall asleep, fighting his heavy eyelids. Cas was going on about something Dean was really trying to focus on, but he had no clue what continent he was even talking about, much less the time period, but he nodded along anyway - Cas’ voice was way better to drift off to, than Sam’s
“You know your mom wouldn’t be happy if we let you come with us.” Sam joined in.
“Information, of course.” Michael's lips curled into a smile. “Your father was the expert they called to extract information from me, and when his ways failed, obviously, he asked me if there was anything that would make me talk, any information that would make me spill all of Heaven’s secrets.”
’ list he kept in his mind. Spaghetti Tacos and Ginger Ale, he grinned as Cas managed to make the biggest mess ever, tomato sauce all over his hands and chin, but an amused smile and full mouth.
“I’ll report it to my brother, maybe he can make sense of what we found.”
A few minutes ago he’d been so certain of everything, of how he felt betrayed and how Castiel had been the one to do it. Now, the idea seemed to laugh in his face. After hearing Cas’s perspective he wasn’t so sure who had betrayed whom. The way there had been no explanation, no excuses felt more real to him than anything else the angel could have told him. Castiel had asked for trust, and at the first moment he’d taken it back, still, he didn't shove it in his face, he never accused him of anything, and that was how he knew he’d been wrong.
It took him a second to notice that Sam was standing in his doorway, his expression somewhat amused.
“Hello, Dean.”
Curt raised his eyebrows, “Oh, no, not at all.”
“Well, we were talking about the warehouse, and how the boxes we found were likely filled with angel blades.” Castiel’s expression turned serious and he cleaned the corners of his mouth with a napkin. “So that led me, as I said, to a very unsettling conclusion.”
The bar was familiar enough. Dean was pretty sure he’d been before. Hell, he wasn’t sure where he was, he’d just kept driving past the walls - he just needed to have some distance between him and his world.
Dean felt his face heat up. “What else would we talk about?”
“Dean, you’re home” John stepped into the kitchen and his face was a perfect reflection of his anger, and Dean thought about leading them into the living room, away from the kitchen filled with sharp objects.
“Well don’t be so sure about that,” Bobby said while sipping his beer.
, why did Cas even come here in the first place if he couldn't
“And have you?” Metatron’s questions were short and concise, speaking to him as if he was a young seraph, slowly and loudly, and it was getting on his nerves “Gotten rid of them?”
“We ambushed them,” Bobby shook his head, taking his hat off to brush his fingers through his hair. “They never meant to hear them out, I knew it, I’ve warned them so many times, but they never listen to me, do they? I’m just a drunken old man” His voice grew louder, he was clearly angry, but Dean wasn’t listening anymore. “Well, we are definitely more screwed than Hogan's goat, you boys better mark my words. If they think the angels will let this one slide, they’ve got another thing coming.”
He waited and he looked around again. There was no sign that Castiel might have heard him, but then why would there be? Whether Cas had heard him or not, there was no way that they would meet each other again soon. Dean wanted to deny that he felt empty at the thought of never seeing Castiel again, but he couldn’t. Whatever crap bonding had happened between them had royally fucked with his perception of angels. Well, at least his perception of one angel.
The sky darkened with heavy clouds and the shadows disappeared, one by one until they stood facing each other in the cover of complete darkness. Across from the still unmoving group, one man stood tall. He was making an effort to look as steady as the ones in front of him, but the rising and falling of his chest gave his nerves away. Still, he didn’t move any more than they did.
“Yeah, haven’t you heard? They’re ranking the hunters from the top down. Every man and woman that can fight, will. There are mandatory training sessions by age and all that jazz. Isn’t that why you’re here?”
It seemed that luck was on his side, either that or Cas was an extremely heavy sleeper, which was what he was going for,
Sam’s eyes widened as far as they’d go without popping out of their sockets, “You had sex with him? How is that nothing?” he whispered in a tone that might as well have been shouting. Dean looked around, paranoid.
At the command center, every high rank hunter had been extremely busy with getting more information out of their prisoner. So far Michael had been indifferent to all attempts of the hunters trying to extract information. That’s why, three months after his capture, the angel was still locked away in the city’s highest security cell, or in hunters' terms; the box.
“Sometimes yes, though not all of us have had the occasion.” The angel’s eyes darted to look anywhere but at Dean.
“Gabriel, devilishly handsome and proportionately clever.” The archangel extended his hand to greet Dean, a conceited smirk on his lips. He was met with a sturdy shake and a somewhat reserved smile. Castiel could tell Dean wasn’t sure how to act.
Jo smiled knowingly, nodding for him to go on. Dean couldn’t help but look away, he felt his ears burn as he continued to talk.
“Everything in order, then?” Dean could hear Barnes asking the stranger. The three men were walking toward the exit but stopped before going their separate ways.
He sighed.
he turned around, hoping to be inconspicuous, -
“That’s just a - nevermind. Then why the hell would an
“You remember what we talked about?” Dean tried to shake the feeling away, looking somewhere other than their hands.
“Go!” Cas shouted at him. Dean’s blood was starting to boil, anger bubbling to the surface. He went against his every instinct and walked the opposite way from where he was supposed to be running toward. “Go, Dean!” Cas repeated as if saying it in a lower, raspier voice would make Dean more obedient.
Dean just stared at him, mouth agape, wide-eyed and silent. Castiel couldn’t read him. There was no guessing what Dean could’ve been thinking, and the room fell quiet.
“Are you okay?” Castiel bent his knees over him on the ground, extending a helpful hand for Dean to grab onto. He looked him over and saw his foot caught between a risen root and the dirt beneath it, twisted in a direction Castiel was sure was not the correct one, anatomically speaking.
“Morning son,” John Winchester said through the open window.
The jeans were just slightly too long on him, but the white shirt fit tight around his chest. Dean smiled proudly,
“I think it’s safe to assume that an angel had to have given hunters the blades.” He sighed, a deep sorrow etched in the creases of his forehead, and pursed lips framed his eyes. “This is unquestionably serious if it is true. Angel on angel violence, even if it is through the weaponizing of hunters, is the worst crime any angel can commit.”
Cas stepped away from him, and made his way into the kitchen area, staring at the cupboard and the displayed utensils.
They’d been walking for a few hours when Dean was about to throw a bitch fit and have Cas admit they were lost.
“A bubble bath,” Castiel reiterated, seemingly very pleased with his answer the more he thought about it. “Have you tried it?”
“But-”
"How did you-, where is-" Dean couldn't finish one question before the next rolled off his tongue.
John walked through the door, dropping his bag on the floor next to the couch, and greeted his kids. He seemed to be in a good mood, and Dean felt a wave of relief wash over him as he couldn’t deal with yet another fight.
This look didn’t suit him, John Winchester rarely let himself slip like this. Like this, Dean could just see the weight of his years, like he was carrying around fifty-so years of built-up stress and bullshit. It was weird seeing him like this, his defense low and his strong demeanor wavering, and Dean didn’t know what to think of it.
“She’s beautiful, I can see the resemblance,” Cas smiled at him and Dean instantly felt the heat rising on his neck and up to his cheeks.
Dean turned to search for Cas’s eyes, expecting to see a pained expression, for Cas to see his brother, his friend, like this must be awful. But he was wrong, the Cas he saw was stoic, a soldier; focused and resolute. He followed Cas’s every move as his fingers slid their way over and around the iron bars that separated them.
“Good, because I left it in that Vonnegut book and I wasn’t sure you’d find it.” Dean interrupted him, a noise rolling off his tongue that Castiel could only assume was a nervous laugh. “Are you still staying at that motel?” Dean was in an apparent urge to speak of anything, it seemed. “Across from the Mischievous Woman or whatever it’s called.”
“Ah,” Dean nodded. “That's why you looked more constipated than Sam after he went gluten-free for three weeks?” He chucked at what was probably an inside joke.
Dean nodded. That still wasn’t an answer. “Remember Cas - no lies, no passing, no consequences.”
, but-” he noticed Cas’s look. “That works too,” Dean nodded and quickly went into explaining what Bobby had told him, even though there wasn’t much to go on.
He gripped himself tight, mimicking the way Cas had held onto his ankle, and a violent shiver went up his spine, pleasure radiating from the tip of his fingers, moving slowly and methodically now, up his entire back and down his legs. He soaped up and kept stroking, abdominal muscles jumping in anticipation, he closed his eyes and his hand was not his anymore, it was Cas’s and it slid up and down his length, Dean let out short and breathless moans that echoed in the bathroom. He licked his lips, hungrily, wanting more, and his mind indulged, images of Cas burned into the back of his eyelids - Cas in his boxers, Cas still sleeping, Cas laughing, Cas’s lips on his and he was back on that night, except this time they’d get further. A sharp moan fell out of his mouth, probably louder than it should be, and he was close,
Dean nodded in agreement
He didn’t like killing from the back.
“This is for Isham,” The angel muttered, “for Benjamin,” like a chant over him, repeating names of angels Dean had never known. Dean’s body was producing enough adrenaline to keep the angel’s arm at bay, but he wouldn’t hold out for much longer, and angels didn’t get tired the same way he did. “filthy mud-monkey, you thought you could get away with killing angels of the lord?” the angel kept going, in the same chanting voice. What angels did aim for apparently, was to waste time with their prey, and Dean could work with that.
“Easy to talk, you’re the one with the flashlight,” Dean muttered softly. Either his dad didn’t hear it, or he chose to ignore it.
He got to the door, trying not to look back as he walked out, where everyone could see him. Not that he could count on any of his neighbors to intervene if it really came down to it. Dean tried to jog to his car, more limping than actually running, pain radiating from basically everywhere. His bad leg was throbbing, and Dean cursed the damn werewolves for the scar that still bothered him, he cursed at everything and everyone he could think of. Except for the few people who were actually there for him. He didn’t curse Sam, he didn’t curse Cas, in fact, thinking of Cas was the only thing that kept him from giving up and just dropping to the floor. He wasn’t sure why his mind went straight to Cas, maybe because he had healed him multiple times, or because Cas was the only thing that brought him joy lately. He could see the Impala now, just around the corner, and more thoughts of Cas and the time they had been spending together busied his brain, made him shift his focus from the pain. He allowed himself to dwell on the thoughts for once. He allowed his mind to picture Cas’s face and what he looked like when he smiled, the way his voice sounded, and how Castiel’s wings had been the most amazing thing Dean had ever seen in his life
- and Dean’s feet seemed to forget how to walk, making him stumble and almost fall flat on his face.
Sam looked down to his glass, half-embarrassed by his brother’s antics, and half-amused, most likely glad to see Dean act like his normal self again. Sam shook his head, with a smile.
“The same guy who was wearing your jacket?”  Of course, she had noticed.
“Now how about we discuss a way to kill these angel basterds?” Curt spoke.
“Be quiet,” Castiel ordered in a low, hoarse voice that managed to drive Dean absolutely insane.
“So, you’ve probably put two and two together by now, but I think I know what was in those boxes in the warehouse...” Dean said as he put deodorant on.
Castiel’s ears burned with the embarrassment of having been caught searching for him.
“Okay, they’re gone. I believe we should move now,” Castiel said and Dean had never been happier to just go put himself in harm’s way.
Cas’s gaze never trembled, never quivered. Still looking
"Be quiet."
Though it was quiet in Pittsburg there was a sense of restlessness that Dean couldn’t quite place. Why would Bobby’s friend ask them to come all this way, if he was gonna skip town himself?
- he had told the angel, who still seemed unconvinced with the idea that burgers, as Dean had put it, could have been the one thing to resolve every major conflict in history.
“Thanks, Cas,” It was the obvious thing to say, and it seemed like it was the only thing he said today.
“It’s okay, Bobby.” Dean tried to stand up from the couch. He didn’t want anyone undergoing his father’s temper while he was the one who deserved it.
“Nice try old man,” Dean couldn’t help but let out a laugh.
“In a second. First I want to know how it went.” Sam looked at him, wary.
Suddenly it wasn’t so cold, as he felt the warmth of Castiel’s body next to his, barely touching. He tried not to look at him.
before you interrupted, Curt explained that it needed to be as far away from Michael as humanly possible, as there was always a risk of the thing floating back into him, or something.” Bobby got up with a grunt, heavily supporting his bad hip. He turned to one of the shelves behind him, aiming right at something (how that was possible, in the absolute mess of a system he had, Dean didn’t know.)
Dean stood outside the motel door for what felt like an eternity, but in reality, it couldn’t’ve been more than a few minutes. His fist, balled, hovered over the door for a while, before he could bring himself to knock. After his talk with Sam about his research, he just
much less by an angel, somehow that fact just made it all worse.
“Great,” Dean tried to sound polite, “we can take my car.”
“I’ll explain later, Sam, promise. I gotta go now.” He rushed through the goodbye and hung up before Sam could get another word in. He felt lighter somehow, like a weight he'd been carrying had been temporarily lifted off his shoulders.
you know?”
“Then I’d like that,” Castiel gave him a smile, but Dean could see it didn’t reach his eyes. He wondered for a moment if he had fucked up completely, and the guilt struck him once again.
She stared at him, still and steady, the doubt looming over her head was not reflected on her posture.
“It is a serious accusation.” Gadreel remarked.
The bar was pretty packed for a Tuesday night, but they caught a free table by the back door and Dean asked Jo for a beer.
“I know, it’s just a classic pickup line.” Dean laughed at how clueless the angel could be, even if he found it amusing, more than annoying.
An idea had occurred to him, one where he didn’t actually need to get rid of them, just keep them out of trouble. And if they became a nuisance in the meantime he would deal with it, in some way, before Metatron would be the wiser. He never expected to actively rebel against Metatron’s cause, never in a million years did he guess he would not only not follow orders, but to allow the kid he healed, a grown man now, to get to know him, and to spend so much time with a human.
bluff his way out.
“Can you stand still?” Cas made no effort to pull him up, his hand pressed against the low of Dean’s back again. Dean didn’t let go of the shirt and ended up just inches away from him. Cas’s voice was always so deep and raspy and Dean couldn’t help the way his blood traveled, below his belt. With every word Cas spoke, and with the way Dean felt the warm touch on his back, he was aching more for their skin to touch.
“It is not in times of peace great leaders are born, it is in wartime soldiers pledge loyalty to their chief commander, in their own blood, at the cost of their own lives. That is what he wants - complete and utter subservience - and if he has to wipe off humans from this planet to get it, then that’s just a happy coincidence.”
“What does that mean? And what the hell is a barley?” Dean had never spoken much with this particularly strange man. He’d seen him around, and heard of his knowledge, but had never had the chance to talk to him like this before. Everything Bobby said about him made sense now,
“That’s ridiculous, I know clothes don’t have teeth,” Castiel said, but his voice wasn’t nearly as witty as before, and he refused to look at Dean.
“I need you to find anything you can regarding angels and prophecies. Any omens of things to come, you write it down and give it to me, get it?”
"Close your eyes, Dean."
“We just executed the spell and it worked like a charm. The archangel didn’t know what hit him.” Commander Barnes barked out, followed by laughter which was joined in by the others.
"Is this all they teach you in hell, you black-eyed son of a bitch?" Dean uttered angrily through his clenched teeth.
The angel’s demeanor didn’t change, it rarely did. Michael’s expression resembled that of a father at his kids’ terrible soccer game, bored and considerably annoyed.
“Hey man,” Sam let himself fall on the sofa, looking up at Dean, who sat at the kitchen table, cleaning his shotgun. “Where have you been? I feel like I never see you these days.”
Dean’s heart sank. He didn’t want Cas to leave, and more so, he didn’t want Cas to be sent off to some mysterious mission, especially not with the negotiation going on later that night. He didn’t want to picture Cas standing across the hunters, he didn’t want to picture him talking to commander Barnes or his dad, he didn’t want to picture what would happen if either one of them stepped out of line and - No he wouldn’t let himself think the worst, even if the angels did attack, Cas would never kill them just out of spite, or at least that’s what he had to tell himself.
...Out of all the doors, this was the only locked one,
“And how are we going to do that? You can't just march into town, you’re basically a poster boy for angels.”
“What do you mean?”
The inside of the club resembled the cheap exterior and tacky name perfectly. The walls were lit by bright pink and deep blue lights, giving it a nostalgic look that made Dean feel right at home. Heavy bass music, the kind that makes your heart jump, drowned out the light chatter of the few visitors that sat at the tables on both sides of the room. It was still early so the place wasn’t nearly as packed as it could have been, but still, a few middle-aged guys sat around, submissively throwing ones on stage, and avoiding eye contact with any other soul in there. Most of them looked like they had families to return to, a wife waiting at home while their high school sweethearts wasted their money away on a depressingly younger girl, old enough to parade around in her underwear for money, but still looking young enough to be their daughter's friend from school.
"Don’t," the angel ordered.
Cas’s body tensed for a second, before removing his hand from his lap and letting Dean rest his legs on the angel’s lap. And as soon as Dean let himself relax, melting into the couch cushions, he didn’t have much trouble asleep.
“I have to go. I didn’t want to wake you, or leave you when I promised I’d stay.”
For thousands of years he’d had no problem doing whatever was necessary, unpreoccupied with moral values and choices - that was never his job, his job was to do whatever he was expected to, he was a soldier in a war, a puppet on strings, heaven’s personal gun, fired in a direction and he’d shoot. He fought for Heaven whatever that might’ve meant. And now, Heaven was divided, angels having to make decisions they weren’t prepared to make, taking action into their hands, this was all headed down a dangerous path.
“Cas?” It came out more like a broken whisper, but Dean didn’t care. He didn’t care what the angel thought of him in this moment, because Cas was alive, he was
“Yeah,” Bobby looked pleased about the change of subject. “I heard something about an abandoned office building in Colorado being infested with demons.”
Dean thought as he dropped what he was doing and stood upright, just waiting for his father to turn the corner and find him there in the kitchen. This was about to be a major shitshow and Dean wished he’d left earlier.
Dean took another sip of his beer, the bitter and cold liquid drowning his tongue before sliding into him. He would have to rely on liquid courage tonight.
Dean had been there countless times, he knew the command center like the back of his hand. However, there were secrets hidden in there that even he didn’t know anything about. His heartbeat fastened as he got closer to the entrance, normally this wouldn’t faze him, but this was different. He was actively looking for something that could be wrong, or actively looking for trouble like his dad would say. If he got caught he would simply play it off as looking for his dad, even though Dean knew very well his dad was outside the walls right now. Nothing bad was going to happen, he tried to convince himself.
Dean had seen this question coming a mile away, he had just hoped he could distract Sam long enough not to talk about it. Not to mention that Sam had to take things even further -
“Let me guess, that was your idea?” Sam shook his head
Dean nodded. There wasn’t much else to say. He didn’t want to go, but he knew he had to.
He hoped it would be enough to catch Cas’s attention, seeing as he was darting his eyes over Dean’s shoulder and to meet his gaze every other second. Dean could hear them getting closer now. He knew they had to run. His whole body, with the muscle memory from all his hunting years, begging him to move, the self-preservation instincts about to take over. But he just had to wait for Cas’s reaction, he had to know he wasn’t going to lose him today, not if Cas could help it.
He’d said it to Cas before leaving so hastily. He never did check in. And that thought kept him awake.
The door opened to reveal Jo, still in her pajamas, holding a bowl of cereal in her hands.
They finally got to the car and Dean slowly lowered Sam onto the back seat of the Impala. Luckily the car park was nearly empty and there were no prying eyes to watch Dean as he cursed under his breath. He was leaning against the hood of his car, trying to block out the pain by taking slow and deep breaths, something Bobby had once taught him. Though the skin around the wound on Dean’s leg had closed up, the area around it felt tight and swollen. His muscles weren’t nearly as strong as they were before his run-in with the werewolves and it annoyed the shit out of him. He used to be one of the better hunters (
This human was becoming a regular passenger in his mind, all their late-night encounters, all their conversations seemed to exist in a space where time and place did not - like they had no beginning and no end, they just lingered there. In the same realm of existence as Dean’s prayers, whose words echoed in the distance, always ringing in the back of Castiel’s mind, like a song he just couldn’t get out of his brain. And for the most part, this was okay. This was acceptable. It was just something Castiel had been learning to live with - this constant voice inside, Dean’s voice - he’d gotten used to it. But in this moment, he wished he could just erase all memory of this voice.
Upon entering Welldale, Dean started navigating his way through the familiar streets. The main road of the town was nothing special, or least of all suspicious, it had the typical all-American look about it.
“Yeah, yeah. I’ll be fine.” Dean put away his cell phone after he heard the familiar click that indicated the call had ended.
“Yes, it’s definitely coming from here” Cas confirmed, extending it so Dean could smell it too.
“If I can just get this to--” Cas tried to explain, as he finger painted the tree in his own blood, “--it’s supposed to ward us off, at least for a few minutes.” That would be a good idea if it wasn’t such a terrible idea. There wasn’t time.
Dean laughed, “yeah she tried to get the school to call dad, but he wasn’t even around to punish us until days later.”
So this was where they were at, Castiel thought, it remained a mystery to him how humans would always pretend certain events hadn’t occurred, just in order to keep things civil. It had always seemed ridiculous from the outside, but now, he just felt relieved they wouldn’t have to address it. Exactly as Castiel had thought, Dean had never wanted it to happen in the first place, and he was prepared to never speak of it again, even if the thought of doing so felt heavy in his stomach.
half-sob echoed in the alley, as Dean yelled at the angel, unaware of the tears threatening to fall down his face.
The words hit him harder than the steel door and he felt like he’d just been punched in the gut. Dean made himself breathe through it because if there was anything worse than having Sam actually say these words to him, it would be to have Sam see his reaction to them.
“Yes, look Jo it was great running into you but we really have to go.” Dean tried to find a quick end to this really unwanted encounter.
“I’m not going anywhere.” He added, sending a wave of warmth through Dean, like someone stepping on his heart with fuzzy socks. And he couldn’t really argue with the fact that he needed to sleep, that much was obvious. He looked around, eyeing the bed in the only room, not really wanting to move all the way there, and moving further from Cas.
“Yeah, let’s just treat it like any other hunt,” Dean muttered, overwhelmed. How was he supposed to get Michael’s grace from freaking South America? “Good job guys. Thanks.”
He had set out to reform the way things got done in Heaven, more specifically, the way angels interacted with humanity and did their job. For example, one of the ‘directions’ he’d given them in the meeting was to change the way the apparition angels interacted with humans - ever since Castiel could remember these angel’s job was to appear to people of extreme faith, in dire times of need, in order to maintain Heaven’s hold on every major religion - it was necessary, sometimes fate needed a little push, and the apparition’s angel’s jobs, all throughout history had an important role in the way the modern world came to be - and so, Metatron’s new
“And that someone should be you?” Another angel had appeared out of thin air, just a few steps from Metatron's seat.
Half hours turned into full hours, and Castiel sat, waiting. He’d lose himself in thoughts, going over the same things again and again - the fight, the drunken accident, the plan. In fact,  Gabriel’s plan seemed more ridiculous by the second, Dean would never agree to what they were going to ask of him. While this was the inescapable truth hanging above their heads, Castiel couldn’t give up without trying, he
“We don’t keep…” He couldn’t continue the lie, he would think of something later, but right now, over the phone and with Sammy eavesdropping, he couldn’t risk telling Bobby the truth, especially considering a whole angel massacre had just gone down and he was literally bunking with the enemy. “We’ll talk later, I swear, now, for the love of everything that is sacred, would you please just tell me how they did it?”
His eyes were blurry and no amount of coffee could help him now. The words mixed together, and trying to decipher Sam’s scribbles was hard enough to do when he was well rested, but doing it after what was aiming to be the longest day ever, was damn near impossible. He kept glancing over at the clock on the wall. The minutes were slow to pass, and the hours even more so. Outside, the sun had long set and the moon was full enough to cast a clear shadow of the impala outside, over the dirt. Dean stared out the window and up to the sky.
, he reminded himself.
He kept his eyes on the lake and watched as his own breath became visible in the cold night sky.
“I’m not. I’m lying to you.” A boyish grin eased his concern, Dean was kidding. He followed the hunter’s gaze as he closed his eyes and let himself fall backward until he was laying on the dirt. “I’m a big boy Cas, I can handle a twisted ankle.”
“I’ve always been interested in learning more about angels, my dad is completely against it, of course.” He tried, and when Curt’s smile widened, continued, “I was wondering, do you think everything we learn in school about angels is accurate?”
something - and so, from that moment on he found himself chasing that kind of high over and over again. But this? This kind of interaction with a human? Allowing himself to be seen, and engaging with him, was something completely new - and
“Your necklace, what is it?” Castiel’s eyes dropped down from Dean’s face to his chest, where the brass pendant dangled from the black cord around Dean’s neck.
“This is your grace?” The hunter’s voice held something Castiel couldn’t quite place, but then it dawned on him that it must have nothing but bad connotations for Dean.
“Me too,” Hael fastened her pace to match with Castiel’s. “Metatron is a great leader, isn’t he? Who would have thought?” She smiled, and Castiel had to make an effort not to roll his eyes. But he couldn’t help but notice that this was the way angels were supposed to be, naive and used to following along, like ignorant sheep that had no clue when they were being led astray.
“I see,” a smile flashed over Cas’s face briefly, before ordering Dean to go rest. “Go sit down on the couch, and try not to move too much.”
caught his breath, they were only a few minutes away from the training compound.
“We’re not sure he means to save him at all,” Castiel’s forehead creased and his mind seemed to be lost somewhere else.
If you'd like to you can find me on
“So we’re eavesdropping now huh,” Dean raised his eyebrows.
Cas had zapped away, almost as soon as he’d left Dean back at the cabin. He’d been all urgency and grief over having left Gabriel, and Dean could understand that. Castiel had gone to gather Gabriel’s army, with a sense of responsibility, rather than of power. Dean could see it in the way he moved like he was trying to make himself smaller than he was, like he didn’t want to lead anyone.
“Yep. There are things going on inside those walls you have no idea” Sam laughed, taking another sip of his beer. He was right, he bet there were some secrets that were better left like so.
“Good-” He was about to start, but Sam interrupted.
“I’m sure that’s only partly true,” Sam offered a small smile. “Why would you think that? Is it something that dad said?”
By the time dinner was ready, Dean’s stomach was growling so loud it was almost painful. Despite the awkward air between Bobby and John, dinner was actually enjoyable. Ellen had prepared roast chicken with all the side dishes a person could dream of, it was probably way too much food but Dean would never be the one to complain. For the first time in weeks, Dean felt able to relax, putting aside his worries for at least a little bit. He laughed when Jo tried to comb through Sam’s hair with her fork, in her defense his brother could do with a haircut.
Dean nervously tapped the coffee mug with his fingers. The last thing he wanted was more mention of angels,
“It can be,” Castiel looked up and his blue eyes met Dean’s.
And he’d just thought about it.
“Short version or the long version?”
He didn’t need to bend down on one knee and put his hands together, for Cas to hear him,
“Can I ask
“I’m guessing they told you already?” Dean made himself known. He cleared his throat, feeling a little nervous.
“Really?” Dean felt the rage build up. “And how exactly am I doing that?’ Oh, if only his dad knew half of it, really he was putting Cas in danger, so much more than his family because he knew for certain, Castiel wouldn't hurt them. He sighed mentally, he didn’t know, actually, but he wanted to believe it so bad, he’d put his money where his mouth was, or in this case, his family.
“Good, because I need you boys on the same team. We’ve caught wind of a new lead, a possible angel sighting near lake Lacua.”
But Castiel couldn’t wait any longer, he turned his body around before Dean could get to ‘three’ and they now found themselves facing each other, this was even worse, Castiel let a hoarse groan escape his lips.
“You think they’re watching the city,” Dean stated.
“Thank you,” John Winchester’s voice echoed. “We’ll be in touch.” Dean had rarely heard his dad sound so formal, so uptight. Who on earth could he be talking to? He looked at Cas who was also eyeing the three men attentively, and Dean studied the angel’s expression closely, it was clear that he recognized one of them, and Dean had a gut feeling that it wasn’t one of the hunters he recognized, he wondered if he wanted to know what this meant.
All the hunters older than 18 could join training five days a week. And when they weren’t in dangerous circumstances, everyone got to go home during the weekend. People who didn’t fit the age category, or weren’t capable of fighting lived in the outer circle. Because of the city’s size, the outer circle was divided into zones; Alpha, Beta, Charlie, Delta, and Echo. Each zone held a watchtower which were all connected by a tall, wooden barrier wall. Unknown to most, an intentional pattern, existing out of pure iron, ran from all five towers across each other, forming a giant pentagram. While this sounds like a nice little touch of decoration, it actually served a purpose. Because what most outsiders didn’t know was that the real meaning behind their city’s name; Hunters' City, was exactly what it sounds like, a city full of hunters. But the hunters didn’t chase after deer, they were not after animals at all for that matter. They protected the people from the real evil out in the world. The evil that some people might speak of as the boogeyman in children’s books. Apart from the fact that these monsters didn’t (normally) live in other people’s closets, most of them did actually roam the earth freely. Demons, werewolves, vampires, skinwalkers, wendigo’s, witches, and well, the list goes on. Though that was nothing compared to their current enemy. The enemy that no one could have foreseen. An enemy that history had spoken of greatly in holy books, and humans had built places for to worship their power. And while their existence had been contemplated, their loyalty had never been questioned before.
“Yes.” Cas stood to his feet, too, but didn’t pay much attention to the storm outside. “I know where Gabriel is,” a small pause, and then “and they know I’ll be coming for him, so this isn’t going to be pretty.” He said it like he was giving Dean an out as if saying ‘last chance to back down’.
“I am. Even though the title is quite misleading, this has nothing to do with felines.”
However, Dean felt more impressed than he would ever admit to. Angels might be dicks, but this was awesome.
“Michael” Dean remembered, trying to focus past the touch of the angel “Do you trust him?”
Dean didn’t want to lead anyone either. Much less a band of raging hunters, most of them older than he was even sure he’d live to be, all looking for a fight, and armed to their teeth for it. Still, he had to play his part, and Cas had to play his -
Once again Dean found himself surrounded by tall trees and still water. At first, he wasn’t sure if he was actually asleep, but the forest seemed too peaceful to be real.
“You heard me. You walk around with this big shot attitude, pretend like you’re some fucking saint, like we are lucky to have a dad like you. Well, guess what? I don’t think you would even qualify for a participation trophy, I basically had to raise Sammy on my own.” Dean could tell his dad was taken by surprise, he’d never had either of his sons talk back to him like this. “And all because, what? You’re trying to get
“Just one of my many qualities,” Dean smiled sarcastically.
"They've really outdone themselves this time, I'll tell you that," Bobby didn't meet their gaze and his hand reached towards a bottle of whiskey even though it couldn’t be 8 am yet.
“An angel, Metatron, is the one causing this, he wants the rule of Heaven. With Michael gone, he gets a seat at the table, making the calls.”
Dean stood in the middle of the room, looking at Castiel. He let his arms fall down, hitting the sides of his jeans, "well, this is it”. Cas looked around the motel room. The room was dimly lit, just one lightbulb hanging from the ceiling, and a small bedside table lamp casting a weary yellowy light against the painted walls. The carpet was a brownish color, that disturbingly enough, seemed to have been white at some point, and matched perfectly with the earth tones that decorated the room. Some sea motif art, sticking out like a bull on a prairie, were spread out unevenly through the walls - like someone had wanted to give this room a make-over, but had given up only halfway through. There was one large bed, the linens also a worn-out color, undistinguishable in the sea of neutrals all around. All in all, not better, but no worse than any other road-side motel Dean had stayed in.
Suddenly the angel’s eyes widened and Dean could tell he’d figured something out.
Dean mentally high fived himself to have caught his dad in a good mood. They hadn’t really argued anymore after that night, but Dean knew better than to push his luck. But apparently, his attempt at trying hard to be a good son had paid off.
trusting!” His brows shot together, grimacing as if he was in pain.
“A guy like me, you know,” Maybe he didn’t know. Maybe Castiel didn’t see him the way he was. “A screw up”
“Well, I’m afraid we would be here all night if I were to get into it.” Curt answered, but the disappointment must have been visible on Dean’s face, because he continued, “but I’m happy to answer any burning questions you may have.”
"Cas if this is a memory... whose memory is it?"
“Nothing --” Dean’s eyes fell to the floor and he chuckled, Castiel would paint him bashful if he didn’t know any better. “-- I just, uh--” Dean brushed his fingers through his hair, head still drawn down, his hand ending up resting on the back of his neck. “You’re pretty amazing, you know that?” Dean hooked his gaze on his, wide-eyed and a boyish grin across his lips.
"Presents," Future Dean came out of the kitchen, teasing his son with a smile on his face. "What are these presents you speak of? I don't see any presents at least not for you?"
Hours passed and Dean was no closer to an answer he craved.
There was one piece of hair that refused to cooperate. The warlock snapped his fingers and a flash of light appeared from their tips while his eyes turned purple. He reached his hand up on the direction of his head and concentrated. The hair flattened immediately, and a cheeky smile wrapped around his face.
Ron jumped over the chain link fence with ease. He looked around for cameras the moment he landed and, upon finding none, he kept walking towards the empty warehouse.
The kitchen was empty, save for Dean and the empty bottles. The bunker was cold. The lights were dimmed. Everyone was still sleeping soundly.
Not an intentional one of course, but the actual hunt had taken him to the seediest part of town where he had spent the last hour and a half following the suspects. Supposedly a group of rogue vampires had made their way into Grantsburg, Wisconsin and decided it was home now. Citizens had been vanishing for months. Homeless people, mostly, but after a few children were taken the local police had issued a reward for anybody who had information.
Cas was making a face at him, clearly hearing both sides of the conversation, mouthing at Dean, asking what they were talking about. Dean raised his palm, telling him to wait.
“He might even kill him.” Bobby’s lips hugged the bottle. This was too intense for drinking out of a glass. Apparently.
But it wasn’t. It wasn’t Sammy in there. So maybe he was being selfish. Or maybe he was just doing what he had always done. Protect his people. And Cas was as
“I’m not fond of wasting hours behind my laptop doing boring research, Dean. You just refuse to do it.”
“What do you think their next move is?” Barnes asked, looking at Curt.
A set of stairs appeared almost beneath his feet. Dean made his way down, in the dark. At the end of the stairs, a small hall was equipped with all the interrogation device essentials one could ever need, laid out on a table, and all sorts of medieval torture-looking instruments in shelves, decorating the space. In the furthest wall, an iron door was inscribed with angel warding and a small, head-length, sliding wicket.
“Dean there’s no reason to be nervous.” Castiel could tell he was jittery. Getting up and walking around, checking the windows, even though he knew Gabriel would just appear in the middle of the living room - he wouldn’t see him coming.
He looked back to his brother, who slowly started to regain consciousness. It didn’t surprise him when the angel disappeared not even a full second after that.
“Well sue me,” Dean threw his hands up. “Six angels were killed not even forty-eight hours ago.”
“So, important meeting today, huh?” Dean asked carefully.
Dean was quiet for a second, there was that voice of reason again.
“That sounds amazing,” Dean stated with a small smile, amazed at how right there in front of him sat a being who had all of that, and still sat at a burger joint outside Jefferson City. His brow furrowed just a second after “and lonely.” He ended up saying. He could relate. The feeling of peace, of being alone, no brother bickering, no father to boss him around, no walking on eggshells, afraid to disappoint him… But still, even when he got away, had some time to himself, he always inevitably ended up feeling some type of way, lonely.
He watched Castiel’s show of strength, lifting the angel off his back with one arm, and slamming his slashed palm into the tree, with the other.
“Great, another useless angel perk. Now what?”
In the rearview mirror, he felt the irony of leaving Cas standing, as he’d left him, so many times, in the exact same spot. And if being the one left standing was painful, leaving certainly felt worse.
I had already made my peace with dying. I could die for this, I am a soldier.” His voice broke, and Cas took a step closer to him, still looking like he could just about take a swing at him. “And if I let myself feel this, I’m not sure I can do it anymore. Except now I know you feel it too, and I can’t keep pretending I don’t, I can’t just tell myself you don’t feel it, anymore, because you’re so annoyingly intent on making me know it.” The words left Dean spinning, coming at him left and right, at a speed and tone Dean had never heard on Cas. “I could’ve died loving you.” Cas let his voice drop to a whisper, a reverent tone to it, as if he was in confession. Like it was just a secret to be shared, between the both of them, and the wind. The words hit Dean like the blunt end of a knife, making his chest tight and his lungs burning, it was as if the air had been completely sucked off all around him.
“You know it’s gonna take a while… Right?” Dean’s voice was clipped, distant. He was worried about not getting to the grace in time, there was too much riding on this,
“Y’all think some strange guy who appeared out of nowhere just happens to have all the right answers to our problems and don’t want nothing in return?” Bobby’s skepticism was met with both protest and agreement from the crowd of hunters.
“That’s your question?” Castiel appeared slightly amused.
and Dean’s stomach churned and turned with guilt gnawing at him from the inside out. His dad had taken a step towards closing the gaping rift in their relationship, and Dean was just about to go and stretch it further than it had ever been. Dean knew he was on the right side of history here, but he didn’t think John would ever see this betrayal like this. The hunters didn’t have all the information to agree with him, but he knew better, he would free Michael and avoid a major war, saving countless lives, that was the right thing to do, and it had to supersede Dean’s family drama.
And then there was Dean Winchester, the human that Metatron had undoubtedly been referring to during their conversation. The very mention of his name seemed to rustle his feathers. Just the lingering idea of him was enough to send him into a spiraling wave of self-doubt and vacillation. In the long, long list of things that were wrong, but felt right, or things that are right but feel wrong, Dean Winchester and the way he made him
Every meeting, it seemed new faces sat around this table. Castiel couldn’t help but worry at this evolution - more and more angels were pledging their allegiance to Metatron. He understood why, he couldn’t blame them. With Michael still imprisoned on earth, Gabriel not making any public advances, and no other viable options, Metatron’s garrison grew bigger every day, and the consequences of not joining him had started falling heavily upon the resisting angels. He knew there were still big players on the board who had yet to side with Metatron, but he also wasn’t entirely sure where they stood.
“Are you ready?”
“Yeah, of course I do, someone has to look out for the kid.” Dean cleared his throat, talking about his family with Cas didn’t sit well with him, it went against his every instinct, and he could still hear John's voice, clean as a whistle.
The smell in the kitchen was heavenly and for a second Dean could have sworn he damn nearly cartoon-style floated towards the spare ribs, watching as Ellen glazed them with homemade barbeque. Just 15 minutes, and a mysterious spoon-shaped bruise on Dean’s hand later, dinner was ready to be served.
“With our brother, archangel Michael, locked away downstairs, someone will have to step up while the others look for him,” Uriel spoke, encouraging those who were still reflecting on Metatron’s words.
(See the end of the chapter for
bath, you can just say
“Castiel,” Metatron called out, at the end of the meeting, while all the other angels had started to make their way out. “Would you be so kind as to indulge me for a few moments in my office?”
“You see that?” Dean reached his arm out, pointing, and Cas followed, his eyes squinting to see in the dark. There were four trucks he could see, completely blank, no markings on them whatsoever, and a few men hung around outside, talking with one another. The door of the warehouse was half-opened but he couldn’t see much besides that.
“Dean-” the hunter paused for a moment as if hesitant to disclose his last name, completely unaware of the fact that Gabriel was already privy to it. Castiel hoped his brother wouldn’t say as much, if Dean felt safer in the shade of anonymity, then so be it. “-just Dean”
“So, you’re telling me that Jo, our Jo, little pigtails Jo-”
“Jesus,” Dean jumped. “You scared the ever-loving pie out of me.”
“You should, uh, talk to your...friend.” Bobby advised him, choking a little on the appropriate term for the creature he thought was his enemy not an hour and a half ago, “Maybe he can get you both there, and quickly. Things aren’t going to hold out much longer here. Barnes is eager to go to war, and your dad ain’t helping the matters.”
Castiel offered to sit on the floor while he slept, obviously wanting to keep some space between them. And for a second Dean wondered if Cas was afraid he would try to kiss him again, but he wasn’t drunk this time, and the distance between them had become considerably less over the past two days. But he decided it was ridiculous to ask the angel to sit on the floor for at least six hours when there was a perfectly fine double bed next to them.
“C’mon Dean, it’ll be fine, he’ll show up when he shows up,” Sam had noticed his nerves. Dean couldn’t stand still, he just paced around the house, keeping himself busy. So far he’d already cleaned all of his guns,
” Sam was clearly multi-tasking, and it took him a minute. “-
The punching bags hung in the far back, in the far right corner. This was Dean’s favorite thing to do. It’s not like he
The bed was cozy and warm and Dean wouldn’t want to leave it, but the blankets over him were getting him warm and flustered - or maybe it had something to do with the all but naked body beside him - so he pulled them down to his waist, just over the hem of his boxers. Of course, this meant he also pulled the blanket down off Cas's shoulders, revealing more skin than Dean’s half-hard morning wood could defy, immediately reacting to the image. Yet another reason for Dean to stay away from Cas, the last thing he wanted was for the angel to wake up and reach out for him, because if just the look of him, placid and serene, was doing this to him,
“Thank you, sir,” Dean replied.
“You can’t just-” He felt the collar of his t-shirt suddenly tightening around his neck, the heat in the bathroom getting to him, rising from his chest to his face as he awkwardly gestured Cas to sit back down, and yet he stood still, head tilting to the side a bit, obviously intrigued by Dean’s sudden dismantling.
A flutter of wings rustled in the cabin.
But it sure as hell wasn’t anywhere near what he was seeing in front of him.
Voices rose from every corner, some louder than others, some unintelligible, some angry, and some just plain sad.
Not many seconds later a figure appeared.
Joshua touched the back of the chair, hesitantly, “I’d rather stand if it’s all the same with you.” Every time he spoke, he directed his words like an arrow, trying to take a shot at Metatron.
“Listen I’ll happily trade you for someone better looking and less annoying, but even if I would take her along you know that Ellen will kill me.”
“Yes,” Cas answered gingerly, and his whole body had visibly tensed up, almost as if he would rather drop the whole thing.
They ate the pancakes, the music from the stereo still bouncing off the walls, they didn’t need to talk other than the occasional pleased sigh coming from Cas. Dean was happy he was enjoying his pancakes and took note to do it more often.
“Because Cas,” Dean was confused, and even though he was furious and wanted to stay that way, his voice was small and pleading, with the alcohol making its way into his brain, everything was foggy, and the way Cas stared at him, so vulnerable, looking genuinely hurt made things exponentially worse. “What am I supposed to think, huh? You show up in my life, turn everything upside down, and now -” He looked around, his arms motioning to his surroundings “- here I am, contemplating the betrayal of everyone I know. Sounds like a successful plan to me.” The words purged out of his body, as all his doubts, all his questions finally made their way out, and he hated how it sounded, how
"Well go on," Holly waved him along. "Don't let me stop you."
Castiel sighed as he made his way through the twisting hallways of the bunker.
It was the same way Sam had danced around Jess for months before he’d dared ask her out.
“Delilah,” Dean called out and hopped up the steps to embrace her in a hug. “It’s been so long.”
Castiel had an almost feral look to him and Sam felt his heart rate increase ever so slightly in fear. He hadn’t been afraid of Castiel in a long time, but this felt as though the angel could easily sink his teeth into Sam’s throat and not let go.
"I'm serious," she playfully slapped his chest. "You blow my mind every single time this happens, Sam Winchester."
“No,” Adam replied. “It’s fine. It was just…a lot to deal with. I was there for centuries.”
"Dean," Castiel sat up and leaned forward. "You won't…"
“There has been another disturbance,” Castiel informed the hunter. “We’re still not sure what it is.”
Dean swallowed a hard lump that was forming. He felt the burn of anxiety and slight sadness welling up in the walls of his throat. He could barely speak.
“I need you to say yes.”
Now, he couldn’t imagine anyone else in the backseat.
"Well," Jody said. "To what do I owe the pleasure?"
"So," she smirked. "I give you one little hint about where I'm going to be next and you take off running in that direction, also stealing my hunt in the process."
All, but one who cried out in despair from somewhere far beyond the group and was being held back by Castiel.
"Me?" Castiel cocked his head.
“Sure kid,” Adam managed a smile and allowed Sarah to take his hand and lead him away from where he sat.
"I would ask Dean about that one." Sam shrugged and limped over to the door. "I'll be back in a little bit. I'm going get some things from the store. Dean's gonna need them."
Jackpot.
Meanwhile, across the way by the swings, Daniel stood and caught his breath. The young Nephilim watched as his cousin exuberantly led the other children in a race to the top of the slide. She had invited him to play with her new friends, but Daniel felt as though he wasn’t fast enough for them. He’d used being out of breath as an excuse to be off to the side.
Chuck nodded at both guards, before they stepped even further aside, and Castiel was released from the wall. Upon catching his bearings, he grabbed his angel blade off the ground, and started to run towards Chuck, who had transported Himself to the other side of the room.
This time, he just asked what he could do.
Dean opened his eyes wide, blowing air from his cheeks, and he tried to ignore Sam’s chuckling from the table nearby as the elder Winchester gave Castiel a look.
“My back hurts,” Meg admitted. “I’m nauseous. My feet hurt. My ankles are swollen. Everything hurts.”
“That was…beautiful,” Jack exclaimed, removing the headphones, and looking over at Clark. “What was it called?”
And he had seen such a sight once before.
Michael had somehow managed to open God’s Death Book, after a few failed attempts, but the pages were unreadable. At least by the means of any mere human.
And Chuck was there.
“Who sent you here?”
Dean practically choked out the words. He could hear the sound of Pearl Jam playing in the distance, coming from Claire's room. Alex was nowhere to be found again, probably off doing homework or studying somewhere. Patience still hadn't returned.
Castiel watched from the hallway, unknown to the brothers, and sighed upon hearing Dean speak. The angel turned away from the edge of the doorway and stormed off down the hall before he could be found out.
"Still," Dean said. "A little warning about the womanly things would've been nice. I mean I've dealt with it before, but still."
“I also believe this was the outfit I was wearing when I stabbed you through the chest.”
“Well I know one thing,” Sam said. “It stops here. My daughter’s gonna sleep in her own bed tomorrow night and every night after this, if I have anything to do with it.”
"Thanks for the update, Cas!" Dean yelled.
"Well I don't have much choice now do I?" Dean replied to her, a hint of sadness in his voice.
"Perfect angels," Sam laughed. "Quite literally."
And it was his fault.
He found that he couldn’t care less.
Aiden commented. “
Dean heard Garth's wife call out from the other room as Garth led the trio to their quarters for the next few days. There were two single beds in the room, blankets and sheets put perfectly over them, and four beautiful white walls covered in pictures of flowers and farm-like things.
Titan grunted in response, not offering much in the way of words. In fact, he hadn’t had much to say to Tojo and had been hoping he wouldn’t have to interact with him ever again after his trial.
“Well whatever “this” is,” Clark swallowed and motioned to his thigh. “I’m up and walking again, so thank you.”
In a flash, Crowley was gone, leaving his demon army to comb the Realms of Hell without him.
He wasn’t the only one feeling that way. One of the local cops had already walked off behind a dumpster and retching was heard. Clearly, he hadn’t seen many gruesome things yet in his time in Sioux Falls.
“Some view huh?” Dean smiled. “For Kansas, that is. It’s no Mexican beach, that’s for sure.”
"It took all I had to tell Jody," Claire wiped her eyes. "About me. About what I…like. I was gonna say something to Kaia. I almost did, but then everything happened."
Crowley passed a beer to Kevin and to Ron and the two young men popped the caps like old professionals and took a few sips. Adam and Ezra stood nearby, cradling their own beers, and waiting on the Prophet to finish his story.
“Are you asking for that now?” Castiel asks. “Or are we both still wasting our time?”
“Everyone knows what to expect?” Sam chimed in.
he started to pray, after having licked and bitten his lips until they were basically raw.
"Cuz you're too young!" Future Dean replied tired of arguing with her.
Dean watched Titan lie back down and close his eyes. He couldn't help, but smile. He heard Daniel downstairs bidding future him and Castiel a goodbye and Castiel warning him to be careful. Daniel gave out 'I love you's' too. In fact the entire family seemed to be giving them out more frequently after Holly's death. So far Dean had noticed that.
Dean's ears rung as his world slowly came back into focus via his ears. His eyes still remained shut until the ringing stopped and then, slowly, he cracked them open. Dean blinked a few times, taking a few minutes to figure out where he was.
Jack was entranced and the feeling only grew stronger when Clark looked him in the eyes.
The stack of dollar bills in Dean’s pocket weighed heavy.
“I’m surprised you picked up on that based on how hard you were zoning out the whole time,” Sam sighed, and Dean started up the car. “Honestly, Dean. What’s been up with you lately?”
