His cock is hard and it’s not long before Cas is reaching inside, hand wet with lube, jerking him off.  “That feel good, baby boy?”
"Father isn't here.  He left this place a long time ago.  If an apocalypse isn't enough proof of that for you, I don't know what is."
To this end, my brother sews buttons on my shirt.
Love,
to pay no mind—no one's ever been able to pay Cas and I 'no mind'.  I'm told we fascinate the un-fascinate-able.
Dreyous doesn’t stop until he’s made his point.  He is not okay with attacks on your siblings, oh no he is not.  Dean’s cheeks are tender and sore when Papa’s finally is done.  Dean’s crying over his lap.  Dreyous rubs Dean’s back until he settles, then he pulls Dean to stand to the side of him, pulling his kilt back into place.
That makes him giggle, and whatever he is, his giggle is fucking awesome.  I feel like I won a million bucks.  "Does he let you ride him?"
“A magical recipe is no different than one you use for baking muffins.  You can substitute ingredients at will,” he says.
First, I put the chapter count at "?" because I don't know how many there are. Hahahah  Like I said, I'm chopping it up, so it's slightly easier to read.  I keep thinking I'll have time to just run through and do it all, but Mock has been a busy bee and I have not.  Big Canadian apologies.  Know that there aren't that many chapters left, we are getting close to done.  I would say maybe 5-6 chapters left?  Depends on how I break it up.
That makes the hair on the back of my arms prickle.
fucking good when it does, which always amazes me.  How can you feel like you want to die one minute, and then like you're in heaven the next?
room.
“It’s meant to, or how will you learn your lesson, hmmm?”
I make it back to Boyd.  Barely.
That spanking may have brought the man his compliance but not his generosity.  He glares but he takes up the humiliating stance which is all the more humiliating with a sore ass.  For his part, the man doesn’t touch him as promised.  He scans Dean’s cock like a fucking creep-o and seems satisfied.  It’s over quickly.  “What is this for?” Dean asks, sniffling.
“Did they get the boot at some point?”
He comments that I’m too well-behaved and he has to make up reasons to mark me, which he
"And when I do recover, you're in for a world of pain for not obeying me in the first place."
"Yes, sir," I say again even though I'm getting irritated.  I don't need anymore fucking examples.  I hate this.  I hate more than I'm fucking turned on by this whole debacle.   I want Cas to go, so he can come back.  The anticipation of him leaving always gets me.
Michael crosses his arms slow and deliberate, cunning as a Cheshire cat.  “No one’s asked you to put on a show.  Take one finger and touch it any place on your cock.  It doesn’t even have to linger.  It can be a millisecond’s worth.”
With a whole bunch of sex.
"That's real convincing."
I don’t feel like I have a station, not like how I know he’s talking about, but I know well the image he wants to present: Sam and Luci, Earth’s sweetest and most admirable power couple.
“Yes, but the blue light and the doorway.  I saw the palace in the lake.”
I’ll have to take his word for it.
for this, but at least he'll be around to do it, if I do something.  Acting is better than not acting in this case.  "Guard.  Hey you, fairy guard, Come," I call out.
Dean laughs.  “Me too.”
Those three words from Cas sizzle through him unlike any other, from any other.  Dean sighs.  “All right.  For you, Master, I will.”
The God bit is tricky.  It wasn’t that Lucifer wasn’t loved, he was, but the Archer brothers believed that Michael was God’s favourite, even if he wasn’t the first and that this favouritism led to Michael getting what he wanted, despite the council siding with Lucifer.  When God stepped in, the council would be swayed to whatever opinion God had, which was heavily influenced by Michael.  However, God didn’t always step in and in those times, the council would vote with Lucifer.
“I want him whipped and thrown in the dungeons.”
He tosses the belt to the floor and pounces me, I land on the bed where he sits atop me, removing his shirt now.  “Enough about the dinner.  I’m pleased you ate what you did.  You’re too thin, Sammy.”
I can feel myself slipping away again, as I hate myself for being stupid enough to talk to him like I did.
He pushes his hips toward my face, and I take him all the way in, over and over, using my tongue to lick up the shaft, and swirl around the head.  It’s not fancy, but I know he likes it. I look up at him with large, Bambi eyes – something else he loves – making myself look as vulnerable and doe-like as I can.
His legs kick and flail.  He apologizes as loud as he can.  It does nothing to stop Cas until Cas is satisfied.  He can’t see his ass, but Dean knows it’s red.  Like, cherry red.
Sam’s face says he’d hoped Dean’d partake.  “That will be all, Dagon.”
“I ca… I c-c-ca… I can’t do that.  Can’t do that, Dean.”  I should tell Dean, but where do I begin with that one?
"I won't be long.  Will you try to sleep a bit?"
Dammit.  He opens his eyes.
Hope you enjoy.  Worked hard on it as always.  It's kinda funny.  Normally I'm like, OMG, this is gonna be too harsh, but for this chapter I'm all, "this might be too sappy for this story," ha!  But I write what they tell me to and this is how they came out.  So there you go ;)
“Yeah, sure dude.  Whatever you want.  Just get to fixin’ him.”
THE END FOR REAL
Cas is seated at this desk, his War General jacket hanging on its hook, in a long-sleeved white V-neck tucked into black trousers.  His hulking muscles strain against the fabric even frozen as he is, staring at reports.  The dip above his nose is wrinkled and Dean’s sure he’s about to set the papers on fire.  Dean takes a chance, straddling his lap.  The kilt billows and falls covering both their thighs.  “You look like you need to relax.”  Dean waggles his brows.  “May I please you, Master?”
Dean tamps down on his dark thoughts, but he’s pissed at everything right now and it won’t go away.
“What?  Fall in love with you?  Cas, I’m already
She brings me to a full church.  Of course Gabriel has a church.  I've been here before, I knew that, I'm going a bit crazy.
He does hear something coming from the room.  It’s sex.  Cas is having sex.  There’s a pit in Dean’s gut but only for a second.  Of course.  They don’t do monogamy around here.  Not that Dean ever has for long.  Cas already eluded to all the extramarital sex Dean would have (they’re married no matter what Cas says and Dean’s got the ring to prove it) of course Cas would be too.
He wants to melt away and seep through the floor boards. Dean looks up at him expectantly. “What’da you think buddy? Am I dashing?”
“I just–”
Cass glare pouts at him. “I was right.” He says glumly.
The water does help, but as he gulps it down, the fact that he’s about to suck a dick becomes very real.
Castiel draws a surprised breath. His eyes darting around, distraught. “Then who?”
Even now, his gaze is wary as he waves Castiel into his room. He doesn’t bother sitting on the bed like Sam offered, he just gets straight to the point.
“Tree.” Corrects Castiel with a grin.
The monsters knew it when they targeted him. Castiel was the only one who couldn’t accept defeat. All their schemes and all their trickery had revealed to him the one lie he’s convinced himself was true; that they were real. Dean had used him just as much as the monsters… for his own plan and his own gain, without regard for Castiel’s feelings. Dean would never love him.
The creature blinks, her eyes still glowing an ethereal blue find their way to Castiel’s widening in shock. “My name is Castiel.”
“The ability to feel pleasure like a normal person.”
It twists Crowley’s insides to even say it, but he knows Dean, despite everyone thinking otherwise.
Dean huffs, ripping his arm away. “I don’t know what that means.”
“Cass, it was going to kill you both.”
“Dean.”
Dean nods eagerly, apparently also surpassing his daily limit for emotional chats. “Yup. So that means we’re all good, right?”
controlling him
Empty.
“Well, maybe you should refresh my memory.” Sam hisses.
"Cass if you're there... if you want - if you want to talk..." Dean swallows, looking around the area for any signs of the angel. "Come find me, man."
(See the end of the chapter for
No one speaks as they stare down at the corpse symbolising their victory.
Not shocking, but he hadn’t expected Cass to admit it right away either.
Dean isn’t sitting on that bed.
“Dean!” Sam snaps, “Simple plan, remember?”
“Why didn’t you call me?” the questions slips out. He’d spent many nights pondering it… was he not important enough. Sam had gotten a goodbye at least and Dean had planned to spend a few days with Mary. Did he have any time set aside for Castiel at all? “When you and your stupid plan were heading to the bottom of the ocean… you never called me.”
The road started to get more and more blurry, at the speed Dean was going, it probably wouldn't take long before something would happen. Sam remained asleep, exhausted after all that had happened in the last few days. If Dean's frantic driving didn't wake him up, a crash probably wouldn't either. Pushing the pedal further down, going faster and faster, Dean felt less and less aware of his surroundings. The effects of the alcohol were slowly seeping in, clouding over his mind and dulling his reactions. Dean realized he would end up sticking in the side of the road if he didn't slow down right now. He dragged himself out of the haze the whisky was putting him in and focused on the car and the road. With a final effort, he pulled over on a stretch of deserted road and allowed sleep to overtake him. The last thing he heard was Sam’s soft snoring.
“Sam, give me a hand here.”
A deep groan could be heard from the other side of the door, followed by a naked Dean sticking his head out.
Cas smiled, and this time the smile reached his eyes. Dean's breath hitched as he looked at the man in front of him. There was not a trace left of the scruffy-looking, inexperienced but battle-hardened angel. Cas' eyes were soft, filled with tears. His mouth was turned up in a dazzling smile, and he looked unbearably soft.
“Dean… he deserves to be saved. He was supposed to live his life, you both were… are. There aren’t many monsters left, soon you won’t have to hunt anymore.”
“How do I do this? How can I make it so that you won’t go against the rules again? What can I change?”
*****
What happened next surprised him even more than their earlier kiss had. Dean’s gaze grew impossibly soft and he placed a kiss right under Castiel’s ear before he hugged him close.
“Jack? Where is he?”
"You don't need to speak, Dean. I heard you in your dream. It was your dream, our connection in that dream that allowed me to get away from the Empty. Your words, your feelings, made me see my sacrifice meant nothing if you ended up broken and defeated....again."
“Jack,” Dean replied, grabbing Castiel’s hand a little firmer, as if looking for comfort or some sort of guidance.
Castiel let go of Dean’s hand and threw his arms up in an unusually theatrical gesture. Forcing himself to remain calm, he took a few deep breaths and got a little closer.
Dean kept his eyes on the road while shooting a prayer in Jack’s direction. He sneakily glanced upward through the windshield, but the early morning sky didn’t change. There was no sign that Jack was listening, but he knew had to try. He'd blown it by not asking to get him back as soon as Jack had announced he was the new god, he'd really done it this time.
Dean lay still on the floor of the library. He looked dead to the world, but the soft snores coming from his mouth said otherwise. Surrounded by empty bottles and disorganized books, he looked every bit as unhappy and destroyed as he’d been after Sam had jumped into the cage with Lucifer.
Castiel had moved into Dean’s room. The two of them often didn’t bother to come out all day long, except to grab some food from the kitchen only to disappear again with a smug grin on their faces. Neither man had ever looked happier. Their lingering glances regularly brought Sam to despair, causing him to yell at them to get to their room. Every time this happened Jack usually looked on with a fond smile that turned into horror when he realized neither of them cared to keep the noise down.
Dean just shook his head, looking as broken as the first time Castiel had checked in on him.
*****
The first thing they did was tear down all of the walls, gathering every soul in one place. Seeing souls gravitate towards one another, finding each other again after a long time, made Jack understand that people will always seek connection, with more than just their soulmates. Castiel looked over this process with mixed feelings, surprised that he could all process them even with his grace intact again.
Castiel was disturbed that he was unable to hear Dean’s prayers. He trembled as he gave Jack the tray.
“He’s with Sam in the library,” he chuckled darkly, “they seemed afraid of me… I tend to...” his voice trailed, and Castiel couldn’t pinpoint if it was fear or regret that caused it.
“Jerk.”
Dean chuckled and nipped playfully at the finger still covering his mouth. He caught Cas' hand with his and softly caressed it, mirroring the actions of the angel in his dream earlier.
“You know you can’t keep this up, right? Either get your ass to Mia, or talk to me.”
“I’m sorry, Sam. He never said anything. He only told me everything was back where it should be.”
"Don't ever change, Cas. Don't ever change."
Sam’s eyes were wide, holding all kinds of questions, but Dean settled in against the window and promptly fell asleep, probably helped by the amount of alcohol in his system.
Sam had found a way to contact Eileen in the afterlife, but when she realized he wasn’t moving on, she’d kicked his ass so thoroughly the poor guy no longer knew which way was up. In the end he gave up and decided to focus on helping out the few hunters that were left. He kept the library up to date and made sure everyone who needed it had access to the Men Of Letters’ archive. Miracle slept with him most nights, both as a cure for loneliness and as a refugee from Dean and Castiel’s endless lovemaking sessions.
“Where it should be?” he started, suspicion clear in his voice, “Eileen was resurrected from hell… you think she’s there?” His tone was flat, yet dark and threatening.
“Dean was-,” Sam started, looking Castiel straight in the eyes, “He was lost after we dealt with Chuck. At first he seemed okay, he had Miracle, we went on hunts. It was weird that he didn’t try to bring you back, so I looked and couldn’t find anything. There was nothing on the Empty, nothing we could do. When I told him, Dean, he… he just stopped, you know?” He looked apologetic, his eyes cast to the floor, where his and Castiel’s feet almost touched. There was something in his demeanor that made Castiel uneasy, until it hit him.
Dean grins at him. “Yeah, but we do need lube.” He says, waving the bottle at him.
“Don’t do it if you don’t think it’s right.” Dean says when he’s eyelevel with Sam.
Contemplating this, Cass waits a beat before nodding.
It’s been a while since he’s woken up pants less but he finds this immensely enjoyable.
Right, like it’s only the edges that are burnt. Dean rolls his eyes, but sits silently, waiting for the angel to peel, serve and cut off the blackened pieces from his precious beet root.
“I was confused.” He reminds his friend, setting a pancake out (like a peace offering) “I just had some of the best sex in my life… I just wanted to make sure you hadn’t broken me.”
“No, Michael.” Adam bites out slowly. It’s not like him to be this moody.
, Cass.” Dean says passionately, before nudging open the door. “I’m going to show you love.” He rests Castiel on the bed, kneeling beside him and pressing a kiss onto his cheek.
“Try me,” Sam challenges.
“Like I was boiled and then poured into a wood chipper.”
Silence greets him.
“Yeah, because I just ate beet.” Dean retorts.
Dean grins at him. He let his hair grow out so that it’s no longer in a strict buzz cut, but a floppy mass, still shorter than Sam’s, that billows in the wind. “Reminds you of us, doesn’t it?”
“Do you even need to ask that?” It sounds cruel but it’s true. He could list the number of ways until he was blue in the face. But there was always a reason to come back; one reason with a bacon addiction and a Western fetish.
“How is it worse?”
Castiel is still wide awake, even as Dean’s eyes droop with exhaustion.
With a shout, Sam topples, losing his hold on the lamp. Determined, he scoots closer, pressing his cheek to the lamp and hoping that the contact will be enough.
Sam is once again worried about Dean. He hasn’t had any more seizures to date, but he’s seen just how suddenly they could happen. And Cass, though a toddler, is still very eloquent and Sam is concerned that he might say something to trigger Dean. He doesn’t want to tell Cass not to… because that’s just unfair to a child. And he doesn’t think he can handle Cass’ look of disappointment.
Dean hears a noise of pain, and finds the alternate version of Dean staring at him with a sorry expression.
“Last time we talked you threw me out of the bunker.”
“It wasn’t obvious to me.” mumbles Dean. In an instant he’s almost thankful for the Ma’lak box. That he can talk freely with Cass, without worrying about life or what people would think. Hunters don’t…
A slow smile slips onto his face; Dean’s excitement is contagious. “You are allowed to have time to yourself Dean.”
“So can you.” Gabriel pipes up.
Can he finally force the truth from a sketchy Dean?
Castiel is on edge after discovering the bone. Dean works the case as usual but Castiel finds something peculiar at the scene.
were the one who couldn’t hack it!”
The plus side though, is that Dean had the fortitude to make some holy water from the glasses the waiter brought them. That should at least hurt yellow eyes. And the angel blade covers the angel.
“U-uh okay.” With jerky motions, Castiel manoeuvres himself into the bed, almost having a heart attack when his legs brush Dean’s.
“That – that…” Cass clamps his jaw shut for almost a full minute before speaking again. “I can’t believe that my wish
Dean shakes his head wryly. He know better than that. There’s no time at all.
“Well… no.”
Dean narrows his eyes. “How do
The four of them pile into the Bentley and Dean once again is hanging onto the doors as Crowley careens down the street, taking corners at breakneck speed and nearly killing at least half of London on his way out. All the while Queen’s Bohemian Rhapsody is blaring through the speakers.
Dean is flabbergasted. “But you just said that you and I quote: ‘never really felt this way about Dean until we fell into bed one night.’”
Dean shivers. “I – honestly, it sounds kind of weird.” His eyes dash up to his, clearly looking for any signs of hurt.
“Did you two find anything useful?”
“Because the Shadow wants to get him, Sam!” Dean snaps. “Did you want me to call you? ‘Hey Sam, Cass. Hope you’re enjoying my pie–oh, and the deadly, cosmic being who has it out for Cass wants to have a chat with me. Don’t worry.’”
“Preferred what?” Cass’ voice is gentler this time.
Whilst he smiles politely he doesn’t miss the way Dean’s fingers grip the edge of the table or the way his jaw clenches.
Can he? This is personal stuff. When Dean remains silent, Sam raises his eyebrow and glances at his watch then back to Dean. It’s like a game of chicken… that Dean can’t risk playing.
“No.” Sam says smoothly, catching himself. “No. And you’re sure that this isn’t some elaborate scheme to get us here.”
“Morning sunshine.” He says teasingly.
“No way Cass.” He says, then glances up to Dean, “Those things are like a death trap.”
“How could she know that?” Castiel is almost aghast, “I – I was always very careful. To never give anything away. I thought that you would be uncomfortable with my affection.”
“He says that they’ve got some leads on your grace. Rowena is getting the ingredients for a special tracking spell.” He adds. Castiel stills. He had forgotten about his grace the entire time he’d been talking to Sam. His main concern had been Dean. Thinking about it, Castiel hardly misses his grace at all. He can’t fly, but that’s not new. He wants to be useful and maybe heal the Winchesters if they get injured. He misses the way it usually keeps his vessel in impeccable condition. But he does enjoy the bathtub… and Dean assures him that his face will heal with time and honey.
“Hey.” He says calmly, “It’s fine mom. He’s just in the bathroom.”
particular fluid anyway.
“Look.” Dean leans in closer, “There’s something I should probably show you, but it’s supposed to be a surprise and I can’t risk Cass finding out. I don’t want him to … leave again – you know? Just – just hang on Sammy, trust me.”
Ah. That makes more sense than Cass randomly scrolling through Chuck’s works.
About ten minutes later, after all the ingredients are in the pot, Sam’s more than interested in whether Cass had been successful.
“Dance with me.” All of a sudden, the light filters back into Cass’ eyes. Dean would almost swear they’re both in a ball room, rather than standing in the mud and rain.
A shudder runs through him then. “
Cass wriggles in Dean out from Dean’s hold, forcing Dean to rest him on the floor or let him fall. This is the first time Sam’s seen Cass willingly leave Dean.
He hates himself. For caving and buying that book. For keeping it a secret and thinking that everything would be okay. This is
Sam cracks the door open and peers inside, already taking note of the drastic changes. Where Dean's bed was always impeccably made, it not lies in disarray with extra pillows and blankets for Cass. Toys and puzzle pieces lay strewn on the bedside table and floor.
“They did.” Castiel nods.
Castiel is thankful for the noise and that Jack seems to take comfort in having a rotating nightlight. If it weren’t for those things he would have sworn that he was in the box again. His first instinct upon opening his eyes, was to search for Dean. Jack insisted that he stay in bed though, volunteering to be the one to search for Dean.
Sam swallows. Lord knows what’s about to come. “You asked me to break the pearl.” He reminds. “Because… well, honestly I don’t know why and you were invisible at the time, communicating with me solely through a miniature Dean.”
“Sam here won’t remember a thing and as far as Dean knows, Chuck was the one who blew you to smithereens.”
Dean opens his mouth to say something but Cass is not having it.
At least someone got to enjoy the night though.
“Is that what you’re saying Cass?”
He knows he should talk to Dean, encourage him to stop tormenting himself. But he won’t because all he can think about is that he won’t survive if Dean casts him aside after this. He gives Dean a sidelong glance. The hunter trembles and jerks with every movement, sweat covers his skin and his hooded gaze glances over Castiel’s body.
“You were right.” Cass stares back at him. “Angels don’t feel things as acutely as humans do. Even now, standing here, everything is hazy. I’ve always loved you Dean. But as an angel it was easier to push aside. To play the part I needed to play. As a human though?” he chuckles wryly.
“Wait!” he blurts.
He can feel Sam hovering over his shoulder. Holding out as much hope as Dean does for Cass to be okay.
Mary cocks her head at him. She wants to be angry at the threat but she gets the feeling the demon is just joking. “How would Sam being eaten alive be a favor?”
“Please tell me you didn’t just say that.”
Castiel has lost all sense of distinction.
“I – I enjoy this side of you… very much. And yeah, it makes me happy. But you see, I have this friend. Older. Like super old. Ancient. He’s a dinosaur.” Cass giggles, “But he left. And it was sort of my fault and now I wish he’d come back.”
Cass nods, glancing away. Dean fiddles with his shirt, not sure what to say.
“Thank you Sam.”
“Dean…” his voice is strained. “I just – I just need a moment alone.”
roaming the halls unguarded.”
“I had toys?”
Dean flinches back, as though trying to avoid the barrage of memories that threaten to crash over him. “I have you.” he reminds him shakily.
No. No. It can’t end like this. “Dean wait!” he makes a grab for the blade.
“You too Cass.” Sam slurs. “Dead as dead can be.”
And not the one who’s in an impenetrable lamp and exists as smoke.
His face falls. “Dean… my Dean… he’d say he’d set the table.”
“Me?”
Cass tilts his head inquisitively. “I always thought the point of this exercise was to achieve an orgasm.”
Their hands are so close together, yet, somehow, it signifies a disjoint between them. Castiel knows what it is. His inability to tell Dean about his feelings for him is keeping them trapped. This, more than anything should be motive to tell him.
Jody cracks open the door and the noise turns louder. It takes Sam a minute to realise that there are people in the room. Two, in fact.
And he wants to say that to Cass, but he’s worried that he’ll just see it as pity again.
It felt good. So effortlessly good.
He watches his friend’s face for over an hour. Watching the lines and his freckles. He could have sworn that Dean never covered them in make-up before. So why now? Does he think that Castiel doesn’t like them? Because he does, very much.
“Dean.”
“I’m – I’m going to unzip your jeans.” Cass warns.
He breaks off, taking in the thickening tension. Sam seems to be the only one out of the loop.
“Damnit.” Crowley grinds out, snapping his fingers and sending them back to the bunker.
“Or they can take a dip with us.” Crowley purrs.
Dean enjoys spending time alone. He’s found the perfect way to keep Michael at bay. To stop the pounding in his head.
“As did I.” he replies, “I’m glad I can still watch over you.”
His talk with Cass was everything he could have wanted. He’d gotten to explain his point of view. Cass had conceded that they could still be friends. Every topic had been covered.
for a change. It’s been a very fulfilling experience. Dean hid nothing from him. He allowed Sam to take care of him. Sure, he had his bouts of anger, in the toddler way. Dean didn’t drink whiskey or lock himself away in his room.
He takes a moment to compose himself. Splashing his face with water and rinsing out his mouth. Cass deserves a real explanation at the very least.
“You have no idea how much I enjoy this.” He whispers into his friend’s mouth. “Having you like this… whenever I want.”
“Take it you used your mojo to save me.”
Scowling, Dean marches up the path way, kicking  and shattering a potted plant on the way though. Michael barely gives it a glance before carrying on. He still isn’t sure how he feels about Michael. His brother is different than he remembers. Less stoic and haughty, more relaxed. And for a person who just escaped the cage, that bothers him. Michael would never allow his host reign over the body, even for such short times. And though Dean doesn’t like to hear it, his brother, Adam has no reason to like them at all.
A black, scaly, slimy, disgusting snake.
What had possessed him to think that Dean wouldn’t stay angry and that Cass wouldn’t sulk around, probably just waiting for Dean to cheer up.
“Frigid. Disconnected.” Supplies Dean. “Um… I was wondering.”
“Michael seems to think that there’s something useful here though.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Water wraiths maybe. I dug up some interesting info from Dad's journal. We should head to the corners in the morning to get another look at those bodies.”
“Am I missin’ something here?” Dean demands.
The current wouldn’t have carried him far yet, leaving Castiel with a manageable radius within which he would search.
it in their faces.
“That’s good advice, Dean.”
Dean flops onto his bed, turning over with a groan as his door clicks shut. Something cold and damp has him reeling back. He flicks on his night light. On his sheets – on his bed – the place where he sleeps are globs of Cass’ come.
“Of course it does.” Dean says glumly.
Green eyes flit to his nervously, carefully gauging his expression. This… this is more emotion – more words – than he’d ever heard Dean direct toward him.
to me or some bullshit.”
It’s not like Adam to not reply. It’s even less like him to hide from Michael.
He doesn’t think he’s in love with Cass because his feelings are different to that with Lisa and Cassie. But then again, things hadn’t worked out well with those two. He left… for Sam and Cass. What does that say for his willingness to put his own confusion aside and try to work something out with Cass. There isn’t any other friend who he’d even consider doing that for. What does that say about him? His feelings? Were all his other relationships just substandard or is what he has with Cass something outside the realm of friendship?
“I hope Michael comes back and saves us from this nightmare.” Cass growls.
Why else would he be bold enough to bring this up? It’s almost like he’s teasing him, but Dean can tell he takes no pleasure in this. He just wants answers. Answers Dean doesn’t feel comfortable giving.
When Cass’ regains his senses, he turns, peering up at Dean curiously.
“I would have called you… I planned to in fact, the moment that Billie locked me in and I knew that there was no way to turn back. Then I’d call you.”
“Sometimes I watched over you, waiting for you to fall asleep,” his voice is smoother now, no longer filled with rage and fear, “I waited so that I could heal, stop the alcohol from reaching your liver. Now I can’t do that. So you have to regulate yourself.”
Now, lying on its undulating surface, Castiel still fails to see the appeal.
“Wait.” Says Dean, all of a sudden. “I was – well pretty drunk when I found Cass in Lebanon, I might have missed the pearl when I picked him up. It was pretty dark on that street.”
Cass raises his other hand and rests it gently over Dean’s. “I want this.” He says and Dean can tell he means it. “I enjoyed being human.” He pauses a moment, a nostalgic smile slipping onto his face. “Just keep a bottle of honey nearby.”
Dean releases Cass’ hand and steps back, rubbing at his neck. How does one apologise to a friend when they’ve forgotten that said friend is a powerful warrior?
However, the angel
The deal… or rather arrangement, since he’d ripped up the contract, was that Dean would give him a sip every once in a while, just to quench his appetite and he’d help find dear Cassie and his grace. Dean hadn’t taken much convincing… offering himself up as a literal sacrificial lamb to stop Crowley from eating the other humans.
The strange lines he’s seeing and the absence of what he’s certain was there before can only mean one thing: the book is versatile. It’s somehow defending itself against Crowley. Even though he’s trying to manipulate Castiel into revealing its secrets, the book itself recognizes the malice and is hiding – changing – the content.
“Stop. Stop. You’re making it worse, I think.” That seems to make Cass even sadder as he looks down to his hands dejectedly.
Dean nods but still seems uncertain. “How about I show you just how much I want to be here?”
Lost for words, Mary shakes her head, no.
The words are on the tip of his lips. It would take nothing to scream them, over and over.
“How can you know that?” Michael parrots.
“She gave me this pretty nice speech about love and that sometimes when you do romantic stuff you can get it confused with the real deal.”
He’d expected a blow out, sure. That was the new normal for them lately.
Castiel scoffs. “Chivalry isn’t dead after all.”
It’s a constant cycle. A mantra. The only functions able to run in his mind:
If Dean finds out that he didn’t
“You don’t know that” is Dean’s rebuttal. “Tomorrow, you could go with me to get groceries and fall in love with the cashier!”
“No.” Dean exhales, his breath coming out in shaky pants. “You don’t get to ask for something when you’re the one who’s doing this to me!”
“I trust you as well Dean.” He says hollowly. “I’m glad you told me. I never want you to do something that makes you uncomfortable, Dean, you mean too much to me.”
One sweeping gesture draws Dean’s attention to Cass’ very visible hard on.
His ‘pretty’ eyes widen at that, causing Dean to smirk at him.
“I promise. I’ll come back for you and I’ll never leave again.”
He’s just empty inside and has been for so long.
“Where’s Cass?” he asks.
Dean’s lips lift at the sound of their promise. “You remember.”
“What?”
To say Cass looks stricken is an understatement. He looks as though he would rather die than even think of spending a night at Dean’s side.
“Your hands just feel so much better than mine.”
“Right.” Dean says, “Well Cass figured out the case is a ruse, so feel free to skedaddle.”
“Do you want me to leave?”
“No.” Dean moves to block the exit.
Nodding, Castiel wracks his brain for familiar nicknames. Cutie pie, sweetie pie…
“Yeah.” Dean breathes.
Dean. That will be the last sound he ever hears other than his own screams.
Aziraphale snaps and suddenly the coat is folded neatly on a nearby shelf and Castiel is now decked off in an outfit just like Aziraphale’s. Only, his is a burgundy colour.
He’s just about to make a joke when the room starts shaking. They’re in Cali so earth quakes are pretty common; this isn’t an earthquake.
No will.
Look out for a new idea I'm working on. It's similar to this one: all the ways Supernatural can end. It's called Blackout.
That’s another thing he’s got to worry about… Michael.
Dean grumbles loudly, but, holding the door of the Impala open with a smirk. “Worked up quite an appetite there Cass.”
“Oh, your cheese and bread sandwich?” Sam asks rhetorically. “Were you going to get a slice of bread to put between the cheese?”
The oils are apparently in alphabetical order and he searches frantically for lavender. How many L’s are there?
“Say it.”
“Jeeze, chillax buddy. Baby is just … an endearment.”
He feels the familiar pull of their bond before he even open the door.
He inches out of the bathroom, his nerves coming back full force at the sight of Cass.
“Deeean.”
Growling, Cass points at the road once more, and Dean sighs, shifting his gaze. “You need to pay more attention to your safety from now on. I’m not going to be able to heal you, just so you’re aware.”
Relief floods through Dean once more. He’d been so worried that Cass would abandon him. Head back to Sam and the bunker and leave him here to rot. “I didn’t want to confuse you.”
“I can watch over you.” He blurts, the words coming naturally. The rejection whenever he suggests it doesn’t hurt anymore.
Castiel wants nothing more than to curl up and be dead to the world. But since angels can’t sleep, he settles for dimming the lights in his room and staring blankly at the wall… like a form of meditation.
Suddenly he’s choking on his spit. Cass slaps him rather harshly on the back.
Hmm, that might make sense, given that Dean hasn’t heard a peep about this book.
So what if Cass loses a finger or two. He’s still an angel, they’ll grow back. Meanwhile, Dean could bide his time in here watching some detached fingers turn to dust. How long would that take? Ten thousand years maybe?
“Do you need help Dean?”
Sam shudders, remembering the taste.
“Oh, I’m taking you to my apartment.”
Dean walks throughout the house, pointing out the things that Castiel had chosen and commenting on how nice they look. And they
“Michael.” Adam says softly. Michael is growing exhausted. The creature following them is relentless. It’s voice ceaseless in his ear. Sometimes, Adam’s mere presence is enough to distract him from the heinous sound. But not right now. He just wants
He kicks the door in, but not even that stops the noise. Aziraphale winces at his side, but trails behind him as he enters.
Massive. Explosive. Like a bazooka.
Sam doesn’t give Crowley a chance to rescind his offer. He snatches it out of his hands instantly and starts flipping through the pages.
“Billie?”
“Cass, take it easy on him.” Sam warns.
But suddenly he’s flying, bones rattling as his body hits the concrete, but even that he feels numb to. With one last lingering,
“Dean, just… please.”
it’s different.”
The twitch he feels against thigh tells him that Dean is pleased with his wording. What he’s come to realise is that Dean thrives off of praise. Castiel no longer has to hold back his compliments for fear of rejection. Dean is his now. Castiel looks forward to making him flush.
Cass turns over to stare at him groggily.
Sam’s head whips around, glaring daggers at the djinn Castiel. He points at her with one finger and grits his teeth. “You aren’t getting away with this.”
“Um, yeah.” Dean manages, too lost in his pleasure and shock to get much more out.
So it’s shocking when he sees a new one appear. Because he’d signed up for all the alerts and pre-alerts.
“You almost there?”
“They only person who wears a trench-coat is Ca-” Sam breaks off, realisation crashing over him, his eyes dart to Castiel who just stands there in a stunned silence.
“What?” Dean blurts. “I tell you something like that and the first thing you do is run to Sam?”
Jody laughs loudly. “So you’re telling me more than three months have passed without you boys kicking up some dirt?”
Guess who we introduced in this chap? ;)
Castiel, oh angel of the lord has not been acting very angely for who knows how long and now when he’s about to spill the beans he just freezes up like a damn car that hasn’t been started for months.
“Do you want to meet them?” Dean asks, raising a brow challengingly.
Keep track of Cass' trench-coat, it's important.
“Who do they ‘ship’?” Wonders Castiel, bringing his hands up to do air quotes.
Some shocking things had been revealed, especially in regard to his mother’s cooking. For shame. Sammy’s hair is longer than ever, dudes probably aiming for Rapunzel length hair, and Dean has to curb the urge to sneak into his room at night and get to work. He could blame it on mom. Dean’s pretty sure Sam’s hair is longer than hers now, he could say she’s jealous. Or Cass, have him say he got bored at night. Dean grins, imagining the angel explain that to Sam in his matter of fact tone.
Michael seems reluctant to leave this world, neither Dean nor Castiel can really figure out why. But, on the plus side, it gives them a chance to talk.
He darts into the room quickly and does a quick sweep of the room. Dean isn’t under his bed, but a small white piece of paper is. Sam pockets it quickly and chases after Cass. He’ll read it later, when he has a chance, and replace it before Cass even has a chance to notice.
“Did you try praying to him?” Dean wonders aloud.
The angel doesn’t even seem to hear him. His jaw is slack and his eyes are completely focused on Dean. Sam snaps his fingers, getting his attention immediately. “Cass, Dean will be okay, but he needs your help okay?”
“What are we doing here, Sam?” Cass’ voice is sullen.
“I agree.” Cass says, picking up his intent immediately. “But what choice do we have Dean?”
“I’m glad you enjoy this Dean.” He murmurs, tracing his fingertips across Dean’s still closed eye lids. “Open your eyes. I want to see you as you come apart under my hands.”
“Just please don’t leave.” Is all he blurts.
“Dean?” he cocks his head as he stares up at Dean.
“Why don’t we have Cass spell a grown up word. That way we’re sure it’s really him.”
“Except maybe you.” the angel points out. “We don’t even know for sure that it’s a water wraith.
But, his eyes narrow as he approaches the pie shack, it seems as though someone has already beaten him to it.
Winchesters.”
Ouch Winchester, reign it in.
Could this be real?
Snapping out of his daze, he finds Dean looking at him expectantly. It’s too much happening all at once. Dean loves him…
Dean’s door slams shut.
Tomatoes?...
The angel shifts, “It’s… honestly, don’t tell Dean, but it isn’t the molecules. Food tastes horrid.” Yea, she isn’t telling that to Dean, especially since he’s under the impression that the angel actually likes them. “Dean makes me eat restaurant food sometimes.” Yea, she can’t imagine anyone
“Let go.” Dean whispers, ducking his head to get at his neck. “Come for me, Cass.”
Sam thought it was general. Now that he thinks about it, why would Cass say the second one if the first one really was general. Sam had just brushed it off as a clarification, but clearly, Cass had intended it to be a separate ‘I love you,’ one meant only for Dean.
But how could he be? When he’d reacted like that?
That’s a mystery he can’t figure out. Why Dean would want to be a kid. Why either of them would want to be a vulnerable kid. Sure, it’s more fun like this and he knows that Dean didn’t get to have the childhood he deserved, but for it to be his greatest wish, that just doesn’t make sense to him.
A quick survey of the room tells him that they share
҈     §§§ȸ§§§     ҈҉
Did Cass really say that? Or had he hallucinated it? Dean isn’t sure which one would be worse. His head is swirling and he’s pretty sure his legs are jelly. The fact that he’d come right after those words hadn’t escaped him either. But manual stimulation can get anyone off, right?
A mantra
In his joy he kisses Dean. Sex was reserved for the times when Castiel had enough mojo to clean them both up after wards. They made do with the space, Dean showing him something called the ‘69’ which had been amazing. It also made for a great way to avoid spillage. Dean had taught him many things during their time, some which he hadn’t imagined he could like. But with Dean, everything felt right.
“Sounding a bit jealous there angel.” Crowley drawls. He almost feels bad. But not enough to stop. “Dean and I don’t have such a
Michael glances at Castiel as emotions flit across his face. Anger. Fear. Sadness. But the most prominent of them all is humiliation. He's ashamed of his affections for a mortal.
“Cass. We need to talk.”
“I might.” Sam jokes, “I’d be happy with even half of this cabin.”
“What do you think?” he returns.
Dean to love him.
It’s been hours. But Sam is content to sit by Dean's side until he can find the will to move again.
He does a quick sweep of the room. Definitely no angel.
Dean reaches forward spreading some of the clear gel onto him. “Cock sounds hotter. Dick maybe.”
Great. Now Dean will never get the image of the two of them in bed out of his head. “Dean… Dean ….” He sighs, before trying to get the rest of the sentence out. “I could tell he wasn’t into it either. But it felt nice. To be close like that. And…” he shrugs stiffly. “It just became part of what we do. We drive in Baby, eat diner, go to bed and have sex.” His eyes water. “Then, in the morning, I’d wake up… and realise he’s gone.”
“Michael?” Adam calls. “Can you sense them yet.”
“No, it doesn’t,” Dean says.
Castiel feels uncomfortable again; purposefully avoiding the mirror. “I don’t like this.”
is the welcome he wanted. To have Dean look at him like this and not like he had a week ago. Then Dean’s gaze was filled with trepidation and despair. Now, he looks relieved, happy.
“Dean – I –”
“Hunting?” Castiel echoes. He feels a chill in his bones, which is impossible, because his grace is back.
Dean winces, and he can practically feel the man draw away. From the way the veil drops over his open, inviting gaze to how his eyes now flit everywhere but to Castiel’s.
a surprise.” He whispers in awe.
First he was Sam’s guardian, then his father’s soldier, then Hell’s bitch, then Heaven’s, then the Mark’s slave and Amara had him under her spell. He just never wins.
Adam finds a club almost immediately. It
“What if you don’t want to answer?”
“No!” he shouts. “I’m trying but nothing is working.” His voice sounds hollow and defeated.
It’s so much worse.
It’s not that Dean had wanted to look. It was more like he
“Pick one,” Chuck commands, his eyes gleaming evilly.
Out of the corner of his eye, he spies mom and Cass slinking closer with what looks like pieces of the guard rail I their hands. At least they’d picked up on the situation. Dean gurgles at his side and Sam whips his head around prepared for the worst… prepared to see Dean drowning.
Correct.
In typical Dean fashion, he saunters up to the closet and rips it open.
“You would do that?”
“I’ll be dead soon enough Dean.”
“How did this happen?” He whispers to himself.
At least he has Jody here, to help him pick up the slack.
“It’s Sam.”
Dean leans closer to the Empty space. “He says that he’s nisibible.”
Sam can feel the heat just beneath Dean’s skin. “Cass, get me some ice.”
Friends do that. Lots of friends do that.
The girls are retreating, not even bothering to look back. Castiel feels the tension abruptly release and he feels drained.
“In complete honesty.” Castiel seems a bit hesitant. “I thought…”
His watch tells him that over three hours have passed.
“A break.” Sam nods. “Good idea. Time out guys.”
Sam waits. Whatever Dean needs to say, he needs to say it himself. Dean has his own thoughts, he just needs the patience to put them into words.
“You’re getting better at this, buddy.” He says smugly.
Sam huffs. “Of course, that’s what you take away from this.”
Dean’s plan is to grab hold of Cass’ face, imagine a hot chick and get to work, but seeing the trepidation in his friend’s eyes, he decides on a new tack.
Shifty eyed, Dean fumbles through his next words. “And Sam? Do you think… you think he’ll be okay?”
The walkway is framed by a path of rocks leading to an open porch. The area around the house is a bit overgrown but for some reason Castiel associates it with home.
“Son of a bitch!” he yells.
With a loud pop, Cass pulls away from him, leaving his spit covered dick to rest on his stomach. He doesn’t try to move and Dean feels pretty weird jerking off with his face
Dean sighs, listening to the silence once more. It sounds different this time. Like… whirring.
in love with him. But still, it hurts on an atomic level. “But it isn’t like that between us. And it’s not because I’m afraid or anything it’s because we’re not attracted to each other that way.”
“Wow.” Sam breathes.
“I’ll always love Sam more than you.”
“You look … happy.”
Dean who never cared to look for him.
The chances of them having a happy relationship are slim. They battle enough just as friends. As lovers they’d only have more things to fight about. That’s if Dean’s feelings even last that long. Dean is convinced that they’re there, but what if he can’t – can’t love Castiel.
They kiss. And when they kiss, it’s like nothing is wrong in their little world.
us to be apart. But why? It– it doesn’t make any sense.”
Dean lets out a breathy laugh, feeling his dick twitch at the change in sensation. “Dude. Means you can pull off and I’ll finish with my hand.”
DVD… could he?
Oh, and thanks to the orgy imagery from earlier, Castiel can definitely picture it.
As Sam tries to get to the main cause of the bleeding, he finds that it’s just a singular gash, on one of the veins near Dean’s ankle. Once he’s sure that no glass is still inside the area, he presses his thumb firmly over the spot.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Okay,” Castiel says. Crowley tends to keep his word and even if he does tell Dean, Castiel will have no other purpose in life other than expunging his demonic presence from the earth.
When Sam had tried to be the reasonable adult, Dean repaid him with a pile of bubbles on his hair. His freshly washed hair.
The ‘I love yous’ were still exchanged frequently. Castiel would never grow tired of hearing the words flow off Dean’s lips. The only words he could ever desire more would be Dean reciting the key.
Dean nods at ‘Cass.’ “In – vis – i – ble.” Dean says slowly. “My imaginary friend!”
Dean is on high alert.
The angel just stares at him wide eyed, the magical pearl clutched tightly before a pop resounds and his trench-coat billows towards the floor.
Castiel walks closer anyway, curiosity waring with his jealousy.
Success.
His head lifts as the garage door opens. The sudden barrage of sunlight makes it hard to see who it is but there’s no mistaking even the silhouette of Sam’s hair.
Dean’s pleasure riddled brain takes a second to absorb the words.
Next time we'll see if Dean decides to answer any of them or if he's going to try a new method of distraction (one a little more tantalizing than kissing 0:)
Here he is… an angel, crying and babbling in the presence of a demon after watching a human copulate. He couldn’t even hold it together enough to make it through the one lie.
Dean rolls his eyes. “I got it for a reason man. You aren’t the only one with needs.”
“That is what you do isn’t it. Demon deals make hell go round.” He waves a hand and Crowley is back on two feet. “I don’t got all day boy.”
And then it does the strangest thing… it unlocks the chains and disconnects the blood bags. Castiel wants to attack, but his body isn’t getting the memo. It smiles sinisterly at him one last time before sashaying out of the room with a parting insult: “Never forget me Castiel. I am the one who tricked you completely and played you into your own demise. When we meet again… nothing about that will change.”
“Come play with him a bit. I’ve needed to pee for about an hour.” Dean stands and Sam can only describe the expression on Cass’ face as heartbreak. The joyous expression that was there just a second ago just melts away and Cass is almost in tears.
Castiel swallows as Sam leads the charge to Dean’s room.
By the way the anger seems to leech from Cass, he can believe it too.
Dean probably thinks that ever spec of emotion was expressed falsely. That Castiel tricked him into the box to manipulate him into being dependent on him. That isn’t true. But he won’t get the chance to explain it to Dean. His heart is heavy with the weight and merit of Dean’s accusations. Rightful accusations but they hurt nonetheless.
“We noticed you watching us….” The man in white says.
Dean’s legs carry him as far as the door. Then he stops. Held immobile by his unfulfilled expectations.
Cass nods at him sombrely.
“But it said Cass.” His voice is small. “When I saw it on your bed, I thought it was mine.”
for helping me spruce up this chap!
The dinner they have is nice. Oddly reminiscent of what they used to be, but Dean feels hollow throughout it all.
“And Castiel knows that you did.” She retorts.
Ah, so Cass doesn’t remember his time as a child then. So much for that.
There’s still a chance with Billie, but this, this is something else entirely.
“Hold my hips still.” He breathes, words further muffled by the damned pillow.
Alternate Dean’s face hardens then. “I hope you’re not endangering us by being here.”
Sam fiddles with the ends of his hair – more a mane these days really. “Dean… I just don’t think that
It’s better than he ever imagined. Dean filling him, Dean kissing him, stroking his cock.
Lucifer sheds the green shirt he’s wearing over his white tank then he’s against Sam’s body again, his cock pressing into Sam’s naked thigh.  This is turning him on too.
Then why does nothing feel right?  “Yeah, okay, Master.  I won’t go for too long.”
Dean rubs the back of his neck.  “I was a War Major, Cas.”  Cas frowns.  “But I will endeavor to do better.”
“Yeah, baby?” Cas says undoing Dean’s belt and unbuttoning his jeans.
“Will you do it for me?”
“I can do that.”
“Papa, please.  I don’t need a spanking.”
Cas runs out of the clearing, likely having sensed I’m back.  “Dean?  Explain.”
I have no choice, but to follow.  I’m already naked, so when we get to the ocean, it’s just me, teeth chattering in the cold.  I look to Lucifer one last time with pleading eyes.  He’s not giving in.  I start walking again realizing my foot hasn’t been working right.  I think it’s broken, but there’s so much adrenaline pumping through me, I’m not sure.
Of course, Dean would be in the category of omega who requires more frequent cleanings.  “I’ll make a note and then your alpha can decide if he’ll do it, or he would like us to do it.”
If there's anything I'm ambidextrous at, it's driving.  I slide into the driver's seat, and we head out of the abandoned motel, and I drive with my left hand perched on the steering wheel.
Cas slides a hand into the longer hair at Dean’s crown.  Dean lets him, gripping his strong wrist.  Staring into his sapphire blues.  Pouting.  “May I kiss you, Winchester?”
"I like it preeeeetty well so far, Cas.  This feels nice," I slur.
“That is where I have my guard.  I am sensing you disagree with my choices.  By all means, pick apart my strategy.”
My blood runs cold.  It’s fucking Lucifer and he didn’t use the door this time.  To be honest, it’s weird he did in the first place.  Sam pulls Jack closer to him, I turn to face Lucifer.  “I have some bones to pick with you,” I say because I have no plan and I need to stall.
.  And the feeling of good, without the anxiety somehow clears my head.  I replay everything I’ve ever read about Roark, Jonathan, their angels.  Even all the stuff about Gods and megaliths and pyramids.
“How?”  He shrugs.  “Know what?  Don’t matter; meditate away.”
When Cas returns, he lets me know it, so I don't think he's an intruder.  "Dean, I'm back.  Stay."
“You seem nice,” he says.
Cas scoops him up, bridal style.  “Time to take care of you.  Your feet must be sore from your day and baby must need a snack by now.”
I close my eyes and allow myself to bask in the good feelings.
Dreyous crumples enough for Dean to see before he smoothens his expression into that austere gaze Dean’s accustomed to.  It makes Dean’s heart race.  His gut spikes with intuition.  “I’ll miss you too, fire child,” Dreyous says.
His jaw tightens and his eyes frown.  “I like my life just fine.  Now, we’re getting out of here if I have to drag you out.”
He nods into my leg.
"Thank you.  I really appreciate it, and uh, Cas does too I'm sure."
I had a few goals for the first part of this chapter, ones set for me by the characters of course.  I wasn't explicit though.  Will be interesting to see what you guys take from it.
She leads me to the back and to a set of baths spread out and separated by partitions, but we keep going to a hallway with several rooms.  She leads me into one and inside is a tub filled with steaming water.  There are more towels and a pitcher of cold water on a stool to the side.  Jo moves to help me undress.  “Um, ah, thank you.  I can take it from here though.”
I warn you, MAJOR potential squick factor in this chapter.  I pray you've read the tags.  ;)
it.  Still, I’d better stay away and keep quiet for now.
“How old are you?” Dean asks.  Hard to tell with someone who’s
I can better read someone’s values by what they are truly sorry for.
and while he won't hesitate to do what he feels necessary, what he just did isn't his favorite.
Sam takes a heavy breath.  “Dean, we both know that’s not going to happen.  Lucifer is too powerful now.  It would take a whole army to kill him, and we don’t have that, the public loves him.  I was always the sacrifice, Dean.  That’s how Roark and Jonathan planned it.  Originally, I was going to bond again with Michael giving him enough power to kill Lucifer, but with me bonded to him, I’ve ruined everything.  The only way now is if I die.”
In that moment, it dawns on me how very much in control of my life Cas is.
Dean can’t refuse Cas without coming off as disrespectful, so he climbs out of bed, still naked, and creeps over, keeping his eyes down as he kneels at Cas’s feet.  The chair scrapes against the floor, the only sound that can be heard for miles and Dean is yanked into Cas’s lap, where he’s forced to meet his eyes.  Cas slaps him across the face, but then begins stroking Dean’s small cock, such that Dean whines.
"Fucking, Lucifer," I say out loud.  I'm going to find him, and I'm going to take him apart piece by piece.  I still don't care what Cas says.
Cas pounces me.
That’s never a good thing.
” Cas warns and yeah I know I’m pushing it, but sometimes you gotta push with angels.
Dean reaches for his kilt.  He enjoys a freedom with Michael he’ll never have with Cas.  He can leave when he wants to, without being dismissed.  “Do you have to go so soon, my heart?”
"No."  He's proud.  "But I knew you would come, and I waited patiently for you to be born to this Earth again."
“Jack?  Jack’s just a little boy, Dean.  What role could he play?”
“What?  You weren’t supposed to agree with me.”
“Good, you will resume our duties
way.  He doesn’t believe humans know better than he does.  He thinks as a species we failed and he’s here to pick up the pieces.
“The point is, I’ve never been sure what he did with Jack, because I’ve never felt him.  I could feel the way they went, like a trail of dissipating dust when we arrived at Gabriel’s community, but now it’s gone.
“He was…” Sam admits. “Then… he disappeared.”
Sam feels his heartbreaking for the angel but he knows better than to push. He
Maybe if he can convince this little Dean that he’s just as shrewd as Sam, it will somehow influence Dean when he’s back to normal.
Fear grips him and he almost shoves Dean away.
“Do you know where it is?” Crowley asks. Despite being the one confined, Crowley insists on acting like he’s the interrogator here. Apparently, Sam is too stunned by his slip up to stop him.
The way he moans Dean’s name is purely
Their plan is shaky, it depends on a number of things going exactly their way. Everyone knows their parts but things never go according to plan. That’s what he’s worried about. Within a structure, he can tell if something is going to go wrong and get Sam and Dean out before that. But this is chaos. He knows that the Winchesters can protect themselves, but this is an enemy who has a personal vendetta against them.
Cass pulls Dean aside after his counterpart heads back inside to start on the pie.
“And you’ll come back?” Dean’s voice wavers with uncertainty.
With a moan, Dean breaks their kiss. “You’re so beautiful, Cass.” His voice is husky.
“You hold on for as long as you can.” Sam says fiercely. “And if he gets out then we’ll deal with it. But I have faith in you Dean, never forget that.”
He snaps his fingers and Sam and Dean drop to the floor, pitching up some of the dirt. With a groan, they struggle to their knees. Castiel has to swallow to stop himself from asking for Jack. Chuck doesn’t know he’s back. He can’t screw that up.
“Are you better?” Jack asks, changing tack.
“Good night Dean.” Cass says as Dean feels his eyes drooping. “It’s best if you get some rest.”
“Was it…” He swallows. “Cass?”
That’s when the beet came in. Bright red and popping from the page. Castiel remembers picking it up to inspect it and reading:
Sam raises his eyebrows, he never knew that his brother owns any property. That Dean had kept this a secret for all these years. Dean had wanted a life… planned for it in fact and Sam had always thought that Dean was just too in love with hunting to quit. Maybe his injury was a blessing in disguise, he thinks as he walks past the clearly newly planted flowers.
Then, Dean manages to take Sam’s innocent question and turn it into a pick-up line.
Sure, bringing them all out for a day of fun had been a nice idea initially. He hoped that he could possibly trick Cass into believing Dean is happy. Now though, it’s like a living nightmare for him.
Then after a beat. "I love you."
Sometimes though, certain things made it stronger.
Pulling back, he suddenly finds it hard to look Dean in the eye. The plea in Dean’s voice is almost enough to convince him that he’s done something horrible wrong. But the reaction Dean’s genitalia had given suggests otherwise. Even now, he can see the slightly raised part on his pants. His ministrations
Cass seems to have calmed, knowing that Dean has a plan. “What are we going to do?”
“You want to kiss me?”
He even tries both their cells, to no avail.
“Jack.” He sighs again. “I know you mean well, but, as much as I wish to believe that that is true… I know it isn’t. Not anymore. What Dean needs to feel better is space.”
at just being able to say it… having Dean hear it after these long years.
If he knew where Castiel got the idea, he would toss the plate away in an instant.
Castiel couldn’t see how that would be bad.
be aroused when Cass was squirming all over him and making those noises. It’s human instinct. He’d have never done that with Cass otherwise. And after that – after, he’s been so shocked that he liked it. He’d been caught up in a new kink (not a foreign concept to him) and he’d indulged for a bit. But that was over now. He tried it. He might have liked it. But that didn’t mean that he was suddenly into dudes.
Cass remains silent, looking away. It’s a tricky situation for Cass and Dean doesn’t even realize the position he’s putting him in. And Sam can’t say anything.
He lets Castiel choose the lamps, rugs and throw pillows. Then almost surprisingly, he asks for delivery. Which costs extra.
But he can’t seem to care.
“I hid things from you too.” Is what he says instead.
Cass?”
Following the hunter’s lead, Castiel wraps his fingers around Dean’s head. He figures it’s the same as his mouth, just less wet.
Dean reaches out to touch his shoulder and he almost jumps out of his skin.
Cracking his eyes open he’s met with nothing. The wind howls as the skies turn black, as though mourning the passing of the greatest hunter to ever live. He knows he promised Dean to look out for Sam… but he
“Dude.” Dean protests, raising his hands in disbelief. “Are you trying to cockblock me?”
He wants to deny that he waits near his laptop like a complete fangirl for the notification that his package has arrived. There’s really no other way to describe it though.
“No.” Dean says quickly. “You don’t have to. You don’t owe me an explanation Cass. You’re your own person. I – I was just scared and insecure. I don’t control you.”
There’s only one possible reason for that.
“Dean!” The child cries fat tears making the trek down his cheeks. Cass glares almost accusingly at Sam and screams again.
He wonders where Dean’s lady is.
When they’re almost to their motel Sam leans over to Cass who stares out the window listlessly. It’s honestly the most at peace he’s ever seen him. Sam almost doesn’t want to ruin it, but, as always, curiosity gets the better of him.
“Is that hair gel?”
Wordlessly, Castiel reaches forward, grasping his friend’s hands in his trembling grip. He lets himself hope.
If there was a way to find out if Cass felt anything at all for him… maybe then he’d know how to move forward.
He rolls over to face Dean. He looks beautiful, with his skin bathed in the morning sunlight and his eyes sparkling. But his face is pinched with worry. Castiel runs a finger across his forehead, smoothening out the wrinkles.
He sighs. “I’m pretty sure that Dean wishes that too.”
Cass’ expression is raw. He doesn’t like Sam’s new line of questioning. “What I always want.” He murmurs, echoing Dean’s words from earlier. “Dean.”
Dean’s expression when he had said it was the real knife in his chest though. It pains him to his core to have someone he had slept with, shared himself with, to treat him like he would an enemy – a stranger.
“Cass.” He pokes his shoulder gently.
do it. “Of course.”
Michael blinks as something occurs to him. Maybe it’s not the only thing he can offer. “Do you still want control?”
. Dean thinks to himself.
“Not most things. Just this one.” He pauses. “So um… Cass.”
“Till death do us part.” He whispers back numbly.
The screams
Great. The demon watches gay porn.
Cass’ head lifts at that, but he remains silent.
“At the fair.” Castiel nods.
"And... where exactly is that?"
Dean doesn’t deserve to be coddled. Not after what he just did.
“Just take it and leave then.” Dean waves him off.
he knows Sam, which is why he tried to shove a ‘dog’ in his face and why he thinks he’s got the upper hand despite being the one chained to a chair, unable to even scratch his nose.
be it. There’s not a dwelling in sight. Not a person, not a plant. Not even an animal. Just them, and the pouring rain.
Metallica pop, Castiel didn’t even know that genre existed, but humans were always evolving and labelling things. It’s quite an odd choice for Dean, who usually prefers his music scream free. Maybe he had always liked it but Sam hadn’t, so he’d never been able to listen to it.
their bond is.
Next he feels Cass at his neck, nipping and sucking with fervour. A low chuckle vibrates his throat. “You liked me licking there, didn’t you?”
“Huh?”
No love. No hate. It’s like he doesn’t care. It’s as though Castiel’s betrayal has flipped a switch in Dean that’s erased any feelings for the angel.
When they reach the door, Dean places a hand on Cass’ chest. “Man, are we good?” Even he hears the quiet desperation in his question.
Cass gulps, turning to Sam for support but Dean senses it and moves to block his view of Sam. Of course, some parts of the great big gigantor remain visible. Big whoop, Dean does what he can with what he has.
Oh no.
The three of them stare at each other. “That means you need to step outside.”
Cass says nothing, but Dean can see the gears turning. He has half a mind to turn off the internet in the bunker to prevent Cass from googling ‘friends with benefits.’ Poor guy would be
“Sorry I asked then.” Says Sam turning back.
“Yes.” Dean says firmly. “I have no idea what went wrong.”
Sam rolls his eyes but reads the passage aloud. “The Pearl, can make any wish a reality … unless it interferes with cosmic entities such as Archangels, Amara… among others.”
“Mhh.” He moans against Cass lips. Dean places his hands on Cass’ shoulders to steady himself. “So good.”
But there’s no other choice. He will
“See Dean,” Sam says, laying a hand on his brother’s shoulder. “Cass doesn’t like the shadow…”
“Let go Dean.” He encourages, not letting up, “You’ve held out long enough.”
Now that just isn’t true. Maybe, that last time, Dean didn’t stop him but that’s because he knew that Cass just wanted to leave. Get away from him. After the first few times, he’d done everything in his power to let Cass know that they needed him – that Dean needed him – by their side. But nothing had worked. Tearing Purgatory apart to find him only to have him
“Sam, you remember Juliet, don’t you?”
He’s a vessel.
That’s when he realises… it isn’t what he thought it would be. It doesn’t feel demeaning or gross. It feels… nice. He likes that he can coax these noises from Cass.
At first, Castiel is too wrapped up in his own head to realize where they’re going. But once the garage comes into view, he stills, causing Dean to tug at his arm.
To have something steady one moment and to have it vanish in the next is very off putting. Castiel feels off-kilter and defenceless. And he doesn’t even like Michael much.
“Sam is coming to dinner too.” Cass says slowly.
Sam’s a little more awake now that they’re inside and the lights are on. “Dean… if this is about dinner, it’s fine. I was just tired.”
As Castiel gently floated down to the surface of the water he goes over his plan once more, steeling himself.
But Cass doesn’t even try to lick the batter until Dean offers him the lump on his finger. Cass licks it off and beams at Dean, nodding. “Yummy.”
And Sam feels like his brain is about to explode.
Cass hops out of his bed.
talk to Jody, maybe it will improve his mood. Sam suspects that whatever the creature told him won’t have much impact when he finds out that it wasn’t the real Jody. Maybe him opening up about his failure will help Dean open up about what the creature said to him and why it rattled him.
Warm, is his first thought, as he wraps his fingers around Cass’ cock. He just lets his hand rest for a minute, letting both himself and Cass get accustomed to the feel. When Cass’s face screws up in pleasure and his hips jerk up and twist arcing into his fist, he begins moving slowly.
Lisa had her own place and truth be told, he never felt comfortable enough to bring this up.
“It’s okay Dean.” Cass assures. “You don’t have to do anything you don’t want to. And… if you so desire, I can help you discern the true nature of your emotions.”
He tears his eyes away from the blankets to stare at Jack, who stares back at him with this look of confusion.
Castiel can’t manage more than a desperate moan.
Dean stops assembling the track to stare at him. " I made you a promise."
“Finding what I needed was harder than I anticipated.”
The fan art had been nauseating.
All of them had generally remained in the bunker over the past three months. Sure there were some cases here and there, but nothing that they weren’t used to. A salt and burn in Idaho and a nest of vamps that had been running a strip club were the most interesting things they had come across in a while.
“Right.”
Dean hums a response, still drained from their most recent rump.
“Best line for my best man, Cass.”
Please don’t let Cass have a friggin’ crush on the monster.
Dean looks offended, “I ain’t icky.”
Slowly he backs up, letting himself slide out, taking off the condom he’s somehow had the strength of mind to put on and shoved it in his pocket. The girl straightens her dress and walks unsteadily back into the bar.
“Dean?” he calls, to Dean’s retreating figure.
Sam winces as Dean climbs on the monkey bars. He feels like a parent watching their child play. Except worse. Because he’s constantly thinking… what if Dean had another episode? What if he falls and hits his head? What if he falls on Cass? It’s worse than a circus of clowns.
“No.”
“So, when you made this wish… to be happy. The pearl tried it’s best to do that by turning you into a kid and when it realised that making you happy would kill you… it course corrected?”
Dimming the lights, Dean settles into the darkness for a moment before flicking on the TV and stuffing a hand into his pants, lightly stroking himself within the confines of his jeans.
He thinks back to the case, at the convention,
Sam clenches his jaw. “Yeah. Pretty mad. But do you want to talk?”
“Don’t speak.” Dean says slowly. “Just tell me why you did it. No bullshit excuses. No meaningless apologies. Why? Castiel, why?”
Dean opens the box with trembling fingers, practically shredding the carefully packaged book in the process.
to live.”
When the first sob breaks free he doesn’t care anymore. He doesn’t care that the shifter is laughing, moving – to kill him or to leave. Dean had trusted him – once again Dean had trusted him… and once again, he’d betrayed his trust; gotten him killed.
“We know a witch I mean.” Aziraphale corrects. “She may be able to help you with your problem. She lives in a nice little cottage. Her name is Anathema and she makes a lovely cup of tea.”
This isn’t how he wanted things to start out for them. He steps back into the kitchen, finding that Cass’ eyes have never left him.
“Pull back the covers for me. I don’t want to risk hacking off my leg.” Dean screws his face up as the thing shifts further upward.
“But you kept silent about it for months.” Sam chastises.
“Have you ever thought that you flirting like that makes us uncomfortable?”
“Dean.” It comes out more a plea than a moan his free hand gripping the edge of the tub closest to Dean.
“Are you heading back to sleep?” Cass asks, hedging around the topic. Now that he’s in Dean’s presence, he doesn’t feel all that sure of his plan.
Despite actually dictating the entire process and knowing everything that’s about to happen, Dean feels his heart speed up – nerves most likely. But when Castiel seductively crawls over to him, pinning him to the passenger seat door, Dean is wholly unprepared.
And, surprisingly, he's at peace. With himself. With this future. It doesn't seem so bleak now.
Cass flushes at that. “This is sexual intimacy.” Cass says, ignoring his blow job, jab.
“It’s fine Dean.” Cass tells him earnestly, “I know this is new for you and I don’t want to overstep.”
Leaning in, Cass presses a kiss against his lips and Dean shivers as he tastes himself. “I’m sure Dean.” Cass murmurs. “Thank you for today.”
“It seems to make
Not great, but not the terrible either.
That’s the attitude, Dean thinks.
He stumbles through his words, “I mean… do you f-feel the same. As me. About me. Us. Our bond. You know… mumbo jumbo.”
That’s why the silver, salt and holy water had no effect.
Dean’s eyes go wide then, though, not with realisation. Sam recognises it as something resembling rage.
“You would have to raise him.” Sam reminds.
“Dean?”
If anything, Cass just seems to sink deeper into despair at that.
how much care Dean takes to make the food. It’s nice, especially since he isn’t very emotional otherwise.”
Say what?
“I’m sorry.” He blurts. “You were just – just not Cass and I couldn’t even believe it. You left your toys everywhere!”
Though he’s disappointed, Dean can relate. He won’t let just anyone lay a finger on – much less drive – his baby.
Sam whips his head around and finds that Jody is right. Cass, angel of the lord, is indeed nibbling on his brother’s pinkie finger.
“Maybe it won’t.” he tries optimistically.
Dean pushes himself up into a sitting position, his eyes trying to focus on his face in the darkness. “But do you like it?”
The words that he’d once said flow freely. “I know you. And sometimes I think that you love me. Despite my vessel. I’ve had this for a fraction of a second and now I’m addicted. And I’m not okay with that… but, I’ll take anything you give me and I’ll give anything you desire. Just forget the world and we won’t let tonight end. We can be together – it doesn’t matter what you call it.” Castiel gulps. The first time he said these things he was an angel, with so much more to offer than he does now.
“Dean.” Castiel says in warning. They’re wasting time. They don’t need to know the details of this deal; he knows for a fact that Chuck will never listen to a word they have to say, much less a deal.
"Everyone knows." He states factually. "Even when you came back with him... I knew you were different."
“It makes complete sense to me.” he says slipping off his trousers.
for their oversight.
Utensils: $50
“Oh he isn’t falling Castiel…” says Michael. “He’s floating… drifting on the oh so sweet, addictive and intoxicating influence of…” Michael claps twice seeming proud of himself. “Marijuana!”
Footsteps echo against the concrete floors and the light is flicked on. “Hey!” Sam says excitedly. “Cass you found that thing… the… uh oh.”
“Just don’t do it in my presence.”
“Tell that to my –”
“Would that really be a bad thing.” Dean getting s restful sleep is a blessing.
Oh, it’s about to get juicy, Dean can tell. He balances the sheets on his side, and leans closer to the open doorway to get a better look.
give Dean space and not hover like Sam.
“You can’t ever say it.” he says.
A smile graces his lips at that.
It’s a lie and he knows it. Oh, Dean would try, he’d try and try and it would be Castiel who broke first, unable to let him suffer through something like pretending to have feelings.
He manages to spring to his feet just as Dean barrels into him. “I’ll hold him down while you brush his hair.” Dean squeeze his arms and legs, locking him into place as Cass brushes – well pats more than brushes – his hair with the brush. It doesn’t even have the right kind of bristles!
Dean considers himself a connoisseur of desire. Yet he can’t read heads or tails on Cass’ feelings. Maybe it’s because he was never looking, never considered him like that.  But now that his eyes are opened, he’s having a hard time going back to being oblivious. He remembers how sure he was back in the ineffable world – where angels and demons have car-sex – that Cass was in love with him. He saw the evidence that he refused to see all the while and things clicked into place.
“Minute four.” Cass repeats. “I think you’ll like that one.”
Sam kicks a box across to him, rattling the items inside. Curious, he bends to pick it up and freezes.
But he does know better.
The first world Michael takes them to, they were never born. The apocalypse is in full swing, with Chuck manning the tanker at the head of the charge. Next is a world where Sam and Dean both said yes and the prize fight had been years ago. Everyone knows about the things that go bump in the night and they all tried to kill them.
Sam has to stave off his grin.
It’s the mask of calmness and dissonance he always wore as a hunter; while hiding his emotions.
Banging, on the door, causes him to bolt upright. Water sloshes around in the tub as he peels back the shower curtain.
“Don’t touch that!” he abandons Dean immediately, moving to snatch the object away from Castiel.
Dean’s heaven isn’t at the bunker.
Aziraphale pulls back as though Dean’s words are scalding water. “Whatever are you talking about?”
But that would be ridiculous.
“I am.” Castiel replies, closing his eyes in bliss.
“I’m listening.” Michael says gently.
Silence. Then, “Yea.”
“I feel guilty.” He admits. This cabin. Seeing how similar it was to the… last world. “You know what we’re doing, right?”
this hotel!
Dean remains silent then, pretending to be engrossed in socks.
Dean almost looks stricken. “Then… we stop. Whatever this is. And we try to save our friendship.”
stop you.”
“This is the part where you
His fingers shake as he releases the cap on the vial. His grace heads straight for his mouth, as though being called home. Power fills him once more, like a bone that was splinted into position; stinging pain for a minute before being dulled by the rightness of the position.
, I know you would not like that.  You I will punish later.”
“I’ll move.”
Har, har, there are no rooms.
The man unfurls the item on the chair with a practiced snap of his wrist; he’s done that a few times.  They’re pants.  White cotton pants.  “I will help you into these tonight.  When your hands are free you’ll have new protocol.”
Dean would like have words with these Gods.  Dean stops struggling, but his breath quickens, he’s not looking forward to having the chastity off with no promise of orgasm.  “Before we do that, I will insert the gag.”
“Really?”
He was supposed to take Lucifer when he had a castle.  He hasn’t forgotten, he’s just been preoccupied.  But maybe he needs this.  “Okay.”
Ugh but was he having sex with Cas or not?  What was his plan again?  Maybe he should go with the flow on this one.  “Uh, thank you for the map table, Master.”
to them, but it's different with angels.
“Please, what?”
When I return to the place I was reading, it’s there again.
“None of this is fucking fair.  Why do you care anyway, Sammy?  You don’t seem to care about shit-all anymore.”
Cas takes a moment to heal Dean.  Right.  Angels don’t like seeing marks from others on their humans.  Most don’t anyway.  For Lucifer, it depends.  Dean squeezes Castiel one more time and then hops down.  “All right, Sammy.  You hear that?  We’re gonna fly on a dragon.”
Cas stops him, gripping his wrist mid-air.  “I’m good.”
Dean’s used to abstaining though.  Making things last.  “But I don’t want—”
"Yes.  Do you need for me to replay back for you when you said you could behave, and that you'd do
It's a lot of maybes.  And dammit, there's a stupid flip side.
“Daddy’s not going to get soap in your eyes.
"Manners, Dean.  I am still an angel, even if your angel boyfriend might well kill me.  You will be respectful while you're here."
“If you’d listened, you would have heard that I’ve done what you wanted.”
“Put me on the board and I’ll walk back myself.  You’re lucky I’m not Ancel.”
“This is going to involve a lot of kneeling, isn’t it?”
I have to bend over to pick them up feeling dizzy, like I'll pass out, Cas watching me.  I know I'm bleeding, but Cas didn't say
~*ONE MONTH LATER*~
“I think Michael is in the ocean, Sammy,” Dean says.  “Long story, but there was this witch woman you see.  She showed me a vision and while I think some of it’s bogus, I think there’s some truth to it.”
Lucifer chose this family’s invitation specifically, because they have influence with many other members within the
He rolls away from me.
Cas got uncomfortable.  “Could we hurry this little family story along?  You have ten minutes, Gabriel and then I’m taking my mate away for the night.”
“That’s impossible,” Dean says, the anger swirling in his chest at the unfairness of the situation.  “We are not in love, that means it’s never going to happen.”
Dean’s demeanour changes when we enter.  He’s far more submissive for starters, especially with the heat coming off Dad.  I feel his nerves and the whole thing pisses me off more.
Dreyous runs his blue hand through the rest of Dean’s hair.  “I know.  I’m just warning you not to feel badly if he asks you to take it out.  You’ll have these to keep.  They’re both of my fire child beads.”
That halts whatever next thing Cas was gonna say.  He squints.  “How many times did you cum, Winchester?”
“Look, I’m sorry.  I’ll just go get my hair cut if you’re still willing to give me permission.”
I think but don’t say.
enough to adjust his cock so it’s seated how it’s supposed to be is the best thing he’s ever felt. He suppresses a full body shudder. It doesn’t help that Cas in a suit is gonna burn his eyeballs out with hotness. The jacket is black and long. Dark blue long-sleeved shirt with buttons underneath and a black tie.
Later, when Dean’s gone with Cas and Gabriel returns with Jack, he runs to me to show me what he found on his adventure with Uncle Gabriel.  “There’s a beach on that side, Sammy and there were shells.  I brought this one back, do you think he would let me keep it?” he asks making his voice low.
Sam caters to the angel’s every whim.  He’s not sure why.  The angel is his.  Lucifer should cater to his every whim.  But he needs to calm him down.  “C’mon.  We’ll get him.”
"What?  Me?  Good luck with that."  Cas is probably glad for the break.  Yeah sure, he likes me and all, but maybe it's not as much as I thought.   "But if he does decide to come get me, he's going to blow you all apart."  Cas does not like people fucking with his stuff.
"Please let me keep them."
Lucifer hates humans and wants them gone.  How ironic that he needs me, a human to do that.  Our bonding is foretold to make him powerful beyond measure.
Dean shovels more tangy brisket into his mouth—God, it’s got the perfect amount of salt—and thinks about that.  “Okay yeah, I get you.  They want to run for the hills.”  He thinks about Michael too though.  Michael wouldn’t.  Michael would love being in love with Dean.  He might be already.  “I guess thinking that the General can’t is easier for my ego.”
“Dean, I need you to calm down now.  It’s over.  You’re forgiven.” I nod.  “Make sure you say your prayers.  I’ll come in and lay with you when I get back.  I won’t be gone long.”
Cas’s brows knit together. “If I were you, I’d forget your brother exists, Winchester.”
“But you angels also don’t care who you use to get what you think you need.  Master,” he tacks on at the end.
“Are you being a shy boy?” Cas says.  He’s stern, and Dean drops like a rock into the subspace he’s looking for.  It’s remarkable how fast it happens.  Faster than ever before.
Like Cas can sense that part's over (and I bet good money he can), his orgasm ripples through me, and yet another blast of the searing pain heats my body again, feeling like acid, but I know what to do with it this time, and start channeling it to my heart before my body feels like it will explode again.  As my heart receives the large, angel energy again, I hear a smolder-y fucking voice in my ear.  "Come Dean.  Come hard." My orgasm ripples through me in time with the second burst of energy running through my heart, so it's all running through my heart together.
.  It becomes agonizing, and I can’t sleep.  “Problem, Sam?”
In other words, the kid doesn’t really know what he’s doing when it comes to flying.  All this time and he coulda just flown Sammy right out from under Lucifer’s nose, but that plan wouldn’t have lasted long.  One man and small Nephilim who doesn’t know how to use his powers wouldn’t last long against Lucifer.  “That bad man is my mate.  I need to get back to him before the bond starts to hurt me.”  I can already feel the bond getting upset and in a big way.  We must be really far from Cas.  The bond is a lot easier on me when it’s Cas moving away from me, versus the other way around.  “Where are we?”
If it is, do dragons know human, because that's all I got.  I put my hands up to show it I'm not here to harm.  "Hey, hey now, I'm not gonna hurt you little guy."  It is little compared to its mama, but it's still a decent size when comparing it to me.  About the size of a baby elephant, but with wings.
“Out, mister.”
humans seem to love so much?  It didn't save my ass a spanking, but it wasn't anything terrible.  Regardless, it still entertains me to fuck.
“Can you forgive me?” Cas says.
Okay.
He does get his point across though; don't disobey him.
Dreyous give him a curious look, wiping Dean’s eyes with his blue thumb.  “That’s two new names in the space of five minutes.”
“Why would you want to predict an eclipse?  What’s that do?” I ask.
Sam snatches his left arm out of the air and presses the blade into the tender side of Lucifer’s forearm just enough to pierce the skin.  It’s enough to have Lucifer heaving breaths he doesn’t need.  “What did I say about calling me that?”
Eventually, despite the throb in his backside, Dean’s calm.  There’s no solution or assurance for his dilemma but he cares less.  He’s taken care of.  Secure.  Cas doesn’t give him his boxers back.  He lifts Dean into his lap, with Dean straddling him.  His naked cock pressing into Cas’s clothed one, his kilt covering Cas’s thighs.  Dean lays his head on Cas’s shoulder.  After breathing him in and letting the ache in his ass run through his body, it dawns on him—Cas did have a point.  “I won’t disobey you even as a fire fiend.”
He wouldn’t talk about it, until I found him in the closet, curled in a ball, sobbing.  His voice wasn’t him, it had the vibrations of terror.  I did everything I could to make him laugh including tell him I’d kill all the fucking clowns if he wanted, so he’d never have to worry about another one again.
“Whether I did or not, I did it because I wanted to.  It’s my life and I get to choose what I want to do with it and who I want to give it to.”
“But … just… one more time.  I can do this.”
Dean’s already producing slick, it’s leaking down the inside of his cheeks.
“I don’t get it.  What am I supposed to see?”
off  from the mid-circle stones on the slightest angle.
This story, man.  I tell you.  It's coming from the deepest depths of my soul.
The Regs know this place ;)
I said yes, but I said yes to save myself another terrible fate.  I don’t have to finish this, I know that if I let the grace consume me, I will be consumed, and I’ll be no more.
I squint at him.  “Why would it do that?”
“You haven’t gone for a while, my babe.  C’mon.  I have to clean the kitchen anyway.”
What?
Dean hits his stride.  He’s vocal as hell after that.  “Mmmm, yeah.  I love being fucked with that dildo, Master.  I need—I need it.”  If Cas is gonna be a porn director Dean’s gonna be a pornstar.  He invents his own juicy lines.  Because fuck it—in for a penny, in for a pound.  “Mmmmm, please.  Please fill my nuts.  Make ‘em heavy.  Make ‘em, ache, Master.”
“Dean, you’re not gonna like this but hear me out.”
“I will.  Promise.”
“At least a few months.  But we can talk now.”
“Shhhh, not so loud, Master.”  No chance Dreyous won’t put him right back over his knee for that.  He checks to make sure Dreyous isn’t coming for him.  The sound of skin against skin tells Dean his brothers are getting to experience how adult a spanking can be.  “Of course, I was good, though.”
_____________________
He smirks.  He knows.  “Suit yourself.”
Dean’s heart races.  “I’d like you to do… to do that thing you did once with your mouth on my cock.”
I can't hold still at all, not that I was anyway, but I had some control over my body before.  That's gone now.  There's only screaming and writhing, and arching.
“I see it now, you are okay, just mild suffering.  It will be gone in about fifty-eight minutes.”
"Still here, Cas.  Can't get rid of me that easily."  I try at funny, but my voice sucks.  It's all croak-y and shit.
He’s low-key adorable when he’s protective.  No I’m not going to tell him that.  I pick up a stone from the ground.  “I’ll throw this off the cliff.  If it drops to the ground, I was wrong.  If not, we go from there.”  I don’t even mention the idea of me jumping off the cliff yet.
They don’t get far.  Daddy is there and he’s the most unimpressed Dean’s seen him in a while.  “Did you let Sammy out?”
When I'm outside on the deck, I pretend to stare off in the distance, but I'm really studying the vegetation, and compare it to books.  This is how I figure out I'm far to the North.  But what doesn't make sense, is the seasons don't seem to change here, it's always a colder early winter kinda weather, like when fall ends.  There's still plenty of sun, to thaw the morning frost, and some days are even warm enough to be outside without a jacket, but it always feels like it could turn winter any day, but never does.  It takes me awhile to suspect it, but with Lucifer's sadistic ocean torture being my number one clue, this place has got to be shrouded in magic.
Then,
“No!  No.  Fuck.”  For the first time, maybe in his life, he’s had no desire to touch his dick.  Is that because of whatever’s been done to him?  “It’d be real nice if you could take away itching and sweating.  Then I’d never have to touch it at all.”
I try to act brave walking up to him as fast I as can, but I’m not.  It’s always worse when he’s pissed and right now he’s livid.  My lip trembles as I try to keep my breath even and begin by taking off his jacket he let me wear.  I give it to him and start on unbuttoning my shirt.
Worse, I want to believe that
“Happy is a strong word.  We get along for the most part, but there’s a lot of dysfunction.”
Cas gives me a dirty look.
But he remembers why he’s doing this, it’s not about him, it’s about their youngling.  Dean relaxes as much as he can.  “Emperor Novak has given specific orders.  He wants the chastity device removed for the procedure and for us to clean you.”
to be able to find him with.”
I serve him by my choice.  He’s never forced sex on me.  I usually beg him for it.  He only punishes me when I’m disobedient, so I can do better, serve better.  Thinking about it like this, it all makes sense.
I’m still fucking crying.  Can’t stop fucking crying.  I nod into Cas’s shoe.
And he’ll be angry.  He’ll hate that even after all this time, I care enough to save my brother, but I can count on his desire to hurt Dean to be even greater than not giving me what I want, so I know he’ll do it.
fall off and he’ll redo it then.  “You’ll get the hang of it, Sammy.”
Dean’s in the middle of some drills with his small crew when a sonic hush quiets the field.  It’s the quiet of madness.  That pause before a baby wails.  The silence when a scream renders lungs empty.  A new divinity glides across the field, one Dean’s never seen before.  He’s tall and thin and reminds Dean of Scar from the Lion King only he’s achingly beautiful even beyond his nasty sneer.  He’s drowning in fancy purple robes—so overkill—and he’s dripping with jewels.  His long dark hair is brushed to fineness waving over his shoulders like a dark river.  He’s joined by an entourage.  The field freezes.  “Don’t stop on account of me.  I’ve come to see the half-breed in action.”
"Qeres.  It was used in ancient Egypt.  No one knows of it now, the ability to recognize the plants needed has long fallen out of the memory of humans, but the fairies know.  They could cause a great deal of trouble for us."
What?  So unfair!  Dean hates corner time, but he tries not to throw another fit, so he doesn’t end up over Daddy’s knee some more.
It’s entertaining having him talk about me like I’m the dog he’ll take on a walk later.
Cas runs his fingers across Dean’s cheek.  “I’ve always thought you a pretty thing, from the moment I laid eyes on you.”
Dean tries.  They’re wet noodles.
I'm fast though.  Between all the god dammed walking, and fighting of creatures on the road, my cardio fitness, and fast twitch muscle fiber reaction time is superb.  I'm on my knees before Cas, hanging onto the bottom of the trench coat he always wears, in a second.  This time though, I'm begging, pleading, crying, I'm fucking sobbing, man.  "Please don't go.  Don't leave me here.  I can be good Cas.  I'll be so, so good.  Here, punish me.  Punish me!"  I reach up to undo his belt.
That night, when he was reasonably certain Dean was asleep, Castiel took the plunge. Though he hadn’t done this in years, finding the connection with Dean’s subconscious came easily. He laid back and allowed his mind to look for Dean’s.
“I love you too,” he replied, just as quiet and tender as Dean’s words had been. He could feel the answering sigh, and Dean scooted just a little closer before they both fell asleep, tangled in the sheets and holding each other close.
Before he could say anything, he heard Sam take a deep breath and address Jack.
They both jumped when Sam scraped his throat. He didn’t look shocked by the events in the least. If anything, Castiel could swear he’d given them some privacy.
There was nothing special about it, just a regular Thursday on earth. When Castiel checked up on Sam and Dean, there was nothing amiss. They were on a run of the mill vampire hunt. In the past few months, vamps had been the only monsters left to actively fight their extinction, they’d tried and tried again to repopulate their nests. They had turned large numbers of people, but only few of them survived. No matter how hard they tried, there were always some hunters in the neighborhood itching for a good fight. Most nests got exterminated quite quickly. The main issue was that those few that were left, mostly the newly turned, were extremely aggressive. So when the Winchesters came across a newly formed nest, Castiel knew to keep an eye out.
Sam had fallen asleep with his face against the window, his phone lighting up in his lap. Dean smiled wanly, his baby brother deserved rest. He grabbed Sam’s phone and texted Eileen to make sure she wouldn’t worry again. He then dropped it on the seat next to Sam.
Dean tilted his head, as if to digest the information Castiel had provided him with, and then he placed his hand on the angel’s shoulder.
“I love you.”
“It’s an ancient form of communication between guardian angels and their charges. With the changes Jack made to heaven, there’s no other way I can come and see you.”
The bunker seemed the same as when they last left it, but Dean could smell the difference. A whiff of ozone, as well as his own shampoo mixed with frying bacon... his stomach revolted when he smelled food, but in his heart, he knew who would be waiting in the kitchen as soon as he found the courage to go there.
“Do you want to stay here for a bit? To get your act back together? Take a little break? We can finish the last of the Harry Potter movies, we were only on number six.”
The creatures were advancing on Dean. Sam was trying to help the two kids they’d kidnapped while Dean was fighting off the vamps. They both looked exhausted, but whether it was the fight that had worn them down or something else, Castiel couldn’t say. He hadn’t been looking for more than a few seconds when he saw Dean getting slammed into the wall. The man didn’t move, he didn’t try to get away. He stayed where he was, waiting for Sam to finish the last of the nest.
With a speed he never knew a human could possess, not even in their dreams, the kid threw himself into Castiel’s arms. The angel held on just as tight, protecting the soul in his arms the same way he’d done when he’d brought Dean back from hell. He swore he could see a golden glow seep into the cracks as he continued holding on for dear life. When he finally let go, Dean had taken on the shape Castiel knew so well. It wasn’t unusual for humans to switch between bodies in their dreams, but this was the first time Castiel saw it happen to Dean.
He grabbed the door handle and got out of the car. His legs were unsteady as he walked over to the passenger’s door and pulled it open. He gave Sam a push so he was sprawled between both seats.
It wasn’t hard to see the man was in pain, and this might have been the last drop. Coming close to losing his brother for real, left on his own after everything that had happened? It would be enough to break a stronger man than Sam Winchester.
The young God still looked self confident and sure of his decisions, even faced with his father’s ire. He put a hand on Castiel’s shoulder and drew him closer.
When he looked into those sad green eyes he knew that this was it. He’d keep watch over Dean as he’d done ever since pulling his soul from the pit, until the end of time if possible. One day, they’d be reunited in heaven, but unless Dean stopped his behavior, that day would come way too soon.
The atmosphere in the library was tense, but Castiel could see Jack visibly relax when they entered the room. He walked over to him and enveloped the kid in a hug. Sam sighed in relief, somehow simultaneously glaring at his brother and smiling in Castiel’s direction.
“Two rules, Cas. You can’t go breaking them, not anymore. One, you stop trying to save everyone. You’re human, your body is not indestructible. If Jack wants to explode on us, let him. You can’t stop it, and… I can’t lose you, not again. This ends here,” Dean said before leaning in for another kiss, “and two… please don’t go away again.”
Their eyes met, green looking for blue, and before he realized it, Dean walked up to Castiel and hugged him fiercely. He buried his face in Cas’ neck like he'd never done before.
Castiel opened his eyes and groaned. Fuck, his head hurt. He lifted his arms to assess the damage to his hands, but they looked fine. Before he could sit up, he was lifted by Dean, who moved him to rest into his lap.
“Is this what you call a hands-off approach, Jack? You’ve meddled with just about everything you could get your hands on.” Castiel’s voice raised slightly. His chest constricted when he realized the magnitude of Jack’s actions. He couldn’t believe his son seemed to be taking a page out of Chuck’s book. He might not be pushing his stories onto humans, but he couldn’t say if Jack would be content with rebuilding heaven. Maybe he too would give in to the temptation to inflict his will on the universe. He decided then and there to keep an eye on him, for he could obviously not be trusted.
Sam hung his head in resignation. Castiel awkwardly patted his shoulder in a gesture of comfort, but his words were lost when Dean let out a keening sound.
Sam paled at first, but soon the skin around his temple turned pink. His eyes, filled with tears and regret at first, then grew hard and dangerous. This was the fearsome hunter Castiel knew Sam could be. His breathing quickened, and he grasped his knee for leverage.
Castiel walked out of the room without looking back at his son, fearing that if he did, he’d do something monumentally stupid, like trying to kill him. He needed to figure out what had happened to Jack between the time he’d left him behind to go with Dean and when he got back from the Empty. Maybe Chuck destroyed him before he could even take over heaven? It also occurred to him that Jack was still a kid, and kids were often misguided in their desire to make things right.
“Guys? We really should get going before the cops show up. Those kids,” he pointed at the two young boys cowering in a corner, “need to go home too.”
“Fuck you, Sammy. Fuck you.” Dean got up and took a swing at his brother, but that just landed him on his ass again. With a barely suppressed groan he leaned on his elbows and watched Sam walk away, muttering under his breath.
Dean could feel Sam’s worry coming off him in waves, but he refused to address it. Whatever he felt for Cas wasn’t up for discussion. Hell, he didn’t even know what it was. All he knew was that part of his soul was missing, again, and that the only way to get it back was to find that damn angel and to bring him home safely. This time Chuck wouldn't get any say in that, he couldn't keep him from getting to Cas in the Empty.
Castiel could barely suppress the urge to punch the older Winchester. His eyes narrowed and he stared Dean down, trying not to blink.
For a moment he was torn between his son and the human he’d given everything for, but all of his instincts told him to go back down and save Dean, from his own destructive tendencies most of all. But he didn’t understand why the man was so broken. Had everything that happened in his life caught up with him? Had his mind finally cracked under the pressure of the last thirty-seven years? No matter how much he’d learned in the time he’d spent with the Winchesters, he couldn’t crack this riddle. Human emotions, while he was perfectly capable of feeling them, still threw him for a loop sometimes. But then it hit him.
This went on for nearly a month. When he watched Sam and Dean, he could see both of them move on. They went back to hunting the monsters that were still running amok, they established a routine. Castiel was glad to see them go back to their job. He knew their time as hunters was running out. With the monster population on earth dwindling, it wouldn’t take a year before there were none left. This knowledge was comforting, and it wouldn’t be long before both brothers would be truly free to live the lives they deserved.
“Yes, Master.  I haven’t cum.  I saved myself.”
“Slaves and prisoners are happy to be given the option.  They even request it,” he added when he could see that Dean wasn’t buying what he was selling.  “I know you’re not used to the way things are around here yet, but this is our culture, and we enjoy it.”
Dean wishes he could crawl under a rock, as he’s escorted to outside his and Cas’s bedroom.
terrible but this guy came here with the intention of antagonizing Dean.  Dean made it easy.  Nothing anyone says is going to make a difference.  Dean knows it in his bones.
“The thing that makes you pivot.  The thing that makes you realize you don’t have it figured out.”
I look above me, there's a tall flower, and I just start fucking climbing, knowing it's a last ditch effort for
"Have you read about the various ways angels discipline their disobedient mates?"
"Well unfortunately, I cannot give you cars, but I've asked Antoni, Dr. O'Malley to you, to teach you about repairing humans. He’s a surgeon.  Not only will this be useful on the road, but also when we stop at places where there are more humans.  I have come to realize you need this.  I believe you will behave better when you have this outlet."
Cas (and therefore Neal) ignores his pleading.  He gets another two there before they move onto his other most hated spots, but he’ll take it so long as it’s not his nuts.  He let’s go a ‘thank you, Master.’  When they reach one hundred and therefore another healing break, Dean’s sagging, his eyes fluttering closed and open then closed again.  “Please.  No more.  Master.  No more.”
Cas fucking shivers.  “You may, beautiful boy.”
“I do.”  He kisses the back of Raine’s head.
"All right then, Sam.  Goodnight."
"He does bad things to you all the time."
Daddy rolls his eyes.  Uncle Gabe is amused too.  “It’s okay, button,” he says to Sammy.  “You’re going to have to be spanked, because you know better, but that’s all.  I’m not mad.”
"I've been instructed to take you to the baths, get you dressed, and food.  It okay if I wait outside while you do this?"
Two hours pass.  His sore muscles ache but at least the itching finally subsides.
Sam laughs.  “Cognitive behavioral therapy.  Though, yeah, the acronyms make it confusing.”  Sam wonders if cock and ball torture could actually be used for conditioning of any kind?  Probably.  He shivers.
“Patience.  I’m going to enjoy you.”
When I open my eyes, he’s there tracing swirls on my skin.  I sink into the softness.  “Hey Dreamer.”
Levi removes his cock cage.  “Oh honey.  This is… no wonder you’re forgetting your place with the Gods sometimes.”
Right.  "So, what's the plan?"
Cas sits with his back up against a tree.  "Not over there, come here," he demands.
Dean leans against the bars caging him in, and runs his mitted hand along the bars, mesmerizing himself with the sound the leather underneath the cloth makes.  “I see you’re awake,” Daddy says making him jump.  Dean scowls at him.  “And in a terrible mood.  What’s with all the fuss?”
"I do, but as was the case with Cassy and Alexander, it can be a long stretch of unhappy years."
There’s no one around, no one to look good for.  His concern is genuine. It is known to happen and he’s so good at it, even I question whether he really does, or not.  “Whatever you say I need, Luci.  So long as you’ll be all right without me?”
Cas pauses, thinking.  Dean’s eyes flicker to the corner of the room.  “That stool, Alpha.  It’s the perfect height for me to sit on, so I’ll be level with your cock.  You can fuck my mouth that way and I won’t be uncomfortable.”
“I don’t like it when you run like that Dean, the youngling,” Cas says.
Not to mention, I don’t really want to stop.  I’m relentless as I make my way to Sammy.  I remember that I’m no good to him if I don’t get rest, but it’s hard when I feel like time is running out.  And it does feel that way.  I feel like time’s chasing me; if I don’t get to Sammy soon there might not be any of him left.  We may not know how we’re going to get there, but we know the answer’s gotta be in this direction.  The pale moon keeps rising, this
Hence, the relations.  He has me off working on this seemingly night and day, and he participates when he can. This dinner is one such event.  I stress over everything.  I want my hair to be perfect, so I brush and tie it back.  I make sure my white suit has been pressed; I choose my pale blue tie.
He shakes his head and leans against the stove. Firey hot pain has him flinching away, rubbing at the source of his pain. The burn sizzles and Sam winces looking at it. It’s tiny and inconsequential so he doesn’t bother rushing for the burn cream. What’s one more scar, right?
“Cass…” Dean’s voice trails off and he glances around hesitantly. “You… say you don’t feel like you can stay.” He swallows, but Castiel can tell there’s no pie in his mouth. “In the bunker. Why?”
“Don’t worry.” Dean mutters as he’s leaving, “No one even notices.
The feeling of unending loneliness.
Staring resolutely ahead he waits for Dean to settle down.
How long had Dean been falling?
“Okay.” He sighs in defeat. “So what do you want to do?”
“So you don’t think that Cass is in love with me.”
“I have.” Cass replies, “He’s ignoring us.”
“Hey!” Dean screams into the void.
“Dean say something.” Sam orders.
Now Crowley’s here to get Dean back and he has the perfect ammunition to sink him with. Crowley already has more sexual experience with Dean than he does. An orgy. Dean never mentioned that but then again, he never mentions details from him demon days if he can help it.
“Good.” He murmurs. “Close your eyes.”
But Gabriel just passes him the bottle, forcing his fingers to grip it tightly.
“Cass and I aren’t together.” He says firmly.
Meanwhile, Crowley and Aziraphale just exit casually.
“We’ll figure that out.” He assures, “After we get you into a human form again.”
Sam gives Dean the night to cool down. Now that his anger has faded, he’s genuinely worried about Dean. He seems almost broken by whatever happened last night. He ate the oats that Sam made for breakfast without complaint and went straight to his room. Sam knows how much alcohol he has tucked away in there.
A strange noise comes through the speakers then. A noise that he’d only heard a few times before, never from Dean though. It’s a morbid cross between a sob and a scream. And it makes Castiel’s blood run cold.
“The usual?” Castiel supplies.
Dean is about to argue. And he means… the argument of his life, when Michael and Cass suddenly burst through the doors.
“Castiel.” He whispers, “Are you okay?”
“Cass, no knives.” Says the human to the tiny angel who once commanded the host of heaven with an angel blade up his sleeve, Sam thinks blithely.
He takes one last look at the face of the angel he loves, not daring to even give a parting kiss for fear of waking him.
“How can I hug him? Call him buddy? When I know that with one misinterpreted gesture,
The child – Cass – and it’s so obviously Cass now, hangs around Dean’s legs like a koala, using his arms and legs to lock himself onto Dean. His brother seems perfectly at peace with the situation, walking around like he doesn’t even notice.
Why had Cass left? Why had Dean followed?
A blow to his face sends him careening backwards. His hand is still tangled in Cass’ coat so they both fall into the half open door, sprawling on the dark floor.
“Good.” Adam whispers, still taking the care to keep his voice low and even. “You lost him.”
Next up will be the actual date! (I dunno about you, but I think Dean is the type of guy to put out on the first date ;))
A long silence ensues. Strangely enough, Dean seems focused on Cass.
“Of course it doesn’t,” Crowley says with a sigh. “You’re… you. You wouldn’t understand.”
Everyone knows of Dean’s fear of heights. That they made him nauseous and panicked and unsteady. Even the short trips they took when Castiel had his wings had taken their tole on him.
“Lots of other people left me Cass.” Dean sighs. “But you leaving always hurt the most.”
“What’s wrong boys?”
A scream almost has him ripping the box open. Because it’s undeniable Cass’s fingers that were caught in the box. But he can’t.
“You’re suddenly talking to me now.” Cass bristles.
It’s the strangest thing.
That makes no sense. But love rarely does.
“I tried so hard.” He says, sounding the slightest bit bitter. “And you were able to do it in no time.”
*this is pretty heavy so viewer discretion is advised*
“Last night…” The flush is back. “It was amazing Cass.” One of the few things he can feel pride about is making Dean feel that good.
“You were wrong too.” His voice sounds wrecked but he doesn’t care. Losing Cass like that
They walk for who knows how long. The barrenness of the land and the darkness make it hard to keep markers. Dean feels numb, the coldness of the rain and the gusting wind barely make him shiver. Cass’ hand latches onto his shoulder, and he carefully turns Dean to face him.
Cass’ eyes widen and he feels the other man stiffen next to him.
So many people had insinuated, over the years, that Cass was in love with Dean. Sam hadn’t taken any notice because both Cass and Dean had seemed unbothered, besides residual annoyance. But… Cass couldn’t be in love with Dean right?
Immediately, Castiel flips Dean onto his back, licking a path down his stomach until he reaches his dick. He sucks gently at the head first, enjoying the way that causes Dean to  squirm. Then he leans in, swallowing down around him using his free hand to hold Dean’s hips in place.
“The bird,” he whispers. “On my way out, I touched a bird.”
Lavender is just about the only thing that makes sense.
But right now, he just wants to kiss Dean, consequences he damned.
Castiel glares at him.
Castiel feel the vice close around his heart once more.
Thank fuck. He thinks in relief, noticing his dick hardening. At least he still enjoys this with women, at least that hasn’t changed. He brings his lips down to her neck, encouraging her to wrap her legs around him.
“Squirrel and I had so much fun the last time we were together.” Crowley makes a faux pouty face. “We did extraordinary things to triplets, then, we almost did tee-shirts: Crowley and Dean, Together Forever.”
Thank you to
“Dean!” Cass’ shrill voice has Sam dashing to the kitchen where Dean is sitting on the floor beside a broken cup.
“Damn it Sam!” he hisses, feeling flustered. “I just want all of us to hang out and you need to nit-pick every damn detail.”
“Good.” Sam says.
“Look,” Dean says slowly. “It’s been a pretty terrible night.” He admits.
Cass had engraved them into his vocal chords for all eternity. To have a way out and never be able to use it is torture.
Castiel glances at Sam, fidgeting and unsure of what he should do. One thing is for sure… he can’t get
“Oh we talked.” Dean says bitterly. “He said he can’t be around me and refused to say why.”
“Hey, Cass?” His voice comes out unnervingly high.
“How?” Dean wonders, staring down in disgust at the clutter. Dean’s too shell-shocked to comment on the lack of lettuce.
“No. No, he isn’t.”
Food: $150.00
Dean claps his hands together once and rubs them together. “Let’s do this.”
Cass’ powers are draining away faster. He’s asleep. They’d kissed passionately and Dean had repeated his ‘I love you’s’ even more than usual.
“Right.” Dean mutters, “And the student becomes the master.”
“Sure. But are you getting a double or a single?”
Dean would say he’s possessed, but coating his door with holy water led to nothing but a glare.
I hope you all enjoyed it! This work was such a joy to write and reading all the comments was very uplifting!
“Uh.” He balks, “These – these are special ones. Flavours, glo-”
is the older one?” Dean whispers to Cass. “This place is unbelievable. I can’t wait to get the hell out of here. I’d even go back to watching the angel and the demon screw each other.”
Adam cocks his head. “You’re kidding right?”
His sigh draws the other Dean’s attention. His eyes blow wide open and he shoves Dean out of the way and rushes over to embrace him. “Cass.” He breathes, one hand coming to rest on Castiel’s neck. “Castiel.” He breathes harshly. “I can’t believe you’re here.”
I keep to the trees, trying to listen for anything, but all I can hear is roaring fire, and the sound of my footsteps.  I pull up my ginch, so I can run a little faster.  Cas telling me to run overrides the other, and I jump behind a large log, to assess just what the fuck is going on.  Cas feels even further away now, and that itchy feeling of not being close builds to an aching that says,
Dean always knew that once he was a spoken for omega, whoever his alpha was, wouldn’t be likely to allow him to continue in a career so dangerous.  Alpha’s can’t help the sorts of protections they feel drawn to, it’s their biology.
"I've got it.  Put your pants back on, and I will return it to you," he says replacing his belt.
to Lucifer.
But nothing happens.  I’m just some guy rubbing a useless dragon scale in the darkness.
Cas places the edge of the tweezers just under my nail, on the pointer finger of my left hand.  I breathe carefully, and all fucking jagged.  I have to close my eyes.
It's late when Lucifer appears.  "Glad to see you're reading."
"I know you don't like wearing it."
Cas has cooled off though, so I chance talking.  "Um, Cas?"
Is … is that true?  No.  That’s bullshit and fuck this guy.  “I’m plenty disciplined,” Dean says, voice raising.  “Papa spanks me all the time.”
Dean bites his lip, remembering part of why he was upset.  “What will we do, Alpha?”
The song switches to “Nothing Else Matters.” Cas is severe as always but not angry. He puts down what he’s working on. “Come here.”
He laughs.  “I thought you liked reading, my Sam?”
"Haven't had a mate.  I haven't been a monk in that time.  I've had lots of—"
“Yes, I noticed the juice in place of the wine,” Dean says.
Tann looks around, then sneaks a squeeze to Dean’s hand.  “It will come soon, my omega kin.”
With Cas, it’s near to impossible.  He wants to let go for him.  He wants to join with Cas in that nameless space where they cum together.  Pinching off the pounding force of the orgasm that wants to burst forth takes Herculean effort.  So, when Cas finally bursts open, Dean’s not far behind him letting forth power and energy with it that he hopes Cas can feel.  His balls unload, shooting over his kilt.  He crumples in exhilarating exhaustion and laughter nearly bubbles forth.  Cas topples beside him.
“Cas!  I’m wearing my collar.”
“Dean used to think so, too,” I say.  I don’t mean to mention Dean, it just comes out.
I work on relaxing my body, and taking it, trying to enjoy, so the lubricant with come.
“But Luci, you need to be taken care of.  My inadequacies shouldn’t deprive you.”  I move to get to my knees.
water is nice, and I enjoy the fuck out of it.  I don't enjoy when I'm presented with a set of green robes.  "To match your eyes, Gabriel said," Claire tells me with amusement playing in hers.
That makes him angrier.  “I don’t care what I gotta do, Sammy.  I will figure out a way to get the bond to work with Michael.  Maybe we can pull him out of the water first, so you don’t have to do in.”
Dammit.  “Fine, Ruby the demon.  But I was out of my mind trying to get my brother back from the last big trouble we were in.”
This episode is really fluffy, but it's also laden with humiliation kink. Remember, Dean is an adult.  The consequences Cas gives while very little sounding, are all part  of the thing they have going, as consenting adults.
They get the flowers sorted, and Jo assures him she’s got her replacement lined up if her wife goes into labor.  From there, Dean visits with the head of the cleaning staff, head of maintenance, and at least three other heads of their respective departments, all before lunch.  His muscles ache and he considers lying down before completing the rest of his daily duties, but Cas’s empty chair at lunch reminds him that his mate isn’t taking breaks, so why should he?
The dragon wakes up before long, and while Cas is coming back, he still hasn't opened his eyes.  Dragon stares at him with me.  "He'll love you, I'm sure of it," I tell him.  "It just takes time for him to warm up to people, and creatures.  You'll be fine."  Yeah, I’m lying.  I'm not sure Cas warms up to anything.  He's friendly as a cactus.
“So what, you and I have to find our magical core, or something?”
"We all know you didn't have to
For my brain, if it's between go into yet another tent, and be used as a fuck toy, or worse, or to Lucifer, there's no question as to which I'd prfer, and I'm alleviated like you wouldn't believe. It doesn't matter how little sense it makes; I should drudge on, hating them both equally, especially with the beating he just gave me this morning, and let's not forget it was Lucifer himself who ordered I offer myself off as the camp whore.
“What do you hate about the dungeons so much?  They’re clean.  Reasonably comfortable.”
“You’re already my son.  You’re made from me—they used my life force to make you fire fiend—but we haven’t been around each other and so we’ll need to form a parent bond.  I’ll be your father and you’ll be my son.”
"No need, I remember."
My lip fucking wobbles.  "There are two left."
"Let's have a new moment, where you suck my cock, and I put pretty marks on you."
The answer comes to me like a long, forgotten memory.  “This is the edge of the architect spell.”
I brush his hair back, and sway him.  Even with just having been healed, he looks tired.  He must have been up all night.  Sometimes Jack doesn't sleep, and I don't know if that's because he's Nephilim, or something else.  Lucifer did tell me he doesn't need as much sleep as a human would, but I wonder if his sleep is on the lower side even for a Nephilim?
Everything feels like it's going to hell right now.
For a long time, Dean’s gone.  His orgasm shoots through every cell, a warm, euphoria.
"Cas, are you all right?"  I kneel down to see if he's hurt.
Cas drops me like a hot potato.  “What?  You’ve gone insane, Gabriel.  As far as I understand, that kind of magic can’t be initiated without a profound bond.”
“Yes.  That and you will obey me.  When I say be on the field at dawn, you’re on the field at dawn.  Understood?”
“That wouldn’t kill you.”
There’s one more room to peek in.  Dean’s jaw drops and he turns to leave almost as soon he’s looked, closing the door tightly.  It’s another ‘playroom’ kinda place.  Like up in the dungeons only with far more kinky shit.  The sight has his cock drooling.  Not good if he wants to obey Cas’s dark order.
______________________
When Dean reaches the sixth month mark, that’s when it hits him: He’s going to be a mother and then he’ll have to look after a baby.  He will be responsible for another life.  Problem is, he has no idea how to look after another life, let alone a baby.  It took them so long to get pregnant (by comparison to other couples) when Dean was finally carrying their little boy within him, he didn’t think about things like looking after him.
Other than my small blip at the beginning, the dinner goes well, in terms of how Lucifer would expect me to behave.  The family seems to enjoy our company.  It’s an experience that could even be called
He's a little boy, but he speaks too eloquently for a little boy, he can't be a regular little boy—he's something.
Lucifer lets his feet drop to the ground.  He shuffles them, kicking like a toddler told they can’t have cookies before dinner.  His eyes never leave the blade.  “I’m not lying,” he says.  It’s a plea.
He smiles, but then it fades.  “You don’t love me enough though, not like you loved him.  You don’t look at me like Jonathan looked at Michael.”
None of it’s that easy.
The General is his Master.  The knowing rushes through him the same as the blood through his veins.  And now that he
do, Cas.”  This fucks with my head some more.  I chant over and over how much a robot can’t love.
"What kind of help do you need?"
Gadreel raises his brow.  “Really?  We’re one in.  We have a lot of days of this.  Don’t dishonor yourself by begging so soon.”
Dean nods.  That’s what he’d called him at coffee.
“Don’t let me do that do you, Jack.  Not ever.”
This.  This is what he was aching for.
"Give me your hand."
We arrive, and it's the stupid things I notice.  When Boydega and I out of the car, he shuts his side door, too long after me.
"Until I thought you were losing too much blood," he says unapologetically.
So he's the expert now?  I don't say it though.  I've mouthed off enough for one day.  Instead I join him, and miss him too.
“And you’re that confident we’ll get three?”  Of course, Cas is.  Cas thinks he should have everything he wants.  Mostly because he does get what he wants eventually.  “You didn’t want this one.”
We both understand the truth, if he decides he wants to rip me out of this suit and take me here, he will, with or without my permission.  But he likes my flirting.  “All right, I won’t ruin your hair.  I love it though, Sam.  I like seeing you dressed up like this.”
“Sammy,” he says pulling me to him.  “I’ll have food sent up.  You need rest, that’s all.”
I jump to obey.  I don’t care who’s there. I straddle his lap and smile when he pulls my lips to his.  “Sam, we have to talk.”  He snaps his fingers and everyone leaves the room.
Gabriel’s affected.  Very affected and licking his lips.  At least he’ll be sexually frustrated too.  “Bend over and grab your ankles.”
Dean finds his boots interesting.  “I’m sorry.  I really wasn’t tryna be a dick and make you worry and lose sleep.  I’m just so tired, Papa.”
“But you don’t know for sure.  Why would you do something to me without knowing for sure, Master?”  Dean breathes to control his anger—he doesn’t want this newly discovered creature inside him taking over—but he seethes.
I nod.
“Yes, but they were also so much more.  They were specifically constructed to gather energy from water underneath them and the stars above them.  The Egyptians harnessed the energy for healing.  They even went so far as to align the pyramids with the stars proving you can use architecture to harness the energy of the world.  Magic.”
Dean’s sure.
“You were taking too long.  We have to go”
In any case, I'm able to relax enough I close my eyes, and drift away thinking about easier days when it was just Sammy and I, driving down the road in the Impala.  I jump when I open my eyes.  Cas is there, leaned against the wall, watching me like he's solving a puzzle, one he's in awe of, with what looks like a pair of black pants folded over his arm.  "Cas?"
voice.
“You don’t ask for much, do you?”
Had I the luxury of time, I would sleep on it, but I don’t.  “Yeah, okay Cas.”
“For now.”
"If it pleases you."  I must look awful and smell worse, I'm not sure I particularly want Jack to see me, but I need to know he's okay.
“No, Master.  I should probably turn in.”
“This is amazing news.  Either boy or girl would have made a fine heir, plenty of betas have made good Empresses in my family, but I love knowing what we’re having.  We can start the preparations.  But you my naughty omega, you’ve still been doing too much, I want you to give more of your workload to Jeri.”  Jeri is the beta Dean hired to help him.  “I hear she is capable.”
“No, you’re fucking not.  C’mere.”  Jack makes his way into my lap, his hands still bound together at the wrist, I put my arms around him.  “You know, when I was a little boy, my dad was pretty hard on me too.”
I look to my right.  In the sea of people the only one I care two bits about is the floppy-haired one with the smile like pure sunshine standing next to me in his over-sized maroon hoodie.  Sammy.  "What do you think it's gonna be, Dean?"
“Baby was my car, Master.  You’re sure it was hitchhiking?”  Sam’s just, not a hitchhiker.  Dean would be more likely to without Baby and even then, either brother would still be more likely to hot wire a car or “commandeer” one than hitchhike.
Sam squints at them.  “Buttons?”
My eyes are wet.  “I know okay, I know.  I haven’t seen him since last night, which I am telling you about right now and before that, it was before the whole last time you punished me for, uh doing the same thing.”
Sam gets up slowly, trembling.  “Sorry.  Yes, my Lord.”
It’s fucking Gadreel.  The early map table game makes sense.  Cas knew.
I set Jack down, and he knows to follow close by my legs.  I keep my pace even, so his little legs don't have to struggle to keep up to mine.  Everyone's stopped to watch us, fascinated.  It doesn't seem to matter how long either of us have been here, we – Jack and I – never cease to be a topic of interest.
After breakfast, Daddy and Dean spend some time snuggling on the couch together.  Dean is still a bit put out with Daddy though.  “Daddy, I don’t like these, mitts,” Dean complains.
"Sorry I was delayed."  He slams the carcases of a couple birds on the table.
I feel it.  But I don't push him.  There's only so far I'm willing to go.  "Enough of this.  Come."
“Hey, Master,” Dean says, giving Cas a charming smile.  Maybe Cas will fuck him.
Dean blushes.  “You’re ruining my game by calling me adorable, Cas.”
He was so honest with me, he took care to explain things in a way I might understand.  It’s hard between humans and angels.  We might both be speaking English, but the way we operate inside is different and therefore the way we use that language to say things comes out in from different contexts.  He might as well talk in Enochian sometimes, for all I understand him.  The point is, he tries and he’s genuine about trying.  Normally, I appreciate this, but that day I was riled beyond reason.
He taps the book.  “You don’t understand what an honour it is to have an angel interested in bonding with you.”
“Yes.”
“What the…?” I start answering my own questions before I ask them though.  Gabriel wanted to come with us, but Cas is not Mr. Get-Along-Gang.  He never would have allowed that, so he had to follow us covertly, which Cas also would not like.
I grab one of my lightest robes. “Jack, would you like to come with me, or stay here?”
“I’m saying it.  I don’t care about me, or the world.  Besides, if
But the fear of what Cas will do to me isn’t what pulls me forward.  Something deeper is whispering to me, telling me I
“Sometimes I want to hoard you away. I don’t want anyone else to have you.” He’s grumpy about it, like a toddler being made to share his toys. And that’s a bit like what it is. As if God made a failsafe so his kids would share their things amongst each other.
