When they are standing next to the bed, John pulls his t-shirt over his head. First, Sherlock’s eyes travel over his chest, his scar, his belly, and then
restless hand, a light sway in his stance, the puffiness that speaks of
by the insight she has in her sons. But before he can give that any further
just in front of him, his dark hair and his white skin. And then he does
Most of them show a man with short dark blond hair. He is probably in his
“Sherlock, Matilda wants you on the phone,” he interrupts Sherlock.
adds. “Feels strange.”
opened and glasses put on a tray. There is muffled talking, a back and
tiredness creeping up from inside.
need to share this. He doesn’t need his dad’s approval — or his anger, or
believe all this is over.”
nervousness. But then he decides that having sex — very new sex, and this
in fucking Sussex. I can’t do anything to contribute to the mission, I
touching his.
reads them, trying to help them in whatever way. They keep him up to date,
John finds a rhythm of sucking and stroking, grinding his hips against the
would have done it by himself.
all of this came without the annoying pain of doubt. Or double and triple
means that she won’t have to pay rent afterwards. Her salary will, for the
heat. Sherlock is sweating and so is John, their skin is moist where they
hospital now. He’s got a gash on his forehead, about an inch and a half
this feels.
his nose buried in John’s hair. He lifts his head to look at Sherlock
hisses at a swirl of tongue or a flick to that spot below the head.
Still, John felt as if he had clung to his phone like a drowning man to a
The feeling of these holidays is... this. Feeling that Sherlock’s here,
golden light of sunset, with the burning midday sun or the clear, cloudless
And since music is going to play a role in this fic now and again, here's the
that John remembers from days spent at the beach. Minutes and hours
And then he knows.
“Yeah, sure.”
There will be a situation in the last third of this chapter where John and Sherlock will encounter homophobia (mainly slurs). All will go well, but if you prefer to skip that part, stop reading at the asterisk (*) and jump back in at the two asterisks (**). There'll be a summary of the scene at the end of the chapter.
wet towels and now they smell like sunshine and salt. It’s a comforting
at university. Mycroft had no idea how far that friendship went.
hoped that once they grew accustomed to the whole situation and to the new
hums and cradles John against the half-empty bookshelf as John’s hands are
Christ, all
the darkness, John can see the contours of Sherlock’s body, and eventually
“Fuck, I don’t know, Sherlock,” John says, suddenly tired of talking, tired
gestures breathes the relief of
even stops wondering which is worse.
Their suspect is leaving, talking on his phone. He waves at his brother,
him, knees touching.
later.
They touch at the full length of John's body and John tries to explore Sherlock with every part of his skin. His mouth against Sherlock's, his hands on his
not to go faster at
tucked on the small bench against the wall that divides the changing room
weeks ago.
say them out loud, and instead, he asks, “Do your parents know?”
She yawns, and smiles at him, as if he hadn’t found out a couple of hours
Still, please be careful with any information during telecommunication.”
discovering a whole new world, infinitely fascinating. Sherlock looks open
“I am reading.”
and everything that happened on every single day since the end of August
his experiments. Grabbing a sandwich on his way home, only a small one, his
Later that week, John happens to overhear another conversation between Sherlock and his mother.
white rectangle of gauze taped to his forehead. For a moment John wonders
“John, sleep now. You'll find everything you need on the sofa. And stay as long as you need to.“
discuss it, she can be so fucking stubborn. I didn’t want to tell mum and
John wonders if their mutual wordlessness suffocates his dad as much as it
Sherlock feels calmer. He is vaguely shocked at himself for sharing this
. He feels their cocks together, hard, wet and
their towels, listening to Sherlock’s CDs. Finally exhaustion wins over the
He was still angry about being fooled. And at the same time relieved he had told Sherlock something after all. It was as close to the truth as he could
an end and the cigarette is almost down to the filter, Sherlock says, in
“Of course I am,” Sherlock says, because he is. John had been in love and
? Never heard of it. You're sure this isn't one
shifts to take the pack of cigarettes out of his pocket.
as I can tell, the car that was supposed to take them here was hijacked. My
Arnel han’t even finished smoking when two elderly women walk up the street
It takes Sherlock no more than a moment to notice that John isn’t at his
eyes, and immediately squeezes them shut again. The morning light inside
In a hurry, he discards his t-shirt and his cropped jeans. He tries not to
held. He almost cries out with pain when he remembers that last night, it
minute. She briefly waves her hand at John, then turns back to Gemma and
would require an explanation of itself.
hears Harry talking to Sherlock, barely audible over the noise of raindrops
had been fading, and the shadow of the past weeks had been clinging to him
is prepared,” Mycroft says absently, waving a hand in the direction of the
beating quickly.
“Yes, I know what a boyfriend is, Sherlock. No, I won’t do that. No way. And I was right, I don’t like it. Sherlock, you must be out of your mind.”
“Well I had to see you on that Saturday eight fucking weeks ago, and on
I will do a little travelling next week. I will do my very best to squeeze in a little time and sneak some wi-fi
Now he gets an inkling that things could be different with someone in his
Ten days before being shipped back to England, he managed to send an e-mail
nods.
around four, and when Sherlock gets back to bed this time, John is still asleep.
new image in the mirror is still unfamiliar. And yet it feels as if more of
John grins.
hand on Sherlock’s lower arm and gently holds him back.
“Six months later, my mum finally decided to get the divorce. She told him
stairwell like thunder. Finally a door opens and the noise subsides. A
John holds his breath as he watches his dad fumble to shut the door, as if
carefully, to do whatever makes Sherlock sigh and gasp, whatever it takes
John looks down at Sherlock’s torso, looks at his come, white on the pink
He only wakes when the noise of the engine drops to a lower volume. He
crush on a man. Sherlock told him that he’s attracted to men, enough to
because John has told him what he feels in the first place; that they’re
But it’s the look in Sherlock’s eyes that makes John’s heart stutter for a
John feels his tongue in Sherlock’s mouth, and his finger in Sherlock’s
for Sherlock in this moment. Fucking
Sherlock sighs.
ocean’s untamed rawness waiting for him behind the careful arrangement of
did they ever really have something in the first place? Or could it just
cozy.
“Is he conscious?” John asks, quickly disentangling his legs from
. And it never really fades. It is worst at night, when she
The next day, John helps Harry move, just as he’d promised.
even though it must be noon by now.
She was dead within a day. Sokół had been doing his research.
“Besides, I can name every bone in the human body, and I’ve got to put that
John starts uttering a string of praise that makes Sherlock blush even days
They kiss and undress in the darkness. Their hands roam across backs,
amount of care? It suddenly feels like the very thing he wants. Maybe, yes,
brings Bee and some of her toys. Despite the fact that
“I am trying, you arrogant twit.” There is laughter in John’s voice. It is
from a fireplace in it, traces of the rich spices of Thai food. A faint
out loud for Sherlock to hear, into the wind that brushes across the ocean,
away from strangers who have no business hearing any of this. A moment
to make him sweat.
are.”
“Dad. Hello. How are you.”
believe it. He playfully rubs the tight ring of muscle, getting used to the
is the worst thing that could happen to her on a summer
wrapping his own hand around his cock and getting himself off, nearly
her voice a moment later, the kind that that tightens your throat when
Victor would leave him as well.
Sherlock hesitates, trying to finish typing out the message blindly. He
happening to him, he fell in love with Sherlock, who is
conversation, just to check Sherlock's reaction within a split second,
“Yes, that. And there are... other things.“
John’s shoulder and pulls him away from the street. They stumble onto the
that Matilda and John himself might be harmed is kicking in once more. John
John. He isn’t even fidgeting anymore. “Maybe I wanted to protect myself as
John thought with a giggle.
guess what he’d say. He pictures the wind ruffling Sherlock’s hair and
the best possible way.
just arrived at the campsite.
his dad had left in.
John groans into the kiss. Sherlock opens his mouth and their tongues slide
until he finds his entrance. Sherlock groans when John touches it. He draws
The man lies on the ground, face down.
of his vague feeling of embarrassment, of exhibiting a part of himself that
“I love you, John,” Sherlock says, the first sentence in an eternity and
just hints of thrusts, but they are enough to keep Sherlock here, with him.
more, how he’d come shockingly fast. He slipped his own fingers inside his
something, try and cause trouble.
last birthday.
she smiles against Gemma’s mouth. John finally clears his throat and stares
sleeps for a little while, as well.
the cigarette again and exhales a shaky laugh. It’s too much for him
work, after Sherlock had jumped. He was grieving, shaken, not himself. She
“Boys, you joining me? We could walk to the takeaway on Andover Road.”
face, much more intense now than it was when he fingered him. John groans.
serious, but fairly stable condition. And that Maurice Redfern had been found. He had been around when Jonathan od’ed, but he panicked and left. He
truth is that he isn’t as happy as he thought he’d be. Isn’t this what he
becomes more daring, tries longer slides up and down John’s cock and he can
She can feel something is off, and it leaves her a little restless. Why
around John, he carefully pulls him into a hug, murmuring “I am sorry” once
“It just happened a few minutes ago, in front of the shower houses. He was
ago that she’s sleeping with his sister. And weirdly enough, it might just
“Very much so.” He pauses for a moment. “Did you… did you tell him about
back of his head, pulling him closer, into a kiss. Sherlock sighs when
mouth.
heartbeats. Finally, he turns and follows James to climb inside. A moment
He had hesitantly allowed himself to lean into the touch, still bracing
then he pulls his t-shirt over John’s head. John lies down on the sleeping
“Just — maybe not today,” Sherlock adds, wincing a little, and smiling
Where’s this fucking emptiness coming from, he wonders, feeling a pinch of
John wonders if they should try to get there. His mind conjures images of
John clears his throat.
John parks the car in front of the house. Matilda has woken up twenty
Sherlock eases his embrace and tilts his head, his breath stroking across
question him at some point.
They decide to spend a few days at the Holmes’s house at the end of August. Sherlock rents a car, they pack their things and get ready for a small
their lips finally, hesitantly, meet. But even then, their kisses stay
enquires as he sits down next to John. He hands John a glass of wine.
“You’re gay,” John replies, because it seems to be the simplest way of
reasons to stay here, with him.
from his pocket. He takes out
Sherlock had come back? Maybe — he doesn’t quite allow himself to even
glance, but let go of it again quickly. They treat each other’s and their
felt like shit when she eventually came down, cried and everything. But
John’s and Matilda’s sake. John swallows.
“John. It’s just for two and a half days.”
broken shell, used and dirty, and completely bereft of its purpose. He
Trying to be in time for their lives.
you are going on a father and child health retreat in Cornwall for a few
He looks at the cigarette in his hand, pulls once again, and, without
My loveliest readers, I'm working on chapter 27 and I have in fact made good progress. However it's hard to focus on writing at the moment. I want to write as much as I can though, I guess we can use something good and happy in between.
, for him. Just touching someone has never felt this
“Swimming? I don’t know, has she taken the snorkle?” Gemma sits up, looking
Avoiding John’s gaze, he looks at his hands instead, and at the sea.
“There are no personal belongings left. Her bag was already on the
moment. He tries to swallow down the lump in his throat, and says, slowly,
Sherlock had explored the gift with his hands and fingers only, he had
yes, he is enjoying this kiss, positively indulging in it. He looks needy.
thought I’d get you a candle. More romantic that way, isn’t it?”
boyfriend. He could smack a kiss on Harry’s cheek. And Sherlock, he wants
That first night, that first cigarette, that first time he looked at
legs, catching in the fine white blond hairs, barely visible if it wasn’t
“Yes, I got that, but what was remarkable about him?”
As time passes, John finds it harder and harder to understand how he ever could have lived in that house in the suburbs. Or how he could have considered
Sherlock gets up, his chair creaking in the silent kitchen as he pushes it
“What is it?“ he asks distractedly, not even looking at it.
this was his own blood and the overwhelming sensation of
turn and leave, but it’s too late.
there’s a sickly smell of warm beer.
know he’s okay.
falling.
Catching Sherlock’s eye had felt like standing on stage in front of a
oxygen to his brain where it isn’t needed, because he can’t put a single
sound of the front door falling shut. He hears the familiar sound of his
entirely.
their power to comfort him. He sucks in a long breath. It’s only when he is
“Cup of tea?”
now. He must be making a fool of himself. But still he adds, “They said it
John squeezes his eyes shut, head turned to face the side window. He takes
The bottle hasn’t even been opened yet. He unscrews the cap and drinks
But he can’t forget the way Sherlock looked at him, his raw emotions and,
up a slow pace of moving his hands over Sherlock’s body. He had slid his
“I want one of you, too,” Sherlock says, stretching out his hand to take
so self-centered.
If he knew Sherlock would let him, John knows that… he’d want him. Like
The breathtaking talented @khorazir has made a
“Not as far as I know.”
, when Sherlock went on.
He let the salty water wash away the sweat of the night and his faint
It seems to be important to Sherlock, since he makes such a fuss about it. John doesn’t quite understand it. But then he is quite used to not understanding Sherlock. He looks at Sherlock who is intently typing away on his phone. Probably ordering the homeless network to keep him up to date with the latest London crime activities. Or insulting Lestrade via text. Suddenly he feels grateful that Sherlock is there. In his life. That he gave him something to go back to, to hold onto after what happened. He may still be a madman, but most of all he is the person he needs most in the world.
“Well, I used to be a nice young soldier and I couldn’t resist you even
“How do you know all this?” he asks after a moment.
“Good morning, Sherlock.”
looks around as if he had just discovered he is in a restaurant near St
through empty streets, through an empty town. When the train station comes
lips, ears, the freckles on his forehead. His fingers. His neck. The way he
his bike against the grey wall of their house, next to the front door, just
to see. Knowing that it was Sherlock who did this makes John’s head spin.
Sherlock, the scent of his skin and his hair, the way his body moves.
“From Greg. Greg Lestrade.”
“There will be no such thing like a bloody fucking swear jar, Sherlock.”
“It’s getting a little dark, don’t you think?” John asks and switches on
cocaine in London. I… I tried it, and it felt amazing. It does heighten my
lips close around the filter, just where his own lips were a heartbeat ago.
“Thank you,” Sherlock says eventually, planning to leave in a few minutes’
“Oh, Sherlock, hold on – sit up. Yes, like that, you are doing well. –
his finger on the soft fabric without even opening his eyes.
distractedly, not lifting his eyes from his phone, shifting his attention
the next wave water gushes into the snorkle and he coughs so hard he has to
John walks up the stairs, grasping the handrail to keep himself going. The
buttocks with his hands and held him and for a second, the thought of
beautiful,” Sherlock murmurs. John hears him
Come and sit with us.”
“Hey,” John murmurs, pouring the words into his kisses, “I’ve got you.”
sometimes he watches Sherlock beside him, the way he looks
John sits on his bed, leaning against the wall. It’s the spot where Harry
hours. The time passes in a blur of sunshine and wind that tastes of sand
about it on every point. But it feels right to read. It’s something utterly
His steps are loud on the stairs, echoing down the large stony staircase.
John can't quite recall, his actor is taking a shower. This produces an
he should just retreat to safer territory, until he understands what is
her nose pierced. Gemma smiles as she hears it. Harry turns her head and
he’ll have to catch up on understanding when he’s back home.
“So. We both know what might come next.“
rough and raw and unforgiving. And it’s still a fucking beauty.
is speaking very low; whispers, half embarrassment, half shame. “Wasn’t
excel at many things he did.
Sherlock nothing but whispers, John almost can’t hear him.
“No, I didn’t, idiot. She just knowth. She’s like my mum.”
since they’ve known each other.
closes the last inch between them, pulling John into a deep kiss.
proximity just a tiny bit more. Standing behind him while he sits at the table, pretending to look at his laptop while he actually just tries to be close
where this is coming from — until now, he fiercely wanted Sherlock to
this place was obviously meant to study and lacked a proper blackboard at
Harry laughs with their mum in the living room, and John and Sherlock smile
“A sealing ring for that small Italian espresso maker. Don’t tell me you’ve deleted it.”
“She is.”
John shivers with desire at Sherlock’s touch, he melts into his arms and
sweating and tired, and already confused by everybody speaking bloody
waking up in the middle of the night because Sherlock has grabbed all of
Someone else, someone good
and down his cock, not quite meeting the movements of John’s fingers in his
lying next to him, warm and beautiful and real. He thinks of their talk
were idiots and not worth his time. But it had been infinitely more
drowsy, so he lets his head rest back against the armchair, listening to
closer than one usually would be. He could smell the other boy, see the freckles on his cheeks, his slightly chapped lips, some dirt on his forehead and
John pulls back and looks Sherlock in the eyes while he slowly trails his
“So. Are you planning to go?”
But Sherlock stirs and with a cat-like elegance, he crawls halfway into
bites her lip, hiding a smile. She looks up at John and he can see pride
is so familiar to John by now, the way he holds his head in question, and a
of it makes him choke on his own breath.
“Come on, John, it’s really not worth it.”
Sherlock doesn’t say anything to take his words back, to fucking put things
“Why?”
. She
John kisses him so fiercely he pushes him against the door frame and takes the pants down with both hands in one quick move. After a split second of
“I started checking her heart. It’s enlarged, something you see quite regularly among oarsmen. I hadn’t finished the post mortem when Sherlock got here,
The van has crashed against the wall. We are approaching it now. Hold on.”
now lost and purposeless. He pulls his coat closer around his body.
“Just asking.”
“You’re busy?”
auburn hair. Sherlock has always liked the way he looks naked. Something
companion. The last hints of laughter have gone from his face, and he is
grin, “We’re not back early, Johnny. It’s fucking four in the afternoon.”
“I know.” John is resigned. “I know.”
suburbs with Mary. And you really think this will keep you from getting into trouble again. Keep you safe and calm. No bothering about loving a man. About
Then he kissed John again, gently, yet relentless, demanding. They tried to
can sense the light sand at the bottom far below, but it’s blurred by yards
“Maybe he is going to cause an explosion near these places. Maybe it isn’t
that they’re somehow starting to be
needs John.
this.
“How did you not have an idea about this? It’s the most fascinating fucking
thousands of nights with cigarettes and wine. Sherlock is just as silent as
Later that morning, John is lying stretched out on his belly in front of
is just a week away. But instead, he squeezes his eyes shut and suddenly
quicker, too, although he is starting to feel the strain in his thighs. He
“You are in hospital. You have overdosed. Your stomach was evacuated.“
modern songs in the end.
“Hello, John. An hour, at least,” she replies from the kitchen. There are
“Sherlock? Did you say something?“
”Drugs?” John knows he sounds too concerned.
John studies his face. He is a beautiful man, and John allows himself to
live the life he has been missing. He squeezes his eyes shut as briefly as
On his way back, he saw that the cottage was illuminated. It lit the night and his way back like a lighthouse, a safe harbour. He found Sherlock sitting on
days. What you did. You planned it.”
Before he can reply, Harry takes Gemma’s hand and drags her along to hang
overpowering the music.
John blushes and reaches out to hand her the wine, muttering “Yeah, sure,”
entangling his limbs from his underwear in the small tent.
this stuff before, at least partly. But sometimes it takes a long time to
others to make sure nobody’d make a fuss.”
back to the cottage. It was completely dark when he finally arrived there, soaking and his shoes making squishy sounds as he walked.
Yet he still slips his fingers into Sherlock’s pants a moment later,
like Iggy Pop or The Pixies, and sticks with Joy Division, Radiohead and
of them lost in thought. Others are reading something on their mobile while
The reason why John left the army and why he struggles with an intermittent
Sherlock hums in reply, but John has the impression he isn’t even
he says, nodding in Sherlock’s direction. He sips
stupid enough (
“I’d kiss your face, but you’re covered in blood, John.”
“Just let me disinfect my hands, okay?”
He sees rocks and sand underwater, and more fish. He swims out further.
head to Sherlock as if he might know the answer.
milk now, you know.”
hand the way he needed to to work as a field surgeon. He was trembling, he
him. Just — talk.” She comes closer and touches his hand. “Go to him,
“Sherlock, you coming?” John calls from inside the house. He is standing on
“Can we… talk?”
He feels strangely ageless, as if he’s grown a lot older in a short span of
face.
are strewn across the small tent floor, and a water bottle, his torch and
at him and adds, rolling his eyes, “Yes, they’re in my year. No, they’re
wraps his hand around the shaft. Sherlock kisses him messily in return.
“You go to bed and sleep, John. I’ll stay here and take care of Matilda. Come on, off you go.“
end of their second year. After they had bumped into each other while
basket later, right?”
window, just like John and Sherlock.
He closes his eyes and sleep claims him back.
“No, everything’s just. Fine.” He inhales sharply and tries to change the
turns into rebellion. And it’s not always doing her any good. He watches
sleeping for almost an hour after lunch. He should go on reading, she might
his life other than pain.
“Sherlock”, John pants as he catches his breath, “you think we shook him off?”
sun, but he looks like
he’d ask.
feels it again.
before he’d watched the film. He just says that he
pressing against John’s thigh. John hears Sherlock’s heart beating, feels
The ride to London has been calm, Matilda slept and so did John, crouched into his seat next to him. Clouds were scattered in the sky, sunlight has lit bright spots on the ground. The wind has pushed into the car. It is a windy day, clear, and the air is fresh, even in London. The icy chill of the last days is gone.
though?”
small travel bed. John just looks at her.
lips again.
he feels the strain in his voice.
tell if he’s breathing hard or silently sobbing. He threads his fingers
With his eyes still closed, Sherlock had carefully taken it out, closed his
They are moving almost soundlessly now and John is holding his breath.
from?“
helped him discover a part of himself that had been entirely in the dark.
himself to go down to the beach again, not right now. He craves a
blinks, and a moment later, he shifts and they kiss, assuring each other
“No?”
“Sherlock. I am trying to help. I found you holding his leash. Please, tell me.“
slung around John’s waist. His nose is buried in John’s hair, as if its
This is so much more.
It’s as if something heavy and dark has been lifted off him, off his whole
to part from Sherlock. He wants to scream with anger and frustration.
damned thing to be over. Yet he is buzzing with restlessness and
“She was a professional oar. Collapsed right after yesterday’s training. I thought it might have been an accident or something related to rowing. Sometimes
accelerates and houses and streets float past his window.
Anger rises inside John again, it’s already boiling under Sherlock’s hand
“Can I stay here for the night? Just need a break before I go on.“
Steps approach Novak. There is a hard noise, a punch, Novak is stifling a
casting him a look full of longing and anticipation, full of the arousal
“John, but — but do you see that you didn’t talk, either,” Sherlock finally
the same spot, and stays there for a few moments, his lips resting against
“You didn’t. I’m sleeping now.” John closes his eyes affirmatively.
know. He couldn’t deal with the fact that mum earned her own money, or that
man, a head taller than John, and although he’s lean, bordering thin even,
he vanishes in the night.
“Goodness, I need to clean myself up. I feel awful. I need a shave.“ Sherlock gets up and walks to the hallway. When John starts to clean the table, Sherlock turns and holds John’s gaze.
he wonders if Sherlock might put the cigarette between John’s lips again,
yeah?”
“Anytime, sir.”
never told to anyone before.
Sherlock doesn’t say a word, but pulls again on the cigarette. It glows
It’s too much for John, and he looks away, searches for the bottle of wine
He thinks. He goes back to memories of his heart beating wildly against his
Finally the bottle slips through John’s fingers, water splashes on both
moved a bit awkwardly.
window and amazing view of the sea. The cottage was tastefully (and probably quite expensively) furnished and decorated. Sherlock’s bedroom had an open
between the door and Sherlock. “I — I wanted to see how you’re doing.”
The strict hierarchy seems doable; in fact, it feels fucking relieving
Right now it feels as if this, too, was coming to an end; not only their
He smiles to himself and then at Margaret, who is handing Matilda a large
“Thanks, Harry.“
“Sherlock, why don’t you go to the beach today? The weather is just lovely,” Margaret suggests during breakfast the next morning.
questioning, spread a little wider in his chest, past the gunshot hole, to
“I...” John hears Sherlock swallow before his says with a low and steady
“I fucking well can,” John counters with a grin, challenging him.
He discovers another thing.
They lie there for a bit longer, and John listens to Sherlock predict the
Sherlock’s breakdown in 221b, he moved out of their shared flat and lived at Baker Street again.
out the last of his breath that he’s held in a laugh, veiling his face in
The first days are wearing. Wearing because both Sherlock and John get copies of the thick file labelled A.G.R.A..
A long time later, Gemma’s dozed off, and James and Arnel are talking in
beautifully so, pumping his hips steadily against Sherlock’s fist.
Seven months later, Redbeard had needed to be put down. He had been ill for
he remembers that they will, in fact, be in London tonight.
Unsettling and lifting a ton of weight off his shoulders.
months, when all John wanted was to have him back. Now that he can hear
hang. John swallows hard. There’s silence, apparently nobody knows how to
unfamiliar flesh that grew to close his wound feels like a part of him.
He drops the phone to the ground.
change into his swimming trunks. But somehow it’s too much to handle, he
every word, every syllable. He must hear every ragged breath John takes.
up.
“Yeah.”
“John, I don’t mean to rush, but — the earlier the better. Daniel and his
miss, and there are no words to express the pain of Sherlock being torn
around. Sherlock’s face comes into vision, there is blood on his face. John
Lying in their bed on Christmas morning, Sherlock hadn’t moved, hadn’t put
was wearing little make-up. Her face is thinner, her cheeks are a little
“Why don’t you ask him yourself? Oh, anyway. I’ve been worried, too, so I can just as well tell you.“
questions that will be discussed, and the steps that need to be taken. He
comforting, and too fucking much like the hugs she gave him at the
freckles above his eyebrows have grown a hint darker than they were in the
and feigns sleep instead. He can’t talk to her, not now. He feels heavier
John thinks, feeling the weight of Sherlock’s hand heavier on his belly.
craves a bit of danger. He’s not sure if that’s going to be enough to be an
“T’Is,” Sherlock replies breathlessly, still smiling.
“I want it. John. I do.”
“It is —” Sherlock looks at Elio. “Better to speak.”
Something inside John’s chest explodes. Warm joy pours from his stomach into his body.
he sighs and stops. He turns to look
pictures. He’d wanted to write a few innocuous lines, just a hint at how
plain, glistening with sunlight, and throwing all his questions right back
pleasure and his vision cross-blends into white noise, only shattered by John’s distant voice.
of what Sherlock is doing there. He doesn’t even try to touch him anymore,
target for those who were looking for kids to bully. So he loved the summer and winter holidays, when he could spend a couple of weeks at home with
stroke of hands or legs.
“Oh, she will be pleased.”
“Mrs Robertson’s house? It was being renovated last year.”
deeper. John feels Sherlock leaning against him, trusting him with the
to take him apart, slowly and methodically, with almost surgical precision.
later, right?” he adds.
John takes off the dark blue jumper while Sherlock quickly washes up two
her and she
remember his name.
open and a man tumbles out. One arm curled around his head, he is hitting
back and had found none. Turning his hand to meet Sherlock’s lips better,
How did they get here? How did John do it? It is such a small and easy
At the bar, John orders a new beer.
Eventually he gets hungry, and he needs to piss. His skin is sticky and
John moves closer. He puts both the petri dish and his glass of water on the table, then cups Sherlock’s head with his left hand, drawing him closer, and kisses him. Sherlock doesn’t move, doesn’t breathe. John kisses him again. John’s lips are soft and warm and amazing. Sherlock inhales, carefully, through his nose. And kisses back.
John has long finished the cigarette when Harry comes up the sandy slope of
spit, and swallows it down. He understands now why people would want to
sticks of driftwood, creating a large makeshift sunscreen, fluttering in
seconds later, he hears Harry’s steps behind him. She walks him down to the
happy task. He might stop at some point.”
bodies, through their touching hands, through John’s shoulder and the place
lost its promise of danger and the meaning it has held for John, now that —
“Yes.”
have noticed that Victor enjoyed spending his time with Sherlock. As well
saving John from his regret and his solitude, maybe sharing the weight of
“Ah, just a water, maybe. Really don’t want to get a hangover.”
between his legs and wraps his fingers around his erection. He starts to
Harry smirks and mumbles, “Yeah, I’ve noticed you like her.”
being harmed. He tries to detach it from the three of them, treat the whole
shared secret touches, and finishes his shower.
advantage she had as someone who had been working with Moriarty for years.
then remembers that she has a long shift at the hotel. He finds the note
coordinate if you don’t want me to tear off your earphone,” John says as he
at the street, where Eddie’s car was parked just ten minutes ago. After a
Sherlock, pale with flushed cheeks, breathing heavily, leans back. He
Sherlock’s there, and he’s dancing, among a handful of other people. He’s
wheezes whispered sobs into the palms of his hands and lets the t-shirt
eternity now that John had thought he was about to come any minute now, but
Sherlock’s for a moment. It’s enough time for Sherlock to kiss back, to
kitchen. All these memories have been shoved to the back of his mind,
floor, Anthea catches up on them and hands Mycroft a file.
of his spine. John ghosts his finger across it, following the line of
He’s awake again, and he needs to talk to Sherlock, to hear his voice. It
After a moment, John had felt Sherlock's gaze piercing him and looked up.
Eddie?” he says, laughing.
“Yeah. Thanks.” He holds up the bottle of coke and sips. Suddenly talking
the lamps in the living room. Before he comes back to Sherlock, his eyes
so fucking public school with his disheveled dark curls and his delicate
There’s a beat of silence. John feels sleep’s soft pliancy fade from
“As are you,” John replies, because Sherlock seems to have just as much on
it, he hears the years of denial and the pain they have caused John.
knows no one can tell him how things will work out between Sherlock and him. There is no guarantee he won’t ever be hurt by Sherlock. There never is. But
feels different from the kisses at the beach. It’s faster, it’s messy and
Sherlock shrugs and smiles, lopsidedly, but John spots tears welling in his
John laughs again.
can see Eddie turn his head and whisper something into her ear. Eddie
It’s a twenty-minute ride to Arcachon train station. The bus takes them
that Sherlock notices them.
“Yes,” Sherlock replies hastily, interrupting him.
John moves and his breathing deepens. He wakes. He turns his head to face Sherlock and opens his eyes.
might have waited for him.
“Hold that,” he says, giving the bottle back to John. Sherlock finally
with it, so why should any of us even
his heart beat under his fingers.
vanished. When all the sand is gone and his hand is empty, he takes another
believe in. It feels fucking good, knowing that there’s someone who
with an answer, with a defense or correction, Sherlock starts to smile, and
round buttocks with soft blond hairs. He licked into the little dip where
had rolled through the whole of his body like a wave and Sherlock had been
holidays.”
He has feverish dreams of Sherlock, some of them leaving him hard. He’s too
starts moving in earnest. But Sherlock is indeed well-prepared and when he starts rocking in hips against John’s cock, John stops thinking.
“Matilda still asleep?” John rumbles sleepily.
Before Sherlock can add anything, his phone makes a text alert noise.
Sherlock’s elbow in his face. His warmth under the duvet. He misses
wave of arousal vibrates gently through his body, like a low hum, enough to
They have some pizza on the sofa in the sitting room. Sherlock first
“Do you think mum will be?”
“Since when?“
they listen, growing more and more tense as Harry speaks.
Sherlock remains silent, not knowing what to say. After a while, he just repeats, “I never wanted anything more than this. Never anyone more than you,
cinema. None of the small decisions had actually mattered. He’d just been
conduct. Eddie and James casually saying hello, and maybe an exasperated
strokes of his legs. He swims towards the light, and the water up there is
office, John in tow.
dimmed only when a restless cloud passes in front of the sun. He wishes he
things. Heightening his thought
“A walk actually sounds quite nice, Sherlock. The weather is fine. Let’s do that,” John agrees.
intimate. But he’s so fucking glad Sherlock’s here with him, and that he’s
add, “we’ll try.”
“Hurry up, John, you’ve only got two minutes!”
something into Mycroft’s ear.
Sherlock’s chest is heaving, but he doesn’t say a word. He opens his eyes
tell-tale shadows against the tent’s fabric. The torch shines against the
It sounds lame, but it’s enough of an excuse and a hint that Sherlock rises
not anymore.
fuck, but it’s true nonetheless.
taking him away to battle the pain of his loss in the realm of the
It is as steady as a clockwork and gradually, John’s heartbeat slows down.
John sighs, pushing his buttocks against Sherlock’s groin, and Sherlock’s
himself, Sokół saw his opportunity and turned it into his means of
façade of rebellion and confrontation fades into something more genuine,
Serbia.”
“Just wondering. Just wouldn’t have thought you’d be into smoking,” Harry
of the smell of her skin and her shampoo preserved in her dressing gown.
with your life?” John asks once he’s back. He has a few greedy gulps of
“Violin. Go make your parents happy,” John replies.
“Me… me, too. Sometimes,” John says in a whisper.
John pulls him close and kisses him, fiercely, and as Sherlock realizes that fierceness, how much it is beyond just a casual mood of want, the blurriness is gone and his body feels as strong as if cocaine rushed through his veins. Sherlock is still over-aware of everything happening right now – John’s eyes fixed on him, his breath on Sherlock’s face, the heat radiating from John’s body, the delightful smell of him - and he catalogues every detail about John he senses.
“Sherlock.”
case in the 1950s. He proved all the letters allegedly written by Jack the
John smiles even more. He is positively grinning, as good as he can with the nauseating pain in his head.
his cock against John’s, in and out of their fists, is taking everything
fucking beautiful that John has to lower his gaze, staring at Sherlock’s
“You’ve got to pull, John. Inhale,” he hears,
cock is hard and beautiful and Sherlock props himself up on his elbows to
music, louder than the people talking and laughing around the campfire.
back into the building, pushing past the backs of other pupils standing in
beautiful, so they walk along the dark road to B. It’s not much more than a
darkness, but finally he allows them to manhandle him away from the dying
him was still inside their tent, lying naked on his sleeping bag, trying to
He’s awake, so very awake. He turns and watches the beach, small and
talking to him while he was lost in thought.
with Mr Holmes.”
the the time when the cocaine was wearing off, he even texted his dealer in
sun are slowly losing their almost blinding intensity; all the colours
meet a dealer, or Sherlock in an abandoned house with homeless kids, passed
that gave me a lot to think about.”
wholly incapable of keeping his hands off him.
The bleak November days pass. Sherlock attends all kinds of meetings that
finger inside him, carefully going further and sliding back a bit, until
— he has no idea when Sherlock might fuck him, or when they’ll even be on
darkness again.
“Is it that bad?” Harry asks, she’s worried. Gemma is coming closer, she
“I fucking hope so.”
Sometimes there is a steely look in his eyes, when you don’t expect it and
convinced he is never going to find an answer to any of these questions.
means that Harry and Gemma manhandle both of them
they’ve found a way to make this work.
Sherlock’s skin. He has never quite realised how much of a tan Sherlock
from these small daily activities, John slept and slept. He went to bed with limbs feeling heavy from the glass of whisky he had in the evening. He often
leaving Arnel, but finally he turns to walk away. The other two follow on
in front of him to Kurt Cobain’s rough voice and the edgy, raw sound of the
He shakes his head and huffs out a laugh.
the way. Too much shit to deal with to be easy with each other.
whole understanding of him. And he only really understands it now that he
deduce that from the way she held his hand? Or because she refreshed her
curve of lips. The arse of a underwear model he had seen in an ad at the
would take him to travel there. One and a half hours, probably more.
possible. To run his fingers across his face.
takes a look around. “Ah, you’ve taken care of the remaining bookshelves,
visiting. And maybe, when they have visited long enough, they can go back.
fact that John doesn’t see how he could do this, how he could find the
Sherlock bends down, huffs a quick kiss on the corner of John's mouth,
softening form, and crawls up to John.
John tries not to wonder how Mycroft knows about him and Sherlock or about his own unspoken worries. He looks at his tea cup and swallows.
the bright sunlight, a
John thinks, internally singing along with the music.
“Questions, anyone?”
Victor had seemed to be unaware of Sherlock’s inner war. He had been as
and I told him to fuck off.” He stares at the ground as
“I hope I’ll be discharged today. Then I’ll guess —”
They sit down next to Harry and Gemma, and a minute later, Arnel joins them
taste in itself, which it didn’t. It reminded him of buttocks, firm and
will be more discussions when — when he gets back.
called me
feels how Sherlock rolls his hips to meet John’s fingers fucking him. He
pocket of his trousers.
and every time he is relieved not to feel the warm stickiness.
Sherlock looks out of the window and smiles.
tongue against his.
“I didn’t need to,” Sherlock says calmly.
said Sherlock hasn’t been doing well in the past few weeks.”
shoves it under the bed as well, then takes an armful of dirty laundry and
called him
“Yeah, you did quite spoil me. Back then. With cases and everything.”
shifts a bit lower on his bed, until he is lying down completely, his eyes
compartment shut, he closes his eyes. Everything’s so fucking familiar
and Ryś. I’ve… got three places, all in the City: Paternoster Square,
He looks at Sherlock, curled on his side, and still sleeping. His hand
might call John now. Re-read the files if John is asleep already. Sherlock
skin. There’s even a pendant on it, a small purple stone. His gaze lingers
long dark hair and hips swaying with the rhythm of her steps. She briefly
this.
him understand what’s actually going on.
large, insatiable gulps and throws the bottle out into the sea as far as he
hand to Sherlock’s mouth, red from kissing and open with ragged breaths,
just to be on the safe side, just in case. Four hours of whatever waltzing
After three endless minutes, John replied.
She starts to pour coffee into Gemma’s mug and hers, and Gemma hands them
their tent to grab their towels and swimming trunks.
Sherlock’s voice over miles and miles of telephone wire. Hearing him
him a few more deep breaths, a few more moments, until he manages, “They
Looks good together, John thinks.
This alarmingly reminds Sherlock of his brother’s unasked intervention last night and in a rush he comes to the decision that
ground. He looks so tired.
moment.
beautiful, desperate sound. “Suck my cock.”
from falling apart. She was nice, and funny, and clever. She was perfect at
litany until John believes every word of it.
heard. His ears are still thudding. It almost sounds like a fire crackling,
“I think I’ve promised you that earlier.”
He’s so fucking in love.
talking about is approaching really rather quickly,” he adds, bitter. “We
that he’s shivering again. He sits down next to the entrance, not quite
! I love it.
name it.
“Since you told me I wouldn’t smoke back in England, I’d better seize the
“That’s beautiful. Sherlock plays very well,“ Melinda points out.
Sherlock shakes his head.
that Sherlock wants John, too — all of this seems to be appallingly unfair
he watches Sherlock undress next to him. For once, he doesn’t feel like
“What’s up, Sherlock? Your mother?”
and welcoming, it remains unpredictable, a constant challenge. Fucking
had a vague feeling that this discussion must have taken the wrong turn a
After John hangs up he sits on the small bench under the staircase for a
tracked in an endless loop of
Portsmouth. She’ll move out of their house on the day before the new year
hasn’t found one. So he lets the question hover in his mind as if it was
chips for lunch, sitting in the sun on a white bench at South Parade Pier.
from Sherlock’s hair to the back of his head, cupping it without any
Sherlock thinks. His heart sinks, and he knows with painful certainty that
tell Sherlock goddamn
his fingers further down, feeling Sherlock spread his legs a little wider
them when she goes on, “But, Johnny, it’ll get better. It won’t stay like
is tinged with sadness, with regret.
John has never heard him swear. Sherlock sounds completely lost, there is an edge of despair in his voice. It arouses him madly. Sherlock pulls him closer.
“I — I —” It’s pathetic, he’s stammering. He tries to avoid personal
they stayed at Sherlock's parents a couple of times. Usually for a few
John squeezes his eyes shut, and with his next breath in, tries to focus on
thought you were. Mary and I… we had started dating a few weeks earlier. He
“That’s great, Harry.”
He looks utterly happy.
side.
“I'm absolutely not,” Sherlock replied, still chewing.
“He has to far too much time to think and to plan things now,” Sherlock
Sokół is pacing, vibrating energy from beneath a calm and icy surface. He moves in
This isn’t a gentle wave anymore, this loss of control is as overwhelming
too late, everything in John’s life had changed. So he went to marry that woman he had proposed to, standing next to the man he loved. Let her shoot him and almost loosing him again.
They’re smoking and listening to Arnel singing. When the song is coming to
closer to the house and the rain getting stronger by the minute. He leans
his wine, then takes a cigarette and lights it. Sherlock is tempted to
pass them by.
feel his breath on his face, coming in quick gasps. John can see every
John still doesn’t say anything, he just rest his cheek against Sherlock’s
his skin and seducing him, but he doesn’t. Maybe Sherlock is still feeling
“I have heard my brother talk about foreign politics more than once. I’ve
pushing Sherlock against the wall, touching him until they’re both gasping
trafficking and money laundry as far as we can tell by now. Maybe
hard, finish his A-levels, go to med school and work hard again. Be a
Gemma. They dance barefoot in the sand, in the half-light between the fire
Sherlock doesn’t have eyes for the beauty of St Paul’s Cathedral. But he
John considers briefly and agrees. He takes one last look at the body and
John inhales deeply. Whatever — his heart skips at a beat at this thought —
switched off the light before he called John.
a laugh at seeing himself in the next photograph, lying on the sand, chest
Sherlock is still kneeling between John’s spread legs, and watches him as
had been laughing more in the past few hours than he had during the past year.
John didn't object and feebly went back upstairs. Sherlock followed him half an hour later. He brought his laptop and sat in the armchair next to window,
John tries to repeat some of the things his mum had screamed at his dad
took him back into his mouth and swirled his tongue over his cock. John
He is tired of waiting for things to happen, of hoping for something that
“Hey, Johnny, you’re dreaming with your eyes open? We’re going down to the
After Sherlock’s funeral, John went home immediately. Mycroft had told him something about gathering in a restaurant or a club afterwards. But he hadn’t
zips and take out piece after piece. They feel fabric that’s still damp and
Ryś asks in a low voice and perfectly calm.
Things are exhausting and, if he is honest with himself, quite intimidating. He didn’t have a choice but doing it this way, taking Matilda to raise her on
“Yeah, sometimes. But, well, that’s the way I want to have him. This life with him is the best thing I’ve ever had.”
had waited for John outside in the rain, but Harry hadn’t come to John’s
And it isn’t intimidating, not anymore.
“Okay, okay. Show me again. And slower, please.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John’s side and hands him the water bottle. Their gazes meet, it’s like
“That’s very kind of you, Mrs Hudson. Thank you so much. If you’d leave us now… you see, we should really clean this up quite quickly.” Sherlock is grateful John manages to speak in proper sentences, something he is not capable of at that very moment.
stops, hesitating. She seems to be unsure if it’s actually a good idea to
gel and deodorant, still lingering in the humid air after the men who’d
“Thirteen. I was thirteen when I understood what it actually meant,”
few times, and although he sleeps neither very soundly nor for a long time,
going to move to Portsmouth as well, in September.”
“You were sleeping, too?“ John asks.
utter fucking destruction. It’s like this that John understands that
John smiles. It is quite a perfect night. He takes a simple joy in Sherlock
establish eye contact, hoping, as days passed, that it would eventually
Tentatively Sherlock comes closer and leans against one of the pillars next
the very danger luring inside John. A man to kill for.
“Oh… wow? That’s — that’s cool. Yeah. I’m happy for your sister.” Bill
bloody
“Well - a bit better, actually. I was running. Where are you?”
But John can’t talk about going home, not now, not when they’re here, and
understand why it felt like this or why it made him gasp and nearly sob.
the sugar bowl out of her reach. He brushes Sherlock’s hand, who was doing
He’s wearing his shorts low on his slim hips, and the Pink Floyd t-shirt.
It’s still feels so weird, so new. He exhales a helpless laugh.
smiling at Sherlock.
“You said… you went to see him, right?” John asks.
In France, you say? During the summer holidays?
Sherlock’s tongue against his skin.
“Yes.” After a moment, John offers, voice still flat, “Twice a week.”
Sherlock carelessly drapes his shirt across one shoulder and looks at the
something different altogether.
“I don’t know. Just the usual?” John replies, thinking about the fact that
just the slightest bit, but John can still see it.
weather anyway.
do. Sherlock feels John’s shoulder blades under his right hand, which still
“’Course,” Sherlock whispers back.
John’s arm. Bill doesn’t pull away, as if he was saying,
difficult, no matter whether you’re bi or gay or whatever. He thinks of the
stretched out and crossed at the ankles. John slides down a bit until he
in the army.”
picks up a few pebbles, too. He throws them into the sea, as far as he can
doesn’t sound as nervous as he feels.
cheeks. It feels like somebody else’s face.
It feels like a promise to John, a first taste of what might be to come
he wants to ask, but he
or rehab, or to another, bigger city, where faster money was to be made,
He wants to say it.
There’s Novak’s voice over the speakers.
John’s exasperation is vanishing with the quick beats of the song.
He’s never been jealous before.
not paying for us. So, stop caring, John. He doesn’t care, either.”
John has to remind himself to breathe. Sherlock fucking himself with his fingers, panting, sweating and moaning, makes him almost abandon his plan and just
dams inside him feel about to burst, as he loses control of his arousal.
It takes two more torn nights and a Sunday wound up with boredom and
“He has an increasing headache and is feeling nauseous and dizzy. We are
Matilda grins and exclaims, “Nan!”
have kicked it off once it started getting hotter in the tent. He nearly
spent a total of two evenings with Sherlock, the man has captured him like
worthy successor for Moriarty indeed.
“You’re welcome,” the boy mumbles and Sherlock wonders if he should feel
When John removes his fingers, a shudder run through Sherlock's body. John carefully pushes his cock into the tight wet heat and goes still for a moment, holding Sherlock's narrow hips. There is nothing but their breathing, their pounding hearts and the water on their skin. When he starts fucking Sherlock,
This is Sherlock, shredding John’s best intentions to bits. Determined and
skin, tips into a tightness in his chest and flows into a light wave of
“You alright, Sherlock?”
He feels how much Sherlock wants him. He wraps his hand around Sherlock’s cock and his own again. He had no idea what this would feel like, none of his
Eddie arrives after they’ve already finished half the wine. They hand the
“Well, that was fairly obvious, wasn't it?”
that’s what keeps him, in the end, from asking all the question running
He neither saw James at Camp Bastion, nor in Afghanistan at all. Before John
It’s not only the dim remainders of his headache that make him feel as if
with furious despair, and far too often paralyzed by increasing
he did to just feeling his presence. John started talking to him.
between dad’s and pa’s chairs in the living room. Dad typing on his laptop
“And as a back-up plan,” she adds with a hint of amusement, pointing her
with moisture. All the time, John feels him inside, moving, moving faster,
“The dealer couldn’t see me until the late afternoon. Mycroft had booked a
of the disco, if he’s blushing. “Yes,” he says, at last.
Nutella and hopes that he’ll understand how much John cares for him.
onslaught of emotion. And yet, there’s also a small bubble of happiness
John turns on his back, bumping against the mattress, the duvet a tangle
“Yeah, hi Linda. Good to see you. Come in.”
last night was simultaneously the most beautiful and the most alarming
into a bitter pulp. Breathing through his nose, he has a mouthful of water
, John. That was a
Then there is Sokół’s voice again, very close now, he must be bending down
afternoon in March, he’d been happy — fucking exhausted after almost nine
mind.
to him and so Sherlock complies, and sits down next to him, much closer
“Anytime, John.”
able stop smiling, which had made kissing difficult.
still a little incredulous. He had turned from his side to his back, wiped
wrong clothes, someone from a warmer, brighter country, a little out of
of green and grey, and kisses him deeply on the mouth.
stored in his old bedroom for emergencies. John had explained to the others
“No, I can’t. I want to eat in the kitchen like a normal person –“
Sherlock looks down at a spot in front of him, where the white foam of the
for just having tried to call Sherlock.
John tries to talk to Sherlock twice more. First, he offers him some of the
never even said that out loud, to anyone. I’ve — I’ve never really been
and looks at John, raising an eyebrow questioningly.
“On my way to Stratford. Greg and I want to have a look at something.”
flood of emotion. It feels a little frightening and he stifles some of the
There are so many ways of loving someone. John still wants to pin him down
eyebrow at his brother’s choice of fashion, but doesn’t say anything. And
Sherlock's hands let go of the sheets. They travel restlessly over his own shivering body, shoving his long fingers into his dark curls, caressing his
Profoundly. He hopes that Sherlock knows this, too, that he always knows
Matilda can think of. He presses her against his chest and holds her for a
he’ll wake to the silence of his bedroom, lying in his bed, and it will
They’re close, and initially, Sherlock doesn’t touch John. He just dances
“Sir, Gregory Lestrade was brought here thirty minutes ago. He was treated
opens his mouth a little, letting his tongue touch Sherlock’s and dives
a few steps, calling his name into the night. John doesn’t turn back.
Half an hour later, Harry comes to his room.
table. He takes a heap of pasta from the pot, then Harry puts some on
couple, only clinging to each other’s habits and clichés. Two people who
endless loop in his mind, echoing through the hallways and stairwells of
taken on the blue-grey of the inside of school uniform and jeans. He must
Sherlock looks down, at the water between them, not even a foot of space.
every day.
brightening with the earliest rays of sunrise. He hates that he didn’t plan
He feels antsy, he can’t stay in bed. He gets up to have a glass of water.
Sherlock
great-great-grandfather fought in Kandahar, in 1880,” he added. He was
forcing himself to sleep and getting up, he looks at his watch. Thursday.
Christ, he really knows an answer, John thinks, both incredulous and
he finally thinks, calmer.
he thinks.
ride, this interminable good-bye, being torn away from each other in
“No. Don’t. Not now.”
people,
Sherlock blinks until reality has put itself back together into one
a time on her knees. Then she had figured she might try something new: Dad
that he ever acted like that. He can’t stop saying them.
more than a bit drunk when he lifts his eyes and looks up at the night sky,
kitchen. He eats a slice of toast, slowly swallowing each bite. It’s
Then another meeting comes up, new reports from Novak and strategies that
enough to walk next to one another, John in the middle and Harry and
Sherlock closed his eyes, put the phone on the mattress and listened. He
“See you on Monday, Bill.”
Back in the office, Mycroft throws a scornful look at him.
perfect idea for Sherlock's birthday.
So when Sherlock had been packing his books into his backpack, he had only
to ask, now. He can’t help but think about last night, about the drugs
. He saw the beauty
played along. He didn’t even know why. Mycroft had made him finish his
all-encompassing love for Sherlock.
his lips. John rests his forehead against Sherlock’s cheek for another
feelings again...“
He has never seen Mycroft like this.
second voice to the song. It’s barely more than a murmur, but so much more
shine. It’s hard to believe the endless blue horizon really exists behind
The sky is turning dark behind the campsite, like a cloth soaking up ink,
most of the day swimming, dozing on the beach, snorkling. When he’s in the
half-drawn curtains. But it doesn’t work, the picture feels wrong, like a
no less against his chest. John is slightly out of breath when he
John blinks against what might be tears, briefly wondering what Sherlock
He’s panting, furious at Sherlock, at himself. He kicks a moving box next
an idiot.
were all holding our breath, still waiting to see what would happen, what
foreigners were taking our jobs, how everything got more expensive. How
He can’t say anything. Not a single word. He draws a deep breath, hoping
“Wine?” Sherlock asks, handing him the bottle he brought. They already
and kept me in hospital. And I got stitches, I guess Arnel’s already told
to Sherlock’s tent further down under the pine trees.
. John smiles.
while he wipes tears of laughter from his eyes. Sherlock grins and when
dragging driftwood to the shore in its wake. It’s beautiful like the force
joy in her eyes.
About fucking right.
, dips his head and kisses John very softly. “Take me to bed, John“, he whispers.
He turns, and presses a hazy kiss against Sherlock’s lips, soft with sleep.
John pushes. One part of his brain is screaming with arousal, because he
He didn’t make any plans these days, he just tried to show up for his shifts and not to smell or act like the alcoholic he was about to become. When he was
a kiss.
his stomach growls with hunger, and Sherlock cocks an eyebrow.
Sherlock had fucked him with his tongue. In the end he had collapsed on his
and Sherlock’s gone.
only thing he ever wanted to do. Afterwards, Sherlock lets his lips linger
in the house. John is stealing kisses and touches whenever possible. Before
Sherlock’s kisses lack John’s desperate urgency and the and the
Sherlock still isn’t looking at him, he’s looking at John’s hand on his
mum had gone back to work. She’d complained occasionally, earlier, but… but
John needs another moment, another breath, another nervous stroke of his
“Here I am,” John replies, a little out of breath, not quite knowing what
He tries to push these feelings away, only to remember their talk about the
Poland. On his way up, Sokół has become much more cautious than Sherlock
“I’d like to kiss you now, Sherlock,” John says. He says it calmly, not
John is surprised that he elaborates on this, he usually shares so little
It doesn’t matter. Maybe it’s just a current of water he’s feeling on the
the army. But to achieve this Sherlock had to split up with him.
Eyes closed and trying hard to keep his voice from shivering, Sherlock
“That’s how I ended up in London. October 2009. Met Stamford and you four
Mycroft eyes the men and women thoroughly.
“Sorry? Do what?”
him.
of importation from the last year at the office a few hours later.
Instead he touches Sherlock’s curls, just enough to feel their weightless
black. After a few moments of walking through the vast duskiness, another
hurry. “Hello?”
“Watson, Matilda, born 3
like that. The way he was lying there, naked, hard.
tries not to be caught off guard by a seventeen-year-old.
It’s hot and wet with lube, and it’s fucking tight. John’s going to wank
he can’t have that happen now. Maybe he’ll be able face this some time
the feeling that he saw them before, at the campsite.
Sherlock pulls his hand back a fraction. He blinks, and John finds shame
“Talking. He… felt the need to make sure I understand what, well,
Once the last shudders have subsided, John takes Sherlock’s cock back into
shouldn’t bother me like that. It usually doesn’t.”
like this to him.
“John, there—”
high, and he’s immeasurably proud of her. He’s still worried about her
brought to the campfire one night, Sherlock even cracked a joke about it.
“I don’t know. Do you… want me to stay?” Sherlock blinks, eyes bright and
into his own bed, holding and cuddling her until she calms down.
what his life in the army will be like. Now that John has a choice, the
“No. She’s your sister. You’re dealing with Mycroft every few weeks. I think I can handle your yet unknown sister for an evening.“
No friends. After he had skipped a year and was the youngest in his class,
Sherlock.”
towel between the four of them. The pines cast soft shade over them, and
coordinate. He’s teasing and licking Sherlock, sucking him off while his
ago, not knowing how to talk to Sherlock; John, who clearly hasn’t slept
He gets two tumblers and a bottle of scotch from the kitchen, places all
been silence. He’d always pictured his mum turned away on her side,
Sherlock’s fingers dig into John’s shoulders, and Sherlock holds his breath
gotten over James… the most important reason, really, was… you.”
He exhales and stays silent, just looking at her for the duration of a few
actually going on.
hold John’s pain as well.
“Well. If you have eliminated the impossible, what remains, however
bed…” and he knows Sherlock
to his knees, curious and
John gets louder.
In summer 2007 a smaller camp closer to the mountains was built up, meant
Small fingerprints scattered over the the shiny wooden surface indicate a
“Wait, please, Sherlock, let me explain.”
tears she shed earlier.
unfamiliar sensation.
anything a man could ask for? He wants to rush down the stairs, storm into
swallow their partner’s come, and sighs shakily at the thought that
Sherlock’s head by putting his hands against the headboard in time.
Gemma and leaves the flat before she can get up and hug him, too. A few
A few minutes later, the cab arrives at Baker Street and they knock at Mrs Hudson’s door.
clattering cut through the silence. John tries to breathe more slowly. He
turning around. When John opens his eyes, Sherlock’s upside down above him,
seeking each other out for warmth. Their skin starts to warm up as they
at the back of his neck. He curses his past self for being so naive to
refused to stay at hospital” - Mycroft is rolling his eyes at this - “but
hear a song they like. Eddie and his girl dance as well, smiling at each
“Wet wet wet!” she says, wiping her hands over Sherlock’s face and into his
Sherlock plays calm, beautiful pieces for what seems to be hours. John is cuddled into his chair, his head resting against its back and his feet on
there isn't much of a logical explanation. But if John added sentiment to
of fine, almost see-through cotton fabric; it looks vulnerable and raw like
John had shown in the beginning. And it certainly isn’t the dancing. The
across the head of his cock and across the sensitive frenulum. John doesn’t
“Mycroft. Why do you tell me this?“
“We could send in a team now,” Mycroft agrees.
when he gets up.
“You can’t go outside as long as we’ve got this alarm level. You’re also to
“Well. Yes.”
fear that crept in when the house was silent and Sherlock got lost in the
“So no-one ever found out what really happened?”
between them: If he crossed the room, walked around the table and stretched
“So you hadn’t... before?“
“You’re saying she has been buying and
The way Sherlock’s voice is shaking takes the last faint bit of doubt or hesitation from John. Sherlock isn’t half as secure as he tries to be and obviously he is serious about this.
eyes. He bites his lips. Something very sweet, something very beautiful is
John thinks.
than two months.”
dark patch of his pubic hair and a flash of white where his cock is. John
When they leave the flat and hurry to catch John’s train, it’s still
“Now, John.
“Come on, John. You’ll actually be able to see him better up close,” Harry
be iron and steel industry, but that's just camouflage for weapons. We
his arms. His tent bag, still new and clean, sits on the ground next to
Matilda blinks twice, still confused. Sherlock bends down and kisses her
delight at understanding something new as well as her frustration when things don’t work out. Like a particularly stubborn ball that doesn’t allow itself
to lie down on his side. John slowly lets go of his cock, wipes his mouth
John actually liked the idea. He had seen Greg only once or twice since they had returned from Scotland.
around John’s finger gradually eases up.
Then his gaze drops to Sherlock’s shoulders, and he finds the blush of
They have just been back from lunch for an hour or so, when Anthea enters
Sherlock looks at him for a long time. Finally he says, “I won’t. I
them see where they’re going. Down at the beach the water is glistening
four years since John last saw him. He stares at the cupboard he’s putting
.” He winces at himself. Of course Harry, out of all bloody
The next morning, John gets up to go to the toilet. On his way back, he makes two cups of tea and takes yesterday’s newspaper to the bedroom. He doesn’t
to be his boyfriend. Now, as long as they’re here. But maybe even more than
down to the beach. It got late last night, drinking beer and talking while
“I should be going, Sherlock. It was a pleasure, as always.“
And -
“Who’s Arnel?” John asks.
that he cries again, and every sob is too much for his aching throat. He
Sherlock kisses her hair. He kisses her wet cheeks and wipes the tears away
Tomorrow Harry will be here and will help their mum sort through the
stomach. Certainly you know better than me what you’re feeling.” He sighs. And smirks. “Maybe a tiny bit. Well. You were so angry and unhappy. Had to do something about that.“
one where only one person sits. It’s a kid of seventeen or eighteen, dark
his kiss.
The stars are hidden by ragged graphite shreds of clouds, as if someone had
“Yes.”
“Yes, my mother died from cancer when I was just finishing med school and
“Jonathan’s drug use has proceeded from occasional cocaine to a rather regular consumption of heroin. It suits with the amount of money he needed… and
The cab takes them to John’s house in the suburbs. John carries Matilda into the house while Sherlock pays the cabbie and gets the bag.
“No, not really. Just walking. Thought we could have a stroll along the main street of the town. Enjoying the night.”
mischievous look, and a big grin. John bites his lips, smiling with pride;
And with that, with this talk and with Sherlock’s promise to wait for him as long as it takes him to figure things out, something inside John shifts. Just
“Step forward with your left foot, right foot sideways to the right, left
“And you? Back then, I mean?”
hands are trembling slightly as he spreads lube on his cock, and John can
gagging.
down Sherlock’s throat with a stifled cry. When the movement of Sherlock’s
And so he went, once again, to pack his things. Two bags, this time. He took his time. When he had just said good bye to Mary for the last time and was
still raining. John watches Sherlock brush his wet hair from his face.
Sherlock squeezes his eyes shut for a moment before he opens them.
had been overwriting everything else on his mind.
them, the ones next to their tent, and the one next to his bench. How
Harry is driving. John stares blankly at the monotony of the motorway. He
expensive to keep. At first, Harry and I didn’t mind that we couldn’t sell
he shifts his gaze to John, crooking an apologetic, doubting smile.
sucking him off.
insects pinned in glass showcases.
John nods, and Harry sits down again, vanishing behind her large seat. He
John walks towards him, the silvery sand cool under his feet. It’s chilly.
morning. Harry and Gemma’s tent is zipped closed, and the box with the
wet street, puddles hissing. It’s the first rainy day since the day he got
tired, but the idea of falling asleep with the taste of cigarettes in his
They go to the beach again the next day. Just as the day before, it is deserted, they are the only ones around. And without having spoken about it,
I need to thank some people without whom I wouldn't have been able to write it the way I did:
Gasping for air, they tread water until they’ve caught their breath. It’s
sort out everything else in the morning, right?”
kitchen, silently closes the door and has a glass of water from the tap.
across John’s nape. He’s holding him.
It was so much fun to write this. Now I need to watch ALL the films again.
with Sherlock as the waves brush against their lips and the sun catches in
familiar to John that this could be
The events subsumed as
don’t know,
London, when he came back as a broken man in so many ways. When he was lost
Sherlock raises his hand and brushes two fingers across John’s left
to, desperately, for too long. Finally his dad sighs, then says, “Best of
“Thanks for the nice evening, Sherlock.“
long forgotten –
week here, is the vastness of the sky. In comparison to the huge,
Before John can reply, she goes on, „But he isn’t as annoyed and bored as he usually is. Actually, domestic life seems to serve him rather well.“
glistening aquamarine in the sunlight. He thinks of all the times he’s been
“What about them?”
One of the men addresses Ryś once more.
tired to think. Then he puts on his trainers and runs in the cool October
like his own stale taste. But nonetheless he kisses Sherlock, with closed
He moves, aligning his breath with the motion of his body. He lets his cock go deep inside Sherlock with every thrust of his hips, and almost slide out
school. After I had learned how to read, I read
body and yet he witnesses it all from the corner of his eye. He’s never
smeared to her cheeks and hands. “What do you think, Matilda? Would you
would make his heart pound and his stomach clench, he didn’t know the taste
“Oh.” John raises his eyebrows. “But you said that he suspects—?”
And without waiting for a reply, he ends the call. He sits on his chair and
Sherlock starts to roll his hips, licking and biting his lips, exhaling
“I feel like they’d been shouting at each other in the kitchen half the
“I might not want to risk being shot in some dark alley and leave an orphaned child behind.”
“Good morning, Sherlock.”
heart as much as his own. As much as pain and grief had threatened to crush
pulls it out, quickly, still not quite believing it. The CD is still
are already taken, but Sherlock spots
They stand close together, hands still in position before slowly sinking
curious.
Sherlock and John to have a thorough look at his work place and Sherlock
really grateful. Thank you. For… you know. Getting Sherlock out of there
of psychological stuff that must be utter crap for a child. It must have
only thing that still works while the rest of his body shuts off. Suddenly
But school is only one of John’s problems. He should fucking figure out how
thoughtfully. He looks at Sherlock for a while and suddenly seems to
They both jump at the low noise at the front door. It’s the sound of a key
Sherlock looks different now than John remembers him from that first day.
behind their backs. Then he glances at the faces of their friends. They’re
tilting his head, and teasing him right back.
is… good.”
John tries to be silent, but fuck, it’s hard. It’s so hard that he goes
to do now.
associated with sparkling eyes, a cheerful laughter or witty retorts. Or
running out of it. So when Matilda cries that night, he has to leave again at eleven to go
Sherlock, always quicker to react than John, had squeezed his almost shut.
undressed as fast as possible — which is, to make it all a little more
bananas? You are absolutely right, they
John is relieved to see he’s taking up his guitar again and places his
like a lifetime ago, not like two and a half weeks.
can’t believe how soft it feels. Sherlock’s fucking silky curls are
all, Sherlock’s strength, his fucking presence, and all the things Sherlock
him from the danger he yearned for. But he had been unaware of her own
well-known and intimate to John that he aches.
street, and hurries to follow them, pulling Sherlock along.
His mum smiles at him with tightly-pressed lips, the kind of smile that
lips and looking out towards the glistening line of the horizon.
“Mr Holmes has informed me. You can sit here, sir,” Reid says, showing John
use that small Italian espresso machine to make coffee and even heated some milk. So when Mrs Hudson comes back and brings a very happy and well-rested
words of the film are shockingly poetic and sad and it takes all of John's
After a ten minute walk they arrive at a restaurant. It is small and they find a table nearby one of the windows. It smells delicious and John spots a
“You don’t know what goes around what?” John whispers, and turns his head.
tended to scare people as much as it fascinated them. He disliked most other people
car is suffocating him. When he sinks back into his seat, his back is
mouth and back again. John reads his mind, it seems, and opens his mouth,
determined to laugh about it, to ridicule it. He still remembered every
touch. Sherlock feels so warm, so alive. So fucking real. It’s hard to
“Is that okay, John?” She sits down on the edge of his bed and takes his
inhales another lungful of cigarette smoke. “And the end of the year he was
forces himself to breathe calmly as he lies down on his back beside
“Hello, Matilda! Oh, you’re so lovely! And so big! Oh, just look at these blonde curls,” she exclaims, and then she sees her son covered in baby vomit.
to doubt it. It was tearing me apart. I couldn’t eat or sleep. I couldn’t
imprint on his skin.
denser towards his groin. He bends down, about to take his hard cock into
going on, and he admires her ability to stay calm.
Once John has crawled into the tent, he tries to be practical, just to
their respective places.
John is searching for clues in Sherlock’s body language, for anything that
Sherlock puts down the newspaper, turns to the other side and closes his
“Faster,” Sherlock breathes, “just a bit faster.”
shifts, talking to the doctors, deciding on which further tests should be run. For a few weeks, no one found a reason why the little girl was so weak. Mary
rapture. It’s the fucking essence of satisfaction, of sweaty, messy carnal
Sherlock’s eyes narrow at this.
- and Sherlock whispers, “Beyond… comparison.”
“Cigarette?” Sherlock asks a few minutes later, after they’ve been sitting
to hide his smile. When his eyes meet Sherlock’s again, they are full of
panic. He has to tell John. He has to speak. Better to speak.
John’s, takes it, and places it on his balls. John starts to caress them;
quicker. Sometimes.
cloudy, but dry and mild.
older John seems to be smiling, asking,
reminded of his own inner turmoil.
Sherlock doesn’t say anything further. He knows John talks at his own pace,
lower management, she learned about personnel planning, accounting and
“That’s fine. I’m not going anyway.”
It’s Sherlock, and he’s waiting for John.
unsettling now.
dance of sunrays on the waves, the way they shatter into a myriad of
“No, thanks.” He frowns. While the banana was great, his stomach still
“That’s perfect, yes,” his mum says with a truly relieved smile. The agent
a rhythm that works for both of them. The little noises Sherlock makes,
or us. But he could have done a fuck of a lot better.”
against the white skin usually hidden by the trunks. He pictures him and
heads much above the water, gasping for air. Sherlock grins; he seems
Hailing a cab out here is a hopeless endeavour and the night is warm and
John, but his hands start to wander across John’s shoulders and back almost
point. He strokes John’s chest and kisses places whose beauty only he can
He tries to make eye-contact, but can’t read Sherlock’s expression. It has
out of the empty shop next to the restaurant. He grins at the two of them,
Sherlock cocks an eyebrow.
left hospital that early.
to John, lean in and press his lips to John’s, lick against John’s bottom
he thinks, and then he realizes with a jolt that he just said
distance instead of meeting John’s gaze, the way his lips don’t smile and
February, 2016. So she’s… 21 months.
“Can’t you deduce it then?”
were huge and black. His body felt fucking hot, like he’s got a fever. He
remains charged, lacking the innocence and defencelessness of slumber.
t-shirt. His cheeks and lips are slightly reddened.
He scans through the DVD collection of Bond movies, smiling. The last present is just an envelope. Opening it, he finds two tickets for a rugby match.
Sherlock sitting next to him, threading his fingers between his, as if
wonders how warm water and soap can feel so amazing after he’s basically
fraction and squares his shoulders. He lets go of the zip, but finds a
way? Did John ever stand a chance against what the army meant to James? It
Their kisses have lost their tentativeness, they turn bold and genuine. John has never been so aroused just by kissing. And he won’t get enough of it. He
impossible to decipher. It’s impossible to figure out what they mean for
“Come, Mycroft, be useful, hold Matilda for a second while I have a look at that musical box.“
is nothing out of the ordinary. But of course he wouldn't show any of the
because he hasn’t said a word throughout the last hour, he just listened to
John leans down to kiss him briefly, just messily smearing his lips against
sand with folded legs, and at some point, Sherlock lies down next to him,
say — he’ll stand by Sherlock. He just got him back, he won’t let anyone
back to school. He can’t picture himself buying cigarettes there, smoking
desire and the need for each other, the need to feel each other, that’s
“What happened?”
his toast. Even if he doesn’t like it.”
they both come back to the flat and she smiles at Matilda.
“Told you you’re an idiot,” Sherlock whispers back, a low, hushed rumble.
and on his lips. As John straightens, the weight of the day slipping slowly
following them.
John saw earlier is almost gone.
“Except that you got the rhythm wrong, started with the wrong foot three
realized I didn’t care that he was gay.”
been prepared beforehand, Sherlock, Mycroft and Greg stay at the
John’s lips as they kiss, as if needing John’s mouth and his spit, the
tiles and breathes out, long and slow. He closes his eyes as John runs his
John had felt Sherlock smile, there had been a hint of movement under his
it. He wants more photographs of her, of the three of them, to put them on
John doesn’t say another word for a while. He thinks back to how he’d
He feels a hand on his arm, and turns.
touch of his hand to the base of Sherlock’s cock, his balls, just how he
John huffs an angry breath through his nose before he goes on.
closes her book, gets up from the sofa and hurries into the kitchen. A
John’s. John doesn’t know where to look — well, he should be looking at
“Oh Sherlock, come on. Stop it.”
holds. He knows its troubled, windswept waves during a storm, and he’s
is what John thought sex would be like.
“Sherlock. Mary has been taken care of,“ he states. “As we discussed it. And she is recovering from giving birth quickly.“
can’t stop smiling as he crawls back into his tent to grab his bag of
colour indicates that it has recently fed on large amounts of
They stay there, just like that, until their clothes are soaking wet. John
Holmes brothers’ minds. He feels fucking trapped in this perfect little
doesn’t meet what
Sherlock’s eyes are clear and deep, reminding John of his second day here,
manner. And Sherlock lies in John’s bed, fully dressed, asleep and curled on his side, facing Matilda. John sighs and goes downstairs to the bathroom,
teenager. It had consumed way too much of his energy and yet driven him to
cocoon they’ve created.
didn’t mean to hurt you, either,” John says eventually, internally battling
shoes, listening to the low murmur of the telly in the sitting room.
John takes Matilda and Bee, now Matilda’s constant companion, downstairs. Mrs Hudson is indeed delighted about his request.
John rubs his hand over his face.
believes in him. Who believes that he can do this.
falling on the tent.
“Okay,” John whispers in between kisses. “Okay.”
“You’re not responsible.”
“Oh. Did you?”
the moment, as one of our agents found out.”
buzzing with festive excitement, with the foreshadowing of one of the most
Sherlock’s skin has taken on a light bronze tan, making the green of his
Now they have the chance to do this, not on the platform of the train
really looks good on her, John thinks.
“Sherlock, will you—”
is still looking at him. John just saw something in his eyes, as if he had
beautiful yet shy woman from forensics, as far I as I can tell.”
. The cab
the dove grey clouds hanging low in the sky and the jade sea around them,
Sherlock lick molten butter from his fingers. They have a coffee to fight
London isn't the place to deal with arms. Too dirty, too much fuss, too
are needed most. You’d not only be an excellent doctor, but also an
Sherlock he isn’t immediately sharing with John. He is getting close to
his cock. John
other thought.
beautifully. His last laugh turns into a voiceless sob.
her.”
John realises that Harry’s words are almost the same that he’d said to
“You will adapt. You’re strong.”
scorched earth, skin singed, black with soot, lungs full of toxic smoke. He
table. A half-eaten toast, a cup of tea. Matilda’s toys on the living room
pyjama bottoms and a fresh t-shirt is slumped over his shoulder. John looks at him, licking his lips.
his mouth and takes a breath, as if about to say something, but he doesn’t.
They walk for half an hour or so. She wants to know how Matilda is doing and she is delighted to hear that she has started turning and tiny little bit of
leave red imprints on the palms of his hands.
Sherlock’s cupid bow with the pad of his index finger. Sherlock shrugs.
it again in a moment. No one has ever seen him or touched him like this.
like this.
there are more lines on his face, too. That furrow between his brows has
training session. He’s as sad as he was before sending the letters, and it
“and don’t panic.”
“I don’t know. The fucking amazing birthday, maybe,“ John growls, bending over to Sherlock and kissing him, hard.
how calm that DI had stayed. A shame Sherlock couldn’t be bothered to
“We’re alive, Sherlock, we’re
John’s hand. It’s cold, but it curls around Sherlock’s immediately. He
September morning. It’s the end of summer, and John can feel autumn lurking
wipes the water from his face. He can’t help but laugh. What Sherlock’s
beer they’ve brought. Someone next to him is smoking weed. Gemma and two
“Well, shit, I — I’ve taken extasy,” he admits after a moment, and he
“Why don’t you come and see us during the holidays? We could have dinner together one night.”
John walks into the kitchen and closes the door behind him. His mum is
looks a bit red and, well, crumpled. Her nose reminds him of John’s. A lot, actually. She blinks slowly.
Sherlock? God, what is this, all of this?
Sherlock. Want to know what's going on, but I’m not into all that strategic
John would come back and carry on where they had stopped before. He had put on a t-shirt and pyjama bottoms and went upstairs, not willing to spend the
be well-kept, but it’s old enough to be gradually… decaying. I take it that
during dinner.
about. Sherlock was just his baby brother, alone and trying to survive
“You might give him the most annoying time of his life. Or you might seduce
had one of his men go there undercover, dressed as a UPS deliverer. The
bedtime routine. And John really doesn’t mind not having to deal with a
bottle down gracelessly, thumping it into the sand, and somehow he manages
must be a fascinating place. Unfortunately, it isn't easy to get in. As far as I understand, it's only open to police officers. And you need an appointment.
But then the girls come back, and with them their noise, talking and making
He glances up quickly, just in time to see something flicker across his
had saved him. He had loved Redbeard.
the bottle of water from the bag in the back seat and drank, suddenly thirsty and aware of how dry his mouth felt from all his sleeping.
“I’ll send a car.”
Light shines through the windows of the Italian takeaway on the other side.
- or that he was forced to, more or less. He was invalided, like John,
When John opens his eyes again, Sherlock is smiling at him.
There’s pa. Say hello,” she is definitely excited – and silent. She grins
fact that he is actually in disguise, that the man who accompanies him is
for a moment and then let him breach the water, gasping for air, hungry for
hears the words in his mind. They feel alien, like a language that’s
John thinks.
assignment. He’ll want to help where doctors are needed most. It’s the
They quietly get their toothbrushes and towels from the tent. John is
tomorrow night. Your friend as well, of course.”
his green eyes. John was just about the step back and murmur something in apology, when Rob suddenly bent down and pressed a kiss on his lips.
sleep. Meet you back here at…” - Mycroft had glanced at his watch - “4:30.
They are walking up a little alleyway leading up to what must be town centre, between old brick and tudor style house.
“I don’t know.”
Matilda giggles. And then she says it, sparkling with laughter,
“So. With all your… deducing, what do you want to do after you finish
Tight,
voice, and he knows he’s rambling, but he enjoys it, telling Sherlock this.
Hudson started talking about how she used to make weed cookies back in
take him apart, bit by bit, touch by touch. Maybe this just isn’t the time,
“Johnny? Are you awake?” Harry whispers. Then, surprised, “What are you
One day, after a match against Oakham, John was called to his trainer. He wanted to discuss a few things about the match right away. The others were in the
“It didn’t quite look like fun to me. What did you take?”
year of school over with, and that then, he wants to be with him. Fucking
and books stocked on the floor, a human skull on the mantelpiece, large
hears them zip their tent closed that he lifts his head, listening to the
He hasn’t nearly composed himself when they’re standing in front of the
her routine. And the fact that John feels rather helpless without Sherlock
drinks in a number of small sips until it’s all gone.
still, sometimes, in between, John has the impression he can’t feel
Harry got up.
your clothes.”
Fell off from… what did you say, Dr Watson?”
words and sees how things are going. He has got Mycroft’s reports, so he
colour. It felt like a visitor from abroad still wearing sunglasses and the
“What the hell, Sherlock, this is not your fucking decision to make! I know
loving, agonizing kiss against the patch of skin just in front of that
I’ll take Eddie to hospital in Arcachon. I know the
more buttons, and he kisses his nipples. He licks them briefly, just a hint
in, brushing a quick kiss against Sherlock’s lips. When he draws back,
smile as Sherlock exhales once more, and then he climbs inside.
“Hey, you get some sleep, too, yeah, Johnny?” Harry looks at him. “You’ll
“You’ve had the journalist and the doctor
Sherlock’s cock is pressed against the pillow by the weight of both their
rarely, helped him still his mind and fall asleep quickly. But usually the
Alpha, lead by Commander Okonjo. Team Alpha will rescue the hostages. Team
of what he is feeling — is starting to defy all the control he has so
flares up immediately, searing his throat and ears so badly John has to
around John's back if he is lying on his other side. Sometimes, when
There’s a dense blanket of clouds now hanging low in the sky, and there are
to hear it, to feel the words on his tongue.
The path up the slope feels long tonight. Eventually the laughter dies
He ate very little and only because Sherlock insisted.
John exhales. The awkwardness and tension that have charged the kitchen
hurts.
wants to keep him close. Keep him safe. It must be hell for Sherlock. He
“Sherlock, would it be ok if you turned around?“
lying on his belly in front of their tent, still just wearing his shorts.
accidental.
still wet, a curly mess that he has quickly rubbed dry with his towel. The
corner of John’s mouth. He’s gentle as he touches him, as if John was
arms.
loyal. Resourceful. Brave. He cares. People underestimate him constantly.
front of others and, most of all, in front of himself. And he possibly hurt
entirely despise?
something to eat, having a shower maybe, going swimming, anything. He needs
, whatever it is going to
With their lead gone cold and, Sherlock has to admit, Elio gone, there’s
stuff that’s on the safe side.”
“I’ve made coffee. Have some. And if you won’t eat anything, just don’t
their way back.
“Christ, Matilda, stop that.” Her mouth and her small fists are full of sand. Sherlock abandons his sand castle model of London and hands John a bottle of
its rays through a persistent layer of clouds. The noise from the other
arms around Sherlock, and he can feel that Sherlock tries to sit straight,
he did the last time John had seen him.
knowing that he got off not even two minutes before. He is not ready to
eyes, blue and glistening with tears. She listened for a long moment and
comes from and he is a bit startled by it – gay?
“Serbia was the last group. I got caught. I had gotten caught earlier, I had been in prison and I hadn’t been treated all too well either. But Serbia was
They have to get back up to the camping site,
pictures from his nightmare are fading and he doesn’t try to keep hold of
the first time in months, in years, he feels like he isn’t holding his
Sherlock is about to end the call when John interrupts.
did it on purpose or subconsciously, a foolish and clumsy attempt to
“You're idiots, both of you. So you've got everything sorted out?“
slowly tears himself away, aware that he is staring.
loves the way he looks like right now. So familiar. So shockingly unknown.
“I’ve had dinner. I was invited,” Sherlock answers, sounding oddly formal.
by anyone. So let down. As if he’d done something wrong
“No, we’re not coming with Mycroft. We’ll take the train and none of his helicopters. Yes. Yes.” John hears Sherlock sigh.
“Hey. Anything wrong with your back?”
his body. And in the bright light of the day, he is very fed up with taking things slowly.
this place. It isn’t as cool as it was yesterday, the air warmer on his
hundred feet above them.
then Sherlock knelt down between John’s legs and sucked him; slowly, a
of the sun warming his cool, wet skin. The water dries on his forearms and
the buttons of John’s shirt, opened the buckles of their belts and let
inexplicable colour. They’re as fascinating as the sea beneath them, and
With all the patience he can muster he undoes the remaining buttons and his
watched his cock slide into the fruit.
beautiful, breathtaking thing to see. John watches him unravel and get
And so he just says, “Mum worked even more. And Harry started to drink a
leave, getting on their way down the hill, to the beach, and then up the
It actually suits him, it’s less stylish, but nice and relaxed.
Sherlock isn’t here, is he. He’s gone. John swallows past the lump in his
her to say something. Harry’s laughing, John thinks he can almost hear it.
starts reading while he eats his sandwich
close to each other they can feel each other’s breath on their skin and
“Yes, that would be lovely, John. Thanks.”
Sherlock.
“Is that — are those—” he starts, then falls silent.
feeling of John’s stubble against his nipples. Whereas John discovers that Sherlock’s lips around his cock reduce him to begging gibberish.
much of a difference.
the empty spot where Eddie and James’s tent was, and then turns and looks
The chilly air outside the house feels clean and fresh against his skin,
“Yes.“ John rubs a hand over his face. „Damn right.“ After all those years, being read like this still feels exposing and amazing at the same time.
John swallows, remembering that he’s probably the reason Sherlock resorted
wet and slick now, he hasn’t even understood how close he is until he’s
is caressing the shaft of Sherlock’s cock. He lowers his head and presses a
Sherlock’s voice is about to break. It doesn’t. It takes so much to break
he wants to scream. He’s furious. And suddenly he feels like such a fool
grateful that someone is offering him some kind of explanation, after all
“You and Sherlock,” James adds after a beat of silence, “you’re very
helplessly, how ineptly.
will stand between them. John doesn’t have any idea how to deal with it,
Whenever John couldn’t escape thinking of James, he had been wondering why
are opening up right now.
John blushes and splashes some water at him. Sherlock laughs as the water
movements are strong and growing stronger with bottled-up emotion. They
easy when it’s expected of you. Even if it’s your own expectation. They’re
idea where Harry is?” he asks a moment later, scanning the shore for his
here, in his bedroom. How John would stroke Sherlock’s cock with his small,
the ambush as well. He gave him something to calm him down and took a note
his mouth again, feels the giddy easiness of getting drunk. And yet the
somewhere posh, maybe Kensington. I went to Soho. The City. I sat on a
The licking turns into another kiss, hungry and on the brink of something
Sherlock is unarmed, too. John can't see him anymore, can't even hear his steps. With a loud noise, the lights turn off. It is pitch black. John walks on
eyes, mouth open. John can feel the man’s gaze drop from his face to his
Hudson questioningly. She grinned, she heard it, too. There was a tiny lisp. Not easy to hear and not every time there was an ‘s’. Once John had noticed
somebody offered another bottle, still more than half filled, and somehow
They end up having dinner much later than usual, after it’s already getting
towards him, slowly, deliberately. John straightens his back and lifts his
it’s delicious. He slowly strokes his thumb across Sherlock’s frenulum,
night they came back from France, everything they tell their mum now is
own pants and tugging them down, revealing his own hard cock.
“Fuck,
someone else, blond hair streaked with silver as he bowed his head to
more sobs.
different kinds of memories. You could store your memories, neatly ordered
John woke up, all of a sudden immensely startled. Within the blink of an eye he was wide awake. His heart hammered in his chest the way it had last night.
his breath, still straddling him. John brushes a kiss against his neck,
back and allows a little space between them. He lets his fingertips glide
“Oh come
For the second time this night John just watches Sherlock and Matilda.
raising his hand in a gesture that could be both reaching out for John to
driving to work early. They are riding at an impossible speed, trying to
“I — yeah,” John murmurs. As he begins to understand what his mum just said
small step back, allowing Sherlock in first. John’s heart beats fiercely in
he finally would get closer to Sherlock. When he had watched him get
hands explore the tender skin on Sherlock’s sides. He runs them down from
you’re free to do whatever you want.”
John sinks into his seat next to Sherlock. It’s soft, enveloping him, his
At the end of this chapter, the worst bit of heartbreak will be over. For those of you who skipped the last chapters (or only read with your fingers across your eyes) -- I guess it's safe to go on reading now.
John sighs once more with relief.
John shrugs his shoulders and surrenders.
, I’d say he bloody loves you. Even more so than people usually love each other, it seems…
Sherlock groans into John’s mouth and moves his hand faster. When they
astonishingly loud. After a moment, he clears his throat and he says in a low voice, “Maybe we’ll just go now… with a bit of luck, Matilda falls asleep on
a whisper of disapproval from those who don’t know them that well, talking
Hello, Mr Holmes? This is Linda Watson. I’m John’s mother.
They kiss as soon as they’re out of sight, just a few moments later, far
, I know. And I wanted it so badly. God,
saying their name. Sherlock looks at John for another beat, then drops his
likes its shape, the colour of the skin. He spots fine purple blood
Later they have dinner with Harry and Gemma, sitting between their tents,
“What?” John breathes.
an avalanche.
the insults about being a pouf and taking it up the arse. The way some
Their mum comes home even later than planned, the sky outside already
“Mr Holmes? Listen, it’s urgent… I overheard a meeting today, between Sokół and Ryś. I’ve… got three places, all in the City: Paternoster Square, Liverpool Street and 122 Leadenhall Street. And I’ve got a date: 22 December, that’s friday this week. I can also confirm that weapons have been delivered from SiedlceStal. I have seen the arsenal today. Full report later, sir,” Novak whispers against the microphone hidden near his collar.
“Come on!” This is starting to be fun.
the ants, and because they make him happy.
“Oh.” John smiles. “Okay. I’ll just go and get a dry shirt, right? Mine’s
cloth. After an eternity of snogging, Rob broke the kiss, slightly out of breath.
waist, the shape of his navel, the pattern of moles and freckles on his
One of them is the real room, upstairs in 221B, made of brick and wood,
, he realizes. He wants this so badly.
He breathes Sherlock in, every molecule of him, as they lie there, holding
hole of emotions that threatens to swallow him.
“Accident? What’s happened?” John asks, hastily grabbing his shorts. In a
The cotton straining over the head is wet, and touching the tell-tale warm,
“Arsehole,” John says, takes the bottle of wine and drinks. He licks his
“Ouch,” he says, but keeps reading, and, after the third pinch, “What is
John’s name — and John still hadn’t taken a step closer.
his thought processes and helping him think. He looks at Sherlock, only to
“Nothing. I just like the idea.”
John briefly wonders since when Sherlock cared about dinner, but he waves Mrs Hudson good-bye and follows him nonetheless. Matilda sits on John’s lap when
when they have to hurry to catch their train to Calais. They’ll board the
chocolate off the wooden
“I do hope so.” There is a noise in the background. “Mycroft is back. I’ll
moment, then hesitantly lifts the sleeping bag and crawls closer inside. He
and how Mycroft once broke his arm just around this corner when they had snow one Christmas holiday.
Bill is his best friend from school. John hasn’t even thought of him for
Sherlock crunches his nose. “The nose ring. Still wearing the bracelet she
When they have almost finished breakfast, Matilda lies on her blanket, playing with tea spoons, Bee and the flower she got from Harry, Sherlock looks at
“I–“ John clears his throat. “Yes. I do.” He gets up and straightens his
her as much as you do.”
John can’t speak. He can’t say a fucking thing. He can’t even move. His
And John looks up slowly because he hopes that he’ll find Sherlock looking
buildings below and telling him about cases they have been on.
“Let’s go back to bed.”
an erection of his own that is desperate for the touch of a hand, for
he have? He somehow has to make it work,
leaves his wet shoes on as he walks into the living room. Leaning against a
the train, he can’t keep his eyes open any longer. Sherlock must be tired,
the lid. When Sherlock’s fingers had travelled over the silvery ring
smell of her which was the last thing he registered before he fell asleep,
now to recover,” Mycroft states.
“Sherlock, have you done this before?”
John just sits there, arms around his legs, trying to take up as little
looking slightly surprised at John’s reaction.
rubs a hand over his face. “God. I hate myself. I’m supposed to protect
“Ok.”
his not being part of anything, being above it all, all of it slowly slips
street, quite a bit faster than cars usually go on the campsite. The car
polaroids. Somehow, the hours pass and at five to twelve, they hear
“Hey, you alright?” John asks into the night, his words almost swallowed by
Are you okay? What happened?” The words spill out of John, not caring that
“Oh, he
fingers through his hair. “We lost a man today. Two actually. Novak. We had
him drag, and watches the light grey smoke of his exhale vanish in the
look like shit.”
on the floor again. This whole new game goes on unattended by John. His stomach is busy making somersaults in excitement and his mind is too occupied by
he tries to disentangle the earphones from his discman, but it’s getting
John grins at his reflection in the mirror.
John sighs and watches Gemma slice a fresh baguette. She puts their four
to her. John stands right beside Sherlock, suddenly craving a cigarette.
“Bye, Mr Holmes.” Ryan had said and hung up without waiting for Mycroft’s
downstairs to watch some crap on telly in the living room. He closes the
John squeezes his eyes shut, now, but he tries to face it. Harry does drink
unable to tear herself away from them. He wants to see the posters she will
they’re a million miles away. He looks at the curtain billowing in front of
“I might not be able to join you on cases.”
robbery. The culprit had a rare form of diabetes which required special medication. John was able to track the providers down even quicker than Sherlock
do with his life. He couldn’t decide or focus on anything. He was equally bored and scared by the perspective of everything resembling a daily routine, a
out at the sea. It had been the best.
thing to be the centre of Sherlock Holmes's attention. He swallows and goes on.
campfire, of sun cream and cigarettes and a bit of the wine he must have
single words uttered every once in a while. They lounge under the pines,
summer night. And John was completely lost at the sight of him. Maybe it
evaded him, murmuring something about needing time. Eventually, Victor
for our livelihood.”
memories feel surreal, out of place on this bright, sunny morning. He takes
the train and Sherlock can hold him in his arms at last.
He takes a pull on his cigarette before he continues, “When Moriarty killed
“Fuck, I miss you so badly, Sherlock. I miss having you around me and I’m
“Come back to bed.”
unsure of what to do. Finally he reaches out one hand to touch his hair.
the darkness. Brightly lit buildings like lighthouses in a sea of asphalt,
though, to intensify all other colours — just for a few minutes, before the
abandons the sagged, depressed posture John had drifted into before.
The wine is cool and tastes light and fresh, just perfect for this warm sunny day.
about?”
this, his body too heavy and his lungs too small. Now the lightness is
her. With myself for falling into her trap. But it’s over and I take it she has been dealt with. So – I try to let go.”
spitting it out.
reason to carry on, maybe? I don’t know. I always wondered what the hell
tells him to stay at home for the rest of the week. Back home, John goes
He sighs. It is difficult to let them go. Although this whole small trip
Then a thought strikes him, and the fact that he is only thinking about
quicker pace, in sync with Sherlock’s movement. Sherlock’s pubic bone is
“Can we just go for a walk, John?” Sherlock asks, bringing his gaze back to
The stranger blinks at the white foam on his beer, once, twice, three
“Yeah, we want to. Haven’t told mum yet.” Her mouth tenses slightly, and
default state of mind these days.
John watches Sherlock rip open the condom packet and slip it on. Sherlock’s
Sherlock seemed to enjoy it. John and Harry even talked. Their parents had
spots Gemma shooting Sherlock a brief look that says
Gallery, he would see the colourful Christmas lights on Regent’s Street and
Sherlock’s wet curls. Sherlock looks up for a moment, smiling at him
somehow both shy and full of want at the same time.
He doesn't sleep well and wakes several times that night. With the
He has gone through this far too often.
grasp before.
alive. Like living, breathing creatures, spinning their own lives and
you’re angry.” Sherlock casts him a sideways glance. When John huffs a
They hold each other for a long time in that awkward position, Harry
This feels so very much like a first time — waking up with a lover. John is
heart-shattering shudders, and he
“John,” Sherlock replies slowly, as if tasting his name on his tongue. As
He had cried on the train ride back to Cambridge, staring out of the window
“Oh shut up.”
John dips his head for a deep, long kiss.
splitting up would be better. Making a clear cut. I knew I wouldn’t… make
mission. He was trained for it. It was his job, Sherlock.”
“Loch Lomond. I think. And we will drive for almost another two hours. We’re going to the west coast, a tiny place on the mainland opposite the islands of
of his body dissolving.
He walks to a group of chatting elderly people, puts his hand at John’s shoulder and says, “This is Dr John Watson, Sherlock’s boyfriend. Please don’t scare him away, right? John, these are Ruth, Sibyl, Henry, Violet, ...” Sherlock’s father adds a few more names. John looks into a lot of smiling faces and shakes a number of hands. The women introduced as Ruth and Sibyl stick out a bit. Ruth is small and radiates so much kindness and something like... wisdom, it’s almost tangible in her presence. Sibyl is a bit taller and her eyes sparkle with thoughtfulness.
John ends the call, probably on his way to Matilda’s bedroom already.
watches her the same way, careful and alert, and when he talks he’s polite,
“But you and your brother are most determined to stop me. You always are.
destroyed and gone, and they’ll both end up in pain. Pull yourself
“I will. Bye, John.”
and he hates it.
across Sherlock’s knuckles, and Sherlock presses his hand cautiously in
But Harry’s been drinking less since she started going out with Gemma, he
like this. John and Sherlock find a calm spot at the rear of the ferry,
He sighs. He‘s not whispering anymore, he stopped a few minutes back.
“Another espresso?“
eyes remind John of the sea on a windy, cloudy day, grey-green turning
strangely content manner and full of faith in Harry and him.
and John is relieved about that. He’s bloody surprised, too, although he
“How is his condition?”
he has in his mind, correcting it, adding new information.
by the sun and the seawater, it hasn’t been this light since he was little.
almost touching. John follows and, clumsy with nervousness, shifts. Without
“No problem, John. We’ll be quiet.“
The black car comes to a halt in front of Mycroft’s house.
He’d never really known that men could be this beautiful.
the soft stubble.
impatience.
“I’ll stay with him a little longer, just to be on the safe side,” Harry
almost empty bottle, lifting it up high to catch the last drops.
happen, he’s not alone. Harry’s here with him. He stays there for a while,
“It feels like the first time you have sex as a teenager… in your parents’ house, when no one is home.”
talking. She turned everything she started into a mess. And yet, they only had each other, their parents dropped more and more out of both their lives. And
He needs to take a few deep breaths. He looks out at the ocean again. It’s
“Extasy. It was one small, purple pill of extasy. Happy now?”
It comes
After a moment, another soldier’s voice creaks over the radio. “Delta here.
John’s chest, his breath brushing hot and fast across John’s skin,
exit wound, shattered bones and muscle, torn blood vessels and destroyed
Ryś’s reply comes with a dirty laugh, as if he was telling some especially
drug use at bay for now.
curious. Weren’t you?”
“I’m here. And I won’t leave again. Ever. I was hurt, Sherlock, yes, but I am fine now. And you did save me, again and again. I am here with you and with
John brushes his hair away from his forehead, water keeps running into his
edge. Maybe there are different versions of his dream existing
After New Year's, he had a pint with Greg who, in the end, saved the day.
“I mean it, John. The girl has to go outside. Get some fresh air, see
He takes John’s cock back into his hand and starts working him, and he
stop it from slipping away and vanishing in the depths of his unconscious
Sherlock frowns.
I wanted to kiss you.”
Harry strokes his wrist, and then threads her fingers between his, holding
it’s warm under the duvet. Sherlock hums into the kiss, and John feels the
inside the bag.”
his laptop, a book or some files on his lap. Or nothing at all on his lap,
Although I am rather glad that you have a different attitude towards
“Well, might have to make an exception for cigarettes from time to time,”
stretches out his hand to him. “Good luck.”
means to you.”
Sherlock is quiet when he comes, except for one low, wondering groan.
camping site’s bar for dinner, he agrees to go to the
balls and perineum. Sherlock’s touches grow more frantic, and he starts to
the middle of his upper lip. He can’t tear his eyes away.
John doesn’t understand. But that’s something that happens with Sherlock;
can claim,
feels wrong here.
his chest, John wonders if he’s outgrown Bill, too. If he’s changed too
James is still standing in front of John, and for a split second, he looks
straight back to bed and spends the remaining hours of the day asleep.
Eddie are still joking with Harry. People around them are getting drunk or
Matilda, he goes back to the reports on his table. He finishes reading the
There’s a fine silver ring in her nose, glittering in the dim light of
John aches at the realisation that he wants to be this close to him,
“That’s actually what I was hoping for, John,” Sherlock breathes in reply.
“Johnny, what’s wrong?”
with joy, and he bites his lips to keep his grin at bay. The most important
ten minutes, she’d get around her reservations and the worries she might
He finds two fresh t-shirts and two pairs of boxers. There’s only one pair
even thought about him for weeks. John knows that in the past Harry has
John asks one of the girls for a cigarette. She smiles, lets her gaze
corner of his eye, John sees Sherlock smile, while he listens to him and
Yard's infamous 'Black Museum' after hours. Including the artefacts the
Don’t wait for us.”
call almost every night. In a break during their late night discussions of
to the side of Sherlock’s neck. John loves this, Sherlock knows, loves to
James’ neck a few minutes later, breaking the kiss.
if it’s drowned in tears.
stuck in his mouth, he can’t find the courage to push them further.
John drags himself to the beach later in the afternoon, borrowing Harry’s
from the section of his mind palace where the memories of John’s clinic are
John swallows hard.
He tries to keep himself from getting mad. Which proves to be the harder
Sherlock had to keep up with. They had played boardgames sitting on the
squeeze to the head. Although it must be blurred by layers of thick denim
with his life.
runner’s high.
counting. With every passing day that the phone remains painfully silent,
have loved to break in after hours. But Mycroft quite rudely told him that
fucking lightly that John arches into his caresses with a long groan. A
The impact of the complex mixture of chemical agents in tobacco smoke on
Sherlock. It’s a great option to study medicine if he can’t afford med
“Six to eight weeks. Sokół’s cell is still small and, compared to what
tries to take in the details of the flat and their life. He hates that he
plastic box and then they walk up the street, their voices and their
cigarette, and the fact that Sherlock’s lips touched the filter just a few
but most of all, he had been hurt in a way he never would have thought
sign that he’s getting worse, you go and call an ambulance all you like.”
John explodes. He takes the teapot and throws it into Sherlock’s equipment. Unfortunately, the makers of that teapot didn’t pay much attention to its ballistic qualities. So apart from the fact that it is quite heavy, it is neither very aerodynamic nor very elegant in its flight. It does land on the petri dishes quite impressively, though, damaging most of them and scattering notes and coins all over the kitchen.
“Sweet tooth, hm?” John asks.
solutions. They are back on solid ground, although something seems to have
not today.
John feigns disinterest and pretends to read.
“Lie down. Or lean against the back rest, at least. It’s more comfortable that way.“
of information, since he can't even shut up to the eager new man Sokół has
fingers go. He feels where the bone ends underneath the hot skin, and where
Sherlock and Greg, tied to their chairs.
“Oh. That was… passionate.”
with him, I guess.”
Shall we get started?“
dark, empty beach.
his stomach. When he isn’t quite ready to accept it just now, the whole
apologetic smile.
Oh fucking hell, this is torture, he thinks, shifting his weight from one
They might be done before noon at best. If they will succeed at all.
accepts it and more often than not the experiments and its remnants make
Gemma, still dancing, although more slowly now, and not touching any more.
Bill’s taller than him, making John’s bedroom feel small, and yet there are
He can’t ignore her as she looks at him though, no
there, tracing their fingertips across each other’s faces, shoulders, hair.
The water feels the same as it did that night, and John is surprised that
“I might not be an expert on—,” Sherlock says hesitantly, “relationships,
I’ve had the right to call your parents or so. I’m sorry. Maybe I should have done.“
of facing the fact that he’s attracted to men, he wonders. Or that he was
John sighs.
John raises his eyebrows, pushes the last plate an inch away from the edge
brilliant mind, Sherlock falls completely silent. When the final credits
“Hey there. Nice you’ve come around. This is a fun place to stay, Matilda. You’ll love it.”
but rocks and sand.
outside the tent is cracking with thunder.
“Well, we’ll get wet anyway, won’t we?” Sherlock gets up, not letting go of
caressing his plush lips when he started sucking his fingertips. Now, John's exhale
His head starts to spin as he pictures the
Sherlock, stroking his arm.
both see them, just a few feet from Sherlock and John. If John had spoken a
is an absolute idiot for not seeing what was happening or not caring about
huge thing to do.
small for a man’s hand, and hers is very strong for a woman’s. Not very
He was glad James was safe after all. He actually sat at one of the tables, talking to Lestrade. He even smiled. Sherlock had been amazing.
“Oh God, Sherlock, that was — fucking intense,” John says, still panting.
rooms and barracks. He has woken up in the bedrooms of the women he dated
fireplace. He puts a hand on the warm skin of Sherlock’s nape and Sherlock
was smoking there probably wouldn’t even be able to see him in the
Bill takes a breath, lets it out again, a white puff of air against the
But then Sherlock takes a deep breath and his expression changes, making
Sherlock sighs. It takes a long while until he finally says, “Overly dramatic, then.”
Mycroft looks up at John. Within a blink of an eye, he understands.
“Mum, Gemma’s my girlfriend.”
the street and he understands, smiling. Elio vanishes through the gate.
Somehow, everything still had been possible. It had been become less and
Hampshire, to your school and to your rugby team, to your
But it’s none of that. It’s more as if something that had been hidden
incredulously.
still panting, a faint sheen of sweat covering his skin.
“Drink?” Sherlock asks without looking up.
her so little, but now she knows that he’s attracted to men, maybe she
“Shut it, Sherlock! Why are you doing this?”
His heart is still pounding violently against his heaving chest when he
feels under his fingertips still takes his breath away.
“Hey, Margaret. Good to see you,” John says, because it is good to see her.
She smiles, and immediately relief starts to loosen the knot in John’s gut.
loses himself in the wave of desire that pulses through his body, pushing
guitar, while John stands there, watching. But then Sherlock puts his hand
hours.
Sherlock wants to see her grow up here. He wants to watch her leaving the
when the evening ended in awkward silence.
think that’s possible?”
is he going to do? How can he make sure that he — that he’ll be with
the heels of his hands, he allows despair to wash over him for a few
trunks were just a moment ago.
“Mmmh. Probably not. How is the running?”
“About yesterday…” John starts, not knowing what he actually wants to say.
He feels him enter his body, and they’re both holding their breath.
A bit later, Mycroft calls to let them know he has informed their parents.
John lies down again and buries his face in the crook of Sherlock’s neck,
“Hello, Margaret,” John says while searching one of their bags for something to clean up the mess with.
the walking on the beach seemed to help, stomping in the sand against the strong wind, fighting its icy force with the whole of his body.
comparing their combined girth to that of his own cock.
he thinks.
him. John places the box with the dishes next to Gemma’s tent and takes off
coastline seem close enough to touch, beautiful and proud as if printed on
down on my substance abuse.”
his room most of the time. But — she saw the pictures.
kiss against his lips.
woken up only minutes ago. John’s headache is violently throbbing against
“Hello, love, hello John. I thought I could make some shortbreads for
live here.”
“And then I think she said, ‘You’d better have a fucking great explanation
time, his heart beats wildly at daring to call Sherlock
The boy is silent.
information about your target, my brother will provide you at any given
John’s full concentration, that he can do from mere muscle memory. Pictures
has told him about the day before. For the next forty minutes he reads old
Behind his closed eyes the fantasy came back. Sherlock, panting and naked, his body faintly glistening with sweat. Now he was so real. He was there. Living
Chemistry on Wednesday proves to be doable, English literature on Thursday
“I look naked.”
“No. It’s just a part of me, it’s — it’s who I am,” Sherlock says, closing
His arousal is slowly pulsing through his body again, the orgasm he didn’t
When he opens his eyes again, they are wet.
shoulder.
looks so weirdly fake that John has to look the other way to hide his grin.
had, on any other day. And no less had he ever seen Sherlock like this,
back. In the four weeks since they moved in, it has become much more of a
“No.”
thrust, and another one, less fervent, but shaky and already tumbling
Mycroft nestles a small package out of the pocket of his coat.
shoulders, in the way she squares them against the weight of her guilt.
read his mind.
embrace—
John swallows as he watches Sherlock stroke his own nipples for a moment;
Donovan cocks an eyebrow.
spending a couple of days in Italy had lifted his mood more than anything
“I’m not going anywhere,” he says simply.
the past days, he is grateful for the simple yet incredible pleasure of
Sherlock stops and turns slowly. The men are just a few feet behind them.
to anyone.
better swim out a bit. He wants to kiss him so badly.
The summary of the film John chooses sounds well enough at a first quick
and his intelligence, he is most likely only trying to be polite. Sherlock
stretch forever, let them never stop.
immediately.
quick enough. Or maybe she never got it right, so he’d ended up shouting at
nonetheless, luring him down to the beach like a siren’s song. Tomorrow
and figure this out. Tomorrow. I promise you, Sherlock.
So many thanks to @isitandwonder for a very creative brainstorming session about what Sherlock and John would do when they finally… well… do it. It’s been a pleasure.
place! Shouldn’t you have the best doctors and nurses right where they are
right, what it is that Sherlock likes.
doing something courageous. It’s intoxicating, kissing Sherlock in public,
was or what day of the week. Mrs Hudson looked after him, but he didn’t notice. The day after Sherlock jumped, he somehow managed to call Sarah at the
pay for a place while he’s at med school and to afford to live, and after
group of other teens around the fire, John doesn't ask for any more
There are four pictures. John huffs a laugh as he sees the first one —
might lack the elegance that comes with a tall build and years of
him for a long time before they finally became
little intimidated, yet curious.
longer than that.
John shrugs and scrambles to find a knife. “Mum, you talked to Sherlock’s
When John gets too close, they turn again, Sherlock lies down and John
her brows that John knows so well. He’s seen it countless times, on all
After a long time they emerge from the sea, already too tired to lift their
quicker than John does, and the earphone is pulled out of John’s ear.
Sherlock’s eyes are still dark, and he nods almost imperceptibly in the
he opens the package on the dining table. A thick folder. All the
hopelessness scream at the top of their lungs. Doubt whispers its gruelling
“So. We both know what might come next,“ Sherlock breaks the silence.
limbs, broad chest, his belly button, worked into a fine oval of skin.
been arrested earlier last night. Mycroft, Greg and other members of the
anything to go there. I can’t think of anything I’d work so hard for.”
army. He stares out of the window until the train stops in Portsmouth, as
rubs a hand across his face.
“Oh. Didn’t expect you back so quickly, Sherlock.”
and pulls the sleeping bag up to his shoulders. John looks at him for a
realized he wanted more of that, too. More kissing, more touching. Sex?
He was so alone.
looking pale and exhausted. The second soldier follows. John looks at this odd group. It is making its ways down the ward to the elevator, taking Mary to a
opportunity while we’re here, right?” John says, without thinking. He
Sherlock puts the pack on the table, and fishes the lighter out of his
he’s fucking overwhelmed. How the fuck could this happen, he wonders,
imagines him pacing up and down Mycroft’s house like a panther, caught in
fingers further, until he reaches his nape. He lightly grazes the back of
grimace of trying not to cry.
He can feel Sherlock’s smile.
makeshift bed. The sleeping bag is warm with the heat of not only his, but
the light coppery tan of his skin is even more intense, and his eyes are
good grades and stuff, to show his dad that he’s worth supporting. In case
John is running too fast in the beginning, he hasn’t been doing any kind of
opposite the carrots. Dips them both into the green pesto, winding
start a proper conversation. Hearing this clumsy attempt at small-talk,
“I — I don’t know, John, but it sounds like extasy,” she says after a
the slope of the dune, their feet sinking into the sand up to the ankle.
“Right. It is. I’ve never been a target… in this way. I’ve been a target
from somebody who must have walked down the street just a moment earlier.
this would never happen again.
John. It’s just a fraction, not even an inch, but it’s enough to make John
unable to believe that this is how it goes: they’re hurt, they fight, they
find out who stole the paintings.”
playlist until he finds the song he remembers from the campfire. With a
success. “And no. John, I don’t want to go on like that. I don’t want to
thrusts into Sherlock’s arse, slick and wet, and pulls out again, almost
glasses.
strong from years of rugby practice. He’s a man.
Quickly he presses his lips together and says, louder, making this count
determination to stay with Sherlock and to become a doctor disappointment
standing.
been cowards. I think we’ve done that far too long.”
side, breathing evenly, his warm naked skin against John’s body. John has
Mycroft and Sherlock are increasingly worried by Novak's reports. Sokół has
He closed his eyes and sat there for another minute, just trying to grasp all of this. Sighing, he grabbed a towel, cleaned himself up a bit and washed his
Without waiting for a reply, she hands him the diving mask. He reaches out
Sherlock is bare, and nothing is veiled or kept secret anymore.
along the hall to his room. The laptop still sits on his chair in the
his breath for a few moments, and he needs to hurry, to breathe again.
like thin air low on oxygen when he’s already pushed himself too far. He’s
were broken in that car accident–“
expected the fierce arousal, the rush of blood in his veins, but not the
her otherwise. Matilda approaches him with mild curiosity, staring at his funny umbrella, his shiny shoes and the buttons on his vest.
without feeling obliged to finish reading this disaster of a crime novel.
downstairs
mistakes wordlessly and forces himself to let John lead.
But then there
and puts his key on the small table across from the bed. He stands there
an hour. Bring coffee.“
crying.
Because he is the way he
He is rather certain Sherlock knows what it feels like to be the only
She has managed to empty all the plastic boxes of the toys they contained.
washed against a white beach, who crawled up the last few yards onto safe
And so – despite all the experiences
“It’s ok, dear.” She pats his arm and hands him a few plates. “Just felt like saying. Let’s go and put these things on the garden table, ok?”
But John can’t quite tell, he doesn’t know James well enough to say for
but the low roar of the waves and the cries of the seagulls chasing across
stale; it makes his shirt is stick to his skin, and the sleeping bag is
They fall silent for a long time. The last of the other guests wave their
John watches Sherlock from so close, the pattern of freckles and moles on
in five weeks or so. There’s no meeting until two, right?” Lestrade says as
bring John here, even though the kiss certainly felt as if he wanted it
protecting him from being pulled out to the endless sea and under its
time. 17 doesn’t seem to describe his age,
“Nothing, really. Just… sitting here.”
“Hey,” John says, smiling.
Sherlock wishes he could see John’s face now, he wishes he had the courage
Sherlock groans, and John does it again. Sherlock grinds his hips against
chance of spending some time on his own. Even if it is just while he goes shopping at Tesco or does the laundry.
already drifting off to sleep when he hears a low moan out in the night.
kitchen wall counts and keeps track of every wasted minute between them.
replies, saying something short and monosyllabic, and then goes back to
He had planned not to mention Sherlock at all. Harry sees right through him sometimes and he is quite sure he doesn’t want to hear her sharp comments on
“Like having sex like this — like fucking you?” John asks in a low voice.
she puts down her fork and meets his eyes. “We were talking about the
John thinks, blowing out a breath.
again, sealing this, too. It takes a few more kisses until they manage to
closed. He takes him in as he comes closer, feeling himself getting hard in
his overly innocent greeting. Sherlock’s cracking up, and his giggle is
He finds a new t-shirt, a pair of boxers and his other pair of shorts. He’d
his back. It’s warm, comforting, and it threatens to tear down the defences
someone and be held by him, how much he wanted someone else to look at him
“Yeah,” John says and doesn’t know what to say at all.
sand. He needs to move, and he yearns to feel the sea again, to taste the
“Yes, at least it isn’t anywhere around here,” John replies. He’s spotted a
loved her anymore, not the liar she had turned out to be, the assassin.
nerve in John’s body on fire, and it’s getting more and more difficult to
choose the agent, Sherlock. Do choose wisely,” Mycroft said a few days ago,
turned on his side, and still asleep. He’s facing John, but his face is
him about his crush on Kurt Cobain. There’s the same helplessness festering
John sits down next to Sherlock.
Sherlock guides him a steep way of steps carved into the cliff down to the beach. Once they arrive at the beach he takes off his shoes and rolls up his trousers.
I’m just so fucking glad you came back. It probably didn’t look like that
if it’s his intent way of observation.
threat to your safety has been neutralized. Nonetheless, the safety
John takes a deep breath. “We, er — could you just make, er, sure that you
- “The air is wonderful outside. There are even birds singing. You hear that, Sherlock? Birds. On Baker Street.“
It takes Sherlock longer than a day, longer than two, three days. It takes
John’s shoulder, making John shiver at the stroke of breath across his
the night, just like you said. They are checking for a—” he stops,
and Harry since their dad had moved out three years ago. In fact, a lot of
of the injection, just as if this was happening to someone else. When he
hair, with hands that exceeds the size of the other’s by a whole phalanx.
“Can I… just tell you? That ok?”
them in here, the whole room seems to shrink around Sherlock’s presence.
coffee he made tastes bitter, more than Gemma’s ever did, and lacking
inability to focus on anything but Sherlock.
hands grazing across his balls and beyond, John’s about to lose it all.
doesn’t want to tell him anything about Sherlock, or about his life,
asphalt and wintery meadows under low clouds. Reid is driving the car. They
I know and you fucking well deserve defending. Most of all by yourself,
Sherlock's hands slide down from his head to his shoulders and back. His fingernails scrape down his skin. He feels Sherlock pulling him closer and rolling
octopuses he’s reading.
John thinks wryly, heart
“Good.“
“Yes, I tried making lasagna, but... Well, it was a disaster and I ended up ordering in from a nice little restaurant in Soho. They’re usually quite good.
leaving white marks there for a beat, before blood flushes back in,
Sherlock smiles at him. When they close the black door of 221b behind them a few minutes later, John puts down the car seat with Matilda still sleeping in
He thinks of Sherlock.
John holds his breath.
They do go out, they put Matilda in her pram and decide to walk to a café a few streets from Marylebone Station Sarah had told John about ages ago. It is
presses his mouth shut for a moment, then draws in a long breath. “He just
quiet. “When I got it I — afterwards I just—” Unsteadily he rakes his free
was nothing from him. Can we just leave it at that, Harry? I can’t fucking
“Reports are nothing in comparison to how you can help us in person. This
actually remembers. He tries to put himself in Sherlock’s place and picture
“Yeah, yeah! You’re right,” John says quickly. “Just — you know, I just
old. So when John hands her the phone with a gentle “Go, sweetheart.
just feels pain and hopelessness, incapable of evading or fighting it. He
Sherlock had whimpered into Victor’s mouth,
get the chance to hit on her.
that this protection and loyalty might even outweigh Mycroft’s devotion to
all his energy has been sucked out of him.
cheeks.
Their eyes meet across the room. Their eye contact makes something inside
Fucking hell. John hadn’t expected this, he didn’t even know that a 69
“Need you so much, I’ve been wanting you so much,” John panted against
on a stretcher and taken to the ambulance.
dune.
He doesn’t open his eyes, although he opens his mouth, allowing Sherlock to
“No.” Sherlock is already trying to focus on the work.
Sherlock interrupts his idle inner ramblings,
had killed in Britain. Who had killed British citizens. He couldn’t let her
minutes a waterfall has been washing through him, having taken all
Everything that felt exciting and beautiful and so fucking promising last
It gives John a sting to his heart to think of how little rest Sherlock
Suddenly he feels weaker than he has all day, already wondering if it was a
They’re as close as they can get while treading water, just a few inches of
beginning to feel awkward, he wonders if it was a good idea to take him out
bought the house when I was little and they were still paying off the loan.
that one sentence to him at the campfire — when he told him about his crush
“Thank you.”
“I do.”
This is the last day, indeed. Every hour, ever moment breathes, sighs,
skin on his fingers is white and crinkled and until he forgets about
school there. In return, you’d sign up for a couple of years. Given your
their lives change again in a year, and Sherlock goes to uni and study
space
He dozes off again.
skimming through an old newspaper.
rushing through his veins and his breath, feeling so cool in his mouth. The
“Hey, Matilda. Everything fine?“
Mycroft, with Redbeard - it had been marvellous. He had told Sherlock about
his looks. Maybe John’s body will understand if Sherlock’s body tells him,
English in that place.” Sherlock can hear the smile in John’s voice. “He’s
(Or maybe he does. John is the only, the ultimate riddle worth solving and
Then he pulls his gaze away and forces himself to go on. “I thought that
Sherlock’s eyes fly open.
lot more since they started having sex) or Sherlock stealing food from his
couldn't stop that fantasy. Sherlock panting, kissing him, his naked body.
quite knowing what to do with this unforeseen freedom.
the way he looks.
Sherlock stops between his tent and Eddie’s and James’s. James is sitting
probably. Maybe they wouldn’t even care. But still he turns and takes a
And John leans in. He is milliseconds away from kissing Sherlock,
“I’m okay,” Sherlock murmurs.
bodies, only to be replaced by a fresh gush of seawater the next moment,
When they can’t find her in her office at the theatre, Sherlock and John hurry to her flat at the Lauderdale Tower. Before they enter the tower, they stop
restless lines, is dancing on his skin.
life. It is something different altogether to know how Sherlock felt and
“Yes, and I intend to warm myself up.”
Sherlock just reaches out in the darkness, squeezes his hand and sinks
ground after a moment.
The seawater has dried into white lines of salt on the fabric of his
how to handle them.”
crushes him. Numbly and without thinking, he runs after Harry, only
already wonders if he’ll draw back, if it’s too much, right here. But
It was a question, not an accusation.
When John leans in an inch to kiss him, Sherlock gets up abruptly, and
as Gemma’s gone. He’s back to feeling helpless, to feeling absolutely
the pleasant side of boredom.
over backs, leaving red marks in their trails.
studying.
with a promise once made, with a hope once nourished, with warm skin once
He has to swallow again.
Sherlock might not have been able to see what’s been going with John with
trying to make sure Sherlock won’t fucking blame himself, trying to take
but since he is obviously past this, he just doesn’t say
to him, his eyes widen with a smile, green eyes sparkling. John smiles
on his ribs, separated only by the thin layer of his skin. He turns his
falling in love with a boy? How could he ever doubt he loves Sherlock, how
as Sherlock does. He steps still closer, until every inch of their bodies
For now he’s reading and watching the sea in between, still tired, and
his best to give the others an impression of a fucking genuine smile, but
the darkness of his bedroom, hear the anger in his voice disrupt the
And while it can be calm, warm
A few minutes pass and the tension eases up a little. Then, for some reason
up and go back to the campsite, sit in the shade for a bit. But he’s too
you want to see Sherlock?”
electrical connection, a circuit that runs through the whole of their
face and smiles.
lip until John opens his mouth to his. It would be slow and heavy with all
him, the need to have him is getting stronger and stronger. He doesn't try to understand how sadness, guilt and comfort can be so close to arousal and want.
white splashes of dried fluid, and up at John again. “John, I—,” Sherlock
and pillars, at the black and white tiles that stretch out endlessly on the
“When we’re back, Sherlock—” John tries, but Sherlock interrupts him.
from another one of his bad dreams, he would feel Sherlock's hand on his arm in a caring and reassuring manner.
him. As he passes him by on the narrow path, John thinks that something has
protection.
“Yes, it was,” Sherlock says immediately, sounding eager, and then adds,
even a fraction of his dread of losing them both.
“Yeah,” he finally says, cursing himself for his lack of eloquence, “Yeah,
tilts his head in question.
gorgeous…”
time they have had together in years.
water gathering in sandy puddles in front of the entry. He listens to the
He remembers Harry calling Sherlock his boyfriend. Fuck, yes, he wants him
And still it is all there, long gone and wasted and pressing with urgency
John swallows, and suddenly, a wave of emotion hits him.
themselves for Sherlock and him.
“Stop it, Harry,” he growls. “Stop it now.”
showing him how fast he wants him to go. John follows his lead, learning
John marvel —
would never be able to understand this country.
Baker Street, on the first day of the new year. It does feel a bit like the
“Oh.”
John’s skin. He’s coming closer, John can see his face in the dim blur of
Each shiver is
Sherlock was careful and at that point of time, Mycroft wasn’t ready to pry into Sherlock’s bedroom. But Sherlock was attached to someone. Someone other
They have dinner early and Matilda falls asleep quickly that night, as if she knew John and Sherlock are desperate for some time on their own.
“Git.”
Mycroft had him taken to Battersea Power Station all those years ago. He
to get into the sea, to feel the water on his skin.
between eyebrows and forehead, every rumble and creak of his voice, even
cheekbone, still wet from crying.
him to bed. He undressed Sherlock, took off his shirt and licked at his
Although both Reid and Jacobson try to keep out of their daily lives as
touching places of his body he’s never even dared thinking about this way.
reasons he doesn’t understand his heart starts beating restlessly against
it’s just rubbish.”
playing a few chords and after a moment, John recognizes Nirvana’s
need to be coordinated with Mycroft. Sherlock has no time to think about
“I won’t. I can’t.”
. Nobody has lips like you. Sherlock. It takes more strength than I have not to fall for that. And you’re bloody brilliant, being Sherlock Holmes and all.“
aching.
that’s what Sherlock would say. John exhales, feeling his whole body
“I’d rather hear it from you.”
afterglow, the rush of the endorphins, which turned into the background
and his bench.
Sherlock would have had to say by far. Sometimes Mycroft thought that Sherlock actually trusted no one but Redbeard. The more Sherlock withdrew, the more
back. He listens to Harry shuffling off to take a shower, and to Gemma
John leans in to kiss him again. Sherlock tastes perfect, in spite of the
Greg groans in pain and passes out again.
he’ll go back to flirting with the French girl that keeps eyeing him
apply to
bench. John spots wind-ruffled dark curls, arms slung around knees, and a
into John, and that John was—
“Okay.” John smiles and his relief grows into warm syrupy joy, warming his
when he had come to her two years ago.
English voices towards them. John’s stomach lurches every time.
silence of the surveillance room. Another one.
fingers. He puts it into his mouth, hums in appreciation and licks his
Sherlock leans in and kisses him.
He vaguely feels that it’s less mocking than sunshine. He mourns the end of
John raises his head to look at him. He hesitates, but puts his hand back
he’d dared to
had been lying in the bathroom, completely forgotten, together with his
beforehand. He barely has any time to think of Sherlock.
notice.
though, or Gemma’s; maybe they’re swimming already, or having a shower, or
kinds of olives and dried tomatoes, there are soft baguettes with a crisp,
“Go upstairs?”
makes low smacking noises when it hits Sherlock’s perineum and arse. It
make sure that John and Matilda are safe. He needs a cigarette.
Less than two minutes later, Oliver follows him, smiling a secretive smile,
she wants to add something, but isn’t sure if it would be of any help at
found John was getting engaged. Maybe life has changed John too much.
just to show him that this was special to him.
shivers at this, breaks the kiss and exhales, eyes closed.
“No, it’s fine.“
would have expected. If
station. The air would be heavy with iron and machine oil, with exhaust
touches. John wanted to fall asleep in his arms. But after a while James
“Yes, they actually get along pretty... fine.“
John lets his lips rest on Sherlock’s for this one promised moment. Long
slide back, across Sherlock’s ears, his thumbs rubbing his cheekbones; at
Sherlock pretends to scan the surface of the dean’s desk with his
easier now that they’re back together. Sherlock strokes his fingers along
friends — and I agreed.”
remembers it. It’s so familiar John huffs an incredulous breath. Then he
Sherlock’s hips buck when John touches the tip of his cock again, and
“Guess the only possible way to prove it is to do it then, John. Just… not
what Sherlock is doing with his thumb at the head of his cock is rendering
on, Sherlock leans towards him, and kisses him, suddenly hungry, with
Sherlock safely.”
minute, then slowly turns, meeting his eye.
“Yes, I can see them. You’ve got more of them?”
had when they tried this for the first time. Tonight, it’s effortless. He
The woman sits down, and John spots Sherlock glancing at her briefly. Then
there’s something sad in her voice. John knows how Harry’s sadness usually
Finally they make their way up the steep path to the camping site. When
took the peach from the bedside cabinet.
John’s heartbeat is thrumming in his ears again when he sees Sherlock coming down the stairs. He has been aware how attractive Sherlock is from the first
“No. They are still working on it. Seems to be more difficult than we had
Sherlock nods quickly. John keeps looking at him, trying to determine when
They spend the night kissing, undressing in the hallway, giggling, having a lot of champagne and a lot of sex. Neither of them notices as the clock in Big
strategies, keeping up with a myriad of political, economic and social developments every day. Playing people like pawns. This plan focused his mind and
wants to do this and so, after a moment, he opens his eyes. At first, he
And this is what Sherlock tries to convey when he kisses John. That he
Sherlock wordlessly holds out his own heavy glass to his father.
When they are finished, Sherlock leans back in his chair. He inhales deeply and shoves his fingers into his hair.
to deceive him about the windstorm out at sea. Unease is keeping him firmly
Emotions.”
“Is your wife, Mary Watson née Morstan, in the house?”
“Oi! Watch out, Sherlock,” John says, laughing.
an army van. The ride up into the mountains was the longest one John had
see John’s eyes glittering intensely, brimming over with hope and regret
first. He’s used to it now. Maybe nothing can really shock him anymore,
She grins at them fondly, then shakes her head, takes a small double-step
this day as much as possible, to enjoy it as much as he can. It doesn’t
something darker, deeper, something John can only begin to fathom.
“Oh God, come here, my girl,” John says when he takes her. He presses her
“Yes. I would. Very much.“
broken.
he even try? He doesn’t even know how to take the next breath.
“Hey.”
“How do you fucking know that?” he asks, sounding desperate.
John tries his best to enjoy the day.
and nods at the vodka bottle in her hand. John takes it and again takes a
his story when the stranger mentions his former lover’s name,
washes through
Sherlock; he straightens his spine and widens his stance. He holds
that there is nothing he can do to keep the earth from spinning away under
He wonders how much homework Sherlock usually has to do. Would he have time
The music is still playing. The people are dancing, moving to the sound of
reassuring, and for the hundredth time today, he could explode with fucking
Harry looks at him for another long moment, and then she hugs him again,
again.
John’s words echo in Sherlock’s head.
The ocean is warmer today or maybe he’s just getting used to it. When he
ago.
sunshine stealing its way through thick clouds. With a stroke of his arms
“Yes. I did. During uni. It's almost impossible to go through years of drug use without sex.“
time, Sherlock doesn’t skip any songs, he just lets them play, one after
Sherlock, isn’t he? The thought of it makes John’s stomach do a panicky
“That’s good.” John slides a hand to Sherlock, nudging his side, and then
His dad takes a sharp breath, as if he’d come to a conclusion. He looks
He’d felt like falling when Sherlock had brushed that drop of water from
the tent; another one, a heartbeat later. Almost dreaming, John pictures
He takes Sherlock’s hand and turns him around, makes him walk backwards
his own spot at the beach.
John sighs and cups Sherlock’s jaw, pulling him into a long, needy kiss. He
down his own body, at his hard cock.
“Leave it like that for a few days.”
John feels more lonely than he ever did in life.
Sherlock’s breath mingling with his own as he finally comes.
skin, on the muscles of his arms, on his shoulders and his back. He spots
Moriarty’s death and the disintegration of his criminal network had left a
conquering their tent and making it part of the night.
Eventually John reaches out with his left foot, feels for the ground, and
Images of Sherlock at the campfire flicker across John’s mind — the way he
now there are two more dead people, killed in the same manner. We’re… a bit lost.”
And there John is again, thinking of Sherlock, naked. He takes a too-quick
Ford Fiesta as far down as possible, parking it just a few yards away from
Sherlock just showed up, out of nowhere. He remembers how Sherlock had spit
just as overwhelming. Joy and calm surrounding him, and he’s never felt
maybe. We’ll be okay. We
else in the past months.
trail of a single brown leaf spiralling down behind Sherlock.
moving and swaying with the music in the dark room, his silhouette against
As he passes him by, Sherlock nods at him, flashing him a look from those
John swallows hard. Not everybody’s like that, not everybody’s a fucking
John leaves the beach in the late afternoon, when he starts feeling
beautiful mouth — turns up into a smile.
lump in his throat, painful and impossible to ignore. He’ll miss all of it,
they’re awaiting them, quietly and endlessly patient in the way only rocks
hair. “And then you split up with me when you knew I couldn’t run after you
And he really,
from him and places it on the low table. When Sherlock doesn’t even stir in
“Always been... Always found men
his own hand, and his hard, thick cock under his fingertips. He’s
For a few seconds, John closes his eyes. He shields his face with his hand,
open-mouthed, not knowing where caressing each other with their lips ends
He wraps his arms around Sherlock’s shoulders under the sleeping bag,
“Where’s Sherlock?” Harry slips inside and closes the door behind her.
caresses. Sherlock slips his hand into John’s boxers, and John groans at
that film.
Victor. It gave him gentle arousal and bliss without the fierce edge of
Also, please heed the tags - I added
is all John thinks, his eyes wide open again, staring at Sherlock.
hands across Sherlock’s skin, seawater still clinging to every crease and
Reid is gone again and John suddenly is overly aware that his every move in
. The voice of the narrator, the blond
isn’t quite ready for a
John digs his fingers into Sherlock’s hair and pulls at his curls, because
his arms around Sherlock, he threads his fingers into his curls and kisses
Sherlock’s, ghosts his lips against his jaw.
to shore. For all his nervousness, he’s also eager to find out. He’s also
stomach clenches.
his emotions. He is in too deep to be even frightened by it.
chocolate and everything. With a screech, Sherlock had stopped playing his
Sherlock is back at two in the morning. The case was thrilling, but simple enough to solve in the end. He missed John at the crime scene. A lot, actually.
evening, and stops for a moment to look at John. But John barely notices,
happen. Otherwise there wouldn’t be a department like this, would it?”
is finally taking over.
body.
...“), he dives into their rhythm, into feeling Sherlock. How Sherlock
Sherlock’s finger is inside him. John swallows. Good.
Sherlock’ excitement has turned into something bordering maniac. He rushes through the victims’ exquisitely furnished flats, murmuring something about
“But… we’ve arrived. I’ve got to go now.”
John exhales, then pulls one last time on the cigarette and offers it to
to get out, Johnny.”
blue now, and it stretches out endlessly, waiting to be conquered.
although he had dismissed the concept of
John kisses him again, his soft earlobe, then the spot right underneath his
fascinating, John Watson.“
“Ah. And apart from that?”
“You should eat,” Sherlock states wryly and lets go of John.
gets rid of his own. Sherlock sighs vocally as John cups his cock and his
John carefully opens his mouth and takes Sherlock’s lower lip between his
carelessly beautiful clothes. John pulls the zip of his hoody down a few
At five in the afternoon, Sherlock is discharged, not without being
He has to think of
and kisses him.
- weren’t. I understand you.”
important things done - taking a shower, showing up at uni, taking care of
stroking until he, too, had come only moments later.
slides his finger down his cleft. Sherlock’s breathing accelerates and when John brushes over his anus, he moans. Sherlock spreads his legs a little wider
with them, laughing and making fun. Harry sneaks some of the wine and cocks
takes off his shoes. Turning back to Sherlock, his bedroom suddenly feels
Matilda on his arm. She is still wearing her little white sleeping bag that makes her look even more adorable and innocent. And she smiles. Sherlock
it feels when Sherlock
path down the hill, making sure not to trip over, or they’re watching out
Hezbollah… “Bloody hell. Sherlock,” he says voicelessly.
finger. John pushes, gently, just to try, and it slips easily inside
Sherlock’s hands that had gripped his shirt now start to roam across the
states to make himself stop wondering whether he should touch the bulge in
The cab ride merely takes a few minutes and Sherlock doesn’t talk. He looks out of the window, hands the cabbie way too much money and heads towards the entrance door of 221b (which makes John sort out things with the cabbie. “Ah, that was a mistake. Bit too much, right? I’ll take the change”). John follows and Sherlock is already upstairs. “John”, he calls him. Sounding somewhat desperate. How can someone take so long to get up some stairs? Hurry, John. When John enters the hallway, Sherlock pulls him close, kisses him breathlessly and slowly pushes him against the wall. “Do that thing you did yesterday. But again. And harder.”
his touch, and this is stealing the breath from John’s lungs. John lets his
slightly red.
reception, I can call an ambulance from there if needed.”
gentleness that Sherlock heart aches.
photograph — their laughter, their banter, the feeling of lightness and
The way this man
“Ah - well. Ok. Good night, then.”
microscopic particles of sea shells and stones, all ground to the size of
himself. He looks so easy, so happy, that John completely forgets about
Sherlock groans a overcome O
John hesitates for just a moment, devouring the realisation of how much
time, happiness and anticipation settle as a small pool of warmth inside
This night, John doesn’t wake up. In fact, he wakes so late in the morning, he is a little disorientated. It takes a minute to realize where is he is.
Hello.
“Childhood trauma.“
During the last days of the little girl, John and Mary made sure she was never alone. They had given up on the incubator and the parenteral nutrition. They
And whatever it was back then, this look in Sherlock’s eyes now is what the
word for it. He’d like to do that this time, too, but he doesn’t understand
fallen on the tent years ago, a plum from the tree in his parents’ garden,
had wanted him to work for them. They had said his deductive abilities
“Fuck me already, John,“ he breathes and John thinks he is about to lose his mind from the way his voice sounds.
and maybe ask Mrs Hudson to bring some things from Tesco, then it’s — then
“John!”
His chest felt tight, and so he started to move the peach, slowly rubbing
“And don't expect me to comfort you while you're vomiting,” John added.
When John just blinks, Arnel says with a low, rumbling laugh, “Smoke. Don’t
people pass by, wandering down to the beach: families with small children,
feels Sherlock’s warm, wet finger against his entrance.
Sussex helps him to stay calm. And,
e-mail to Harry.
Matilda looks at him in amazement. Clearly she doesn’t remember a thing.
vibration in his chest that John can feel with his whole body. Sherlock
“Bedroom, then?” Sherlock breathes.
“Her name is Melinda. I’ve been seeing her since January. She’s different, John.“
The light, broken into bright,
He turns on his back again.
“You’ll go on working later on?”
playing a game, fighting to find out who’s strongest. He’d hold him down
He was a well-trained former Polish military man. And, even more important,
,“ he begs.
overbalancing. He only had stopped himself from tumbling all over
some time. I have a feeling that they might need that.
relax. Sherlock doesn’t stop, and John gasps at the sensation of the head
They fuck slowly.
no idea of how demonstrative he might be in public. But then — Sherlock is
John is spooning him, wearing nothing but his pair of boxers (in case
anything else. He took Sherlock to Angelo's for an early dinner, not
John’s glad it’s Harry’s life they’re talking about now.
He collapses on Sherlock’s chest, gasping for air like someone who’s just
“Hey, Harry.“
sleeping on his own again, yes, but he didn’t know how to talk about it. Or how to ask for it.
to the car later on, on the weight of the cardboard box full of books. It’s
their mum hugs Harry one more time.
smiles.
against Sherlock’s thigh. He doesn’t give a fuck any more that his clothes
might like which brand of ice cream best, he simply takes four Magnums
Sherlock stares at the paper, willing them to reveal whatever secret they
spotted two small rectangular packs, silver foil with red print.
Life had been fucking annoying. He had been fourteen, he had been alone,
confidence in his cleverness. Still John’s mouth tenses into a thin line
his palate. He has to open his mouth wider than he had imagined in his
(See the end of the chapter for
The agent smiles. “Very well,” the man says with the glee of bringing a
John has managed not to think about Sherlock for a while, but now it’s
passionate, not holding anything back.
splits this large amount into smaller ones, small portions that form his
watching the endless sea and sharing a cigarette, secretly stroking his
was installed, a major security and surveillance
looking down on Sherlock. James says something, and if John would have to
know why this getting to me like this. Sorry, I... I really don’t mean to bother you with that.”
holding his phone in his hand.
know,
think this — maybe they have ever since Sherlock’s fall. Mycroft’s
. John sucks at the sensitive skin, plays there with his tongue, brushing it and feeling Sherlock shiver now. Sherlock’s breath is
Very, very special thanks to @SinceWhenDoYouCallMe_John and @green_violin_bow for your amazing support with this chapter. You've saved me.
John smiles back, and when he’s finished eating he nods at him, saying,
like that. His slim waist, his slender torso, the dark pubic hair against
more blue again. It’s fascinating to look at, a subtle change that makes so
He knows that the feeling of weirdness he’s experiencing now will pass —
When he gets back to his tent, he feels as if he hadn’t even properly
he thinks,
“Every time.”
of all of this. Of myself.”
moving his arms, but he doesn’t need to, he isn’t swimming any more. He
trees, interspersed with gently hissing gusts. John and Sherlock slow down
again. He tries to find the right words to tell him how fucking grateful he
The silence following John's (as he would like to believe)
he sends another message to Sherlock.
“I am…” John is about to lean back, take up stroking his cock again and
— he says his name in a way that conveys its absolute ordinariness, but
toast. He might even eat it.
He briefly glances at Harry, dropping his gaze to the grey ground between
