“And?” Dean asked when Castiel didn't continue on. For him it probably was a simple answer and he saw no reason to continue.
“Yes, there are Samshine.” Gabriel leaned up to kiss Sam's cheek, “spray and neuter your pets is said for a reason.” He sighed before taking Sam's hand, “but Sam, listen to me,” his voice went from the almost constant teasing to much more serious which immediately had the tall hunter's attention. “though I know it breaks your heart to see so many in need of a home, you have to realize that to the one you pick to adopt it will mean everything. And it will be one less in need of a home.” Gabriel assured and Sam gave a gentle smile at the idea and looked down at his scuffed sneakers before looking back up at Gabriel with a slight smile.
Now Dean wanted to live, wanted to be able to spend as much time as he could with Castiel. Sam's plans hadn't changed even if he knew that Gabriel and he could never have a family in the traditional sense he...he didn't want any family like that without Gabriel. Perhaps the archangel and himself along with Dean and Castiel could be their own family. A strange weird family but a family none the less, and he wouldn't have it any other way.
Sam frowned as he opened up the cupboard and saw that it was stocked full of flour, baking powder, baking soda, sugar, brown sugar. All kinds of baking needs, on another shelf was spices and though he hadn't gone through them he could see both savory-like garlic salt-and sweet-like cream of tartar-he also noticed that on the bottom was filled to the brim with salt. And he knew those weren't really for seasoning their food. The angels had thought of everything.
The only person on the entire planet that didn’t know that Castiel loved Dean was Dean, and the only person who didn’t know that Dean loved Castiel was Castiel…maybe Dean to.
“What happened?” Castiel smiled a bit and made sure that the archangel was steady before forcing a smile even if Sam couldn’t see. But like Dean who also had his eyes burnt out he seemed to be able to ‘see’ in a way, perhaps Sam could to.
Dean slept deeper and longer then he ever had since Castiel had seen him. Six hours. His face scrunched up and in a lot of ways it made Castiel think of a kitten which just made him grin more. Though guinea pigs were the most perfect of all of gods creations followed closely by bees every angel was made to create their own animal as well. His had been cats, it was actually Anna's idea to add the claws having said 'they are so cute! You should make sure that there is a way they can protect themselves.' she had said and so he had added the razors at their feet. He could still remember Gabriel watching over him scared that Castiel would hurt himself. Gabriel had made a dog, which did have claws to but not like cats did.
“Yeah, but we always investigate first. We always make sure that we know what we're going up against and what we need to protect ourselves as best we can.” Dean pointed out and Sam nodded, he had spent most of his time researching since he was better at it then his older brother.
“You were the guinea pig?!” Castiel asked and Dean nodded and let himself smirk some. “So you like me?” He asked and Castiel frowned, he had all but confessed to him, even if he didn't realize he was confessing to him. However looking into his eyes he realized that Dean just was avoiding his 'chick flick' moments, since he was never one for a lot of emotion. That did ease the angel some.
“Oh Dean-O don’t you like me? We are to be brothers-in-law.” Gabriel chuckled while Dean and Sam looked at him shocked, that Gabriel would share this information that he wanted to hide to keep Sam safe.
But when she realized that underneath it all John was a good man, and so she stopped listening to her instincts that he wasn't that good of a man. But she was good enough at it that she knew that her son had such a strong sense. So much that she knew that her powers seemed like a parlor trick in comparison. They did say it would always skip a generation.
“Damn. Okay split up then.” Sam said and though he was never a fan of splitting up, it seemed like nothing but bad things happened when they did that but after Dean getting kidnapped three times in as many weeks he was not wasting a single second more.
“What better way than when we are here where our love is the most sacred and beautiful in our nest?” Castiel hummed a bit, “should I have found a ring first?” At this Dean really did laugh and pointed towards his bedside table.
He considered, just for a moment, turning back. He could act like he never left, like he just came out because he was going stir crazy surrounded by walls, he wasn’t used to being inside for long periods of time. He wasn’t meant for that, he was meant for the open road and in a car, or outside hunting, not inside for multiple hours never leaving. Maybe that would even get him to take Dean out somewhere, but he could also make it so Dean couldn’t get out, he might even set up alarms or something that would alert him if Dean were to go outside. It was too much of a chance and so he started to run, he had to take the chance.
He jolted as some bright blue, almost white, coming to him. There was a scream, that might have been the Empty, and there were gasps of several angels waking from their eternal sleep, some having slept for thousands of years and this was the first time they were awakened.
Looking around he smiled seeing Dean before realizing he was nude while frowning thinking where he could get some clothing when Dean's form started to shake and a humming sound before Castiel could really worry too much, his hands reaching out already to heal Dean the sound of ripping cloth and Dean was full grown again.
“Seriously?” Of all this time that this scarred up dark Castiel seemed to understand his references, now he was suddenly not understanding references like Dean’s Cas?
Castiel got back to his pocket dimension with a grin. Not only did he bring Dean his beloved Baby as well as his weapons. Sure, it had been hard to get past both the cheap copy of himself as well as this version of Sam Winchester. Still after a fight with Castiel he was able to collect the weapons and car a quick fire starting in the bunker allowed him to escape while Sam stayed behind to put out the fire to save the books while Castiel chased the alternate version of himself.
I’ve found your little replacement Dean. You shouldn’t have fucked up my reality. If you want him back, you’ll come to these coordinates and return to me what is mine.”
Absently Castiel wondered when the last time his precious hunter had fully relaxed was. He knew Dean was always so full of life and energy; he half wondered if that was why he ate so much, to fuel him. When Castiel had reached his neck and massaged his shoulders he realized his human was not just fully relaxed, but that he was asleep.
“I love you to Cas.” Dean kissed his forehead and began humming the melody to Hey Jude, calming his lover. “I just don’t want to lose any kids, that’s what I would want, to give kids the best we can. Better than I had it.”
“Better than scar face, maybe call me ‘baby’?” Castiel hummed and smiled seeing his reaction, it was so cute. “But don’t worry Dean, I have paid attention and made sure your body’s system is kept regular.” Castiel promised and Dean groaned before looking around where he is.
Castiel knew the story, of course, something so deep in Dean that even as just a soul Castiel had sensed it but hadn't thought much of it having thought it was his past but now knew just how deeply it effected Dean. No one could go through what Dean went through and not be effected; from the time he was four he became the father, mother and older brother to Sam, he became the caretaker for even his father; Castiel worried if he ever even had time to process his own mother's death.
Castiel with his arms wrapped around Dean's torso, keeping the blonde man on his lap, while he seemed right at home just sipping at his beer.
“That's fucked up.” Sam groaned and Dean nodded. He shook his head taking a deep breath as finally the tension was gone.
This version of Castiel seemed a bit more attuned to human customs so if he did come through a door it would be the front door. Back door it was. Dean hurried to the door, slipping out the French doors easily, the patio was more of a deck with a single set of stairs going down, stairs that Dean didn’t even bother with, instead he jumped landing a few feet down and took off running.
“What?” Sam asked glaring at Dean who looked at him giving him the look the look his older brother had given him since he was a child. The one that said 'idiot; just follow along with what I say and keep safe.'
They didn't know how but one second they were there and the next second they were in the hotel room that they hadn't seen before. Looking up though they saw Violet and Jacob who were sitting on one of the beds with a few books and a large atlas book that the angels recognized as the gift that Sam had given them while Jacob was cleaning a weapon, the training from Dean.
“Oh Dean,” Dean had said those three words, telling him he loved him, just once but this was so much more. Castiel answered him with kisses and pushing the ring onto Dean’s ring finger. Dean smiled and caught Castiel’s face with a hand cupping his jaw, pulling Castiel into a slower kiss before putting the other ring onto his angel lover’s finger.
I hope you guys liked this chapter, I wonder if any of you saw the return of Gabriel and Sabriel on here.
“Castiel was talking about the ritual.” He glared at Castiel trying to impart to him that the younger angel should have been more careful about bringing up the demon blood thing. Castiel looked confused but a movement from the corner of his blue eyes and turning he saw Dean who silently explained exactly what happened.
“Not at all Dean.” Castiel said and remembering what the other version of Dean had said he reached forward to grab Dean’s hand. Dean opened his mouth to question but when he looked up into Castiel eyes they were once again pulled into each other’s eyes and were pulled into the other’s eyes. Castiel happily dived into Dean’s green eyes, he always loved looking into Dean’s eyes, it was where his soul was most vital, and he could see not only it but the secrets it hid. It was almost like when he cradled it in his grace.
When Castiel came out of it he was sitting on his knees, just looking at his empty hands. The hands that had taken his world from him. Castiel took several deep breaths trying to calm himself down, he reached up and gripped the leather cord around his neck. It allowed something inside his chest to loosen. He allowed his fingertips to stroke down the supple, well-worn leather and find the amulet and ring, he gently rolled the amulet along his fingers.
“You killed him.” Castiel blinked as he heard his own voice, the being in the mirror’s mouth moved, but Castiel had not spoken.
“Well obviously whoever it is thinks you did.” Sam sighed before shaking his head, “that’s not the thing that we should be worried about, we have to go get Dean.
“I sometimes make trips up to heaven, not often enough to cause suspicion but I couldn't resist going into your heaven.” Gabriel mentioned and Sam raised an eyebrow, waiting for him to continue. “I know you love your brother, so why wasn't he in there?” Gabriel asked and Sam's eyes widened, he knew that Dean had seen it but as his brother never spoke about it Sam had not needed to either.
“Yes.” Castiel finally answered after not speaking for a while, looking between that symbol that called out to him and back up at Sam's hazel eyes.
“I...I..” Gabriel tried to reach up to pull Sam down but the hunter deftly avoided him. “I want you Sam!” He moaned out as Sam chuckled and pulled his shirt off and Gabriel smiled seeing his bare torso with only the tattoo on his left.
Dean gathered up the stuff they didn’t need to get more of, the cornstarch, salt, milk, and sugar. “Ready?” At Castiel’s nod he gathered two bowls, “can you mix the flour, sugar and butter, sweetheart?” Castiel knew exactly what Dean meant, he loved to go for short crust pastry for most of his pies.
“I seem to remember Deano saying he doesn't like sleeping in jeans.” Gabriel reminded Castiel as he pulled the flannel off of Sam, leaving him in his black tank underneath and pulling Sam's own jeans off being careful to not pull his boxers off to. Though he wouldn't mind getting Sam's boxers off it wouldn't be happening when he was unconscious. Though Gabriel loved sex, especially if he could have sex with his bonded but it wouldn't be getting him naked like that. This was just to keep him comfortable as he slept, and setting his head on the pillow, being careful of his long hair he then pulled the blanket over him.
“How are you feeling, Dean?” Castiel asked, the last week Dean and he had gotten a lot closer, Dean had only tried to run once in the middle of the week, considering that before he tried to run twice in as many days this was a vast improvement.
He’d need to go more into depth, but now he knew his hunter was very much a hunter. He now knew how to find him: it looked like Dean and Sam were doing their family business as they crisscrossed across the country.
Dean was running at full blast through the forest, the green trees were whizzing past him, Dean was used to running, he had to run all the time and though he didn’t like it, his fast running kept him alive. His legs were bowed and when compared to his little brother’s relatively short, but still that didn’t matter because he was one of the fastest hunters around. Everyone in the know had heard of the Winchester Brothers at this point and they lived up to their name.
“You two hunt supernatural monsters for a living.” Gabriel just sounded confused and Dean shook his head.
“I knew it,” he shook his head, “with one sibling having such power it is rare the other doesn't, especially if they are first born.”
“A...home?” He asked and Castiel gave an impeccable nod. A home. The one thing he ever wanted. The thing he always wanted but was sure he would never have. A home. A family. Sam, Castiel, and newly added but he was a part of the family to, Gabriel.
Of course he didn't. Why would he? Had some stupid part of Dean thought his friend would? He had no right to drag Castiel down anymore than he already had.
“Oh darling, if only you were my love.” Gabriel pulled away as if he had been slapped but then his lips were on the archangel’s. That had Gabriel ripping from Sam once again.
It was then they heard the two ghosts who were fighting. The two ghosts that inadvertently killed the Winchesters.
But that didn’t matter. He had a mission to do, he would not be distracted. The one thing that was whispering in the back of his mind of if this universe could have him and Gabriel together, could that Castiel be a good man? It was his fault that his Gabriel was dead.
He made it for the first day of Sam's first grade and with the warm crunchy outside, soft inside with eh almost overdoing sweetness of the homemade icing (made with powdered sugar, egg whites, and vanilla extract) with the cinnamon to cut through the sweetness. He was able to face his fears and though he was better the next year going into second grade Dean made the same breakfast for him for his first day of school-this harder as they stayed in a hotel that time. And every year after that. All the way up to senior year.
“It looks great Dean, what’s with the lilies?” He looked around wondering if there were any other flowers, “they kind of standout man.”
“Grace.” Castiel answered and Dean hummed looking over to the cavy. He would never name her that but hearing it, it fit. Especially with those blue eyes. Angel's grace blue.
When they found a possible case that was up in Pennsylvania they drove that way in Baby. Normally Dean would jump at a hunt but this time...this time he almost didn't want to go. Shaking his head he nearly screamed at himself. How could he be so selfish?!
“Cassie gets the pet he always wanted so much, you can to.” He grinned leaning up, tugging Sam down to his height so that he could press his lips against the side of his mouth. It relaxed Dean still, knowing that he could give the pet that had always wanted and relaxed pushing his finger into the 'not-wire-bottomed' cage as apparently a wire floor could cause Bumble Foot. Whatever that was.
“You can eat? I thought it tasted like molecules and that you didn’t like it.” Dean had to clarify because he knew that Castiel could always eat but didn’t enjoy eating it. It tasted disgusting to him.
When Dean thrusts the closet door open he is shocked. Of all the things going through his head this was far from what he expected. There was nothing in the closet. He looked around, thinking maybe when she had screamed it had ran, but there was no signs anything had been here at all. Looking he saw the black sweater that instead of being hung up had been hanged on the doorknob to the closet.
“Because I love you, I love you completely, and you love me the same.” Castiel tried to walk towards his husband who immediately started laughing. Not that cheerful laugh from the movie he loved, not the shocked laugh when Castiel said something very blunt, leaving him speechless, but a cruel laugh.
They were even able to set it so that no one who meant harm to the Winchester brothers could get in.
“I am Cas, you know that Dean.” Castiel tried but the man tried to slide along the counter around him causing Castiel to frown, but that was okay. “Dean,”
Castiel and Gabriel were both acting on pure instinct as they did that. They were making sure that their mates were safe. They warded it against every single thing they could think of. And that included what Gabriel, the third ever angel to exist who would always try to play mediator to Micheal and Lucifer even if they never listened.
“Get some earthy crunchy people, local grown honey.” Dean agreed and Castiel grinned, although guinea pigs were his favorite animal but he loved to watch the bees and honey.
“Gabe?!” He gasped and Dean wondered how he could not have seen before. “What happened, are you okay?”
“It's okay Dean, it's me.” He promised and Dean's eyes widened as he realized what he had said, what Cas must have heard. Castiel could see as Dean brought his walls up around his heart trying to protect it.
However Sammy had loved the pie. A lot considering that even now over twenty years later Sam still remembered that. It sometimes was easy to forget that everything he had done in his life up until Sam had left for college-even after-had meant to his brother.
“You know the Impala has been my home growing up? Dean and I grew up in that thing, in that car and hotel rooms. It wasn't home to me. I wanted a home, a place to put down roots.” Sam chuckled and shook his head, “as stupid as it was when I was learning about plants for biology I thought of myself as a tree that needs plenty of roots while Dean is lucky bamboo, both of us are strong but he doesn't need roots like I do.” He sighed and looked at Gabriel worriedly, “but now I wonder if maybe he does? Just won't go after it.”
“No…runes are here. Ancient runes, what could something like that want with Dean?” For the first time since before coming to this universe he felt fear.
“Hello Dean.” Dean gave an answering smile with his his warm green eyes that were still blinking sleepily, “you still need sleep. Rest. I will watch over you.” Castiel assured and expected honestly for Dean to refuse him but instead he gave him a gentle smile as his eyes fluttered shut.
Gabriel had expertly wrapped the herbs into a sage stick like wrapping. The two angels were each burning the two walking around the room allowing the scents to waft all along till the whole room smelt of sweet smoke.
When Sam came to he looked around seeing that Gabriel was holding onto him. “What happened?” Sam asked and Gabriel smirked moving Sam's left wrist which was burnt but didn't hurt. He moved his wrist seeing that hands wrapped around his wrist where he can see the fingerprints.
“Okay I get it, but what kind of relationship is it then?” Sam asked and Castiel answered, cutting Gabriel off.
“I don't know, if there is no way to know when the place would be open it won't last.” Dean pointed out and Castiel smiled and reaching foreword gripped Dean's hand. “Cas,” he whispered looking right into the familiar blue eyes he loved so much. It wasn't even eye sex it was tender eye love making.
When Castiel finally came from the ashes, still clinging to his precious hunter. He carried him back to their nest resting Dean on the mound of pillows that the hunter had slept in Castiel’s arms. Sleeping. He was just…sleeping.
He may have lost his own true love, and others who he loved even if nothing compared to it he was happy to see his brother find a love like that. He could only hope it lasted longer than the little bit of time he had.
“Dean, you don’t think I’d ever look down on you for this?” Sam could tell by his face paling that he did indeed think that. “The only thing that would get me mad is that it took you guys so many years to get on with it.” Sam laughed as Dean seemed to sag against Castiel, “I was close to just throwing you two into a closet or something till you got around to it.” He laughed and smiled before frowning, “I’m sorry you ever thought that you couldn’t come out and tell me you like guys.”
“Well Deano, that might be true but you will be going up against something that you never had gone against before.” Gabriel grinned and glanced to Sam and gave a quick wink, “so why not you just be happy your brother and you have a pair of guardian angels.” He chuckled at that and Dean rolled his eyes at his teasing.
“Yeah, not for nothing Dean-o but I've been on earth a long time-I know plenty of people who I know are trust worthy.” Gabriel assures, “places have mangers, we can have you make the pies in the morning and we go.”
"I don't care," Dean gasps. "I love you. I love you." Weight lifts from his chest and if he weren't already crying he might sob from the relief of it. "You fucking asshole. I love you."
Dean closes the door softly behind him, swallowing hard at the gentle click of the knob. The bedroom isn't as dark as he'd expected it would be; the window blinds are up and an orange-red glow from the streetlamp beyond pours in, painting a ruddy halo around the motionless form stretched out on the narrow bed.
connected to everything, why isn’t he here with us? Eating a burger, watching you eat your lawn clippings?”
Dean opens his mouth around Castiel's thumb, closes his lips around the first joint. He looks up through lashes painted gold by the lamp behind them, and heat suffuses Castiel, beyond what he can attribute to Dean's body. He pulls his hands back, reaches down to slot them behind Dean's thighs.
Cas smiles, his eyes crinkling a little at the corners. "Yes. But not right away. And not all the time."
The clerk at the motel flirts with Dean and he grins at her, winks in a languid way that makes her giggle and makes Sam exhale a loud, long-suffering sigh. Dean ignores it. Sam’s been getting cranky—too much time on the road, maybe. Dean resolves to have them stay put for a couple weeks once they get back to the Bunker. Sam can go back to his little morning jog routine, start buying his bagged kale salads again. Dean will bully him into rewatching some old Westerns.
Something clears in Cas's eyes. He looks, suddenly, as terrified as Dean feels. And yet there's a kind of elation on his face too, uncoiling beneath the surface.
"You're stronger than all of us. No, listen." He talks over Cas's muted noise of protest. "I believe in myself because I gotta, you know? I
Dean is quiet, processing. Castiel moves to his other arm, winding the bandage from the wrist up, tugging at the edge to make sure it isn't too tight. The first arm is showing more gauze than skin, at this point.
Dean swallows one more time, his throat bone-dry, the angel blade icy in his hand. Then he starts to cut.
Dean moves even closer, breaking all the personal space rules he's so patiently drummed into Castiel's head over the years. His jaw knots as he grits out, "I
"Wait," says Castiel. The panic of watching Dean get strangled in front of him is ebbing and he's turning over the pieces of the earlier nightmare. "The vampires, they didn't just feed on you, they—"
Sam’s expression is getting more mulish by the second, so Dean makes a mighty effort and wrestles his voice into a more reasonable tone. “Look, we need the damn spell, okay? Whatever else—whatever else happens,
He's being a dick and he knows it, but there's a frenetic buzzing in his head that started the moment Jack showed up and explained this harebrained plan, and it's growing louder with every second. Cas is so close. Cas is
But Cas doesn't look the way he first did when Dean met him, either—ramrod-stiff and ethereal, more storm than person. He's kept the tenderness, the softened edges. It's there on his face, in the relaxed brushstrokes of his posture. In the laugh lines still creased around his eyes.
, ruthless, ignoring the agony that rips through him as he tears this last, rooted piece free. He feels his body—his
been thinking about? The gaping hole that throbs in his chest like a wound, when he thinks of Cas—where has
of the flame licking at his true form, a blistering heat that laps at his grace the way holy fire does, but twisted somehow, a perversion of holy fire's cleansing wrath. If it works the same way, it won't just set his vessel ablaze—his true form will ignite as well. He has no desire to find out what the noxious emerald flames will do to his wings.
“Cas, I’ve been human for a lot longer than you have,” Dean tells him, arching his back midway through the rebuttal as Cas does something exceedingly clever with his hand. “I think...
Dean bows his head. He's still crouched over Cas, their faces inches apart. His arms are shaking—no, his whole body is shaking. "You said you knew you couldn't have it, the one thing, but you never asked. You never
"That doesn't make sense," he mutters aloud. Dean whimpers, low in his throat. Castiel makes a decision—he can figure this out later, elsewhere, once he has Dean out of this place.
"Stop this," Castiel says. He shifts his grip on his angel blade in his hand, wonders if he could throw it. But Corin isn't particularly tall, and there's no clear shot with him standing behind Dean. "If you want me, you can have me, but let him—"
“Wherever our story takes us," says Sam, and he, too, looks like weight is lifting from him. His expression clears, the worry and disbelief easing into something lighter, happier.
"So have I," says Castiel. He kisses below Dean's mouth this time, then down his jaw and neck, into the hollow at the base of his throat. He trails one hand along the gentle curve of Dean's belly, dips the very tips of his fingers beneath the upper hem of Dean's store-stiff jeans. He marvels, not for the first time and certainly not for the last, at the existence of this man, this soul, this body. "Too long to let us fuck it up now, Dean, trust me."
, all these little laps you have us running? Fucking predictable. All just variations on the same boring little script."
“As much as he ever was,” says Michael. “And more. Just as Adam and I, as we are...well.” He flexes the fingers of one hand, looks down at it as though examining a slide under a microscope. “Human, angel, more.”
"The last living archangel," says Michael. "And a nephilim." He tucks his hands into his jacket pockets again—it seems to be a habit for him, or maybe it’s something of Adam’s that he’s absorbed, or maybe it's neither of those—maybe it’s just Adam, himself, peeping through like starlight through a crack in a roof. "Interesting, isn't it, how I escaped your notice, when you were purging this earth? Almost as if...as if your power mistook me for a reflection of its own particular light. And...as for the Darkness..."
Castiel is clearing out a nest of vampires when he feels it, a faint brush against the invisible edge of an outstretched wing, feather-light like a whisper of snow: the unmistakable touch of Dean Winchester's soul.
Castiel slips off the bed and stands, opening up space between them, distance and air to separate his unruly vessel from the white-hot nearness of Dean.
He shakes blood off his machete as the last vampire crumples, headless, to the ground. Grins over at Sammy, who for his part is surveying the wreckage of the shed with something like dismay.
"I searched for you for six months," says Castiel quietly. "I never believed you were dead. Sam and I never stopped looking."
Dean's a coward, so he absolutely does intend to go to straight to bed and not deal with any of this shit tonight. Sam can whine about it all he likes. But his feet betray him and somehow he ends up standing in front of the door to Cas's room.
He thinks of the fear in Cas's eyes when Dean had put the glasses on, how he'd tried to hide his wings, folding them tightly against his back. Cas hadn't wanted Dean to know.
He hasn't let himself pray since the Empty took Cas. It had hurt too much to think about. And when Jack vanished into the cosmic unknown without snapping Cas back into existence—well, Dean understood that the Empty wasn't exactly within God's purview, and maybe what Chuck had managed so many times in the past just wasn't possible on this new chessboard. Dean can read the writing on a wall. He's always known there was no happy ending in the cards for him.
And then Chuck flakes apart like ash, a million feathery fragments collapsing through the air, melting on impact with the dark tarmac.
“Sam, watch it!” Dean yells. He fires, but his own aim is haphazard, his trigger finger too frantic—
—it doesn't mean that Sam can look at Dean like Dean is a fucking puzzle that he's solved a long time ago. Sam doesn't know
"Long story," says Dean. He moves his hand down to Cas's shoulder, squeezing it carefully, a gentle pressure. "Right now we gotta move. Okay, Cas?"
Dean goes hot all over, then cold. The sparking lights, the crash and snarl of breaking glass. Sense memory rears its head in his brain and he hears his own breath begin to stutter like a faulty record.
Every so often, he and Sam catch each other’s eye and laugh helplessly. They’re free, Dean thinks. They’re really free.
He doesn’t want to die. Dean puts a shaking hand over his chest, where the blood is pumping hot and red and bright. He can’t bring himself to grope lower, risk bumping his fingers into his own spilling viscera.
Corin lowers his hand at last. Castiel hates himself for the bubble of relief he feels as the flames subside slightly and he is able to relax his wings. His grace flickers under the skin of his vessel, healing the mild burns.
Castiel frowns, unsure if it's truly that the light is too faint for Dean's damaged eyes, or if he's simply blinded by panic. He sits down beside where Dean is curled on top of the blankets, and slips a hand under Dean's cheek, tipping his face back towards the window.
Gadreel's gaze softens. "You don't have to hide your pain from me. And you don't need to pity me for the loss of my wings, for my Fall. It is fitting penance for my crimes. My only regret is that the rest of my kind, who were undeserving of the same punishment, received it anyway."
Castiel sits up and slips his bare feet out from under the covers. "I'll tell them we're staying another night."
"The rain has stopped," Castiel says patiently. "You need food. And clothes." He continues looking resolutely towards the corner of the room, keeping Dean barely in his peripheral vision.
Again, this story is dedicated to the fabulous Eloise_Enchanted, who has graciously beta-read for me on several occasions and who PROBABLY WOULD'VE BEEN TOTALLY HAPPY WITH THE NICE SHORT PROMPTLY-DELIVERED 3K-WORD FIC I SHOULD HAVE WRITTEN INSTEAD but is getting this piecemeal angst pile
Maybe Dean deserves that. “Look,” he says, “I know I—I know what I did before was shitty, Jack. I got so caught up in wanting Chuck dead, I didn’t care who else had to die to do it. That was wrong. I’m sorry, I am. Truly.”
Dean blinks back more tears and thinks about how Cas almost didn't wake up, how the last time Dean ever touched Cas would have been to eviscerate him. Slowly, he brings his arms up, curves one palm against the back of Cas's neck, presses the other between Cas's shoulders, against the protruding knobs of his spine—
Gadreel blinks at him, biting down on his lower lip in a way that's extremely distracting. "Yes, the primaries. On an awakened wing, the name of the angel's soulmate is inscribed on the primary flight feathers. It's quite stunning, as I said. Is it...relevant at this point?"
—library, or whatever distant corner of the earth has been occupying his attention for the past two weeks, and Dean won’t see him again until the next time he shows up at the Bunker to talk to Jack.
Dean groans and rolls over, pulling the blankets more tightly around himself. "Just ignore it, they'll go away."
The vamp's corpse hits the ground with a lifeless thump. Silence reigns in the empty trailer park. Surrounded by dead vampires, Castiel stands, listening as hard as he can.
Sam is half a mile back down the trail, trying to get the injured campers mobile again. With luck, Dean will be able to get the Impala down the miniscule service road they’d discovered and they can get the hell out of dodge. They hadn’t expected the wendigo to be hunting this close to the interstate—stupid, Dean thinks,
Cas fumbles with the coffeemaker and grunts something that barely, just barely, qualifies as a reply. Despite being graced up for a couple of weeks now, Cas has retained the same desire for coffee and absolute antipathy to mornings that he had as a human.
"Gone," says Dean. He swallows, his mouth dry, and lifts himself onto his forearms to double-check. No Death, either. "It got her."
This close to Cas, the two of them in each other’s space like this, Dean can feel everything. He can feel the way Cas’s body goes rigid for a moment and then trembles, a bone-deep tremor like a ship rocked on a wave. He can feel the way Cas’s shoulders move in a sharp, uneven inhale, can hear the sound of the ragged breath close beside his own ear. He can feel Cas’s hands when they come up to press against him, one against his back, between his shoulder blades, the other against the nape of his neck.
to die but he doesn’t get to choose, does he? Chuck or no Chuck, it was always going to end like this for him.
Chuck’s mouth moves wordlessly. A bubble of scarlet blood blooms from between his lips. Light starts to unfurl just beneath his skin, a vibrating bloom of white-gold radiance.
"You don't know everything," Dean gasps out, the words tripping over a sob. He shoves at Sam's stupid immovable frame, which is a terrible idea since Sam is the only thing keeping him upright currently. "You don't know
Cas tilts his head, and the expression on his face is so achingly fond that it makes Dean's eyes sting.
"Quite," Castiel agrees. He lets go of Dean's hips at last, but doesn't pull his hands away; instead one moves to Dean's back, rubbing lazy circles, and one actually moves to the back of Dean's head, gently scratching his hair.
"You shouldn't have tricked me," Sam had said stubbornly. "But he's...now he's here, anyway, and he wants to help me, and...and he's hurt, and he's got nowhere else to go, Dean." And that had been that.
, using his wings to propel himself away. The tail ends of his shirt, still tangled around his wrists, whip against his torso. Pain shoots through the fragile bones as they jostle against the stone floor, but he gets one knee under him and—
Sam huffs out a breath. “Don’t you think it’s a little...weird? We just walk into this case, breeze through and solve it? It hasn’t even been a day.”
“Why would I be jealous?” says Sam, glaring. And then he frowns a little, like the question is bothering him.
"Hey, it's okay," says Sam, and turns his head to rest his chin on the top of Jack's head. He rubs encouraging circles on Jack's back. "It's okay, Jack. We love you—you know that, right?"
Michael stares at Dean, the taut urgency bleeding out of his stance for an instant. Dean stares back at the archangel and it strikes him just how
. It smells...chemical, like ammonia, like rot. Dean watches just long enough to see the skin blackening and crisping as the body jerks in its death throes, and then he spins back to the table.
Dean makes a sound too strangled to be a real laugh. "They were careful, man. They never took too much, they never hurt me in any way that could kill me. They told me. Told me I." He falters. "Told me they'd keep me alive for years, to feed on."
And then there’s a razor-sharp blade that looks like it’s made from wood and bone and possibly holly berries, cleaving toward him, and he has to shut up and get the scimitar up to block it. After that he doesn’t really have much time to dwell on the absurdity of it all because he’s too busy trying to not get stabbed by a willowy leaf-haired being with pointed ears and eyes like green coals and fucking
“Old habits die hard, I guess,” Dean says. He suppresses another chuckle. “Throw a tape in, would you? There’s a couple in the glove box.”
Endless, although that isn’t new. Cas’s eyes were always that—depth and stars and seas and the unknowable hint of things beyond mortal comprehension and yet still so
Castiel suspects it was quite a few more than a couple, but he just says, "Destroying them now would be—"
A sob bubbles up in the back of his throat, hot and wet and coppery. He doesn’t want to be alone. He wants Sam. He wants Cas. He wants his mom. He doesn’t want to die alone in the craggy shale in the middle of these woods, where Sam will eventually find his decaying corpse and have to drag it back and burn it—oh god, Sammy, he's so sorry, he’s so sorry he’s going to do this to Sam. He doesn’t want to go—he wants to stay—
“Yeah?” says Sam absently. He’s in the passenger seat skimming some kind of digital park brochure on his tablet. Eileen would normally be with them on this sort of thing, but she’s away for a few days, driving east to deliver some spell components to a shaman friend in New Orleans.
"Your body required repairs on a massive scale," Castiel says bluntly. Dean blinks and curls his fingers around his own arms as if to reassure himself that they're intact. "My grace provided most of the power required, but in-depth muscle repair, cleansing infected tissue—those things drew from your own energy reserves as well. You need rest and food. So we should still make the supply run, at least."
of him, the way his body takes up space, the way his sleep-slow heartbeat is reverberating through the room.
Dean's thought about kissing Cas before. He's thought about it a lot, actually. He's imagined it in slow and careful detail, half-ashamed by the wanting of it, even in the quiet of his own head.
"Kill you? Oh no, Dean, no no no. Let me tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to take you with me, cover your whole fucking body in warding sigils, and nobody, not your angel or God or the Devil himself, is ever going to see you again. I'm going to feed on you for forty years, Dean, I think you can last that long, don't you? It'll be slow, I promise you, it'll be so very slow. And when you're old and grey and empty I'll turn you, and you'll be a monster, just like me."
"I know," says Dean. "But I have to—I have to try, Sammy. If there's even a chance, I—I have to do it."
Dean complies, reaching out to rest his fingers against where Castiel's are curled around the blade's handle. His other hand slips almost unconsciously toward his shoulder, fingers curling into the cuff of Castiel's shirtsleeve.
head, it just ends in gill flanges, a ridge of what might be bone, and then a circular jaw like a lamprey's. The concentric rings of teeth are dark red, dripping. The thing flails in his hands, the rasping fangs swinging dangerously close to Dean's wrist as he backs away from the table, away from Cas.
"Enjoy it while you can," says the not-Castiel. "You and I both know Dean can be a bit...flighty. Bit of a runner, our boy."
“I’d have him hurt you.” Chuck spans his fingertips against the back of Dean’s head, presses his thumb against Dean’s cheekbone. He presses so hard Dean thinks it’s leaving a bruise, thinks his skull might crunch and warp under the pressure. “I’d have him awake and
“If you catch pneumonia I’m kicking your ass,” Dean promises. “Here—hold still.” He scrapes a handful of snow off the kid’s shoulders. “Alright, check this out.”
"Sam?" says Jack. He sits down on the bed and looks at Sam with that sharp, steady gaze of his, as unfaltering as ever. It makes Sam's heart turn over, to see the faith naked on Jack's face. It sends a cold little spike of fear through him, too, because Sam remembers what it was like to have such pure and trusting faith in himself, in where he belonged, in doing what he believed was right. He remembers how easy it was to be wrong.
Cas's fingers stroke softly through Dean's hair. "Although I just remembered," he says, a laugh thrumming just under the surface of his voice, "I did promise Claire I would help her renovate this shed."
Dean drags Cas into him. He doesn't think about it, doesn't decide to do it—his arms move almost of their own accord, reacting to something deeper than any coherent thought he might be able to scrape together.
"It's alright," says Castiel. "They don't hurt." The fire might have cauterized the nerve endings to some extent, he supposes. Or maybe the influence of Dean's soul healed the worst of the damage. He steels himself. "How much was burned, before you and Sam put it out?"
his grace out, into where the epoxy is wedged deep and unforgiving in Dean's ear canals. He can feel the material heating beneath his hands, vibrating on a molecular level as it resists the influx of power, and then it gives way, crumbles like dust under his touch.
He drops to a crouch, teases one finger across the bars. "C'mon, angel. You aren't so hard on the eyes. Play nice with me and I can make your stay a little less..." He grins again, rolls the joke around in his mouth before dropping it: "...hellish."
Dean yanks the steering wheel to the right, pulls the Impala over to the shoulder in a screech of brakes.
"No, no, he's fine, he seems...uh, normal enough. He said Jack got him out. Out of—wherever he was. If I'm honest, the explanation got a little metaphysical for me."
, my arms feel like they're on fire and it hurts to breathe and I don't need you to look at me like you're sorry for me, alright? I don't need you to feel bad that you didn't save my sorry ass in time to keep a bunch of vamps from carving it up!"
"Dean!" he calls, but it's too late. He rocks onto the balls of his feet, right at the edge of the fire, and listens helplessly to the retreating stamp of Corin's footsteps, the slower shuffle of Dean's. Feels Dean's soul retracting into itself even as it gets farther away.
thinking about it, not until he sees Cas again. Not until he can put his hands on Cas, curl his fingers in the sleeve of Cas's coat and confirm that he's solid, that he's real.
Wow, looks like things are finally moving along for these two idiots! Hope you guys enjoyed this chapter, comments are super SUPER appreciated. <3
Castiel reaches down and grips Dean by the hips, pulling him closer. Dean leans down and hesitates for a bare moment before closing his mouth over Castiel's. The satiny fabric of the blindfold bumps against his eyebrow. He bites down on Castiel's bottom lip, gently, and is rewarded with a soft sound of pleasure.
They sit on the Impala's hood and watch the sun set across the lake, drowning everything in fuchsia and crimson. Dean clinks his beer against the one in Cas's hand. "So," he says. "There's still a lot of Heaven work to do, you said? Rebuilding stuff with Jack."
"Sweet," says Dean. Eloquently, like the dumbass he is. He fidgets a little. "So you...so you'll..."
Dean rolls onto his side and leans in to kiss Castiel, his hands slipping around to cradle the back of Castiel's neck. "No, it was good, Cas, really. Intense, but...really good. Was it—was it good for you?"
"I couldn't...find any at the store earlier," says Castiel, barely paying attention to what he's saying. He can't tear his eyes away from Dean, the planes and curves of his body glowing gold at the edges.
God, Dean misses his mom. He misses Bobby. Misses Charlie. But he still has a family. Jack’s tears are wet and warm against the side of his jaw. Dean thinks of Cas again, probably because he can’t ever be around Jack and
"No, stop, stop, I can't," Dean blurts, pulling away. He hunches over and presses his hands over his eyes. "Fuck."
"Not necessarily, although we usually don't reveal them to other angels without reason. I have not seen Castiel's."
Castiel heals everything, all of it: the sigils, the bruises, the cigarette burns, the arm wounds, the raw sore festering on the inside of Dean's cheek where he must have bitten down hard during some torment. He heals the lacerations on Dean's wrists and cleanses the infection no longer held at bay by the sigils. He restores Dean's damaged eyes and internal organs, rebuilds the eroded muscle tissue, wipes away the gash across Dean's throat so that not even the scar remains.
coat—and drags Dean across the bed towards him. Dean goes, with a muffled gasp, his hands flying out to brace against the mattress so that he doesn't fall directly into Castiel's lap.
“Oh yeah? How can you be so damn sure?” says Dean, irritated. “Where was all this insider info shit before? We’ve been trying to figure out a way to beat Chuck for
And there was that night, years ago, when he'd thought Raphael might kill him the next day and Dean had—
He does it anyway. Goes for the weakest-looking one, head-butting him hard in the face and then lashing out with a kick. The impact is solid and gets a cry of pain out of his target, but the other three are upon him in an instant. The female seizes his cuffed arms; Raz goes straight for his hair, grabbing a handful of it and wrenching Castiel's head back. The demon he'd head-butted is swearing furiously.
"I. Um." Dean drops his eyes. "I tried to put it out. The fire. Didn't work, obviously. I was—I wasn't really thinking straight. At the time." He starts to pull his hands back under the covers, but Castiel reaches out and grabs one of his wrists, arresting the motion.
, I swear I'm strapping you to the roof. You can stretch your legs and feel the wind in your flowing hair, you big princess.”
But it's possible that he was lying to himself the entire time, because when Dean actually appears, it's nearly a full minute before Castiel believes what he's seeing.
“Don’t you think I know that?” Dean tightens his hand around the bottle to keep his fingers from shaking. He misses his mom. Misses her like a dull knife in his ribs. There are so many people he misses, now. His chest is full of rusting iron. “I look at you and I see—I see—”
Out of the corner of his eye, he catches sight of Eileen drawing her machete in an easy, fluid motion. He takes an instant to be infinitely grateful that she’d turned down the vampire hunt to come with them on what’s basically been a weird, tense, interdimensional botanical field trip.
where your adopted kid sucks all the midichlorians out of me and takes my job? No, you morons.” Chuck spreads his hands. “I’m a
killing the vampire in the camp, those few nights that feel like eons ago. In fact Castiel remembers killing him
Cas is watching him, his eyes full of the last dying light of the day. He's in just his dress shirt and slacks, the coat and jacket folded neatly to his other side. His hair is sticking out in every direction. God, Dean loves him. He tightens his hand around Cas's and lets himself peer, for just a moment, down the long timeless lens of eternity—gold afternoons and sleepy mornings, Cas's rough voice in his ear, the Impala's steady rumble, warm nights under these stars or any others. Their family and friends. Sam, one day. Cas working alongside Jack, turning Heaven from a prison to a paradise, making it into a home. Dean making a home, too, in a way.
Chuck laughs in their faces. “So you’re throwing in with the humans, Michael? I gotta say, even for you, this is pretty
"No, my wings never awakened. Not while it would have been visible, anyway. My primary feathers were actually ripped off quite early into my imprisonment...there was a guard, Thaddeus, he liked to be..." Gadreel pauses. "...cruel," he finishes, and a wave of memory rocks through their shared connection so strongly that Sam catches glimpses of it—silver-bright metal and smears of blood, chains as heavy as falling stars,
The Winchesters aren't angels, and they aren't demons. They can't snap their fingers and heal him, or undo all the damage, physical or otherwise, that he sustained during his captivity. But they did find him. They did come for him. And they do lift him carefully to his feet, and dress him when his hands shake too much to do it himself, and skim their fingers over the worst of his visible injuries in gentle, worried appraisal, and hold him steady when he stumbles, and lead him out of Hell, and take him home.
Castiel grits his teeth and tries again to stand. He succeeds this time, rising unsteadily to his feet and fixing the demons with what he hopes is an intimidating stare. They've removed his coat and jacket; he can see the garments piled in a heap in a corner of the cell. He wonders where Lucifer is, what part of Hell's prison the archangel has been relegated to. If the demons dare to take advantage of their former master's position of weakness.
"I know," says Dean, and his expression is suddenly so fierce and so achingly tender that Castiel has to fight the reflex to look away, to avert his gaze like he's in the presence of something too holy to perceive head-on. Dean's thumb strokes, again, over the edge of Castiel's face, like the brush of a wing. "I know you're still you. Always. I'm just saying—you had to sacrifice all that power to save my ass, and I'm not—"
the map table and is now towering over everyone, the felted antlers wobbling dangerously over his head as he fixes a glower at the assorted woodland creatures.
"And Dean? You'll be the one who has to enter." Jack surveys him. "I won't pretend it's safe, or a guarantee."
Castiel reaches for Dean's face in turn, feels the feverish heat of Dean's skin. He presses his hand to the side of Dean's face, mirroring the contact of Dean's fingertips against his own skin.
"Yes," says Dean again to Michael, still not looking at Castiel, and what can Castiel say, really? He put everything into that first agonized protest, but Dean's mind is made up, immovable.
. A voice, calm, familiar. Not Cas's. Not Sam's either. He can't tell if he's hearing it out loud or in his head. Warmth expands suddenly in his chest—power channeled into his body by an endless river.
He wonders if Cas left the Bunker the instant he was brought back. Brushed off his coat, took one of the cars, and just...left. Or maybe Cas just asked Jack to snap him right to Jody's. Pluck him out of the Empty and deposit him somewhere,
"They're okay, thanks to you, you giant sap," says Dean crossly. His hand tightens around Cas's. "And
“Of course it’s okay,” says Sam, looking startled. “But—are you sure? Don’t you...I don’t know, are there, um, Darkness things you have to do?”
His hands are halfway to Cas's shoulders before he freezes there, arms trembling, breath catching in his chest. He's afraid to touch Cas. He's
"Yeah? I'd better stick around, then." Dean straightens up and smirks, just a little, at Cas. "Doesn't seem like you're making much progress without an expert around to help."
Dean jerks halfway up from the floor, the breath knocked out of him by the sudden and utter absence of pain. He props himself on his elbows, gasping weakly and screwing his eyes shut. When he finally lifts his head, he's met by Jack's clear gaze.
It strips him, the crossing. Flays his grace like he's pulling himself through a maelstrom of blades, tears through the immense and intangible form of him like he's a tissue paper being, a creature being butchered for parts. Castiel lets it because he has to—because he can't cling to what he is, if he wants to make it out of this place designed to imprison exactly that. He grips tight to the components of himself that weren't part of the original design—memory, choice, love, everything he wasn't made for, everything he made for himself anyway—and lets the rest go.
"Can't believe we haven't met before," says Castiel easily. "You guys never came to any of my parties?"
stubborn son of a bitch, weakening himself for no fucking reason at all other than his own goddamn principles. Wouldn't be a surprise if that's how he was captured in the first place, Dean thinks, his eyes stinging suddenly; he can imagine Cas walking into a trap while trying to rescue one of these sorry bastards,
why, Dean." Sam takes a huge, shaky breath, his eyes pleading silently. "It's not. If you think that it—makes you
"Get me out," Dean gasps. His arms have found their way around Castiel's neck somehow; Dean's face is buried in his collarbone. "Please, Cas, get me out
Castiel swallows. Belatedly, he remembers that he needs to breathe now, too. He inhales carefully and the sensation of lightheadedness recedes a little.
“Hey,” says Dean as a thought occurs to him. “You think Jack can hear us? Can he hear everything? Now that he’s...y’know.”
He takes two more steps and his foot lands on what feels like stone. Water sloshes against the edge of his boot; there's a film of it covering the cell floor. He raises his phone higher and there's no mistake. It's Cas, undressed, curled on his side in the inch-deep water with his back to the stairs.
"We, uh," Dean says, from the doorway to Castiel's room. "We can get you some clothes and stuff, this week."
“You’ll come back with us?” Sam says to Cas, his voice pitching up, making it into a question rather than a statement.
Jack looks guilty, his shoulders already climbing towards his ears as he hunches in on himself. Dean thinks it might be a habit he picked up from Sam. It catches him off-guard, sometimes, how Jack is a conglomeration of all their mannerisms.
Remembering Gadreel's words, Dean grins suddenly and takes a step towards Cas, whose back is to the room as he softly curses the coffee filter in Enochian.
"That's right," Dean manages to chime in. He fights down the anguish and panic still swelling in the pit of his stomach. "If that was your best play, I got bad news for you, asshole."
Sam clutches at the sides of his head without realizing what he's doing. The tide of images chokes off and halts, and he feels Gadreel's apologetic grip on his wrist.
Dean with a tap on the forehead—he tumbles into Dean's mind as if in hard-coded response, slipping across the gap between them and into the space of Dean's nightmare. It happens so fast that, on the bed, Dean's sleeping features have barely begun to twist in distress before Castiel finds himself standing on the doorstep of the derelict trailer where he'd found Dean the previous night.
“Guys! These are fey!” he hears Eileen yell, from the top of the stairs—Dean has no idea how the hell she got up there so fast. He looks up just in time to see her snap kick an eight-foot-tall, antlered humanoid so hard in the chest that the thing goes cartwheeling over the rail, taking out the Christmas tree and about six feet of popcorn strings on the way down.
, maybe? No, not that one. Whatever—some kind of movie marathon, a couple days of boring cardio. Sam will cheer up eventually. They’ve got time.
Castiel knows what his wings look like. He knows how the grace he'd stolen is corroding them, eating away at feathers and muscle until he resembles the abomination he is. He hadn't known exactly what the effects of stealing Theo's grace would be, but he'd had an idea. He'd known the magnitude of the crime he was committing—the memory of Metatron's blade at his throat, of the sickening pain and terror of it, had still been fresh and raw inside his own head. And he'd done it anyway. Because he'd had to—to survive, to get back to Sam and Dean. To get back to Dean.
"Oh, Dean, no," says Corin sweetly. He puts his hands on Dean's shoulders, trails them down Dean's back. "No, Dean, you know that's not how it works. Come on, now. You were doing it so well by the end. I want the angel to see what you're really good for."
"Steel-toed boot," she tells him. "It ruptured something. I was bleeding internally. The angel healed me."
It's like being buried at the bottom of a very deep, very dark well. Castiel has lived enough, sinned enough, for the weight of his mistakes to pin him flat in the darkness. It's shame and guilt and grief and each memory anchors him with a razor specificity, there in the lightless silence. This is how it works, he supposes. His own thoughts will devour him alive until he sips oblivion by choice, out of sheer desperation, and the void will know peace at last.
"Because he didn't know where we were," Castiel realizes. He looks at Dean. "The sigils that were hiding you from me. They hid you from him too."
"Fascinating seeing you so...healthy," Corin murmurs, and actually licks his lips. Dean's jaw trembles.
"Dean, I've got it." Sam mops up his spilled coffee, puts the mug on the edge of the table so the waitress can refill it.
He does it well—the incisions are shallow, but each one bisects the entirety of the sigil, and his hand blurs with the speed of the motion, so that by the time Dean hisses and flinches it's already done. And then Castiel is tossing the blade off the side of the bed and grabbing Dean's other shoulder, and that's as far as he gets before Dean's soul explodes into view in front of him.
. This isn’t Cas having lost everything because of Dean, this isn’t Cas having spent so long in the mundane grime of humanity’s best shitty hits that anything would start to look good, even someone as fucked-up as Dean.
"Your retinas will have degraded," says Castiel carefully. "I'm...something's blocking my ability to heal you, I'm sorry. Just try to relax. Let them adjust to the light."
Dean follows him down, gasping a little, his chin dropping to his chest as he feels his heart rate slow. "Holy shit," he pants when he can manage to speak.
Dean wakes up in a motel bed and Sam is crouched over him, staring down at him with eyes like dark coins.
“Great,” says Dean. Just what they need, a new rung on the ladder of cosmic douchebags. “Fucking peachy.”
has made itself manifest, in order to tether him to it. Dean tugs at the bindings, tries to dig his fingers into them, but they may as well be made of iron for all that they budge.
"Your wings are incredible," says Dean, and he means it. "We'll figure out some way to deal with the grace thing, but the most important thing in the meantime is that you fucking
A few yards away, he sees Sam dodge one leviathan and spin to fire one-handed at another, his aim flawless—and then Sam drops to his knees, his face going white with pain as his free hand comes up to clutch at his shoulder, where the bullet wound is still festering under a layer of gauze.
"What?" says Dean, distracted, still staring down the street. His brain feels like it’s working at half speed, tripping over the influx of too much information, too many dots outlining a shape he hasn’t quite filled in yet. "I don't—chain of command? Why does this—?"
Dean hears himself make a single choked sound. The pain under his ribs spikes again and it's not as bad, not
Her eyes stay fixed on his, her brow furrowed, but she turns the key in the ignition. The car splutters to shaky life, and she gives him one last pointed look and says something Castiel doesn't catch over the growl of the engine starting.
," Dean hisses, drawing it out, his mouth curving beautifully around the syllables of Castiel's name, his soul flaring brilliantly. He runs his fingers along Castiel's wing, over gauze and feather alike, and Castiel stifles a whimper.
"SAM!" he calls again when there's no answer, and hears the clatter of Sam's feet on the wooden stairs.
"Cas—" Dean pulls back a little, shifting to look up at Castiel. Abruptly he curls in on himself with a gasp, clutching at his bandaged forearm. "Fuck."
Castiel lifts his head up from the pillow and kisses Dean's fingertips. "Don't you have a dare to go brag about downstairs?"
Eileen’s waiting for them when they get back to the Bunker. She shoves up from the war room table as the three of them come down the stairs—Sam at the front, practically taking the steps two at a time, the big idiot, and Jack trailing not far behind. Dean comes down last. Hangs back a step, to watch his little brother catch Eileen in his arms as she launches herself at him. Sam half-spins her, his arms tight around her waist, his face buried in her hair.
Raz lets his breath hiss out between his teeth. "Oh, angel." He smears a line of the salve down Castiel's cheek, though the slug never ventured there. The ointment smells like myrrh and sage. "It's a pity Asmodeus won't be keeping you around. I'd have you eating scraps from my hand soon enough."
When Sam starts shuffling from foot to foot with all the subtlety of a 6'5" abominable snowman in a china shop, Dean figures he's gearing up to have a heart-to-heart with the kid. Leave it to Sammy to wait all of five minutes before diving into the touchy-feely stuff.
"If Asmodeus is underestimating the Winchesters," Castiel grits out, "then he does so at his peril. As do you."
Castiel takes a step towards the leftmost edge of his own dock, and at the same time the double moves, stepping in the same direction with a movement so similar that for a moment Castiel wonders if he really is just staring at a mirror. But when he looks over his shoulder, his own dock is empty. No Dean, just himself.
He raises himself up on his hands again, so that he can stare down at Dean. The rainbowy light that plays off his feathers is speckling Dean's face with flecks of color; it mingles with the soft gold radiance of the lamp and with the shadows cast by the wings themselves, a tangle of light and dark and color on Dean's skin. Castiel shivers, overcome by an intensity of feeling that he can't quite put words to. God help him, he is going to give Dean Winchester the world.
Dean rolls his eyes.“C’mere, handsome.” He hooks his fingers into Cas’s belt to tug him closer. Cas crowds him against the kitchen table, plants insistent kisses against Dean’s chin and the corner of his mouth, and then—Dean stifles a yelp of surprise as Cas tucks broad hands behind his thighs and
Dean's face twists in something like anguish, before he schools it back into hard anger. "I don't need a
"So the world goes right back out of being? No skin off my back." Chuck lifts his arms in a half-shrug. "Saves me the trouble of pressing the big red button myself."
Would've been nice for Jack to just beam Cas down right next to them, Dean thinks sourly. Not like there wasn't plenty of room in the car.
“Well, listen, Eve has a camp a couple miles that way,” says Benny, jerking his head off to the left, towards the thickest stretch of forest. “Not really a camp—more like a rendezvous point. If your leviathan sent word he was bringing the angel, she’ll be meeting them there.”
The burger is thoroughly at room temperature, but Dean doesn't seem to mind. He perks up quite a bit once the contents of the bag have been devoured. Unfortunately, this manifests in the form of him prowling endless loops around the motel room, prodding restlessly at the decor. His soul flutters and flares like a bird preparing for flight, though it still shies away each time he passes the door. Occasionally he bursts into flurried action, shadowboxing and swinging his limbs in big, extravagant movements. It's immensely distracting, and Castiel busies himself determinedly with his laptop.
"Where are you going to be?" says Sam, without looking up. He's focused on their shoebox of ritual supplies, sorting through the herb bundles and ceremonial blades and sticks of colored chalk.
"Too good for me now?" he mocks. He rattles the pot of ointment. "You need this, angel, so mind your manners." He pulls Castiel's open shirt off his shoulders, down around his wrists, and slaps more salve on. He's rough, and the application stings, but it's a fraction of the gold streaks' effect and Castiel barely feels it.
It looks like an eel. Like a monstrous eel folded up in Cas's belly, bulging out of it now that Dean's opened up the abdominal cavity, writhing and sliding over and along itself with no head or tail visible. He hears Sam retch, feels pretty close to vomiting himself. The only thing keeping the bile down is the knowledge that if he did he'd pretty much be puking directly into Cas's guts. Actually, the coils of the thing are concealing any internal organs, or
Castiel ignores this feeble smokescreen of humor in favor of pulling Dean's wrist back, out of the way. He grabs Dean's knee and pushes it to the side, forcing Dean's legs to open. The coat, fortunately, continues to cover everything that human propriety would demand stay covered, but not what Dean was trying to hide: two shapes carved into the planes of his inner thighs, large and symmetrical and unmistakably sigils.
There’s that subtle, unmistakable change again—Michael’s shoulders relaxing slightly, the set of his jaw altering.
Castiel knows Dean's body intimately—he rebuilt it molecule by stacked molecule, after all, in the dark space of a coffin buried six feet deep. He released Dean's soul into it, watched it expand and curl to fit every crevice and curve. If that isn't enough, hasn't he spent the better part of a decade watching Dean, watching the way he moves and carries himself, the way he laughs and cries, the lift of his chin, the set of his jaw, the easy movement of his hands? Hasn't he healed Dean more times than he can count, hurt Dean more times than he can be ashamed of, felt the planes of Dean's body break under his curled fist or stitch themselves together beneath his open palm?
"Alright, then." Chuck gives the smallest shake of his shoulders. Smooths the rage out of his expression. "Congrats. You two actually did manage to drag your sorry asses out."
"I don't want to take your bed from you, Dean," says Castiel. "I'm not injured—there's no need to give me special treatment."
With a gasp, Dean goes limp, lolling bonelessly in Castiel's arms as the pain drains out of him. Castiel realizes, with a stab of mingled wonder and alarm, that he can
"I'm so sorry," says Castiel. "I thought..." He scrubs at his face, suddenly tired. "You had to drive all this way..."
“Don’t ever change, pal,” Dean says to him. He concentrates diligently on untangling his stocking of stockings. If he
There are blue sparks burning in Cas's eyes. A furious, delighted hunger in his gaze. "Yes," he says, and drags Dean back in.
Castiel can't speak. He stares at the body of his tormentor, its lifeless gaze. Tries to process what he's seeing.
Raz finishes the spell with a triumphant lilt in his voice. There's a soft, barely audible crackle of power in the air as the magic does its warped work. Castiel arches his back, terrified, screaming through the gag, as his wings are yanked forcibly out of the etheric plane and compelled to manifest between his shoulder blades. It hurts—manifesting them in physical form is taking energy he can't spare, and the wings themselves, fragile and crippled as they are even after his most recent reconstitution, are on fire with the pain of damaged nerve endings and bruised ligaments.
It's weird knowing that at any moment, even though it doesn't happen unless a hunt goes south, Sam's eyes could light up silvery-blue and he could manifest inhuman strength or pin someone to a wall without touching them. It's even weirder when Sam's gaze turns inward, his eyes staring blankly as nothing as he holds silent conversations in his own head, or when his posture and micro-expressions make the subtle but unmistakable shift that means Gadreel is now the one controlling his body.
." Castiel tries to catch Dean's shoulders. A jolt of pain goes through his knee as Dean's foot connects with it. "It's Castiel—"
Michael steps back toward the door he just entered through. “You're going to wake up momentarily. My father will be there; he'll try to entrap you again, somehow. You must not let him. He has been in these—these sub-levels, toying with you, and in doing so he is inadvertently avoiding his own fate, as well. You
Dean opens his mouth. Closes it. Thinks back to that afternoon. They’d driven back to the Bunker, barely finished their celebratory beers before hopping into the Impala and just—
"Yeah, well," says Dean, looking at Raz's body with the same expression a person might give a crushed cockroach, "fuck that dude. Cas, come on, let's get out of here."
The Empty puts a hand against his face and this, too, is a mockery of a movement Cas would make. It slides a rough palm up Dean's cheek, into his hair, and curls its fingers through so that it can jerk Dean's head back.
Dean gives him a watery grin. "He's alright—he's back at the Bunker. Undoing all of Chuck's bullshit—he did great, you'da been proud, but it burned through his powers. He's got enough mojo for his body not to disintegrate like it did last time, but—he's human, basically."
Asmodeus tells the demons to ensure that Castiel remains in one piece, but he doesn't specify any restrictions beyond that. Castiel grows used to the denizens of Hell prowling just beyond the bars of his cell, staring at him with hot, hungry eyes. On the third day of his captivity, a male demon sits cross-legged on the other side of the bars and unfurls a long strip of parchment inked with jagged symbols. He presses his palm to them, one at a time, and Castiel drops to his knees and grits his teeth as each symbol burns red-gold and sends pain searing through a different part of his body.
Castiel pushes his grace outward a second time, trying to work carefully but quickly, hating the way Dean's body goes painfully rigid beneath him, the way Dean's breath hisses out from between his teeth. But it's done in a moment, the epoxy dissolving into nothing, and then Dean's eyes—a lump rises in Castiel's throat as he fully realizes how much he'd missed Dean's eyes, how little hope he'd had to ever see them again—blink slowly open. Dean ducks his head immediately, squinting in the light that Castiel had turned on out of habit.
“Dean,” Cas burrs, the sound vibrating up through the corner of Dean’s jaw due to Cas currently being occupied exploring that general angle with his mouth. “I’ve been reading about salmonella, and it’s very serious—I think you should really be careful about it.”
It clatters against the wall and there's no way Sam didn't hear that, but Dean doesn't care. Sammy's a smart kid and he can figure out when he should leave damn well enough alone. Dean sweeps through the room and smashes everything he can lay hands on—yanks the drawers out of his dresser and hurls them against the wall, sweeps the spare knives off the table with one outstretched arm, tips the nightstand over and sends books and papers flying. None of it matters, nothing matters anymore, what Cas said doesn't even matter because he just
, like it was the easiest thing in the world to say. Like Dean was the easiest thing in the world to love.
Cas creases his eyebrows together. “I hope it’s a while before the next time. Seeing you so injured—not knowing yet whether I would be able to heal you—”
Castiel presumes he was referring to the wing, which he supposes is probably near-unrecognizable by now, or to Castiel's mishap with it.
Castiel nods and readjusts his grip on the blade. Dean's skin dents gently beneath the point of the weapon, only a slight margin of pressure keeping it from breaking. He takes one last careful breath, and—
He shivers, trying to gather up the courage necessary to face Dean again. And then—what? Dean will want him to leave, he supposes. Or maybe not—Castiel can still be a useful ally, in the time remaining to him. But Dean will certainly not want to be near him, not now that he knows what his arms are encircling each time he embraces Castiel, now that he knows what brushes against him when he presses up against Castiel from behind.
Dean backs up until his spine hits the wall. He can't breathe. He can't think. His heart is beating too loud, too loud. This isn't a monster he can kill. This is just himself. He only knows how to run away from himself.
Dean cries. He hammers his fist against the wall until he feels his knuckles split and he cries angry, messy tears, because he didn't know either, but maybe it's something he could've figured out, and now he never will.
"I'm Jo, I exist too," says the blonde girl. "This is Benny, Andrea, Charlie." The tiny redhead, the last to be named, is looking back and forth between Castiel and Dean as if watching a tennis match, her face radiant with delight.
Dean's hands are still shaking; bile rises in his throat. His head is swimming from the whiskey and he doesn't
"I don't just mean this time," Dean whispers. He can barely hear himself. "I mean every time. Every time you left. Every time I pushed you away. Every time you were missing. Every time you died."
"Dean?" he manages. He doesn't know what this is. He holds the bundle of Dean's clothes against his chest with his other hand, and he doesn't move at all.
Dean pulls back, pants for breath as if he's a drowning person coming back to life. Clarity strikes him like a bolt of fucking lightning. "This is what you wanted," he realizes, out loud. He stares at Cas, at the planes and angles of his face, so achingly familiar and yet so new. "You wanted me to choose. You were waiting for me to choose."
"Sure would be—" Dean pauses, coughs wetly. He can taste blood, coppery-sweet on his tongue. "—sure would be convenient if, if Cas was here."
Castiel steps carefully out of the bathroom, moving through the darkness to the bed. He stoops to lower Dean to the mattress and realizes that the towel is very much absent in this exchange. He tenses immediately, his arms locking up as he realizes how much of Dean's bare skin is pressed against him.
“I told you how I felt,” Dean whispers, an echo of Cas’s words a moment before. He blinks a tear loose from his lashes, feels it score down his cheek like a tiny liquid blade. “If you knew, then why didn’t you say anything.”
Gadreel nods. "Perhaps he simply was not ready to show them to you...wings are an intensely personal part of an angel, in that they can reveal all sorts of things about that angel, by virtue of their color, their pattern, whether they've been awakened..."
"Dean," Sam says from beside him, his voice cracking. Dean looks over just in time to see Sam sink slowly to his knees.
Sam is standing by the map room table, his entire body taut with barely contained worry. He looks like he's a few seconds away from full-on pacing. "Dean?" he says urgently.
"Doesn't that bother you? Knowing that you'll never—know who you were—" Sam gestures aimlessly. "—meant to be with?"
hear him. And perhaps, Castiel thinks with mounting horror, perhaps Dean hasn't been able to see or hear
"No need to get so fucking high and mighty about it," says Cherry, marching back past Castiel. "Lots of guys have rules until you catch 'em when their wives are away. Whatever. Your loss, man."
, and he’s just standing there, in those strange dark clothes, with that ring on his hand and with power rippling invisibly off him like a silent maelstrom.
It turns out Dr. McGinnis, fucking psychopath that he was, had been indulging his taste for experimentation by keeping a whole sideshow of freaks chained up in his basement. But none of them, Dean can see in the harsh fluorescent lighting, are the particular weirdo he's looking for.
It doesn't matter what he wants, it doesn't matter that there's a terrible kind of blankness welling up in Cas's gaze the longer Dean stays silent, it matters that Dean is
"You don't have to say anything," says Cas. He shifts his arms, still pinned between their chests. Pushes Dean back enough to prop himself up on his elbows.
Every guilty thought and half-dreamed fantasy Castiel has pushed under the surface for years blooms to life and is immediately subsumed by the present moment, as Castiel opens his mouth in return and receives Dean Winchester on his tongue. Any doubt and hesitation is burned away by the fire of Dean's mouth on his; Castiel is devout in this as in nothing else. If Naomi could only see him now.
Slowly, hardly daring to breathe, he extends the wing. Despite his care, he's unable to keep from tensing at the unfamiliar sensation. He's never physically manifested his wings before, and although their appearance mimics to some extent the shape of his true form, the sight is still strange, as is the feeling of muscle and bone, tendon and connective tissue, where he's used to only the etheric nature of his grace.
"Some of them were infected, you should have been going into septic shock. You're malnourished, they were draining your blood regularly, but your organs haven't failed. When you—when you cut your throat, you didn't bleed out. The sigil is not permitting your body to pass through into another state. Death. It's keeping your wounds from killing you."
Dean drops his chin almost to his chest. His breath hitches; his mouth moves soundlessly. "...please," he mutters finally.
"Cas," Dean pants into the join of their mouths. He runs his hands up Castiel's arms, digs his fingers into the muscle there, pulls himself even closer.
, all reminders that Dean waited too long, that he ran out the fucking clock by being too much of a goddamn coward all those years.
, he's so beautiful, Castiel has always thought this, and he thinks it again now, hazily. Apocalypses come and go but Dean Winchester has never stopped being the most beautiful thing in any universe God ever cared to create.
, he was always so good at keeping this shut tightly away, before. And it’s like Cas ripped that all down. It's like he stripped away all the walls that were supposed to keep it under control, at the same time he was stripping all of Dean’s fears bare, in that room in the Bunker, when he was looking Dean in the eye and saying
Dean scoots up and feels the head of Castiel's cock pressing against his entrance. He braces the very tips of his fingers on Castiel's chest and prepares to lower himself, but Castiel suddenly reaches out and has his hips immobilized once more in that merciless grip.
He puts his hands to Cas's face instead, cups Cas's jaw and the side of his cheek and lifts his face a little, off whatever is passing for a floor in this dimension. Touches Cas's hair, gently.
—” Dean rakes his hands through his hair as the names sink into him like knives. "What the fuck." Awareness floods through him and he can't understand
Dean stamps over to the center of the room and pulls back an oilcloth rug that is, indeed, covering a small trapdoor. He hauls it open and sees wooden steps, leading down into darkness.
Dean can't really argue with that, given the circumstances. In all the history of balls in courts, he thinks there might never have been a ball as thoroughly in a court as this one is in his.
"He'll come back," Castiel says, frantic fear blooming suddenly within him. He's suddenly certain that Raz will know the cuffs have been removed, that Raz is on his way to the cell
The roast is in the oven and Dean’s sweeping up the popcorn debris that has somehow spilled out of the library into the war room, when Jack comes tramping down the stairs with pink ears and cheeks, snow melting in the creases of his jacket.
He almost drops it, in his haste to pull the damn thing out of his pocket. But it isn't Cas's name on the screen, or even Jack's.
Dean is hunched over now, Corin's weight driving him down into the floor as the vampire crouches over him. Castiel grits his teeth against the spell that holds him in place; if he could move, he'd fling himself through the fire now, consequences be damned, and hope that his disintegrating vessel knocked Corin loose. He can feel shame and agony twisting through Dean's soul, digging their hooked claws in, dragging it down into whatever dark pit had been its prison and refuge before Castiel rescued him.
"You're coming in?" she says with raised eyebrows, as he leads her to the door. Her earrings sway as she walks, twinkling in the outdoor lights. "If you want to watch, that's fine, but I'm not gonna—"
, actually, and this is leviathan territory, this part of the woods, so she’s got to travel carefully.”
"No," says Michael. "It is because reapers work in Death's library. Because they are near Death, touched by Death,
"Cas," says Dean. He gropes forward, bumps his knuckles against Cas's chest. Presses his hand flat against it. "I don't have anything else. I'm sorry. I'm just me, and I'm not..."
, and he reaches the other hand into Cas. He follows the serpentine body by touch, reaching deeper, feeling things shift around his hand and trying not to think about how much more damage he's doing to this body, this vessel that anchors Cas to the material plane—
Sam scrubs at his eyes with the heel of his hand. “So what now?” he asks, frowning at Michael. “What will you—”
Castiel is still leaning down over Dean, and he is suddenly aware of how close they are: he can count the lashes through which Dean is peering up at him, pinpoint the few faded freckles that remain scattered across Dean's cheekbones. Dean's pulse spikes and Castiel can hear the burgeoning staccato of it, can sense Dean's soul unfurling cobalt-blue, a swell of color that even the strange muting force between them can't completely hide. Their clasped hands hover in the air, six inches over Dean's bare chest.
Corin is whispering something to Dean, his mouth pressed up against Dean's ear, smearing the side of Dean's face with his own blood. Whatever he's saying, it's too muffled for Castiel to hear, but he can watch the way the oily black poison of it sinks into Dean's soul.
"Such devotion," Corin murmurs, but his tone is mocking rather than impressed. He curls his lip as he looks over at Castiel.
sense, but he feels it in his bones, in his grace, in every molecule of his true form. "It was you, it was your soul. You—you shielded me with it, somehow.
Jack touches his chest. “I can feel...an echo of her. The power that she was. It lives in me now. So, a part of her does, too.”
Cas pads into the kitchen. At some point he’s traded his flour-dusted shirt from this morning for a clean one, a worn-out Zeppelin tee that he definitely stole out of Dean’s drawer. He looks serene and content in a glowy, rosy-cheeked way, the mistletoe sprig still planted securely behind his ear. Dean’s heart aches, to look at him, but it’s a sweet, warm ache, not the sharp pang of thwarted longing he used to feel when he looked at Cas and wanted—
Right. Of course. Cas is here on...cosmic entity business. He isn’t here to see Dean. He isn’t here to eat Dean’s fucking cooking.
“Dude was just...in the kitchen. Drinking fucking coffee.” Dean ignores the way his chest flutters, thinking about Cas all lean and relaxed against the kitchen counter, one huge hand curled delicately through the mug’s handle.
He bows his head, hunches over until his forehead is pressed against Cas's. Cas still feels warm to the touch. Like he's just sleeping. Like he could wake at any moment.
“We’ll see who’s laughing when you have to try on the Christmas clown pajamas I got you,” says Dean, which shuts Sam up pretty quick. He points at the sheaf of mistletoe they picked up from the florist that morning. “Where do we want this?”
Cas slides his fingers through Dean's. "You're right," he says. "I had a damn shitty idea of happiness."
, but. If he couldn't be brave enough to chase the things he wanted while he was alive, maybe his own literal death is the kick in the ass the universe figured he needed.
Dean stares at him for a moment. Then he says, gruffly, “The hell are you talking about? I was there, remember? You and Michael kicked Chuck straight into the afterlife.”
Vaguely, Castiel wonders why he came here, to do this very human activity that he certainly has no need for. Perhaps it's because this is the kind of place Dean would have stopped at for a meal.
“But you did, so thank you,” says Dean firmly, because Cas looks haunted by the memory, and Dean wants to wipe that expression away. “How did you even know I needed help?”
Dean opens his mouth. Closes it. He can’t really think of a reasonable argument against it, except that the concept of the literal embodiment of Death having a phone just—
Dean drops his arm but doesn't move away. He's looking at Cas with an unreadable expression, his lips slightly parted, his eyes very steady, his breath not steady at all. They're standing so close to each other that their sleeves are almost touching. Castiel hears Dean's voice in his ear, pained, measured:
"Miss me, angel?" Raz's grin is shark-like, his eyes alight with amusement. He reaches his hand towards Castiel's chest.
Jack helps him clear the plates and serve the pie, which is phenomenal, the crust perfectly flaky and the apples just the right mix of sweet and tart. They’re halfway through the pie and Dean’s about to suggest getting an early start on the pile of presents when there’s an odd, musical jangle, like a chorus of tiny bells, and the Bunker door blows off its hinges.
Cas shoots another quick look at him. "Dean, no, you don't want to—they're—they're poisoned, they're disgusting—"
"Dean," Sam says, like a warning, like an order, and there's a sudden fierceness to his eyes. Sam's face is wet; a muscle jumps in his clenched jaw. "Dean, don't you dare," Sam says in a low voice that's very nearly a snarl, and he grabs Dean by the upper arm—
"You got any pie?" Dean asks the server, cheekily. She blushes and smiles at him. Sam rolls his eyes so loudly Dean thinks they might honest-to-god pop out of their sockets.
Castiel raises his head, controls his face so that he gives Raz only a blank stare. So Raz had guessed, then. Maybe the whole world knows, and is laughing at him too.
into the side of Dean's neck, a luxurious sound of enjoyment as he drinks. Dean drops his gaze immediately back to the carpet between his knees, crumpling further into himself like a paper doll.
Then dinner’s ready and Dean’s stomping around the Bunker yelling for the rest of his family to get their asses into their chairs before his four-course masterpiece gets cold.
“You said it yourself, Dean,” says Cas, in a low monotone. “Horseman of the apocalypse, remember? And you were right. I came back, and I’m grateful that I did, grateful that I could help. But I didn't come back as someone who should—be around the living.”
The horrifying thought comes that perhaps he's gotten blood on Dean's arm, now, or the grime from the cell floor, or the lingering filth of Raz's touch which he can feel clinging to the feathers, and he turns his head, trying to see Dean's hand, just as Dean says, "No, I meant what was—" and the cuffs open with a soft
"Stop," says Castiel. He can't bear the fount of self-loathing he can already sense brimming on Dean's tongue. "Don't you dare imply that my regard for you has lessened in
Dean doesn't respond verbally, but a tremble racks his body, and he pushes forward suddenly, until Castiel's fingertips rest against the substance. He curls his hands into the fabric of Castiel's coat.
Cas closes his mouth. He folds his hands neatly on the desk, over the pages of whatever boring-ass arcane tome he was definitely
"Dean, hey—hey—" Sam lets go of his shoulder as Dean struggles back against the headboard, gasping. "Hey, what were you—"
"It might have, once." Gadreel turns the full crystalline force of his eyes on Sam. "Since meeting you I have come to place a lot less stock in there being some grand plan for all of us, and a lot more stock in the potency of free will. Of choice. I know what I feel now, and that is enough for me."
," he wheezes. His heart wrenches with a spasm of emotion so agonizing that he presses a hand to his chest, certain that he's about to go into fucking cardiac arrest. He can't get enough breath into his lungs. A chill breeze caresses his face.
He twists his neck farther to survey more of the damage, and his eyes slide over a set of tiny puncture wounds in the muscle near where the wing joins his shoulder. Raz had
saying,” says Eileen, with equal testiness, “that it’s bad luck to place the tree at that angle to the door, we should put it over there instead—”
“Well,” says Amara blandly, from where she’s just appeared in the back seat. “That looked unpleasant. I’d say it might teach him a thing or two about trying to subsume me into himself, but he can’t really learn any more lessons at this point, can he?”
"Please stop," he begs. He straightens up, tries to get air into his lungs. "Stop, Sam, I can't—" He can't stand it. He can't
Cas presses his palm to Dean's. Wraps his fingers around Dean's wrist, grips it like it's a sword, like it's a lifeline, like it's real.
The fake Dean is saying something in response, its voice rising agitatedly to match Castiel's, but Castiel ignores it, speaking loudly to Raz, wherever he's hiding. Fear twists viciously in his gut; what if Raz isn't tempted by the offer, what if he keeps Castiel with his wings out, as helpless as if they were pinned to a card—
"So, we doing this, or you gonna keep brooding?" Cherry rubs her arms, bounces up and down in place. "Getting kind of cold over here."
"Yes—and clothes," says Castiel, caught off guard by the abrupt conversational pivot. Although he really shouldn't be surprised at this point by Dean's ability to change the subject.
Castiel had meant to keep a grasp on Dean's wrist, but he forgets to do that as he stares in dismay at Dean's eyes, sealed shut and almost completely obscured by two patches of a tarry black substance.
"Sam," he says when one finally returns a prompt for a message, instead of a dial tone, "it's Castiel. It's—I've found him, I've found Dean." He hesitates. He's called this number before, and he doubts Sam is still listening to these messages. "Call me," he finishes helplessly.
"Sam. Let's just get on with it." Dean is feeling his own trepidation, but he pushes it down and grins at Sam instead. "Sooner I go, the sooner I'll be back.
Michael finally nods, still suspicious but perhaps correctly evaluating that this is his best option. He tips back his head and silver-blue light pours out of his mouth, hurricane-loud.
On-screen, Jody is trying with little success to keep a bowl of pie filling away from Alex. They look pink-faced, a little breathless, and very happy. “Dean,” Jody says cheerily. Alex grins and takes the opportunity to swipe a fingerful of cherry compote.
, Cas will still stop by every now and then. Maybe—Dean can still see him, sometimes. If that’s all he gets, if that’s all he can have of Cas—he'd rather have it, than nothing at all of Cas.
He can't sense Dean's soul the way he used to be able to. But—he can feel Dean's warmth through his layers of clothing, against his own cheek where it's pressed to Dean's side. He can see, with his ordinary, human eyes, the freckles dotting the bridge of Dean's nose, the curl of his lashes, the green of his eyes. He thinks maybe, if he turned his head a little, pressed his lips to Dean's wrist, he'd be able to feel Dean's pulse, steady and sure. It's enough. It's always been enough.
his wings, mangled and bloody and disgusting as they are, and Castiel is helpless to hide them. He tries anyway, tries to fold them in close to his body, only for the fractured bones and strained muscles to clamor in revolt and refuse to do his bidding. The remnants of his wings twitch and drag pathetically over the stones as Castiel struggles into a sitting position, breathing hard, avoiding Dean's eyes, shame making his face grow hot.
. Billie said..." His hands float up, carving a shape in the air. "She said it was like...like a light bulb with no current running through it. Like an empty shell."
“I told you,” says Cas, managing to sound somehow both infinitely patient and incredibly testy. “I rushed things.”
"Okay, just—hold on—" Dean shifts, trying to move behind Castiel, clambering awkwardly around the bent expanse of Castiel's left wing.
Cas nods. "He stormed the Empty." A half-smile tugs at the corner of his mouth, part awe and part disbelief. "Laid siege to it. It...didn't want to let me go."
Michael flicks a hand impatiently. “It doesn’t matter that he’s becoming more powerful. It matters that in a short while, he will no longer be
"I need to see what they did to your eyes," says Castiel, before remembering, again, that Dean can't hear him. He reaches out instead, takes hold of Dean's chin and tips it up until he can see the black patches, glossy in the motel room lamplight. Dean twitches slightly at the touch, but again offers no resistance. His jaw is tightly clenched; Castiel can see minute tremors running through it.
Dean breaks away a second later, but only a few inches. His eyes are enormous. He glances up from Castiel's mouth and then back down again, and a flicker of fear shows in his gaze for a moment, as if he's somehow still uncertain of what Castiel is telling him.
this is a long one <3 I thought about splitting it into two chapters but couldn't decide where best to split it (and didn't want to draw out the angst TOO much longer) so here it is, all together.
“Cool. So the Darkness is, uh, a three-year-old nephilim. And God is...our half-brother plus his archangel cellmate. And Death...”
A body crashes onto the floor of the cell, head bouncing against the stones with a sickening crunch, face still contorted into a grimace. Castiel jerks away in shock. It's Raz; his eyes are open and sightless, his short hair matted to the side of his face. The wound in his chest is still emitting a few half-hearted red-gold sparks.
"I don't care about soulmates either," Cas pants when they finally break apart, "I never did—that's why I never said anything about it—I don't
He skims through news sites and paranormal forums for any clue to Sam's whereabouts; having no luck, he finally opens a new browser and types in the address for a niche antiques site. It's the kind of site where most of the postings have wild claims about hauntings and magical qualities—wardrobes possessed by the ghosts of grandmothers, rusty knives claiming to be ceremonial daggers, the like. Most of the responses are from ignorant enthusiasts with too much trust and too little financial sense. It's an unreliable source, but one that he knows Sam is nevertheless in the habit of checking, just in case anything legitimate ever crops up.
to be afraid of this. He's going to fucking try. He asked Cas to believe in him and so he's going to
Cas, who had opened his mouth after Dean’s first sentence, closes it again and furrows his brow in thought. “Not long,” he says finally. “This...becoming, it takes time.”
fingers warm against Castiel's bare skin. Dean's soul twines cobalt and indigo through the space between them; Dean's pulse hammers out from his fingertips like a symphony. Castiel feels it echoing through his vessel's bones; he is an empty church, Dean is song, Dean is a bell, Dean is incense and smoke in the golden light—
"Son of a...of all the....right, you know what, whatever." Dean swallows, resists the urge to take his hand off Sam's shoulder to rub tiredly at his eyes. "Alright. Okay."
Dean rolls onto his side, facing away from Castiel. His soul coils and curls in on itself, like a hurt animal. "Don't worry about it."
"I'm sorry," says Sam, and his voice cracks. "I never—I should've, but I—I didn't think you would ever want to talk about it—"
, and Dean's gaze is searching and careful, and Castiel trembles and strains forward without quite realizing what he's doing.
, Dean thinks, and successfully suppresses a snort. “I can’t imagine what it must be like. To be so...connected to everything.”
"I'm sorry I can't heal you," he blurts again. Dean's arms are swathed in gauze; his skin is broken and bloody in so many places. His body is a map of Castiel's failure to protect him.
Dean looks down at Cas, whose arms are pressed against Dean's chest, trapped between their bodies. Whose stupid hair is sticking out at odd angles. God, when did Cas start looking so human? Dean can remember a time when he looked like he was carved from the stormblast itself. When he blew in and out of Dean's life like an inevitable wind, unyielding and unrelenting. Angels aren't supposed to age, but Cas has tired creases around his eyes that weren't there before. He has laugh lines and crow's feet, he cries and he doubts, he feels pain and sorrow and longing and grief.
"I apologize. I'll try to maintain more restraint, next time. I wasn't expecting it to be that...dramatic. But then, things have always been unexpected, when it comes to you."
"You already healed me," says Dean, gesturing to himself with a grand, flippant sweep of his arm that dislodges Castiel's hand. "I'm fine. Are there burgers in that bag, by the way?"
"The physical ingredients are more of a formality," says Sam, distracted as he taps an odd, syncopated pattern onto the dagger's hilt. "The real ingredients are the intent. Shut up and let me concentrate."
pain, surely. Under the gauze he can feel a throbbing, itching discomfort, all the more jarring because it is housed in flesh now, not just in grace. But it's mild compared to the piercing, constant ache he's used to enduring—the pain of his true form mangled beyond repair by his fall, by Metatron's handiwork, by the months he spent being rotted out by stolen grace. And it certainly pales in comparison to the agony he remembers from his last waking moments, out on the asphalt with that caustic fire slowly eating its way into his very essence. He shudders at the visceral memory, and come to think of it, why
About a week after the talk with Jack, Dean finally wakes up and stumbles out of his room and it takes him all the way through showering and brushing his teeth and throwing on clothes to remember that Cas left. That Cas isn’t going to be reading in his bedroom or looking up a lore reference in the library or playing Yahtzee in the war room with Jack. And he thinks,
, Cas, thank god you're o—" the hallucination glances at the wreckage of Castiel's vessel and has the decency to look chagrined, "—well, actually you look like crap, but—
Castiel glances over at the bed. Dean has tucked himself securely in by the very edge, and Castiel suddenly wants desperately to slide under the covers on the other side—not to
happen. I don’t know how you, or Sam, or anyone else living, will die.” Cas makes a slight face. “Which is perhaps for the better, as I don’t know that I’d be able to remain impartial.”
"Yeah. He—he pulled up right as you were—as you were—" A haunted look passes over Dean's face for an instant, like a shadow, before he clears his throat roughly and continues, "Anyway, he took one look at the shit all over your wings and knew it was Greek fire, the huge nerd, and we had the right stuff in the trunk to put it out."
"Alright, alright, I got you." Sam braces one huge palm against Dean's shoulder, trying to hold him up against the post without hurting him.
, the arch of Dean's spine, the bitten-off sounds dropping from Dean's lips, Dean's hands on Castiel and Dean's ragged breath in his ear. Castiel can feel pleasure pooling in the base of his spine and building; between that and the echoing lightning emanating from Dean's soul, his control feels dangerously close to slipping—and he
Cas reaches for the second set of handcuffs. The moment the chain snaps, Dean jolts into motion. He clips Castiel across the face with a wild swing and then launches himself past, towards the door. Castiel reels back, more from shock than from the pain of the blow, which was a glancing one, without any power behind it.
Dean rolls onto his side and clutches the coat around him as if it's a life preserver. Even skinny as he is, his shoulders are still too broad for it and Castiel can hear the creaky, whispery sound of the fabric straining against his back.
"I'm alright, thank you," says Castiel. He finally puts a fry in his mouth and chews slowly, hoping to ward off further questions. It's quite late at this point and the diner is fairly empty, to the point that she's stopped to check on him more than he assumes is normal. He's been sitting at the slightly sticky booth for over an hour and he supposes it probably seems odd he hasn't touched the food—the man in the booth across from his keeps stealing suspicious glances at Castiel over the top of his crossword.
"The...Empty is just one more plane out of many, all of them held together by a membrane, of sorts. A liminal dimension." Michael raises his eyebrows and scuffs a shoe against the threadbare carpet. "I expect its, ah, quaint appearance at the moment is your minds’ effort to not be rendered insane."
And now Dean knows. Dean knows exactly how little angel is left in Castiel, stolen grace or no. Dean has seen the way his wings are rotting, how first Metatron's spell and now Theo's grace have destroyed,
That's fine with Dean. He starts making a fuss about bedtimes—like anyone in this goddamn bunker ever listens to him when he tries to make sure they're getting enough goddamn sleep—and lets Sam dawdle at the door as Dean meanders down the hall to his bedroom and Cas goes off to do whatever the hell Cas does when people sleep.
With a kind of gradually congealing resignation, Castiel realizes that they probably need to talk about—about what he'd said, before the Empty took him. He's been carefully avoiding dwelling on it or even cursorily thinking about it. What he feels is the farthest thing from regret; he'd do it again in a heartbeat, would do it a million times over for the same reasons. But he didn't think there'd be an
"And." Dean ducks his head. It's not just shyness, he realizes. It's deeper—a trepidation coiled up in his marrow, a deeply-rooted thing that he could spend the rest of his days trying to weed out. He resolves to try. For Cas—for Sam, for his family, for the whole life that stretches out ahead of them, he'll try. "Will you—will you stay?"
Dean breathes for a moment. A small eternity. In. Out. He feels Sam's arms around him. He feels Sam's heartbeat in his ear.
.” His voice drops another octave and suddenly Dean’s not looking at a slight, squirrelly man with dark scruff and dancing eyes. He’s looking at something primeval, unknowable, barely housed in its human shell. Some terrible capricious hateful thing that stares him down and sees him as an insect, a speck of grime.
” Dean snarls, and finally whips his head up to glare at Cas, who has crouched down beside him, so close Dean could count his lashes if he wanted. Too close and not close enough,
The demons spend a few minutes kicking him for good measure, spitting out invectives all the while. Castiel curls in on himself and tries to breathe through the sharp bursts of agony. They finally tire of their sport and leave the cell, sneering to each other.
Cas reaches his arm out. His hair is still wet, wild tufts of it sticking out in every direction. There are tears pooled in his lashes.
, he repeats to himself, feeling the manic desire to laugh out of sheer relief. The world swims in and out of focus. Asphalt scrapes under his palms—he's writhing on the ground, he realizes, as the agony of the fire makes his limbs jerk like an insect's. Dean's hands are on his face. Dean is safe. Dean is beating frantically at the curling green flame at the hem of Castiel's coat, at the fire starting to flicker around Castiel's edges, lapping at his chest, his shoulders. Castiel wants to tell him not to bother, that the real damage is being done invisibly, on another plane altogether, but speaking seems like too much of an effort. Dean is screaming. Dean is
. Something warm unfurls in him and he tries frantically to fold it back up, because it's dangerous, it's dangerous for him to
Castiel winces, not from the bluntness of the statement but because the phrase makes him think of the warmth of Dean's body, and how it had felt to have that curled next to him, and how much he wants to be the warm body that Dean needs, and how he isn't that.
And then it’s all wandering hands and lips for a while, just Cas’s hot mouth and the soft sounds he makes when Dean pushes a knee between his legs, just Cas’s teeth grazing against Dean’s jaw and collarbone and Cas’s thumbs digging into Dean’s hips, the meat of his thighs.
“Heya,” he grins at the tablet Sam is trying to prop up against a tub of frosting. “Merry Christmas.”
"Dean." Cas tangles his fingers in the hem of Dean's shirt, bracing himself with one hand planted on the bed. He hesitates. "I. Can I."
"You've already gotten yourselves out," says Michael. "Candidly, I didn’t expect you to manage it, but you broke my father’s hold on you. This is all happening in the split second before you wake up in the world. The real one."
"I know you want me to suffer," says Cas, "making me relive these memories. But I think..." He studies Dean. "I think you don't realize that I was always reliving them, already. Over and over."
Something tangles in his legs and he goes down hard, feeling the impact in his bad knee; it’s the leviathan he’d shot first, ichor dripping freely from the wound in its chest. The creature tries to grapple with him, wincing visibly as it struggles to get the upper hand. Dean shoves himself backward across the grassy soil, opening space between them, and manages to kick it in the chest, right over the wound. It tumbles backwards onto its ass with a decidedly unintimidating yelp of pain.
"I was dreaming of you," says Cas, suddenly. "Of...him. Of killing him. Back when Naomi made me do it, again and again."
“You should be angry. I killed—” says Jack. A tear rolls down his cheek. Dean doesn’t want him to say it. "I killed Mary.”
. It echoes weakly in the back of his head, insistent but ultimately futile, because—well. That isn't who he is, not entirely, not anymore.
Dean shrugs. "You get your eyes tarred over, it leaves an impression, man." He slides out of bed. "On the dock, that was...I don't know. I
They're magnificent—massive and charcoal grey, curving out from Cas's shoulders. The damage, though not as horrific as with Gadreel's wings, is still obvious—almost all of the longest feathers are missing, while those that remain are mangled and twisted almost beyond recognition, and in a few places the flesh seems to have been eaten away, leaving exposed bone beneath. The feathers closest to the wing bones are intact, though, ink-dark and glossy. Despite the damage, Cas's wings are beautiful, in a way that echoes of loss and of things diminished, a way that sends twin bolts of anguish and longing twining through Dean.
. Cas does pull back then, withdrawing his hand with a stricken expression, and this just makes Dean more furious. Cas doesn’t have the
Two of the vampires have him pinned on his back while the third straddles him, holding him in place by virtue of sheer weight, but Dean continues to wrench against his captors' grips with dogged determination. His face is streaked with dirt and blood; it looks like there might be grit embedded in his cheek.
"Dean, I don't have much time." Cas's eyes are urgent. "We're trying to get you out but I can't—you have to—"
“You said yourself,” he blurts, desperate. “Cas is why we kept remembering, right? You can’t just make us forget about him. It’s not going to work. But you—you bring him back, you bring them
"What are you—" Dean starts, and the words die on his tongue as the girl lifts her hand away and a faint silvery glow shimmers from the spot she'd touched. It fades into Cas's skin almost immediately.
Dean chokes. He sets the bottle down hard. He doesn't look at Cas, because he expects if he does he will shatter entirely, but he does marshal a half-dozen jokes to defuse the moment, and he does open his mouth to rapid-fire all of them immediately.
"What?" says Sam urgently. He must have moved, because Dean feels Sam’s fingers on his sleeve now, curling into the fabric, holding him steady, and it’s only then that Dean realizes he’d been swaying on the spot. "
. He'll always want more than what Dean's willing to give. Dean's kindnesses are a trap he doesn't know he's setting, and if Castiel isn't careful, he'll fall again and again.
“I love you,” he chokes out, and folds forward, against Cas. His forehead lands on Cas’s shoulder, the leather somehow cool despite the sun. “You can always have me.”
Castiel flinches inwardly at the reminder, but irritation flares unexpectedly, eclipsing his guilt for once. He is good for more than healing. He is not just a reservoir of grace to Dean. "Dean, why didn't you
that does it, the catch in Dean's voice that has Castiel numbly taking his weapon back and gripping it tightly as Dean opens his knees again, clenching his hands in his lap, over the coat.
Cas makes a muffled, unintelligible sound. Dean can feel his stubble against the side of his face. He can feel Cas's breath against his neck, warm and unsteady. He can feel Cas's heartbeat.
Corin is only a few steps into the small parking lot, half-leading, half-pulling a sagging Dean. They turn as Castiel slams the door nearly off its hinges and whips across the asphalt towards them.
Sam clears his throat, looks out at the pewter-grey sea. He doesn't think that this is the time to point out that many angels had turned out to sort of be dicks anyway. "And...uh...the soulmate thing. You never...I mean, you never had..." He can feel himself blushing. Fortunately, when he side-eyes Gadreel he sees that the angel is again staring out at into the fog-shrouded distance.
Cas shoots him another startled look. “Yes, I’ll find you after.” For a moment Dean thinks Cas is going to squeeze his shoulder, or touch his face. He wants—god, he
Dean moves without thinking, sloshing over the sodden ground and stepping over the stupid fallen tree to close the distance between them.
The woman tilts her head, looks him in the eye. "Listen, I feel for your buddy, it's cool that you're being a good friend. But you could also be one of those crazy psychos. I like all my internal organs where they are, thanks very much."
"I mean, maybe you should get some sleep," Dean slurs at him. "Take a break. You don't look so good." It's true. Chuck looks—haggard, almost. There are dark hollows under his eyes. Dean wonders if it's just from the ritual Sam cast, if it's all just the spell sapping Chuck's strength. "You gonna...stay dead, this time?"
, his face tear-streaked as well, drawn taut with pain, his eyes wide and desperate and disbelieving. Alive.
Dean clears his throat, feeling a little awkward. He has the funny feeling that the person he's about to call is watching him from just around the metaphysical corner, waiting patiently for him to make up his goddamn mind.
Abruptly the lights flicker back on. Castiel gets a brief glimpse of Dean's upturned face by lamplight, streaked with tears, eyes reddened, a beautiful flush darkening his cheeks as his gaze flits up to meet Castiel's. Then Dean quickly pulls away and rolls over, his back suddenly to Castiel and his fingers flying to the edges of the trenchcoat, pulling it more securely around himself, hiding the scars on his torso.
He thinks of Lucifer and has to suppress a shudder. He probably wouldn't even trust Cas's voice coming out of a phone, at this point.
Perturbed, Castiel holds out a hand. Dean frowns at it for a moment before slowly reaching out to take it. Castiel pulls him up to sit on the edge of the bed, before heading over to the bags he'd dropped in his haste.
"Well, maybe if you two didn't keep fucking up my revision work," Chuck seethes. "I'm trying to move
when they die, don't they?" It curls a hand into Dean's shirt and drags him close. "I don't ever want to see either of you
him occupied, too, over the next several days. He spends a good portion of the time giving the Bunker a good thorough cleaning, which is sorely needed. In fairness it hadn’t been their top priority during the literal end of the world. And there’s groceries to buy, and meals to cook, and a salt and burn a couple counties over to handle, and the new normal to adjust to.
, to obtain pardon, to regain my honor. To redeem myself in the eyes of Heaven, to be remembered as a hero and not a failure. And then..."
"You touched my wings," he says slowly. He shifts his gaze to take in his wings again, those soft colors twining with his grace. It doesn't make sense—it doesn't make
Dean reaches over and takes Cas's hand. Tangles their fingers together. "I always want you to stay."
It takes a long time to attend to Dean's wounds. The cuts left by the handcuffs ooze blood and a clear fluid, and Dean jerks in pain when Castiel touches them.
Cas pushes himself to his feet. He catches Dean's hands on the way up, pulls Dean up along with him. His fingers curl into the cuffs of Dean's sleeves, like he doesn't want to let go.
Castiel scowls in spite of himself, irritated at Dean's ever-constant stubbornness. Surprisingly, whether rejuvenated by his brief rest or simply through sheer willpower, Dean makes it—somewhat unsteadily—to the bathroom without collapsing. Castiel takes the opportunity to open one of the single-serving cartons of soup, inspect the directions, and place it in the microwave. He punches in what he thinks is the appropriate time with some trepidation; from the bathroom he hears the shower start and hopes Dean has the sense not to get the bandages wet.
Cas looks almost embarrassed. He runs his hand through his hair, tousling it even further. The ring winks in the streetlight, flashing like a tiny star. "Yes."
Either way, Cas whips his head up, and Dean gets a full-on, perfectly sunlit front-seat view to the way Cas's eyes go wide and terrified, the way his shoulders lift and his entire body goes tense under the boxy lines of the trench coat.
Corin sidles around so that he is standing behind Dean. His hand remains resting gently against Dean's face. When Dean tries to look down, Corin clucks and drags Dean's chin up again. Some kind of anger sparks in Dean's eyes at the touch, and Castiel seizes on it, evidence that Dean is not gone yet, not all the way.
“I’m fine,” he manages, embarrassment making his voice gruff. He struggles up into a sitting position. The pain might be gone, but he feels lightheaded with the nearness of it, like his brain is still trying to reconcile his healed body with the agony of one minute before. There’s still something like panic thrumming through his veins, making his breath uneven and shallow. Cas drops his other hand at last, and Dean misses the contact instantly. He can’t have this, he tries to reminds himself. Not now, not anymore.
Castiel shakes off his doubts and unlocks the door. Pushes it open. Dean's inside, slumped on the bed, watching television with a kind of hazy disinterest. He looks up when Castiel enters, scowling.
off, because if Cas doesn't want to see Dean then Dean sure as hell doesn't need to see Cas. Because Dean's always known, hasn't he, that Cas is going to leave. Whether it's by dying, or by sacrificing himself, or just by...not coming back. He's always known that Cas would never stay.
He supposes, for all that he'd fought not to give up hope throughout the last six months, he'd lost a lot of it, just as Sam had, drained away with every false lead and dead end. Maybe it makes sense, since he'd also lost the one thing he'd put his faith in over all these years.
"That's the term we use," says Gadreel. "The name of a soulmate is written in Enochian, over and over again, on the angel's wings, but it only becomes visible once the angel has met their soulmate. I've only seen it a few times; it's quite beautiful. " He cocks his head, seeming to listen to something Sam is saying, but Dean has stopped paying attention.
"It looked like—wings. Or the shadows of wings. Just before the lights went out. You looked like you had wings, for a moment."
There's a beat of silence, and then one of them—vampire or werewolf, Dean assumes, since they look otherwise ordinary—moves. Dean and Sam tense at the same time, but she only reaches for the hem of her shirt and pulls it up, showing a completely ordinary expanse of her stomach. Dean stares at her.
Dean's gaze roves past Castiel's shoulder, over the sparsely furnished room, the mattress that just yesterday had belonged to a dead person. "You know you don't—have to sleep in here."
It doesn't make sense, it's not logical, but even so Castiel can't stop the split second of knee-jerk terror that lances up his spine. "You—you want me to leave?" he chokes out unthinkingly.
." Dean looks wildly from side to side. His hands fumble suddenly at the front of Castiel's coat, pushing. "They're, they're going to come back for me—you have to go, they'll find you,
"You'll stay?" says Dean, feeling like a goddamn middle-schooler asking his crush out to the school dance. "With...with me?"
Dean, the unsteady lilt of Dean's pulse, which is so bravely dragging blood through vein and artery, dragging Dean onward towards death—
"Why'd you do it, Cas?" he says to the room at large. His voice cracks. "God fucking damn you." It strikes him that there's no God to damn anyone anymore and a strangled laugh catches in his throat. He sets the bottle on the edge of the desk. And then, because the razors are tearing at his skin, at his chest, at his heart, he picks up the chair and launches it in the direction of the whiskey glass.
He's remembering Cas's wings. The charcoal feathers, the way they'd shimmered even ragged and torn as they were, dark under the fluorescent kitchen lights.
Sam knows well enough. "You don't really feel it," he says. "Not while you don't have it. You know something's missing, you know it
“No one is all-powerful. Not even my father. And I believe...” Michael hesitates. “I believe he did not plan for this. Did not expect this. How could he? Nothing like this has happened in the history of the world, quite literally.”
"It's alright," says Castiel again. "I couldn't fly with them anyway. They didn't have much...much purpose, as it was." He tries to make himself believe the words.
—this, yeah, he could fight for this, do the daily work of untangling his tension and anger and grief, unravel his demons in their dark and spiteful corners, for a chance at keeping this.
, Cas had told him, and it cracked everything about them wide open. What is Dean supposed to do? He can’t mope around the Bunker indefinitely, trying to bury himself in chores and liquor because missing Cas is like acid gnawing through his bones. But—he thinks of Cas in the kitchen, so close and so untouchable.
There's a wrongness welling up in his chest, in his gut, in his throat. It's terrifying. It’s something huge and awful and choking and
. Cas is a celestial being forged out of grace and light and fucking starfire for all Dean knows, but he lets Dean pull him down into an embrace, lets Dean bury his face in Cas's collar and breathe in the cold scorched-prairie smell of him.
"It's ready," says Sam, who has been working instead of anxiously running his mouth, unlike Dean. Dean looks over and sees that Sam has ground a few herbs into a paste and is applying it with two fingers to the blade of a fairly substantial-looking dagger.
"You can't go, and you know it," says Dean patiently. "Someone has to be here to run the spell and you know damn well I don't have the chops."
"I'm sorry," says Castiel, flustered, aware that his realization had come off as accusatory. "I didn't mean—"
The Empty shakes him by his hair, so that his teeth rattle together. "The two of you," it hisses, "are
“I was planning on it,” Dean protests, lying out his ass. He’s not going to dive into fact that he’s pretty sure Cas has graduated from the tier of needing to associate with Dean Winchester and seems to be doing just fine with his new Death powers and cool outfit and complete inability to distinguish good coffee from shitty mud water. “There’s just a lot going on, okay? I’m still getting used to...all this. I mean, part of me is still half-expecting Chuck to...y’know, fucking pop up in in the rearview mirror or something.”
“I love you,” Cas murmurs. He hasn’t stopped threading his fingers through Dean’s hair. “I love you, I love you.”
Overlaying the silver-white is the rainbowy glimmer of a human soul. Cobalt and gold and rose-pink and deep jewel-green, it eddies alongside the currents of his grace, flaring and playing over the feathers like the corona of a tiny sun.
"Cas," Dean says hoarsely. The torchlight plays orange over his skin, and he keeps darting anxious glances over his shoulder at the silent corridor. His eyes are green and worried. He is the most beautiful thing Castiel has ever seen.
Cas comes to a halt in front of them. He glances at Michael and Jack, gives the tiniest of nods before turning to face Dean and Sam. The long black coat sways a little as he moves, the leather glimmering faintly in the radiance from the one remaining streetlight. He has a rifle tucked under his arm—a sleek, modern-looking thing, black with silver chasing. "Hello, Dean. Sam."
“More than it should have,” says Cas. “I...rushed things. Unfortunately, even with my haste, by the time I had obtained and read God’s book and returned to this plane, Chuck had already pulled you into the narrative tessellation.”
. But he looks at Cas's wings, and he can't say it, because what right does he have to take Cas's wings again? Injured or not, the wings are indelibly part of Cas—Dean can't imagine what it must have been like for Cas to have lost them when Metatron took his grace.
Dean turns around. Cas looks—different. It's the same coat, the same crooked tie, the same windswept hair and thousand-kilowatt gaze. But something's gone, and after a moment Dean realizes that it's the weariness. The heavy exhaustion that used to dog Cas like a shadow, that Dean had watched build up year by year, like a limestone deposit slowly calcifying Cas underneath the weight of a human-adjacent existence. A
“Right,” says Dean. “Well, me and Sam, we didn’t exactly get in on the whole new job thing, so we’re, you know, still concerned with the
"They weren't much to speak of anyway," he says ruefully. "Even before the Fall. A few thousand years in Heaven's dungeons don't leave much of you intact."
Dean swallows, pulls carefully off with a slow, wet sound that goes straight to his own dick. Cas's face is slack with pleasure, his eyes wide and dark and wondering. He settles a hand against Dean's jaw, thumb tracing over Dean's bottom lip. Dean turns his head, licks the pad of Cas's thumb. Bites down gently on the knuckle, listens with satisfaction as Cas makes a low, hungry sound and slides his thumb fully into Dean's mouth, then his fingers, one at a time.
set in motion. You’ve written your own fate, just as you’ve been so accustomed to writing the fate of others, all this time.”
Cas looks surprised, as if he hadn't expected that to be Dean's response. "They were damaged when Metatron cut out my grace," he says. "I got them back when I stole Theo's grace, but—stolen grace, it's like acid. It's poisoning me."
The kiss coils in him like curse or benediction or both. It burns against his mouth like a brand. If Castiel could have harbored any thoughts of giving up, of letting Dean go unchallenged into his hallowed destiny, of letting Michael use that mouth and those hands to wreak destruction on this world, he cannot do so now. Not with the memory of that kiss twining deeper and deeper into his throat, seeding itself down in his chest like an unwanted vine, making hope clench around Castiel's heart like a vise.
"Dean," Cas gasps, pulling back the barest hairsbreadth. His eyes are, if possible, even huger than before. His breath ghosts across Dean's lips; his face is wrecked, awed. "Dean, what—"
Dean’s on his feet in an instant, cursing himself for not having his gun at hand. He snatches the scimitar off its display stand and charges into the war room, only to skid to a halt at the sight of what he can only describe as a dozen honest-to-god fucking forest elves teeming around the map table with high-pitched battle cries.
Jack smiles now as he runs his fingertips along the bed frame, the desk, the chest of drawers in the corner. The stiffness is starting to bleed out of his shoulders; Sam catches him darting quick glances, half-happy and half-disbelieving, at each of them in turn.
Dean wraps his fingers around the back of Cas's neck and pulls Cas lower for another kiss. Cas nips gently at his bottom lip, sighs against Dean's mouth. Cas tastes like pine and honey; he smells like a cold night, like the air right before a storm. Dean thinks that he could do this forever, just lie here on the sun-warmed metal of his car and trace his hands over Cas's shoulders and chest and fit their mouths together like pieces of a puzzle—
Cas lunges for him, his lips meeting Dean's just as they both slip on the muddy ground and go crashing down to the forest floor. Dean grunts in pain as he lands on what seems like a tree root—he's gonna feel that tomorrow—but then gets distracted by the sensation of Cas's body on top of his and the very satisfying amount of kissing that's going on.
Rose was much taller than her wife with short cropped hair and her dress was short and black with lilac and baby blue flowers decorating down the one shoulder and along her empire waist. Kristen, who was very short-she didn't reach her wife's height even with the nine inch heels she was sporting, her dress was a light peach color with red rose pattern over it. Kristen went first with Buddy on a leash leading him up to the angels and handed Buddy to Gabriel who held to the leash, having Buddy act as his best man, and Kristen kissed first his cheek and then Castiel's before moving to the side. Next came Rose with three little harnesses holding the guinea pigs, who all had big flowers held on to their little harness and once she got to the end she gave them to Castiel to handle them before hugging him and Gabriel, she did keep Bella with her since she had a love for long haired auburn fured guinea pigs. Still she stayed with her sisters just her harness was a bit further away from each other.
In the library, Eileen and Sam have about 6 gallons of popcorn overflowing out of all of Dean’s good serving bowls and they are stringing it together on yards and yards of thread, signing at each other and snickering between kernels. The floor is a mess of tiny popcorn fragments, because Dean apparently lives with friggin' animals.
. You think you can do whatever you want, that you can fight my fingers stirring around in your little brains. But guess what? All I have to do is make you think I’m gone for good..." He mimes exaggerated jazz hands at them, palms out. "And I’m
“It was you, you know,” Dean mumbles. “That was how we broke out of the tessellation. I couldn’t stop remembering you.”
The voice is Sam’s. Dean turns in bewilderment and sees that his completely insane little brother has clambered
"Cas—" Dean stutters, and his brain doesn't seem to have the capability to articulate any additional phrases to follow. He's still crying, he registers dimly. He thinks he might not have stopped crying since he shut the bedroom door.
Dean knows he should talk to Jack too, and he will, just—not yet. The thought of Mary's death isn't the raging, festering wound it once was, but the dull ache of it is still there. Dean wants more time to probe the feeling first, search himself for latent pits of anger before he touches the subject out loud. He's done spewing poison in the heat of the moment, done saying furious things he'll going to regret later, if he can help it.
Raz catches him by the chin, forces his head back around so that he can smirk down at Castiel. He never seems to stop smiling.
Dean realizes the person yelling is him. He clamps his mouth shut, frantically sucks in air through his nose. "I—nothing. Nothing."
storyline Chuck had sunk into place around them—and hadn't that all been a lie, a trap? How far back were Chuck's webs running? A cold eddy of fear whirls in the base of his throat, and he has to swallow hard around it.
"Careful," Castiel says automatically, before he remembers that Dean can't hear him. He wraps his arm more tightly around Dean's shoulders, but Dean is already sinking back towards the ground, body wracked with tremors, feet scraping over the scuffed linoleum as he struggles to stand. Castiel frowns, thinking; he doesn't want to embarrass Dean, but he itches to get them both out of this place with its stink of blood and fear. To get Dean somewhere safe. And, too, he can hear the distant whine of sirens echoing faintly through the night, too faint for human ears to catch.
He takes Dean's shoes off, but hesitates when it comes to the rest of his clothing. Castiel has been human and he remembers sleeping being far more comfortable with fewer layers; he knows, too, that Sam and Dean prefer specific garments for sleeping when possible. But the idea of undressing Dean feels far too intimate, too fraught with peril, so Castiel quashes the impulse and moves to examine the wounds on Dean's arms. The skin around the half-healed bites—there are so
watch this. Michael may destroy Lucifer and after that in all probability the world, and there is very little that Castiel can do to change any of that. To the point, he thinks, that it likely wouldn't even make sense for him to try. And this is what Dean has chosen over everything, over Castiel.
apparently continue moving his vocal cords and also apparently doesn't know when to let well enough alone. "Guess anything can happen."
"Dean—" Sam is grey-faced, his hands shaking even harder than Dean's. "Dean, how many times—how many times have we—"
, it’s fire and light and starshine and devotion and the scent of a cold pine wind and the sweet silk heat of Cas’s mouth and Cas’s hand running up the remainder of his spine to tangle in his hair and the soft hunger of the sound Cas is making against Dean’s lips and
Raz's vessel looks a little like Dean, broad-shouldered and green-eyed, with short brown hair. It makes Castiel's heart twist in a way that has nothing to do with symbols on parchment; he has no idea where Dean is, whether he and Sam are alright, if they are any closer to finding Jack. He should be with them, helping—but instead, like an idiot, he'd gotten himself captured. While consorting with
"Yeah," Dean agrees, not caring what he's agreeing to as long as it'll involve Cas's hands on more of his body. "Yeah, Cas, please—"
It hits Dean, then, the memory surfacing like a drowned ghost from the depths. His dream of Cas, Cas’s desperate pleas for him to fight. Cas had reached him, even through those folded layers of illusion. Cas had tried to pull him out, tried to save him. And Dean had—
He caps the bottle and steps back briefly to set it on the nightstand. Dean scrubs at his eyes with the heel of his palm and squints up at Castiel, as if seeing him for the first time.
There's light, though. Barely noticeable, but present. A soft gold glow coming from the bloody wound in his side. Dean grimaces, cupping a hand briefly against his ribs. The pain is...not minimal.
, thrumming from his soul with the intensity of a drumbeat, had startled Castiel almost as much as it had unnerved him. After that first frozen instant, he'd managed to yank back his awareness. He restricted it in the way that he customarily did, so that he was only receiving what Dean was broadcasting most loudly, although a faint flicker of cobalt still shimmered through here and there.
Dean doesn't know what he'll tell Cas. Dean is, in fact, terrified by how utterly and completely he does
"You're wrong," Castiel blurts. Dean's fragmented words are slotting together, but too slowly for him to make sense of them. All he can muster at this particular juncture is an urgent need to correct this mistake, to stem the dark tide of Dean's misery.
Cas makes an aborted noise, low and unmoored in the back of his throat. “Please,” he rasps. His head drops low. His palms are pressed against the earth. “Please, Dean, if you only believe one thing, believe that I’ve always wanted to stay with you.”
"When Dad used to just—leave us alone. For weeks. I know he didn't—I know he didn't always leave enough money for you to—"
And, Dean thinks ruefully, then there's him. Dean Winchester. Edging closer to the bed in his stupid cheerleading uniform, which he didn't even have time to wash after the game today. He'd only worn it so that he'd have a better chance of getting into this dumb party, which is so jazzed on team spirit that when he, Benny and Jo all showed up in full regalia (Benny and Jo in their dorky band getups and Dean in a pleated skirt that, frankly, makes his ass look
"There's a trapdoor," whispers the girl next to him, barely into her teens judging by her tiny frame.
"Dean," Cas sighs, and Dean freezes, wondering if his frantic thoughts are slipping into inadvertent prayer. "Dean, I know what you did for me."
Dean scrubs a hand through his hair, gestures at the folded garments he has tucked under one arm. "You can—uh, you can wear some of my things in the meantime." A scarlet blush crawls up his cheeks. "Probably fit you better than Sam's shit."
He moves before he's realized what he's doing, leans forward and twists one hand into the fabric of Dean's coat—of
"I—it was there because—" Sam stutters, and falters again. He shoots Dean another wide-eyed look, and Dean realizes that he doesn't remember putting the scythe in the back seat. Doesn't even remember if it was left behind after Lucifer dusted Betty. Which—had
"It wasn't—" Castiel's hands curl into fists, despite himself. If his plan was foolish, it was still well-intentioned, and Dean's rage is unfair, it's just like Dean to
that person, not anymore, not with his soul. And Sam was soulless for a while, Dean reminds himself, and Cas was a dick for a bit, and
"So, what, this..." Dean struggles to remain sitting up. "This is just you trying to...fucking redact him out?"
Then, without any thunder or fanfare, just the continued torrential hammering of the rain, the power goes out.
me.” The words tear into him like the wendigo’s claws. “You don’t need anyone, Cas, with the power you’re running on, you’re not
Dean will go—into the labyrinth. He’ll run Chuck’s maze, if it spares the world. But not before—not if he has to leave Cas in that place.
, Dean could stare at his mouth forever—starts to curl into a smile, ever so slight. "There's no need to be rude."
They make great time heading west. Dean finally calls it for the night, parks them at a decrepit little diner advertising its daily special in faded hand-lettering. The ramshackle mundanity of it all is somehow charming, after everything they've survived. Dean turns the collar of his jacket up against the chilly air and thinks about maybe heading towards Washington. They could get a cabin by the shore. He can picture it in his head. Peaceful. Just for a couple of weeks before they get back in the saddle. The world seems to still be ticking along, in the wake of Chuck's scythe-induced disintegration, but he and Sam could use a vacation anyway.
The words have snuck out of his pocket: They’re in Dean’s mouth again. He swallows hard and they get caught in his throat. If he weren’t driving he’d wish for a bottle of something to wash ’em down. He’d savor the burn. He's made an art form of how to hold onto something that hurts you and love it anyway.
Jack shrugs. “I’m not sure. I’ll try to be better about keeping in touch, though. Time is... difficult. Small.”
His second is that this isn’t Cas. His third is that if that’s true, the universe is a mean sonofabitch.
“If I...” Cas starts, and then his forehead pinches, and he’s quiet for a while. Dean starts holding his breath. Cas speaks before Dean has to look away. “If I made pasta tonight, would you eat it?”
Fuck that. Dean kisses him again, less ferociously but more insistently, and again Cas obliges and kisses him back. “Cas,” says Dean. “You wanna talk about who changed who? You wanna talk about who does everything out of—? You’re the best person I know, and the person I...”
“Thank you,” says Jack, because damn if Cas didn’t raise a polite kid, and then Cas is pulling him into a hug with his eyes squeezed shut. Dean should look away, let them have their moment, but Cas isn’t looking, so he’s allowed to.
Cas appears behind him and the hair on Dean’s neck rises before he even hears, exhausted and happy, “Hello, Dean.”
“It’s me,” and that smile, oh, Dean’s heart is shattering a hundred times a minute and if this isn’t real, he doesn’t give a single shit, he’ll kiss the djinn that did this to him. “I’m back.”
The golden opportunity to step forward and unleash a decade’s worth of devotion and all he could come up with was
He’s spent years trying not to say it, and now Cas is giving him a backdoor, an excuse, a way to downplay this and spare everyone’s feelings.
Dean nods, feeling dazed, feeling vaguely like he’s just been given a ticket to a chocolate factory, or the keys to the place. “Okay, so... So now.”
Bargaining, huh? He can do some goddamn bargaining. Familiar territory. He should get frequent flier privileges on this shit. The lore doesn’t suggest there’s anything Dean can do about it, but fuck the lore, when’s he ever been one for going by the book? Don’t answer that. He’ll find a way. He will.
Dean researches. He doesn’t sleep. Doesn’t drink. Doesn’t speak. He does pray. Not out loud, not anymore. Sam walked in on him once, and the look he gave Dean just about scorched his flesh off in shame, even though Sam never brought it up again and looked more sympathetic than pitying. Well, if anyone’s got experience praying for lost causes, huh?
Dean’s staring at him in a way that normally he doesn’t allow himself, unless they’re fighting. This doesn’t feel like a fight. “What the hell are you talking about?”
: What an idiot. What a fucking moron, what an asshole, letting this happen, letting C— letting him d— letting him go without even telling him. A shitstain on the floor, that’s what he is.
They’re in the car, of course they are, and Sam’s back at the motel but Dean’s not thinking about him. Not really. Cas’s hair is being ruffled by the wind, and he closes his eyes against the golden-white glare of the sunlight, and Dean knows he’s supposed to be watching the road. He once died in a car crash, or nearly, so he’s supposed to be aware of basic road safety like
It’s half past three in the morning but Dean couldn’t sleep, so he’s washing and drying all the dishes in the cabinets just to have something to do. The lights are off; he’s scrubbing in the dark, but it’s not like it matters. The plates are clean anyway. He’s not gonna miss a spot.
That damn sentence. Slippery in his hands, somehow behind his teeth for the third time in an hour. It didn’t use to be this bad. Dean’s getting worse at this whole falling-for-Cas thing. Shit.
“Dean,” says Cas, like deja vu, like a million other instances, but his voice is very small and his posture’s defensive. He opens his mouth like he’s gonna say something else, and Dean crashes into him.
— but Cas pulls back and breaks the kiss, frowning a little in that Castiel trademark way, and Dean can’t really breathe.
The words, for once, won’t come to his tongue; he puts it to better use anyway and kisses Cas, fiercely, furiously, pressing him up against the sink like it’s their early days and Sam’s asleep in the other room. Dean kisses him like he’s been dreaming of for years, and Cas makes a sharp, quiet noise and finally kisses him back. Carefully, like he’s afraid this will all turn to mist in the daytime, and recklessly, like if that’s the case he wants the most of it before sunup.
When they pull apart, Jack vanishes. Dean’s life is so messed up he’s no longer surprised when people just poof into the ether. Great.
, this isn’t world-saving information, but Dean’s hanging on his every word like the words themselves feel good. Like honey dripping from Cas’s lips.
He inhales. Cas watches him, holding his breath. Dean doesn’t look away. Neither does Cas. Dean swallows and continues. “The person I care most about, alright? You have any idea what seeing you die for me did—”
Cas starts talking about pasta varieties, sauce availability, herb gardens, locally-sourced something or other, and Dean swears he’s listening, but he’s also watching himself listen. Sees himself drink in Cas’s words, and for god’s sake he’s talking about
“Sure,” Dean says, ignoring the twinge of disappointment that rises, inevitable as bile, every time Cas opens a sentence with
“Hi,” says the kid who might be sorta God now, lifting a hand in an almost-wave. “Sorry it took me so long.”
That can’t have been the end. It can’t be because he had the words in his hands and he didn’t say them and he didn’t hold them out to say
Dean’s giddy with this, with the novelty of having his hand on Cas’s waist and his full attention without shying away. “No,” he says, almost laughing, because this is so goddamn absurd and it’s probably coming up four am by now. “No, you didn’t imagine anything.”
He clings to Cas like — like he’s relying on him to pull him upwards a great distance. Like he might get dragged away at any moment. Dean wraps his arms around Cas and thinks, dimly, this’ll stop it from happening again. If it comes for him Dean’s going with him. They’re not doing this again.
Dean moves his hand to his side. His fingers collide with another set of knuckles, another palm pressed over the spot where Sam had driven the dagger into him. He looks down, tracks his gaze back up the creased line of a tan sleeve.
"I've got you," he says. Dean clutches at him as Castiel sets him down on the bed. "It's alright, Dean, I've got you, it's alright." He keeps murmuring, the words blending together into ceaseless susurration, as he shrugs out of his coat, then his jacket. The jacket, he realizes belatedly, isn't going to fit, and is too short to do much good in any case. So he slips Dean's arms through the trenchcoat sleeves, first one and then the other, sliding a palm between Dean's shoulder blades to lift them off the bed, speaking quietly all the while.
is Benny?” says Eileen, eyebrows raised. She lowers the machete—very slightly—and squints at the vampire now sauntering towards them. “Hmm. Thought he’d be taller.”
Dean locks eyes with him, squinting, and whatever his damaged retinas can process must reassure him, because he finally nods and the tension drains out of his shoulders.
"Good," says Dean. The lines around his eyes crinkle as he smiles, and then he shifts his weight forward and reaches out toward Castiel. Castiel leans toward him, turning his face upward and into Dean's touch, feeling his heart flutter bizarrely in his chest.
Dean's learned a little more about Gadreel since then. In his more irritable moments he thinks that of
wings, and Dean holds onto the edge of the table for support and gapes at them. The wings are almost completely featherless, little more than structures of slender, charred bone. If there weren't a few scraps of blackened skin and feathers clinging to the tips, Dean might have mistaken them for weird, giant skeleton arms or something.
“Merry Christmas,” Jack calls from the end of the table, where he’s suturing two mismatched halves of a gingerbread door together with far too much icing. It kicks off a chorus of returned greetings and Donna revolves on the spot with the camera, so that Dean catches a glimpse of Patience curled up by the fire with a mug and a book, Claire and Kaia snuggling on the couch and waving.
"Should I text—?" Sam finally says, hesitantly, as if he's read Dean's mind. (In fairness, Dean's thoughts are clamoring so loudly that he's surprised they aren't being broadcast in neon from his forehead.) "Cas, I mean. He hasn't—"
“How much longer till...wherever we’re heading?” says Sam. He chugs some water, the bottle tiny in his giant hand.
He's not even really speaking to Cas so much as to himself, to both of them. He feels a surge of grief so strong that it threatens to cut his knees out from under him. A thousand missed opportunities ribbon out from the life he left behind on earth, melting into the past like snow. All the ways in which he could have built a home with Cas, on earth, and never did.
He's failed, he realizes dimly. After everything, he's failed. He isn't enough, he's never been enough.
, also predictable. And oh yeah, we threw Lucifer in too, didn’t we. Really just dug that one up just to rebury it, huh?”
Sam all but kicks the passenger side door open—shoves his head and shoulders through the gap, leans out over the asphalt. Dean can hear him retching.
Dean finds himself able to speak again, though his limbs are still locked rigidly in place. “No,” he rasps, disbelieving.
He thinks he feels a presence in the back of his mind, a crawling terrible voice that pages dispassionately through the fear in his head and says,
They throw him to the floor, and the demon he'd tried to overcome pauses his string of curses long enough to stomp on his face, hard. Castiel hears a messy crunch and feels blood gushing from his nose. He rolls over onto his side so that it doesn't all run down into his mouth.
"We weren’t able to break through it, before,” says Sam. “I mean—he was slipping, we could feel it. It was harder for him to reset us, every time.”
Sam frowns, turning to look over his shoulder at where Dean is pointing, then looking back at Dean with a shrug and an expression that makes it clear Sam can't see the wings.
They walk past him toward the diner, but one pauses, drifting in his direction. She's tall, almost as tall as Dean in her heels, and she flashes him a languid smile and halts by the rear end of his truck.
Dean would probably get in his face, Castiel thinks. Dean, who never listens, would probably not be reasonable even about this
, he tells himself, but what does it matter now, anyway? His chest aches. "Sorry, man, things were so messed up in there. I think I remember some weird dreams, but...uh. Nothing specific.”
peaceful; Castiel hasn't been disturbed over the course of his stay. Dean should be asleep for several hours. He'll be as safe here as anywhere, while Castiel picks up what they need.
"You will run this rat maze over and over again," Chuck is hissing, "until your brains are slush and you're clawing each other's throats out because you can't stand the monotony."
"He'll be there," Dean cuts him off. "Jack dropped everybody back exactly where they were, Cas'll be at the Bunker."
, Dean realizes. He can remember the last time, now. Maybe—a few of the times before that. The remembrance is something huge and convoluted and terrifying, and his brain shies away from the actual number. Memory is a labyrinth that'll swallow him whole.
Sam rummages through the glove compartment, pokes a tape into the stereo. The guitar starts up, sweet and lilting and a little wistful. Then Plant’s voice, picking up softly.
“Leviathan grabbed him,” says Dean tersely. He watches Benny’s eyebrows shoot up, and his stomach turns over.
So Cas knows. He has to know. And he hasn’t said anything. Hasn’t brought it up. Hasn’t closed the distance of those scant few feet remaining between them. Hasn’t pulled Dean against him so that Dean can press his face into the side of his neck and say
A small part of him whispered its worry, the fact that he didn’t even know which Dean he was talking about.
“Love, it's okay, you can name him.” Gabriel assured and Sam glared at him, taking it as a challenge. Of course, the famous Winchester stubbornness. He loved it though, even when it was turned on him.
He then seems to snap out of it and smirks at him again, “anyway once we open you up to your full powers it will be fine. You will need to get used to it but it will work.” He then got a thoughtful look and turned to the other human. “Hmm...I wonder...” he started to walk over to Dean but before he could even get a few feet from him before Castiel was in front of him, looking particularly aggressive.
“Uh...why not you get an extra big piece and we can share?” He asked and Gabriel's eyes widened and sparkled like Sam had offered him the world.
“Gabriel?” Castiel asked as they looked at each other frowning. “Do you think Dean and Sam will know what is going on?”
“Dean! Sam! Cas! Gabe!” Violet yelled out rushing to Dean, her little brother cooing starting to crawl to them.
There was a slight disturbance in the atmosphere and suddenly Castiel and Gabriel were there with the slightest sound of flapping wings. The runes they had left behind to tell them if any supernatural beings had entered the room of their mates going off in warning.
“How long have we been together, Dean?” Dean glanced up from his tune up of Castiel's Lincoln Continental Mark V, raising an eyebrow. That was a strange question, especially since he would think that he would know exactly. Dean could name the day-June 19th-but he bet that Castiel could have told him how long they had been together down to the minute.
“Like a wild animal?” Gabriel suggested and Sam wanted to nod but as he did he realized, no, that wasn't quiet right.
“Sammy, what’s going on lollipop?” Gabriel slowly managed to stand; he was still weak, but he was able to stand. “What’s happened?”
An angel was always happiest when able to watch over their mate. Especially when said mate was vulnerable; for angles it would only be if one managed to get injured but having a human mate meant it was every night as they slumbered.
Maybe he should find the Castiel of this dimension, considering this was the dimension that the asshole was staying he might as well start now.
Looking down as the squeaking happened as Dean tried to talk to Castiel. “My apologies, I'm not giving you enough attention?” He asked as the small animal tried to pull itself up by his tie. Giving a smile he leaned down to press his lips to the top of its head.
“Yep.” Sam wasn't even surprised anymore and knowing it could take a while sighed and looked around, “you want some coffee? They'll be a while.” He said having gotten used to it seeing as neither of the two hadn't even spoken once yet they'd be a while. More then long enough for them to have a coffee break.
“Dude? What the hell?” Dean asked and finally pull his arm out of Sam's hand when he got him through the dining room and into the kitchen two rooms away from the angels. “Bitch.” He growled out before pausing thinking about it and gasped, “did Gabriel do something to you?” He demanded but Sam held his arms up shaking his head and Dean relaxed slightly.
“Won't hurt to have a second one just in case we get pulled into an extra long case, or one too far away. We might be pretty close to the dead center of America but it doesn't mean that it won't be a long drive to get to Washington or Florida or Rhode Island or anywhere else.” Gabriel pointed out and Dean sighed as now he couldn't refuse.
“Hey…come on man. It’s okay.” Dean tried to speak but Scar Castiel was beyond being taken down with some soft words. Instead he was looking down at his hands shaking slightly and Dean only knew what helped him. He pulled the scarred angel into his arms, it wasn’t a hug, not really, he was just grabbing onto him, he was just starting to hum the beginning notes to Hey Jude when there was a change; just not the kind he wanted.
“Dean come on,” Sam whispered as Bobby tried to start talking to Castiel about the last hunt that he and the hunter went on as Sam started to pull Dean away.
“You love your universe’s version of Dean, not me. What was he anyway? Why would you think that this is okay?” Castiel frowned hearing that and looked down, thinking for a moment and if Dean didn’t know any better, he would think that the scarred angel looked guilty.
And they'd be damned before they let the kids possibly be left exposed and unable to defend themselves if they needed to.
Jack hurried to the bathroom, he almost stopped to wake up Dean but decided not to considering Sam had told him Dean would be sleeping deeply, he had just finally had Dean come around, he had even told him that he was proud of him! There was no way Jack was messing that up, besides despite looking bloody Castiel had been okay, it wasn’t something they needed Dean for.
