“You might not be across the hall, but you’re gonna stay within walking distance,” she had said, and he had rolled his eyes in tame and token protest.
“Go to sleep,” he said softly, bending his neck to brush the words to Sherlock’s forehead, the skin trembling with the man’s grumble.
“Mrs. Hudson will be worried,” Sherlock muttered, flashing Lestrade a glare before turning and storming off toward the door, leaving John reeling in his wake.
Sherlock caught it too, of course, and his eyes narrowed sharply.
“The one with the acne sustained an injury in the last play and is favoring his left knee, but won’t go off because it is, as you said, your last try. Neon-Orange Boots will substitute for Unfortunate Dye-Job, and he’s still suffering the effects of the marijuana he smoked earlier; his reaction time will be mediocre at best. Too-Short Shorts has a migraine coming on, Poor Attempt at a Mohawk has a previous, ankle injury that’s bothering him, and Bad Spray Tan is bordering on an asthma attack.” He rattled it all off in one breath, folding his arms across his chest when he finished, as if daring John to question him.
John couldn’t speak, settling for shaking his head blearily, his mouth hanging open.
“Well, I’ll be damned.” Lestrade leaned against the opposite wall, his hands folded behind his back, shaking his head with an amused smile.
Sherlock swallowed. “Most of your things are already here.”
“Nice?” John scoffed, leaning forward to drop his tea onto the table. “He was eyeing you up like a piece of meat! Honestly, where is Irene even
“The what?” Sherlock snarled down at the alert on his home screen.
John didn’t know quite what to say to that, so he settled for glaring, content that, whatever Mycroft meant, it was something to be glared at.
Sherlock opened his mouth, and then closed it, swallowing down at his shoes as he shuffled them against the floor.
John’s voice spun on as Sherlock picked through the messages, hoping it went unnoticed when his eyes started drifting up as opposed to across the screen.
“What-What will be okay?” he stammered, and Molly pulled back just far enough to see his face, her eyes glassy as her palms moved to his shoulders.
‘Don’t,’ Sherlock had interjected, but John hadn’t heeded the warning, shaking his head and barreling on.
“To the flat,” Sherlock muttered, looking away from John’s widening eyes.
He looked away, unable to meet the ice in her young eyes, and equally unable to entirely dispel the shame in his gut.
!?” she shouted, rounding on her daughter. “What have I told you about skipping practice!? You’re going to get kicked off the team!”
The detective jumped, as if, even though he had been talking to John, he had also forgotten he was there. The alarm gave way to a new expression, however, something broken and desperate that struck John so deep, he thought he might now believe in souls.
“What, invested?” Sherlock asked, dropping his face to the pavement as John nodded, the trainers bought at John’s insistence scuffing along the concrete. “Maybe,” he mumbled, and John laughed, elbowing him in the arm, the pressure lingering a moment to convey an added sentiment.
much.
“I was going to say abrasive,” he replied, and John scoffed.
“In a way,” Sherlock replied, breathing through his mouth as John leaned closer to wrap the bandage around the far side of his hand, the scent of shampoo drifting up from his hair driving Sherlock to distraction. “I planned to cut myself,” he explained, muscles uncoiling as John moved back again, “just...not quite this much.”
“It’s fine,” Sherlock mumbled, trying not to be too obvious about inhaling its scent: the faux after-rain of fresh laundry and a musky sort of spice.
“I do.”
“The library.”
“Someone wanting to kill you? Boggles the mind,” Sherlock muttered, averting his eyes as he took a long drink of his seltzer.
However long Sherlock lived—and he was under no disillusions about how not-long that was likely to be—he knew just as sure as he knew Mrs. Hudson would make him try on that sweater later to see if it would fit her nephew that no one,
He stopped, his eyes scanning the empty stretch of wall in front of him. His eyebrows furrowed, and he turned back around, wondering if he had somehow passed it when a rustling sound reached his ears. Turning forward once more, he noticed a shaft of light stretching out into the corridor from somewhere around the corner and slowly stepped forward. He reached the end of the corridor, popping his head out around the wall to find a door standing ajar. Opposite the open door was another, closed one labeled “DANGER: Do Not Enter”, but John drew closer, trying to find a label on the open room.
Sherlock opened his mouth, but quickly closed it again, his eyes narrowing as he searched John’s intently.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, shaking his head with a soft smile. “Goodnight, John,” he said, closing the door on John’s answering grin.
“Mr. Watson,” a polite, male voice said, and one of the feet seemed to bob in acknowledgement. “Would you kindly get in the car? I do so hate to idle. Terrible for the environment.”
John chuckled, dropping his eyes to his shoes, and then nodded, smiling across at the girl. “Yeah,” he murmured, “yeah, you’re-you’re probably right.”
“Well, you’ll be paying for that one later, no doubt,” he warned with a pointed glance over his shoulder. “Now,” he clipped, stopping in front of a long table littered with liquor bottles and glinting canned drinks, “what’ll ya have?”
“What?” Sherlock asked, his voice shaking down the line, and John swallowed, looking frantically around, his heart rattling his ribs.
“I- What?” he murmured, swallowing in hopes of clearing his obviously defective eardrums. “A-Adorable?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“No, Mick Jagger; of course it’s me! Why have caller ID if you’re not going to look at it?”
Sherlock hadn’t taken much with him, the room looking nearly identical to the way it had for months, but it felt hollow to John, dim and grey, and even the air breathed stale, like a world shuttered away for far too long. He wrinkled his nose against it, tossing his jacket onto his bed, and then toed off his shoes, kicking them under the bed so as not to impede his path as he packed. As he carried a handful of boxers across from his dresser, he noticed a cup sitting on his desk, and he deposited the bundle of cotton onto the bed temporarily as he investigated.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, constructing a pithy response in his head when another text came through.
“Ha ha,” John replied tonelessly, and Irene grinned, moving away to fix the drink. “Just you tonight?” he asked, looking around for Craig, their other bartender who was sometimes called in to help during a rush.
“Sherlock!”
“Because we gotta get a picture,” John muttered, apparently frustrated with Sherlock’s ignorance at the obvious course of action. He moved to the black figure’s shoulder, waving Sherlock over, but Sherlock hesitated.
“You won’t,” Sherlock interrupted, shaking his head at the floor, his father’s figure shifting against the doorframe in his peripheral vision.
“Any amount of money not to finish this sentence.”
“Yes, Sherlock,” John sighed, his patience straining painfully. “Tonight. 6 o’clock. Leamington College.
“Cheers,” Sherlock muttered, more out of pride than offense, willing to show up at the party as a sugar plum fairy before he’d let Irene know she was right.
“Good thing it wasn’t a puppy, eh?” John joked, but his nerves were obvious in his voice, and even more apparent in his features when Sherlock finally could look at him, the blond smiling hesitantly as a hand mussed the hair at the back of his head.
“Like what?”
Predictably, Irene smiled, ducking her eyes to the floor. “No,” she murmured, looking at him through her lashes before properly lifting her head again. “Actually, my childhood was fine. Nothing great, but nothing traumatic either. Parents married—still married, I think—and I was an only child. My mum was one of those fancy dames, you know? With the debutante balls and afternoon tea at the club?” She rolled her eyes, and John smiled, nodding to show he understood. “Well, it’s rather anticlimactic, I’m afraid. One day, I just got tired of it. I didn’t want to wear the fancy dresses and beg for a man to make an honest woman out of me. I knew university wasn’t for me, so I just…left.” She shrugged, as if that was just what people did back in those days. “Tried more ‘honest’ work for a while, waitressing and what have you, but, as it turns out, I’m not all that great at taking orders.”
“You don’t have to settle, sweetheart; I’m right here!”
!?” he asked, apparently gobsmacked at John’s lack of reaction.
“Sherlock!”
“I don’t- OW!” Sherlock bleated, yanking his head away from the medic as the man began to prod at his skull. “What the
He smirked a little, allowing himself a moment to be smug. “Lestrade doesn’t want to make a deal if the information isn’t good. He wants me to come down and watch the interview, see if Ethan is lying or not.”
She swallowed hard, dropping her gaze. “I-I moved out,” she said, and John’s hands slipped from her shoulders in surprise. “I’m staying with Clara till the end of the year.”
“So you, er,” Lestrade began, clearing his throat and wiggling his hand in the air to indicate the more sensitive parts of the evening, “and then waited for him to fall asleep and-”
“Not even if it was awful?” John pressed, leaning forward. “I mean really ugly. Like never-speak-again, can’t-look-at-each-other, don’t-even-wanna-breathe-one-another’s-air kind of ugly.”
John nodded, scanning both ways before quickly making his turn. “Pretty much, unless one of us has to switch for some reason.”
“Ah, yes, by
He locked his phone screen to darkness, stowing it on the table in front of him as he bent an arm beneath his head, curling his legs up as he turned onto his side. Sherlock had spent many a lonely Christmas, that was for certain, but it had never been like this, never felt quite so hollow and bleak. Not since he’d met John, at least, which, now that he thought about it, was probably why Christmas felt so wrong without him.
“Oh, great,” Molly hissed, her eyes fixing on something over his shoulder, and Sherlock turned, seeing a large group of what appeared to be very young students heading toward the door. “Interviews must be over for the day. If you’re sitting in, you’d better sit fast,” she added to Sherlock, who felt rather like he was being called to his battle station, Molly’s expression turning to steel as she watched the approaching crowd, and he quirked a brow at John, who grimaced back at him.
It was a few moments of unloading pens and notebooks, intending to catch up on his blog, before he noticed Sherlock had gone quiet, and he turned to find the detective standing beside him, twirling an envelope in his hands. He blinked, startled by the sudden proximity, and was about to make a joke about bells or squeakier shoes when he noticed how nervous Sherlock looked, eyes downcast as he nibbled at the corner of his bottom lip.
“No, but I’m sure we will on the way back down,” she chuckled, smiling warmly at him. “It’s good to see you, John,” she added, soft and genuine. “We’ll have to catch up sometime. Maybe get a group together.”
“Sherlock!”
“He’s sick, isn’t he?” Mike added, and John’s terror eased out in a breath.
“Not going to the celebration, then?” Sherlock murmured, watching as one of the boys stumbled up the hill, the others pulling him upright with mocking guffaws.
“Look, just…give it a chance, alright?” Greg pleaded. “Give it…two weeks.”
“Okay,” the blond repeated, and there was a small squeak of the door beginning to close. “Don’t let Mrs. Hudson work you too hard,” he added, John’s teeth clenching as Sherlock chuckled stiffly.
.” A sigh heaved from his mouth as he shook his head at the floor. “They would never have a moment’s peace.”
“Why don’t we go back to the roommate agreement for a bit? Change of pace could help.”
His lips pursed into a line as he continued to piece together the puzzle of his emotions. Was that the basis of his reaction earlier? A possessiveness stemming from the unfamiliar feeling of friendship? Surely, he wasn’t
Sherlock glared. “I’ve never begged for mercy in my life,” he bit, and John grinned.
“Yes,” he said, as if John were somehow the one being absurd. “To get the mobile phone. Honestly, did I slip into French at some point, or-”
,” he drawled, lip curling over his teeth. “Like me, it seems. I’m Sebastian Wilkes. I was Sherlock’s roommate for a while last year,” he said, and John hated himself for betraying his surprise, but it was obvious he had as Sebastian’s grin grew. “Oh, he didn’t say? I suppose it’s not quite polite, though, is it? Talking about the old with the new.” Sebastian continuing grinning, but there was no humor in his eyes, and John was torn between pounding his head into the wall or staying polite for the sake of information, because surely Sebastian couldn’t mean…
Sherlock’s fingers hovered over the keyboard as he hesitated, considering the easy opportunity to call the whole thing off, to bail before he stumbled too far in to turn back. Just as quickly, however, he dismissed it, never one to leave a puzzle unsolved. And, besides, he still had five questions.
John could only groan, swatting one hand back toward the man’s legs while the other pulled the duvet completely off the bed to cover his face. “S’ too early,” he whimpered. “Come back later.”
They had plenty of time.
“Hey,” John said softly, fingers just grazing his, a passable accident for the public setting, “you alright?”
,” he added, tone snobbish while his expression was leery.
“But I didn’t,” he said softly, pausing a moment to allow Sherlock the chance to bolt before venturing closer. “And it’s not- You were”—he dropped his head, stopping a few feet short of Sherlock’s back, guilt prickling hot at his throat—“grieving.”
“I came,” Sherlock countered, and Lestrade continued laughing, softly nodding his head.
“I suppose it would,” John murmured, stopping with the tips of their shoes scant inches from touching.
“Come on,” she’d urged, nodding her head further down the bank, where another family of swans was bobbing for food near the shore. “I don’t think Harold would want that bread to go to waste.”
Sherlock wrinkled his nose, watching the last letters disappear around the left side of the screen.
“Sherlock?” Ethan chuckled, gaze rolling up and down his body. “Well, that certainly
Sherlock’s eyes widened. “Or to let something else out.”
“Good thing you have plenty of time to read the chapter too, then,” he snipped, and Elliot’s eyes narrowed.
“And you think this is the answer?” the woman shouted back at him, thrusting her furious face back into his. “Undoing everything you worked for? Sherlock, I remember how you were back then, and, trust me, you weren’t
“You matched a navy with a black!”
“What the-”
John frowned, prying into Sherlock’s eyes as he stepped tentatively forward. “Where
“How do you know?”
Sherlock lifted his mobile up to his face, tapping at a few buttons before his expression went suddenly soft, and he smiled, stepping as close as possible to the window before giving a single firm nod.
She opened her mouth to reply, but they were interrupted as someone flounced down into the seat in front of her.
Sherlock chuckled, shaking his head, but obliged, hastily finishing the page and unclipping it to pass up. “Thank you,” he murmured, and John grinned, flashing a wink that flipped Sherlock’s heart.
Sherlock pulled up a smile, nodding as he lifted his phone, waggling it in the air beside his shoulder. “Lestrade called,” he lied again, affecting regret. “He has a lead on those strangulations.”
Sherlock blinked, startled, his mouth popping open.
, but-but if anyone else
Lestrade gave him a doubtful look, but then leaned in further, watching Sherlock’s strokes across the screen. “What did he do? When you told him?”
He couldn’t stay here, couldn’t hide, knowing it was only a matter of time before his teammates started heading down to the locker room, unwittingly stumbling into the trap meant only for him, so he did the only thing he could, the only clear thought ringing through the panic.
And, before Sherlock could say another word, he was gone.
“Too much information.”
“That would be preferable,” Sherlock admitted, a touch of chagrin sneaking past the surly demeanor, and, though John was 97% sure he was being manipulated, there was nothing he could do to keep it from working.
“My mum’s not all that big on candles,” he replied, because he couldn’t say he didn’t trust her not to drift into a wine coma and burn the house down.
John’s head tilted, his eyebrows furrowing thoughtfully. “What do you mean? Like, on a sports team?”
“Er, yeah, sure,” John replied, gently closing the door before rounding the car, dropping into the driver’s seat just as Sherlock closed the passenger door.
John smiled, pressing the menu to the table as he folded his arms to mimic Sherlock’s posture. “I do
He scanned side-to-side along the alley, as if the man would materialize at the thought, but there was nothing there but grime and shadow. Looking ahead to the sanctuary of street, John heaved a resigned sigh, and then turned back to the fence, his fingers hooking into the chains as he braced his weight, preparing to climb.
Releasing his current book to its fellows with a heavy
“Yes,” he sighed, rolling his eyes to the sky in exasperation. “I am 130% sure I won’t be paying for any of it. 140%, if you’d like, so long as we’re talking in mathematical impossibilities.”
John opened his mouth to reply, and then stalled, deflating with a single long breath as he dropped his face to the hardwood floor. “I’m sorry,” he murmured, blinking up through his lashes, but Sherlock shook his head.
Alice giggled again, and Sherlock couldn’t even begrudge her that, his own mouth curling reluctantly.
Sherlock hung up before the beep, dialing again, but got the same result, an apparently futile effort he nevertheless continued, because it didn’t mean anything, really, John always leaving his phone in the dorm or his bag during practice. He was fine. He had to be fine.
. He supposed he could appreciate it from a purely scientific standpoint, but he didn’t much follow the plot or the characters, didn’t much care for remembering the details of every alien race that flitted across the screen. What he
had to look out for me,
“I can’t!”
“Only what you do,” he replied, and Sherlock flinched his face away, looking once again to the report in his hands.
Sherlock had gotten very good with his hands, but John had never felt anything like this, Sherlock’s tongue laving in lazy swirls as he held John in his mouth, suction tight and hot and
Interested in a new Sherlock/fandom convention in Minneapolis next summer? Mssmithlove and a glorious gang of geeks are working hard to bring one to life, so please take a hot two minutes to complete
?” His knuckles cracked into fists. “Sherlock, that- That’s
Normal. It was all so mind-numbingly normal.
“I’m not mocking you, Sherlock,” John said softly, moving with slow, unthreatening steps. “That’s not what I meant to do at all.”
“Well, yeah, but the money-”
“Oh my god, you were
Sherlock blinked, taking the half second necessary to piece together what John was referring to. “I’m not certain the team needs me,” he said down to his phone with a shrug, realizing he had automatically opened up a message to John as his ruse. “Sheffield will hardly be a difficult game, and we’re staying overnight.”
“Well,
! The closest anyone gets to mucking about is drinking red wine with fish.”
Sherlock hummed, shaking his head. He seemed to be waiting for John to say something, but John was still rattled from the butchering of his childhood—would Batman’s mask work? It was bigger, after all—so he cleared his throat and spoke. “Well, I suppose I can’t wear
“Okay,” he replied, switching the phone between his ears as he rattled loose the other sleeve, and then pulled the jacket into his lap, tracing his thumb over the felt Captain’s patch.
John stilled a moment, startled, and then relaxed, a soft huff of laughter hissing through Sherlock’s curls as he turned, lifting a hand to card through the hair.
“Perhaps she’s an aspiring accountant,” Sherlock teased, avoiding John’s glare by taking another drink.
“Who is this?” a deep voice demanded. “How did you get Mike’s phone?”
“Er, yeah, sure,” Dimmock muttered, not entirely unflushed himself as he scratched at the back of his neck. “You got anything against Italian food?”
John frowned, exchanging a curious glance with Sherlock. “Fine,” they said in tandem, and then jumped, startled by the uproar of laughter from their friends. “What?” John asked. “What’s so-”
Sherlock took a heavy swig of wine.
He blew out a trembling breath, dropping his eyes to the mattress, and then started to shuffle further toward the wall, pushing down the duvet beside him. There was only one pillow, and he pulled it to Sherlock’s side, the man pausing at the bedside to frown curiously at the gesture a moment before his face returned to impassive, and then he dropped down onto the bed, turning his back to John and pulling the duvet up over his shoulder.
“I- Er-” A message beep momentarily spared him, the most beautiful sound he had ever heard.
thinking about John undressing mere meters away, pulling white cotton over his chest and dragging it across his already tousled hair before-
“We were lucky to get even that much information,” he said, bobbing a nod down at the report, which Sherlock then closed, handing it back to him. “Nothing was supposed to survive
“Then what do you call that?”
He’d almost forgotten about Sebastian Wilkes, had practically deleted him entirely apart from the portions of their shared existence that might prove informative in some future context, and then, out of the seemingly clear blue sky, he drops down on Sherlock’s doorstep. Sherlock wasn’t buying it, not for a second. It was no coincidence that Seb had talked to Victor, and Sherlock was beginning to have his suspicions about who might have Victor in their pocket. It was far too convenient, Seb popping up right in the thick of his work on the Moriarty case, and then, of course, the nail in the coffin: the drugs.
and help us tailor-make the experience as much as possible.
Sherlock chuckled, shaking his head as he pulled at the front of his purple dress shirt to straighten it. “I told you, we have to blend in. You’re doing enough damage to our credibility wearing that jacket as it is.”
“I really appreciate this, Sherlock,” Greg said, uncharacteristically sincere, his earnest eye contact making Sherlock’s fingers fidget against his mug. “I was gonna just play the soundtrack, but she’s heard it so many times. Hell, I’ve heard it so many times,” he added with a chuckle. “I think I could conduct the whole
“It’s not poison,” came a gibe from his right, and Sherlock turned to find John smiling at him around the side of the monitor. “I mean, it’s not exactly PG Tips,” he added with a shrug, “but it probably won’t kill ya.”
from rehearsals, “seem'd Athens as a paradise to me: O, then, what graces in my love do dwell, that he hath turn'd a heaven unto a hell!”
“You did that on purpose,” he muttered, giving her head a closing ruffle, brown eyes tipping up to assure him she’d never do any such thing.
Sherlock’s stomach lurched, his throat thickening, and he swallowed, forcing a path for his required words. “Lestrade wanted to have another look through the files first,” he lied, sick at himself for the ease of it, “make sure there weren’t any more he wanted to add. He’s gonna send someone up to Langley with them sometime this week.”
have Shakespeare to butcher,” Sherlock snipped, closing the door behind them as they headed abreast down the corridor. “I’ve known the lines for weeks.”
“You speak French?” Sherlock asked, thrusting his hands into his pockets obstinately as he followed.
“Why?” he questioned, not exactly devastated that John wasn’t wooing London that night, but curious all the same.
He felt his mobile pressed against his chest, a leaden weight on his lungs.
Sherlock wriggled his toes, a token struggle, and looked up, a sneer half-formed on his face before it was drowned in the blue of John’s eyes.
“Sherlock, I’m serious,” Mike replied, uncharacteristically sharp, and the shock of it was probably the only reason Sherlock didn’t bolt. “I wouldn’t take the piss out of you like this, you know that.”
Anyway, as any of you who read my Johnloctober series know, I'm doing a 25 days of Johnlock like that as well, so I'm taking Christmas/holiday-themed prompts from all of you! In the interest of full-disclosure, I already have 47, but some of them end up doubling up, and I could always do more than 25 if a lot stuck out at me, so feel free to get your prompts in, either here or at
The words rose up again in Sherlock’s mind as he looked down at the latest message, and he bit his lip, considering. A lot of people did go to that café, and he and Molly had been there almost two hours. Anyone could have come in and heard them, or even just seen the cover of the book she had quite clearly been reading to him. It didn’t necessarily have to be a crazy person who wanted to make shoes out of his skin, and the first note had seemed sincere. Maybe Molly was right: He was horrible at knowing people were flirting with him.
“Sherlock,” she bade, extending a hand in a less formal manner, and Sherlock took it in kind. “I do hope we’ll meet again. You’re attending the Christmas Eve ball, I assume?”
me!?” he spluttered, shaking his head incredulously, and John’s face twisted into a sneer as he flicked Sherlock’s sock away, climbing back up between his knees until he could reach Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock’s laugh quickly faded against John’s lips, his hand once again lifting to rest in John’s hair, and then inadvertently tugged as one of John’s hands skimmed down his waist, fingertips barely grazing as they rolled over the point of his hip.
John looked away, focusing down at his scattered dominoes for a moment before he gave a weak nod.
John chuckled, savoring the warm drag of caffeine down his throat as he swiped out a reply.
“I was busy,” Sherlock muttered, and Lestrade scoffed.
talk about the case for a while?”
“Probably,” Sherlock answered with a shrug, turning back to the window. John watched as his eyebrows lowered, his jaw tightening. “Why, would it bother you?” he muttered stiffly, glancing back toward John out of the corner of his eye.
Sherlock chuckled, the sound practically buzzing up John’s spine. “I don’t think 25 minutes is quite long enough to forget you.”
serious about his aversion, considering the small smile playing on his lips.
Sherlock sighed, spinning on the Persian rug and tugging his fingers through his curls as he paced back a few steps. “I don’t know!” he snarled, but his voice creaked a little. “I don’t know, but I think- I think-” His arms fell limply to his sides, his lips trembling over a shaky rattle of breath. Slowly, he turned, swallowing hard, eyes blinking at the front of the desk before lifting to Mycroft’s pale face. His shoulders rolled in a helpless shrugged as he sucked in air and courage. “Mycroft,” he breathed brokenly, “I need your help.”
“Hi, you’ve reached John Watson! Obviously, I can’t come to the phone right now, but-”
“It’s the only way to be certain,” Sherlock replied, the picture of serious.
“Nope,” he replied, lips popping the consonant, and Sherlock smiled, shaking his head at the debris at John’s feet before returning to his errand. John looked back to the shelves, pushing up onto his toes as he pat across the top, but came away with only dust, clapping his hands together in front of him before wiping the rest on his jeans. He swatted a few more of the fragile display items onto the floor before moving on to the section stuffed with books, starting at the top and wriggling them out one-by-one. Leafing through each one just enough to ensure there was no hidden storage, he then dropped them on the floor, a mound of literature building at his feet, and then his eye caught on a volume shelved at the top of the next column, familiar silver script swirling over dark blue binding.
“JOHN!”
“No,” John interjected, shaking his head fiercely as Sherlock turned to look at him. “No, I- Just listen, okay?” he urged, hands lifting pleadingly. “Just for a minute, just-just this once?”
you suggest shots?”
“Lestrade!” he cried, lunging through the kitchen door and hitting a wall of already raised voices, Greg, Mycroft, and Irene facing off in the clearing between the table and fridge as Sherlock tucked himself against the counter, trying to pour water into two cups without attracting attention.
is,” he repeated, almost dazed.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “You heard me; I’m not saying it again.”
“Mrs. Hudson!”
“Echo, yes,” John snapped, his face taut with irritation, but it relaxed as he took a deep breath.  John always got rather tense before a game, but, of course, completely denied this tendency any time Sherlock mentioned it. “Why do you have the plays on your phone?” he asked, probably forgetting his original train of thought with Devon, not that he’d admit to that either.
“Sorry!” the boy called, lifting a hand, and Sherlock’s cigarette wobbled precariously in his grip, fingers trembling as his whole head filled with the frantic thunder of his heart.
Lestrade spluttered a moment, his mouth moving with nonsensical syllables of outrage. “Mycroft, you-you can’t just-”
“It goes all next weekend,” she clarified, “but the ballet is on Saturday. 7pm.”
Sherlock’s lips were parted, his eyes locked into John’s blue ones, and he could not for the life of him figure out where to look, shifting his focus from one piercing pupil to the other as John searched him for any signs of a concussion.
Sherlock’s brow creased in confusion, eyes blinking as he tilted his head. “Is it- What?” he muttered, and John sighed, more pained than exasperated.
“Yeah,” Alice agreed, looking rather sickly as she apparently exited out of the email, both of their postures relaxing. “There’s been a few weird gifts too, things left on my doorstep. I-I just-” Her voice broke, and she sucked in a breath, dropping her head. When she lifted it again, her eyes were shining. “My sister, she- We look a lot alike. If-If he-”
him!?”
John blinked at him a moment, and then laughed, nodding down at his shoes. “I did, actually,” he chuckled, “but his name was Seth, not Kevin. You?”
Sherlock nodded. “Right, well I’ll…leave you to it then,” he muttered, standing there an awkward moment longer before twisting away and making a quick retreat toward the door. He nearly had it closed behind him, and then stopped, popping his head and shoulders back in. “Er, goodnight,” he murmured, eyes shifting between John the corner of the rug he was standing on.
“Dammit, no, John! Don’t-Don’t go.”
“Naturally,” Sherlock gloated with a smug tilt of his head. “After all, I have it on fairly good authority that I’m a superhero.”
“We should come up with some sort of mnemonic device. An acronym or a song or-”
John felt Sherlock bristle behind him, but produced a cloying smile for the constable. “Look, Sally,” he began, never having used her first name before, and the popping of her mouth suggested she noticed, “I’m sure you’re having a rough go of it, what with Anderson and his fiancée moving into that nice little family flat in Dulwich”—her eyes blew out, and she took an involuntary half-step back—“but that’s no reason to take it out on us.” He then continued past her, her face seemingly frozen in shock, and Lestrade was wearing a similar expression as he hurried ahead so as not to get trod on.
“Alright, alright, save it for the judge.”
“Why didn’t you tell me?” John said, and Sherlock looked up, somewhat stunned at the tone of it, but John’s expression matched the words. He was angry, of course he was, but, mostly, he was just broken, broken and exhausted, and Sherlock considered for the first time that maybe just the lying would be enough, that it wouldn’t take drugs or murderers to drive John away, maybe he’d done it all on his own, and he twisted toward the boy on the bed, suddenly desperate.
At 8:30, they were down by the lake, Sherlock insisting on giving advice even though he knew nothing about carpentry, making him little more than a nuisance as John constructed a wooden frame for the fireworks.
Sherlock put on his most charming smile, ignoring John’s disapproving scowl as he leaned forward and held a hand out for Sarah. “It’s nice to meet you,” he said, shifting the tone of his smile just a little when Sarah started to blush. He didn’t need this getting any
“Really, Gregory, I thought you knew me better than that,” Irene interjected, shaking her head with almost motherly disappointment. “He suggested a nightcap and I drugged it. I didn’t sleep with him.”
Sherlock knew something was wrong the second he heard the first of John’s footsteps through the walls, and he froze where he perched on the edge of their bed, mobile in his hand ringing out to voicemail for the fifth time. He’d known something was amiss when he’d come back and John hadn’t been there, but, according to Mycroft, his phone was functioning, and John had seemed fine riding in the back of a cab when Mycroft had spied on him through a few security cameras, but Sherlock still had no idea what he’d been doing there, worried his paranoid delusions of John following him to Irene’s had not been quite so delusional after all. He was prepared for that, had an explanation all worked out that was both simple and believable, only lies ever requiring detail, but he could never have anticipated what was about to happen.
Their faces looked back at him, John grinning absurdly out of the screen, and yet something about the picture fell short at capturing the true splendor of that smile, the wrinkles Sherlock knew would have been at the corners of his mouth and the glint that would have been in his eyes lost in the translation into pixels. Sherlock, for his part, looked unenthused, save for a small quirk at the corner of his lips that he didn’t remember permitting to be there.
He had shed enough worthless tears.
John’s cry spun in his head, mocking him for ever daring to hope, because some people just weren’t cut out for second chances, and, as he curled his knees up in front of him, pulling down a pillow to muffle his sobs, Sherlock knew he was one of them.
Mary beamed at him, and he smiled back, glancing at Molly where she sat beside her, but it was likely too far away for either of them to be sure he saw them at all.
“I have to go,” John muttered. “Apparently,
A puff of a laugh hissed through Sherlock’s nose. “It doesn’t happen often,” he replied. “Why do you know that?”
Elliot laughed, a gnarled, breathy thing that hissed through his teeth. “Please, they’re not gonna bench me. Not this close to the final.”
He waited until Mrs. Hudson was nearly upon him, and then stepped out, appearing to be striding down the corridor and alarmed by her sudden appearance.
,” he insisted. “You have a playbook, Devon.”
“O spite! too old to be engaged to young,” Mary said, holding her paperback out in front of her where she sat cross-legged on a chair in the corner of Lindsey’s.
“Let me buy you another, then.”
about?” John demanded, the residual anger enough to make Sherlock prompt with the truth.
“Because you’re all acting weird,” Sherlock snapped, and Irene rolled her eyes.
“There ya go. Easy, now.” He lowered Sherlock to the edge of the bed, the embarrassment of sobriety beginning to burn in Sherlock’s cheeks, and he insisted on removing his own shoes and jacket, the trousers and shirt comfortable enough until he had the wherewithal to wriggle out of them. “I’m gonna grab you some more water,” John said from the door, lips twitching as Sherlock struggled to wrap the duvet around a very uncooperative leg. “You need anything else?”
“Sherlock,” he called, waggling the book in the air as the man turned, abandoning his assault on the top drawer to approach with a raised brow.
“Well, alright,” John hesitantly agreed, looking over him worriedly. “Just…text me when you get back, okay?”
“Aren’t you supposed to be in class?” he muttered.
It then got disconcertingly quiet in the observation room, and Sherlock turned, his forehead creasing as he looked over Lestrade’s smug face.
“Milady,” he obliged, Sherlock shaking his head as his mother giggled.
“Doubtful, considering no one else has,” Sherlock replied, looking around to the rest of the team loitering about.
Sherlock. He probably would have shot at anyone chasing him,” John added, getting out ahead of the inevitable issue.
think,” he drawled, planting his palms into the mattress just above Sherlock’s shoulders as he hovered over him with a smirk, “you should just sit there quietly and wait to be resuscitated.”
He didn’t have to turn around to know his father was there, standing at the base of the stairs, so he moved the opposite direction, planning to cut through the kitchen and circle back around once the man had left, but his father had anticipated the maneuver, and planted himself across the kitchen door.
“John.”
lying on the floor beneath his outstretched hand. That arm was most certainly dead, but Sherlock didn’t want to move it and risk waking him. Although, perhaps he should wake him, in case John wanted to get back to Langley before the day got away from them. How did one even go about waking someone up without being rude? And John could be having some sort of nightmare or something, so surely Sherlock shouldn’t touch him and risk falling victim to whatever monsters he was fending off in his dreams.
“It’s an important aspect of the game,” John whined, but he had said the same thing about all the other things he’d attempted to explain, so his word wasn’t worth much on the subject at this point.
John was wearing the same red jumper he’d worn the day before Christmas Eve, the day they’d gone to Hamley’s, the day he’d all-but-cornered Sherlock in his room and forced him to listen to the words he never thought he’d hear from anyone, and, while it looked exactly the same—small stain on the left shoulder and all—nothing else did. That moment at the manor felt so far from where they were now, Sherlock could almost believe it had never happened, that he’d simply watched it on TV or read it in a book and plugged he and John into the roles, because, surely, if they’d ever been there, they couldn’t have ended up here. Those were just not the same people; they couldn’t be.
“Yes,” Sherlock muttered, squinting curiously at the man. “Of course. You got Mycroft and Mrs. Hudson presents as well, did you not?”
“I can’t imagine why you would,” Sherlock snapped, folding his arms, sleeves rolled up to his elbows, “considering I believe my parting words to you were ‘If I ever see you again, dental records won’t even be of any use in identifying your body’.”
John couldn’t imagine that one boy could have made such an impact that even the housemasters were warning against him. What would someone even have to do to garner that level of a reputation?
“Oh,” Mrs. Hudson huffed, flitting a hand at him as she drew closer. “You and Sherlock, of course.” She was smiling, but John’s stomach had just fallen through the floor. “Are you finally together?”
Sherlock opened his mouth, desperate to just
“Mhmm,” John managed to mumble, smiling absentmindedly as Sherlock laughed.
“Yes, you are!” John stopped short, never getting much closer than a meter away. “You are hiding in your bedroom talking to yourself, and the sooner you realize that, the better!”
break a few of them.’
“Why did you lie about this weekend?” he challenged, and Sherlock froze, his eyes blinking once in shock before filling with panic. “I heard you,” he explained, shifting his gaze to the table past Sherlock’s shoulder. “Mrs. Hudson. The spring arts celebration. The Nutcracker,” he spat, and Sherlock winced, his eyes dropping to the ground. “Can’t imagine how you’re gonna squeeze in that chemistry meeting around the ballet, but, hey, if worst comes to worst,“—he smiled, a wry twist of his mouth—“I’m sure you can make
“For the case?” John supposed, sounding a bit more like himself.
Sherlock twisted his hands in front of him anxiously, but, thankfully, John wasn’t looking at him, his eyes focused out the double doors that Sherlock had made sure would be open upon their arrival.
“So, what other A-levels are you taking?” John asked, not wanting to leave Molly out, even though he could sense Sherlock still staring at the back of his head.
Sherlock chuckled, but nodded, looking at John through his lashes. “Alright,” he said, posture finally beginning to relax, “I just have to pack a few more things.”
“Damn,” John muttered, footsteps climbing up to the bedroom, where he would retrieve his emerald green jumper—the standard backup plan—and worn brown oxfords, which he would complain had been too cold when he got back, a lesson he never seemed to learn.
“Did you hear that?” Sherlock snapped back into the phone, and then scowled, his eyes flicking back up to John for a moment. “Well of course he’s here, where else would he be?”
of the tub, below her
me do anything!” John interjected, eyes flashing as he stepped forward, jabbing a finger down at him across the coffee table. “This was my choice, alright? Mine,” he urged, tapping his fingers to his sternum. “I knew the risks- I
“Of course it does,” Sherlock bit back with the air of someone who would probably say that about everything. “He wouldn’t have been there at all if it wasn’t for me, would likely have never even taken a job at the Yard, and you wouldn’t have been there if I hadn’t asked you to stay over break, or if I’d never started taking you on cases in the first place, or-”
There was a ruckus of cheers and applause from around the coach as Coach Powles began walking down the aisle, glancing at the jackets he revealed before tossing them to their owners. “Stamford. Richards. Price. Thompson. Watson.”
didn’t want it to be a date.”
He was older than Sherlock, probably even older than John, although not by much. He had dark brown hair cut neatly around his face, styled excessively to look like he just woke up that way, and was wearing a bright green V-neck jumper that dipped just low enough to hint at a smattering of chest hair. He was also rather drunk, what Sherlock would guess was whiskey rolling out of his mouth with every breath, and the scientist in him wanted to light a match just to see what would happen.
Even he couldn’t run on spite forever.
“I did call; you didn’t answer.”
,” he hissed, evidently repulsed, “no oral contact of any kind”. He added a pointed glance here, as if to check John understood the multiple meanings, and even the small nod John gave in response made his stomach heave, vision swimming. The last of his explanation pushed out in a rush, as if he only had one more breath left in which to impart it. “And nothing penetrative. It was all exclusively manual, and most encounters happened entirely clothed. When you’re high, it never takes much. For them, I mean. I never-” He stopped, blinking rapidly, whatever words he had planned evidently escaping.
“But I’m not
laptop setup that had migrated to the foot of the bed at some point, and Sherlock nodded, John smiling back at him as he opened the door. “There’s leftovers in the fridge,” he said, pausing halfway into the lab to turn back. “You should really try and eat again. And don’t stay in those damp clothes; you’ll catch something for sure.”
“Why don’t you sit down?” she interjected, waving a hand at the chair beside her. “Your fish is getting cold.”
Sherlock should have seen this coming.
“Oh?” John questioned. “Why not?”
“But he must know Sherlock has it,” John contested. “How would he not notice that much money disappearing?”
“What about John’s knickers?” Greg Lestrade grinned as he approached, flashing John a wink, and John rolled his eyes, but a small smile did tug at the corners of his lips.
“Plans?” Sally snorted. “What planscould you possibly-”
“Don’t worry about it,” she assured, rounding the corner, Sherlock right behind her. “It’s the least I can do.”
“Of course I’m gonna go,” he answered incredulously, shaking his head. “First official practice, remember? I can’t miss it.”
he had, but the nights Sherlock spent locked up in his lab muttering vague explanations and returned ‘goodnight’s would attest to the contrary.
Sherlock flashed him down a brief upward twitch of his lips.
A soft
It was so sentimental, he nearly cringed. For one thing, it was Christmas, snow falling outside the window he had peeled the curtains from to make John wake up faster. For another, the soft tones of cloud-shielded sunlight were skipping over John’s freckles, catching in his hair to make the blond look almost frosted, and, wow, he really was addled if he was thinking descriptions like
“He can fight Nazis all he wants, I’m still not buying the movie.” He picked up his drink, cradling it beneath his chin in preparation. “Even if it wasn’t a shameless money-grabber, it has Shia LaBeouf in it, and I can’t ever own anything with Shia LaBeouf in it.”
“Which one do you wanna start with?” he asked, holding up both books in an unseen demonstration.
“You can go sit down,” he offered, tipping his head out toward the café, and Sherlock nodded, drifting away to a spot by the window.
Grey eyes were already fixed on him, widening slightly as John’s blue caught them, and then Sherlock smiled, a sheepish twitch of half his mouth to match the faint flush on his neck.
“Well, hello there!” the proprietor said, the kindly old man Sherlock remembered from his only other visit. “How’s everyone doing today?” he asked, and they all mumbled agreeably, taking the menus he distributed. “I’ll give you a minute to look those over, but does anyone know what they’d like to drink?”
Rob smiled, and maybe it was all the time he’d been spending with Sherlock, but John thought he saw a flash of irritated impatience cross the man’s expression. “Sherlock Holmes, of course,” Rob clarified with an odd, high chuckle.
“Don’t,” she interrupted coldly, eyes flaring. “Don’t make excuses for her. I’m not a child anymore, John. I know what my mother is.”
“Well…you know.”
He willed death on him with his eyes, watching fear taint the smugness, and the stench of product wafting up from the greasy, bleach-blond hair stung Sherlock’s eyes. “I said no,” he snarled.
There was no going back now.
John laughed. He laughed so hard, his eyes watered, and people around him jumped back to stare at him with wide-eyed shock.
like repeating himself. Or perhaps he just found thick, London accents offensive. Sherlock barked an address at him, somewhere John didn’t recognize, and the car lurched forward.
Sherlock groaned, and John laughed, looping him around the elbow as he pulled him along, and Sherlock kept his arm unnaturally still as they walked, hoping John wouldn’t notice his fingers were still tangled in his coat.
He did not reply, striding briskly out of John’s sight and around the school to the now empty courtyard, and then farther still, his feet carrying him over a path long-unvisited, but never forgotten.
“Alright, alright,” John muttered, picking up the hanger of the grey shirt and holding it in front of him. “Now,” he clipped, flipping the ties over the front, “which one?”
John shrugged, smiling to himself. “Mrs. Hudson would let me in,” he replied, stepping inside, and Sherlock turned to glower at the landlady beside him, who completely ignored it.
Sherlock huffed a laugh. “I’ll be the one in the handcuffs,” he replied, prompting John into a laugh that, if going to Scotland Yard hadn’t done it, definitely made the cabbie think he was delusional. “Oh, and John?”
Siger Holmes narrowed his eyes, searching John up and down before turning his gaze to Sherlock. “I thought you were done with this,” he said icily, and Sherlock flinched, ducking his chin and turning his eyes away.
Sherlock’s lips snapped shut, his eyes narrowing. “How do you know it wasn’t a joke?” he demanded, and Mike blinked, mouth twitching as it closed. “Unless you know who sent it. But those things are supposed to be anonymous.”
John’s mouth popped open as he shook his head incredulously. “I just got
His jaw twitched, just slightly, and then he pushed past John, rushing up the stairs like John had just declared a race.
John puffed, unamused, and then slowly peeled the limb from his eyes, a twist of nausea building in his stomach. “What, er- What happened?” he asked, and the general wrecked state of his voice probably helped mask the high-pitched panic.
He lingered in the doorway a moment, searching over the familiar scene as a sudden sob threatened to claw its way up his throat, but he couldn’t do that yet, wasn’t ready to let that dam break, and instead shuffled to the sofa, collapsing down sideways on the worn leather.
He glanced over Sherlock’s face, and then twitched a small smile, leaning forward to hook his fingers into Sherlock’s jumper. He gave a small tug, and that was all the encouragement Sherlock needed, crawling up the bed to flop down at John’s side. John chuckled, slipping an arm in behind Sherlock’s neck as the detective bounced against the pillows to situate himself, finally getting comfortable settled atop John’s bicep, his head slightly turned to rest against the blond’s shoulder.
“You think he was fishing for information?”
John beamed. “Alright, then,” he replied, wrenching open the car door, but paused just before dropping into the seat, his smile softening as he cast one last glance at the dancer lingering on the step. “See ya tomorrow,” he said, and Sherlock smiled, his eyes skittering shyly back to his shoes.
“When did I- She’s a
“Hmm?”
Sherlock snorted. “The woman at the front desk is new, and quite young. It wasn’t difficult at all to convince her I was a plainclothes officer.”
John’s breathing was ragged, his fists whitening with tension, and there was a muscle protruding from his neck as he clenched his jaw, the thing Sherlock chose to focus on rather that his blazing eyes. “How- When- What
“No, I am not riding in a police car. The pictures are still circulating from last time! … Only if you confiscate all recording equipment before our arrival. … How is that ridiculous!?” Sherlock continued raving, his hair bouncing with furious shakes and rattles of his head, and John just watched him, time slipping away as he stared.
Why was he even
Was there time for one last thought? One wasted prayer?
Sherlock smiled, giving him a single, reassuring nod before they both turned their backs, heading their respective directions.
,” he elaborated as Sherlock shook his head.
you their numbers! How many do you have anyway?” she asked, turning to Molly, who smugly lifted her chin.
“Yes, you do!”
“How do people
“Three hours. It doesn’t many any sense,” he hissed, frustrated, the book sliding forgotten off his thigh as he swung his legs over the side of the bed toward John. “Ethan Carlisle doesn’t see himself as a criminal, he sees himself as a hero, doling out justice where the justice system has failed. He’s unlikely to deny his activities for long, if at all. Even with Lestrade at the helm, the interrogation shouldn’t take nearly this long.”
“Yeah, well, you left in such a hurry last night, and I didn’t get the chance to— I mean, I wanted to— I thought—” He stopped, staring down into his coffee, drawing a slow breath in through his nose before releasing it in a stretched sigh. “I like you, Sherlock,” he said, lifting his eyes, and Sherlock stared at him in disbelief, thoroughly wrong-footed by the simple sincerity, “and I’d like to go out some time. On a date.”
Sherlock scoffed, sneering across at the boy. “Last time I checked, I was perfectly capable of talking without your super-”
“Well I wasn’t suggesting
The tree probably wasn’t any smaller, but it felt that way to Sherlock, his body seeming to stretch so much higher up on the trunk than it had when he was a child, but the bark still felt the same, cold and rough against his weary head. There was a thin canopy of leaves above him this time, however, filtering the spring sun, but, if he closed his eyes and listened to the quiet of the cemetery, the leaves rustling gently in the warm breeze he could feel on his face, he could almost pretend it was only a season that had passed, only a few months instead of a decade, and he still had time to do it all over again, to do it right this time around.
“What are you doing?” Mrs. Hudson hissed, leaning backward out the doorway to peer down the hall, and John marveled at the fact that she seemed to be more concerned with someone catching Sherlock blowing things up than Sherlock blowing things up.
“No, the Pablo Neruda poem,” Sherlock snipped, patience thinning. “The one you gave me on Thursday.”
“Is that a
“And then, even if it is a closed system,” John continued, Irene promptly hitching an interested expression on her face as the blond lifted his chin, “the reverse reaction has to be significant. Otherwise, you still use the single arrow.” He tapped at another spot on the page, and then leaned back, lifting his brows at the woman. “Does that make sense?”
Sherlock nodded without understanding, his mind somewhere else entirely, still stuck to the cloud he hadn’t yet come down from, and his head lolled to the side, eyes drawn to the red digits of the clock. He registered dimly that he was dry, his trousers pulled back up and sweatshirt pulled down to meet the waistband, and he wondered when that had happened,
“Obviously,” Sherlock snapped, and John’s eyes narrowed briefly, an inherent reaction to the sharp tone.
Sherlock laughed, and John dropped his face to flash a grin, his hand moving to rake slow, tingling stripes between Sherlock’s fingertips and wrist.
“At home?”
“No.”
so long!?”
“Mycroft,” he replied, the man sparing them each one last glance before retreating, shutting the door softly behind him.
“Yeah, ya know,” Coach Powles said, looking down at John as he rocked back on his heels, “sit in on practices, watch the games, travel with us.” He shrugged his shoulders, sliding his fingers into his pockets, his thumbs tapping against his legs. “Not often ya find a talent like that,” he murmured.
Not like anyone else was going to do it.
“Sherlock, stop,” John blurted, grabbing at his hands, the pale fingers trapped within thicker, tan ones between their bodies. “You’re talking like-like this guy is something to admire, something to
“He’d like you fine too if you stopped filching test tubes,” Mike murmured around his spaghetti.
to.” His blue eyes softened with concern as they roved over Sherlock’s face, his fingers releasing their grip, and Sherlock’s whole body seemed chilled at the loss. “You don’t really believe that, do you?”
“Who are you trying to lie to right now?”
John dropped his head, swallowing again.
“Lines?” Sherlock echoed, Mycroft rolling his eyes at Mrs. Hudson’s back while she nodded.
,” she whined, petulant and grating, and John glanced back up the stairs, sure the inevitable stamping of feet would wake Sherlock from his much-needed rest.
“What about you?”
“You did before.”
“Platonically!?” John spluttered, half chuckling as he twisted his face toward him over top of a pitcher of steaming milk. “Who the hell writes
“We’ll, er- We’ll just head down to the car,” he muttered, pointing toward the stairs, allowing Mike and Mary to go ahead of him as he looked back. “Take care of yourself, Sherlock,” he said, landing a few leagues short of casual, and Sherlock smiled back with similar significance, dropping a single deep nod.
John chuckled, glancing at Sherlock before Harry directed his eye the opposite direction.
thing!”
Sherlock quirked an eyebrow. “So now I’m Mr. Darcy
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Of course you can. That’s only about 15 meters; it isn’t enough time for you to pass to anyone else, and they’ll all be caught up in the mess on the right anyway.”
Silence. Absolute silence, the kind of quiet that convinces you your heartbeat is footsteps racing toward you through the dark, and Sherlock felt a similar sort of terror as he watched the shockwave of his words roll across John’s face, leaving nothing but rubble in its wake.
“I panicked!” John bleated, catching up to him.
“What?” John snapped, his turn now to break in. “How- How do you-”
“I should hope I always have a face,” Sherlock muttered, leading the way out the door, hands in his pockets, and John narrowed his eyes at the back of his neck.
Even John knew what that meant.
“There’s a debit card in the top drawer of Mike’s dresser, probably in the back right-hand corner,” the man said, and John pulled away from the furniture, frowning at the top handle.
blush, no matter what trick of the light John thought he saw.
“Probably clouds.”
And again.
“I know.”
“I don’t have the money for a ticket home
“I was
him to do, but, as it was, he was only John Watson, and John Watson couldn’t help but lean forward, shifting his hand to tangle their fingers as his eyes flashed down to Sherlock’s parted lips.
Irene tilted her head, expression turning thoughtful. “No,” she murmured, shaking her head dimly as her eyes scanned John’s marble face. “No, you wouldn’t let me do that, would you?” Something changed then, something Sherlock couldn’t have expected. Irene turned serious, almost sad, and her posture shifted back as she recanted her offensive. “You don’t ever want to lose control again. You don’t ever want to be helpless.”
Sherlock’s heart punched clear through his spine.
Sherlock hummed, and, if it were agreeable or otherwise, John couldn’t say, the vibration of the sound sending his mind skittering back into a haze of white heat, and he just barely pulled himself back from the edge.
‘To what?’ Sherlock remembered scoffing. ‘Choke down some mediocre chicken or fish? It’s not like she asked you to
“It could be infected.”
John’s mouth had dropped open at some point in the middle, and he left it there, every bit the dry-drowning fish as his eyes blinked dazedly, shoulders slack and slouched.
Leaning against the grey-painted plaster, he breathed up at the ceiling, wig shifting as his skull moved against the wall. As his pulse returned into normal ranges, the heady panic gave way to pondering, and he blinked up into the shadows that stretched along the unlit corridor. A bubble of warmth grew beneath his sternum, pushing the corners of his mouth up, and, before he knew it, he was grinning to himself in the dark.
John sighed heavily, swallowing hard as he watched the progress of a ball being passed between two, large boys. He then nodded, and Sherlock watched as his entire demeanor changed to unyielding determination. “Right. See you,” he said with a confident flash of teeth, and then jogged away, waving to Mike as he went.
“Oh, really?” John taunted, turning toward him as he folded his arms, leaning on his right hip. “What about last week when you tried to predict my fortune cookie?”
“Mycroft, look!” he cried, rushing toward his brother, who quickly marked his page with the ribbon stitched into the binding of his book. Stopping in front of the chair, Sherlock pointed to the hat on his head, hoping his finger was roughly in line with the haphazard skull and crossbones drawn on in black marker. “It’s a pirate hat! John made it for me,” he explained, gingerly adjusting the newspaper over his curls. “He made one for him too, but his doesn’t have the skull because he wasn’t the captain.”
“No, I didn’t,” he countered with a toneless laugh. “I was
“I-I have class,” he murmured, nodding his head back toward the corner of the building, and he could see John slump in his peripheral vision, his posture defeated.
“Alright,” he whispered. “Alright.”
“Mhmm,” she hummed, taking a sip. “Could use a little sugar though.” She smiled, bobbing her head in invitation, and he sat down beside her, careful not to jostle her drink too much. “So,” she murmured around another slurp, “how’s the afterlife?”
doing this!?”
The corner of John’s mouth twitched, and he could practically feel Sherlock recognizing the familiarity of the discussion behind him. “Chemistry and English lit,” he answered.
“I wouldn’t either,” he said, lifting a shoulder as he slipped his hands into his coat pockets. “I’m extraordinarily unlikable.”
!?” Sherlock blustered, and John winced at the proximity of the shout.
Sherlock wasn’t ignorant when it came to himself. He knew his flaws, his weaknesses. He knew he had what one might call an ‘addictive personality’, but he had never dreamt it would manifest itself like this. It was one thing to crave the drugs, that was a biological reaction, a process they were created to engineer. But how could he explain John? How could he explain the jolt that flooded his system with every brush, the quickening of his heart, the rushing in his ears, the lightning that forked patterns down his spine? And, just as with the cocaine, a fix was all he thought about now, chasing higher highs in dreams that led to more than one awakening in the middle of the night.
Sherlock watched her a moment, lips still working around potential lies, but Irene’s eyes were firm again, and he finally just closed his mouth.
“Of course,” John said sincerely, thinking it best not to argue with her at the moment.
Sherlock frowned, looking to Molly and Greg, the former turning to the latter with a pointed cough.
“I’ll give it to you, though, it was
“But he was there,” John urged, but Sherlock only shook his head again.
Sherlock stared at the board in the incident room, frowning at the list of names.
“What are you- JESUS!”
“Oh, I am,” John chirped, beaming. “I don’t think you’re quite at a thousand yet.”
“I can’t eat until I solve this case!” Sherlock snarled, his hands shaking slightly as he held the photographs over his face.
“Last week,” Lestrade said simply, trying to move the conversation along. “Now, did you receive any-”
“Keep him?” John echoed. “He’s a person, not a stray dog.”
John paused in adjusting the collar of his coat, the points turned up and his hair rumpled like a haphazard dodger. “What? Why?” he spluttered, glancing to Sherlock with a frantic apprehension he couldn’t quite parse.
Sherlock might as well have skipped classes on Tuesday for all the good being there did him. He hadn’t even spent much time in any of them, excusing himself in just about every one to go to the bathroom, a euphemism for sneaking out back to smoke he didn’t think anyone was buying anymore, but he couldn’t be bothered, what was left of his pack already gone as he tried to burn away the anxiety fraying at his nerves.
He had parted amicably with Mary outside of her building, insisting on escorting her now that it was dark, and she had thanked him with a quick hug and a threat that she would know if he hadn’t been practicing come their next meeting tomorrow after her last class. And it had all been perfectly normal, not the slightest bit awkward, and John would quite possibly have entertained the thought that he had drifted off into a masochistic daydream for a minute at Lindsey’s if not for the taste of vanilla he couldn’t quite shake.
“Not tough enough, I don’t think,” he countered, giving John a firm nod, and then turned his attention to Sherlock, who seemed to have been perfectly content being invisible, but smiled politely all the same.
They were quiet a moment, John staring at the doorway while Sherlock stared at him staring at it, dropping his eyes to the table as John turned to him.
a man yesterday, watched his blood slowly pool out around him, smelled the stench of copper thicken in the air, and yet… And yet he knew, sure as he was standing here, that he wouldn’t bat an eye at doing it again, wouldn’t lose a solitary wink of sleep over that man’s death, and he drew in a deep breath, lifting his eyes away from the spot and trying not to think about how close he might be to the very monsters they worked so hard to catch.
And Sherlock…
“If you must,” he sighed, and John’s gaze roved over the ceiling, head shaking with fond frustration.
John stalled halfway through trailing chocolate over a pile of cream, a drop of syrup trembling on the tip of the nozzle as he snapped his face up to Sherlock. “Okay?” he repeated, lifting his brows, and Sherlock swallowed to stave off his throat closing as he nodded.
“Transferred this year,” John replied, curt with the obliged information. “Sherlock’s my roommate,” he added, shifting just a little further down the corridor to place himself directly in front of the laboratory door, which Green Jacket didn’t seem to paying any mind to, clearly unaware of its purpose.
“Probably,” John allowed with a dip of his head, “but sometimes people need to hear things.”
son,” John stressed, but Sherlock only hummed, rising from his chair with a coy quirk of his mouth.
do the right thing, John,” she said, thumb gently shifting back and forth in his hair, the barest hint of a touch. “You have to believe that. You did everything you could.” She smiled, tilting her head, her hand settling more firmly around the curve of his skull. “You can’t save people who don’t wanna be saved.”
“MINE!”
“No, thanks,” he said, lifting a hand as he shook his head. “I’ll just get a scotch.”
“What do people normally say?” John asked, his eyebrows furrowing.
Sherlock didn’t say anything, didn’t even move beyond his eyes following John’s progress, and, eventually, the blond slowed, coming to a stop a few feet from Sherlock with a sigh.
John hesitated in the doorway for a moment, but he supposed there was nothing for it now. He stepped inside, not entirely closing the door behind him.
Besides, John clearly preferred women, the handful of encounters with men he’d admitted to during a drinking game Sherlock had been eavesdropping on seeming to be the extent of his experience, and he certainly never
The shorter man’s face twisted, all rage and murder, and then smoothed out again before it curled into a smile that sent chills up even Moran’s hardened spine. “Wants to be difficult, does he?” he muttered, seemingly to himself. “Very well, we’ll change our approach. He’ll break eventually. You ordinary people all do in the end, crippled by your petty
Sherlock laughed in a single, loud burst before it faded into his usual chuckle. “Sometimes,” he said with a shrug, and John grinned, no doubt in his mind that that happened. “There,” Sherlock continued, his voice suddenly official, and John followed his outstretched arm in the direction it was pointing.
John snarled in frustration, gripping tightly around his mobile as he cast a dark look around the room.
Sherlock faltered, his body physically reeling a little from the onslaught of questions that flooded his brain. Home? John wanted to go home? Home to Kent? But there wasn’t anyone around, Sherlock couldn’t let him go there, not when there could still be aftereffects. Home to Langley? Well, he supposed that would be better, but not nearly as comfortable. Or did John mean his aunt’s house? Too much was swirling around Sherlock’s mind for him to expend the energy to form words, so John simply continued speaking after too-long-a-moment’s silence.
“You alright?” he asked as they waited for the lift, looking up at Sherlock’s profile.
“After ten minutes of wading through undergrads.
“Why would that matter?” Sherlock questioned, pulling his cold hand out from underneath John’s with a jerk before stuffing it into a pocket of his coat.
He was no Sherlock Holmes, not by any stretch of the imagination, but he wasn’t stupid. He could help, but not so long as Sherlock refused to need it. Or him.
“You know, I never asked,” he remarked airily, tipping his head with a mocking frown. “How do you feel about being typecast?” he quipped, chuckling as Irene shoved him hard on the arm, his steps staggering a bit before he straightened.
“I hardly think this is the time to brush up on your classic literature,” he scathed, and John rolled his eyes, flipping the book open to the storage compartment hidden in the latter half of the pages.
“Jesus,” John hissed, leaning in close to Sherlock’s face, and Sherlock’s heart stuttered in his chest, eyes blinking rapidly as John’s warm breath fanned over his skin. “Does it hurt?” he asked, but Sherlock didn’t understand at first, focused on keeping his gasp subtle as tan fingers gingerly grazed around the edge of the injury. John then pulled away, leaning back to grin broadly at him. “How many fingers am I holding up?” he joked, raising three digits, and Sherlock lifted an unamused brow. “Do you remember your name?”
John’s hand tightened where it was still caught in Sherlock’s hair, the other moving to the man’s waist to steady him, but John couldn’t tell who was anchoring whom, his fingers twisting into Sherlock’s grey t-shirt to hold him flush to his chest, holding on for dear life as Sherlock’s tongue roamed over his own.
John snapped his head up, obviously shocked, but there was an edge of shame to his face.
The residual stunned effect of the man’s emergence faded as quickly as if he had flicked a switch. “Why are you looking for him?” he asked, folding his arms as he straightened. The man was taller than him—almost everyone was, really—but that had never stopped John before, and he took one look at the man’s manicured nails and fresh, chubby face and figured it wouldn’t take much to subdue him, if it came to that.
John nodded, first at the screen, and then up at the man himself, and Sherlock laughed, slowly starting to peel away the tape as John watched, a smile growing on his face as an idea grew in his mind. Pressing the familiar number on his phone, he lifted it to his ear, watching as Sherlock abandoned the last sheet of paper to fetch his mobile from a nearby chair.
“Thank you,” John chirped, and Sherlock snorted as he finished swallowing it down. “No, drink a bit more,” John said, bobbing his head at the glass as Sherlock made to hand it back. “You have to stay hydrated.”
“Any aches and pains? Feeling at all dizzy or light-headed?” he continued playfully, and Sherlock couldn’t entirely deny the last one, but not for the reasons John meant.
Eventually, he looked to be himself again, brow twitching in and out of creases as he blinked at some unfixed point down past John’s torso.
“Here.” John was holding the tote out by the handles, half his mouth curled up. “There’s a few bags in there too,” he said as Sherlock took it, draping it atop his backpack strap, and it hit him all of a sudden, mind running through the lengthy list of things he would need.
“Um, yeah, sure,” John replied, making a mental note to ask Sherlock who Mrs. Turner was later. “Thai sounds great.”
Sherlock laughed, feet tapping together as his legs sprawled out atop the duvet.
As he drew up in front of his mailbox, he turned over his shoulder, fixing Mrs. Hudson with a pointed glare, but she only smiled at him, flicking her fingers in a small gesture of encouragement. With a roll of his eyes, he reached inside, mind spinning with puppy puns as his fingers brushed- What?
Sherlock snapped his head up, mouth dropping open as his eyes narrowed in affront. “Are you suggesting I was using you as
“But how is double-bluffing supposed to draw Moriarty out?” he asked. “If the point was to have him show himself to finish John off,” he added, waving a hand in John’s direction, “how is making him think John’s dead going to help? He’d have no reason to poke his head out of his foxhole then.”
Sherlock, however… Sherlock was unbridled, untamable, and completely unconcerned with consequences. He was the hands around your throat, the poison burning through your veins, the broken bones before the bullet, the added twist of the knife.
“Sherlock!”
“Yeah,” he answered, nodding with a small smile.
Sherlock nodded. “Murder. Woman found strangled in her flat. The sister lived with her; she’s in interrogation now.”
, you’re not,” John muttered irritably, jaw tightening as his eyes fixed on Sherlock’s, “but I didn’t exactly want to be your
Sherlock’s glare could’ve melted the ice caps, but the only thing John noticed was that he was eating his eggs.
“DON’T LIE TO ME!”
“Oh, right, I remember now! You were kind of a big deal—getting that much playing time your first year.”
“No, thanks,” Irene declined with a shake of her head. “Mike was halfway through a story, and I simply
John shrugged, looking down at the buttons of the cash register and nowhere near Sherlock. “I’m just-”
“We’ve got a big night planned, but, right now, we invite you all to eat, drink, and be irresponsibly merry! So, find your place card, pull up a chair, and enjoy this year’s
Mycroft sighed, rolling his eyes. “Really, Sherlock, I’m not going to
He considered asking someone else to take the table from him to spare himself the frustration of watching the remainder of the meal eaten in tense silence before Sherlock inevitably left with one of the only people John would genuinely strangle with his bare hands, but decided against it, a true masochist at heart.
“So?” Greg prompted, lifting his brows at him, shoulders setting in a defensive posture. “How ‘bout it?”
“Hey,” he whispered, perching on the side of the mattress as Sherlock turned his head blearily toward him, John tilting his mobile away so as not to shine directly on his face. “How ya feelin’?”
John frowned, tipping his head. “For what?”
“Hector?”
“No, but I do insist,” he replied, the glow of a streetlamp captured in his eyes as he smirked, walking toward the slowing taxi. “My grandmother would roll over in her grave if I didn’t at least offer coffee or something.”
John smiled, a faint twitch of his mouth that nevertheless rattled Sherlock’s knees, and then bobbed his head toward the back of the classroom, lifting his brows in subtle hint. His expression flattened out instantly as Mr. Robertson looked up at him, the blond nodding politely in feigned interest until the professor looked away again, and then focused once again on Sherlock. He jerked his head again, a little more forceful this time, and Sherlock blinked, startled at the picture as the pieces fell into place.
“It’s worth a try.” He shrugged, and the gesture immediately devolved into a shiver.
“Anything I can get you while I’m out?” he tossed back over his shoulder, bracing a hand against the doorframe as he shoved his socked feet back into his shoes. “Milk? Toilet roll? A moral compass?”
“It is, but the expression is American.”
“It is hardly the first time someone has implied I’m gay, John,” Sherlock said, smiling in a way he hoped was comforting. “Even Devon was wondering earlier, although I doubt he would use the same, derogatory language to convey the sentiment.”
Sherlock interjected by walking across the room and wrenching open a door on the left side, which John hadn’t even noticed due to the fact that there was a large poster of the periodic table plastered over it. “It’s much more convenient for my experiments,” he said with a shrug.
“Well,” Sherlock muttered with a wave of his hand as he brushed passed Lestrade, “in a manner of speaking. He’s not particularly luminous on his own, but it appears he serves as a very effective conduit for my brilliance.” He paced in a slow circle, staring up at the ceiling with sharp, scanning eyes. “A…conductor of light, so to speak,” he murmured with a shrug, never removing his eyes from the smooth, white plaster.
John snarled in self-exasperation, and then disappeared, Sherlock letting his facade fall as footsteps thundered to the bathroom.
John’s face fell to horrified, prompting Sherlock into another fit of laughter. “No,” he said, eyes widening as they landed on the clock. “That’s- That clock is slow.”
“And you think that’s safe?” she asked in that way that’s less a question, more of an invitation to wholeheartedly agree with the speaker’s clearly implied opinion.
Sherlock laughed without humor, and John matched it with that continually perplexing laugh of his own.
“Well,” Sherlock said, rolling his head back to John with a soft smile, “you’re not completely insufferable yourself.”
“Sherlock,” Mrs. Hudson called from within, and he reluctantly stepped across the threshold.
To his credit, John had managed to stay awake until nearly 4am, and Sherlock wondered briefly if, upon waking, he would have any recollection of Sherlock finding the right file and phoning Lestrade, considering he had continued talking to the boy’s sleeping form. Perhaps it would have permeated John’s dreams somehow, exterior stimuli seeping into the unconscious. It would make for a fascinating experiment, but, of course, that had been forbidden in the roommate agreement.
“You’re still here?” Molly bleated, blinking at him as she appeared from the back, a fresh flat of clean mugs in her arms. “Don’t you have a class at-”
He had hoped, a frailty of human conscious he had allowed himself to succumb to just this once, but there was no mistaking it now, no misinterpretation he could orchestrate with denial, because there was only one thing Carl Powers’ trainers on John’s bed could mean, and Sherlock sank to the edge of his own bed, burying his head in his hands.
“No,” he grumbled, placing the cup on the table with a sharp click, the liquid still too hot to drink. “You’re sure there’s no connection? No common coffee shop or petrol station?”
Two chapters at once because it's SHERLOCK DAY!! YAY SERIES 3!!!
somebody to hit me, but what made you stop him?”
“Yes.”
Sherlock startled, bouncing a bit in his chair as he jumped, and John knew he should wait until they were alone to have this little dust-up, but, dammit, he couldn’t just sit here and
“My throat’s not sore,” Sherlock lied, and John tipped a skeptical look at him. Sherlock pouted, shoulders wilting. “How do you
“Alright then!” John chirped, waving a hand for them to go ahead, and they continued down the pavement in pairs, Harry and Clara leading the way toward the pedestrian crossing.
Sherlock dropped his eyes, a wriggling feeling he couldn’t quite make sense of nibbling at the pit of his stomach. “I don’t know,” he mumbled, twisting his fingers together in his lap, and Mycroft chuckled softly, bending down to meet his eyes as he moved in front of him.
“A gracious host, as always,” Mycroft chided with a bob of his head. “I’ll be out of your unruly hair in a moment, Sherlock. I just wanted to have a quick word with John before I left.”
these people, Creeps R’ Us?”
“Sherlock, be quiet!” John hissed, swatting a hand at him as he sat up, leaning forward over his knees.
John chuckled in spite of his anxiety, which was waning rather quickly in the wake of the girls’ support, and found himself nodding without any real intention to.
Sherlock smiled as he nodded, an olive branch of a gesture that was not returned. “Thank you, Anderson,” he amended, his tone falling flat as he gave that endeavor up as a lost cause, but it was hard to feel wrong-footed by the initial show of indifference when Mrs. Hudson was beaming like he was the second coming, stepping out of a small cluster of people all dressed in a similar black-and-white fashion.
The screaming crowd, the frantic mutterings of his teammates, even his own pounding heartbeat vanished in the molten steel of those eyes, their unwavering fortitude leaving John with nothing but the calm certainty that, whatever Sherlock was about to say, it was immutable fact.
John laughed as he opened the door. “Come on, she’s waiting,” he said, beckoning Sherlock out into the corridor with a nod.
“Sorry, who are you, exactly? Sherlock didn’t mention anyone would be stopping by.”
“Perfectly sound assessment, but I was hoping you’d go deeper.”
“Why not?” John bristled, his back straightening.
“Hey, Mike,” he replied, yanking free the small bottle of painkillers as he rummaged in his bag for his water bottle with the opposite hand. “You not doing The Temptations tribute this year?” he asked, bobbing his head back to where the chorus was receiving raucous applause.
Sherlock blinked at him, turning to follow the gesture, and then leaned back, searching his eyes around as if stunned to see there was more to the room. “Oh…right,” he murmured, and then he cleared his throat, running a hand back through his hair and tugging down at the front of his shirt to reset himself. “Stabbing,” he added, pointing unnecessarily at the box, and then he moved back to unloading it, neck flushing anew as he avoided John’s eyes.
“Yeah,” Sherlock said, swallowing as his voice cracked, shrugging a shoulder in an attempt to salvage his faux-casual demeanor. “That- That would be...fine.”
Sherlock glared at the side of his face, knowing full well his brother would never admit to misunderstanding
Sherlock turned, looking up from his spot on the grass to where John was sitting on the bench above him. “I’m listening,” he answered, “I just don’t care about offside.”
“Shut up.”
He rallied, though, hitching up a leer and leaning forward once again, Sherlock quickly running out of room as he neared other patrons. “Come on, let me buy you a drink.”
John’s eyes fluttered wide with barely restrained horror. “But Lestrade said…after you found out I didn’t know…you didn’t want to do it anymore.”
“Why?”
The blond looked at him curiously, scanning over his face in that eerily perceptive way he sometimes had, eyes narrowing in suspicion. After a moment though, he sighed, shrugging in resignation. “Okay,” he murmured, nodding. “Okay.”
John whirled around, finding Molly too close to distract, and had just enough time to convey his absolute terror to Sherlock before she drew up to his side.
“Er,” Sherlock muttered, summoning his attention back, “do I...” He pointed to the foils, John dismissing the notion with a laugh.
“Yes!” Sherlock blustered, a little embarrassment starting to creep into the outrage, heat tickling at the collar of John’s sweatshirt.
John nodded, though it was hard to tell if he believed him or not, Sherlock’s deductive reasoning useless when it came to John Watson, or so recent circumstances would suggest. “Did you do it on purpose?” John asked, his disapproval thinly veiled in spite of a valiant effort. “Cut yourself, I mean?”
He looked to find John watching him closely, that cautiously expectant something Sherlock couldn’t place sparkling in his eyes again.
“But we had sensors on the roof.” Mycroft stepped up to Greg’s shoulder, scowling as Irene waggled a finger at him.
“Yes!” Sherlock bleated, because, however ridiculous, it was true. “The holidays aren’t as busy for hotels as you would think, and Mycroft sends a lot of business his way—visiting diplomats and the like—and I
“So, you-you never call them?” she asked, jaw dropping as John shook his head. “Why not!?” she demanded incredulously, and John shrugged, opening his mouth just as Molly chimed in.
care about your work!”
“Poor Mrs. Hudson,” he murmured, shaking his head, their landlady no doubt regretting her offer to allow them to use her washer and dryer. Not to mention the fact that, every time John took the sheets down—far more often than they ought to require fresh linens—she got horribly embarrassed, flushing scarlet and twittering on about something or other, and, no matter how many times John explained that he simply lived with a crazy person who liked to wear sheets as lounge clothes, it was clear there was nothing he could say that would ever convince her they were not having near-constant sex.
Sherlock smiled, stomach swirling with bile. “You look fine,” he said, fingers curling in a suppressed flinch as John grinned, his eyes still soft with sleep.
“Oh, alright,” John said, rattling his head at the end of a yawn. “I’ll, um… Get ready then,” he murmured, gathering duvet up in his lap, a certain unavoidable morning situation making it impossible for him to start getting ready
“I-I know it’s not fair,” Sherlock continued, shaking his head down to the floor, “assuming something like that about you, but the situation was just so similar, I guess I-”
Why he cared so much was another thing he refused to consider.
His skin prickled as he glared at her, but he dropped his eyes furiously to his phone instead of retorting, ashamed to admit he didn’t know what he would have said anyway. More for something to do than actually caring—because he didn’t care whatsoever what John had to say now that it suited his busy schedule—he opened the text message.
Kavi, Émile, and Sean retreated to the rack of foils, John moving toward one resting on a wooden bench on the perimeter of the room.
?” he asked, hand moving in a vague gesture between them, and John closed his mouth, heat rising up his neck as he looked over Sherlock’s flabbergasted expression.
“Sherlock Holmes!” Molly cried, startling him to a halt. “You are my best friend, and you are brilliant, but you are being a
“Doesn’t matter,” Sherlock muttered briskly.
“You can wear mine,” John countered, and Sherlock smiled, but still shook his head.
“Around 2,” he answered, “but I’ll probably have to stop by the lab for a while after that.”
“John, you really have to stop,” he said, remarkably in control of himself considering John’s cock was bobbing in front of his face. “I’m a virgin, not some fragile damsel in distress.”
John could feel a palpable crack fissure across his heart as he watched a dozen Sherlock Holmes’ swim in front of his mind’s eye. He wasn’t sitting on his dormitory bed anymore, he was on the playground in primary school, in a desk in the far corner of a classroom, looking out the back window of a car, on the floor between the shelves in a library, at a table in the dining hall, and always, always alone. For all his amazing powers of perception, Sherlock had no idea what to do with a friend. Surely not all his insensitivity could be attributed to that, but it explained some things, and it was enough for John to understand this.
The blond man was talking as he approached, so John remained silent as he drew up to his right side, placing the glass on the table before gently pouring the wine from the carafe. “So then
“I haven’t!” Sherlock interjected, so fervently that Lestrade leaned quickly back. “I don’t know how he knows me. The only person I ever had contact with was Victor, you know that. And even if I had lied to you, Mycroft wouldn’t have.”
“Sherlock,” John said, peeling his hands off his shoulders by the wrists, “I’m fine. Terrified,” he muttered, tipping his head, “but fine.”
“John,” Molly interjected softly, leaning forward with a gentle smile, “maybe you should go talk to him.”
His throat was tight, and he swallowed hard, blinking down at his blurring lap. Squinting his eyes together, he nodded, fighting the need for air he knew would reveal how ragged his breathing was.
She pulled away, and John felt something settle between them, a heavy shared acknowledgement that came down like a wall. Her fingers drifted away as she leaned back, resigned smile sitting sadly on her face, and John could barely look up at her from the tops of his bowed eyes. “It’s okay,” she said with a soft nod, and it was so obviously sincere, John wanted to throw up from guilt. “It’s not exactly a shock,” she chuckled, shrugging a shoulder.
“Close enough.”
Mycroft stared at him, unmoved apart from his eyebrow lifting higher. “And what, pray tell, is so urgent that it cannot wait until morning?”
“You were shot,” he whispered, every frayed fiber stretching out from the torn strip etching itself permanently into his mind.
Molly shook her head, unconcerned in spite of the snow flecking her yellow knit hat. “It’s a tradition.”
God, he’d missed this.
“That’s nice,” Alice answered, smile warm as the color began to ease back into her skin. “So, you don’t want to be a doctor anymore?” she asked as she lifted the can back to her lips.
“Did you just-”
“I’ll have a look,” he assured, lingering just long enough to catch John’s thanks before passing through the door, the lock clunking into place behind him.
! He’ll burn the place down!”
“It is
The first thing John saw was brown paper sacks held up to obscure the head and torso attached to long legs clad in tight black denim.
“More like half,” Irene grumbled, and Molly ducked her head with a blush, looking back up when Sherlock stretched his hand across the table to cover her wrist.
He had intended it to be a joke, a typical throwaway flirtatious comment, but, the longer he stared at his inbox, tapping at the screen every time it threatened to go dark, he started to wonder if he’d perhaps hit the nail on the head, if Sherlock was drafting a polite letdown text while John tapped his foot anxiously against the duvet, and, when the response finally did come in, he found he needed to take a deep breath before he could open it.
“Sounds ominous.”
“Unless you’re a poor uncultured medical student.”
He could feel eyes on the back of his neck, but he still couldn’t manage to restrain himself, teeth pinching hard at his bottom lip as he ducked his head to his lap, and then he gave up entirely, turning around to meet John’s smirk across the café.
“It’s not the uphill battle it seems. And we’ve got a great team here to help you every step of the way.”
John opened his mouth to argue, but Sherlock had apparently only paused for air.
“So it would appear,” Sherlock snipped, but Lestrade didn’t seem able to infer his reluctance to continue the conversation.
“Hmm?” Sherlock hummed, casually turning his head toward the blond.
“Why?” Sherlock asked suspiciously, but his feet were already obeying.
Sherlock was lying across the sofa, his gaze shifting between the snow gently falling outside the windows and the television. It was sometime during the wee hours of the morning, midnight having long passed, but no hint of sun yet brushing across the starlit sky, and Sherlock sighed, thumbing out yet another email on his mobile.
John twitched a smile and turned, leaving Sherlock to finally suck air into his lungs as the shorter boy riffled through his bureau. He pulled out a pair of black socks, perching on the edge of his mattress as he tugged them up his calves. He then bent down, fishing under the bed before removing a pair of grass-stained boots and thrusting his feet into them. “Ready?” he asked, brushing his shirt down his abdomen as he stood.
He frowned down at the words, their simplicity tending toward awkward in his mind, so he added a topic change.
“The closest one,” Sherlock snapped, moving to stand behind the man and marching him forward by his good shoulder.
“What?” Sherlock interjected, rattling his head perplexedly, because John couldn’t possibly think- couldn’t possibly mean-
“I’m going with you,” he simplified, glancing at John through his lashes before lifting his chin. “I need to get a better sense of your daily routine in order to know who best fits into it.”
Sherlock’s lips pulled up in a sneer at the food, and John chuckled, shaking his head.
John drew in a slow, thoughtful breath, catching wisps of Sherlock’s curls in the exhale. “When I was about 7 or so, I got invited to a birthday party for this kid in my year—Henry...something or other.” He rattled his head, and Sherlock tipped his up, John’s eyes looking past him to the wall beyond. “My mum had taken me out the weekend before to get him a present, and I’d found this Nerf gun at Argos—one of the smaller pistol ones, ya know?” He glanced down when Sherlock nodded, quirking a skeptical brow, and Sherlock’s lips twitched, blood pooling in his cheeks as he burrowed into the pillow.
Sherlock shrugged. “She did the majority of the talking.”
“They are anonymous,” Mike interjected, turning the box of hearts over in his hand, “and I don’t know for sure, I just- I have any idea, alright?” He tilted his head, eyes urging compliance without further questions, but Sherlock only further narrowed his gaze. Mike sighed, rolling his eyes to the ceiling before stepping forward, snatching Sherlock’s arm by the wrist and pressing the box of sweets into his palm. “Just take the damn thing,” he muttered, withdrawing before Sherlock could force it back on him, and Sherlock could do nothing but watch him go, mouth flapping in stunned silence.
“I can’t speak to you at all!” Sherlock retorted, hands clenching to fists at his side as he leaned up to match his father’s threatening stance. “Half the time, you can’t even
“Not Sherlock?” she added, pointing a thumb behind her.
“COME BACK HERE, YOU LITTLE-” The rest of Mr. Curtis’s shout was drowned out by another volley of gunfire, John completely exposed as he bolted for the door, but Mr. Curtis was about as good at aiming as he was getting away with murder, and John yanked on the handle just as a deafening
John looked back out the window, eyes glancing toward a puddle on the ground, the water dancing with seemingly ceaseless rain. “It’s personal,” he said, a cryptic smile hooking at his lips, but, before Sherlock could question the absurdity, the remainder of their party arrived—both damp, but only one of them incensed over it.
And then, she turned. It was only a moment, just a flicker through her eyes and a quirk of her mouth as she faced him before Sherlock had yet turned back from closing the door. It wasn’t quite a smile, wasn’t quite a grimace, but it was definitely an apology, an awkward acknowledgement of shame.
mad roommate to solve crimes with.”
“John!?” he cried, and Mycroft shot him an urgent sidelong glance from the driver’s seat.
“Don’t do that,” he echoed, prompting a twitch of John’s jaw.
“Mary, I have no idea what you’re-”
“No talking to the swans.” Mycroft moved into view around the tree, umbrella crunching against the ground one step ahead of him. “Don’t make me tell the queen on you,” he added with a mocking lift of his brows, and Sherlock spared a moment to glare at him before looking back out across the water.
“Mycroft?” Sherlock mumbled, frowning up at the figure kneeling in front of him.
“You shouldn’t smoke those, ya know.”
“Can you two finish your little domestic later? We have work to do.”
what the starting salary would be,” John added, and Sherlock opened his mouth in silent understanding, nodding down at his cup as he took the inaugural sip. “I didn’t think people did that outside of romantic comedies. Always seemed too far-fetched.”
30 minutes later, his phone rang.
“That it is.” He slotted through the gaps in Sherlock’s fingers, sliding slowly down toward his palms, and Sherlock swallowed, blinking rather more than necessary as he fought not to look at John’s lips.
“Sherlock,” Mrs. Hudson sighed, leaning inside the open, car door, “will you please get out. The man has to go.”
“I don’t know,” he muttered. “Why does anyone stay? Convenience? Habit? The crippling fear of dying alone?”
“No,” John forbade, shaking his head as Sherlock looked up, brow furrowing.
“Well, maybe if you stopped wriggling around so-”
Molly paused, the pressure on his shoulders relenting, and John peered back, finding the girl frowning thoughtfully at him. “Really?” she asked, lifting her brows as he nodded. “Hmm,” she considered, or, at least, John thought she had, but, a second later, too quickly for him to brace himself, she gave him a last almighty shove, tumbling them both through the door just as the entrance bell chimed.
“Why?”
Ethan gripped the edges of the table, his fingers turning white as his eyes sparked.
Sherlock shrugged, glass beaker of blue liquid bobbing in the air, and John only laughed harder.
His coat fell limply off his shoulders, pooling in a grey half-moon around his ankles as he stared down at the bed, blood thumping in his ears, because there, nestled in the soft folds of the blanket John claimed he hogged, was a single glittering vial, liquid rolling hypnotically within the glass. A rubber tourniquet protruded from the base of the skull, where the items had apparently been hidden, and, still inside, Sherlock could see the outline of what appeared to be a syringe, still wrapped in its sanitary plastic.
“Why did you do it!?” he exploded, spinning on the spot just shy of where the bleachers broke to open sky, and John froze where he stood about a meter away. “Why? Do you and your mates really have
Sherlock smiled, nodding as he lifted his brows. “You do that.”
Prince John was staring down at his plate, moving the parsley garnish around with the prongs of his fork, a storm cloud all but literally building over his head as static sparked through the air.
“A long time ago,” Sherlock interjected, forcing a melancholy smile to reassure the question had done no harm. “I was nine. My father passed six years later.”
Sherlock’s eyes never left the ball. “I could read her lips, and glean a general sense of your responses through her expressions and body language.”
“I bet you’re loads of fun at parties,” he added with a faint chuckle, trying to diffuse the tension at his abrupt compliment.
“For myself?”
John’s eyebrows twitched just slightly.
“Oh, John, thank god!” A petite redhead rushed forward, her neon green bra glowing from atop a black long-sleeved shirt. “Craig can’t figure out how to change the thermostat.”
“The course,” came a soft mutter from his right, and he looked to find Sherlock now avoiding his eyes.
Lestrade stopped some distance down the hall, turning and pocketing one of his hands. “You said you were Sherlock’s roommate?” he asked, his forehead furrowing, his head tilting slightly.
“Oh, thank god,” John breathed, heartrate picking up with anticipation. “I didn’t miss it.”
. It still makes people happy. It’s still love, man, LOVE IS LOVE!” she’d cried, attempting to toss her hands in the air but only chopping Sherlock in the throat, and then they were all on the floor, pissed and laughing at the sheer dumb luck of it all.
“He was stealing from you, Mum,” John said, a gentle reminder forced through gritted teeth.
Sherlock stared at him a moment, eyes scanning in a single shrewd sweep across John’s face, and then burst into laughter, throwing his skull back against the headrest. “You don’t live anywhere
” He lifted his hands helplessly, letting them flop back onto the blanket with an appropriately pathetic
John laughed down at his knees for a moment before looking back up at Sherlock, shaking his head as he smiled. “No, you wouldn’t do anything that would
“With chips,” John confirmed, pulling open the door of the cab and lowering him inside, hand pressing into his hair to keep his head from hitting the doorframe. “Baker Street,” he called up to the cabbie, dropping down beside Sherlock. “221.”
Interested in a new Sherlock/fandom convention in Minneapolis next summer? Mssmithlove and a glorious gang of geeks are working hard to bring one to life, so please take a hot two minutes to complete
“Must be,” Sherlock replied, voice still a little breathless even if his face was composed.
“Don’t worry, dear,” she assured, patting Sherlock on the cheek as she passed. “He means nothing to me.” She flashed a wink at John over Sherlock’s shoulder, and then disappeared, Sherlock shaking his head after her as her footsteps moved into the living room.
Molly chuckled, all awkwardness crumbling with the soft sound. “Okay then! I’ve just got to pay for these and then we can go,” she said, lifting the notebooks in her hands as she turned and headed toward the counter.
John’s eyes snapped to slits. “Sherlock.”
“Well, what are you waiting for!?” she urged, swatting her hands at him. “Get out there!”
“I know that too,” Mycroft interrupted, stretching a hand out toward Sherlock’s shoulder before stopping and hesitantly withdrawing it back to his side. “All I’m saying is: Be careful.”
“She can drive?” John asked, frowning at the age difference as he pressed himself flat against the door to let Harry past.
, and Sherlock laughed, shaking his head at the absurdity.
“Did you see that?” John breathed, tapping his shoulder lightly with the backs of his fingers. “A gummy bear. Can you believe it? A gummy bear!”
“That’s when Lestrade will be getting here with the files,” Sherlock replied, as if that settled the matter, but John wasn’t exactly sure what was supposed to be settled.
“A minute, tops.”
“A more useful one than Anderson,” Sherlock answered with bitter sarcasm, and the man sneered at him over Lestrade’s shoulder.
John couldn’t possibly be enjoying something so pedestrian. He would much rather be discussing rates of decomposition over that coffee, it was obvious. The fact that such a discussion would be happening with Sherlock across that table instead of Mary was an avenue Sherlock firmly did
,” she stressed, “I was thinking psychology.”
Slowly, he lifted his eyes back to the boy’s face, huffing an incredulous laugh as he adjusted the strap of his bag on his shoulder. “Right,” he muttered with a flick of his brows, “sure they are.”
“It’s all covered,” Sherlock assured, his head shaking shifting to nodding. “Room, room service, pay-per-view. Although, I’d rather
“I WAS IN A WATERSTONES!”
“Sherlock!”
“So, how’s it coming?” Mike asked, draining the last of his 7-Up with a great slurp. “Still have a dorm room?”
“How did you get my phone?” John exclaimed, grabbing at it, but Sherlock tugged it out of reach as he dialed. John sighed, shaking his head. In all honesty, the only thing that surprised him about it was that he wasn’t surprised.
“Maybe he would have taken the drugs if you’d been able to keep it in your pants.”
“Wait, I-I didn’t mean-”
He looked up when he’d finished, gaze flitting across the students to find someone checking their phone, but Irene kicked at his ankle with a heel, cutting the search short.
? I’ll be demolished! And this is our last tackle, if we don’t score on this run-”
anything.”
“You’re an idiot.”
“First or second year?”
“Thanks for helping, Aunt Claire,” he said, stretching forward to give her an awkward, one-armed hug.
This was important to John—for whatever ridiculous, sentimental reason—and Sherlock, eternally weak against anything John Watson wanted, only managed to sigh. “Fine,” he grumbled, but couldn’t manage to feel as annoyed as he sounded when those damned blue eyes lit up like that. He rolled his eyes, a final gesture of defiance, and then closed them, turning his attention instead to listening. Without anything to go on, however, it was difficult to interpret the sounds—a sort of rustling rattle that shifted into the room with John’s steps.
Irene laughed, uncrossing her smug arms as she approached. “What, and miss the show?” she teased, slinging an arm around his shoulder as they turned to walk toward the school. “Never,” she urged, rattling him slightly as she pulled him in tighter to her side, and Sherlock laughed, relishing a feeling he’d almost forgotten as it bubbled up warm in his chest.
“Do it yourself,” he replied, mimicking the man’s intonation, and then made to turn away, an effort cut off by a sharp twist on his wrist.
Mike chuckled, his cheeks turning almost the shade of her dress. “My apologies, Your Majesty. It has indeed been too long.”
“No idea?” John repeated, tilting his head at the book still covering his roommate’s face. “How can you not know? Classes start in 10 minutes.”
When he reached the hinge of Sherlock’s wrist, he shifted his grip slightly, stretching his thumb to sweep over the blue veins, but stopped when he felt the skin twitch under his touch, assuming it was an overture to Sherlock withdrawing. Sherlock didn’t move, however, and, after a moment and a frown, John pieced together why, pressing his thumb firmer into the skin to confirm his suspicion.
“For what I was supposed to say when they came to the door,” she explained, and Sherlock quirked a brow, looking over her shoulder to Mycroft.
“You- And you don’t mind?” Sherlock turned to him, continuing the far-too-human thing as he looked earnestly over John’s face, not even a small attempt to shield the fearful hope in his eyes.
After relaying the couple’s sentiments to the chef, he hovered just outside the kitchen, not quite willing to admit to himself he was hiding, but he couldn’t come up with another word for it.
Sherlock nodded, speech light years beyond him at the moment, and reached for the Dettol, too lazy to bother rewashing the wound. With his unmarred hand and only minor difficulty, he unscrewed the cap, squirting a dollop onto the center of the wound before rubbing it over the surface with a gentle index finger, and then tugged open one of the gauze packages with his teeth, taking care not to contaminate the pad inside as he lifted it free and pressed it to the ointment on his palm. The tape was next, necessary to secure the gauze pad, and he was just putting together a plan a Cirque du Soleil contortionist would be proud of when John moved from where he’d been pretending not to watch by the window, hovering at the arm of the sofa some three feet to Sherlock’s right.
He shifted, making sure his face wasn’t visible to Sherlock, who John was practically on top of now, him leaning off the sofa as Sherlock knelt beside it. “No I- Ow, ow, ow!” He hissed, gripping his left shoulder, the one attached to the arm Sherlock seemed not to have noticed he was manhandling.
“Alright,” John said, shrugging as he folded his arms, “doesn’t sound too hard. Where does she work?”
“Were you closer before?”
“What, right now?” Sherlock replied, blinking with feigned innocence. “Phew, that’s convenient! I was thinking I’d have to suffer through this lecture first!”
The body was gone, thank goodness—he wasn’t sure he was quite ready for a gunshot to the head yet—but the bloodstained tub remained. The water had been drained, but the inside was still slightly stained, and there was a large patch of blood running down into the basin from a spot on the opposite rim of the tub where her head must have rested. The floor on the far side probably looked considerably worse, and John was grateful the entrance hadn’t been over there.
“I broke my arm when I was six,” he tried again, and it appeared to be a hit, Sherlock’s brow furrowed curiously when John turned to him. “Well, fractured, technically,” he added, tipping his head. “Fell out of a window at my aunt’s house.”
“Well,
John tried not to be too disappointed he had tucked his shirt back in.
John, however, had no such a problem, and a mist of snow showered over Sherlock’s face as a snowball collided with the tree trunk behind his head. “You should’ve thought of that
!” John joked, and Ben chuckled.
“Yeah, well, you owed me money,” Kavi replied, and even Sherlock got to laugh at that one, Émile giving up on finding his photos with a muttered curse and oath to hunt them down later as John called the assembly to order.
“Well,” John chirped, flashing up a smile, “this feels weirdly mature.”
Grey eyes dropped to his, Sherlock’s laughter fading to a shy smile before his gaze moved to his trainers. “I, er- I suppose we should-” he murmured, trailing away with a vague gesture out at the car park, and John rattled his head, drawing himself back to the moment.
John wasn’t entirely aware he was awake until he heard his own waking inhale, slowly releasing the groggy hiss of air as he blinked at the window across the room. The moonlight was fading, a sure sign that dawn was creeping in, and the snow softly falling past the panes of glass was now barely illuminated, much different than what was likely a few hours ago, when he had forced himself to sleep watching the snowflakes flit down. He closed his eyes, turning his face into the pillow as he sighed, his breath clinging hot to the cotton of the pillowcase beneath him, and curled his legs up a little tighter to his body. The moment after, however, he stiffened, eyes snapping open, the prickling sensation of someone watching him tugging at the hairs on the back of his neck. Turning slowly even as his heart rate quickened, he craned his neck around behind him, searching for the source of his uneasiness.
“Yeah, but I said that,” John continued quickly, and Sherlock’s eyes narrowed at the man’s smirk.
His mother’s reply was muffled by distance, but he let several seconds of silence play out before flipping the lightswitch on the wall, blinking as John hissed.
Mike dropped his face with a small sigh, taking in a breath as he sucked his lips over his teeth, and, when he lifted his eyes back to John’s, John was suddenly 12 years old again, crying in his back garden with his best friend’s arm slung around his shoulder. Mike had been the only one there then, the only one to tell him everything would be okay after his father left them, and he was just as sure and solid now, staring across at John with steady knowing.
Interested in a new Sherlock/fandom convention in Minneapolis next summer? Mssmithlove and a glorious gang of geeks are working hard to bring one to life, so please take a hot two minutes to complete
“Good work out there, Watson,” Coach Powles called, nodding over his clipboard as John walked past, wiping his forehead with a small, white towel.
“Coffee, then.”
“That’s hardly sad. Melodramatic, perhaps, but not-”
The stretch between half-term and Christmas was always the worst as far as John was concerned. No one, not even the professors, felt like doing much of anything after coming back from break, and it didn’t help that Christmas started, as always, the day after Halloween. Or, rather, the day after Guy Fawke’s Day, which happened to fall on a Tuesday this year, something everyone was unreasonably upset about.
“Sent him?” John questioned, taking the folder from Sherlock’s absolutely-not-trembling hands. “What do you mean
“Yeah, but we had to talk in Shakespeare all afternoon,” he said, and Sherlock groaned.
“Yes,” he drawled, “but the
Ceramic fragmented across the linoleum, spraying out under the table and fridge, and Sherlock looked frantically between the mess and his guests, the picture of flustered horror. “I- Sorry, I- Sometimes the soap doesn’t wash off completely,” he muttered, dropping down to the floor to begin collecting shards. “Leaves a terribly slippery- Ah!” The glass clattered from his hand as he recoiled, leaning back against the counter, his bleeding right palm cradled in the opposite one, and Molly was instantly at his side, hoisting him to his feet while Mike and Mary drew up close behind her.
“What’ve we got?” he clipped, grabbing a pair of plastic gloves from one of the technicians near the door, and Anderson appeared in the doorway of the woman’s bedroom, begrudgingly filling him in.
“John, do not leave that dormitory,” Mycroft interjected, and John’s eyes pinched shut, a stiff swallow moving down his throat. “The people I have onsite are coming to you now, and I have a full team on the way. We have a plan for this; we know what we’re doing.”
“Sorry,” John muttered, backing up against the opposite wall to give her some space. “I-I was looking for my room.”
to John.
“John,” Sherlock breathed, ducking his chin, and he could feel the change in the air, John falling silent and completely still, “I- What if it’s not enough?”
moving from its rightful place—his eyelids fluttering as he rolled onto his back, a hand worming up from under the blanket to wipe over his face. Blearily, he opened his eyes, blinking as he oriented himself to consciousness, and then, as if he had been expecting the intrusion, the blue irises locked to Sherlock’s face. John shook his head, lolling back to the pillow. “Yeah, we need to have a talk,” he sighed, but he was smiling as he hinged his neck back up.
Sherlock nodded, twisting at the cuffs of John’s hoodie, his thumbs finding frayed holes already worn in the cotton. “Yeah, er, fine,” he muttered, and John nodded, holding the menu open with one hand while lifting his mobile with the other.
“Why didn’t you mention this earlier?” John snapped, turning back to glare at his roommate. “I’ve been showering in those god-awful stalls, and you had a private bathroom!?” His eyes narrowed, his glance flicking back into the bathroom for a moment. “It is…safe, isn’t it?”
“Your part is much bigger than that, I’m afraid,” Mrs. Hudson said with a rueful smile, and then moved the conversation swiftly on. “I heard you met the three musketeers this morning.”
,” Sherlock argued, and Mrs. Watson laughed, pulling him in for a tight hug.
John chuckled, shaking his head. “No, Redbeard.”
“You should be.”
As much as he hoped it was a forgone conclusion, he wasn’t quite so ignorant to social customs to think he could get away with not formally asking John to move in with him. They’d never talked about it—not specifically, at least—but the fact that they’d both be attending university in London had come up, and Sherlock had made it abundantly clear with his forged application maneuver that he wanted John to stay close. Still, staying
“I’m currently putting together files on all the new hires, everyone added in the last couple years, but it’s gonna take some time ‘cause I gotta do it myself. Don’t know who else to trust,” Lestrade muttered, plucking a pair of earmuffs from underneath the ledge.
“I want cash, Mycroft,” Mrs. Hudson said, pointing a stern finger down at the man. “None of that check nonsense. For all I know, it could bounce, and
Sherlock didn’t speak, didn’t look like he was even capable of it. He simply watched John, blinking slowly as the tension in his body gradually unwound. “You’re-” he began, and then paused, looking down to where his fingers tugged and twisted at the side seam of his trousers. “You’re not…leaving?”
“I could’ve moved them,” he said, dropping into the seat. “Or read them. Never a bad time to brush up on organic chemistry.”
“-but I had the teeth already, so I figured I might as well.”
John blinked, the motion just slightly slower than normal, and that brief flicker of hazy intent brought the reality of the situation back to Sherlock with a rush of heavy panic.
“Gaze longingly out the window and sigh,” she snapped, and John rolled his eyes. “Honestly, it’s like watching a casting call for a Jane Austen adaptation. Every Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday, you turn into Elizabeth Bennet.”
“Before you wake Mrs. Hudson, then,” he muttered, hanging on to John with one hand while his other rummaged in his pocket for the keys.
“Like-Like how you did with the episodes where you disagreed with the science,” John added, waving a hand at the TV.
“The eternal question asked yet again,” John mused, and Molly laughed, John smiling at her over his shoulder before returning to the best part of his job.
in the morning.”
“What?” Sherlock murmured, meeting John’s horrified gaze, and then remembered the bruise around his eye, purple topped off by a swollen red cut at the edge of his eyebrow. “Oh,” he said, lifting a hand to graze over the wound, “nothing, I-I tripped.” He forced a frail self-deprecating smile, shrugging a shoulder as he swallowed down at the present still in his hand. “Slipped on the stairs. Hit my head on the banister.”
“Because you’d never let
hand,” Sherlock ranted, gesticulating more and more wildly with every example.
“No,” John said firmly, watching the PC’s chuckle die in her throat. “Don’t intend to, either.”
John’s megawatt grin could’ve lit up the city. “Same time,” he agreed, head high as he turned and started for the tent.
“With everyone but me,” the blond concluded, and Sherlock dropped his shoulders, unamused. “I’ve known you too long.”
He looked stranded, desperate, terrified, his wide eyes glinting like struck flint in the dark, and John froze, his mouth running dry as his body began to buzz at every point of contact he hadn’t even realized they had—a graze of a knee here, a tip of a toe there—and, all the while, Sherlock’s pulse pounded on, flinging itself against John’s fingers like a caged bird beats on its bars.
It only got worse from there—or maybe better, Sherlock wasn’t thinking clearly enough to tell—and, before long, he had dissolved into a twitching pile of nonsensical mumbling, his lips useless whenever John’s found them. At the moment, however, John was at the base of his neck, latching suddenly onto a collarbone and sucking at the skin in tandem with a particularly firm sweep over the tip of Sherlock’s cock, which twitched as Sherlock gasped, lights blinking in front of his eyes as John’s hand smeared the leaking liquid down the shaft.
“I- Considering it was probable that I would be in attendance at some future rugby match,” he began, John’s lips trembling with quelled mirth as Sherlock’s cheeked darkened, grey eyes pointedly averted as his hands rolled and flitted through the air in jagged gesticulations, “it seemed sagacious to glean a better understanding of the mechanics of the game. So, I-I was researching it a bit, and I don’t- There’s one thing I don’t quite understand.” He turned as the microwave chimed behind him, allowing John a moment to smirk at the pink back of his neck. “How does offside work?” he asked, popping open the steaming bag, and John chuckled, shaking his head as he held out one of the small bags to be filled.
“Sherlock!” he blurted, and, if he’d sounded any less desperate, anything close to normal, Sherlock would have been able to keep going. “You have to understand!”
“Welcome!” he greeted as they reached the ground floor, nodding to Sherlock as he took Molly’s roller bag from her hand, grin crinkling his eyes as it stretched. “How was your flight?” he asked, barely glancing at Sherlock to include him in the question, so he only hummed, letting them walk ahead toward the baggage carousel.
“They keep yelling ‘Demetrius’ and following me out of rooms,” he snapped, and John laughed, standing up as Sherlock sighed, flopping down on their combined beds and slinging an arm over his eyes. The mattress moved beneath him, the back of his neck tingling with awareness of John’s approach, and he shuffled to the side, lifting his head to pillow it on John’s thigh.
“But we have a game later,” he whined. “How am I supposed to consult if I’m falling asleep?”
“It was
“He’s certainly much louder today,” Tom Kenley muttered, tugging on his number 9 jersey as he threw his bag into the locker to John’s left. He was small, just the right build and speed necessary for his position as a scrum-half, with flaming red hair and neon-blue laces on his black boots.
“So some people get into this whole goodwill toward men thing.”
to see him? I don’t want to lie any more than I already have. And it wouldn’t work anyway,” he added, folding his arms as he leaned a hip against the counter. “He’d know. I’m not exactly the ballet-enthusiast type.” He waved a hand down his body in gesture, and then sighed, lifting the same hand to squeeze at the growing tension in his neck. “I dunno, it’s probably better if I don’t go,” he mumbled, picking at a stain on his apron. “He might have friends there or something. Or his brother. I’d probably only embarrass him.”
John shook his head, smiling down at his dress shoes as he slid his hands in his pockets, considering the possibility that nervous Sherlock might be his favorite, if not an extremely close second to pliable, being-read-things-he-should-be-reading-his-damn-self Sherlock.
This was all his fault, his mistake for thinking he could ever be normal, to ever even make an attempt. He was cursed, he always had been, and now…now John was going to pay the price, a casualty of the forfeit of his diligence. But, no matter how hard he tried, no matter how afraid he would never admit he was, and no matter how
A breathy chuckle puffed from John’s mouth. “Of course you do,” he answered, shaking his head as he smiled properly now.
“Did he-”
John dipped his head, smiling gently. “Just trust me, it is,” he said, and Sherlock narrowed his eyes at him for a moment before relenting.
“Well, that’s the sort of thing people dress up as for Halloween,” he explained, genuinely uncertain if Sherlock would know, considering John had seen more American high school movies than his counterpart—which was to say he had seen any at all. “Policemen, doctors,
“Patron saint of patience,” John said through a chuckle.
, Sherlock bracing himself for what suddenly seemed like the very real possibility there would be a children’s choir in the foyer as he stepped out of the car after Greg, shouldering his bag and bracing an elbow on the top of the car door.
Second, I have a survey set up for you guys to decide what the next fic I write is, which will start posting after MHITAS ends, so please
“Okay.”
“Grandmother took a tumble down the stairs.”
?” he choked.
“Well, that’s us,” John said, pointing back over his shoulder as he looked once again to the three visitors. “Catch up with you after?” he asked, scanning his eyes over the group at large, and everyone nodded, although Molly most enthusiastically, her eyes focused more on Greg than him.
He moved to the arms next, leaning away a little, and John’s breathing seemed to ease in the extra space as he allowed his left arm to be plucked up. Sherlock turned it over in his hands, eyes sharp and narrow as they searched over the uninterrupted fabric of the coat. John was passing over his right arm before Sherlock could grab for it, a small smile twitching at his lips, but Sherlock couldn’t think about that now, and focused back down at the wool. “Oh my god,” he breathed, rattling John’s arm a bit as his hands started to shake, eyes unblinkingly fixed on a point on the sleeve.
John nodded, smiling. “Lake at 9:30. And bring your own food this time!” he called to Mike’s retreating back, but the boy only laughed, flapping a hand at him without turning around as he disappeared through one of the side exits. Shaking his head, John went the opposite direction back toward Kingsley, whistling absentmindedly as he walked. As he rounded the corner into their corridor, he headed toward the laboratory door, arm outstretched, when a ground-rattling bang shook the handle in front of him. “Sherlock!?” he cried, bursting through the door and into a cloud of smoke. “What the- Sherlock!” he coughed, swatting at the air with one hand while the other tugged his shirt up over his nose and mouth.
“I’m sure being a doctor is
like that,” Sherlock urged, shaking his head. “This isn’t something you can do out of…duty or-or obligation, it-it has to come from”—he rolled his hands over his chest, searching for a word that didn’t drip saccharine sap. “He has to
There was a sudden creak to his right, and he snapped his head toward the sound, hand halfway to the gun on his nightstand before he recognized the silhouette in the doorway, though that only made his pulse quicken further.
“Fair enough,” John muttered, Molly stifling her laugh just as the door opened. “Hello!” John greeted, smiling brightly at the newcomers as they shook their umbrellas on the black carpet runners. “What can I get you?”
“Maybe it got too hot,” John offered as Sherlock grew silent. “She opened it to let some of the humidity out.”
“Not yesterday,” John amended, his voice brittle with banked rage, “but it did before, didn’t it?”
A young brunette sat on the chair beside the window, her long legs crossed in tight black jeans that opened to shiny red heels. She was watching the dark-haired dancer, the two of them chatting idly while he practiced, and, though there was nothing obviously romantic about it, it still set John’s teeth on edge. She got to be in the
Sherlock scoffed, shaking his head as he cut off another piece of meatloaf. “Yes, Harriet,” he muttered tonelessly, “I’ve been hiding behind bushes watching you buy bubblegum.”
Mrs. Hudson clicked her tongue, rolling her eyes.
“Um, Sherlock?” John started warily, closing the door behind him with a soft click.
Sherlock liked the teacher well enough, he supposed—much more than he had the previous one, at any rate—but she was always so chipper, a bright smile perpetually plastered across her face. Still, she didn’t nag him to “participate” like the previous teacher had—a young woman with brilliant blond hair and eyelashes that all clumped together—so he had yet to lodge a complaint. Not that the office staff ever took them seriously anyway.
“No,” John bit back, folding his arms, “I think you’ll get tired or fall or something, be too stubborn to admit you couldn’t do it on your own, and they’ll be chiseling your body out of the ice in 70 years.”
She didn’t let on, however, and he saw nothing but sympathy in her gaze as she tilted her head at him, smiling fondly. A moment later, she blinked, head levelling out again as she leaned forward over her knees, a glint in her eyes as her smile grew mischievous. “Wanna go crash their practice?” she whispered conspiratorially, throwing in a wink that looked downright absurd on her features, but it did manage to make him smile.
Leaving him behind.
Nathan
“Now give me your arm,” Sherlock ordered, holding a hand out, and John lifted his right wrist into it.
“Because he’d hate it,” John replied, starting up the steps again, forcing Sherlock to move on ahead of him.
John nodded, hands ducking into his pockets. “Yeah. Mrs. Hudson had the coat, and the wig was really cheap, and I thought it might be fun to call everyone an idiot for the evening.” He grinned, anticipating a laugh, but Sherlock turned stony, eyes a cool slate as he snapped his mouth closed.
“No more difficult than medicine,” Sherlock countered, and John huffed a laugh, shaking his head down at the steaming milk.
“Let’s go,” he said, tugging at their hands to turn Sherlock toward the door, “before Mycroft figures out his present.”
Sherlock was still shaking his head softly, an ingrained denial. He didn’t have friends—even the regular, non-superlative kind—and now John thought he was his
John dropped the orders off in the kitchen, adding an extra notation to the bottom of Sherlock’s to ensure no mushrooms or consulting detectives were harmed in the making of this meal. The elderly couple’s dishes were ready, so he brought them out, fetching a bottle of vinegar when the man requested it on his wife’s behalf, the woman having gone to the toilet, and then popped back into the kitchen, shouting out a request for a basket of bread. He wasn’t gone long, but he could feel something had changed by the time he got back, the atmosphere tangibly thickening as he drew nearer to the table.
John watched Sherlock open the message, his face curling up in a wince John could absolutely relate to, and, after a moment’s hesitation and a few failed attempts at actually hitting the send button, he delivered another message.
“I’ll try to keep that in mind,” the brunette replied, smiling, and then they lapsed into silence, avoiding one another’s eyes.
“She’s hiding something, John!” Sherlock immediately defended, the outrage expected. “Look at her!” he added, waving a hand out the window at the quivering figure beyond.
“Wait!” John spluttered, dodging the now-vacant chair to follow after him. “Sherlock, we-we can’t just- We
“Got a lot of classes together, too.”
me in the morning. Every
“I will not throw darts on the matter of your happiness,” Queen Catherine snapped, a banked fire blaring to life in her eyes as she drew her spine straight. “If you refuse to put your best interests first, I will do it for you.”
“Obviously,” Sherlock muttered, but John couldn’t care less if he was bothering him.
“Alright,” John said, settling into the chair and positioning the book on his lap. “Ready?”
He quickly collected himself, however, swallow bobbing down his throat as he shifted the ball between his hands. “Coming!” he called, glancing back for barely a blink before he turned, jogging across to his impatiently waiting teammates and finally allowing Sherlock to breathe.
He stared. Stared and blinked and gaped, and then snapped his head up to look around, but there was no dark figure leaning smugly against a building, lamppost, or tree anywhere in sight.
John leaned forward, still laughing, the confidence of turning tables roiling through his veins. “You really didn’t know?”
Lestrade sighed exasperatedly. “John,” he said, stepping back toward the door, “make sure he behaves himself, alright?”
“Overcooked the bacon.”
“Yes, but you didn’t
Irene turned to face him, chuckling softly as she quirked a brow. “Already?” she quipped, dark lips smirking as her dangling gold earrings shimmered in the shifting light. “You’ve only been here three hours.”
“Well, it is.”
Sherlock fell against the back of the sofa on his elbows, knees braced on the edge of the cushion as he draped perpendicularly over John, hovering only a few inches above. Turning his face from the door, he glared furiously down, red-faced and tousled from exertion, one half of his crisp shirt hanging outside of his trousers, and John started laughing, finding he could not stop.
“You don’t have to pay for it,” Victor purred, moving forward with confidence now.
Sherlock hadn’t noticed a fire going when he’d arrived, but there was one roaring now, crackling behind the grate as they settled into their respective chairs, Sherlock crossing his legs over the seat to cradle the mug against his heel.
“About three months.”
“Well, we can’t both stare,” she replied, lifting her brows imperiously as she peered at him from the corner of her eye, and, though he had to scoff for posterity, he did lean back in his chair, gaze lowering to the table in front of him. “Let me know when you get a reply,” the woman added in a whisper, and Sherlock nodded, sitting his phone beside him atop the table.
“Sherlock,” she greeted, smiling dimly with surprise. “Sorry, I-I didn’t see you there.”
Sherlock opened his mouth, likely to retort, but it quickly turned into a yawn, and John chuckled, returning his arm to wrap around Sherlock’s back as he pulled him in closer.
“What!?” Sherlock snapped, a slight flush creeping up his cheekbones as he glared.
“Yes, we must,” he snarled, pulling his athletic bag off his shoulder to fall to the tile floor with a heavy thump. “What the
“Oh, you,” the older woman muttered fondly, tipping him on the chin. “Always said you were too charming for your own good. That’ll get you into a lot of trouble someday, you know,” she admonished, but John only smiled, nodding faintly at his trainers. The woman then looked beyond him, scanning across the tombstone-shadowed hills. “Is your mother here?” she asked, dropping her eyes to the boy once again. “I haven’t seen her since- since you moved,” she concluded, pained sympathy flashing across her face, and, as Sherlock watched John’s spine stiffen, clouds dimming his blue eyes, he thought he could make a fairly accurate assumption as to what event had preceded the Watsons’ decision to move.
“Impossible to say,” Sherlock answered with a shrug, “but I would guess at least five of the recent crimes Lestrade has passed on to me.”
“Did you sleep at all?” John asked, sliding his own legs off the bed and leaning forward to mirror Sherlock’s position, minus the steepled hands.
“You don’t?” he questioned, and then man shook his head again. “Then what’s the alternative?”
“You’re from Kent—Maidstone or Ashford, if I’m not mistaken—but you didn’t come from there this morning. You’ve been staying in London for at least”—his eyes scanned downward, and John realized he was holding his breath—“two days, probably with your aunt. You’re here on a sport scholarship for rugby, but you’re more the academic type. You don’t get along with your parents, but you have a younger sister you’re close to, and feel guilty for coming here and leaving her at home. You had a sausage roll on the ride in, along with a coke you only half finished, and”—his eyes met John’s once more—“you’re left-handed.”
