Also actually thinking about doing a Mystrade companion piece to this since I’m now invested into their relationship somehow.
(See the end of the chapter for
Mrs Hudson’s loud wail alerts Sherlock something is not right. He goes downstairs and only makes it to the landing when he sees them at the door.
He could faintly hear movement from upstairs. John must be awake and still here. Sherlock was going to ask him last night where he was spending Christmas this year, but the night sort of got away from them.
John moans, life Sherlock’s legs around his waist and lines up.
“It’s Lestrade” he says simply and John knows it must be a hard case as they’re calling Sherlock in at night.
The grinding sound of Sherlock chair being dragged backwards alerts John to the fact Sherlock is leaving and he watches Sherlock storm out of he restaurant and hurries to follow him.
After they finish shopping they make their way back to Baker Street and Sherlock has already deduced by the light and sound emanating from upstairs what awaits him for the rest of his birthday. They all head upstairs and as Sherlock predicted everyone is there and shouts ‘Happy Birthday’ when they enter.
Tears spill down his cheeks before he even knows he’s crying. It’s too real. Sherlock can’t imaging his life without John. Even when he himself was away or even when John was married he knew he would see him again. Now though.
After loading and suiting up they head out. For some reason John has an uneasy feeling in his stomach as they pass through the checkpoint.
“I assume you mentioned your application for Detective Chief Inspector to my brother, correct?”
They grab a drink each and they do a circle of the room speaking to a few Sergeants and Detectives they recognise.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes I am Sherlock. I leave in the morning”
John leaves the flat door unlocked for Sherlock when he finally comes home and has a shower, changing for bed.
Johns face shows that he has “registered” the phrase from when he said it the first night. He looks confused.
Greg clears his throat,
He dismounts John and grabs his own tea.
Other than that incident the lunch is pleasant and the food is great. Sherlock does ‘compliment’ his brother.
“Really Sherlock? Don’t insult you? You basically insult me on a daily basis and I’m not to insult you. The worlds only consulting detective. I thought you were too smart to be insulted.”
They spent the next hour just trying to one up each other upping the tempo and changing songs on each other and they’re both grinning. John thinks they probably haven’t spent proper time together like this in ages. Time where they’re not bickering but being competitive. It’s a lot better than the arguing and Greg agrees. Well, he would if he stopped watching Mycroft and actually answered. After a while Sherlock gets bored.
Sherlock sighs again and lands back in his seat.
John kept talking but Sherlock was just taking in Johns face like he hadn’t seen it in years, making sure it was commited to memory.
“Yeh sounds like we both need a night at the pub, and soon” John says, thinking it better be really soon because he leaves in less than 36 hours.
“I want you.”
“Because we knew you would react like this. Lunch at your brothers is final, or he’ll make the Detective Inspector stop using you for cases.”
Sherlock did suppose they looked like giddy school girls. But he didn’t care. He had John. John was all his now. He’d never been happier than right now.
“John” he said interrupting him talk about Syria, Sherlock was only vaguely listening.
John takes a deep breathe, here comes the hard part.
He’s crushed by the attack hug from his mother before he even had chance to lay eyes on her. She begins fussing immediately.
He thinks he will enjoy this Christmas lunch.
The Colonel nods.
.........
When he returned to the flat mid morning after his case for Mycroft, which had taken nearly twenty four hours, Sherlock was about to go to bed but heard his laptop chime.
“Sherlock, we should go to Angelo’s tonight for dinner, I still have to talk to you”.
“Sherlock, I’ll need your assistance. You being half a head taller than me, I need to you lean down.”
“Quite.”
John waits about two meters away from where Lestrade is talking to press, to not alert them that he and Sherlock are at the crime scene. Lestrade doesn’t need the extra drama the press cause when he and Sherlock are at a crime scene.
“No John tell me you’re not going over there, they can survive without you I’m sure” he’s already knows what Johns about to say.
John patted Sherlock on the shoulder as they watched everyone speak to one another about what to do with the cemetery and the old house.
“I’m sorry, but I will explain later. I promise.” John heard Sherlock offer softly.
John laughed. “Because, dear, you’re enjoying chasing this thief. The month leading up until now had been relatively quiet and you’re taking advantage of it.” He then turned over onto his back, crossing his arms behind his head as he chuckled to himself.
“Control your damn dog!” Detective Baynes shouted as Mrs. Hudson brushed past Sherlock to take a hold of Gladstone, “Dr. Watson, please come with us.” He then added as soon as he had some space between himself and Gladstone.
It was late and Lestrade was trying to focus on his work, but he was failing miserably. The Carberry case had been troubling him from the very beginning; not only were the facts of the case seemingly suspect, but also Detective Baynes had been increasingly unwilling to explain his reasonings for charging John with murder besides the eyewitness accounts and the minimal physical evidence found at the scene.
John sighed as he rested his hands on hips. “Sure.”
Moriarty bade Schuller goodbye before marching down the hallway. “I need the first batch ready to go by the time Whitehall starts his speech.” Moriarty motioned for the man who had followed him from Schuller’s room to keep up his pace. They walked into the main space to find everyone else working quickly.
“Yes…Lestrade called us in after he had trouble deciphering the poem…” Sherlock added, now huddled on the sofa, smoking his pipe.
John closed his eyes shut, counting to himself as he listened to Sherlock hum loudly to himself as he waited for John to finish summarizing their findings. After another moment, John opened his eyes slowly with an exhale before tapping on one of their potential stops.
John stayed put as he watched Sherlock enter their room. He knew he would have to do more to get Sherlock to open up yet figured the venture would also be a great opportunity to let off some steam with some sort of relief. Also, he had managed to get Sherlock to rest, which was always difficult especially when his companion was deep in a case.
“Watson.” John felt a hand on his knee. He turned to look directly at Sherlock who was now kneeling in front of him, a bit wobbly from his leg injury.
John waved him off with a smile as he reached downward to grab the bags. “It’s all right, Mr. McArthur.”
John grimaced as he looked around his cell: it was similar to the one at the Yard, but this time he had his own space.
“Take as long as you need, Mr. Holmes.” Warden James offered as he stepped to the side to let Mycroft and Sherlock through the cell door.
John rolled his eyes again. “Besides Turner?”
As the men descended the staircase, Mycroft appeared at the top of the landing, scrambling to put his robe on.
Sherlock Holmes.” Detective Baynes grinned as he laid heavy emphasis the word “great,” making it clear that he was mocking Sherlock’s accomplishments.
John grumbled some more, but he knew he would have to continue on so that Sherlock could prove that there was no ghost, and they could finally enjoy their vacation. After waiting some time, they walked back to the carriage house with Sherlock slowly inspecting every little piece of possible evidence until he stopped to inspect some footprints leading outside the carriage house.
“My,” Mycroft began, “London’s oldest and surest prison. It’s strange that they’re still housing prisoners here although there are plans to demolish it.”
Sherlock looked at Mycroft before facing John again who nodded to signal that he agreed with Mycroft. Sherlock sighed as he finally let Mycroft lead him away from the cell and out to a hansom waiting outside with Mrs. Hudson already in the back passenger seat.
“Unfortunately, I
Sherlock nodded as he slowly sat up straight, trying to regain his composure in front of Wiggins, but before he could add anything, loud footsteps accompanied by Mycroft’s voice appeared out in the hallway.
Moriarty shrugged. “But what?”
Sherlock smiled weakly, trying to express serenity, but he ended up grimacing instead. “I’m fine, Wiggins. I just need you to use your resourceful contacts,” he pointed to the torn page, “this is a listing of all the docks and cemeteries in the city. See what you can find out about any connection between any of these places and these vials. And I don’t need to remind you to be careful, Mr. Wiggins.”
Sherlock and Mycroft waited through another pause and some more footstep falls. “I’ll need this area completely closed off. Please do not let anyone in here, understood?”
John, without wasting another moment, ran toward the hansom, and the driver took off as soon as both men were inside. John was too disoriented by the situation to fully comprehend that his companion had just helped him escape from Westgate.
Before Sherlock could counter, Mycroft appeared behind them. “So sorry to interrupt, but, dear brother, who would you like to interrogate first?” His expression could barely contain his excitement with the situation.
Lestrade shook his head again, but Sherlock persisted.
“Mr. Holmes!” The heiress shouted again. She stepped forward to defend her garden, but John gently held out his hand to stop her.
“Come, Watson. I am intrigued to see this old house that seems to have embroiled our hosts.”
Lestrade took in a deep breath as he sat down in his favorite armchair that was positioned next to the fireplace. He took in one last breath as he settled into his seat, telling himself that he needed to calm down despite feeling overly anxious about the Carberry case.
Sherlock settled into the rocking motion brought on by the hansom. “Yes, you’re out of Westgate,” he leaned forward, “how long until the estate?” He asked the driver.
“But that smell…” John said again to himself. Yet the smell reminded him of Baker Street and Sherlock’s foul-smelling experiments.
“Baynes!” Lestrade shouted once more.
“…but really, Sherlock,” the front door to the sitting room opened as Mycroft walked inside, “…I wish you would consider moving out near me. The options at this so-called bakery are abysmal—” he interrupted himself as he noticed Sherlock fidgeting on the sofa.
John’s eyes widened at the blatant confession; he felt his whole body go numb to the point that he was sure he was having an out of body experience.
“The factory explosion was not meant to
He was swiftly interrupted by Sherlock wiggling away underneath him, shaking his head as he propelled his body from the bed and out of the room.
“Mr. Holmes?” Warden James greeted, “I thought you were speaking with the director?”
Sherlock stood still before turning around slowly to face John, limping on his right leg as he turned. He grimaced as he defiantly rested his hands on his hips.
Sherlock nodded once more as he leaned back in the sofa. “The pendant is incriminating indeed, but we’ll find Watson adequate representation. Like I told Lestrade before, Watson was only gone for an hour and his revolver has been untouched.”
John sighed again, hanging his head low; he knew Sherlock would work on the case all night so there was no use in trying to get him to rest.
“Let’s go now. We don’t have time to waste, Watson.” Sherlock responded instead as he proceeded to change his clothes.
John nodded before turning around to walk down the stairs to the furnaces. Sherlock took his time as he approached the figure.
With a quick glance, John shot Sherlock several daggers with his eyes before turning to face the police officer again.
Lestrade winced; there had been running rumors for some time that there was a leak at Scotland Yard concerning the Carberry case, and ever since the first rumor appeared, Lestrade knew that Detective Baynes had something to do with it. He hadn’t pursued anything since the official manhunt for Sherlock and John began but considering the bombing and Detective Baynes unwillingness to discuss the case, Lestrade knew that the detective was hiding something.
“And we only have less than 12 hours before the next heist, but of course, let’s waste time by sleeping.” Sherlock shouted back.
“Holmes, can we take a break? Also, is your leg all right? You took a pretty hard fall.”
John shrugged again as he looked around the room, appearing to not know what Sherlock was referring to.
“My god…” Mycroft gasped, “it’s far worse than I thought…”
“Holmes!” John groaned as he slapped a hand to his head. “Holmes, when I said you were the only that can help me, I meant cooperating with the police to tell them I was with you most of the night,
“That pendant, the eyewitness accounts? Please don’t tell me that’s all you have,” Lestrade unflinchingly countered, feeling himself channeling Sherlock’s ire, “and Dr. Watson has no prior history.”
it won’t be any trouble.” He made sure to indicate that the slightest bit of trouble would most likely be squashed by his powerful connections.
John stopped halfway; he could no longer see Sherlock at the side entrance of the sawmill which sent a wave of panic throughout his body. He told himself to remain calm as he took a deep breath. After another second or so, John peered upward to see an opening leading into the upper floor. He clenched his jaw before climbing the staircase, holding on to what was left of the railing to distribute his weight evenly across the staircase.
Sherlock rested his hands on his hips. “I did not ‘blow up’ Westgate and I
military history, to be exact.” Sherlock corrected, now resting with one hand over his forehead as the other hung out away from the sofa.
“But we know my brother has his quirks. He probably didn’t want to disturb you from your rest considering.” Mycroft smiled as he cheers John with a wine glass. John made a face as he did the same.
Would he ever seen John Watson again?
When they made it to Baker Street Sherlock was a bundle of nerves but John was strangely calm when he unlocked the door.
When they walk in they both sort of stare. Sherlock, because Mycroft has not changed a single thing and John because it’s beautiful. The room is definitely Sherlock’s.
Need more data.
“I’ll take that as a yes then.”
Mycroft has a small ting of red on his cheeks from Sherlock’s last comment but his words don’t deter Sherlock from his speech.
Away from London.
Just as suddenly as she changed to this person in front of him another Captain approach’s and she changed back to the LC she was before. The other captain informs her that they need to start gearing up for patrol. She dismisses him and gets John to follow her to the pack and weapons building.
After several minutes he gave in, grabbing the dog tags and putting the chain around his neck, tucking them into his shirt.
But it didn’t hurt to ask.
“Molly is the only person who is here for me and even as we speak she’s texting her new boyfriend. She’s clearly here out of obligation to an old friendship and would rather be somewhere else.”
Finally he gives up and texts Mycroft. Obviously he is surprised to hear from Sherlock as he hadn’t responded to any calls yesterday but he does have a case for Sherlock.
Please go and read chapter 21 if MCD does trigger you and you do want to read the story but it does contain spoilers but I’ve been told that it makes people feel a lot better about the MCD.
“It’s approximately three hours and forty five minutes to the Istanbul base to reload and refuel and then we’ll be heading into Aleppo to land and will be joining a convoy that is returning to the Hamra base. It’s only reachable via the all terrain vehicles and is covered by the enemy forces to the south that hair antiaircraft guns and do not permit aircrafts. I will brief you when we land in Istanbul but for now we have a short journey ahead of us and try to use this time to get some rest because we will not be stoping until we reach the Hamra base”
Sherlock doesn’t complain when John steers him toward’s a town car waiting for them on the road. He doesn’t comment on Mycroft’s obvious involvement. And he doesn’t let go of John’s hand until he has to open the car door.
“What? Of course not. Remember Sherlock, despite what you may think sometimes, I did get to be a Detective without your help.”
This is the final chapter of this fic.
Lestrade looked confused.
What did change was nothing of significance. Just small things. They sat closer to each other with Sherlock resting against Johns side, John rested his hand on Sherlock’s leg in cab’s, Sherlock leaned over John into his space more when he was sitting in his chair and John brushed his hand against the back of Sherlock’s neck whenever he passed by.
John was carefully rubbing his hands up and down Sherlock’s thighs soothingly and looked up into his eyes.
He glares at John still standing in the door way. John just signs,
John can’t see what’s in the containers but he hears a low whistle of appreciation and a following comment of “Those are some fresh riffles.”
Fuck. Fuck it hurts so much.
“God Sherlock, you’re making me depressed listening to this boring life you have planned for John. I’m sure if you told him that, he would tell you he’d rather have his life of excitement with you over anything else in the world.”
“John you’ve been gone for ten months and you havn’t had any leave to see your family. I don’t want to but I’m sure if I spoke to Mycroft he could call a few people. He’s friends with a Major or someone else of importance I’m sure.”
Back to it then. After resetting up his corner of the tent with his stuff he changed and made his way back to the canteen.
Sherlock turns beet red and John can’t hold in his laughter this time and try’s his best to control himself, excusing himself into the kitchen to get the tea.
“I’m glad your hard work is paying off Greg, finally. You’ve been a dedicated Detective for years and they were bound to see that sooner or later. Lestrade shrugs.
(See the end of the chapter for
It suddenly hit him how much he had missed John in just over fourty eight hours.
He spots John and makes his way over. He shakes Johns hand,
“I’m not going to be long John. It’s just too much, you know how I detest birthdays.”
The data Sherlock has collected since John has returned and even before suggests that John may reciprocate his feelings. But until Christmas Sherlock didn’t know if John wanted a physical relationship with him. God Sherlock wanted to touch John, hold him and never let him go again.
“That too.”
Sherlock had enough of this.
Sherlock’s always bored now. He’s even started taking cases below a seven and cases from Mycroft.
“Yeh I know, Sherlock tends to exaggerate things about his brother. He’s helped me out a lot over there and with my leave as well. He’s actually a good guy, but it’s quite sad really.”
The man checks his pulse.
Greg just gives him a look.
Sherlock puts his tea down on the table and takes John’s out of his hands.
Sherlock breaths out as John rotates his hips.
The kitchen is just a small shed with a service window to collect food from and in front of that is an area with long benches to sit at to eat, only covered by a shade sail.
“Ah I get it. Like art. You can see the beauty in A Starry Night but you don’t want to shag it.”
Sherlock decided that now was a good as time as any. He lifted the covers and hitched his leg over John, straddling his hips.
“Sherlock.” John manages to say, with a breathless voice.
“I hope you’re hungry, we have a couple of guests who are joining us for your birthday breakfast. Mrs Hudson is kindly distracting them downstairs while I finished cooking. I was just about to come wake you, you better have a shower and get dressed quick. They’ll be up soon.”
“Detective inspector, thank you for joining me for tea. I’ll keep you posted about the developments with your application. We should do this again sometime”
“John I would very much like to have your penis inside me now so if you would kindly hurry up and fuck me I would be very appreciative.”
XxCami1313
~•••••••••••••••••~
Sally makes a gagging sound. Sherlock turns.
They follow Mycroft to the dinning room, which is apparently upstairs. It’s bigger than most but tasteful with a piano in one corner and record player in another, which is playing classical music softly. John notices Sherlock’s fingers have begun taping along to the beat on his thighs.
John looks baffled as they are waved through the security and the doors close behind them. They have a capsule to themselves and it begins its ascent.
After Christmas lunch everything went into fast forward and suddenly it was New Year’s Eve.
“Then it’s safe to assume that he’s responsible for your new service suit as he is John’s.”
“So, Captain Watson I’ve read your file from your previous tour and I am impressed but I have to say that I was not impressed with your impulsiveness. You need to know that I do not tolerate insubordination in any way in my squad and if you do you will be reprimanded, I don’t care which government official’s brother you’re sleeping with.”
Sherlock had successfully distracted himself for an hour before he gave in and practically ran up the stairs to John’s room.
Sherlock listens to him leave and then flops onto the couch.
“Nah just using the bi-weekly meetings with the fancy bloke in the suit and limo as her ammo, saying that I was ‘flirting’ and making advances towards him even when she was shagging another bloke while we were still together,”
“Yes John continue, it’s just strange having someone else’s finger there, it’s been a while.”
“I’m about ninety eight percent sure that this isn’t my old suit. I know because there’s a small tear, or was a small tear, on the inside of the sleeve and now it’s magically gone and it fits better than it ever has.”
Mrs Hudson’s call comes from the landing and John has enough time to tuck the dog tags back into Sherlock’s shirt and pat them before stepping away and around towards the door.
“Whatever you want, give me ten minutes. I’ve had a shit day and just need a shower.”
“You’ve been getting some action darling. Sex is one of the most important things for a man to experience in his life.”
“Sherlock, would you mind moving aside? I’m getting a bit cold standing here without any clothes on”
“You said you didn’t get leave. You said you weren’t coming home”
They’re lost in the feel of their lips against each other. Sherlock’s hold tightening on John’s hips. John’s hand moves into Sherlock’s hair, the other around his neck drawing him impossibly closer. Sherlock wants to stay like this forever. He feels his heart expand until it feels like it’s going to burst. So this is what happiness feels like.
The cab ride home is quick and silent. When the arrive home they climb the stairs quickly, not to wake Mrs Hudson.
Johns surprises himself that the first words out of his mouth aren’t ‘I’m not actually gay’ but realises that his feelings for Sherlock don’t have boundaries due to gender. Took him long enough.
Sherlock grins, bounces over to the couch and lounges over it. John grabs the remote, lifts Sherlock’s legs up to sit down and set’s them back down on his lap. He flicks on a crap detective drama just to wind Sherlock up.
Sherlock finally slams the door open and yells back at John, not noticing the flat full of people.
This Sherlock chapter took me ages to write idk why.
Last Christmas was not great. John had only been home barely six months and he refused to come with Sherlock to his parents. He claimed his bad mood and the previous years events would prevent him from being a hospitable guest.
I’m horrible I know.
.................
There’s another doctor working along side him and they pass things back and forth and finally after they get the first people stitched up another is placed in front of them.
“Um right. Let’s get this over with.”
“My last statement still stands John. If you leave. Don’t come back. I won’t be waiting for you.”
John gives him a strange look, but smiles.
Something is wrong.
They stop speaking and Sherlock faintly hears them apologise for his loss and that John was an important member of the army. They will not cease to try to find him despite mounting difficulty and evidence that suggests he will be recovered. His body. They mean they’ll find and bring his body back. Sherlock just doesn’t want to hear it anymore. Mrs Hudson’s tears have soaked his shirt through.
“Jesus Sherlock, you can be a bit more subtle.”
John decides to have dinner and talk after, he thinks food might help the emptiness he’s begining to feel about leaving Sherlock, possibly in less than 36 hours.
“You’ve been listening to the Yard’s gossip mill while I’ve been gone? God you must have been so bored.”
“What do you mean? You’re fine? If you guys are fine I don’t see what’s wrong. ”
“Oh for gods sake. If that’s Geoffrey, tell him we’re not doing it. Tell him unless it’s a double murder or something equally good he can do it himself. How the Metropolitan police service survived in the years before me I have no idea.”
The ride is quick and silent and although Sherlock does see John looking at him in the reflection of the glass he doesn’t say anything. Sherlock realises that neither of them gave the driver an address when they got into the car and he pulls up next to a large building with people talking and smoking out the front.
“Of course you don’t Gavin.” Sherlock sighs. “Never mind” Sherlock moves to get up.
John knows.
John wakes at 0800 hours to people talking outside his tent and quickly changes into his patrol gear and heads out to find where to report.
“Mycroft you know how I detest your job and you, mostly. I hate to ask, really detest this, but could you look into John’s leave application. It’s been denied and he’s not coming home for Christmas.”
John’s smiling, not actually annoyed.
Both Lestrade and John look at Sherlock with surprise. They are even more surprised when Mycroft begins to make his way over.
It was just after nine and Sherlock couldn’t hold off any longer. He needed tea.
Sally’s faces goes red.
Her lack of response prompts John to repeat his question.
The door closed and John turned back to Sherlock. Their eyes connected and they both simultaneously broke into giggles. John leaned against him and used Sherlock’s shoulder to cover up the sound and Sherlock put his hand over his mouth to stop his own laughter.
John has a moment to understand everything Mycroft has just told him and tried not to think about some of the stuff Mycroft’s involved in.
“That’s great news mate, congratulations.” John shakes Lestrade’s hand. “We’ll have to go out for drinks before I leave again to catch up on everything.” Greg nods in agreement smiling.
“Good Greg, yourself?”
“No love, a good surprise. Now hurry along into the shower or the food will be cold.”
The fire was lit and there was some presents around the small tree Mrs Hudson had put up. Sherlock had almost forgot it was Christmas morning.
Nothing much had changed during the week and it was like John hadn’t even left. He joined Sherlock on a case and caught up with Greg at the pub once.
Dressed in his military fatigues once again he tucks his dog tags into his shirt and places his duffle bag near the flat door.
But as he entered the kitchen he heard someone swear, someone who was not John.
And with that, Sherlock departs, leaving a annoyed Greg to think.
“Okay so I’m guessing you heard the end of that then?”
“Really good to see you John, how was the ride over?”
Sherlock responded by playing an even louder and faster tempo song.
“You can talk to him about that at lunch. I’m off to get ready, I’ll see you boys down stairs.”
Gavin was not home yet, considering he had only finished work twenty minutes ago, Sherlock expected him to walk in in two to four minutes depending if Donovan had distracted him for very long.
serious, yet a kind fellow, I might add.”
Mr. McArthur looked around at everyone, seemingly confused by the reaction. “No really, that’s the size my son wears. I would know because I bought him so many pairs of shoes when he was at the ‘Echole’.” He mispronounced the name of the prestigious school once more as he did a little shimmy with his hands part way in the air.
Mr. McArthur rolled his eyes as he sighed loudly. “Okay, okay. I’ll change my clothes,” he turned to face Sherlock and John, “why don’t you make yourselves comfortable in the parlor and,” he then turned to Madame Loire, “perhaps Madame Loire can bring you some tea?” He nodded at her with a wink, causing her to sigh before turning around to head into the kitchen.
Sherlock nodded as he straightened out the frills on his collar. “Yes, at your service.” He then bowed dramatically before straightening up with a grin on his face.
“Holmes!” John shouted, now standing in a pile of their luggage, causing Sherlock to turn around to gawk at him, “can you please help me with the luggage. Most of this is yours.”
“Come, Watson. I do believe we both deserve some rest.”
“You may take this room, dear brother.”
A speaker was standing in front of an audience in a large auditorium at the University of London. He was standing behind a dais, pointing to some diagrams he had one of his research fellows draw on a chalk board before the presentation.
Both Sherlock and John managed to ignore James’s last comment as they took turns shaking the young man’s hand.
The scruffy man was wearing a cap that almost shielded both eyes. His expression made Lestrade grimace for a second until he realized that something was unsettling about this person.
But instead of responding, John could see that something else had caught Sherlock’s attention. John watched as his companion’s facial expression hardened as he walked slowly across the walkways to an opening that looked out beyond the factory. John stared wide eyed at Sherlock as he watched him, but not sure what he should do considering shouting at Sherlock for not listening to him would only worsen the situation.
“…but we got those bastards in the end, right son?” Mr. McArthur turned toward James who was standing off by himself in the corner near the fireplace, only nodding back at his father.
He heaved a few times, both strangely satisfied that he was uncovering more about the case, but equally upset upon remembering that John would face trial soon. Sherlock told himself that he needed to focus, taking a moment before rising from the floor to limp to his desk. He placed his samples on the desk, studying them a while before walking over to his library shelves.
“Watson, I need you to focus. We can work through this. I promise.”
Saxon turned slightly to smile unnervingly at Sherlock. “A long time ago I was highly respected in my field. I was the preeminent military historian…but…Wheeler took all that away from me…”
“Coney’s back early from his lunch, but it seems that we’ve been given some time by a good Samaritan.” Sherlock explained as he pushed open the door.
“It looks as if our dear Henry left in quite the hurry…” Sherlock observed before walking further into the room.
“Sherlock.” Mycroft repeated, “please.”
“Sherlock…” John did his best to reach through the bars to touch his companion, “I need you to focus. You’re the only one who can help me.”
Sherlock stared back at Moriarty; the same self-satisfied grin appeared on his own face. He rose from his seat.
Mycroft wrapped his scarf a few times around his hand before clearing the broken shards of glass left in the window frame to get inside the study. He fumbled around awkwardly, nearing falling over before he managed to get inside.
“…you’ll know Ms. Coventry from the stage.” Mycroft added with a grin.
“My apologies, Miss. I didn’t see you there.” He held out a hand to shake the woman’s who accepted it wholeheartedly.
The police officer looked at his colleagues, shrugging before ordering them to get an ambulance. As soon as Sherlock and John were left alone in the dining room, John stopped Sherlock with an outstretched hand.
“Who are you? Are you the police?” Henry answered.
The group found Mary barking orders at the servants to place everything in their correct spots. She then directed everyone else to take their assigned seats, sitting Sherlock in between Mr. McArthur and James and herself next to John. As everyone settled as the servants brought out the first course, Sherlock listened to Mr. McArthur talk about a hunting trip he recently attended while John listened to James and Mary talk about their various hobbies.
John looked at the telegram before reaching for it. He flipped it open to see that Mycroft had received an invitation to an event hosted by Basil Whitehall set for the evening after next.
John groaned as his voice lowered. “Why are you on this train, Holmes?” His voice rose slightly, “why was someone shooting at us?” And then John could no longer contain his palpable anger, “And
John smiled back at Sherlock who finally faced him directly. John then turned around to board the train, waving at Sherlock before disappearing into the corridor. As soon as Sherlock could no longer see John, he turned to walk briskly along the platform while the train employee was now calling for last minute boarders. Sherlock looked down the length of the train, spotting a shady individual he had noticed while saying goodbye to John standing near the edge of the platform.
“Sherly!” Mycroft appeared just in time to witness Sherlock breaking the window before hopping inside the study.
John laughed as he moved inward more to straddle Sherlock, but before going any further, the two men heard a loud knock at their door out in the sitting room.
“Right away, dear.” John smiled to himself as he followed Sherlock into their room.
Sherlock shook his head “no”. “No, not a chalet.”
Before resuming his seat, Sherlock glanced downward at John who only shrugged. “Okay, pray tell us where you—”
After returning to Mycroft’s to change their attire, Sherlock, John, and Gladstone arrived at their intended destination. They came upon a dock that looked less frequented than the ones closer to the busier ports.
John managed to wonder given the situation.
As soon as Moriarty finished speaking, the students in the auditorium quickly packed up their things to head out, some lingering and chatting with one another.
Sherlock ignored him as he beckoned for John to head for a car far away from the explosion. They shimmied along the railings on the train before Sherlock swung his body into a car, interrupting a family of four who were loudly reacting to the commotion brought on by the explosion.
“Why, Miss McArthur,” Sherlock began, “you act as if you’ve seen a ghost.”
“I know you’re doing it on purpose.”
Mr. McArthur shrugged. “I need to get stronger willed servants, that’s what’s happened, Mr. Holmes.” He then huffed loudly before walking over to the fireplace.
“What?” John gasped, “that’s really the least of it, Holmes!”
John titled his head to the side, remaining in his chair as he stared back at Sherlock. “You don’t mind? We don’t usually get too many of these quiet evenings.”
The heiress thanked Sherlock once more before instructing one of her servants to show Sherlock and John out of the house and to hail them a hansom.
Sherlock feigned shock as he wiggled underneath John. “Why, dear, I have no idea what you’re referring to.”
“I was at Carberry’s last night…he hadn’t been feeling well…” John sighed again, “…after I checked his vitals, we chatted some more…and I lost my patience with him because…of some sort of experiment he was working on…”
“Oy!” A voice shouted, “what are you doing back here?”
John’s mouth nearly fell open from the surprisingly polite inquiry. “Um…” John looked behind himself at the bed before turning to look at Mycroft who was waiting patiently for an answer.
John shook his head a few times. “Holmes!”
“I shouldn’t be answering the door!” The man shouted again before calming himself. He took a deep breath before opening the door to find someone he didn’t recognize.
Mycroft feigned offense as he tried to see where Sherlock had run off to. He then looked around himself again, sighing.
Mycroft made a noise of disbelief, but Sherlock ignored him as he continued to search around the body of the priest.
Sherlock crouched down near the body, producing a magnifying glass from his pocket.
“There he is!”
“Well,” John clapped his hands together, “I’m sure young James can tell us all about this wonderful house.”
Sherlock managed to wiggle out of Detective Baynes’s grasp, but the move landed both men on the floor once more, rolling around on the creaky floorboards. John tried reaching for Detective Baynes, but he evaded his grasp as he wrenched away from Sherlock, knocking the revolver out of John’s hands.
Detective Baynes stopped to turn around; he looked irritated. “What can I help you with, Inspector?”
The man burped before squinting his eyes. “How, hiccup, much, hiccup, hiccup, you got?”
“Holmes!” John shouted as he ran toward the falling building.
John laughed nervously as he held his bruised arm, looking over at Sherlock who only shrugged. “That sounds about right, Mary.” Sherlock answered nonchalantly.
to go out and try to solve this yourself!” His voice rose in earnest as he finished.
John heard something clicked. He looked up to see Sherlock now in the safe, rummaging around through whatever was there.
Sherlock watched John before turning around to address Mycroft. “Please send in Ms. Coventry.”
Sherlock laughed. “Good question, Mr. McArthur. When we were upstairs investigating the loud bump we heard after dinner, I found a torn insignia from a piece of clothing that matched the brooch on your lapel, sir.” He pointed to the Guild path on Mr. McArthur’s lapel, “any member of the Guild when prompted by another member performing the ‘Lotus Encounter’, must do the same or risk excommunication from the Guild.”
“Schuller wrote down what we need to manufacture the drug. We don’t need him. He’s holding us back.”
As soon as the hansom came to a complete stop, Mycroft hopped out, taking a moment to straighten himself out from the journey.
Sherlock shushed John as he pointed back toward the luggage car. “Upon entering, I’ll need you to disarm anyone brandishing a weapon.”
Then, as it all became clear as his companion sat in total silence, refusing to elaborate, John seethed.
John’s face drew a blank; he nodded as he stared back at Sherlock, both strangely grateful for not staying another night in Westgate, but also equally perplexed by why his companion would now put himself in danger.
“Indeed!” Mr. McArthur slapped the armrest of his chair again, “say, what do you two gentlemen think of having dinner in the old house tonight? I’ll get my servants to go ahead and set it up for us.”
Moriarty smiled. “Dr. Schuller. I’m pleased with the amount of work you’ve managed to accomplish in such a short amount of time. Well done.”
As the last speaker concluded, the audience shuffled about greeting and acknowledging one another for their work. Some of the audience members surrounded Sherlock to ask him more questions about his work and his knowledge of criminal behavior. Moriarty watched the group swarm Sherlock, waiting a minute or two before finding a clear opening.
But Sherlock stopped him again with an outstretched hand. “Watson,” he said calmly, holding onto John’s arm tightly, “we need to proceed with caution.”
Fedorov huffed. “I was in my room, alone. But I guess that doesn’t matter does it?”
“What did I say?” Moriarty interrupted the man again, “we cannot afford any more interruptions. Have someone watch Dr. Schuller and make sure he has what he needs for us to mass produce the drug. Understood?”
John slouched in the chair facing the fireplace as he watched Sherlock pacing back and forth in front of him, limping from his injury brought on by the falling rubble. Out of the corner of his eye John could see Gladstone sleeping off to the side, seemingly unbothered by having attacked a few men that night to protect his owners.
“…nevermind…” Sherlock said in a huff, “Mr. Fedorov could you please phone the local police?”
“Okay, let’s see…William Wheeler…” Sherlock began.
“Holmes…,” John finally spoke up as the police officers restraining him led him out of the room, “please… let the officers do their job…” was all he could offer considering the moment.
Mr. McArthur stared back at Sherlock before slowly rising from his chair. Sherlock motioned toward a window.
“Did I miss lunch?” John appeared in the entryway to the parlor. He was wearing his borrowed pajamas and a robe.
“I really don’t understand why visiting my brother—”
Detective Baynes eyed John before sitting down in a chair at the table across from him. His expression remained unchanging until he cracked a slight smile.
Sherlock nodded. “Do you mind if we wait for him? I think it shouldn’t be too long.”
“Also,” he continued as they turned at the landing down a hallway, “a couple of my associates will be in attendance for dinner.”
Mycroft laughed. “I happened to stop by Baker Street to call on you for breakfast, but one of the street children informed me that he saw you, Dr. Watson, and your maid escorted out by police officers.”
is this train missing its dining car?!” He then shouted, looking back and forth down the hallway.
“You took the knife from Ms. Coventry’s room?” John asked.
allowed Schuller to escape.”
The man nodded as he tipped his hat upward to scratch his forehead. “Oh well, I have two workers who help me maintain this cemetery. One of the workers doesn’t live too far away from here.” He pointed in the general direction of the worker’s home, “I think a few blocks down…the house number is…23, I believe…actually, come to think of it, I haven’t seen him all day…”
“…Mr. Standish followed me into the dining room after dinner…I told him to leave me alone…”
As soon as he finished his sentence, John was yanked out of sight down the hallway by the police officers. Sherlock tried to go after them, but Detective Baynes blocked his path.
Sherlock stopped walking, but he kept his back toward John. “For once, my dear Watson, you are on to something.” But he continued toward the house without explaining.
Sherlock stopped what he was doing to look back at John. He shrugged before picking out two sets of clothes.
Both Sherlock and John spun around to see Mycroft standing in the doorway to the kitchen. He was wearing his house clothes and a smoking jacket while also covering his face with a handkerchief.
John joined Sherlock who was rummaging through some papers before finding a scrap with an address scrawled on it. He then picked up an empty vial from a stack on the desk.
John nodded, bracing himself. Sherlock waited before swinging the door open. “Now, Watson!”
The secretary nodded, seemingly relieved that she didn’t miss an important meeting to pencil in for her boss.
“He’ll be down in a minute. The professor always takes his precious time.”
aware of the Guild? Well, I don’t think I should be surprised by that.”
I hope you enjoy :)
Schuller took a moment. “…what do you want?” He asked quietly.
Mycroft shrugged as he sat down. “He said Lestrade probably knows more than he’s letting on. Or something rather.” He waved his hand around casually as Stanley entered the room with two dinner plates.
John looked back at Sherlock with a confused expression. To John, last night’s dinner was actually pleasant, but he was perplexed as to why Mycroft was being cold toward him again.
Sherlock perked up at the comment. “Who’s dangerous? Schuller?”
in Parliament has their eyes on the Prime Minister, Holmes. Whitehall is too smart to pull any stunt.”
“Mr. Holmes!” The heiress shouted, “those were brought to the house this morning! They were imported from Singapore!”
As she reached forward near Sherlock, something fell out of her pocket. Sherlock noticed and reached downward to recover it for her.
“And that it’s suspicious that Coney, although the man is prone to salaciousness, would make assumptions about your case being linked to Schuller’s?”
Sherlock nodded as he pointed at the photograph. “Is this you and your son?”
The stranger nodded before reaching inside his jacket. The man’s expression turned quizzical before it shifted into a look of absolute and unstrained horror as the stranger produced a revolver from his jacket. The stranger smiled before shooting the man in the middle of his chest. The man clenched his chest as he crumbled to the floor in a pool of his own blood.
Sherlock shrugged. “I need to speak with Dr. Watson for a minute alone if that’s all right.”
“Murder…,” Detective Baynes started, “Dr. Watson is under arrest for the murder of Dr. James Carberry.”
Sherlock patted John on the leg before giving the driver an address. “I think I heard you the first time.” He said to John as he sat back into his seat.
Moriarty chuckled to himself as he got up from his desk to walk over to one of his bookshelves. He search for a few seconds until he found one of his older patient journals that contained his detailed notes on cases he serviced while teaching at the University.
John ignored his companion’s tone as he lite the oil lamp next to their bed. “Okay, if we sleep for a few hours, we’ll be okay.” He let out a relaxed sigh as he laid down on the bed, his body still aching from the day’s events.
Wiggins hesitated before he accepted the items. He slowly looked up at Sherlock. “Are you o’right, Mr. ‘olmes?”
Sherlock patted John on the back. “And?”
“Yes, it is definitely a difficult time to be part of the working class…” Sherlock added softly.
“…I was one of the finalists for the Rome prize…” James said quietly with a smile, “I would have tried again, but my father asked me to come back to Philadelphia.”
“This particular acquisition had been the most trying…”
“Holmes!” John shouted as Sherlock opened the cell door, “what in the world is going on?!”
“We need to go home.” Sherlock whispered quietly.
John sighed as he spun around to pace back and forth in the cell. Sherlock watched for a second or so. “You have to trust me, Watson. This is the only way.”
Sherlock nodded. “And Clara was with you the entire time?”
looking for something in particular…”
“You can wait out here. He usually returns after an hour or so.” She pointed to the little sofa in the waiting room.
Hi everyone! Just letting you know that I'm planning to post the next chapter the second week of May! I have a huge deadline the first week so I need some time to finish writing. Thanks for reading! :)
The man scrunched up his face at his visitor. “Uh, may I help you?”
James sighed, but the comment seemed to liven up his spirits. “Perhaps I can give a tour?” He looked over at his father who looked bemused.
The four men grumbled to themselves, one of them crossing the room to the other side to access another part of the tunnel that led to the lower levels of the campus. As the men worked, Moriarty turned swiftly to exit the tunnel, marching through the passageway and back up the stairs to his office. The bookcase closed behind him as he pulled out his pocket watch to check the time, grinning to himself that his plan appeared to be working out perfectly.
“Really, Watson? Now I must add ‘thief’ to your file?” Sherlock huffed as he walked toward the direction of the nearest street to hail a hansom.
After waiting for some time, Sherlock managed to sneak further into the ground floor space unnoticed. He hid behind a stack of unmarked barrels as he listened the remaining men chat about the explosive. Sherlock could gather from their conversation that they were Russian, yet he could only surmise some details from their conversation. However, as Sherlock listened on, those details were the only ones needed to gather a fuller picture of whomever had framed John for murder and was also in connection with the mysterious drug circulating London…
Henry looked around as if waiting for police officers to file into the factory. “He’s dangerous. You have no idea.”
John took a deep breath as he held his hands up halfway. “…I did not kill Carberry. Someone is framing me. You must believe me.”
Sherlock shook his head as he attempted to calm John down by rubbing his shoulder. “Not yet, but there’s an unexplained piece to the puzzle that we have stumbled upon. Could you please have Ms. Coventry met us in the sitting room?”
Sherlock turned to face John before looking over at Gladstone. “Gladstone was trying to protect me, but then he fell over…” Sherlock motioned toward the vat.
“Son…” Mr. McArthur took a step toward James, “why in God’s name would you so something like this?” His voice was stern, but it was obvious he was too confused to be more upset.
“I hope I didn’t ruin your lecture, Professor Moriarty.” Sherlock offered; his expression pleasant but not too revealing as he spotted Moriarty walking toward his huddle.
tell me what happened last night.”
Sherlock waved for John to join him at the door, ignoring the family. “Do you have your revolver?”
John groaned as he jumped out of his chair to march across the room; although he knew Coney went to certain lengths to bend the truth, John still couldn’t believe that the journalist was now feeding into speculation about the case.
John scrunched up his face. “Excuse me, you have
. Just that the murderer is among us.”
“Detective Baynes…” John took a step sideways away from the approaching detective and the opening as Detective Baynes took another step toward him, reaching for his revolver.
Sherlock nodded, but he had turned his head to look away. John rolled his eyes as he picked up his bag.
“All right, I think we’ve had enough excitement for the night, haven’t we?” He said with an annoying grin.
Moriarty watched her leave before walking to into the main hall of the mansion. Some members of the house staff were scurrying around, picking up last minute tasks before Basil Whitehall and the invited diplomats arrived.
Sherlock waved his companion off. “We must question Ms. Coventry and Mr. Fedorov again.” He said before marching back into the kitchen.
“Oh my,” Sherlock grinned at John, “the game has taken
Sherlock stepped in between John and Detective Baynes once more before the police officers could get to John.
John smiled back him as he let Sherlock walk ahead before also joining the group to hear James excitedly describe the architecture of the house.
“Dr. John Watson?” He asked sternly.
“Kind sir,” Sherlock started, watching the man slowly look up at him, his body wobbly from drinking all day, “how much for your clothes?”
Madame Loire peeked inside the parlor, looking around nervously before looking back at Mr. McArthur. “Of course, Monsieur.” She responded before turning around quickly to get back to the kitchen.
Sherlock wiggled out of the grasp, turning around to see three rough-looking men flanking him. Sherlock shrugged before running away from the men and out into the street. He looked behind himself as he rounded a corner. Sherlock leaned up against a wall, watching the men run past him before he took off in an opposite direction. Sherlock was too caught up in the moment, however, as he collided with something heavy and unmovable in his path.
Mycroft nodded as he searched around in his coat pocket for the special visitors pass to show the guard. “Yes, we’re here to visit Dr. John Watson. You’ll see that we have the required pass signed by Inspector Lestrade from Scotland Yard.”
James hesitated as he approached the door, taking a deep breath before walking briskly out of the house and toward their automobile. Mary wasn’t too far behind, but she stayed on the portico, looking back and forth out onto the driveway, too scared to follow.
“Watson.” Sherlock called as he stayed facing the safe.
Mycroft returned the expression, seemingly unmoved. “Sherlock, I am not moving. You’re too upset. Do you really want to continue in the state you’re in? You may end up a making costly mistake.”
“If you’re not willing to explain what concrete evidence you have,” John could hear Sherlock shout, “then I’m speaking with Lestrade!”
“Watson,” he started as John took a few steps toward him, “I’m sorry about all of this, but I did what I thought was necessary. The police—”
“Oy! Sit down.”
“Sherly!” Mycroft called again. He looked down the length of the side walkway leading from the back of the house to the front to ensure that no one had heard Sherlock breaking into the house.
Suddenly, John struggled to breath. He fell to the floor, heavy heavily to himself, overwhelmed by the lengths someone was going through to see him executed for murder.
Sherlock looked up at John before returning to his notes. “Nothing. Just that…” He leaned backward in his chair, posing thoughtfully.
. Moriarty smiled slightly as he pulled the top of the book downward before placing it upright. He stepped to the side as a mechanism embedded within the bookcase clicked.
Wiggins nodded quickly as he accepted the note. “O’ course, Mr. ‘olmes!”
Mycroft shook his head. “I won’t reveal his identity, but I can help you trace these vials, Sherly.” He pointed back to the vials on Sherlock’s desk.
“Sherly.” Mycroft squeaked, holding his elbow that was bruised from the fall. He rolled back and forth on his back until Sherlock reappeared again, trying to help him up to feet.
Sherlock nodded slowly as he looked upward at John. “Well, we have some time to ourselves now, that’s if you’re not too tired from the night’s proceedings…”
“Now then…” Sherlock ran a finger down the log pages.
“Holmes!” John shouted once more, forcing himself to his feet. He hobbled over to Sherlock who was looking down and out the opening. John joined him to see Detective Bayne’s body crumbled up on the edge of the cliff.
“Prisoners on the Loose from Westgate!”
“…murder…?” John let out, clearly disturbed that Dr. Carberry was dead, yet unable to fully articulate himself.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock squinted his eyes at his companion before facing the group once more. “See, there you have it. Now, Mycroft, please.” He motioned for his brother to herd the guests into the solarium.
Bridget, realizing that she couldn’t wiggle her way out of the question, nodded slowly. “Yes…”
“Watson!” Sherlock shouted as he was now dealing with the two other train employees. John looked behind himself before looking at the employee he had halted.
John groaned as he rolled over onto his side, feeling next to him, expecting to feel Sherlock. He opened his eyes slightly as he noticed that he was alone in the bed. John let out another groan as he turned slowly onto his back, feeling all the aches from escaping the bombing as well as all the aches from the last few days.
“Watson, please. You’re carrying on like a broken phonograph.” Sherlock limped slightly to sit in a chair next to the fireplace.
“Come along, Watson.” Sherlock grabbed his companion’s elbow once more as he dragged him to the corner and out of eyesight of Coney as he finally broke away from his conversation to walk into
Mamhud stared directly at John and Sherlock. “May I go? I have nothing else to say.”
To be honest, Lestrade, despite his antics and mannerisms, always appreciated having the famed Sherlock Holmes assist him in cases. However, as the days wore on, every incident that had any relevancy to the case only added more damning evidence to John’s supposed guilt.
Sherlock nodded again, providing John with a reassuring smile. “It’s quite all right, Watson. I would never interfere with your work.”
Henry shook his head, still cowering but with his revolver still facing Sherlock, prompting Gladstone to howl and bark even louder.
“Stop where you are!” One the officers shouted at everyone.
“This!” John threw the newspaper across the breakfast table which ended up landing on Sherlock’s toast.
Sherlock attempted another smile before rummaging through his pants pockets for Wiggins's usual payment, but he soon remembered that John was always the one who paid Wiggins his finder’s fee. The thought made Sherlock groan painfully as he slumped down in the chair at his desk, covering his face with one hand, finally succumbing to the crushing weight that someone was framing John for murder.
“Yes, Mr. Holmes is known even far away in the east.”
Ambient classical music played on as a nicely dressed man wearing his night attire was disturbed by the front door’s bell. The man looked up from his book, thinking one of his servants would answer the door, but a minute passed before he was disturbed by another ring.
After finding the book he needed, he flipped through the pages as he walked the book over to his desk. Sherlock scanned the pages as he inspected the samples, running his fingers along the pages before rising from the desk to fetch another book.
John looked around the street. He could see someone standing next to a hansom shouting for someone to call the police. John nodded as he let Sherlock guide him into an alley to wait for a clear opening before calling on a hansom to drive them back to Mycroft’s estate.
Detective Baynes chuckled as he holstered his revolver. “I guess that’s only fair considering you would have hanged for Carberry’s murder anyway.”
Some more footsteps. “You found him just like this?”
Bridget gasped dramatically, making it obvious that she did in fact recognize the knife.
Sherlock sighed loudly to himself, but so much so that it disturbed Mycroft who had dropped the knife he was using to spread butter on his toast.
Sherlock squinted his eyes before smiling back. “You seem to be in a good mood, Watson.” He added as he walked ahead of John into the room.
James nodded with a shrug. “Maybe, but—”
John shook his head. “I don’t understand, Holmes. Why would the judge who presided over Schuller’s case be meeting with Coney?”
“Follow me, Watson.” Sherlock watched for the front post to make sure it was clear before sprinting to the entrance.
John sighed as he crept slowly toward Sherlock to avoid making any noise along the walkway. “Holmes.” He whispered sharply as he took a hold of Sherlock’s arm.
“You say that your lovely museum attracts many academics, helping with the historical interpretation, no doubt?”
“I’m not entirely sure yet, but I’m going to find out. This must have something to do with whomever is framing Watson.” Sherlock’s body dipped up and down along his library shelves until he found the book he was looking for.
“Watson, we need to leave immediately.” Sherlock responded.
Suddenly, as the train eventually glided to a complete and bumpy stop, a group of local police officers appeared in the luggage car, wielding their guns.
Moriarty opened the journal, thumbing through the pages until he found the entry he was looking for.
Sherlock nodded. “I agree, dear. But he managed to give us another clue to this mystery.”
“What?” John answered back, looking at the safe and then the door to the office as Sherlock hustled him out into the hallway.
“Holmes…the trail stops at the window.” John whispered.
“I’m going to look through my notes until dinner.” Sherlock sprang from the bed toward his traveling archive.
“Let’s look for repeats in the visitor book and then match the names to donations in this book…” Sherlock instructed.
Sherlock and John were standing on the docks floating on top of the Delaware River. Sherlock was taking in the scene while John was holding all their luggage.
The man stepped forward as he pulled out a pair of handcuffs. “Can you please come with me, Dr. Watson?”
“Mr. ‘olmes! I asked all around!” Wiggins ran into the sitting room, holding out a dirty, torn scrap of paper, “there’s a graveyard worker in Whitechapel that’s been seen with the stuff in the vials.”
Sherlock shrugged. “The police are the least of our worries. We can’t trust the Yard.”
Again, Sherlock’s expression changed marginally. John could tell that he had taken the comment to heart which also somewhat surprised John; it concerned him that his companion appeared to assume that he didn’t trust him or go the same lengths that Sherlock had done for him.
John sighed as he rubbed his forehead, not entirely sure what he should do or say. He had explicitly told Sherlock not to get himself into further trouble with the murder case, yet here they were, siloed in one of Mycroft’s estates after having escaped from Westgate.
École as my son calls it. All I know is it was expensive. The school’s tuition was free—even for Americans!—But James’s lifestyle habits put a dent in my account!” He laughed heartily as he looked back at his son who looked annoyed by the conversation.
“Likewise, Dr. Watson.” Mary greeted back, now seemingly less spooked than she was before.
The door to the back room shook as someone tried to enter. Sherlock grabbed some of the vials from the case before running back to the window that looked out onto the back street. He hoisted himself up and out of the window, leaning up against the wall just as the door to the back room opened.
“Distract whoever answers the door. I’m going around to the back…”
“Dr. Watson!” John’s back was met with the heartiest slap which nearly doubled him over.
“On to Morpeth, dear!” Sherlock limped quickly to retrieve their coats, but he groaned in pain as he crossed the room.
“…this…,” John began slowly, “is such a mess…,” he leaned forward to place his head in his hands, “this is a mess…I don’t know how we’re going to get out of it.”
“May I help you?” Lestrade questioned cautiously, remarking to himself that his service revolver was in his desk and easily accessible.
But whatever attempt on John’s part only made Sherlock even more visibly upset. John sighed as Sherlock remained silent, hanging his head as he leaned up against the bars. John could hear Sherlock sniffling quietly.
Mary gasped; James looked around awkwardly; Mr. McArthur’s mouth fell open from not being able to respond; and Madame Loire stood firmly in place as if unwilling to explain.
“Come on, dear! We don’t want to lose daylight!” Sherlock shouted from inside as John finished packing the items.
“No, dear. Not this time because I knew you would fuss. This is all of ours,” he pointed to the pieces he separated from the rest, “and it seems as if you have stolen someone else’s valuables.” He pointed behind John at a couple of women standing behind them, clearly annoyed that John had taken their bags.
John perked up. “Hans Schuller? You mean
John heaved a heavy sigh; he was too angry to respond so he just let Sherlock clumsily hail a hansom back to Mycroft’s.
Moriarty laughed as he slapped a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. “Of course not, Mr. Holmes! I think that’s been the most intriguing analysis of my work I’ve come across in quite some time. I do appreciate the scholarly nudge.” He winked at Sherlock.
James stepped toward his father with his arms out. “Father, thank you so much!” He tried to give Mr. McArthur a hug, but the latter recoiled before settling into the embrace.
Silence punctuated the end of Madame Loire’s sentence as everyone in the room looked back and forth at one another, disturbed by the revelation.
“Holmes, what did I say? You need to cooperate with police.”
“Turner’s enduring symbol of British resilience.” Sherlock quickly added.
“Dear Dr. Watson, your room is on the
Sherlock cleared his throat. “Yes, madam. We’re looking for a friend of ours, Henry Hampford. I think I remember him telling us that he lived here.”
John raised an eyebrow before slowly returning to his seat. “What is it?”
“Holmes,” Lestrade stepped in front of Sherlock before he could walk away, “don’t get involved.”
“Let me go with you,” Mary pleaded, “I can help.”
“Stanley! Stanley! For god’s sake, what is that terrible shrill?”
…” John posed thoughtfully before turning to face Sherlock who now looked to be taking a nap.
Sherlock barely acknowledged his companion as he continued to marvel at people hustling about in front of them.
John looked around the property, still in a daze of confusion. “Holmes, for god’s sake. What on earth are you doing?”
“Lestrade,” Sherlock started, trying to keep his anger in check, “how can there be a trial when you haven’t even proved Watson’s guilt?”
Schuller turned slightly to place his notepad on the table behind him before taking his time to face Moriarty who was becoming visibly agitated by Schuller’s behavior.
Sherlock straightened his outfit out as best as he could, donning one of the woman’s hats, before exiting the compartment. He looked back and forth down the corridor before shrieking at the top of his lungs, calling for help. He then waited for a minute or so before a train employee appeared at the other end of the car.
“Dr. Schuller, sir. We can’t move him anywhere else…he’s already destroyed the last set up—”
Sherlock kept his eyes on his book. “Resting.”
Lestrade looked past Detective Baynes down the hallway to ensure they were alone. “I would like to go over the facts with you…” Detective Baynes sighed but Lestrade pressed on, reaching out a hand in a defiant position, “I don’t think everything has been considered.”
“You might get a shag just for that.” Sherlock perks up.
It slowly tumbles down.
“Umm, ye-yeh that would be great Mycroft, thanks.”
Sherlock licked at John’s cock before taking it into his mouth. He had done this before, once or twice but he was high so it didn’t count.
He shuffled over to John and leans his head on John’s shoulder while he stirred the sugar in. John turns his head and kisses Sherlock’s forehead.
“Mother please stop. You’re so embarrassing. Why are you even here? Can’t you just send a card like you do every year.” His mother tuts again,
When Sherlock finishes John just barely whispers “Amazing” and Sherlock beams, their eyes lock and John smiles back.
John finally enters and takes off his coat, hanging it up
Mycroft texts to say he will send someone to deliver his new kit and duffel bag. He leaves everything out on the bed he will need to pack which isn’t much because he’s John Watson, soldier again, and takes time to clean up the flat the best he can.
Sherlock yells when the cab pulls up beside him.
Sherlock just stares at John’s lips and waits.
Hi everyone.
Sherlock interrupts him. “Of course you need repayment. Can’t you just do something nice for your brother for once in your life. Of course not. Fine, what is it that you want from me. Go see mother on her birthday. Ring her once a month.”
Sherlock’s very happy. He flings himself onto John who barely catches him in a hug.
“John.” He starts, at the same time John says “Sherlock.”
John speeds his thrust up and they start to become erratic. He’s about to come. Sherlock grasps onto him and whispers into his ear.
Sorry for the short chapters just trying to get the story set up and hopefully next chapter will be longer as it will be a case fic.
John figures the old uniform from 8 years ago probably won’t fit and aren’t regulation anymore. So John goes and finds he doesn’t need to go up a size which is surprising considering he and Sherlock rarely eat anything other than take out and also not surprising with the amount of running around he does before eating said take out.
