“You’re stuck with us forever,” said George.
A long car ride later, Harry, Sherlock, John, and Professor McGonagall were stood outside an old pub. There was a faded sign that read 'The Leaky Cauldron'. McGonagall pushed open the door and waited for the others to follow. Harry grabbed his fathers' hands and pulled them into the pub.
They went to just about every store, mainly looking at cool things and buying what they needed to solve the case. Just as they were leaving The Apothecary, Harry bumped into someone wearing pure white, with bright green hair and black aviators.
I'm not quite back, but I had a small amount of free time and was able to write this. I don't know when I'll get the chance to post again, but until then, enjoy this. And thank you for waiting.
However, if you did have a trained eye - as was the case of Sherlock Holmes - you would notice things that would seem insignificant to anyone else. Like the constant wary looks, the fact that they spoiled their child so much he screamed if he wasn't holding something brand new, as if to tell the child before them that he was the greatest and the only one that mattered, something that an only child would have no reason not to believe.
"That's enough," said Ollivander. The tape measure crumbled to the ground and Ollivander handed Harry a wand. The second the boy took it, it was snatched from his hands. "No..." Another was handed to him, and Ollivander took that one too.
Once the crowd had settled down the Headmistress stepped on stage.
"When I call your name, you will put on the hat and sit on the stool to be sorted," she said. "Abbott, Hannah!"
“Text me if the pin moves,” said Sherlock, putting on his coat.
"Yeh'll get yer firs' sight o' Hogwarts in a sec," said Hagrid. The narrow path opened up onto the bank of a massive black lake. There were many sounds of awe from the front of the group. Harry cursed his small build and stood up on his tip-toes to look over the heads of his peers.
"Well then, let's go," said Sherlock. The three of them continued walking through the bustling crowd, making their way towards platforms nine and ten. Hedwig received a lot of odd looks.
And thank you for reading and leaving feedback, every one of you is awesome!
Where dwell the brave at heart,
"He's not serious?" Draco muttered to Harry.
Gringotts' goblins today insisted that nothing had been taken. The vault that was searched had in fact been emptied the same day.
While it simmered, Sherlock and John grabbed all the maps they could find, laying them out all over the living room floor. Lestrade, after everything was explained to him very quickly, grabbed a ball of string and secured it to the light, allowing enough length for it to reach the floor of all four corners of the room. Then he threaded a needle and waited with everyone else until the potion was finished.
"I meant no disrespect," said Hagrid, holding his nose in an attempt to get the blood to stop. Sherlock and John ignored him. Mycroft just looked at him disapprovingly.
(See the end of the chapter for
Both Sherlock and Harry were ecstatic. They were in a taxi to the courthouse and neither could stop smiling. When they arrived, they practically sprinted into the building.
"Nothing, just coats." Sherlock nodded.
It took no more than half an hour before Harry was dipping the needle in the potion and casting a spell he’d made up to begin the tracking process. The needle swung around for a few moments before jerking violently to one corner of the room and firmly embedding itself in the paper of a map. Harry ran over to the map. Upon seeing where it was, he grabbed a more detailed map of the same area. The pin once again pierced the paper and Harry was able to see the exact address; Shieldhill Castle Hotel.
Hey, sorry, school’s been really busy and I’ve been working on a lot of things recently, but I’m slowly getting back into it. Not making any promises, but I should hopefully speed up slightly.
"And finally, I must tell you that this year, the third-floor corridor on the right-hand side is out of bounds to everyone who does not wish to die a very painful death." Dumbledore wasn't joking. Harry stared out him. Who the hell says that going into a corridor will kill you? Was it locked? Why were there deadly things in a school?
“I got this book out a few days ago, for some light reading.” Draco looked at her in disbelief.
"Not today, Tom. I'm on school business." Tom nodded, then caught sight of Harry.
"Your dad got a bit drunk and into a fight. He's not going to want to move until tomorrow, so we're staying here for the night," said Sherlock. Harry nodded, unsurprised. Sherlock showed him where his room was, then left him to his own devices. Harry picked up one of the books he had bought and started to read, staying in his room for the rest of the night, reading until the next morning.
He slowed only when he reached the library, carefully reading the spines of each book he walked past before coming to a stop at Madam Pince's desk.
"I've found a new flat that we can move into soon. I just need to find a flatmate," said Sherlock.
Malfoy swaggered forward when his name was called and got his wish at once: the hat had barely touched his head when it screamed, "SLYTHERIN!"
"The Dursleys were deemed unfit to look after me. I'm fairly sure they lost custody of my cousin as well."
“But John-“
“The doctor in love with the detective,” she looked delighted as John’s expression turned to that of horror.
John stared at her.
John smiled sadly, grabbing Sherlock’s head and pulling him in for a gentle kiss. Sherlock started to sob against his lips. They pulled away from each other when they heard footsteps running towards them form the other end of the alley.
“I’m sorry for being stupid.” Sherlock whispered. John just reached up and stroked the dark mop of curls on his head. The detective leaned into his touch.
He went into the living room and watched the setting sun as it sunk slowly towards the horizon. He didn’t have to wait long before he heard the front door slam open and footsteps run up the stairs. A moment later, the door to the flat opened and Sherlock stood frozen in the doorway as he noticed John standing in front of the window.
Sherlock met John’s eyes before looking back at her.
“You missed,” he whispered. John stared at him, confused until he finally understood what he meant. He smirked and held the man’s head in his hands before leaning down.
“Hello?” the voice was so familiar it hurt. He’d missed her more than he’d realised.
“Yes, we want some information,” he explained, making the dominatrix smile wider.
They waited for a while, before Lestrade got a call and had to leave. John watched Sherlock and moved a stray hair out of his face. He smiled at the soft feeling, ending up running his fingers through his curls.
“They are real, Mr. Holmes,” Irene grinned devilishly.
The man looked slightly baffled. John wanted to enjoy the moment, listen to the deductions and just feel like he usually did when Sherlock worked. Sadly, his amazement was pushed down by the thought of being so close to where his former partner had just finished one of her jobs.
“We’ve been together for five days,” John said slowly, frowning slightly. Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“I don’t know if I can anymore,” he said and took the goggles off. He let them down on the table beside the feather. “Thanks for bringing them. I appreciate it.”
John groaned. Letting his head slump towards his chest in defeat.
Hope you enjoy the chapter!
The woman smiled knowingly.
John chuckled weakly placing a hand against the detective’s cheek. His breath rattled in his chest. Sherlock tried to figure out where the bullet had hit, but he couldn’t see anything.
John stared at him, obviously trying to see if it was a trick or something. Sherlock waited patiently until the man nodded sharply.
The light feeling of relief that had washed over him a minute ago was gone. Fear once again settled in his stomach and he wanted to puke. Sherlock continued:
He pulled out his now charged phone and dialled the number. He didn’t have to wait long before someone answered.
I hope you enjoyed it :D
“No problem,” she grinned. “And this must be the famous Mr. Sherlock Holmes, I presume?”
he found out,” he corrected himself. The only thing he could do was delay the inevitable. He had to make sure it would take longer, if only to be able to spend more time with his best friend before either being caught or fleeing.
Sherlock placed an arm over his eyes to shield out the light from the setting sun outside the window.
Sherlock squinted at him.
Which was the reason why he was laying on the cold floor, face down with tears threatening to fall. The feeling of betrayal making his chest ache. How could he have been so stupid?
“Hi,” John started. “Long time, no see.”
“Yes?”
“What was it that you wanted to talk about?” she asked, watching them curiously.
“Yeah, just in the area. What floor?”
“I think you’ll have to keep the wings out until the skin has healed,” she said as she started to untangle some of the feathers. “And you should probably preen them. They look like they’ve been through hell and back.”
“I can’t live without you,” the man started to sob. John continued closer to him, feeling his heart beat faster.
Everything had started after John came home from Afghanistan. He knew his skills were good. Both as a doctor, and behind the aim point on a rifle. He had wanted to change his past life. If anyone asked him what he did before his service in the military, he would lie. The truth would be too weird and complicated for a normal person. He couldn't just tell someone he had been one of the most well known assassins in the world. The other one was his past partner in crime, whom he hadn't seen in years. Sometimes he wondered if he would ever see her again.
He turned just in time to see the detective staring after them with wide eyes. Sirens were screaming in the distance, not knowing that their prisoner had just escaped.
Sherlock sighed as the car pulled to a stop in front of the familiar building. Just walking through the silent halls made his skin crawl. He had a bad feeling about this meeting. He had learned to trust his instincts, but this time he really wanted to forget about them. His curiosity, however, made him continue forward towards the room where his brother waited.
“Stay with me?” he whispered into John’s hair.
“I’m planning on talking to him as soon as he’s back tonight,” he said and leaned back in the chair.
“I’ll take the case.”
Sherlock tried to answer when John lifted a hand to stop him. He sighed and pulled up his phone, probably sending a text to Lestrade about finding one of the serial killers. The assassin put the phone back again and was about to say something more when he grabbed his gun and spun around. Sherlock hadn’t noticed the man waking up and pulling out a gun. John wasn’t able to fire quickly enough. The serial killer pulled the trigger, hitting John as the assassin fired. The bullet hit the man right between his eyes, killing him instantly. John staggered backwards before leaning heavily against the wall. He slid down slowly and dropped his gun to the ground. He was breathing heavily, squeezing his eyes shut.
He stopped in the stairs up to their flat.
“Hold still, it’ll warm up eventually,” Owl scolded him. He tried to relax, but flinched at an especially sore spot. She finished up and put the small bottle on the coffee table. “There, now we just wait a bit for the skin to soften slightly. You’re going to be fine, just take it easy.”
That’s when a huge shadow came flying towards them. The serial killer didn’t know what happened before he was laying on his back with a man standing on his chest. Two huge wings straightened out behind him and a pair of vintage steam punk goggles covered his eyes. The man on the ground started to gulp up blood before passing out.
“In about ten minutes, I would guess,” Mrs. Hudson said. “Oh, John it’s so nice to see you back here,” she gave him a quick kiss on the cheek and a hug before walking towards the door to the stairs.
“There is something I need to tell you,” John whispered as he pressed himself against the back of the chair. “I think-“
John sighed and took a long sip from the warm liquid.
It took an hour before the man on the couch stirred. John turned to look at him and was met with a confused looking Sherlock. He seemed entirely out of it, to be honest. It was adorable.
Sherlock blushed and climbed in beside him. John crawled under the duvet, rolling over until he was laying on his stomach with his head resting on Sherlock’s chest.
“I’m guessing you haven’t seen them being unfolded before?” John tried to lift his wings off the ground, groaning as pain shot through the skin surrounding them.
“How do you know?” John was afraid to hear the answer.
“Yes, Sherlock. Don’t make this worse for me than it already is.”
“Well, Mr. Holmes, what can I say?” she giggled after her laughter had died down a bit. “
“Yeah, I have it, why?”
“Is it about the weight you’ve gained?” He tilted his head in question. John couldn’t help but think of it as kind of cute. What? He could say that about his best friend, right?
“Then you should know better about how to treat yourself,” the assassin sighed before leaving the room again.
“I’m not going anywhere,” John held his hand tighter. Sherlock looked at him in awe. “I’m staying with you until you throw me out.”
Footsteps were coming up the stairs. John recognised them immediately as Mrs. Hudson’s, and felt himself panic for a second before sneaking towards Sherlock’s bedroom. He closed the door silently behind him and listened for the old landlady. He could hear her walking around, probably dusting and cleaning a bit. The sudden screech from the kettle made him jump. He’d totally forgotten about that.
“Thank you,” John took the two items and plugged the charger into the phone. It lit up and he smiled.
Before John knew it, Sherlock dragged him to his feet. The doctor just held on for dear life, not wanting to let go just in case this was just some fantasy.
“I want to see the tattoos first,” the dominatrix walked behind him. John supressed the urge to roll his eyes. There was a stunned silence for a moment before he felt cold fingers trace the outline of his wings.
John tried his best not to laugh at the rambling. He hugged the man tighter and was about to say something when he felt the detective go limp in his arms.
By the time John got back to the farmhouse, he was bawling like a child. He threw the fire arm to the ground and almost collapsed when his feet hit the ground as he landed. He ended up sprawled over the steps to the porch, crying as his heart felt broken once more. He didn’t even hear Owl landing beside him, and only noticed her when she pulled him into a tight embrace, shushing him softly. He hadn’t had this type of episode for a while.
“He isn’t wrong,” he looked at Mycroft. The older Holmes brother sighed and leaned on his umbrella.
“John?” he whispered and felt his knees go weak when the man smiled softly at him.
“Sherlock?” he asked, quickly checking for a pulse. He found a weak one, but that didn’t mean he was out of danger. He sprung into action, hoisted the detective up into his arms and ran down the stairs, hoping to God that Lestrade was still there. He wasn’t. Of course, he wasn’t. John tried not to panic. He didn’t have his phone on him, and it seemed like Mrs. Hudson was out.
Not only did Sherlock start to notice his weird behaviour. He also began to use his underground network to find all the information he could on the “Birds of prey”. The fact that Sherlock hadn’t figured him out yet was incredible.
“Great!” Jim exclaimed. “Do you have the shoes?”
“It could just be some guy wanting to end drug dealing to children,” John said and regretted it the moment the words left his lips. Not only was that statement highly unlikely, but it was stupid enough to grab Sherlock attention.
“Even if he has got tattoos, it doesn’t mean he’s the missing assassin,” Sherlock tried to find a way to doubt his brother’s statements. The problem was that the more he thought about it, the more it made sense.
. And if you continue like this, I’ll leave you again. I can’t watch you kill yourself,” John paced a few steps back and forth before stopping in front of Sherlock. The detective tried his best to sit up, his head aching after being slammed against the wall. “I didn’t know what to do when I woke up and found out you’d left,” John continued. “You could at least have told me where you were going.”
"Oh yeah. It's rather large, so nothing to worry about there. I'm afraid it is a joint room, though. It'll be me, you and Abel."
“Of course. Good luck!” John called back, as he watched Molly get dragged off by the boy.
It armed Harry decided to continue their conversation in form of a title-less email with a list of potential jobs.
The room was rather spacious, it had four bunk beds, one pushed up each corner of the room. Between each of the beds there was a small desk and chair, both neatly pushed against the wall, one had some office supplies scrawled across it. The wall across him had three small wooden cabinets, one next to another, pushed against it. Above it was a big, currently closed, window.
It wasn't much to take in the whole house.
Both do their jobs daily, and the children, who've now warmed up to John, look forward to spending time with the two, hopefully together.
John sighed, he was really getting nowhere, though he couldn't say he minded too much. He was all too familiar with the notion that in any randomly assorted bunch working as closely together as the Baker’s crew, there was bound to be at least one person who wasn't as much of a team player.
John decided to go by the method of elimination. He started with clinics he's already applied for and turned down when they returned his call, moved on to any facilities that seemed to be more research based, teaching positions and the like, and so forth. He had a long day ahed of him.
The boy reached them now, making a beeline towards Molly, he sobbed loudly, “I’m sorry, ma’am. I think, I. I definitely,” he exclaimed, waving his hands around as he talked. “I think I ruined it,” he finally managed, pointing generally in the direction he came from, he looked up at her and then turned his head right back down.
anyway that’s the story
His eyes fluttered open, heavily. He could feel the sweat under his clothes, and over his sheets, as he lay unmoving in the dark. He could hear his own heartbeat. Unmoving, he lay on his bed for a few minutes, going over the dream top to bottom, as if writing it in a mental dream log.
The caretaker didn't seem too worried on his part, keeping a stoic frown as the scene developed.
They were all well picked choices, he noticed. Nothing too fancy, all manageable both in terms of getting accepted and in terms of what he was capable of doing. John felt a mix of irritation and fondness at Harry for the email, he was tired of her trying to fix everything by getting him up on his legs and moving, but felt a strange warmness by knowing how much she'd improved over the past two years or so, since he returned. She was finally able to take care of herself, properly, and John was more than glad to see the thought she put into the list, as much as it made him feel like the pet goldfish given to a child to learn to be responsible.
Martha, he assumed, stood proudly at the entrance and beckoned him in.
also it’s my notes as-is so again. sorry
He was absolutely one of them, and the children treated him with a mix of adoration and respect.
He was getting a bit nervous, though not necessarily in a bad way.
After reaching a small office at the second floor of the building, John was sat down to 'talk business', as Martha put it. He was surprised there was little actual talk about his experience and abilities as much as there was about the place and his working conditions. It didn't take much to figure out he wasn't going to have much of an interview, once he'd handed in some basic information about himself.
"Uhm. Excuse me?" he tried, a bit lost.
John discovers the children are uncomfortable with the disappearance of the child, through his best friend who comes for treatment for a minor wound. John is suddenly active trying to find the source again, though less obviously.
"Oh, it's just lovely to see you here, John. We were ever so worried about getting a nurse for the children, you know?" she tutted while ushering John inside, he let the little demotion slide, for now.
which i mean, that’s what first projects are for right fellas??
“Actually, I’m the doc- oh. Well. Yes, yes I am.” John coughed awkwardly. He might've been getting a bit too used to making that correction around here. “How did you know?” he asked, curious.
“Not at all, a bit boring could be nice now and then.”
The man was tall, all sharp angles, his bone structure oddly visible under a thin, lanky complexion. His face, awkwardly stretched out, changed expressions at about a million miles per second.
Sherlock snickered.
The house itself was rather small, he was surprised to find out. It supported an overall of 27 children, the younger ones, ages 3-7 were under Sherlock’s immediate care, they were the larger group totaling in 15 children. The older ones, 8-12, were under Molly, with a close runner up of 12 children under her care.
“Thank you, Doctor Watson.” Sherlock said. His deep voice sounding a tad loud in John’s ears, now used to Martin’s little squeaks, as he spoke for the first time since he entered.
John turned around to leave, when Greg suddenly whistled to him to get his attention, when he turned back he found the cook throwing a small round bread bun at him.
At some point during the exam, Sherlock sighed loudly from behind him. He was now sitting in the doctor’s chair looking about as bored as John had a few minutes previous.
“Doctor.” John corrected, automatically.
"A joint room." He repeated. John let out a sigh, "I'll admit it's no exactly what I was imagining, but it's nothing unfamiliar."
"That's good, then. Big family? It's a bit different from that, but I'm sure you'll get used to it just fine, given some time." Lestrade concluded, stopping in front of one of the closed doors John and the ginger boy, Martin, passed by earlier.
"You're the new doctor.” Sherlock greeted cooly.
"Oh, definitly, wish I could say that about myself." she laughed in return.
They were both turned to looking at the children now, the little group around them have already ran off once Molly’s attention was turned elsewhere. The woman was wearing a slightly more worried expression, but both seemed content.
John went through the usual procedure and questions. Breath in, breath out. Checking ears and throat for inflammation.
John turns to Sherlock for answers, however Sherlock persists John is reading into things too much, 'of course the child wouldn't understand his friend suddenly leaving'.
anyway.
John tried looking sympathetic, as he continued to look at Martin in silence. He wasn't completely sure what to do in this scenario.
"Not really, just me, my sister, and my mother. It's more of a work-related deal." He corrected, while stepping inside.
john is unsure and scared. sherlock is traumatized and tries hard to protect what he's loved and lived in his whole life
(apparently that was the original plan???? i dislike it now so molly's the caretaker of the older children, hudson is the owner of the orphanage)
John nodded, smiling. He gathered it’d be a hands-on job from the state of the man’s clothes.
Before he knew it, John started on his first days on the job. It was about as boring as he’d initially expected it to be. Molly, being used to treating the children for minor injuries, almost took over his job without meaning to. The children were used to turning to her, and John had a bit of a hard time convincing them he’s at least her equal when it comes to medicine for a scraped knee. He was stuck with filing away lists of the medicines they had on hand and organizing his little ‘nurse’s room’.
John spent most of his days with Greg and Abel, although sometimes he ducked in to say hello to Molly.
"Why of course! Shall we get right to it, then? Come along, now."
The crew continue in daily life.
The store had a small wall-refrigerator closer to the counter, displaying a convenient selection of yogurts and drinks. John grabbed a bottle of iced coffee and turned to the counter, ever greatfull the store was in a rural enough part of the city its prices reflected accordingly.
for those of you who kept interest (impressive) here’s what was going to happen:
Les was an awkward, blonde little thing. His clothes were slightly too large for him, and he was covered in dirt top to bottom. He nodded and took her hand, starting to pull her towards the area he came from.
“Mr Nurse,” Martin smiled proudly, “I’m feeling sick.” he spoke in a very soft voice, just barely audible, but clearly determined.
“Really? That sounds awfully exciting, I hope we don't bore you too much.”
John didn’t need much time to fall sleep.
Harry sighed as she let the silence linger a moment longer on her side of the conversation. It wasn't the first time they had talked about this, and each time she could hear John's awful resistance to the subject. It was clear to her they both aimed for the same thing, so why was he being so difficult?
Greg turned to the little boy holding John's hand, still standing there, nodding along as if he was obviously a crucial part of the conversation.
What he hadn't counted on, was ever having to leave, himself.
This time, though, a bolded (1) was marked down his main inbox.
John smiled sadly, "You got it, Harry. You too."
I'll admit I was incredibly suprised to get comments and kudos, they were a great motivator. I'm very greatful for your support.
Martin looked puzzled for a second, “Dr Nurse,” he offered.
"I think Martin there took you under his wing," Greg laughed.
“She takes care of the older ones. They're out in the garden now, I believe. Their day to tend to it.” Greg explained, “You should go say hello,”
“Of course,” Molly agreed. She seemed a bit distracted now, looking at one of the boys as he made his way towards them.
"That sounds familiar,” he smiled, “thank you.”
Sherlock and John continue in a hesitant, formal relationship.
John didn't get too many emails these days. He almost missed the comical spam mail he used to get, before the era of separate pre-sorted junkmail inboxes.
John nodded sympathetically back at the girl, who was now looking quite proud of herself.
They came to Molly with their successes, and sometimes failures, and she was happy to nod along and give praises under either of the circumstances, with the exception of some of the older kids entering early ‘know all’ teenager mentality.
It was on the way that John noticed a large amount of noise coming from the dining room. The room was actually an open patch on the floor, sharing a wall and a connecting door with the kitchen on one of its closed sides. It was a large space occupied by two long tables, and currently filled to its capacity with about 15 little children. Most seemed roughly six or seven, though some were younger.
"Oh just your everyday handyman. God knows, if anywhere needs a live-in one it's this place.” He laughed.
Sherlock and John grow closer. No longer tip-toing around eachother, Sherlock allows himself to trust John with the kids.
“I see you've been to the kitchen,” she mentioned, nodding towards the bunny-shaped bread he was holding.
The first disappearance, while John present, occurs. It takes him awhile to notice, but he eventually does and looks for an explaination.
He decided on the kitchen first, John remembered which door it was quite clearly what with the back and forth they did yesterday, while cleaning out the food cabinet. He opened the door slightly and peeked inside.
John speaks with Lestrade and Abel a bit more this episode, trying to discover more about the kids and the other workers.
Nervousness was good for the heart, after all, and it came with a twinge of excitement he couldn't help but feel was a bit silly for, considering the situation.
John nodded, surprised, “Of course, Sherlock,” he relied with a bit of a stunned expression, reaching out a hand to the taller man.
Right. Probably a shy one, then. "Could you maybe tell me where Ma- Um, Mrs. Hudson is?" He's going to have to get used to calling her by her last name with the kids.
John considered butting in to greet him for a moment, but eventually decided against it considering how busy he seemed.
John opened the door a bit more and stepped inside, carefully.
Chapter 10: Afterthought
“So,” John started with a deep breath, “Could you tell me what's wrong?” he said, turning to Martin.
sorry for not being able to finish it, but i hope if you liked this you’ll like potential future projects even more!
"Hi. Uhm." John said.
By the time everything was set they all collapsed into their respective beds in relative silence.
“It’s okay, Les. Let's go see it, alright?” Molly said soothingly, patting the boy on the head.
In his short time in the Baker’s Children’s Home, John noticed a very obvious difference in the way the two caretakers acted with their children. Molly opted a mentor approach, giving the children plenty of free room, she gave them the mission or game they were to do next, and let them make what they wanted of it.
Chapter 3: Adaptation. 2k
"Of course. Mrs Hudson, then."
“Alright,” John nodded reasonably, he got up as he reached out a hand to the little boy. Martin took it, and was carefully led to sit on the patients bed.
John was tired. He didn't really notice how many times he woke up that night, but reckoned 9:00am was as good as any hour to crawl out of bed and try and plan his day onwards.
He got up and trying to shrug it off. Nice weather as it was, the winds were still rolling in the cold air, and he regretted not wearing something warmer today. Regardless, he was quite set on enjoying London while he could.
John let the child be. Closer to him was a man of about thirty, running around between the children, clearly attempting and failing to keep the mess contained. He stopped at one of the younger children, barely reaching the child’s hand, clutching his bread, in time to pull it away from his plastic cup full of milk. Clearly a bit too late either way, John thought as he noticed a fair amount of milk splashed on the table and plate in front of him.
The boy cocked his head, then closed his eyes and comically leaned forward, making a bit of a show of it as he, apparently, thought through the request. John couldn't help a small smile.
They were awful neat, he noted, an organized list of titles with either a link or a phone number beside each.
The little things were already registering to him as something of a permanent fixture in the house, he couldn't really imagine it without them.
No, this was different. An unfamiliar setting, unfamiliar requirements, hell, an unfamiliar city. Or lack thereof.
Chapter 4: First Disappearance. 3k
John shook it, "I'm John Watson, going to be the doctor around."
Chapter 8: Outside Source
“Oh, well, I’m sure you'll get along famously,” she added, sounding a bit nervous, “Everyone’s really a great bunch around here.”
"Hello, Martha, lovely to see you," he started with a smile.
"It's nice." said John.
Waking up from a nightmare was always a bit different to him than what he'd seen on tv.
One of the girls, a short thing with long black hair tied into two pigtails, looked up at him curiously. “Milo’s getting a scolding because he walked on the flowerbeds!” she explained in her best business tone.
“Need any help?” Please, god, don't, John pleaded mentally.
He was apparently finished with thinking about it now because the boy opened his eyes and reached a hand out to John, the older man then took it and the boy started paddling down the creaky floorboards, John in tow.
Greg smiled as he finally stretched out from hunching over the bottom ovens, “Nah, I got it covered,” he assured him, with a light pat on the shoulders.
“Hello. John, was it?” asked a voice from across him. The woman was now standing up, reaching out a hand to John. “I’m Molly, it’s lovely to finally meet you,” she said.
“Good morning, Greg.” John replied with a smile, “busy day?” he said sympathetically.
Molly was nice, he decided, if a bit awkward. She seemed to honestly care for the children, at least, and obviously made a good attempt at keeping up the conversation.
First turning to his roommates, then Anderson, then Hudson, the Sherlock, in increasing levels of panic and anger.
The military had a strange habit of getting you used to people changing, strong friendships were made nearly overnight, and having friends go under a job or title change, or being released for different reasons, was something that had him used to friendships seemingly ending overnight as well.
He hoped he wasn't the type to move around too much when he had nightmares.
John sighed. He really did have a long, boring day ahed of him.
John straighten up, "Yes, right. I'm John, I'm going to be the new doctor. I came around earlier with Martha, but I can’t seem to-" John stopped, surprised, as he felt a small tug at his hand. He hadn't noticed the little ginger boy hadn't let go yet.
“Doctor, actually. Not a nurse, but I’ll do my best to match up to the standards.”
Leaving wasn't completely his choice, he could admit that much to himself. He did try and believe it was at least partially his decision. His ties with the city slowly wore off and the initial fire to do anything to stay within it seemed almost childish to him now.
“Well, it’s not that difficult to say,”
"Oh! You're the new nurse,"
"Yeah, ok, Johnny. Stay safe now, you hear?" She concluded teasingly, trying her best not to let her exhaustion reach her voice.
"Mrs Hudson," John corrected. "She said I should stay here for the night." He added, raising the bag slung over his back.
John circled the house carefully. The backside seemed to be, most likely, the alleged garden. It consisted of a few flowerbeds and what he thought were vegetable patches scattered about seemingly at random through the large back yard.
Whenever he checked his email the long list of repeated automated periodical mail stared back at him, a couple of repeating titles he hadn't bothered checking the mails from before mass marking them as 'Read'.
The other, Baskerville's Research Facility, was, as the name suggested, a rather large government-millitary research facility. They had a sleek looking website, minimalistic design, John noted, that seemed to describe what they do in the vaguest way possible. John gathered they worked around the medicinal field, but the rest sounded like the well phrased censorship he often found himself using when asked the wrong question at the wrong time. The job sounded almost nostalgic, but he wasn't sure he wanted all the titles with none of the field work.
The first, Baker's Children Home, was a small orphanage near the countryside. They were listed along with the name of the facility's owner, one Martha Hudson, and a phone number.
The taller man shook his head, "Alright then, let me introduce myself again. I'm Greg Lestrade, I work down at the kitchen." he smiled and offered his hand.
Sherlock, on the other hand, went for a more hands-on approach. He played along with the children during activities, going to his full extent to give attention to everyone.
"Glad it's to your liking," Greg said, raising an eyebrow. "It definitely does grow on you, though. I'll have to talk to Abel before emptying the food cabinet for you," he pointed at the one on the left, "but you can put your stuff on the top of your bunk. Or bottom. Whichever one you're not sleeping on, though I promise you the novelty of  the top bunk wears off very quickly."
“Busy life.” Greg countered, shaking his head. “Just finished up with the first batch, the older kids. The real challenge is up ahed, though. God. Bread and milk, you wouldn't think there's a lot that could go wrong there.”
They agreed John would have a day to do the back and forth between the orphanage and London to get his belongings, mainly clothes, to the house, then another 3 days off work to get himself settled in.
Chapter 9: Confrontation (short chapter?)
John quickly learnt everyone in the house was something of a caretaker alongside Molly and Sherlock. The kids often turned to the workers with questions and requests. Sometimes they were put directly under their care, while their usual caretakers were busy cleaning their messes, preparing for an especially challenging activity, or simply resting.
“Yes. It’s great to meet you as well, Molly,” John smiled as he shook her hand.
it all happens fast. john understands what he needs to do, though he heeds sherlock with a warning first, the man decided to do whatever he can to continue being with his children.
Sherlock, still looking directly at John, raised his hand and put it on Martin’s back. A small but meaningful gesture, John realized, as the little boy’s expression changed to deep concentration.
It was something of a large cottage, it seemed to be made of wood alone, giving the impression  it's both towering high and crumbling low at the same time. Well preserved, but with the obvious wear of time. John felt awful fond of it already.
Unable to hold a steady job, unable to sleep at night, unable to shake his past, he was at a complete loss of what to do.
"Hello, John." said the lanky man, "I'm Abel. I hear you're going to be our new nurse. I hope you've liked the place so far," he smiled.
"I am trying," he sighed into his phone, "it's really not as simple as it sounds." John thought through a mental list of pretty much any medical institution he'd tried applying to within reaching distance. He was proud to say he was quite the brilliant doctor, but 'reaching distance' was becoming much more narrow than he'd like to admit, and his ability to seem willing to work at some small off-hand clinic, treating the common cold, more than anything else, seemed more and more tantalizing.
Mrs Hudson is introduced as the caretaker for the older children, 8-12. Molly Hooper is introduced as the orphanage's owner.
He continued on his quest towards the room, wishing Abel to be awake and present.
John turned back to the house, now that his conversation parter was better occupied.
He'd talked the times and dates through with Martha, who was more than kind and accommodating, but he still couldn't help but feel some level of dread at the situation.
Sherlock looked at it for a second before seemingly remembering what to do with it, then shook his hand awkwardly while pointedly looking away.
i’ve given up on this story. oops
He would barely talk to the other staff at all, John only heard him talk to Martha once or twice, curiously calling her Mrs Hudson, similar to the way the kids did.
“Right then, shall we get you settled?” he declared as he turned around to leave the room, then beckoned to them from the entrance.
The food was then moved to the kitchen, John tried to memorize the entrance and way to it, and, finally they got back. John unpacked his things into the cabinet, while Abel and Greg went to get him sheets and a blanket from one of the storage rooms from the second floor.
original idea:
The children absolutely adored her.
“That sounds great. Before lunch, it is.” he agreed.
Between Molly, who obviously had a one-sided thing going for him, Greg who was all too ready to defend him, and Martha who basically saw him as her own child, the man surely got the approval of the whole house on his side.
Greg hummed softly as he crouched back down to the ovens, this time opening one and poking about inside.
He felt powerless. Not in the physical sense, though of course that was a completely different problem on its own, but in the sense that he was completely hopeless.
a. embarrassed by it
John nodded, it wasn't hard to tell which bunk was his. The other two had white sheets neatly folded on them, as well as a mattress to fold them on. "Uhm, where do I get a-?"
As he searched around for a coin, he couldn't help smiling slightly. He heard once that when you flip a coin, you'll find yourself wishing for the option you truly want while the coin's still in the air, solving the problem for you in a much smoother manner. He wondered if the fact he'd half expected that to happen was what prevented it from playing out, as he stared at the coin now layed nearly on the back of his hand.
“Yes, seemed an awful mess in there,” he laughed.
"Hello," the man said warmly. Giving his face a better look, he was actually quite handsome, soft features, light stubble and pepper salt hair tipping off his age more than anything else.
Eventually he reached out for his phone which was left at the other side of the room, on what used to be the food cabinet. 8:30am. His agreement with Martha on three days off rang clearly in his head as he contemplated getting back into bed with one of the books he shoved in his duffle the day before. Probably best not to, though, it’s going to be hard enough to familiarize himself with the place even without the leisure of not needing to do any actual work during the time.
He decided on the two for one primary reason; both required living on-sight. Each had their own ups and downs, of course, but at the end both seemed dreadfully different from what he'd been used to up until now.
Memorably, he managed to squeeze in a greeting at Sherlock, at which point the man stopped to look at him for about two seconds before striding past him, leaving John completely ignored.
Abel seemed about halfway on his opinion of Sherlock, “He isn't bad…” he said thoughtfully, “An acquired taste, maybe?” the man finished lamely.
The taller man sighed and said something to the child, then continued his dashing between the rest of them. He did seem a bit mysterious, dressed in all darks which contrasted sharply against the overall light interior of the house, but John wasn’t sure he could agree with Molly’s description of handsome.
john and sherlock argue. they also kinda fall in love a little bit during the adrenaline rush
The bread had two little parts sticking out of it on the top, making for a pair of bread bunny ears. John smiled at the little touch.
At the end of the day, John knew he preferred staying in London. He preferred things staying as they were now, as dismal as it seemed to admit it, but there were more than enough reasons to leave. At the very least, he owed it to Harry, who claimed he owed it to himself.
“Oh, is that so?” John hummed in agreement, turning his attention to the only boy in the group.
John agrees and dismisses the awkward responses given by the other workers due to embarrassment, after Sherlock's heated response.
John picked up a fresh set of clothes as he tried to memorize the steps to the 'staff bathrooms', a set of 2 toilet stalls and 3 showers, obviously meant to handle a much larger capacity of staff than the house currently held. He changed quickly and walked back to his room where he shoved the laundry back into his bag. He's going to have to remember to ask where to put it, later. He wasn't sure if he liked the idea of having it done for him or not, considering what a small amount of staff the house actually held.
sherlock refuses john's attempts at making him seem innocent, he also refuses to run away.
After a short call with the lady, John managed to discover the position seemed to be about half nurse, half a general caretaker. The orphanage consisted of a select few workers, fitting for a rather small amount of children overall. It promised a homely, laid down life in the countryside.
“Oh, haven't you met him yet? He takes care of the younger ones. Tall guy, has a kind of mysterious and handsome look to him,” Molly explained, blushing just a bit as she realized how much she revealed.
It didn't take much time to find the large entrance doors. The air outside was warm and fresh, and the entrance was every bit as calmingly green as John remembered it. Put aside the distinct sounds of little children running around, making a fuss, coming from the back of the house.
I finally drew out simple floorplans for the orphanage. Would anyone be interested in seeing that?
“Oh gosh, don't you know it. My kids are hardly anything compared to Sherlock’s though. Silver linings and all that.”
"Could you maybe help me out?" John tried again, doing his best to sound as friendly and non-threatening as a complete stranger could to a 4 year old.
He got out of bed, for one.
“Well, some days definitely feel like a battlefield here,” Molly laughed.
It wasn't the first time John had a ‘black sheep’ situation, so he wasn't too put off by it, but he found it awfully strange how much most the tenants protected the man. In most cases he was familiar with, people who were so obviously rude and unsocial were something of disliked outcasts more than cared for underdogs.
“Sorry I didn't have the time to come around yesterday,” she shook her head apologetically, “it’s really nice having a real nurse around, though. I did my best after Mary left, but there's only so much I can do.” she sighed.
John, on his part, focused on getting used to the place. The house was smaller than he originally gave it credit for, and he managed to memorize most rooms by the second day in.
After carrying in the mattress and setting it on the empty bottom bunk, they got on to working through the food cabinet. It turned out to be one of the three identical cabinets, obviously made for storing clothes, with dry foods and some cans and drinks stocked up inside them. Abel and Greg explained it was for nights when they were too lazy to walk all the way to the proper kitchen.
"Doctor, actually. And absolutely, it's nice to meet you. Greg never mentioned what your job was, around the house?" John replied politely, getting up from the floor where he'd been sitting bored out of his mind.
They passed what John could only assume was the dining room, as well as a couple of other closed doors. Eventually, the boy stopped, and John looked up to see an amused looking 40-something year old man looking back at them, he wore a simple grey sweater and some sweatpants, both looking torn up to the point John couldn't call them anything but his work clothes.
“He ain't as bad as it seems,” Greg assured him. The older man was looking a bit worried, as if he were trying a bit too much to protect the other man’s name.
Behind it were a very silent Martin and Sherlock. John gave them both equally soothing smiles, gesturing for them to sit down on the little kiddie chairs he set up in the room, to make it look more like a ‘real examination room’.
"Our room?"
"I heard you were gonna come today. That's great then, let me show you around," he continued while patting his hands on his sides again, setting off two little clouds of white powder.
Some of the names he recognized, clinics and medical centers he'd skimmed though, himself, before partially giving up on finding a job he can hold anytime soon.
"I'm Greg," he said, patting his hands on his sides to shrug off some white powder that was sticking to them. Flour, probably. The cook, then. "How can I help you?"
Anderson is briefly mentioned as the place's coordinator and social worker. He's awful bad at his job and Mr. Hudson does most of the work instead.
First of all, there was no gasping for air. There was no shooting up out of bed in despair.
Of course, that applied both ways. Where Molly naturally fit into the hustle of the house, a good-natured easy relationship that developed between the older tenants, Sherlock was something of a black sheep.
It was actually quite a nice surprise, if not slightly degrading to the job.
john meets sherlock at the prison. sherlock asks about the kids, and john tells him what he can. john asks about sherlock. john tries again to plead sherlock to expain the situation, knowing full well sherlock's past in the place can have him  innocent. sherlock reveals john's motives have more to do with personal guilt and a savior complex than the shorter man is willing to admit. sherlock calmly refuses.
He often kept to his room, or wandered around the house aimlessly. On the second day he went out to the garden again, and ended up helping Molly fix the mess the younger kids made of it the same morning.
"Sure is," John replied, "I was thinking it'd be nice to use the opportunity to get out a little before the rain returns."
i don’t actually remember where i left off so sorry if i’m missing anything / repeating anything
The next couple of days flew by in a haze.
John is starting to get used to life in the orphanage.
hey guys
"Keep it up, then! I'm rooting for you," he laughed as he packed up and waved goodbye before leaving the store.
John eventually returns to apologize to Sherlock, the two have a deeper conversation and Sherlock admits to his brother's, Mycroft's, past in the orphanage, still hiding the disappearances.
“Have you met Molly yet?”
to clarify, the orphanage are selling off the older kids illegally to families which aren’t able to clear the governmental tests for adoption. sherlock grew up in the orphanage so even though he knows it’s wrong, he continues to protect it, mycroft was one of the kids taken away. here’s what i had written as a concept
John couldn't help a smile, but he gave Sherlock a small scolding look for good measure. “Could you tell me what you're feeling more specifically, Martin?”
John cleared his throat, "let's talk about this later, yeah?" he pleaded, "I wouldn't want to take up any more of your time, anyway."
John smiled, the boy seemed quite happy to show him around, indeed.
Plus, John didn't actually know anything about children, so he probably wasn't the best reference point on how you should raise one.
"Studies going well?" John asked, trying his best smile. She always reminded him of Sarah Swayer, a student he shared a class with back in his training days.
The first stop was a small bakery a few blocks away. It was always rather quiet there, it probably mainly kept its head above the water thanks to a few small offices nearby.
john finally chatches on. it terrifies him and he doesn't know what to do.  sherlock reveals his past fully, but continues to protect the orphanage. sherlock is aggressive, like a wounded animal protecting its home. john is stuck in a dillema and begins folding towards not saying a thing
Sherlock is a long time worker at an orphanage johh recently started working at. the orphanage actually have to do with child trafficking, sherlock is aware but seeing as he grew up in the orphanage he's powerless. mycroft was one of the kids that had been sold off, purely in order to shut sherlock up after he curiously prodded too much into the disappearance of a Carl Powers.
Sherlock calms him down by telling him he's being ridiculous; this is an orphanage, of course children come and go.
He noticed a distinctive orange mop at the far side of one of the tables. The short boy looked up and caught his eye, immediately smiling and giving him a little wave. John waved back, happy to see at least one of the children was already warming up to him. John wondered how long it'll be before Martin, his little guide through the house as of yesterday, would actually speak to him.
it's the holidays and the non-permanent crew is released to their homes. john, not being a caretaker, goes home to Harry. they don't get along very well but seeing her and speaking to her, and generally being away from the orphanage, makes him understand his mistake
The rest of the day went by quickly. Between trains and busses, awkwardly shuffling his things in a green duffle bag he had from his army days, he was back at the orphanage by late evening.
There were about 10 children running about, carrying little green watering cans and plastic shovels, looks completed with gardening gloves obviously too large for them.
Looking through the room revealed Greg has already left, his sheets were just about all over the place, including a set of shorts and a tee-shirt mangled up in the mess. Across the room was Abel's bed, still very much occupied.
things changed a lot while i was writing it but the spine stays more or less the same?
“Hello. What have we here?” he asked warmly, once he approached the little group.
Martha and Sherlock more often than not seemed to live at a separate pace, notoriously busy.
Martin nodded proudly, then turned to John. The doctor smiled at him, and Martin patted him on the arm, though he only reached about as high as his elbow. John reckoned the motion was supposed to be a reassuring one, similar to Greg's, perhaps, and added a small "Thank you." before the boy went on his way.
"You need a job, John," Harry sighed over the phone. He was now sitting at a small park bench looking at the people walking by. Maybe he should look into getting a dog. That'd be a great reason to wander around, and regardless he always quite liked them. Big cheerful things, they were.
The two names stared back at him from his computer screen. The Baker's Children Home, and Baskerville's Research Facility.
One of the kids stopped in his tracks to give him a puzzled look, a short redhead clutching an airplane plushie.
Martin nodded, “Yes, Dr Nurse.” he added quietly, when Sherlock gave him an expectant look.
Martin turned his attention back to what used to be a bun shaped bread in front of him, and now was a mess of tiny little pieces scattered on the plate with relative order. He considered for awhile before picking up one of the larger pieces and cutting it to two, then placed it back.
Baker's Children Home it is, then. Right.
The age division seemed awfully impractical to John, he’d assume they'd prefer each caretaker to go through the child’s whole stay with them. However, considering how small the staff was, and how naturally each child interacted with the staff as a whole, he thought it might be okay.
John entered the store with a small greeting and a nod at the clerk. A familiar young girl, just fresh into college. She smiled warmly at him as he took a look around, despite the both of them knowing ahed of time he wasn't planning on buying anything he hadn't before.
John cringed slightly, but smiled along.
“Yeah, that sounds nice.” John agreed.
Looking at him, the boy cocked his head again, this time with a frown.
Chapter 7: Disagreement & Persuasion.
Chapter 5: Revealing. 3k
“Oh a bit of this and that,” he coughed nervously. “And a military career before that, mainly.”
b. can’t bring myself to reread it much less continue it
Breathing in, he tried to take in the place's atmosphere once more. The airy, green bushes and trees around gave it a secluded feeling, Martha's motherly demeanor fit well with it and gave the whole place a very stereotypical happy-orphanage feel. It was nice. Calming.
John barely managed a small "Cheers," and the man was off.
It was a couple of hours later when Greg entered the room alongside another man, Abel, most likely. It was getting late and they both seemed rather tired. Greg's messy shirt had a few damp spots from washing the dishes and his workmate's clothes were at about the same state, if not worse.
But he wasn't. John sighed.
“Sherlock’s?” John asked, curiously.
Greg was running around between a trolly full of dirty dishes and a set of ovens, giving out the lovely smell of fresh homemade bread.
Thank you very much for reading this far.
this is really old. like it’s not even that old but it’s old enough that i’m
It's been more than awhile since John had to go through any real job interviews. The ones back in London seemed to fly by, without him caring too much for the ping pong of answers he found himself playing through.
He went around asking about Sherlock after that.
"Mighty good weather today, ain't it?" the young woman hummed cheerfully.
He sighed and gave it a second look.
Finally, John repositioned, now looking up at the ceiling for awhile. It seemed almost unfair, he thought. There's no real method to dealing with bad dreams. You can't fight back, you can't run away, you can only wait patiently for the next one to roll around, earning a couple of hours of sleep at a time.
“What do you mean?”
Another silence.
“Maybe this is your chance to test it out? Sherlock’s busy, there’re no cameras in here that I know of, so no one would see you.”
“Stop smiling, John,” Sherlock glared at him. That was the moment John found the courage to meet the detective’s eyes. It was fun seeing the detective falter for a moment.
“Yeah, see you later,” John waved at her as she walked out of the flat before turning to face Sherlock. “Now,
“No,” John said and took his hand in his.
“What are you doing here? You’re supposed to be in prison,” Sherlock glared and wobbled a few steps forward. John frowned and looked around, spotting the used syringe on the coffee table. He felt his throat tighten. Of course. “No, don’t say it. You’re here to help me figure out this case. I must be in my mind palace. What was I doing here, again? Oh, right! Clues.”
Then he met his new friend, Sherlock Holmes. The self pronounced consulting detective. A man who could see your entire life by one look. The only person John had believed would know instantly about his past life. To his surprise, Sherlock had only been able to tell about his military career and his biological sister.
“They wouldn’t keep me up for long,” John said after a couple of minutes of trying them out. “I’ve lost a lot of the muscles I once had, and I’m heavier. If I start training them up again, it won’t take long before I’m able to fly for a few minutes,” he continued to move them around, now that the pain slowly started to subside.
“What are you doing here?” she huffed and watched as he looked down at the jumper in his hands. There were still bloodstains on it after his evening with Irene. It felt so long ago now, like it was in a different lifetime. “Answer me, you demon!”
He hurried back into the building, putting Sherlock down on the floor while taking off his jumper. He tied it around his waist quickly, before grabbing Sherlock again. He unfolded his wings and walked back outside with the detective securely in his arms. People were staring at them, stunned at the sight of his wings. He couldn’t care less, he needed to get Sherlock to a hospital as soon as possible.
Sherlock felt himself drift off. The sadness was making him even more tired than he already was. Finally, he let the exhaustion take him.
“Oh, you’re adorable,” the dominatrix laughed and ruffled his hair, making John growl and pull away from her. “Are they working properly?” She grinned at him.
“Then you have three options,” Owl said. “One; you flee now that your wings work properly. Two; you kill everyone that tries to catch you, and then you’re able to flee. And three; you surrender.”
“Who?”
“I believe there won’t be a problem finding him,” Sherlock smirked. The obvious glee of the new puzzle bright on his face. Not that it was a difficult one. Talk with the right people, and you would get all the information you needed.
Sherlock took a small step forward, raising his arms in a non-threatening way, as if he was approaching a bird that would fly away from him at any moment if he wasn’t careful. He opened his mouth as if to say something before whispering, almost inaudible;
Sherlock couldn’t move. His curiosity was burning. He’d gotten a small glimpse of John’s wings the night he jumped out the window, but the fact that they were attached scientifically made him want to observe them and figure out how they worked.
Sherlock leapt out of the cab the moment it stopped, paying the chauffeur way too much before striding into the dark alley. He looked around, trying to find anything of importance. His phone vibrated indicating a text. Lestrade was giving him a heads-up that one of the people they were stalking had left his house, and that everyone was to keep their eyes open. Sherlock deleted it and placed his phone back in his pocket.
“I haven’t used them for years,” John frowned and tried to get Irene to let go of his arm. When she didn’t, he gave up. “I’m not even sure they work anymore.”
“Third.”
“Okay,” he said and waited for the detective to come closer. He tugged the jumper over his head, making his hair messy from the tight neckline. Sherlock almost wanted to drag his fingers through it. It looked so soft.
The distance called for him again. It sounded so wounded and scared. He felt like he should find it. Comfort it, and make it happy. Yes, that’s what he needed to do. Save it. He needed to save it and take it home and never hear the extreme sorrow it whispered again. He had no choice in the matter. His entire soul longed for the sound of excitement and happiness. Not this painful whimper floating from every direction. He should go to it. Keep it in sight, never leaving it again.
Sherlock leaned down carefully, kissing him gently on the lips. John wanted to pull him closer, but the chest tube got increasingly more annoying every time he tried to do anything. Sherlock paused for a second, like he remembered something, before leaning down to John’s ear.
Well, that happened!
“John?” the detective whispered softly when he’d finally calmed down a bit.
“What do we have here?” he snickered and eased off the pressure on the knife. “The great Sherlock Holmes out in the streets by himself? Where’s that little assassin friend of yours? Oh, he was arrested, isn’t that right? What a shame. I would love to see his face when he hears about your death.”
“How many times have I told you-“
“Don’t mention it,” the assassin jumped to another building. John felt a lot safer now that he knew she had his back if anything happened.
John continued to smile at the expression of dread on Lestrade’s features. He tucked his wings underneath his skin, hiding them from view. Sherlock watched as he threw down his gun and sat down on his knees. He lifted his hands behind his head and glared at the DI. When no one seemed to react, John sighed.
John nodded and crawled out of his little wing fort. He got up and stretched out his wings one last time before folding them into the skin again, making sure he took his time. The pain was still terrible, but not as bad as it was earlier. The gunshot wound made it a bit more difficult because of the stiffness. The blood had dried, too, making it even less flexible.
John looked at the detective confused. He was used to being left behind, but the lack of an explanation was slightly unusual. The question lingered on his tongue as the man disappeared into the hallway. Soon after the front door slammed shut.
He walked over to the reception desk and asked to use the phone. The lady smiled at him and let him use it. He called Lestrade, and asked if he could pick up Sherlock’s phone from his flat, before getting to the hospital. The detective inspector got there quickly enough, and they went to the ER together. They sat in silence as they waited for any news concerning the detective.
“If that’s not too much to ask,” he responded. Irene started to laugh. Her head tilted slightly backwards as if this was hilarious to her. John suddenly realised that it probably was hysterical to her. Especially if she knew he was Owl’s old partner in crime.
“You ready?” Owl smiled gently at him and looked over his back once more, just to be sure there wouldn’t be any problems. John felt her fingers trace the scars and the base of his wings. “If you’re not up to it, I’m sure it wouldn’t hurt to wait a bit longer.”
“John?”
“Sherlock, there’s been anoth-“ he stopped and pulled his gun. John shoved Sherlock behind him with his wing and pulled his own gun. The detective inspector and the assassin faced each other, guns at the ready, waiting for the other to move. Sherlock stood frozen behind the shorter man. John’s wings stretched outward in a threatening manner, making him look bigger than he was. The DI looked astonished and frankly terrified as the assassin smiled. Sherlock tried to see Lestrade over the wings. “John, put down the gun,” the detective inspector said slowly, trying to sound intimidating. “You know I don’t want to shoot you, but I will if I have to.”
John sighed and rubbed his eyes. This became worse and worse by the second.
“Tell me what to do,” Sherlock continued his frantic search. “I don’t know what to do, John, please, just don’t you leave me again, just tell me how to save you.”
“What?” The confusion shone clear on John’s face.
“I’ve already told you I’d tell you when this case is over,” he said as he went to grab his own jacket. “I won’t tell you unless you solve this thing.”
John tried to listen to what he was saying. It wasn’t impossible, and what he heard made him want to pull the man towards him, never letting him go again. He kept repeating the same words over and over like a prayer.
Why hadn’t he thought about it before?
“Jesus,” John muttered and sipped to the cool liquid. He felt slightly better after sleeping for so long, but the pain from his encounter the night before still made his chest tighten painfully.
Oh, the doctor knew. He knew it so well, he almost wanted to give in and just show the detective right away. But he couldn’t take the chance that he could throw him in jail the moment his jumper hit the ground.
“I’ve wanted to do this for so long,” Sherlock whispered in his ear, making John even more breathless. His mind was so foggy in fact that he didn’t even notice the warm hands trailing against the hem of his jumper. Not even when said hands hooked themselves under the hem and started sliding slowly up his torso.
The universe was rarely so lazy. Maybe John was trying to get to someone through him? Unlikely. What if he’d been sent to spy on him after all? More likely, but still farfetched. Maybe it was just a coincidence?
“It’s Hawk.”
“One second, Sherlock,” John put them on and turned so the detective could see. They were a pair of vintage steam punk goggles. Sherlock raised an eyebrow, clearly not amused. “I stole them on a job, once,” John giggled and shoved the goggles up to his forehead. “I was getting frustrated that I couldn’t see much when I dove, so I tried to find something to shield my eyes from the wind. I broke into a vintage shop and found these. I used them all the time.”
“Sherlock!” he shouted. When he noticed the woman standing with folded wings at the end of the bed, he groaned exasperatedly. “Oh, come on, not again.”
“Why else would they meet a man in an alley when other kids would be in school?”
“Sorry,” John smiled sheepishly. “I think I might be able to help you with that, though.”
“I’m sorry, Greg,” he said. “You don’t have to believe me when I say I didn’t actually know what I was doing was wrong, and when I found out, I wanted to end it. I joined the army to get out of it, and the rest is history.”
need to get to bed.”
“I miss him,” John was able to choke out. “I miss his so God damned much, and it hurts. Why can’t I just get over him?!”
“I didn’t mean on me,” he frowned. “I need sleep, too, you know. I’ve been out all night hunting that serial killer of yours.”
Mycroft sighed, and for a moment John saw how tired the man actually was. It was unusual to see him like this, and it made John feel uneasy. Something was wrong. There was no other explanation for why Mycroft would ever visit him like this.
“Please, don’t do that,” he sighed. “It’s just a really strange sensation, and quite uncomfortable. I can just show you my wings instead, if you want?”
“No, not this,” he growled out through gritted teeth. “Playing on my emotions won’t work either.”
“I couldn’t,” the detective heard John step closer to him. He watched as the assassin plucked the feather out of his hands and placed it on the coffee table.
“Let’s get you inside before you lose consciousness.”
“I have to go,” he sent off another text before getting on his feet. “I’ll see you later, John. Thanks for having us, miss Adler.”
“Not helping,” he whispered and tucked the wings tighter around him.
Sherlock seemed to analyse this new information.
Irene went to face him again.
Some of them he actually knew from his old days, before he became John Watson. They were nice enough, until he turned his back on them and they preceded to kick him down. He got quite the bruise, but they’d ended up in the ICU, so he guessed they were even. He’d spent a week just to make the rest of the prisoners understand not to mess with him. All it earned him was a beating from the guards. He ended up in isolation after harming one of them in self-defence.
“Yes, Sherlock?” John kissed the top of his head softly.
“And if you behave, you’ll be out before you know it. I’m sure even Sherlock would appreciate it, actually. Coming clean, just for him. How romantic,” Owl mocked, which earned her a soft push from the broken doctor.
He yawned and checked the time. It was almost twelve at night, and he ended up falling asleep while resting his arms and head on the bed. He startled awake when he felt fingers playing with his hand. He straightened up and stared at Sherlock. The man was looking at him in wonder.
He walked out into the cool evening air and over to the car that was waiting for him. He continued to think about his friend the whole way back to Baker Street. Was he even his friend? One of his only friends were an assassin. Maybe it was a coincidence?
“You’re free to go this evening,” Mycroft gave him some papers. John looked at them and recognised them as release documents. “I can’t force you to do it,” the man continued. “But I would greatly appreciate it if you would…” he trailed off.
“Then let’s do this,” he shouted and started running down the slope while beating his wings. He didn’t need to run far before his wings brought him up into the air. He felt free for the first time in years. He watched as the ground got further and further away, and the clouds came closer to him. He wanted to touch them again, but he could already feel his muscles straining with the effort of keeping him up in the air.
John continued to stare at the gun. He didn’t dare meet the detective’s eyes. He was sure if he did, he’d not be able to hold back the tears. God, he just wanted to get out of there. Leave while he had the chance. Before Lestrade and his men came to take him away.
A spike of pain and drowsiness pulled at him. Sickness and aching pushed him upwards. The pressure in his chest intensified the closer he got to the surface. For a moment, he almost didn’t want to break the surface. He wanted the calmness and sweetness of the darkness, but then he’d never find out who the whisper belonged to. He needed to find out. His curiosity dragged his being further.
abnormal, but-“
“I do, when it’s for the right reasons,” John explained. “The cabbie incident was protecting Sherlock, I’m sure you understand that.”
“A job in Scotland Yard,” he smiled. Owl stared at him before looking down at her phone again.
“Don’t bother with him, Miss Adler,” Sherlock glanced over at her. He continued with an irritated sneer: “He’s not been feeling too well this week.”
“I mean that John has an unnatural background, brother mine.”
“Just pluck it,” John said and moved his wing down so he could watch the detective. Sherlock stared at the feather. He didn’t want to hurt the man.
A couple of days had passed, and Sherlock was losing his mind. He’d been allowed to go back home to Baker Street, but because of the case, John was either out roaming the streets, or asleep, which meant they never really saw each other. The assassin didn’t seem to mind, probably too caught up in the case to do anything else, and Sherlock was stuck in the flat. He’d tried to sneak out once, but John had found out and let him hear it. Sherlock knew he was just worried, but he really wanted to help. He’d be useless sitting at home doing nothing.
John didn’t know if he should laugh or cry. Maybe both.
“No, you’re not. This is just a hallucination. The real John is in prison. Lestrade took him away from me.”
John rolled his eyes, stood up and flicked him on the nose, making Sherlock flinch.
“It says they have wing tattoos on their backs. Not angel wings, but extremely detailed birdwings. Someone saw them once, just briefly, but it was like watching real wings folded against their backs. One has the wings of a great horned owl, the other of a red-tailed hawk, which earned them their names Owl and Hawk. How original.”
“L-O-O-K O-U-T? Look out for what?” He crashed into a garbage bin and almost fell over. The laughter that came from the rooftop echoed through the phone in his hand.
“Don’t be daft,” Mycroft rolled his eyes and gestured to the documents. “Everything we know about John Watson is in there. It pains me to say I didn’t think about the possibility that he would be
“I’m sorry, I got curious,” Sherlock tried to say when he noticed John’s flustered expression. “John?” he asked as John seemed to get caught in his own thoughts. The man glanced at him before looking away again.
He got a reply almost immediately, just telling him that she would tell him when she got back. He sighed and for the first time in a week, he felt his shoulders relax. It lasted about a minute until the tear got stuck in his jumper again. He let out a small hiss before hurrying into the bathroom and got the first aid kit. He found an extra mirror so it would be easier to see what he was doing. He sighed as he saw the blood. It wasn’t that bad, he’d definitely had worse, but it was in a difficult position. He’d have to bend his arm at an awkward angle if he was to reach it. For a moment he even considered to just clean it and let it be, but decided against it.
“What if something happens again?”
“I won’t leave until tomorrow morning, I think,” John raised an eyebrow at her frown.
“How does it feel?” Owl shouted as she flew up beside him. He grinned at her, feeling his eyes burning from the sharp wind.
Moving didn’t work. Nothing worked. He was stuck in the darkness, and now he wanted nothing more than to get out of there. To wake up. Follow the whisper as it left him there to die. Left him there alone. He didn’t want to be alone. He wanted to go home. Home to his normal life. He couldn’t remember what his life was like.
“I knew it…” Sherlock growled from above him. John wanted to sink down through the floor boards, or maybe just turn to dust and be taken by the wind. Shatter just like his heart had the moment he realised the detective had played him. Seduced him to find out his secret. “I can’t believe I’ve been so blind.”
Sherlock nodded flustered.
“No worries. You need them more than I do, anyways,” Owl yawned. “Okay, I need to get going. I’ll see you tonight, John?”
“Yes, Seb?” he asked, keeping his voice sweet. Sebastian went up to him and showed him a picture on his phone.
John hurried over to the window and got a glimpse of the black car that he associated with Mycroft. He began to think about what the older Holmes brother had trouble with this time, but then he realised he was left alone with Irene.
John handed it to him and waited for him to send a text.
“You’re not going to live without me, I’m right here,” John tried to say, but the detective just shook his head.
“Why?”
“You know you can tell me anything, John,” he mumbled as he flagged down a cab for them. John let out a breath and felt the anger rise up in his throat.
Hello! It's been a while.
Before Sherlock could say anything else, he got into the cab and slammed the door shut behind him. The surprise on the detective’s face was definitely worth it.
“I just have this nagging feeling in the back of my mind that something is going to happen,” he mumbled. “We’ve been trying to hunt you down for a week, and Sherlock’s getting frustrated. I just think he might do something stupid.”
John couldn’t speak. His heart swelled in his chest and he knew he would never be able to say no to this incredible man kneeling in front of him. He nodded slowly, making Sherlock grin. The detective got on his feet, grabbed John’s hand and slid the glimmering metal onto his finger. John sat up, trying his best not to wince from his sore chest, and pulled Sherlock into a tight hug. He could feel Sherlock’s fingers run through the feathers on his wings. They’d been pressed down into the mattress for far too long, making them ache. The touch had a wonderful relaxing effect. He sighed with contentment into Sherlock’s shoulder. He could get used to this.
"Don't mention it. I'm gonna head off to finish cleaning up, and then dishes," Greg said, "Feel free to get comfortable in the meantime. What's mine is yours."
“I can see that,” the dominatrix huffed.
“John?” Sherlock watched the wings relax and curl up against the assassin’s back. John didn’t look at him, just continued to stare down at the unconscious man beneath him. His shoulders were tense, he was breathing hard and his hands were fists against his thighs.
The moment he hit the floor; he knew it was over. The life in 221B Baker Street would never be the same. John had let his feelings take control over the situation, and he ended up getting burned.
“That should do it,” the detective put down the device. “Now, all we have to do is wait for about ten minutes, and we should be good.”
“Want to fill me in?” John asked, breaking the silence. Sherlock didn't even look at him.
A small tap on the doorframe made them both look up. Owl grinned at them as she walked into the room.
He’d been talking to Lestrade about the murder the night before when Mrs. Hudson called. She sounded frantic, so he decided to leave the DI without another word and rush back to his flat. He didn’t think anything of it when he didn’t meet the landlady as she usually would when they had break-ins. Instead he ran up the stairs to his flat, and opened the door to find the flat just as he left it, except one mayor detail. There was a person standing in front of the window. A man in a black turtleneck jumper with two holes cut out of it to show the wing tattoos underneath.
“Three bodies at the time, all in different places. We’ve come close to catching them, but they’re quick. There has to be three of them, and they have to work together, or at least have some sort of communication, since it’s always on the same night. We finally got a witness, and I was talking to her when you shot her,” Sherlock gave him a side-glance.
John nodded and shuffled beside her up the stairs to the porch. She opened the doors and guided him to the living room.
“What makes you say that?” John felt like an idiot for the fifth time that day. It had been a week since they were at the crime scene with the drug dealer.  There had been four more killings after the incident. Of course, John had said something idiotic at every single scene, making the consulting detective turn his attention on him, which was something he really didn’t want. Only today, he had said so many unlikely things that he was sure his flatmate had figured out his secret.
“Get up, John, if that’s even your name,” Sherlock sneered. John slowly got to his feet and turned to face the detective. The man was holding his phone up to his ear, making what was left of John’s heart drop, leaving an empty feeling in his chest. “Lestrade, bring some of your less incompetent officers and come to Baker Street. I’ve got one of the birds.”
Owl sighed behind him as he shuddered in the early December air. He’d been working for this moment for three months, now.
“We can always try,” Owl said and sat down in the chair beside him. “I’ll get some moisturizer to soften up the scar tissue if you get a fire going in the hearth,” she smiled and walked out of the room. John got up and found some firewood. Soon after the fire was starting to warm up the room. Owl came back with a bottle of moisturizer and asked him to sit down again. He got his jumper off again, shivering slightly in the cool air.
“You know you just confessed to murder, right?” the detective inspector continued to aim at John. He seemed more anxious than ever.
John thought it over. Irene even started to pull on his jumper.
“Anything of interest?” John smiled as his friend marched over to his chair and slumped down in it. He'd been saved by the bell for now.
“Nothing fatal, please.”
“Pleasure,” he smiled.
“Yeah, you should have seen him,” Owl laughed. “He could dive at a speed of 120 mph, but he got totally blinded by the wind, so he got those goggles.”
“You’re trying to hunt me down?” Owl sounded slightly offended. “And you want me to come to your flat,” she continued. “In case something happens.”
John sighed as he looked at the city below him. He was soaring above, holding his sniper tightly in his arms as he waited for Owl to give him the signal. He looked for his target and spotted the man walking out of one of the buildings. He lifted the sniper against his shoulder and slowed down his speed as much as he could. The moment he got an ‘all clear’ from Owl, he took a deep breath before letting it out slowly, pulling the trigger at the pace of his exhale, pausing as he took the shot, watching the man fall to the ground. It was a perfect hit, and John could feel the adrenaline rushing through him as the people on the ground started to run around in panic. He smiled to himself and hurried to meet up with Owl on one of the tallest buildings in London.
“Furious.”
“He’s hardly eating anything, works constantly, and never sleeps,” she sighed. “We’ve been on edge ever since you left, really. Even Mycroft has been visiting more frequently, all to keep his brother away from drugs, you know. Every night is a danger night.”
John couldn’t help it. He sniffed helplessly and clutched the fabric tighter towards his chest. He could see the landlady falter in his peripheral vision. He didn’t care. He just wanted to come home. Come back to Baker Street and run around London together with his best friend. He wished for this to never have happened and that he’d never left.
“I’ll do it.”
“It says there was a rumour the assassins could fly,” he noted and continued to scan through the information. John hoped for the love of God there wasn't any more rumours in there that could make Sherlock understand. John had had to take down one of his closest friends while the guy had been interrogated. So much for trusting anyone.
He woke up later in the day. The sun was on its way down again, and he guessed John had left already. He almost jumped when he felt a soft breath ghost over his ear. John was still in the bed, sound asleep. Sherlock tried his best to get out without waking him. He snuck over to his closet and pulled out some new clothes, soundlessly moving towards the door when he heard John stir.
“I’m so sorry, I didn’t mean to, it just sort of… happened,” Sherlock apologised and started to take a step back.
“Oh, shit, you’re right! What am I going to do?” John sank down to the floor and let his wings curl around him like a feathery shield. He closed his eyes. The thought of losing Sherlock made this case even worse now that he figured out he loved him.
Owl gave him a quick smile before reaching for one of his wings.
“Long time no see…” The man trailed off as he turned around. He faltered when he saw the detective. All colour vanished from his face, and he almost looked horrified. Sherlock wanted to make that look go away. He knew what he looked like. He knew what the last six months had done to him, and he wasn’t proud of it.
“Shut up!” John roared and turned to be able to meet his eyes. “You don’t get to say anything. This is my decision, not yours. I’m doing this for you, don’t you see that?” tears started to roll down his cheeks. He continued in a whisper. “I love you, you moron.”
“Am I dead?” he whispered softly.
“Ask me what?” John frowned. He didn’t like where this was going.
“There’s a loose feather,” he said and tried to figure out a way to remove it without hurting John.
John noticed Sherlock pulling out his phone to send a text. Probably to Lestrade to make him have someone stake out the tallest buildings in London. He was just about to put the phone back in his pocket when he got a message. The detective sighed heavily before checking the display. He sighed even more when he read the text.
John tensed as the light filled the room. It was obviously quite late in the day.
He walked out and got into his clothes, grabbing his coat and made his way out into the street. It was still early spring, making the evening cold. He pulled his coat closer around himself, cursing his low fat-level. He got a cab and made his way over to the last place one of the serial killers had been. He hoped he’d be able to find some sort of clue to figure out where he’d probably strike next.
Sherlock and John visit Irene who's supposed to have information about the assassins.
“Yeah, sure,” she was ecstatic as she quickly sent him the name. “Thank you so much for the job. I can’t really believe it, you know? I won’t disappoint you. I promise!”
“And you think it’s because I left?” The question made the landlady chuckle.
“It’s been a few hours since I got home to find you like that, so It’s hard to tell,” John checked his own watch. “What did Mycroft want?”
Four weeks after the Sherlock-incident he was finally able to start combat training. The wounds on his back weren’t entirely healed, but they were ready enough to begin target practice with his sniper rifle. He was a little rusty, but it didn’t take long before he got perfect hits. He continued his training over the next few weeks before Owl said he’s allowed to start working out. He ran as much as he could, delighted that he could finally get out of that dreaded house. He worked on his upper body muscles, especially his shoulders, back and chest. He also kept moving his wings as often as he could, only to keep them ready for eventual flying.
He spread his wings, and pushed off of the stairs outside the flat. At the moment, he was quite happy Sherlock wasn’t too heavy. Out of him and Owl, Owl was the one with the strongest wings.
“The pleasure is all mine,” she giggled. They could hear the sirens get closer. Molly got up and started to walk towards the street. “I’ll just wait for them so they don’t go too far.”
John looked up at her and nodded. They often had break-ins at the flat because of their work, so he didn’t blame her for protecting herself. He didn’t blame her for calling him a demon, either to be honest. He could just as well be one.
He didn’t move. He couldn’t move. He was afraid that if he did, he’d fall apart entirely. John had come back to him only to be dragged away again.
That seemed to do the trick as multiple doctors came running towards him. He quickly explained to them what had happened, and let them take Sherlock with them. He followed them towards the ER, but was asked to wait outside. He nodded and used the time to hide his wings and put on his jumper again.
“Are you going to, then?” Irene watched with wonder as John folded the wings behind his back.
“It seems to me that you’d feel better if you just served the time they give you. In that case, it would be that simple.”
Had he been someone important? Had he done something to make an imprint on the world? He didn’t know. He knew nothing in this strange place. The darkness was his only comfort here. He had no idea if anything else existed. Had he been here for long? Maybe this was his home?
He moved slowly up the stairs and opened the door to the living room. He tried to figure out where the detective could be. He was not in his chair, at least. He moved further into the room. Not in the kitchen either. He turned around and almost expected Sherlock to be standing directly behind him, but instead, the man was laying in a heap on the couch with an arm covering his eyes. Thank God he wasn’t awake. Or maybe he was?
He went into the building and hesitated at the bottom of the stairs. He felt terrified of what would meet him when he got into the flat. He was pretty sure the detective would be home by now, and if he was, he’d have to face him to not seem too out of character.
“What?”
After walking a few blocks down he pulled out his phone and the note he got from Irene. He entered the number and hit call before rising the device up to his ear. Someone answered after three rings.
He turned to see her staring at him.
“No…” Irene trailed off. Her voice becoming steadily more confident as she got over the initial shock. “Owl already had them out when I looked at hers.”
“Sherlock?” He panted as they finally parted for air. “What-“ He didn’t have time to respond before the man was crushing their lips together again. He let his tongue trace the detective’s lips, and the man parted them more than willingly letting John explore his mouth.
Owl nodded and hesitated for a second before walking over to him, shaking his hand.
John frowned. Was he really that much of an influence on the detective? He knew he’d been a lot better after he moved into the flat, but that the detective shut down entirely when he left was hard to believe.
Sherlock sighed and curled up further on the couch, playing with John’s feather. It was one of the darker ones from the top of the wing. It was fascinating how the colour spread from really dark, almost black, brown and turned into a light golden the closer to the edge it got. It was beautiful.
The suggestive tone made John blush furiously as he spluttered, trying to come up with something to say. When he couldn’t, he nodded and pulled his wings tight against his back.
“Does that answer your question?” John raised an eyebrow at the gentle smile playing at Sherlock’s lips.
“That's why this case is so frustrating,” Lestrade explained. “All have the same headshot wound, but according to the forensics team, they were shot from straight above. According to witnesses, they saw a shadow flying over them and then the victim was laying dead on the ground.”
“Hello, John,” Lestrade sighed and made the chauffeur start the car. They drove away from the prison and headed towards Baker Street.
“Okay, tell me what happened,” she smiled and sat back in Sherlock’s chair.
“I know it sound suspicious, but I really need you. He’s hunting me, too, and I don’t know how long I’ll be able to keep hiding this from him.”
“Nice, now you can all leave,” Sherlock interrupted the moment, clutching his head in his hands. “I’ve got an awful headache, so if you could please just get out, I’d be incredibly thankful.”
“It’s satisfying getting a perfect hit. They never suffer. Both me and Owl have always made sure to kill them instantly. Except for the cabbie. But he was threatening Sherlock, so I was angry.”
“You’ve got a visitor.”
“Seems like it,” the DI sighed and sat down behind the desk. The case had been wearing him out, it seemed.
“Don’t be stupid. You won’t get away by jumping out the window. You’ll get stunned the moment you hit the ground, maybe even fracture bones or something. You definitely won’t be able to run.”
He was startled out of his thoughts by Sherlock leaning over him. He met the detective’s analysing stare.
“John, we don’t have all day, get in the cab!”
“You really want me to have it?” she picked it gently out of his fingers. “Thank you so much, and call me Irene,” she giggled and retreated into the house before John could answer her. He ended up staring after her for a few seconds before being brought out of his state by a car driving down the road. He was about to call a cab when he decided against it and started the long walk back to Baker Street. The cold evening felt refreshing after the last turn of events. He just wondered what would happen the next time he met Sherlock.
“Who said anything about hitting the ground?”
“I don’t feel too good,” he stumbled a few steps forward before Owl grabbed him and lead him towards one of the bigger buildings. It was probably the main house.
“Are you okay?” A weak voice asked from somewhere around him. He looked up and met worried eyes. Irene looked as if she’d just witnessed the most disturbing thing in the world, which it probably was.
“They were widely known for their ability to kill their targets from above. No one saw them coming, and there were never any clues as of who these two people were. Only the ones that had been in contact with them directly knew anything about them.”
“The skin between the wing and the scar tore,” John looked up at the building rooftops just in time to see a huge shadow of a wing stretch out over the street below to keep the person owning them from falling off the edge. He missed being up above the city, running over rooftops and soaring through the sky.
Sherlock just stared at him, drinking up everything, wanting nothing more than to just tell him to come home. Tell him to stay with him and forget the last six months ever happened.
“It fits you,” Sherlock smiled at her. “I’ll tell my brother later,” he reached out his right hand towards her. She grabbed it. “Nice to meet you, Molly.”
He took a step forward; afraid he’d scare the man off.
“I thought I was doing the right thing,” he ended up saying, making John huff.
“That’s why she’s perfect for the job!” Sherlock grinned. Lestrade seemed to think it over.
With his hands folded under his chin, Sherlock probably enjoyed the silence in the living room. The early morning sun shimmered through the halfway closed curtains.
“John,” the man countered before smirking at him. John didn’t really know what to say. The detective had his hands resting on the armrests, effectively trapping him in the chair.
“Oh, look who’s awake,” Owl came barging in with a tray. “Little miss Sunshine woke up from her beauty sleep,” she put it down on the bedside table and went to open the curtains. “I brought you some brunch.”
It had been a month since John got dragged out of 221B Baker Street. There had been a trial where John confessed to all the things he’d done, and as expected, he’d been sentenced to imprisonment for life. For the first few days, he’d been mostly by himself. The guards were a pain in the ass, he’d more than once wanted to just kill them. Everyone knew who he was, which made everything even worse, given that he’d ended up in one of the highest security prisons with a lot of people he’d helped catching.
He started to back away towards the window closest to him, which was the one behind Sherlock’s chair. The movement seemed to grab the detective’s attention. John straightened his posture trying to feel like the heartbreak and humiliation didn’t bother him at all. He tried to get rid of all his emotions, and he succeeded surprisingly well. The only thing that was left was a smile. Not a happy smile, but the one people normally would call a dangerous one. There was no real emotion behind it. Owl had once commented on it being terrifying given the right circumstances.
Mycroft watched his brother carefully. He almost squinted at him.
They had gotten a job from a banker. They always paid well, but they were rather dull jobs. Almost always just rivalries or mistresses. John took his time on getting to where the woman worked. She was supposed to be finished at nine which was about half an hour away. He landed on the building opposite of her workplace and sat down to wait for her. He watched the clueless people walking about, not a care in the world in the cold February night. That’s when he spotted the dark curls on a tall, lanky man walking down the street towards the building he was watching. He quickly grabbed his sniper and looked at the man trough the sight. There he was. For the first time in about half a year, he saw Sherlock Holmes. He felt his heart speed up as he watched the man stroll into the building and disappear from view.
John felt it was getting harder to breathe. The method was too familiar to be a coincidence. He got the feeling he knew exactly how the murder happened. Not only had he done it before, he taught it to his partner, many years ago.
Sherlock leaned over him and kissed him on the forehead.
“He talks to himself, sometimes,” Mrs. Hudson explained. “Or, he talks to someone as if they were there. I know he did it before you left, too, but it’s just happened more often than not. He’s talking to you, even though you’re not there.”
“I can’t promise anything, but I’ll try my best for your sake.”
“How long was I gone?” The detective glanced down at his wrist. John mirrored his action and discovered it was half past eleven.
“Because, there isn't any emotion. They were killed by an assassin. The time period between the murders are too close together, and they are impersonal. A serial killer would need a ‘cooling off' period. They are driven by a need to kill. This is strictly professional, detached and...” Sherlock stopped when he came to a picture of one of the victims' head. “Do you have more pictures of the victims’ heads?”
Irene picked up his jumper from the floor and handed it to him when he’d gotten them in. He took it gratefully and quickly put it on. His skin was cold after being exposed in the cool room. Irene led him to the front doors and let him out.
Mrs. Hudson watched as he put the cup down on the table.
Their first job together came a month later. Christmas was over, a new year was upon them, and John had been miserable the entire time. He missed Baker Street more than he wanted to admit. All the crazy things happening 24/7 and the peculiar people dropping by to get help from the consulting detective and his friend. But they weren’t friends anymore, and the thought that he probably wouldn’t meet Sherlock again made his heart ache. Owl had tried to cheer him up by giving him a new hand gun and a more updated outfit for him to be able to join her on her jobs. He’d felt a little better, but he still couldn’t get the man out of his head. The more he thought about the incident, the more it felt like something was off about it.
“What’s this about?”
“I don’t think that’s possible.”
“Oh, I have quite the idea of how awful it can be,” John closed his eyes as he concentrated. The feeling of skin moving out of the way made him groan. This was normally uncomfortable when the skin was used to it, but after so many years of not letting his wings stretch out, and at the same time his gunshot wound making the skin stiffer and even more sore, the agony was almost unbearable. His knees gave out and he collapsed to the floor. Burning hot pain rushing through him as the wings continued to press against the skin. He could hear Irene gasp somewhere above him, but he was too focused on holding back his screams to notice. He could understand her reaction, though. He knew he’d been curious as of what it actually looked like when they unfolded their wings, so after a look in the mirror when he was fifteen, he knew it wasn’t a pleasant sight. The reason the tattoos everyone saw looked so real and detailed, was that the feathers were, in fact, real. They were a small part of the wings. The rest was hidden underneath a thin layer of extra skin. There were actually two holes in their backs in the shape of folded wings that made it look like tattoos. When they unfolded their wings, the skin would be pulled back as the wings emerged, and then settle against the base of them, making the second layer of skin invisible. The stretching hurt like a bitch even though they unfolded them several times a day, so this was like someone was cutting him open with a rusty old knife.
“It’s reassurance,” John smiled even though he felt dead inside. He wanted to leave. Get out while he still could.
“Is this just because you didn’t get to come with me in the ambulance?” John frowned at the detective. Sherlock shook his head quickly.
He turned on his heel and stalked out the door. The thought of getting John arrested made him want to hurl. The doctor was his best friend. He knew everyone expected him to do the right thing, being a man working for the side of the angels. Angels. John had been called an angel in his army days. He’d saved lives, not taken them. Or maybe he had, he just never said much about it. He
He opened the door to the office and walked over to the desk where his brother sat.
“You don’t have to hide it, Dr Watson,” Irene smiled softly at him. “It’s perfectly okay. You might not be gay, but that doesn’t mean you can’t be gay for Sherlock Holmes.”
“This got really sappy, didn’t it?” Sherlock mumbled and smiled. John laughed but it ended up in a coughing fit, making Sherlock grab a white plastic cup filled with water on the bedside table. He lifted it up to John’s lips so he could drink it. John guessed it had been standing there for quite some time given the temperature. It still helped a lot, though.
“It wasn’t us!” one of the boys growled at the officer in front of them. The other boy stood silent. His eyes glazed over with shock and unshed tears.
“Dr Watson,” the guard opened the little hatch in the door. John looked up and smiled at him.
“You boys okay, up here?” Mrs. Hudson walked into the flat. She stopped when she saw Sherlock standing alone in the room. “What happened? Where’s John?”
John felt his heart drop at his vicious statement. He wanted to tell him the truth, but he just couldn’t.
John sighed.
“Does it say anything about how to contact them?” John sat down in his own chair as Sherlock read through the message, memorising every detail he could get from it.
“There’s been another one, sir!” the officer shouted and threw some papers onto Lestrade’s desk. John and Sherlock halted and turned to listen to the information that was being given. Lestrade turned his attention to the two men in the doorway.
He continued to walk up to the flat. He stepped into the living room and flung himself onto the couch, not bothering to take off his coat.
“Great! If you need me, I’ll be waiting to hear from you. Keep me updated and all that.”
Sherlock felt his heart beat faster the moment John noticed him. The doctor smiled at him and put down his book.
He took a deep breath before pulling his wings closer to him. This had been difficult when his skin
“She’s a skilled sniper, she knows a lot about assassination, and I’m sure she could be useful as a more silent option to capture people.”
“I think I found your old phone, too,” Lestrade said after a while. John glanced at him, curiously. He’d left his phone behind at the flat all those months ago. He’s gotten Owl to buy him a new one. Lestrade handed the device to him together with a charger.
John stopped at the crosswalk and waited patiently for the cars to stop. He hurried over, giving a small wave to the driver and continued down the side walk. He’d been talking to Owl the whole way back to Baker Street, and he was almost at the front door.
“I believe you know why I brought you here?” Mycroft asked as he opened a drawer.
“No, Sherlock. It seems like your deductions have been wrong about him.”
“I’ll be right behind you,” Owl reassured him. John could hear her wings beat behind him, obviously warming up the muscles before the flight.
John sighed and walked over to the cupboard, finding the kettle. He knew there would take some time for the detective to get home if he just witnessed a murder, which meant John had some time before the detective got home.
“I have a tube in my chest,” John said dryly, gesturing to the tube sticking out of his chest near his armpit. Sherlock bit his lip and John sighed. “Did we get the serial killers, by the way? How long have I been out?”
“What are you on about?” The officer glared at the consulting detective.
“Greg?” John leaned forward to get a better look at the DI.
“Shut up,” he said sharply, finally stepping off the guy. He pushed the goggles up to his forehead before checking the gun strapped to his thigh. “Why the hell don’t you ever listen to me, huh?” he spun around to face Sherlock. “I’m okay with a lot of your ideas, but this? Why the
They were walking side by side, obviously in deep conversation about some subject. For once, John wished he had Owl’s supreme hearing. Not that his own hearing was bad, but hers was fantastic in comparison. The scientists weren’t happy with only wings. They had to keep experimenting on them.
Then came the second problem. John was always out at night, expecting Sherlock to sleep while he was gone, something that didn’t work. He’d tried his best, but he always ended up sitting on the couch, terrified for something to happen to his best friend. Boyfriend? Was that what they were now?
He shielded his eyes as he jumped. The glass shattered, and he was outside in the cold air beating his wings as hard as he could, but the pain made them weak. He was falling towards the street below, reaching upwards to the sky, hoping Owl would be quick enough. He’d forgotten how silent the woman’s wings were, because someone grabbed his flailing wrists and dragged him up into the air.
“Quit it,” Sherlock pouted, earning him another nose kiss.
He woke up in the afternoon. Owl had brought him a tray with breakfast and a little note that read ‘
“Like that?” he smiled devilishly. John rolled his eyes.
John watched as he stumbled around the flat, looking through files until he stopped.
“Give me one minute,” the woman on the other end of the line chuckled. “Okay, look up.”
“She’ll think about it until this case is over. We need her to help catch those serial killers,” John piped up. Sherlock nodded.
Sherlock pulled away and placed his hand under John’s chin, tilting his head before kissing him sweetly.
John glared at her.
“Nothing’s going to happen to me,” John chuckled and patted Sherlock’s chest. “You think you’d be able to sleep, now, then?”
“You have her number?” he blinked disbelievingly.
“When asked about it, the other soldiers mentioned tattoos on his back. They were described as the most detailed tattoos they’d ever seen. Two folded wings,” Mycroft paused, probably for dramatic effect. “Someone said they looked exactly like the wings of a red-tailed hawk.”
“Long time no see…” John trailed off as he turned around and for the first time got a good look at his former best friend. The man standing in front of him was so thin you could see every bone in his body, there were dark bags under his eyes and he looked exhausted. John felt like crying again just seeing the state the detective was in. But he’d cried enough for a lifetime, just these last months, so he held it down.
Sherlock was exhausted. He didn’t want to admit it, but he could almost feel his body shutting down by itself. Six months had passed since John left. He had to keep going. He couldn’t dwell on the past. He had to figure out who these serial killers were. London had been terrorised by three individual serial killers, suspected to be working together. They were quick and efficient, which meant they were almost impossible to catch. Only one witness had been found, and then she’d been killed by one of the birds of prey. He hadn’t seen who it was, but he had a small hope it wasn’t John.
“Good afternoon, John,” he smiled and sat down on the opposite side of him.
He almost threw himself into the cab and shut the door behind him. The traffic was low in the late morning. The rush hour was over for now, and people were at work or in their homes, minding their own business. No one knew about the corpse laying in an alley, except of course the poor teenagers who had witnessed the murder. The two young boys that had been draped in shock blankets after the sight of their drug dealer being shot dead while handing them what they payed for. The same teenagers that had been paralysed with fear and not even a minute later were being accused for having killed a man.
Sherlock didn’t know what to say. He ended up just continuing to glare at the feather until John got impatient and plucked it out himself. He shoved it into his hands, closing the detective’s fingers around it. Sherlock looked up at him with wide eyes. He hadn’t experimented on anything since John left. He didn’t know if he’d be able to do it, especially if John left again. He was about to say something when John cut him off.
“I don’t know,” John stumbled to his feet, grabbing the armchair to help him up. “I can’t really feel any difference at the moment. I’m guessing it will feel different when the skin softens a bit if I start using them more. How does it look?”
“Is there anything else you can tell us about her?” John asked, trying to get the focus off of him, earning him an eyeroll from Sherlock. “Anything about her appearance, personality, usual places she likes to hang out?”
He started to wonder what he was going to do, now that Sherlock was out of the picture. He was a wanted man once again, and he wouldn’t be able to go into town within the next few months until his back was all healed. Even then he’d have to live in hiding. Maybe, if he got himself trained again, he’d be able to join Owl on jobs. It would take a lot of time and effort to get to the same level of fitness he’d been before joining the army, but he found himself willing to try, just to get something else to focus on instead of on the pain caused by the detective.
“You know about me, don’t you,” he said, exasperated.
“I should, but I’m not sure if I will,” he sighed and started to play with the feather he’s plucked. “There’s too much risk trying to train them at Baker Street. Sherlock could notice, and I really don’t want to find out what would happen if he saw them. I don’t think I could handle him hating me for all the things I’ve done.”
John smiled. He’d missed Greg. They’d been quite good friends before all this happened.
The sarcasm made John’s heart fall a bit. Their names had always been Owl and Hawk. It was their names during the first years of their lives. Then John had started to become tired of the constant killing, and instead wanted to help people, which is how he ended up changing his name and getting into the military as an army doctor. He got the best of both worlds, you could say.
“Go back to sleep, I’ll be back in a second,” he lied. John was snoring again moments later, and he let out the breath he didn’t know he’d been holding.
“Yeah, and I might need you on stand-by tonight.”
“I know I asked,” the DI sighed. “I regret it.”
“If you could stop talking, that would help,” he shut his eyes again. John was having none of it, however.
“Jim?” a voice called. Jim grinned and turned to look at the person coming up behind him. He folded his wings quickly, stepping off the edge.
“Yes, fine,” he pulled Sherlock up from the couch and dragged him through the kitchen towards his bedroom. This was the first time they shared a bed. The thought made the detective feel oddly shy for once. He watched as John pulled his black jumper over his head and face plant into the pillows.
He got up from the bed and waited for the guard to open the door. He held his hands out for the man to put on the handcuffs and followed him to the visiting area. He sat down by one of the tables, almost surprised that no one else was there. The guard left him, making John confused. Was this normal?
“What are you doing here?” John questioned and had to supress a giggle at the man’s grumpy face. He was secretly happy to see him.
“Maybe?” The light started to move as if the person holding the flashlight was walking. “You needed me to stake out at your place tonight? Is there a threat or something you want me to look for?”
Sherlock almost wanted to tell him that John was out again, but he decided against it. The man shifted his hold on the knife, pointing it down at his chest. He let the edge of it rest against his collar bone before slowly running it down cutting open the detective’s skin. Sherlock had to stop himself from moving. He was too weak to do anything. He could only hope someone would find them.
“Well, if they wanted her dead, the one that gave us the job must have been one of the serial killers, right?”
John wondered what would happen if Sherlock ever saw his wings. Would the detective just ignore it, or would he just send him off to prison the moment he found out. John had a bad feeling it would be the latter. Or worse; he could be strapped down to the coffee table and cut open as one of Sherlock’s science experiments. What the consulting detective didn’t know, he would find out, any means necessary.
Martin was, as far as the children in the orphanage went, one of the quieter ones. In fact, he was probably the quietest one. John had heard him speak a couple of times before, mainly to Sherlock and Martha, though quietly enough he could barely hear, and never to John directly, though the little boy never failed to nod or wave in greeting when he saw him.
John shook his head, “It’s not a problem.” he said, dismissing the mistake with a smile. He was getting the feeling it's a claim he’s going to have to deal with a lot in the next couple of days.
The cook looked up at the sudden creaking noise, then smiled when he saw who it was, “Good morning, sunshine.” he joked.
John nodded, “Shall I get out of your hair then? Wouldn't want to distract you before your big battle.”
The hall is void of any children, today, he noted duly. Though, the sounds of kids running around, chatting and stomping cheerfully, was still obviously present in the house. It was a nice way to start the day, the house felt lived-in and John was starting to look forward to meeting the little guys.
It took an effort, but after five really unprofessional stitches it looked a lot better. It would heal as long as he gave it time.
“Am I disturbing something?” she tilted her head pulling her wings behind her on the floor.
He started to explore. The window he’d jumped through had been changed, but other than that, it seemed just like it had when he left. He continued into the kitchen, opening the fridge and feeling his heart sink at the sight that met him. There is absolutely nothing there. No food, not even any experiments or body parts. When he looked around, there was really nothing in the kitchen at all. Only the petri dishes and other equipment the detective was so determined to keep on the kitchen table.
Sherlock strode forwards and looked through the files.
He left the house and headed for Baker Street. When he arrived it was late afternoon, and he was quite sure the detective was out of the house. John landed on the building on the other side of the street, and looked in through the window to see if anyone was home. When it seemed clear, he waited for the street to clear and landed outside 221B. He opened the door quietly and snuck in, listening to any sound that would indicate there being anyone home. He walked up the stairs, avoiding any steps that creaked, and entered the flat he’d lived in for the past five years.
He closed his eyes, breathing in a lungful of air before staring down at the slight slope in the field. It was perfect for a running start.
“It feels great!” John couldn’t control his delighted laughter as he did a small twirl, beating his wings faster to climb higher. Owl followed him as they flew over the fields surrounding the farm.
“And we’ve lived together for five, almost six years. People have clearly stated that they’ve thought we were a couple from the start, making marriage the obvious next step. It would be beneficial if one of us ends up in the hospital.”
“Listen,” she smiled softly at him. “Forget about what happened until tomorrow. You need rest, or that back of yours won’t heal. You lost a lot of blood, making this situation even worse for you, since you’re practically high on low oxygen.”
“I’m fetching you so you can fix Sherlock,” Lestrade growled.
“Okay, what are you willing to pay for it?”
“Yes, yes, now, I need you to meet Owl,” Sherlock gestured to Owl who’d started to back away towards the window. “I think she’d be a great addition to your team, Lestrade.”
Their attention shifted to John who had tried to disappear into the couch while the two had been talking. She definitely knew.
“Thank you,” John sighed in relief as the wings were finally tucked away after being out for almost four months. That night he slept better than he had since the case had started.
“You asked.”
“For once, I don’t think it’s for a case,” Sherlock glanced at his brother. Mycroft nodded and pulled out a file.
“Who is this?”
He could hear a muffled ‘hello’ from the kitchen followed by silence. John started to back further into the room, almost falling when his feet got tangled in something on the floor. He looked down and picked up the thing he’d almost stumbled over. It was his jumper. The jumper he’d been wearing the day he left.
It took him a while to control his breathing after finally having his wings out after such a long time. They were laying heavily out on either side of him as he continued to try to catch his breath. There was still a dull ache in the abused skin around the feathers.
“Is there anything about why they’re called the 'birds of prey'?” John figured it was best to just do as he always did.
“Made of ink, I’m sure.”
Sherlock let his gaze fall towards the other man’s lips before looking back. John laughed.
“We’ve got the name on one of them, which I believe the Yard would be able to catch themselves. John and Owl will stalk out the rest of the city, waiting for the other two to strike,” he explained the plan and Lestrade looked almost hopeful for once.
John smiled and squinted up towards the roof of the building he was walking past. The sun had set, and the street lights made it difficult to see anything behind them. Then, small flashes of white light blinked on the edge of the roof. He rolled his eyes.
“Okay, see you in a minute,” she hung up, and not a moment later, there was a tap on the window. John got up and hurried over to open up for the assassin. Sherlock stared at her with wide eyes.
A few seconds later, Mycroft walked through the door.
The question broke him. He was weeping before he could control himself. John was gone once more, and this time he wouldn’t come back. His crimes were enough to keep him locked away for the rest of his life.
A couple of hours later, a nurse walked up to them.
Sherlock tried to hide his slightly elevated breathing pattern and glanced down at the closed files in his hands.
“What?” Lestrade frowned, looking from Sherlock to Owl and back again.
Sherlock gently put his fingers to one of the scars on his shoulders, retracting them when John flinched violently.
He was just about to say it when the door to the flat flew open and Lestrade stood in the doorway.
“What?”
“Sociopath, there’s a difference,” John corrected her and felt himself smile at the memory of how the detective would always correct people who called him a psychopath.
“Yes,” Irene continued to stare intently at him.
“I’ll leave you to it,” the woman giggled and walked towards the window.
“Thank you,” John grinned up at the dark figure balancing over the rooftops.
Sherlock wanted to hug him. He wanted to hug him so bad and maybe even kiss him softly and tell him how much of an idiot he’d been. He wanted to tell him how much he’d missed him. He’d missed him to the point where he couldn’t eat or sleep, or even function properly. He didn’t say anything out loud, of course, he just clutched the feather tighter in his hands. He wanted John to come home. To join him on cases and scold him for ruining the kitchen table, and to sit and listen to him ramble out deductions and to maybe even sit and watch stupid TV shows when they didn’t have anything else to do.
“Well, you are stupid,” he raised an eyebrow at the man. “Why would they kill their drug dealer? They didn’t have a reason to kill him, therefore it couldn’t have been them.”
“You’re better,” he mumbled sleepily and nuzzled closer. Sherlock couldn’t really believe that given his bony appearance, but he let it go, listening as John fell asleep. The soft snores escaping his friend made his heart warm. It was nice to be this close to John. Soon, he was drifting off, too.
“Are you always like that?” she asked and looked to John for confirmation. John shrugged and winked at her.
“If this is about that guard a few weeks ago, I’m not sorry.”
“My pleasure. Now, I’ve been dying to know what your wings look like,” she grabbed John’s arm and dragged him to his feet.
“I’ll probably solve it by tonight, so what’s the point in keeping it from me?”
“Sounds like a plan,” he grinned before turning to Owl, who almost looked like someone had slapped her right across the face. “Are you okay with it, miss?”
“And the gunshot wound? How does that feel?”
“I think you know why.”
“You know, I think John would hate it if you left without saying goodbye,” John put the gun down on the table. He moved carefully to not startle the man further. “He needs you just as much as you need him, you hear me, Sherlock? Don’t you dare leave him now.”
“I hope you’ll join me on more adventures in the near future, Mr. Hawk,” the assassin giggled and punched him playfully in the shoulder.
“That’s really nice of you, thank you,” John was slightly flabbergasted. Irene just smiled.
They were just about to leave when one of the police officers came charging into the office. Sherlock had just gotten his coat on, and John was moments away from being hit by the door slamming open. Thankful for his reflexes, he jumped out of the way just as the door came rushing towards him.
“What does that even mean?”
“You’re getting slow, brother dearest,” Sherlock mocked, but without the normal punch to it. He hesitated before opening the file. There were a few pictures of John and his fellow team members, and some from his earlier days at St. Bart’s hospital. Nothing seemed as if he was hiding anything at all. The text was what got to him. “Where’s the rest of it?”
“Of course not,” she grinned and placed the phone against her ear. “Now shush, it’s ringing,” she waited for a minute. “Oh, Sherlock, it’s terrible!” the old woman put up quite a show as she explained that they’d had a break in, and that the entire place was turned upside down. She winked at John who grinned at her. When she hung up, she grabbed the cups and walked into the kitchen.
Mrs. Hudson pulled him gently over to the couch. She sat down beside him, trying to comfort him. She knew it was hopeless.
John should have been home by now. Why wasn’t he home? He’d normally sit in his chair reading something on the computer, or writing his blog by now. Not to mention his clear uneasiness around Irene made it highly improbable that he was still at her place, which left the question: Where the hell is he?
“John!” Sherlock cried and crawled over to him. “No, no, no, don’t you dare die on me, now. I just got you back!”
“It’s just a punctured lung, Sherlock,” John placed his head on Sherlock’s shoulder.
“Can I watch as you, you know, reveal them?” Sherlock almost thought John would say no, but then he turned around and started to press his wings out. Sherlock couldn’t help but gasp. It was an unnatural sight. The skin gave away and settled against the base of two great wings. The gasp seemed to startle John as he turned around to look at the detective, scepticism written clear as day on his face. The wings were folded against his back tightly, as if he was trying to hide them as much as possible.
Sherlock walked closer and started to trace the scars again, knowing exactly when he got them. The memory of wings shooting out of John’s back made a shiver go down his spine.
“What’s wrong?” she whispered as she wiped away one of his tears with her thumb. He sniffed and tried to stop the uncontrollable sobbing. She rubbed his arm soothingly and waited patiently for him answer.
“Wait, am I allowed to put on a jumper? It’s getting a bit chilly,” he looked at the DI.
“You’re an assassin, John,” Sherlock studied his own feet while continuing. “If that’s your real name.”
A hand grabbed him by his hair and slammed his head into the brick wall. Sherlock blacked out for a few seconds, waking up to a knife pressed against his throat. The man laughed, making Sherlock swallow nervously as the blade made a small cut in his skin.
“Is this payback?” he asked as Sherlock dipped down and pecked him on the nose.
His question was answered a moment later when the door opened to reveal none other than Mycroft Holmes. John groaned.
“I’ll call you about the details in the morning,” John said as she perched on the window sill. She gave him a thumbs up before jumping out into the night. John walked over and closed the window after her.
“Yes, he would think he acquired a new guinea pig, how nice for him.”
John jumped. He realised that he was standing still in front of an open cab door. Way to go, Watson. Great work at hiding your secrets from the smartest man in the world. He definitely won’t notice you just standing there, staring emptily into space.
“No, they’re fine,” John said quickly. “It’s just that I got shot in the shoulder a few years back, and I haven’t used my wings since I saw you last time.”
“You’re jumpier than normal,” Sherlock narrowed his eyes at John who suddenly felt his tattoos burn. “And you seem more… distant.”
John was his life.
“And?” he could almost hear John smirk.
“You can dive 120 mph, and you didn’t tell me?” Sherlock glared at John who winked at him.
John closed his eyes for a moment, trying to figure out what to do when Sherlock woke up. He should tell him about his feelings. The sooner the better, right? If he didn’t, he might never do it. Even if Sherlock rejected him, he’d feel better just staying friends. Maybe he could just tell him that having a crush on the man was the thing he’d been hiding from him, and then the detective would never know about his wings? Sherlock would probably find out after a while, but then this case would be finished, and he wouldn’t have to worry about it, anyway.
John looked at her. Her brown hair was dishevelled and the pony tail was loose after the flight. She looked tired after the long evening, and he tried not to feel even more like a burden. She seemed to notice his expression however, and punched him in the knee.
“I was starting to realise it, yes.”
“I’m surrendering, detective inspector. Congratulations, you’ve caught me.”
“And you almost got sliced open, so I guess we’re even,” John squeezed his hand. Sherlock sighed and touched his cheekbone carefully. It was deep, but he’d be fine.
“I just need to get home first,” The doctor moved his wounded shoulder to try and feel how damaged it was. Judging by what Irene had said, it was quite clean, not too much jagged edges.
He looked back at Sherlock who seemed to be focused on his conversation with Lestrade. He was going to miss his life in this flat. Solving cases and trailing murderers down alleyways. Being by Sherlocks side. Drinking tea in the morning, sitting in silence and enjoying each other’s company. It had come to an end.
“A serial killer?” John tried to look at the pictures on the desk from his position behind Sherlock. Lestrade nodded.
Irene went closer and cringed.
“I don’t want to hurt you.”
“I’d forgotten how exciting it felt,” John chuckled and checked his sniper over. He pulled up his knife from its sheath and scratched another line in the metal.
“I remembered something like this happened about 11 years ago,” Lestrade continued. “It's the same method. Headshots from straight above, like the killer was flying over them.”
“I actually tried them out today.”
They sat in silence as they waited for the ambulance to get there.
“I won’t let you out like this, though,” she chuckled. “I’ll let you join me when you’ve proved to me that you’re able to fly. You have almost no muscle left to actually carry you anywhere.”
“Jesus, John,” Owl said as she fell down to her knees pulling out a small first-aid kit from a small pouch on her belt. “Where were you hit?” she pushed Sherlock away from John. John pointed at the side of his chest. Owl quickly pulled up his jumper and saw the small bullet wound. She opened her first-aid kit and pulled out a small plastic bag. She tore it open and got out a small transparent square. “Sherlock, call an ambulance,” she instructed as she placed the square on top of the hole. John’s breathing steadied out, turning closer to normal. She made him lean forward so she could check him for any exit wounds, and when she found none, she pulled down the jumper again to shield him from the cold air as much as she could.
“If I would what?” John watched him intently, waiting for him to elaborate further.
“Well, he grew up in an abusive home. It’s not
Sherlock looked away. He didn’t know why he’d done it.
It was the first of many successful jobs. John finally felt like he’d moved on from his life with the detective, and he could start living again. That is, until a few months later.
“Not so tough when no one’s protecting you,” the man lifted the knife up to his left cheekbone. “Such sharp cheekbones. Would be a shame if I- Oops,” the blade cut deep, making warm blood run down his cheek. Sherlock shut his eyes against the sting. “And what an eye colour, you have, Mr. Holmes,” the man giggled. Dread crept up the detective’s spine. He began to thrash violently, trying to get away from his abuser. “Relax, I only want one of them. Maybe I’ll send it to your friend?”
She was able to drag him into the house again, quickly settling him on the footstool. It seemed like the best place for some reason.
“Did they ever figure out who it was?” John tried to sound normal. Ask a question, seem interested, control the panic. He got a concerned glance from Sherlock, reminding him that the man didn't know about his past, and that he had to get it together before he had a full on panic attack. That would ruin him for sure.
When he got out the doors, he saw the black car waiting for him. He walked over and got in, almost expecting Mycroft to sit in the passenger seat like he sometimes did. What he didn’t expect, however, was Lestrade.
“It’s good to be home,” John smiled at her and watched as she walked out of the flat.
He felt the cold liquid cover up his skin surrounding his wings, and supressed the urge to arch his back away from the unpleasant feeling.
Sherlock looked away and sighed.
“I see,” he smiled sweetly and pulled back, letting go of Sherlock’s head. “You want one of those.”
“You’re sleepy,” John leaned over him and gave him a kiss on the forehead. Sherlock frowned at him.
“Of course, it is,” Sherlock grinned. “John, give me my phone.”
“You heard me.”
A short trip later and they were standing in front of Irene’s front doors, ringing the doorbell. Her assistant opened for them and asked them to wait in the living room. Irene joined them shortly after, thankfully wearing a black dress.
“You’re a murderer, John.” Lestrade said flatly, crossing his arms over his chest.
“I missed you,” he said, squeezing John’s hand.
“And I’m hoping you’re going to fix it as soon as possible?”
“And what would that be?”
“Okay, what’s got you down this time?” Owl sighed and turned to look at him. She noticed his glum expression and walked closer to him. “You want to try to hide them?”
He started to tuck in his wings as he waited for the water to boil. He got them in effortlessly and rolled his shoulders to get them to settle better against his body.
“I got more information about the birds of prey,” Sherlock explained and continued to read through the text. “It says that they were quite active about ten years ago before one of them disappeared. It’s not known what happened to him, but sources suggest that he’s dead. The other one is supposedly still active.”
His phone lit up on the small table beside his chair catching his attention. He’d put it on soundless so he wouldn’t disturb Sherlock while he was in his mind palace. He was able to read the message before the screen turned back. When he looked out the window, he could see Owl standing on the rooftop opposite of their, no Sherlock’s flat. She seemed to have noticed his situation and made a small gesture before taking off into the air. John understood.
“Can we please focus on the case, instead of me? I’ll…” He hesitated. “I’ll tell you when you’ve solved this case.”
They had been a team. The two of them against the world. Then it ended. John changed his view on killing people for money, while she continued their work. When John signed up to join the fight in Afghanistan, his sister went off radar.
“They aren’t actually tattoos,” John explained quickly. “They’re just hidden underneath a second layer of skin. It’s practical if you want to hide them.”
Lestrade gave him four more. Sherlock stared at them. All five victims had the exact same wound. A single bullet wound to the top of the head. No exit wound. Not an uncommon wound for an assassination, but the way the bullet had hit, caught John's attention. Sherlock saw it, too.
He looked down at the jumper he’d been wearing. It was bloody, but not too bad. It’d probably look even more suspicious if he changed his jumper right after he’d gotten home.
“But you didn’t,” he muttered. “I’m never going to leave you, Sherlock. Not if I can help it. Never again.”
“Perfect. Let’s get this game started.”
“I’ll manage,” he grinned, thrilled at the idea of finally being back with the clouds. Owl nodded and stepped back. He spread his wings to their full width behind him and tested them for a minute, checking that everything felt like it should. He felt a small tug on his left wing, and quickly pulled out the stray feather that was standing at a weird angle. He’d preened them as well as he could with a bit of help from Owl at places he hadn’t been able to reach because of his wounds. They were ready, now.
“Jesus, John.” Lestrade rubbed the bridge of his nose. “I don’t want to hear it.”
“I want to help with the case,” Sherlock closed his eyes when he felt a hand run through his hair.
“Yeah, early release,” he chuckled. “Listen, I need you to get to the hospital. Are you around?”
His thoughts returned to him when his bare skin met the cold wall behind him. By then it was too late. Way too late. Sherlock had already grabbed his naked shoulders harshly and started to pull him sideways. John’s legs were kicked out from under him, and he was falling.
It was the first of many “stupid mistakes” that would end up making Sherlock even more suspicious of him than before. He could always tell him it was because of a virus, and that he wasn’t feeling well, but in the end, Sherlock knew him well enough to know when he was lying or hiding something.
When he came back to the bed, Sherlock had started to drift off.
Sherlock frowned and reached out to take the files from Mycroft. The man held them out of reach.
“God, I’ve missed this,” She grinned and gave him a quick hug. “You and me against the rest of the world, just like old times.”
“I see you’re back from your mind palace?” He grinned when Sherlock blinked owlishly.
“Oh, and you want his name so you can catch him?”
“And the rest of them?”
Sherlock’s world was crumbling. He didn’t know John’s feelings were that strong. He’d thought it was only an attraction, nothing more. When he thought about it, it made sense. Not only that, but he realised the feeling was mutual.
“I don’t think I’d be able to get very far, to be honest,” he said, flinching slightly as the ragged edge of where his skin had teared open towards his gunshot wound got caught in the wool of his jumper.
Sherlock didn’t seem to have noticed as he turned on his heels and stormed out into the hallway. John followed closely behind him. A heavy feeling draped itself over him like a thick blanket. A constant weight on his shoulder. He could almost feel the panic attack lurking in the back of his mind as he kept up with his best friend. The thoughts of what would happen to him if the man ever found out his secrets buzzed in his mind. Over and over they would play different scenarios and alternative endings to his eventual reveal.
“The what?” Sherlock stared at him. John shrugged.
killed the cab driver when Sherlock was about to eat that pill. A shot with such precision it made even the Yard’s best snipers look like amateurs. It was obvious he’d had a lot of training, but if that was because of the army, or something else, he wasn’t sure. He didn’t have enough data on it.
“Is that doubt I see, doctor?”
Sherlock and John entered the crime scene as one of the boys cried out in anger at the statements of the investigators. John already knew who was responsible for the dead man on the ground.
He was laying on his bunk when one of the less annoying guards knocked on the door. The man had been a fan of his blog, and sometimes ended up conversing with John about all his adventures together with the detective.
“You’re lying,” Sherlock leaned closer as John took a step back. He felt uncomfortable being questioned like this. Who wouldn’t if someone walked straight into your personal space and interrogated you? “Tell me what it is, John. You know I hate not knowing. I will figure it out eventually, anyway.”
“Irene Adler?” John felt like pinching the bridge of his nose. ‘The Woman’ had never been on his top ten list of people he liked to spend time with, so the fact that Sherlock most certainly would drag him off to the dominatrix was not a nice one.  He’d rather spend an evening with Mycroft. He knew Sherlock found her fascinating, but after the last few years, he couldn’t help but dislike her even more. He couldn’t find a reason for his feelings towards her, but every time he would come near her, or that dreaded text alert went off, his chest would tighten and his throat close up.
“I’m aware. There’s a reason I’m a bit scared to unfold them,” John mumbled and took a deep breath, preparing for the next part. He knew how painful it could be after only a month of not unfolding them, but almost ten years, and a gunshot wound? That’s something else, entirely.
“I’ll help you if you’re having trouble,” Owl smiled as he continued to pull his wings down, trying to find the edge of the skin. Finally, he got one of his wings partially into the pocket. It was a slow process, but he got the first wing tucked in, now it was the other. The one that was under the bullet wound. He tried his best to get it in, but because of the stiffness of his skin, he didn’t have a chance. He was beginning to get frustrated when he felt hand grab his struggling wing, keeping it in place before lifting his skin and pushing it under, just enough for him to finish the rest of the job.
“Yeah, I found them with some of your old things in the attic at the farm. You know the things you gave to me before you joined the army?” Owl explained. “I thought you missed them.”
John felt his heart beat in his throat. The silence was stretching towards unbearable while Sherlock analysed the new information.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock took a few steps closer to him. His eyes roamed over him, trying to find out what his secret was.
been starving himself after John left, now that no one was looking after him. Not on a daily basis at least.
“Is it really you, John?”
“I’d like to see you try,” John mocked and straightened his back, confidence radiating off him in waves, almost. “You really think you’d be able to shoot me? I’m a bloody assassin, Greg. I killed someone just last night. Isn’t that right, Sherlock? You were there.”
“I see you’re back from your mind palace?” John grinned even wider at the confused expression on the detective’s face.
John felt the first tear roll down his cheek. He looked into Owl’s gentle dark brown eyes. He could see the sympathy clear as day, which made him slightly frustrated, but because of all that had happened in the last few hours, he couldn’t find himself to be mad at her for it. Exhaustion and heartbreak pulled him down into a depressed state, and he didn’t know how to climb out of it.
When John didn’t move, Owl walked in front of him and crouched.
“You’re not going to tell him it’s me, right? He might bring the entire force.” John glanced at her.
John grabbed the detectives coat, trying to get the man even closer. There was too much space between them. He needed this. He had been needing this for quite some time, actually. Now he finally had it. Or did he?
“That was you?” Sherlock whispered. He’d hoped it wasn’t John.
He woke up the next morning with a terrible headache and a throbbing back. For a second he couldn’t even remember where he was, but then it all came back to him. The kiss, Sherlock pushing him to the floor, and the barrel of a gun pointed at his chest. He pushed his face into the pillow letting out a low groan.
“The pain gets worse when you haven’t used them in a while,” John explained. “The more you do it, the more flexible the skin gets, and the less pain you feel.”
Sherlock called the ambulance as soon as his phone was on, and told them what had happened. He met John’s eyes and felt himself calm down slightly. He watched as Owl sat down beside her old partner, motioning for Sherlock to sit down on his other side. The detective settled against John, grabbing his hand and holding it firmly.
“Always,” John mumbled before closing his eyes, continuing to listen to the heartbeat of his best friend.
“I’m guessing you’re coming with us, then?” Lestrade sighed at the consulting detective’s rather devilish grin. John tried to hide his terror as well as he could. He hoped his hesitance didn’t attract Sherlock’s attention.
“Yeah, you’re totally safe unless Mycroft says anything,” Irene grinned. A shiver ran down John’s spine.
“Seems like I’m not the only one who needs some sleep?” John smiled at the low rumble of Sherlock’s voice.
He didn’t have to wait long before someone came to his cell to help him get his things so he could leave. When they gave him his jumper, he almost teared up. He put it on and hugged himself tightly. God, he’d missed it.
“Great work, partner,” she grinned and patted his shoulder briefly. She tucked her wings under her skin and got inside the small house, making John follow her. “Tomorrow I’m sure you’ll be able to fly even further.”
John sighed and watched as the flashlight reached the end of the building. It disappeared for a few seconds before reappearing on the next roof. He frowned as he read the message that was being flashed at him.
“You won’t know until you’ve tried,” she smiled.
“You need my assistance?” she smirked as she sat down in her armchair by the window. Sherlock cleared his throat.
He let his fingers run over the skin until he reached the tattoos. Now that he was up close, the details were amazing. They really looked like real wings. And then he touched them. They didn’t just look realistic, they felt like actual feathers.
“He might be of interest on your current case.”
“Of course, it was you,” the officer stated. “Do you think I’m stupid, boy?”
“I must really have been out of it to make you this worried,” John sighed before realising his mistake. Sherlock stared at him, his expression pained, before pulling away. John reached out and took a hold of his wrist. “And,” he continued as he watched the detective carefully. “It’s really sweet of you. I was gone for a while, wasn’t I?” Sherlock nodded, looking down at John’s hand. John dragged him closer and touched his cheek gently. “I love you too, Sherlock Holmes. With all my heart.”
“You have got to be kidding me,” he exclaimed as the older Holmes brother walked up to him.
“What is it?” Sherlock tried to see the item, but John turned away before he could. “John, I want to see.”
John scratched the back of his head. After he’d left her to join the military, he’d lost contact with her all together. He hadn’t seen or heard from her in years, which also meant she didn’t know about his injuries.
Sherlock’s lips were on his. They were even softer than he’d imagined. And yes, he had imagined it. And if he didn’t kiss him back soon, Sherlock would probably stop, which would be really sad, because he wanted this so bad.
“No, it’s fine. We were just about to go to bed,” John said quickly and pushed Sherlock out of his lap, ignoring the grumble from the detective. “Anything you wanted to talk to us about?”
John hadn’t really thought about what he wanted her to do. He just had a seriously awful feeling that something bad was going to happen, and if he was right, he’d need somewhere to escape. Had his wings been working, if all else failed, he’d be able to go through the window. If Owl was outside the window, she’d probably be able to catch him.
John was left sitting in the bed, more determined than ever to actually get back into shape. He’d have to start small, though, which meant he’d have to heal. Owl was right. He couldn’t take the chance of getting an infection or just damage his back even more.
“We think he might be a serial killer,” Sherlock explained.
The darkness continued to touch him gingerly, stroking his hair, caressing his skin, tickling his lips, urging him to wake up. Just for him. One more miracle. Don’t leave him. Please.
And with that, John turned and ran for it. He knew he had to get his wings out if Owl was going to be able to lift him successfully, so he prepared himself for the pain. He bit back the scream as he unfolded his wings with such force that the second layer of skin tore at multiple places. He had to keep going. He still had to go through the glass.
“No, but there is a name of someone who knows the Owl,” the detective smiled at the screen. There was a silence as John waited for him to continue. When he didn’t, he sighed and asked:
He walked back into the living room and turned on the lamp beside his chair. He sat down and started to read in his book, waiting for the detective to move. John had a plan, and he would stick to that plan, no matter what. What if it went well, anyway? What if they ended up becoming something greater? The thought alone made John smile.
“Do you know the name of the person who gave us the bank lady job?” John watched as she pondered over it. She pulled out her phone.
“I like it,” he grinned as Sherlock put down the cup. “There’s just one little thing, though.”
In the military, John had been called a guardian angel. The nickname was fitting if you saw his back. If someone asked how he got his tattoos, he would tell them it was a drunken night some years ago. That was also a lie. He got them when he was just a newborn baby at a lab somewhere he couldn't remember, where he was raised together with his sister. They weren't related by blood. He had a biological sister, too, but he hadn't contacted her before later in his life.
“You mean real wings with feathers, like birds?” Lestrade frowned. Just saying it out loud sounded stupid. If he just knew...
The memory of John pulling on his jumper resurfaced. It had happened on multiple occasions the last week. Not only that, but he seemed to be more distant and paranoid. He locked doors he normally wouldn’t. He walked different routes to avoid Sherlock as much as possible, and he almost never turned his back on him. John had been facing him straight on a lot more than usual.
“I’m planning on training as much as I can until I’m able to join you again.”
“Come on! I want to see them!” she continued to push.
“Yeah, but it seems unlikely,” Lestrade took the files. “We guessed the guy who told us meant they used one of those flight suits to glide between buildings. It also says they had wings. Like actual wings.”
“Sherlock?” A soft mumble came from the bed. Sherlock froze, watching the other man carefully, hoping he’d go back to sleep. He made a decision, quickly bending over to place a kiss on John’s cheek.
They arrived at the New Scotland Yard and made their way through the building. As usual, the people around them stared and whispered when they walked by. They were a common sight. Sherlock led the way, and John followed in his tracks. As always. When they entered the familiar office, they were greeted by a stressed Detective Inspector. Greg Lestrade looked up when John cleared his throat.
