, Harry would scoff: well. Not for her, is it. John left his mobile downstairs: well. That can wait for tomorrow, too. He turns back the duvet.
John licks at his lips—tastes— "Can I do it again," he says, a little too fast, "and you can tell me?"; and swallowing audible, Sherlock says, "Yeah."
, he had wanted to get away enough to make John angry but he had been been disconcerted enough to leave his hard drive plugged into John's laptop, mounted and open, with a file in use on John's screen. No Sherlocks do that, John would like to assert, but can't, obviously: is that a problem? John doesn't—he doesn't know. He should be angry. Sherlock and his two and a half years of data'd sent 1819 people to prison across the UK, more abroad, but it's still just—just
"Just—saunter down to the ground floor, I reckon?" John shifts his shoulders, rubbing his palm at the back of Sherlock's ribs. "Step out to check the weather, letting it all hang out?"
before he got his height or had had to shave, all vast seaglass eyes in a pretty girlish face and the skinny elfin confines of his little-boy's body, topped with a moppish head of auburn-black curls, and
"Really more..." Sherlock pauses, fully engaged in the tricky work of trying to pin John's chopstick against the table. "Charming, I think. He was perfectly ordinary-looking, but..." His voice curves down. "Untouchable," he says. "Self-possessed."
His mobile buzzes. He stuffs a bite of sandwich in between his teeth and wipes his hands before digging it out:
"Roll over," Sherlock says, pulling back. A rush of cold air to all the hot-sticky places where they were pressed together but it gives John the space to roll over onto his belly, so John rolls over onto his belly. Sherlock is pulling the pillows down from the head of the bed, so John presses his hips up so that Sherlock can wedge them under him: not rocket science, is it. Sherlock bends down to kiss his shoulder. Nuzzle at his neck. John squirms, breath picking up, chest tight—
Knelt on the carpet with Sherlock's bent knees tucked between his, John feels tired, half turned on, and sad. Sherlock looks like he's been through the wars: John doubts he's eaten anything since the half an egg and two bites of muffin he'd got down this morning: he'd skipped the ham and hollandaise entirely, and still ended up throwing most of his breakfast away.
John tugs at the back of Sherlock's hair. "Let's skip 'should', yeah?" he says, quiet; and Sherlock exhales against him: heavier, slack. He rubs his face over John's jaw, turning up: nosing at his ear and his temple, before John turns his head to meet him for a kiss. "
, this unruly mess of meat and organs and self-immolating desire, who had pushed himself up against men in pubs and nightclubs, bought them drinks, touched their hips and their throats; who had danced pressed back to front and felt them up in cabs and dark booths and on streetcorners; who had kissed them on their beds and their sofas; who had pressed his fingers alongside their fingers inside their bodies, his body; who had stroked their cocks and their bellies and their prostates, sucked on their nipples and their fingers and their tongues and their balls; who had been led backstage once, shirtless and covered in glitter, to his middle-aged friends' raucous wolf-whistles, by a twenty-five-year-old drag queen for a memorable hour and a half with her nails in his hair and his hands up her skirt; who had been gently placed on his back on a blanket on the floor of Vic's friend Ron's decorator living room with his wrists and ankles clamped to a spreader bar so that Vic could coach Ron's partner Neil through bringing John off without touching his prick while half the party kissed him in turns, hot velvet-blue and messy with the sparkling-roiling electric delirium of two hits of ecstasy (—
"Mrs. Hudson," John murmurs, biting at his jaw, "is going to wonder why—why on earth there's water dripping down her stairwell—"
"Your legs?" John asks, curving his fingers back down against the tops of the backs of Sherlock's thighs.
John's hands. Sherlock's warm, damp back. Sherlock presses his mouth to the hinge of John's shoulder, two ribs,
Sherlock is quiet. Not quite watching him, not watching back: they both see her coming, this time; sitting straight on their benches in silence, waiting. She puts the tray by Sherlock, with a biro that doesn't work. John stuffs his scraped-up hand into his pocket, and digs out his own.
"Wanting your cock down my throat," Sherlock says, sounding irritated; so John swallows and says, "Fair enough."
but not soon enough to prevent them from crashing into the side table, lamp wobbling and John's mobile falling off the back as they stumble—
Downstairs John fills a glass, then swallows the first two-thirds so fast it makes his stomach clench queasily. He slows, filling a second; then drinks half of that one too while refilling the first. His sheets are still in the washer. He ought to hang them up, probably, but. Sherlock. Not-quite-naked in his bed; and for later, Sherlock's clean second set of sheets. Upstairs, John can hear a creak—another—Sherlock moving around in John's bedroom? stepping onto the landing? John tops up the second glass and carries them both upstairs; careful, balancing. The duvet has been straightened, the lube bottle set back beside the lamp; and Sherlock is standing next to the bed, flushed scarlet in every millimeter of him John can see. There's quite a few of them, those millimeters: Sherlock is standing by the bed with his back to the door, shoulders rolled forward, tugging awkwardly at the right leg hole of the knickers.
"To be entirely truthful," Sherlock says—voice all of a sudden careless, as he scrubs a hand through his hair— "I'd rather you lent me a bit more than six and a half minutes," and then angles his body back to face him, backlit blue and white.
demanding," John says. Protesting: not quite quiet, inside. "You're—in a lot of ways you're pushy, about other things, and you're—" He swallows. Throat tight. "You're often tactless," he concedes, "and very frequently difficult, but—but getting you to actually
"Oh—that's no mystery. Calais, Le Havre, Dieppe." One shoulder, then the other, Sherlock shrugs. "That's not where it starts, though, is it." He takes another bite of fish, meeting John's eyes while he chews. Swallows. "Eight of the lads they've caught've insisted they only spoke French," he says. His eyes glass-clear pools. "With Flemish accents."
John swallows. Swallows. "Four," he says, "please," as Sherlock nodding, presses his fingers deep and nods—nodding as slow, slower—
close": because he can still taste that last swell of Sherlock's precome welling up warmsalty in the back of his mouth. As he watches Sherlock's blush darkens painfully, a sweaty tomato-y shine across his forehead and his cheeks and his throat. "Was it—because I'm just such a fantastic cocksucker, or because—"
," wavering: his cock slid tight along the fucked-soft-wet-licked crease of John's arse. John breathes in and out hammering hard. Sherlock's never been so close. John can
Hours. It feels like—hours, probably. Days. Sherlock sobs over and over, shaking with it, until his breath runs out; and then he weeps in awful, ragged half-silence until John can't stand it and then he keeps going for twice as long again. More. If John'd been—but he isn't, so he just lies there and holds him and tries not to think: rubbing, entirely uselessly, at Sherlock's sweat-clammy back. John keeps coming up with tasks, and then discarding them: he could get Sherlock a handkerchief, a warm wet cloth, a cup of milky sweet tea, if he had been he could have but every time he so much as shifts on the mattress Sherlock starts gasping again. So John—waits. He thinks he just has to—to wait and then. And then. He is acutely aware of the threads of his thoughts, unwinding spun out and apart. A half-dozen spools skittering away down the stairs and John jerks awake: against his throat Sherlock huffs, and huffs, and huffs. His body lax and heavy as his body sticks sweatily to John's as Sherlock drifts in an exhausted, red-faced half-doze. Even so, nearly sleeping, he whines when John shifts himself up for the water, blinking blankly before resettling: John puts a hand on Sherlock's shoulder and drinks half of what's left and then dampens the least filthy corner of his boxers, and then uses it to wipe, very gently, at the streaks of salt and eyeliner crusted across Sherlock's hot face.
"God." John can barely breathe. "You're really." Pressing slick fingers against the already-soaked too-tender rim of himself, tucked against the jut of bone at the crest of Sherlock's lovely, angular wrist. Looking up at Sherlock's red-flushed face and wide eyes: "Touch me," John whispers, and Sherlock gasps, and then evaporating out disintegrating in Sherlock's lap-arms-bed warm-sheeted and groaning as touching the tendons that pull-shift in Sherlock's slick moving right forearm as Sherlock's clever fingers caress him all over him around him
"Generally," Sherlock murmurs: felt, more than heard. "The commentary I get from most people is more along the stork-in-fancy-dress lines"; "Yeah, well most people are sodding morons," John says, face hot, feeling fierce; while Sherlock is giving him a lovely lopsided little smile as they kiss, slow and sweet. Sherlock shifts, against him beneath him, rolling over just enough to pull John on top. Stretching, he takes a breath, his ribs lifting against every gram of John's desperate, grateful weight: they kiss.
, and then asked her if she'd eaten anything new lately, if she'd changed her shampoo or her soap, if she'd done anything unusual at the weekend; and then Daisy had burst into huge, hiccuping sobs, startling, all at once; and then, crumpling forward, she'd shoved her hand tight over her mouth to hold everything back but for a high, panicky whine. Then, John still frozen with his mouth open, the oldest of the children—a girl, John thinks, most likely not quite five—had come over to tug on the hem of Daisy's blue cardigan, and said,
Sherlock leads them to Hawe. He avoids the threatened encounter with the site lead for counter-terrorism by virtue of getting PC Heller and a whey-faced man in tweed and elbow patches to lead them down to where they've taken everything that's been cleared out of the gallery, which turns out to be absolute masses of homoerotic Greco-Roman statuary that—contextually speaking—make John's skin blaze painfully. He hopes it's not visible; glad he's not got Sherlock's complexion, at least. Sherlock, for his part, is blasé about the entire thing: he has apparently deleted enough about the Greeks for it to bother him very little, which leads to a lot of awkward pauses with the tweedy curator, and also means that after they've turned up the bomb—such as it is: nonfunctional detonator—not in the art itself, but screwed instead into the base of a display that'd once held some priceless urn or another, John finds himself in the unenviable position of explaining to Sherlock how his petty-criminal former frenemy was probably coming on to him via explosives, which makes for John's second most memorable Uber ride ever.
He mops up the floor. He hangs both the towels to dry, crammed together on the rail. He pads naked across the landing with the damp still steaming off his skin and puts on boxers, vest, jeans, and a brown checked shirt because he doesn't know if it's cruel of him to put on something that's blue. He thinks about putting on shoes but can't bear it, so instead he sits in the chair where he puts on his shoes with his mobile in his trembling clenching hand, and he texts Harry back. He checks his email. The news. He hears the front door when it opens, two flights down. He hears it when it shuts again. He hears footsteps moving up and about while the screen blurs in front of him: cupboards opening and closing, the fridge; putting groceries away, probably; getting out pots and pans. John sits on his chair seeing nothing thinking—nothing,
"Smaller," Sherlock says, "loads smaller. Almost a paste, but not quite"; and John nods. Gives the board another 90 degree turn. Another series of cuts, another turn.
"For what it's worth," he says, when he can, "if anyone else had said that to me, anytime since 2013, I think I'd've beaten them through the floor, so—"
Sherlock whines, arching. Up: John swallows, his sodden slickening mouth. He curls out his tongue just to—just to
He turns the water to cold and rinses himself off: bracing. Waking him the rest of the way up. Then he gets out and drip-dries while he brushes his teeth and then rubs himself all over with the damp fucking pink-and-purple floral towel that still smells like Pears soap and Sherlock's skin and pads back to his bedroom to get the carrier bag out of his wardrobe; stands at his sink for half an hour, washing every scrap of lace and suspender and stocking with soap and warm water and squeezing it in the towel before draping it over the shower to air dry, because he hasn't got the first fucking idea what else he can do.
, while 350 kilometers away soft fast-squelching wet Sherlock'd made little lovely longing sounds fuzzed by distance: and when John'd deleted his texts, that'd been nothing to go away. No records. No tape. That single third incandescent text John has promised to forget best he can but before that in the dark Sherlock'd sent, first,
John wraps his hand around Sherlock's ankle, shifts it out so he can kiss the tender underside of Sherlock's knee. Sherlock takes a slow, expansive breath. "Six," Sherlock says, "y—can you."
. In November when Sherlock had come back different, he'd stayed, at first, very briefly with Mycroft; then on a lilo in 221C; then—elsewhere, for a bit; and then he had asked, very quietly,
Sherlock licks at the corner of his mouth. "Three," he says. Roughed up. John presses up onto his elbow and brushes against Sherlock's lashes with his closed lips, and Sherlock inhales. "That's." Clears his throat. "Strange, it—" and with a strange unaccountable sensation inside him John opens his mouth.
"I do think," Sherlock says, after a moment, "that you're a good listener by trade and a lot of people keep trying to tell you what's right when it isn't." he sighs. His voice drops, when he adds, "Not for us, at least."
"You're so demanding," Sherlock murmurs, across the joist of his arm; "I know," John whispers, "'m sorry," and Sherlock pulls back and slaps him twice, once on each side, and while still-sparking singing Sherlock lets his hand fall. "You know you shouldn't and you still do it anyway," Sherlock says, low and close, and hot all over John nods. He can hear Sherlock swallow. Hand on John's burning heaving chest: "Lucky, then, that I can think of all kinds of things to put you in your place," Sherlock says, as he strokes his knuckles across John's trembling cavernous belly up-down, up-down; John shudders. Groans: stops. And stops. Sherlock is huffing small bracing breaths, hot on his cheek, and John is dissolving into black air and "Head up," Sherlock whispers, petting; "get your head up, John,
. He feels a little lightheaded. Sherlock's long bare arm is sliding out behind him, along the back of the chair. John puts his hand on Sherlock's cheek. Keeping him—. He kisses him again and again and again while Sherlock is bending down to meet him, cautiously perched in his lap, half-encircled by his arm. Helpless John touches the small of his back, his belly, his side, wanting—wanting—; then feels Sherlock tense and hunch above him all at once: John's thumb just touched to a rib.
John nods. Kisses him again: one, two. Three. Sherlock still holding onto the back of his neck unrelenting. His arm 'round Sherlock's middle, half-asleep. John presses his nose to Sherlock's hot cheek.
"John," he says, very quietly; and John opens his eyes, looking up. Sherlock's half-closed darkened eyes, long fingers curling up on his shoulder. Sherlock slides down against him, presses a kiss to John's sternum, then follows his mouth with his cheek.
John swallows. Christ. Sherlock's already sucking a kiss into John's throat: pain arcing at the edges, shivery-bright— "Thought about."
Right. John nods: Rouen. He turns the cutting board and gives the garlic another chop-chop-chop, finer every time. "Just how minced do you want this?" John asks, and Sherlock peers over.
John swallows. He touches Sherlock's mouth: a man's mouth, and yet. Yet. Pinker, now they've been kissing.
"I think he saved your life," John says, finally. "Because—because that's what you've just told me." A breath; another. "And I think—" Stopping. Stopped, stopped up: grief clawing at the insides of his throat. "I think you have, since then, made choices," John says, unsteady, "that I can't—no, that I
Sherlock blinks, and John inhales, pressing their faces together: a breath. When he pulls back Sherlock is still almost watching him, eyes unfocused: John licks at his own dry mouth.
A strange feeling: not knowing what the things mean that he says, entirely; John is hot and cold, his right arm in the water like the whole of him watching Sherlock has remembered for a half an instant to watch something else, and then Sherlock is shuffling to the side and so John is shuffling with him: a half turn, as Sherlock shifts the last half of himself out of the water so that it comes down in a blood-hot rush all over John's back, as before him Sherlock squares his shoulders: "Yes," he says, straightening his spine.
John doesn't push it. He drinks his tea. Even halfway across the room he can tell that Sherlock is mostly just fiddling with his. When John goes into the kitchen to wash out his cup, and Sherlock goes right back to the violin.
"Er." John, awkwardly, laughs. Had he known? Had he wanted her to ask? Doesn't know, can't say; could lie, but doesn't: "Sherlock, actually," he says, instead; takes a brief hot pleasure in the flicker of disappointment that crosses her face, then immediately feels terrible about it.
John bends to kiss his shoulder, huffing half a laugh. "Well, it's not how I would put it, anyway," he says, and then lifts his face for Sherlock to kiss him: twice; three times; sweet.
"Not Snap," John agrees. A kiss: rubbing Sherlock's wiry calves with the sides of his stockinged feet.
from him, because Sherlock can't talk about any of that, either. John feels like now for the first time in all the years he has known him, the only place they can touch is their skin; and that shrinking by the hour: he's let Sherlock blow him—tongue him—fuck him, several times—press sucking kiss after sucking kiss to his wrists and his thighs and his armpits while John pulled against the belt 'round his wrists and moaned until he felt like his whole body wanted to cry; but every time they're within fifteen feet of each other it seems to bring a new part of Sherlock that is off-limits to John: his mouth, first kissing then touching it entirely; then his hands; then his neck; until by the end of it last night Sherlock had flinched from him when John—still panting, squeezing at his own rubbed-red wrists, weak and blurry from orgasm—had bumped his forehead against Sherlock's fully-clothed shoulder. It hadn't even been a caress. In a lot of ways they'd touched more, John is thinking, through the ache in his legs and his burning working lungs, in twenty fucking ten. Meanwhile Sherlock is clearly not sleeping; hasn't shaved in days; has eaten, as far as John can tell, a half a slice of overdone toast, two-thirds of a cold cup of milky sweet chamomile tea, a half an egg, and two bites of muffin, spread out over the entirety of the past three days; and has not showered at all and therefore smells increasingly like sex, stale sweat, old saliva, and dirty hair. John is, therefore, in the increasingly unenviable position of wondering if he's going to have to call Mycroft again just to get him to drag Sherlock home for a wash and a snack like a misbehaving child, for which John knows perfectly well Sherlock would never forgive him. If Sherlock turns up tonight angling for another frantic, joyless shag, should John
"You're getting better," Sherlock tells him, as a cab appears out of nowhere and slides to a stop, "at least this time you knew that Sewell was a false lead"; and then he holds the cab door open for John.
—Sherlock touches his shoulder, his biceps, tucks his long fingers under John's arms; and John lets his hands fall.
," and Sherlock gives him two hard, jostling slaps, then grabs him 'round the middle when his knees buckle.
"I know what you meant," John snaps, and then stops. Inhaling. Sherlock's sharp winter-sky eyes: "Sorry." John inhales, inhales. "Christ. Sorry." He rubs his palm across his eyes, his forehead: overtired.
"So," he says, "no great change there, then"; and Sherlock shifts, rolling up onto his side, looking down at John's hot, battered-open bared face.
"The first was Big Ben," Greg answers; Sherlock snorts; "and then it was Covent Garden Market, before Tower Bridge—
John closes his eyes, very briefly, and then takes a breath. "I'm fine," he says; and Sherlock watching his face doesn't look much like he believes him, but he nods.
Kitchen. Cup, plate, spoon. John fills the kettle and starts it, then gets out the bread and puts it in to toast. Out of the corner of his eye he can see Sherlock shuffling about the living room: hovering by his music stand, between their chairs; John carefully doesn't look over. Instead he hesitates for a long not-watching moment beside the toaster and then goes to the fridge to get out an egg. Another. Scramble them and he might not notice that there're two; John sets a bowl, so they won't touch the toast, on top of the plate together on the back of the stove to warm up while he cooks the eggs, so that Sherlock'll have a bit of time to come around to them, before they get cold. Soft eggs. Overdone toast: John pushes the button down again and turns off the hob while he puts milk in Sherlock's tea. He won't drink chamomile, if it's sweet.
"Kissing?" John asks, and kisses him: Sherlock opening his burning-hot mouth on his mouth. His body all over still— "Or," John asks, "And—"; and Sherlock blurts out, "Keep talking": and then shudders to stillness allover as he moans.
"But either way," John says, a little too fast, "I think to him it looked like his—his California hipster wet dream turned up in the flesh and started listening to him and encouraging him to be chatty and forthcoming and to—to
Last night. After. Sherlock's hot face had been against his belly, heaving; the two of them sticking together in John's too-small bed upstairs too out of breath to speak, for a long while. Sherlock's hair had been soft and thick. It'd slipped, silky, against the sides of John's fingers, the ends curling up around them; it'd caught, here and there. In the places where it'd tangled it felt rougher: John had tugged his fingers through it, gentle, and where he'd touched them the strands had slipped apart. Sherlock's solid hot body had been heavy against him, slick with sweat: he'd come partway up to lie awkwardly on top of him and put his leg to sleep and breathe, hot and ragged, into his navel, skin sticking to John's skin. It'd been dreadfully uncomfortable. Somewhere in the middle, John's fingers slipping through Sherlock's hair had twitched to cup his skull; and John'd thought, from nowhere:
. Deep. His hands are steady. He resets the stopwatch, starts it running again. Relaxes into his chair and thinks about nothing: just his own hand on his belly. On his flies. He rubs, a little. Not hard. Sherlock doesn't think it counts, but Christ: John's diaphragm already feels high up, wobbling a little, just from rubbing himself through his jeans. Maybe Sherlock doesn't do that. He treats all those expensive trousers like a uniform: maybe he thinks it'd ruin the lines. Or maybe he doesn't want to have to explain anything to the dry cleaners; not anything at all. It'd been hard to tell, really. How wet he'd got. John'd not got Sherlock's pants off, and his cock was nudging out but there was so much
"So then tell me—you've already seen me," John says, rough and low, "on my knees, going out of my mind, so—"
"Never mind." Sherlock waves it off, just as the waitress finally notices him—shocking! a diner, in her restaurant!—and starts weaving her way over. "It was a very silly idea, really, when you get right down to—"
John's mouth. Feels—as John wriggles his chopstick out, jabs it forward, and it catches the white front of Sherlock's third favorite shirt, purely by accident; a long brown line. Sherlock's shoulders straighten, pull back.
John would never've—but now. But now. Even if Sherlock is panting hard-hot-hard writhing above-against him and whispering, "Now, do it—now, do it hard," even while John is nodding helpless knowing—
"You were all right?" Sherlock asks, and John lifts his chin. His chest feels strange and knotted up. "Not—we don't have to do this right now," Sherlock says hastily, "if you don't want to, but—but I need to know, I."
, where he had flung his arms out between John and the doorway, as though he'd been trying to shield it from view.
"'—and she spent the first part of the eighties in America, investigating midlife lesbianism and revolutionizing TCP/IP—"
'd been what Sherlock'd thrown back. A fantasy, John might've thought; something John might've on some other day even enjoyed, perhaps: but last night John'd sent Sherlock satin ribbons and soft goldening light; and somehow Sherlock'd seen him dirty, drenched with humiliation, displayed for the delectation and dissection of half a dozen conjured monsters, wearing unknown human skins.
"Not awake," Sherlock mumbles. Wrapped tight around him, pressed against his arse with his chest on John's back tacky with sweat, and John rubs at Sherlock's forearm and nods. Eyes closed.
"Can you," Sherlock says, thick; then sighing head falling back hands on John's thighs pulling him up. The head of his cock still thick just-inside John's electric-shock body: John shivers. Is still. "I do," Sherlock admits, unsteady, "I really do, I really want to—to fuck you, just a little, can I—" and that punching-squeezed tremor wraps tight down allover John's body; then is gone.
Does the trick: Sherlock, snorting, laughs. It makes his whole face curve up in places John still doesn't entirely know how to recognize or expect: this other Sherlock, who clings in his sleep and dithers when John asks him what he wants and makes awkward donkey sounds when John's not really all that funny at all; or who slides his hands up under John's towel when John bends to kiss him, eager, a little clumsy, like they could both be other people: untouched by other lovers; spotty and/or particularly hostile; boys at school. Sherlock's mouth tastes bad. John pulls back from it with regret; and Sherlock's breath catches high in his throat. "Just—." John twists for Sherlock's toothbrush, wets it, then squeezes a fat line of toothpaste over the bristles and then realizes what he's doing, and—only for an instant—he stops.
Beneath him in the curve of their arms Sherlock's golden half-shadowed face. His eyes are closed, his hands loose and moving: slow, slow, slow where above his turned head they stroke the tumblers of John's unlocked hands. Sherlock's breath is evening out, warm and steady, John's heart slowing against the backs of Sherlock's ribs.
"Do you have a—a t-shirt, or." He sighs. "A jumper, anything," and up-down up-down Sherlock swallows, and then pulls away and pads back into his bedroom, comes back with his dressing gown wrapped twice as tightly around himself, holding a grey t-shirt that still smells faintly like his body and fits strangely across John's arms and chest.
"If you want to stop," John says, "I need to be able to trust that you'll tell me": and Sherlock's breath catches in his throat. "On any scale," John says, rough. "Stop as in,
Sherlock hums, shifting around, half crushing John, almost; his bare legs rubbing John's pajama bottoms up John's calves.
, he realizes; then feels guilty; then immediately feels absurd. John draws his feet up the back of Sherlock's legs: bare, not bare; and Sherlock. Slackening. Breathes.
It takes a minute, but at last John says, "Hasn't ever been mine, properly," in his forgotten rough in-between-years old-man's voice. He clears his throat. "We probably," he adds, "ought to've fixed up the paperwork ages ago."
"Yeah," he says, finally, "a switch could work"; and Sherlock squeezes his arm tighter around John's middle, and tucks his face down against John's throat.
"All right?" Sherlock's lips. John's jaw. Prickling up all over and inside him: the precise scratching-soft brush of Sherlock's just-stubbling hot mouth.
"Idiotic of me, isn't it," Sherlock says, suddenly harsh. "To—to spend so long—I told Mycroft once that you were my
while shaking all over John drags himself—up held still arms hard and—hollow and so he—could be is grinding—
Easy, now; easier, John breathes. "You could help me pick them out, if you wanted," he suggests; and Sherlock swallows, noisily, twice. Drops his hand. "Make sure I get just—." John breathes. "Just the shade you like"; and Sherlock pushes his chin up to meet him: kissing him, arm 'round his back, open-mouthed. Their breath tangling up like their legs in their stockings, kissing, hungry and deep.
Looking down at him red-faced Sherlock's expression is shifting, softening. He bends, and John closes his eyes. Sherlock's mouth doesn't taste like anything. It tastes like a mouth. His lips are mobile and very soft, like his hair.
Salt. Skin. Strange, this feeling: the better part of a decade since John got on his knees for a comrade in arms, but John can think of no feeling closer to this, wanting to—to suck certain and fierce and heartfelt, to—to
"I'd like it if you could tell me," Sherlock murmurs. Bends down. Kisses his spine—John gasps, burning face, shoving
to enjoy it," Sherlock says, very low. He turns his face. Meeting. Forehead to forehead. His voice is unsteady, clogged. "Is that enough?"
. Sherlock had said a lot of things. Hands flat John pushes himself to his feet; in his top drawer his mobile buzzes and he drops back down to fumble it out: just Harry, fuck. He puts on Do Not Disturb, then he drops it drawer and closes it, turns the key. Then he goes out for his patient and his tea.
Sherlock hadn't gone to Oxford. Raised nearby, but he'd gone to Cambridge, John knows; he doesn't think it a coincidence. "University boy?" John asks.
"Messed about with it a bit," he says finally, "on Thursday": and Sherlock's startled eyes fly up to his face.
"—by your balls—what sort of equilibrium's that, then?" John asks. "The sort of permanent teetering clenched-arse grip on the last shreds of your sanity, or..."
"So I expect." Mycroft sighs. "But do let me know if we're wrong. I'll ring Lucy—send me the photo and I'll get you your aliases. You'll owe me—I'll have to tell her he's left her door unlocked, anyway"; and John winces.
"You feel so good," Sherlock says. Hushed. Rubbing at the corner of John's stretched mouth: John moans. "You like it?" Sherlock asks, turning his hand; pushing his fingers apart, prying John's jaw wider and wider until it aches: pinned as he is John tries to nod. Heart pounding in his throat and his ears: Sherlock asks, "Want me to do that to you?" and John whines 'round his fingertips.
Blanketed by Sherlock's warm weight with their palms over his hollow belly, John swallows. "I'm actually. Uh,
"You're naked," John reminds him. Not quite unnecessary: "Jeans. It'll chafe." Sherlock just raises an eyebrow at him, reaching for his flies; and John takes a moment to briefly consider their wide-open windows, the late summer's day light; before he remembers he doesn't give a toss about the neighbors, he's just been sucking Sherlock off, and also that anyone still idiot enough to look in at 221B after five years of intermittently staged murders, gallons of pigs' blood, an assortment of human body parts, more than one explosion, and John stripping Sherlock to his shorts in the kitchen after dark with the lights on deserves whatever they get. John has to stand to get his jeans off, but when Sherlock pulls him back onto the sofa he goes. Back prickling, but. Close. Skin everywhere, warm.
John nods. He turns back to the sink. He rinses the last streak of soap off Sherlock's plate. Enough, he thinks. If he were just beginning to see what is—
"I am," John says, "after I—" and then holds up Sherlock's other stocking, which makes the tips of Sherlock's ears go a very sweet sort of a pink. "All right?" he asks, and Sherlock goes pinker, but he nods, flattening himself out on his back. John gathers the stocking up, sitting, and then eases it down over Sherlock's toes, up his ankle, over his calf and his knee and his thigh; then kisses Sherlock quickly, tugging the band of the other up for good measure, too, since they do tend to slip. His arms braced beside Sherlock: Sherlock shifts, breathing in.
, maybe, not—not even usually, perhaps; but he's so often in a hurry, trying to do it quick and quiet in his morning shower or after another abbreviated date or before Sherlock realizes that John is lying awake but not getting up and bounds up the stairs to barge in and sit on his bed and stare at him until John figures out how to ease his hand out of his pants in a way that looks casual and joins in with whatever it is that Sherlock's on about on that particular day. But when there's a reason to hold off, John's perfectly capable of making it last, far longer than
John considers. "No," he says. "Help me—" and so Sherlock helps, pushing with his long foot between John's feet, awkward and clumsy, as they scoot the chair in. John keeps his arm around Sherlock's middle and cuts his French toast with the side of his fork right-handed as Sherlock'd done, only more awkwardly, Sherlock perched without relaxing with his long clever hands hands folded slack and uncertain in his lap. John eats. Eats. Finishes eating. Hands Sherlock the last of his tea. They drink in silence, off-handed, and then Sherlock takes John's cup and his cup and sets them both on the table, but doesn't, John notes, get up.
." John's pulse throbs, thick in his throat, and Sherlock meets his eyes and says, very quietly, "I don't know why you stick around."
him, didn't I, I can tell myself all day I didn't but that's what I did, really, because I wanted—I wanted him to—to just—just be half as—as desperate about what we do as I am, to want—to want me half as much as I want him, and I—I could've—I can lie and lie and lie and lie to myself about wanting—wanting nice things for him but that's it, isn't it? I just want to—to nail him to me, because I—because I'm every kind of disaster in the world over him, I thought I was already but I wasn't, I wasn't this, not this, not this one last—and since then he's just been pulling further and further and further away but he still wants to fuck me, doesn't he, he just doesn't want me to—or, or to touch him and I—I can't—I can't live with that, how am I supposed to
"A paddle," Sherlock says, instantly, "or a crop, maybe"; and against him John shifts. "Or." Sherlock is looking straight at him, unblinking, but with his eyes hooded, half-shut. Sherlock says, "Or a switch, perhaps, I'd thought."
Sherlock laughs, low and warm against John's ribs; and then shifts, pulling back, just. Propping himself up on an elbow to look down at him, face soft. "You should go down just like this," he says, plucking at one of the suspenders: a bright sharp snap against John's thigh.
Beneath him Sherlock's ribs are expanding. John is starting to shake. Sherlock's fingers slip out of him and he pulls John down, sticky-handed, until John is settled down close against him raw all over with Sherlock's arms wrapped around him, Sherlock tucking John's head close under his chin. Absurd, John is thinking in whispers, absurd, to be touched like this to lie like this to want—; but it hasn't, he is finding, much of any force. So he slides his arm around Sherlock's waist. Holds tight.
"Eight?" he hazards; and Sherlock rubs his nose against John's sternum, clavicle: burrowing close as he nods. "Eight," John says, more certain; and Sherlock breathes out. Nuzzling, he nods.
with the police still one street over—blue through amber, amber and blue—cuffing and searching a half-dozen ostensible sixth-form schoolboys in well-tailored uniforms with too-big duffle bags and too much scruff while just 'round the corner John pulls Sherlock's shirt open and shoves his hand down his pants. Sherlock whines: John swallows it, wanting—wanting—
"So you want to look after him," George says. John nods. "And he has information that would help you do that, that he doesn't disclose to you?"
Sherlock eats his portion in silence. Finishes it, too. John sits with him at the table in silence and tries not to watch him; and then, in silence, they do the washing up.
He shuffles up onto his knees to lean over the edge of the bath, fumbling. When he shifts his weight back across Sherlock's thigh in the bath Sherlock closes his eyes, hand on John's side: steady, anchoring. John tilts Sherlock's chin up with two fingers, and Sherlock lets him. Holds still, resting underneath him, while the tap drips behind John's bent back. John sketches bright-purple smudged arcs over Sherlock's fair eyelids, the porcelain hard, his knees aching. He doesn't care, mostly. On the bone of John's hip Sherlock's thumb is moving syncopated with the dripping: plink-brush-plink-plink-brush-plink-brush-plink; and John swipes smooth just past the outside corner of Sherlock's closed right eye and then pulls back to check: surprisingly, mostly even; and so John brushes his thumbs across them in little light pets, smudging.
Sherlock grins. Bends down to lick over him, quick: John inhales. "As it so happens," Sherlock is saying, "my parents were married before even
Sherlock's head turns under his hand, side to side, cheek rough on John's hip. "But," he echoes, and bows his chin down towards his chest, so that John's fingers slip over the back of his neck.
"You missed Nina again at the weekend," Rhoda says, and waggles her eyebrows. "She asked after you."
He drops his mobile, shoves open his jeans. Gets his hand down them, fast, gets himself out and thumbs out,
"Do you want—" He stops. Swallows. Forces every huddled flinching part of him into formation long enough to look Sherlock in the eye and ask, "Should we sleep upstairs?" and Sherlock's face slackens, suddenly: a loose, empty expression that John suspects most people don't know to recognize as relief. All right. All right. John touches his side, just below his ribs, hand uncertain, unsteady; Sherlock, warm and breathing, doesn't pull away.
—against Sherlock's cheek, and Sherlock's eyes slip shut, exhaling. "Thank you," he says, very quietly; and John laughs.
"—and by suspect I mean a boy that Marianne'd thought was coming 'round and tagging the back wall," Sherlock admits, "it
John leans back against the edge of the work surface. "So you're... not breaking up with me." His chest, achy: he wants to fold his arms over it. Press it. in.
"Christ, you could." John rubs at his own face, heart pounding; then reaches up. Tipping Sherlock's lovely face up with Sherlock's fingers curling up inside him: that sizzle of want, skittering out through every last one of his nerves. Sherlock's banked-fire green eyes. John says unsteady, "I think you could make me, again. I don't think I could stop you even if I wanted to." Then—helpless—moans: spine arching as Sherlock—Christ,
Up-down, up-down; John slides his hands along Sherlock's clavicles beneath his shirt to his shoulders, up back onto the bare skin of the back of his neck; and Sherlock says, "Yes."
"So we'll have breakfast," John says, very quietly. "I'll get rid of Mycroft, you start the pancakes. And tea, we need tea."
like triggering an avalanche; kneeling up thighs spread open-mouthed curling his toes on white cotton sweating tangled up in blue silk; and then gets to work eight minutes late with his hair still damp and feeling paranoid—prickly—jumpy, his skin all over under his clothes too-hot too-bare too-raw. All day at the surgery he keeps catching himself looking over his shoulder, inexplicably, for Sherlock; and then realizing it's just that faint lingering sweet-warm smell of £52 fake coconut, still lingering on his own long-dry too-short hair. He can't focus. He can barely do his job. Whenever he sits down to chart he keeps thinking about Sherlock's voice:
Sherlock lifts his head, blinking up at him, and John touches his pink mouth. Shakes his head. Sherlock sighs, then drops back down to rest his cheek against John's belly. Warm and expanding John rubs at the back of Sherlock's neck.
"I want," Sherlock says, "you to take me," quiet, "right up to the edge"; and locking-settling all the parts of him unlocking, John lets out a long, slow breath:
"Six?" John guesses, and after a moment, Sherlock nods. John pets down over the ball, pets the backs of his toes.
—and he stops, heart hammering, halfway to hyperventilating, at the softest suddenest swiftest brush of Sherlock's mouth on his mouth.
John sits back on the sofa. Rests his hand around his tea. The seam of the cup is rough under his thumb. Stroking up. Stroking down. The backs of his shoulders feel crinkly, singed; but it's not like he didn't see it coming. There's a dark stain seeping down from the rim of the cup, where it had spilled a bit, when he'd put on the lid.
. Inhaling as "Sorry," Sherlock is gasping, winding his hand 'round a suspender and gasping, "sorry, sorry oh God
was Harry. She hadn't ever got in trouble—she hadn't ever got caught—but John'd been kept after, a few times; got a stern talking-to or two; had been made to write lines, that sort of thing; and there was always a sick, hot-flushed feeling that went with it, a kind of bizarre amalgamation of terror and adrenaline-anticipation that John genuinely can't remember ever feeling anywhere else, not even in the army, not even under fire. At fifteen the worst thing that can happen to a boy is humiliation, and a lopsided echo of it is coming back to him now: a tense, expectant weight that lurks under his breastbone. He thinks:
"Well." Sherlock inhales, long and loud. "You did get shot in the shoulder, after all," he says, "so I suppose I can't much throw stones—"
John touches his nape. The long groove of his spine. Quiet, John admits, "My hands are getting awfully tired." Rubbing his palms at the surface of the water, up and down Sherlock's pale wet sides.
, John mouths, and she quirks a sliver of a smile at him, then immediately goes back to ignoring them both.
"John," he says, muffled. Pressed into John's skin as he presses in between John's skin; and John gasps, "Yeah."
"I can't get past that, love," John says, quiet. "I'd rather—go back to. To how it was when we—." He shakes his head. "When I slept around self-destructively and you ruined all my actual dates and we fought about everything
The feeling is seeping up through John's body. He wants to open it around him. He wants him inside. He swallows, careful. Slow. It'd be one thing if he thought Sherlock'd spent the past two decades unfastening saucy young ladies from elaborate underthings; but he doesn't. Sherlock's fingers drift along the lacy top of the stocking, then back: hypnotizing. Hypnotized. Looking down at his red face red mouth trembling lashes, his lovely long hands, John suspects that Sherlock has never touched a suspender belt before in his life.
Instant. Drowning: black-heavy surge surf-crashing dragging-down as, confessed, John thick-slick swallows stabbed doesn't gasp—his face malformed battered-pulpy soft thick mass of his nose and his mouth opening for air while his badly-dammed flood of anxiety roils over him head to toe, leaving him panicky and shivering, clutching Sherlock to his chest.
"I'll do anything you ask me to," John says, quietly. "But—but I can't stand it if—I don't want to do it if. If it makes you unhappy."
Sherlock stops. Hesitates, and John finds that his heart is suddenly heavy in his chest, loud in his ears. He wants Sherlock to finish that sentence, for some reason; he wants to
The violin slides down, singing. A sequence of little pirouettes, on the way back up. Stops. Does it all over again, more quickly.
"All right," John pulls back. "All right, that's it, I'm dying of thirst, I'm getting up"; rolling onto his side and then up. Sherlock's fingers trail down his back: shivery. Hot. John stands, Sherlock's body behind him like a magnet. A planet, with its own irresistible gravity: John has to force his shoulders to flatten as he pushes up to his feet. "What
let me touch you"; and John didn't think anything'd show on his face, but evidently he was wrong. Sherlock hesitates, watching him. Stilled.
"Yeah," John whispers, brushing fingers-palm down fair hair leading down Sherlock's belly scraping the inside of his wrist, "yeah, I—" and then rubs, breath-quivering soft, at the little furred hollow dip of his navel.
"I would, though," John says, curling his fingers across Sherlock's hand, but Sherlock is already pulling it back to push at the table, twisting, trying to catch the waitress's eye. "Wait," John says. "Sherlock."
of puppies falling asleep on the stairs," as though he doesn't know that because he's watched the lot; so John just says, "All right, how about from now on
Hardly original, really, but Sherlock snorts. Pushes his plate away, fork clattering; he's smiling, isn't he. Face turned half away. He hasn't taken back his hand. John rubs his thumb across the side of Sherlock's upturned index finger: sensitive, John knows, all over. He could do it again, John thinks. He could pull it towards him. Draw it across his tongue.
," and Sherlock slaps him, hard. John's face falls forward, Sherlock's arm, electric green sparks. Sherlock grabs him by his hair and yanks him back up. John whines. "You remember what to say when you don't?" Sherlock asks, and John swallows—Sherlock's arm loosens— "Yes," John gasps, "yes—my face, please—" and Sherlock presses his arm up again, tight. Thigh tight to John's prick, leaking all over his trousers, his breath coming in hot wet bursts on John's burning face.
Another person, he thinks, would probably—doubt, at least for a moment; John doesn't. He slides his gun into his holster and pulls down his jumper and trots down to the first-floor landing and sticks his head into the living room to ask, "Sherlock?" even though he isn't expecting an answer. He doesn't get one. He shuts his teeth again and marches down to the street which is empty with his mobile already tucked up to his ear ringing, ringing, ringing; but Sherlock is gone, doesn't answer; and John is finding that precisely no part of him is surprised.
John is quiet for a minute. Thinking—moving ungraspable moth-thoughts. He is thinking about Sherlock's looming body, soft eyes, fluttering-indecisive long hands; in 2011, John is thinking, he'd texted Sherlock "SOS" from under the table so Sherlock'd popped up three and a half minutes later reeking of gunpowder and spilled three-quarters of a bottle of wine on John's date. He is thinking about Sherlock's face, warm against his throat.
John brushes his knuckles over Sherlock's knee. Scoots his chair closer. "I liked them," he admits, quiet. "So it took me a bit." Rests his hand, soft, low down on Sherlock's disheveled shirt, just above where earlier he'd pulled it untucked at the back.
the monster, it's ten times worse. If thinking about the prospect didn't make him incoherent with rage, John'd reckon that whoever'd dragged Sherlock around by that lead ring was of much the same stripe. Bonuses and babysitters and tidy boxes and rings: Brian'd probably taken to the streets in 1988, and reckoned everything sorted in 2014. John isn't that person. He won't ever be that person, wouldn't
"I'd—it'd be entirely different if it'd been—another boy," John says, and then swallows. "Another—Christ."
"But it got you out of the house," John agrees, and puts the stockpot upside down on the draining board, and turns off the taps.
John swallows. Petting: the creamy-soft crest of Sherlock's ribs: his thumb. Sherlock exhales, sinking. His lovely green-bright-brilliant eyes, sinking shut.
: soft brushing back together: and then rest. Still. Be still. Still. "Ten," John whispers. Thumb. Knuckles brushing over Sherlock's belly: John can't yield; not on this. Sherlock's shoulders scrunching up.
. John is shaking, pulse pounding all over as he gets up onto his knees: Sherlock's dripping wet, red-flushed and half-hidden, without John's hands to hold him apart. "This is a fucking terrible idea," John says, unsteady, but he's already spitting into his palm, isn't he, draping himself across Sherlock's back. "You know that, don't you?"
. John's never thought about Mycroft's hair being anything but black, but now—he's never looked at Mycroft the way he looks at Sherlock, has he. It seems obvious, in retrospect. Isobel Holmes, John knows, has hair of a deep, shocking bloodish red: natural, not dyed, John had been knowing helplessly, because it was liberally streaked with grey, gone all the way white at the temples, offsetting her disquieting eyes. John's thumb catches on a curl: "I know," he says. No—not Holmes, Isobel Townshend. She'd corrected him:
: the tops of his thighs slick with—with what Sherlock does to him and thick John asks, "Can I—can I kiss you, Sherlock, I want to—" dizzily petting fingers trapped between scratchy lace and hot skin while Sherlock's wet fingers slip into the wet hot wanting space inside him and then
John swallows. Breathes. Swallows: then says, too fast and clumsy, "What—what can I do, I don't—"; and Sherlock interrupts, "I just—," and then stops.
"Christ," John gasps, blinking; and Sherlock makes a taut-quavering sound shivering in-under John's skin and then pulls him, wobbling, down. Stunned John presses his face to his throat.
. He rubs at his face, bends down; his mouth at the edge of calf and thigh: "Six," Sherlock whispers, as John kisses up, "six—six—
"Christ, that's a strange idea," he says, finally; and Sherlock crumples forward so sharply that—that it takes John a moment, really, to realize he's laughing.
"We're going to flood the bathroom," John says, squirming. Sherlock squeezes his arse: John can't stop laughing. "We're going to—"
Sherlock is standing at the hob, frowning at the pan at the front and poking it with his favorite wooden spoon. Everything smells, profoundly, of the brown-sharp-sweet smells of him cooking; he's taken his shoes off, but not his socks. It makes John's throat clench. His own bare toes curl bare on the lino. Outside the rain batters dully at the windows. John watches Sherlock prod at the onions. He doesn't look up until John clears his throat.
John's back is prickling, slightly. Sweaty. It's a warm day. Sherlock a furnace underneath him. John pets at his side, at his thigh slung up around him. Rests his open hand at the seam between his skin and his stocking. John thinks he could rest like this for a long, long time.
—Christ. Hot and impatient, doesn't want his fingers, does he. Grabs his dildo and slicks it up, hands trembling, and nudges it against himself. Breathes deep. Relax, John, just relax—but he can't.
"Convenient," John tells him; and Sherlock laughs. John rubs their noses together, dizzy. Skin all over champagne bubbles as they pop. "I like it when you laugh," John murmurs. Smiling. His body open-unfurling in Sherlock's hands.
"Well, my apologies," Sherlock says, shoulders scrunching together, and John repents immediately, reaching for Sherlock as Sherlock is saying, "for considering your perhaps delicate feelings," as John kneels up, shakes his head, "about some of the admittedly more intimidating—" and puts his hands on Sherlock's face and kisses him—quickly, in deference to verisimilitude; and then again, slowly, when Sherlock puts his hands up to squeeze at John's wrists.
It occurs to John, as he looks up at Sherlock's albatross hovering, that Sherlock is nervous. Sherlock tugs at his hair—which is still a bit wet, John is noticing, with a sudden, electric sensation in his fingertips—and then nudges the ottoman, from which the charred mannequin has been sent packing, over to rest at John's feet. He's tidied up, John realizes, with a strange, fond sort of an ache. He's tidied up, and had a shower, and washed his hair, and has been fidgeting about the flat in his pajamas—for how long? John wonders, as Sherlock sits down at the edge of the ottoman and puts his hands on John's knees, rubbing his long thumbs against John's trouser seams.
When he gets back into the flat Sherlock is waiting for him at the table. Fully dressed. Sitting upright in a chair with his shoes on, even, next to a bottle of lube and two of his bizarre modern-art sex toys, his mouth smooth and unreadable and pale. John considers, briefly, whether or not to smile.
After a moment, Sherlock's gaze drops. Lands somewhere around John's left nipple, John thinks; and sighs. "I am, sometimes," John admits. Rubbing his thumb over Sherlock's cheek. "It's not like I sat up nights thinking about how badly I wanted you to—to cane me, or." He touches Sherlock's mouth. "Or make love to me, even," John says, very quietly, "in my bed."
"Why do you think there are times you should say no?" George asks; and John swallows again, and again, and then takes a breath.
"It's just," John says. "Half my patients, about all I can do is prescribe them something about as handy as a bucket in a hurricane and then—refer them on. At least when I was—"
His mattress is bare, still. He finds himself come to rest in the doorway anyway, for some reason. His body, without asking, leaning into its right side. The mattress is bare, still, of course; his duvet won't be dry for ages. And isn't as though he expected—
After a moment. John closes the photo. He ejects the drive. He unplugs it, then plugs it back in: but Sherlock was careful enough, then, for that: his password remains unsaved. But he would be that careful, with John, wouldn't he.
Lying like that. Cuddled up. John kisses Sherlock's cheek and pets the small of Sherlock's back and feels—he doesn't know. He doesn't know what he feels. Sherlock's pulse is still racing. His body half on top of John's body, tense and unhappy and hot.
"Mm, I want—" Sherlock lifts up, pushes the duvet back: a flood of cold air that makes John suck down air and stretch, his leg falling open even before he registers Sherlock's hand, slow and coaxing up his hip before Sherlock pets over the base of John's belly, just before he slides down.
John laughs, kicks his trousers off. "I'd find all that scorn more convincing if you hadn't sounded like you'd spent the last half hour with it shoved down your throat, you know." He's half-hard already, gives himself a tug or two, just showing off. Sherlock is staring at him, hands stilled; the weight of his open trousers tugging his little black pants down his bony hips, his erection obvious at the "V" of the zip. A bright-mottled flush creeping up to his cheeks. John grabs himself at the base, angles his cock out. "You want
"I've not put much thought into it," Sherlock says, easily parrying John's jab for his elbow. "Hardly traditional foil. Do I score a touch for that?"
"I think," Sherlock murmurs, "you ought to tell me." John shudders, pressing back. "All these things," tongue thickwetwarm-cool, goosebumping up, "that you shouldn't think."
Arms folded tight over his belly. Reflexive. Defensive. John does know, he can't stop it: but he nods.
Sherlock curls his fingers in towards his palms; then inhales, and stretches to decisively type in the URL. John watches him click through the security page—
. Bone deep. A wanting woven up with every molecule of him. John'd promised Sherlock he'd forget it, told him he was lovely, cleared his message history, kept his silent mobile next to him until he'd fallen asleep; he'd meant it. Every word. Jumbled up inside him lost forever
"I should drown you," John tells him, watching Sherlock's face wrinkle up into his awkward half-inverted smile, not quite looking at him. The water is high enough in the bath that as John climbs over the edge and in he wonders if they'll make it overflow. Sherlock doesn't follow. John sits in the water alone watching him stand just outside by the taps and the shoved-back curtain and then—considering, John slides all the way to the back.
"You don't have a second set of sheets," Sherlock explains; and John looks at the bare mattress, then licks his bottom lip, and closes his bedroom door.
John kisses the side of his neck again, and then eases himself back. He already feels—clumsy, getting up to his feet; as though the bed dips and rolls like the sea.
"Given the amount of work he's done for me in the past three years, the two are functionally inextricable," says Mycroft; then adds, "I won't bother to rehash our conversation at the time," which is patently false, since he immediately continues, "but when you moved back to Baker Street I did tell you you'd be foolish to expect anything different from him, and—"
The good (?) news is is that this chapter is super super long, which is part of why it took me forever, but after this we should be returning to more normal chapter lengths and the previous, if only briefly instituted, biweekly Sunday posting schedule. In that vein,
"Yeah," John says, and reaches up to touch his knee, stroke up the outside of his long right thigh. Sherlock nods and stands up, holds out a hand to pull John up. Then Sherlock drops John's hand and rubs his fingertips over his mouth and doesn't look at him, so John tugs his shirt straight and heads towards the stairs. Sherlock follows, a beat behind.
(which John had added one evening on the strength of the physical evidence and which Sherlock had, furious, waited until John was in the shower to scratch out),
"I, God." John laughs, ragged. Sherlock slides closer, kisses under his ear. "I don't know, I don't," John pants, pushing back. "It feels.
Sherlock's still flapping his arms about, like some sort of great underfed stork, incongruously arrayed in bespoke suit trousers and hand-knitted green wool. John never wears his own jumper, but Harry'd improved quite a bit, by the time she was reduced to knitting for Sherlock.
John shuts his mobile up in the top drawer of his desk. Burnt into him, he doesn't need to reread it. Couldn't even if he wanted to; a quarter to midnight last night:
," Sherlock's fair-round bare shoulder, "too." Sherlock shivers under his fingers. "Good?" John asks. "Or."
, he feels—. Locked. Locked up. An arms-length away Sherlock straightens, rubbing both hands over his face; and John reaches out to touch, clumsily, his bare hip.
Tastes. His salt and musky skin: John closes his eyes. Sherlock's cock thick and tender on John's wet tongue as he suckles, light. Squeezes at Sherlock's knees and above him, Sherlock sighs, "Wanted you to, on Tuesday." John squeezes again, drags his mouth up him, blinking, and Sherlock inhales. Cock thick between John's lips. Sherlock murmurs, "That's. Good."; and John loosens and licks out. Sherlock shivers, bending above him. Cups John's face as his hips roll. John opens, lets him slide: and Sherlock breathes, "John." His eyes slipping half shut, red round blotches on his cheeks. John's chest feels tight. He gets his hand around the root of Sherlock's cock with his pulse pounding in his palm and works him wet and loose, keeping him just in his mouth so his face can stay—stay turned up, stay—his hollow throat, as Sherlock swallows updown updown and breathes harder, harder and brushes his thumb against the tip of his cock through John's cheek and makes a little soft noise, a close-together between-them noise, with his hands on John's face and his back bent away from the cushions. John rubs at the inside of his thigh and holds him fast and sucks at the head of him and Sherlock gasps, "Wait, wait—" and John pulls off.
"I knew what you meant." Sherlock pulls out another little piece of black leather, this one apparently more to his satisfaction. He drops it on the mattress next to the box. "But no, it's not new. I used to keep it under my bed."
John rolls back up onto his side. He has to dig around a bit, because he's always kept his dildo near the back of the drawer because apparently at one point he'd deluded himself into thinking that that'd somehow discourage Sherlock from finding it, or something—well, enough of that. He ought to just start keeping it out on the bedside table, quick to hand. For now he drops it on the duvet by his hip, knee up; tucks his hand under. Closes his eyes. Two fingers up to the second knuckle, easy: it makes the hot, coiled-up feeling in his groin open and spread. Weirdly aware of his own huffing breath, John pulls at himself—
, we have to—I don't want it to be over, and I don't want it to be like this, and I don't want to force you, it'll—
Sherlock has left off his inventory of John's furnishings and is watching him with his eyebrows smushed together, pulled down at their middles into anxious, graceless angles. John touches his arm. Leans up—careful—slow—
person tea?" he asks. His hand has migrated to the base of Sherlock's back, slippery and wet. Eyes closed Sherlock wipes streaming water off his face, mouth uncertain; but John pets at his spine, wanting helplessly. It shows on his face, he knows: how couldn't it? and after a moment, Sherlock kisses him: on the nose, undignified; but then bends to go for the stopper. John lets him pull the curtain out of the bath and flip the diverter, then watches, a little mystified, as Sherlock climbs out of the rising water, and goes over to the basin to drip all over the floor, to—to brush his teeth.
"Why—he always thinks he can just do as he likes," Sherlock is saying, low and furious, "without any regard for—"
," Sally says. "The first one, from Big Ben, took us seven minutes to find and about half that for the bomb disposal unit to sort out that it didn't even have a detonator. The second, at Covent Garden, he'd stuck in a planter, but it wasn't waterproofed, so the electronics got frazzled before we even got there."
"Rhoda's got three kids," John says, after a minute. "You—you do know that, right? She has to take time off when they're ill or in the play or—and I've said, I
"We had a bit of a, um." He waves a hand. "Same old, same old. Him running off into—he is trying, you know."
down on his knees hard as a rock trying to see how much of Sherlock he can get into his mouth. Hands pinned by John's hands folded up fingers knotted against brick while Sherlock's hips jerk as he gasps, "John—
, so I can't do anything but connect the fucking dots." Unsteady. "And so there's—school, and—yes, your—Hélène, all right, but also the rest of your miserable sodding family, and—and then there's Jacob. And I know—I
Under the table, he touches Sherlock's thigh through his coat. His knobby knee. Then he turns his mouth close to Sherlock's ear and murmurs, "I'm glad you turned up."
," when John is two-thirds of the way up the back of his thigh. John's heart is beating, strong and loud. If John got Sherlock to open his legs around him that'd be just where he'd rest his thumbs so he does it now, digs them in. Sherlock groans, pressing his hips to the duvet.
— and then up and into his hair with a quick sticky brush of his damp lips, tantalizing; and then inhales against his ear.
"You fucking bastard," John gasps, with Sherlock taut-heavy bowed above him pulling his head back unmoving— "Fuck," John pants, "
"If anything it's more—distraction, I think." He takes a breath. "He's in his head so much—distraction, definitely," he says, "for him, anyway"; and rubs at his jaw.
The streetlights are amber, draining the color out of everything. Sherlock touches the edge of his hand to the edge of John's cheek. His palm, then; John inhales, and Sherlock bends down.
—" and John's skin shivers to life all over as he shoves them together shoulders to ankle, legs interleaved.
John can feel it, can't he. That unsure-rippling tension, running up through Sherlock's legs and his back to his shoulders, hunching up. Again, he thinks. Again. Sherlock's back is to him. The flushing fair nape of his neck. John swallows, hand splaying on Sherlock's belly, worn cotton; presses his face to the center of Sherlock's spine for an instant; and then—then he guesses. He guesses, doesn't he? Can't do anything but guess, pulling back, hand spread-holding looking up at the long line of Sherlock's tensed back and his red-dripping shoulders taut arms as John says, "Tell me what color your throat is," very gently, "and I'll let you up."
An invitation, nearly, that look. "We could always do something else," John suggests, petting down. "For a while."
Sherlock lets out a gust of breath. Shudders. Pulls John tighter against him, cock still nestled thickly into the crack of John's arse;
: as John drags on his jeans and his brown shirt over his prickling-waving skin with his mouth dry and his eyeballs hot and gritty; just sod the entire miserable bloody thing!
The thought comes out of nowhere, almost, a rush of rage and helplessness just behind. He can't wish it didn't: John isn't an idiot, truly; he knows why he finds Brian infuriating. He knows why he'd coaxed Cal into having it off with a boy half their age on the dance floor at Village and he knows why today he didn't walk out of the surgery tonight and just go straight home; he knows why he's wearing ladies' ill-fitting knickers instead of ordering something more intelligently tailored and why he's got Sherlock's unopened eyeliner tucked alongside the shaving cream resting at the back edge of his sink. John'd been tired of being treated like Sherlock's touchingly clueless closeted flatmate since well before they'd ever started shagging; coming from someone like fucking
Sherlock makes a ragged, incoherent noise instead of an answer, and John goes into the kitchen to put on the kettle.
—clicking as he straightens all the way up, "come on," transferring the bar of soap back to its ledge and his hand to Sherlock's back side pink hip and then shuffling them around together, a quarter turn, to put Sherlock's shoulders back under the water. John rubs his palms flat over Sherlock's spine and his flanks and the backs of his thighs, watching Sherlock holding himself rigid and silent as the soap washes off and his skin flushes rosy in the water. John pets his ribs where they connect to his spine, over the soft pink skin stretching down to the jutting ridge of his pelvis. Seven, John is thinking, forty minutes—and half of those at least gone now, surely. He guides the water in between Sherlock's buttocks, careful, rinsing. "Please," Sherlock whispers, and swallowing John slips his fingers down to follow, careful—gentle—
A strange sort of leading by example, John thinks: Sherlock is pressed against him still trembling and tensed and John kisses him, as slow as he can; Sherlock breathes: and so they kiss. John isn't—he hasn't got anything against rough sex: Rebecca was—well, Rebecca, and every now and again Janeka had liked it very hard: a little rougher, even, than John usually let himself get. He and Paul had once had a conversation about knifeplay and the two of them'd never even got their kit off. But Sherlock isn't like Rebecca or Janeka or—John suspects—much like Paul; he isn't even like
, but still just barging ahead based on." He swallows, thick. "Whatever. Wrongheaded or half-complete notion we've got into our heads." He stops. "No way to tell," he says, "whether or not we've—or
"Oh, please," John says, exasperated. "It isn't as though I won't get right back into bed with you later—come on, shower." He holds down a hand. "I'll scrub your back."
John wants—is wanting has wanted: licking along Sherlock's fair-coarse soft-dense hair and—and filling up, Sherlock's smell and his taste and his balls bumping into John's forehead while John is licking into him soft-soft-
and John grabs at the base of his cock, squeezing, blood nearly boiling over while he squeezes his eyes shut tight and pants, and pants, and pants.
Her eyes on his face are bright, worried. "Something's very wrong, isn't it," she says, voice low, even with both doors to the stairwell well shut; and John sighs.
"Yeah. I—of course." John licks at his bottom lip, dumb and stupid. He still feels half asleep. Tongue clumsy, he asks, "Er—by yourself?"
. He says, "I need a shower": watching, unsurprised, as Sherlock nods, his shoulders slackening with relief.
Sherlock chews. Shoulders flat, back straight; triumphant; so John leans over and steals Sherlock's last piece of meat.
"It wasn't as though I was trying to get back to London to shout at you for running out on your girlfriend," says Sherlock beside him, and John huffs. "I wouldn't hold it against you," Sherlock adds, very quietly; and John says, "Don't you?"
. So. So he rubs at his face. So Sherlock is Sherlock and John is John and John is lying in his bed which smells of their bodies and just—just don't think, he tells himself, don't think.
; and then bent enough to kiss her, at eleven minutes before ten in the morning, on the ninth of June, 2013.
John is inhaling, sharp, as above him Sherlock rearranges himself something approaching gracefully, pulling all his lovely limbs away from the most alarmed bits of John's anatomy and then puts his hand on the back of the chair to stand, which just—just won't do, quite simply, so instead John reaches and—and tugs at him, pulling, wanting—hand on his hip, yearning-looking up; and looking down at him Sherlock pinks up, but after a moment he permits John to tug him into perching, very carefully, on John's thighs.
He stops. "Taller," John supplies, rueful; and Sherlock presses his mouth into John's throat, smiling and warm.
: and John doesn't know what he looks like, can't know, barely knows how he feels. John says, "Are you going to," and then swallows. Stopped.
Sherlock breathes. Breathes: soft soft John kisses him and "Simon says," says Sherlock, mouth twisting and lopsided; and nuzzling John nods: soft, so soft, so soft and—and glowing, everywhere. Sparks between them, everywhere they touch: Sherlock shivers, and John pulls him closer. Tight.
: he hadn't yet given her the ring; but he'd spent a lot of time wondering if she knew about it, back when she was giving him that sly dimpled smile across orange juice and toast at her spacious granite breakfast bar, his bare feet bumping her feet. So he'd kept his laptop bag buckled. He'd got to Lily's flat from the surgery that Friday like every Friday and like every Friday he'd put it away. He'd put his laptop bag and the ring in the coat cupboard and he'd bumped his feet against hers at the breakfast bar and he'd kissed her, he still remembers, on that morning, hot with shame: it'd been nearing ten on—on a Sunday; she'd been sitting over her first cup of tea reading
. None of it, of course, had been anything John could counter or remark: not without opening himself up to recitations of a history he hadn't wanted anything to do with, back in October of last year; not without shocking Cal and his Eton vowels and his loftily inflexible trust-funded socialist ideals; not while Cal and Michael and Brian were all so obviously delighted by one another, with the candyfloss-uncritical pleasure taken in learning that a friend enjoys the company of other people exactly like you. By the time Brian and Michael'd finally paid precisely half the bill and left to go relieve their latest unreliable babysitter of her charges, John'd felt hot all over, overworked, strung up somewhere between violence and humiliation and rage; so he'd shoved Cal straight from their goodbyes at the door of Brian and Michael's minicab, and across to the other side of the street.
The flat is quiet. Downstairs in the street the light traffic, just past ten in the morning of a Sunday. John isn't angry. John probably ought to be. John's hands are folded in his lap, looking out: clouds, flirtatious hints of blue in between; and somewhere out there unknown unprotected is Sherlock in his coat with John's gun in John's holster at John's back fixed in place in Baker Street and John flattens his hands beside his open laptop on the table and takes a breath and lets it out and takes a breath and lets it out and breathe he is thinking breathe just breathe just
"What do you think," Sherlock asks, under his breath, "rugby coach, or—" and John laughs, helpless. It's absurd. It's so absurd. It's so absurd it shouldn't— "Fine," Sherlock is saying, clipped; "I had a bit of a chat with your coach, then,
"Yeah." John licks Sherlock's bottom lip. "I like kissing you a lot." Sherlock's broad hand on his back.
He scratches his fingers up. Through the back of Sherlock's hair. Rough-under-slick against his fingers, thick: needs a wash, really: regret. John rubs the flat of his hand over Sherlock's long sweaty back, all the way down to the curve of his arse before he is awake enough to think to ask: "Wait." Pulling his chin down, face back, to look at Sherlock, face down against his collarbone, back arching under his hand: "You don't turn your ringer off?"
Sherlock nods, stretching his arms out overhead. "That implies that you don't let the shopping slip the rest of the time," he says.
Sherlock hums. John's throat feels tight. Sherlock is still rock-hard against him and John—John hasn't had—seven-eighths of a blowjob and couple of fingers up him and he still wants— "Silicone," Sherlock says, finally. Burring against John's mouth.
And John jerks heart pounding searing through his knuckles hot gravel wet fallen back. Space, everywhere. Mouth empty. Breathing hard.
John lick-lick-licks overflowing held still by Sherlock above him as he had been held fast and ready with Sherlock next to him at his side beside him breathing hard lit up in amber, his hair limp with sweat at the roots.
Sherlock is bending back over his tea, rubbing at the seam of the cup, looking at nothing. After a minute John twists to rest his aching temple against the window.
"Slow," Sherlock echoes, and then taps his knuckles to nudge John's thighs wider, and nuzzles down to his balls.
Ringing, still. Body to body: a note. John can feel him all over, pressed close to him: almost as though he were in the room, too. John feels hot. Luminous. Alight. In the stillness of their flat he can hear Sherlock's key in the lock downstairs. His feet on the steps. For seventeen steps John feels three of him, the man on the stairs and the man standing above him in the shower and the man sitting with a rattan cane for John's back in his chair and
"I know you won't, always," Sherlock says, in a strange curving unfamiliar tone; and all over his back John feels a sudden, half-familiar prickling wave.
as bad," he says, hot on the back of John's ear: under his long rangy sticky-hot weight John shivers, stretches; "as my syphilitic," a
When John walks into the surgery, Marcus says, "Er, I brought, er, danish, and, er," so John takes one for later, thanks him, and pulls his first patient chart himself. That same bubble of a thought suspended, still, between the back of his tongue and his throat.
," clambering back over into the bath to try and duck John in the water even though it's still too shallow, of course, though not quite too shallow for John to splash a palmful up at his face which just prompts Sherlock to splash back: an endeavor which—predictably—degenerates rather quickly.
After a moment, Sherlock nods. "There's a forger, in Amsterdam," he explains. "One of the best." He shifts, a little, then adds, "Friend of mine."
He sets his overnight bag on the foot of his bed and starts sorting it out: trousers for the dry cleaner, shirts and socks and balled-up pajamas and pants.
"I do understand the urge to be cheeky," Holmes is saying, behind him and to the side, "but—perhaps at this particular moment, it's not the wisest course of action, don't you think?"; and the cane snaps down.
stare, really? Sherlock might be improbable, but he isn't unreal: not vanishing or secret but real and lovely and disheveled, his. John starts the washing machine and comes to him standing beside his music stand and the windows with his fringe standing up all over on the right and the hem of his stolen vest unraveling at the back; John slides his arm around Sherlock's middle, and Sherlock hums and leans into it, human heart beating and solid and warm. John presses his face to his vest between Sherlock's sweaty shoulderblades and breathes. At his belly Sherlock folds his hand over John's hand.
The reply's come so quickly that John squirms in his seat. He can't entirely picture it, but his brain's giving it a good try: Sherlock curled up in his bed, soft and sleepy, petting at himself, nowhere in particular to go—
He stops, swallows, and then touches John's mouth; and with a salt-ocean throb of the vise of his ribs, John twists to kiss the inside of Sherlock's white wrist.
Plastic. The edges catch on John's thumb. Of course. The kind of stiff plastic wrapping that they put around things still in the store to keep them sealed, hygienically: of course. John is alone in their living room with an unused purple eyeliner in his hands with the safety wrapping still on, because
After a moment, Sherlock presses his face down into John's shoulder. Smiling, John thinks, despite himself.
"Can I pull you off?" Sherlock asks, muffled; and John stares up at the short stretch of wall between window and ceiling.
"Nhh." Sherlock's eyelids are drooping. A bit of a kiss and he's already pink and rumpled, eyeing the collar of John's dressing gown. John tugs Sherlock's shirtfront straight, smooths it down to his flies.
When he looks up again Sherlock has slid up to perch on the edge of the coffee table opposite him. Hands loose on his knees. Tired-eyed.
"I was thinking I could smack it a few times," Sherlock explains. Hand flat. Stroking up. "Get you nice and pink." Against him John nods, unsteady, and petting back down the hollow of his back Sherlock whispers, "Warmed up for me."
"Hm." Sherlock wriggles closer, so John rolls: sinking back, Sherlock's body heavy and warm and pressing tight against him. "Are you?" Sherlock mumbles, and John wriggles his other arm under his shoulders. Strokes down over his back, his arse; Sherlock's cock half-hard against John's hip. Sherlock says, "Hmmmmm," muscles flexing against John's palm; and John smiles against his temple.
," Sherlock gasps, and thrashes out, hard: beneath them the bed creaks and whines. "I—I—" reminding, John stills for an instant— "I'd—you probably—" and Sherlock groans, then like water bursting-spilling he bursts out: "You lied to me with your lovely open mouth—" which John fits around him, sucking, sucking, as Sherlock says high and fast, "you told me you were failing chemistry and you needed help my help and would I and I just nodded and trailed home after you even though—even after I've spent—weeks and weeks and
"I was going to bring Jasmine," Natalie says. "Mikey too, but he got a callback last minute and is off taking his clothes off for a producer in the West End."
"You were a wretched child, weren't you." John sighs. "Shut up and hold still, and later I'll get your moisturizer for you. I'll even massage it in."
is why John is not angry. John is—other things. What'd he done that for, John is wondering, half-heartedly: why that. Why then. It isn't as though it matters: this, and then that, after the other; and if he were a different John, would he try harder to piece it together? Would he, perhaps, even
Hypnotic, really. Sherlock's hot-damp deep breathing. His pulse. John can't see what he's doing but he can feel it: Sherlock's soft mouth and coarse hair and under his skin his hot blood. The tightsoft wet clench of his body: Christ, how John wants. John curls his fingers into him and Sherlock's prick twitches between them, dripping: Sherlock's breath noisy, caught.
His voice is still scratchy with sleep and he's standing in the living room doorway in his pajamas at three in the afternoon, arms crossed over his chest: he knows how ridiculous he looks, but somehow can't help it. He feels sweaty all over. Sick.
Crumpling up John's throat John's stomach while Sherlock tongue tripping blurts out, "I'd rather—be with you than—be like—but I—I k-keep trying and—" while John kisses his temple, his forehead, his cheek: throat fluttering, whispering, "Sherlock,
with a picture of the lettuce scattered all over his desk, the two paracetamol on the paper from his sandwich, just before he washes them down with the last of his tea, then tidies away the rest of the mess and rings for his next patient, goes to pull open his door. His mobile buzzes on the desk:
upon you, thousands of kilometers away from home in a city where he didn't speak the language and didn't really know much of anybody but then turned up a bloke who looked like you and talked like you and installed his iPhone updates for him and—and paid
for him already; had been lightheaded, nearly, with Sherlock's cheek resting high up on his thigh. John swallows and undoes the button, too. Blood pounding in the palms of his hands. He shoves everything down to the tops of his thighs, reaches for the lube. He wonders if Sherlock does it with lube: real lube, the good stuff, the sort you don't know much about when you're—what, he must've been seventeen? eighteen? Christ. Twenty
. John laughs and says, "If this is where you've planned to tell me that this is why you've been fucking me—," and darting dark-eyed Sherlock shoves up tight-close-hot against him mouth open—
"Ought to bend you over my lap next time," Sherlock says, low and hot, "better angle"; John moans, can't stop. "Yeah?" And John nods, gasps, "Shouldn't think about—" as Sherlock spanks him, again, again, then brushes his thumb over John's lit-up yawning skin while John cries out jerks all over rubs his wet face on the back of his hands; and then Sherlock pulls him apart, cold air, John squirms. "If we're going to really teach you a lesson," Sherlock murmurs, letting go, "ought to properly settle in"; as hollow John whines, empty presses back—quiet plastic crack and then Sherlock's long fingers, slick and certain and wet and thick. Merciless: like a balloon near-bursting Sherlock stretches-presses-pets, fingers sinking right into the coiled knot inside him so cold it hurts: kneaded and reformed John moans and shudders, shoves his hips back, ropes from Sherlock's fingers thick through John's throbbing veins to John's aching knotted fingers. "Like that?" Sherlock asks, very softly,
The room's cool. Not bright: early, then. Too early, most like. John rubs at his face. He goes to the toilet and splashes water on his face and uses some mouthwash and then fumbles with the glass Sherlock keeps his toothbrush in: fills it three times, drains it twice, then brings the third back into the bedroom for Sherlock, who sits up when John prods him through the duvet and then blinks at the glass like he's not sure what it's for before finally scrambling up to sitting and gulping the lot down in three greedy swallows, his hair sticking up all over, face creased from the pillow and eyes round with sleep, while John lumbers over him and back under the covers.
"I appreciate—" It comes out burred; Sherlock stops. Turns towards his phone, screen lighting up: the stopwatch, John thinks, with a helpless pang of fondness, as Sherlock clears his throat. "—your indulgence," he finishes. "To the, er. Scientific method, et cetera."
"Please," Sherlock says; they could be discussing another cup of tea. Pulse in his palms throbbing one-two one-two, John knees up and slides over, settles back down at Sherlock's side. The button at his waist feels far too tight, so he slips it open. Sighs. Looks over at the laptop screen, which is, both inexplicably and offensively, showing the Daily Mail.
It's well done. If Sherlock's voice weren't a hair too slow, John'd barely notice. His eyes hungry on John's face.
but John breathes. "I've never done this," he explains, touching: Sherlock's body melting between-against him: his arm braced on the bed sliding fingers seeking until, clumsy, they meet skin. "I've never—." Swallowing. "Been—bare like this, with—with another girl, I don't—" Swallowing. Stroking: Sherlock licking at his mouth with his fingers crammed deep into himself while thumbing over the wet peak of him cracked-egg pulled open John says, unsteady, "I don't think I could be."
"Well, since it's surely too hot for your dressing gown," Sherlock says; and John starts laughing, helpless: "Oh, Christ, you'd have me do it too, wouldn't you."
: because the instant just before it'd come out of his mouth, he'd known, with absolute blinding certainty, that he would. The hollandaise is, as always, perfection. Sherlock's has ruined him for anything else.
The door to their living room is open. John can hear Sherlock thumping around in the kitchen, still, so he hangs up his jacket and sets the pastry bag on the coffee table, settling down with his laptop on the sofa. "Brought you back a snack," he calls, and Sherlock swirls out immediately, in dressing gown and safety goggles. John clears his throat, but—well, that ship has well and truly sailed, hasn't it. John just holds up the open bag, and Sherlock bends down to examine its contents. Remarkably enough, he looks fairly interested, so his experiments must be losing some of their luster.
From nowhere Sherlock says, "Was he. All right, to you?" and in an instant John's face floods: up to his forehead, through his sinuses, across his eyes, wet over hot over wet: Christ.
"He won't talk to me, love," she says, gently; and he says, "I know. I know he won't"; and then lets her, when she gives him a gentle, motherly hug.
"Did you get it on my dressing gown?" Sherlock is asking. Smiling: John can feel it. Between the borders of their bodies, a pressed-flat joke. John laughs, too high: "Oh." He swallows, Sherlock's mouth brushing—down, over his jaw. "Probably," John admits, pressing his burning hips up so that Sherlock's curled fingers in his pocket curl against him hot-hard, Sherlock making a hot-purry sound against his throat. "Probably it'll still be—" John, swallowing— "
," groaned out while he drops his head back on John's shoulder as John cups him, once, just for an instant, and then drags his knuckles back to the surface of the water, all along the trembling top line of Sherlock's right thigh.
, take a Thursday and Friday and you can—you can just tell Mycroft that he can just, just bugger off, because we're." He breathes in, deep. "On holiday. In Edinburgh."
, not exactly erotic but good and strange and shockingly, almost painfully intimate: it makes John a little lightheaded. Sherlock is tenderly tightening the strap: "Tell me," Sherlock says, "it oughtn't be too tight"; and John says, "I—that's. Fine."
"It's all right," Sherlock says, quiet. His left hand wound up tight with John's right as Sherlock's right— "I've got you," he is saying, "
John pokes around a bit more, then leans over the secretary's computer and taps the space bar: powered down, and probably password protected, anyway. The desk at the back, the larger of the two, hasn't got a computer, but it has got a clear space that's just the right size for a laptop, and a locked and terrifyingly complicated under-desk safe. "If this comes down to me cracking her password, you know, you'll be out of luck," John says.
He turns, just enough. Looks up at him: pink cheeks pale eyes long hands. John asks, "What if I put it on you?"
. John wants to eat him alive. "Ten," John repeats. Sherlock shivering against him, kissing—licks. John licks. Licks. Sherlock makes another small electric sound and John rubs their noses together, pets Sherlock's warm skin. Back. Belly. Hip. His hand nestling back in between them— (He could open him up. Pull him out and over and apart.) John's fingertips burrowed and nesting their mouths scrape open-closed and John's hand is still. Soft. Still. Then soft,
It's not the sort of question John would ordinarily particularly inclined to answer, but he knows better than to think he can get away with deflecting Sherlock. "Have done, a fair bit." He tilts Sherlock's face to the side. "In the past." He starts on the left.
—I'm sorry, John, I'm sorry, I—" as dropping the bottle John shakes his head and shakes his head and bending down to kiss him open-mouthed and wet and wanting reaches down between them to smear too-cold lube against his arsehole down Sherlock's prick, satiny-hot and—
Sherlock rubs his head back against him: John turns to press his nose against his cheek, pets at his sternum, his flat firm chest—
John breathes in. The pebble, rippling out. He rubs at his jaw, rough with stubble, because in the morning he'd not had time to shave; and if the mundanity of the scrape of his cheek on his palm goes someway toward breaking him free it doesn't finish the job. Not quite. His eyes keep catching on the edge of the coffee table: purple eyeliner. He can't—stop. His thoughts—whirling, he thinks, forcibly. Behind that self-correction, bubbling up: his thoughts
"Well?" John asks, perching on the side of the bed. He clears his throat. "I've can offer you—uh, blue checked, and—" but Sherlock is already taking it and the navy solid, not meeting John's eyes. John feels—he doesn't know what he feels. John had had one tie when first he'd moved in. He's not an idiot, he's always known that Sherlock had—but at the time he'd still been working with Sarah Sawyer, at a different sort of surgery, an entirely different kind of ground; and it'd been—convenient, hadn't it, when the others had just—turned up.
John swallows. "Don't see why you'd have to, if you don't want," he says. "I can bring you up a glass, too."
"Show me," he says, unsteady; and Sherlock whines, his eyes barely open, face red. "Show me," John repeats, "show me how you do it—get your fingers up yourself,
Sherlock doesn't say anything for a long, taut moment. Then he rests the cane against John's back, where he hasn't ever hit him—where he would never hit him, John (inescapably medical, over forty) knows; and then Sherlock says, very carefully, "Yellow"; and John opens his eyes. "I'm going to need you to count them off for me, John," Sherlock says, and raises the cane.
John's heart is beating queerly hard. He leans back in his chair. "And now—what?" he asks. "Are you—what,
Sherlock pulls out, very slowly. He isn't—careless, or rough: he can't—he clearly can't bring himself to let John hold his hand or touch his mouth or just—fuck, fuck,
I normally do a lot more background research than I talk about, for this story, but for this particular section—
, and then Sherlock had helped him back to sitting on the sofa and brought him a towel damp with ice and a digestive and two paracetamol and then hovered over him, crane-like and absurd, until John had dragged him down to sitting and put on
He pushes the door almost to the jamb behind him—not closed; he doesn't dare, not without a patient to see and Rhoda about: she'd notice that right quick.
: and eyes prickling John presses his face to Sherlock's skin breathing him in and in and in. Sherlock lying flat on his back spread open and opening unfurling for him with need and so. So John's chest would—it is aching. He breathes and he feels it; it aches.
," low and hot, flooding John's cheeks like tissue paper, blotting red. His throat last night marked in the mirror faded in the morning:
John sighs, sitting forward. "It's not like that, it's not—a power play, is it. He's just—he's just a bit of a mess, isn't he? And he—this dynamic, where he knows things and I don't, it's not—for ages, for years I thought it was about power, and about him, controlling me, but if the past five weeks have shown me anything it's that he's—he feels desperately vulnerable,
"You ever do it like this?" John asks. It feels sunk deep down into him. Spun down wound up with his lungs and his liver and his bones. "Like you're. Starts out, you're not even really having a wank." He swallows. "Just. Passing the time."
It all happens extremely fast. John barely has time to get his legs up before Sherlock has slicked up his prick and is nudging against him with a hard hot breath: shoving the wet thick head of him into John's still-tender arsehole, panting, his eyes squeezed tight shut. John doesn't—aching he inhales, trying to relax into it, make room: he doesn't—he can barely keep up, Sherlock wanting—Sherlock folding John's knees up and sliding—shoulders under his knees grabbing at the suspenders to—to drag his arse off the duvet to fuck into him with hard short gasping thrusts with his eyes closed face red wet mouthed while John tries—swallowing-tries to—to relax, should he—Sherlock shoving-scraping into him, grunting, "Unh—
"Yeah, the first one he'd bought barely came down past his arse by the end of the year," John explains. "Sleeves up at his elbows and all."
"Parsley," Sherlock says, after a moment. "In the fridge. Still needs to be washed, but—but then you can just—you can just—tear it up."
. John inhales, stretching against him. Hot. John licks his lips. Drawing his knee up—John reaches back, pulling Sherlock tight against his arse. Stretching: Sherlock sighs, touches his mouth.
It had felt, at times, like it had been another person: another John, who had wanted—and wanted and wanted and
John pulls back. That liverish splotch of his mouth, already showing up: that'll stay, John thinks, back prickling hot, while Sherlock breathes carefully, deep.
John breathes. Breathes. Strokes at Sherlock's hair with Sherlock's heat seeping in through his skin and then tugs, gently, until Sherlock looks up.
"Well, no," John says. Shifting: Sherlock hadn't thought anything of the kind. John says, "nothing interesting comes from Belgium"; and Sherlock's mouth blooms into a broad smirk, transparently pleased. Bright-eyed, his pink mouth—full up John rubs his foot on Sherlock's foot: bubbling over—; enough.
John nods. Shifting, noisily, just to get his arms wrapped closer around him. "Then why don't we just table that for now?" John suggests. Turning his hand up, to wind their fingers together.
John nods. Pushes up to his feet. Straightens. Wipes himself off with the tails of his shirt and then tucks his penis back in to his boxers and zips up his flies. Trailing Sherlock, headed into his bedroom: he won't meet John's eyes but he holds the door for him, at least. Not nothing. John won't have anywhere to sleep, if Sherlock doesn't let him into his bed.
Sherlock swallows: once, twice; then steps away from him. "May I use your shower?" he asks, voice thick.
When he pulls back his hand trails over Sherlock's back, his arse. He's only human. "How much?" he asks, turning back towards the spill of the bag.
; but it doesn't do anything to make John forget who Sherlock is. Every teacher who'd ever summoned John in for a lecture was a tired, middle-aged, middling academic, usually with jowls and disorderly hair; Sherlock has the hair, at least, but his version takes a hair dryer, two different kinds of smoothing serum, and a brand of mousse that comes in a bottle that looks like it was designed for outer space. John goes to him with his throat tight and his palms prickling; but even in spectacles, Sherlock is very far from an authority figure. Even in spectacles, he's still just a git with an exaggerated opinion of himself, isn't he.
John nods. His hand on Sherlock's sticky back and Sherlock's palm on his cheek and the whole of him monsoon-humid and hot. John pushes at the duvet: a rush of cool air with Sherlock's warm nose bumping against his, gentle.
, Sherlock'd said—but, Sherlockian scruples, pfft; still willing to—still willing to fuck him with it, isn't he. John swallows. Swallows. Throbbing blood cells vein walls as Sherlock is pressing wetthick eager into him as panting John twists his sweltering face to the sheet. In retrospect perhaps—but no. John doesn't think—Sherlock nuzzles him, ear neck throat; cups his hand over him, gives him a stroke: the bed is oppressively hot John doesn't think Vic and Sherlock ever fucked, awful-jarring-
Bridged over him Sherlock curls his head down and flicks his tongue at John's nipple: lightning; John jerks all over.
Beneath John's hand on John's belly Sherlock curls his hand, hooking their fingers together, offside. Their fists knot, tangled. Quiet, Sherlock says, "You hardly ever show marks."
"Is it better or worse that I can't stick it in you right now?" John asks, quiet; and Sherlock laughs, wet, a little wildly; eeling up against him, tucking his toes into the back of John's suspender belt. "Unknown?" John asks, checking; and Sherlock swallows, nods. He's loosening, all over, at last: God, from the way he talks John'd never've thought he'd have to work for it like this. Breath hitching as John draws his fingers all the way out. "More lube," John explains, pushing up onto his elbow; and Sherlock swallows, and swallows, but lets him up,  just enough.
. Over and over and over—not twenty years, John is thinking. Longer, John'd guess. Since he was—a boy. Christ. The hot, helpless rage in John's throat.
Sherlock slides his hand between them. Touched: John shivers. Sherlock cradling him big-splaying hand, cupped. John presses a kiss to his throat.
"It doesn't actually bother me," John says, very carefully, "when you call me a whore." Propped up over him Sherlock is getting redder and redder. His cheeks were already pink. "But it bothers you when you think you've bothered me," John says, "yeah?"
After a moment, he murmurs, "This is nice." Inhaling in all the round familiar smells of Sherlock's skin.
John didn't miss that particular self-correction, but he lets it slide. "Yeah," he agrees. "But I thought, maybe." Rubbing: stocking to fair wiry hair to soft, soft, hot velvety skin. "I could improvise."
Sherlock's breath hitches, when John does it. His thighs: open, opening up. He's still hard, barely half in his knickers: it feels like it's been hours, probably has been hours. Could be days. John wants Sherlock to come, with him and for him, with a hot dizzying surge of shame and desperation that prickles at his eyes and his throat.
He's moving slowly, John notes: terribly slowly. As though he's caught in some madman's invisible sights. Slowly, his hand comes up, and slowly his fingers uncurl forward; and slowly, he touches John's mouth.
"Not very," Sherlock murmurs, turning his head under John's hands. "Bit of an upset stomach," he says, liquid and slow, "that's all"; as the cup of his palm finds John's hip.
Sherlock can't talk properly while John is shaving him: a perfectly reasonable excuse, John thinks, for a bit of time. He remains quiet while John works his steady way around his mouth, contorting his face in response to the press here and there of John's fingers: it should be ridiculous, really, but it isn't.
"In deference," Sherlock agrees, "to the nontraditional weapon." He gets John's forearm again, the rim of his bowl, and then they have to pause the match briefly to drop their crumpled serviettes atop the splashed-over soup.
"So far as it impacts the safety and effectiveness of my office, you are my business," Mycroft tells him, and John rolls his eyes.
"It's not uncomfortable for you, then," John says slowly, leaning forward with his elbows on his knees, "when I make reference to the deep, oceanic shade of blue no doubt by this point attained—
John squirms—pinned, still shuddering—but gentle, gentling: soft, sweet. John is breathing hard; swallows and swallows; for a long, long time, Sherlock keeps him in his mouth.
Sherlock shakes his head. "Pants, trousers, you know," he says, very quietly, and moving past him John brushes his palm over Sherlock's bent head, and Sherlock makes a caught, breathless sound.
working on, before they'd started—they'd had a terrific row about it, back in—in May. Christ. May? Christ. He'd been sawing it out eight measures at a time for the better part of a month; but John hasn't heard it in weeks. His own fingers, he finds, have drifted up: pressed to ache in his chest. He's mixed up all over, the damp-electric memory of Sherlock's mouth on his forehead, his cock half-hard in his jeans. Sherlock isn't looking at him, at least. John forces his hand down and steps back and heads back up the stairs to his still-damp bathroom, to floss his teeth.
, but John is still standing there like an idiot; it makes Sherlock's mouth twist down, brows shifting: as it turns out, it's a rather good impression of all those worn-out academics, as best as John can remember, looking disappointed that John isn't entirely living up to his potential.
"All right," Sherlock says, sounding half-gone; "Christ," John gasps, "you've no idea, how I want to fuck you, I just—"
They kiss. And kiss. This strange body-warm space, skinless, mouth to mouth: John feels scraped all over with sandpaper. It's—
"Yeah?" John asks, rubbing his right hand over the next strained-tight button while Sherlock jerks his head into a nod. John pulls the button free and Sherlock stumbles towards him, so that John's nose bumps into the underside of his chin.
Upstairs John turns on the lamp by his bed even though it's still mostly light out and then draws Mrs. Hudson's filmy white curtains and then waits. Sherlock is hovering just inside the doorway, looking at the lamp, the bed, the wardrobe, the chair where John sits to put on his shoes; and John doesn't know what to do. He doesn't know if it's crueler to wait or just ask, doesn't know if he ought to take off his clothes, or Sherlock's, or neither; doesn't know how much space to leave for Sherlock to breathe, and how much leaves him helpless, alone, at sea. The door behind Sherlock is open: John wishes it weren't. The shadows in the stairwell are creeping up onto the landing, too close; and it doesn't matter, John knows that, it's stupid and pointless and distracting but finally John can't stand it any longer and goes over to pull it closed. It leaves him washed up close to Sherlock; not touching, but close: loosening the snarl of knots inside him, as it shuts the lamplight in.
"Hear, hear," Denise is saying. John salutes, and polishes off his wine, then reaches for the bottle. "Here, pass that over," says Denise; and between her and Priyanka they flag down the waiter and get the last of the two extant bottles emptied into Rhoda's glass—"ugh," Rhoda says, grimacing, "that's awful,
"If you'd said to me, 'I want to go upstairs and take all our clothes off and lie in your bed and kiss for hours,' I would've said yes," John says. "If you'd—"
at home, he feels as though he is a home waiting only for its other half to pull itself shut around them: the comfortable, unprepossessing kind of untidy of their living room, stacks of books wherever someone was last reading them, unopened post in a slithery puddle on the mantle, coins and receipts and half-dried-out biros scattered across the table between their chairs. For the first time in years it makes the back of John's neck prickle; crackle like lightning, not yet struck. The mess is not all Sherlock: an ordinary, everyday-use sort of thought. Steadier John can remember that upstairs he still can't leave a wet flannel hanging over the edge of the sink, a kind of mixed-blessing legacy of being in the military for over a decade; but when he'd come up on Saturday to find something to sign the papers with he'd just dug around wherever he'd thought to look and left his discards where they fell—pencils; pink highlighter; Sherlock's fountain pen, heavy and engraved along one silver side:
": above him Sherlock squirming: "Seven," ground out as John pulls off, heart pounding everywhere at the edges of him and then drags Sherlock down closer by the sweat-slick sides of his hips, right to the edge of the sofa: "Oh," says Sherlock, wobbling, "Christ": as John buries his face in him, "Eight—"; rubs his stubbling mouth all over him, "Eigh—n-nine"; presses his fat blood-swollen tongue all the way in to his teeth inside of him and then
"Yeah." John rubs at the nape of his neck. Breathes in, for the weight of Sherlock's body on his ribs; and Sherlock lifts up his head.
," Sherlock gasps, fumbling with—with the lube, smearing his long hot thighs and pushing himself back until John groans, helpless, fitting himself between them as Sherlock tightens his knees, squeezing
: the precision is terrifying, in retrospect. John'd asked if he could call, over and over; for the first forty-five minutes Sherlock'd dodged him, again and again. What was it, really, John wonders? The camera? The knickers? John's teasing tone, the distance, the hour? At the last John'd typed out,
"I'm just sodding delightful," John says, and Sherlock jerks his head to one side, imperfectly hiding a grin in his tea. John resettles his knife at the edge of his plate, more carefully this time. "Enjoying yourself?" he asks.
Sherlock stares at nothing John can see in silence. John, every few minutes, turns a page. The wet windows darken, bee-striped with black and washed-out amber yellow, and John drinks about a quarter of his cold tea. He tucks his feet under himself. The flat isn't cold, precisely, but it's not hot anymore, either. Rain batters at the glass, rattling and sullen. In the morning they'll wake and open the windows and the air will flood in, washed clean, cool and hollow; but right now, the flat just still smells of onions, and tea, and rosin; and somewhere deep down underneath everything: Pears soap, and Sherlock's warm skin.
Sherlock presses his face to the side of John's neck, breathing deep. "You're still so open," muffled.
"I liked the stockings," John says finally; and close up against him Sherlock nods, and doesn't say a thing.
of all things while naked in his arms Sherlock is nuzzling, slow and sweet, against John's hot face: absurd. "Sherlock," John whispers, "I want to make you happy, will you—"
," John says grateful. Hands loosening. "Still ongoing, I'm afraid, so I can't say much," he says: "Sherlock's—away, at the moment, working on—"
"It was just hard to know what to say, really," Sherlock says, finally. "Nothing's changed"; and the wallpaper swims for a moment, then is still.
—John like holding water still burning all over. Like grabbing at stormclouds. Like trying to hold onto a flame. What else would John be but kneeling, before his magician king?
He swallows. Kisses him. Sherlock's big hand splaying over John's belly, mouth on his mouth: John says, "Let's fuck."
"I want to kiss you," Sherlock whispers, and so John kisses him, a warm wet honey-thick eons-long kiss with their bodies wound together in John's bed. Sherlock's throat cracks: a tiny choked-off gasping sound; John kisses him again, helpless; and again. Sherlock's arms tight around him while John presses a kiss just against his jaw and then returns to his mouth. Sherlock's breath pressing out between them, hot and ragged and fast. So they kiss. They kiss while their bodies get sweaty where they're touching, burrowed from the knees down beneath the mass of the folded-back duvet, the rest of them hot in bare air; Sherlock's feet hanging off the end of the bed. "Do you want—," Sherlock asks, after quite some time; but there are barely words for what John wants: Sherlock coming to him like a skittish wild thing, again and again; not fleeing just long enough for John to stroke him, to eat from John's trembling hand. "I like this," John whispers, "or, do you—"; but Sherlock shakes his head, so they kiss.
"Six," Sherlock says, "don't stop," and then swallows. "Besides it's—it's better if I keep both my hands free."
His pulse. His throat. He turns back. Sherlock is still watching him. The cane not quite out of sight. John clears his throat. Laughs. "Do you know how to use that?" he asks.
"When you get upset," John persists; and Sherlock stills. John shifts. "Last night," he explains. "You got—you were. Distressed."
She shrugs. "It's got its bright spots, I suppose. I'm not... not working, exactly." She reaches for the bottle; he nods.
It feels heavy, him looking. Heavier, somehow, than the whole of his body blanketing John's body naked face-down in the bed, hot; hot John's skin where he touches those eyes like the
Sherlock pulls back. Sidles back around him. The taps run while John gets to work on the garlic: an odd experience, really, re-learning the touch through nitrile-deadened fingertips, but he supposes, if it puts Sherlock off—
, which requires players to have large quantities of wide but relatively superficial knowledge about historical figures, so it doesn't seem like it'd play to Sherlock's strengths.
, in two thousand bloody twelve, if you'd said you wanted me to go upstairs and take all my clothes off and lie down with you in my bed and kiss for hours and hours, I would've done it, Sherlock."
": dragging his knuckles against him through the membrane of John's pocket. "Christ," John gasps, thunking his head back:
It should feel absurd, saying it like that. It doesn't. It feels deathly serious. He can look Sherlock straight in his yellow-blue eyes, can examine him: can measure all of the expression chased off Sherlock's lovely strange face. John's heart throbs in his temples. His throat.
"It was intense," John says steadily. A little too loud because of the water, and. A good scrub. "I needed to go to sleep."
"It's, uh." John flexes it a little. "Better, I think. Didn't give me any trouble on the walk, at any rate."
John's breath comes out on Sherlock's cheek wet-hot in a gush: his prickling hot mouth and eyes and face, helpless: a sob, can't, with Sherlock pressing quick puzzled-soft kisses so sweet whispering "John" but wet-hollow "John" pulled open and—and then
John says, "Nat's going to be out starting Wednesday," reluctant. "I can't leave Rhoda to contend with Marcus on her own."
John nods. "Then there's always lugging bloody great bags full of small arms over from the continent," he finishes, and Sherlock's eyes crinkle up at the corners.
"Not yet," Donnell says. "They've been over the whole area with the dogs twice, but they're having the devil of a time, all the dogs keep whining and stopping and looking up at their handlers."
, burrowing into his body with tender-soft lapping kisses while under-above him on his elbows with his hips pushing—
The bra feels the silliest so he puts it on first. No point in it, is there, unless he can get somehow past—but he can't get it done up, can he, between the purplish drawing-tight ache deep in his shoulder and the twelve thousand bloody buggering hooks: easier, he thinks, infuriated, to get the fucking things
"How convenient." Sherlock's hand loose around him, barely moving—John's blood mixed-up everywhere all over but still half of him half-hard in Sherlock's gentle stroking hand. "Good?"
"You were unhappy," George says, and John nods. "Sherlock had left," George adds, "he had left you"; and John mutters, "Christ," and leans his head back, and closes his eyes. "You missed him," George persists; and "
Sherlock's quiet for a moment, and John turns to look towards him, pillowed hand under his cheek. Still half-floating. Sherlock's rumpled and half-undressed legs folded up under to the side, hands on John's back. Can't read his face.
Propped up over him, soft eyes and corona of hair, Sherlock is smiling. "Do you find that surprising?" he asks. Close enough it rumbles John's chest.
"Thought so," John murmurs, and opens his mouth. Flicks his tongue out against Sherlock's earlobe and then while Sherlock's still gasping, "Six, six—" opens his mouth on Sherlock's throat and
Sherlock noses along his cheek. Under his jaw. Melting all over John lets out breath: slackening, his sides.
"Probably, I mean—without. More sleep, and—and breakfast, probably, and. More sleep. A lot more sleep." He rubs the back of his right hand over his face.
Sherlock takes a breath. "At first everything pointed to Prague so I had to go to Prague," he says. "So I told Mycroft to look after you and I. Went"; and John squeezes his eyes shut tight. Squeezing. Squeezed. Sherlock's arms are already around him: octopus-like, vast and clinging; John halfway hates it, usually. "I'm sorry," Sherlock is saying, "If I'd known I think I would've—"
Ava MacAuley. Emil Kvieczinski. Ruby Bridgewater. The silence of his drawer is weirdly distracting. His ten o'clock runs over and his ten forty-five turns up twenty-one minutes late.
"All the others've been planted well in advance," Greg says, as Sherlock crouches down three meters away, pulling a pair of nitrile gloves out of his coat pocket. John comes over as he pulls them on, Greg saying behind him, "The one in Westminster Abbey was
"Not right now," he says, and then eases back up onto his knees. "Breathe," he says, rubbing at the small of John's back, and John nods and breathes as Sherlock pulls slowly, carefully out.
Yes. "So you've a bit of a break, then," John says reasonably, and some tiny shift slips in amongst the muscles around Sherlock's cold-water eyes. John sweating under his dressing gown, damp pooling in the small of his back. He shifts his weight. Bare feet.
glad, that's—that's the worst of it, because—because he's alive, isn't he, and with me, and he wants me, but I can't get it out of my fucking mind, can I?" He swallows. "What he did to him." A sharp-edged ache lodged deep, deep down in his chest.
; so as quick as he can John lies back down to press tight against him ribs touching, kissing him through the hammering rush of Sherlock's racing hot pulse, and Sherlock grabs at him, skull and shoulders, clinging; John touching him inside and out. They kiss: half-unbreathing. Sherlock's tongue slipping into him as John pets the blood-hot membrane borders of him, fucking his fingers slow just into his trembling tensed body while Sherlock kisses his mouth open for his heart. John pets, pets, curling his fingers: Sherlock flinches. John stills, but Sherlock is gasping, "No—no, don't, don't stop": breath caught and high, his whole body. Christ John doesn't want to but Sherlock asked so slow slow slow with his fingers tucked inside him John kisses him, slow. Slow and tender open-panting-mouthed with his fingers just-petting at the rim of him: Sherlock draws his knee up higher, his breath fast and shallow as John cradles his head in his arm and presses his body to his body trying to read him in his quavering silence: wanting and dreading and dreading what he wants and so—careful. Don't make him—while Sherlock gasps shoulder-squeezing and John nuzzles his face and rubs his thumb against him with his two fingers inside him and his mouth opening soft on Sherlock's wet mouth as Sherlock pants. Tensed, unsurprising, all over: Christ. John rubs his thumb against him: careful, slow. It wasn't like this, he is thinking. It wasn't anything like this when he got Sherlock open for his plug in Sherlock's bed a thousand years ago and Sherlock'd just—gone. Yielding: easy. Where had he gone? John hadn't known to miss him, but it'd been nothing like Sherlock's unsteady hitching breath or the hardtight clench of his body or his green-eyed purple-smudged face with its edges cracked open: a wire stretched around wanting and terror and misery. That—that can't have been better, can it? Not knowing that—not knowing he didn't want and still—and Christ helpless John kisses Sherlock's throat Sherlock's jaw Sherlock's cheek. The damp pink edge of his open panting mouth: "All right?" John asks, heavy. Still petting.
"I'd better start in on teaching you German, then, won't I," Sherlock is saying, breathless, as he touches him with intent for the first time, really, since he's got the cock ring done up: his hands eager and wet as he rubs against the taut prickling skin behind John's balls, presses two fingers into him, not deep but all at once, a hair faster than almost too slow. John just—just opens for him, vaguely surprised. He is inhaling. It feels—difficult, almost; but it isn't. Very strange. Under him Sherlock is watching him open-mouthed rubbing his slick thumb against the little metal ring at the base of the strap: push-and-pull pressure, wet, pulled tight; an unfamiliar sensation that is bizarre in its unfamiliarity, like a stranger's voice on the phone that you thought, almost, you recognized. John's face is hot. Staring up at him Sherlock is breathing hard, pulling him open, tugging him back. John's hands on the sheets feel heavy, swollen; it isn't until Sherlock is nudging his cock up into him, eyes half-shut, gasping, that John realizes that he is intensely, almost painfully aroused.
John licks across his bottom lip. "You met Jacob," he says, very slowly, "and things. changed"; and inhaling, Sherlock—
John puts both his hands around the cup. Drinks, then holds it out again. "I think that's yours," he says; but Sherlock shakes his head.
"Do you," he murmurs; and John nods, even though it doesn't sound much like a question. Sherlock rubs his fingers over John's bottom lip, and John opens for him, sucks him in. Licks at the pads of his fingertips and drags his lips over the sides.
She takes a breath, then lets it out in a long, slow stream. Somewhere down the street, a dog yaps twice, then is silenced, then starts up again. "Write, I think," says Marianne. Past the window boxes, a very beautiful boy emerges from a stairwell dangling a tangled lead, a French bulldog whining and wriggling in his arms. "Write
The air is very cold. He feels hot. Sherlock is probably—taking critical experimental notes, or whatever, but John is mostly aware of his  own toes, curling into the sheets. His heavy breath. Sherlock touches him, then, thumb petting a soft arced stripe over his hottest swollen skin and John is gasping. Pushing back. Helpless.
Sherlock looks offended; then torn; and then he nods. Pink along the tops of his ears, John thinks. It's subtle. Maybe.
"You mean," John says, trying for light, "except for how you died and I had a nervous breakdown and then screwed your best friend, or—"
Tangling their bodies together. Pressing—pressing close. Pressing in. Sherlock's cock is half-hard, silky between them where it brushes up, now and then, at John's belly, or the lace of his suspender belt, or his thighs. Sherlock doesn't seem to be doing it intentionally, but John can feel him getting harder: the heat of him. The wet kiss of the tip on John's skin.
—and in the long vibrating silence after John doesn't—he can't—he shouldn't've but he didn't mean to but Greg isn't
John sighs. It's not a productive line of thought. If it had been real—but it wasn't. He catches himself trying, over and over, with every ounce of strength in his body to go back: but there is no
"I." He waits for another shopper to reach past to grab his loaf of bread and bugger off and then says, more quietly, "I really did just want to buy you a drink"; and Marianne, mouth quirking up again, says, "Oh, I think you
John doesn't say anything. Aching; careful. He pulls the bag open, pushing the tissue paper aside, and lays the suspender belt out on the foot of the bed. Sherlock doesn't react, but he's watching: and his eyes—.
Against him, Sherlock's damp, even breath. For some time John has been lying beside-beneath him, slowly overheating, while he rubs, very gently, Sherlock's back. He wouldn't be anywhere else.
Beside him, Sherlock jerks back, wide-eyed; but John puts his hand on his shoulder: settle, gentle. Sweet.
"Oh, well, ta, then," John says. Watches Sherlock hunching his shoulders, the shortening curve of his spine.
"I can't," Sherlock is mumbling, ragged at the edges, "feel you, I can't tell, is it—" and so John gasps, "S'good," gasps and gasps, "it's good, I—keep. Keep going, I—" and so Sherlock keeps going. Rubbing his hot face against John's face as John's arms tremble knees ache as Sherlock's cock moves in him hard and body-warm and soso thick, their bodies sticky-hot and so, so
She shrugs: right shoulder a hair ahead. "About the same," she says, and John nods and passes her her tea.
Sherlock's mouth quirks. John kisses him, quick, then forces his head down onto Sherlock's shoulder, as Sherlock's arm settles loose 'round his back. He's very warm, even through all his clothes. John's skin is prickling, his cheeks hot. Doesn't fucking care, though, does he?
"Can you." John hesitates. Watching Sherlock start the kettle. Fetch the tea. "Can you—tell me," John asks, finally, when Sherlock's turned back to face him, arms crossed over his chest, shoulders hunching: so that John has an excellent full-frontal view of the way Sherlock's mouth crumples down, gaze skittering away. The way he bends, slightly, as though weighted, at his middle. "Or not," John says, "if you don't want to, but I don't want to—hurt you, accidentally, I just—"
while Sherlock sighs, soft, into the edge of his mouth; and then slides his palm down John's lit-up belly to lift up John's balls.
Rhoda, and she hardly ever asks for a favor, and he's met three of her sisters, besides: enough to be pretty well convinced that they're
"Mm." Nodding. "And you were a sickly child," mouth to mouth, "were you." Warm all over. The glass cold on his back.
Upstairs. Upstairs amid the streaming billows of clean summer air flooding sweet into his bedroom he shakes his sheets out across his bed. He smooths them flat. He pulls them tight. He shakes his pillows into his pillowcases, one at a time, and then snaps them tight. Smooths them flat. The top sheet is wrinkled so he shakes it loose and then tosses it out across his mattress, then brushes it smooth and pulls the edges taut, then smooths it out with his hand and then he picks it up because it's wrinkled, and tosses it out. Jerks it flat. Brushes in smooth with the palm of his hand so that it can lie there in all the clean rain-crisp air where it will wait for his still drying duvet, and it is done, nearly; done, at least, as he can at this moment cause it to be. His familiar tidy room with its cool floorboards and the bed pressed under the window framed with Mrs. Hudson's filmy curtains and not quite enough room beside the base of the lamp on the bedside table and the chair at the foot of the bed where John sits to put on his shoes. It's just a room, in some ways, but it's John's room, isn't it. He'd been glad to come home. By November of 2014 parts of John had stopped missing Sherlock, nearly; that low heavyblank hollowness that he had known, intellectually, was, in fact, grief had shifted and changed inside him until, when Sherlock had, in fact, come back, and come back different, John had almost been something not entirely unlike annoyed.
"Can you hold me down," John says, unsteady. "Can you do it hard, can you—" and then stops, inhaling, when Sherlock rolls them both over onto John's belly, pillow pushing up against the left half of his face.
Contrary to Clara and Harry's decade-plus of endless banging on and on about the zeitgeist and cultural literacy and John's lack of respectable reading habits, John has, in fact, read
Sherlock hasn't showered—not in the past few hours, certainly; possibly not since last night, and close down by his groin the sharp-rounded smell of his body fills John's mouth, prickles his eyes. John kisses the silky-smooth sheath of his foreskin, low down; waits for Sherlock to say, "Seven," quiet and steady, before moving up. Presses his closed mouth to the head of Sherlock's erection while stretched out above him Sherlock sucks down a sharp breath of air: "Eight," and John can taste him, nearly, already, on the back of his tongue. He licks out, just catches—
John trails him back into the living room. "So this is—related to when you were away, then," he says. Not precisely uncertain.
. He wants to gather Sherlock up, carry him to bed, toss him onto clean sheets and roll about and kiss him and kiss him and kiss him: it isn't a coincidence, John doesn't think.
Swallowing. The air through the open window just above them barbed with a cooling damp bite and Sherlock warm and heavy in sleep against him and John swallows, and swallows; but the serrated ache in his throat doesn't go away. Not even after he turns his face just enough to rub the duvet against his damp, hot cheek.
Petting down the front of Sherlock's shoulder, John says, "Sherlock." Gentle. He stills: palm on Sherlock's chest.
Their fingers wind together, John's hand over Sherlock's hand over John's hand over John's shirt over John's skin: his stomach quivering, underneath.
"John," Greg says, after a moment. He sounds—worried. He sounds worried. "What's going on," Greg asks, voice pitched lower, closer to the phone; and John's throat spasms, painfully sharp, his fingers clenching towards useless, twinned fists.
John jerks his head, up and down. Can't avoid this, can he? And he knows, he has done, he always has—
Over some time of John not-tugging Sherlock's hair slowly, so slow: he settles. Slow: John is held still heart-beating,
"I," Sherlock says, tongue half in his mouth, "put the lube away last night"; and snapped into place John's chest jerks: a startled, barked-out laugh. "Which is proving," Sherlock adds, still heavy-close moving his body against him, thigh between his thighs and hand on his arse pinning, pinned, "a tactical error of truly epic proportions," weight sliding slick and hot against him as he strokes—pulls—
John touches Sherlock's cheek. His mouth. The soft, damp fan of his eyelashes, half closing at the touch.
Daring. "I think you are interested," John says, daring; and then dares to nudge his knee between Holmes's angular knees and Holmes does not respond, John might as well be—might as well
His voice trails off. He can't, somehow, quite manage it. The air thick with them. Entire graveyards, of cut-down sentences.
Sherlock is still scowling at him, but he smooths it out. "I'd just thought," he says, straightening up, "if I'm going to get the stuffing kicked out of me by a hobbit—"
"No, it's. Christ." John's shoulders feel heavy. Rounded down. He forces them up, to reach over and top up her glass. "It's not like it's the first time—but she'd waited half an hour to see me and I recommended something she could've picked up from Boots for ten pounds with no prescription and gave her four phone numbers on a sticky note, and without referring her to social services that's about all I've got, you know?"
, even though it hasn't mattered and it hasn't mattered and it hasn't mattered, over and over and over again, until—John pets Sherlock's hair, furious with every bastard who ever screwed around with Sherlock up to and including most of all himself: feeling battered; thinking,
, because Sherlock hasn't shaved today, John doesn't think; but his thoughts feel crystalline, fragmented and strange. Sherlock is unbuttoning John's shirt, bottom up. John starts in on Sherlock's until Sherlock hits John's last button, pushing his open shirt back. John lets go. Drops the shirt on the floor while Sherlock is pushing John's vest up his ribs and then John has to stop pull that off, too. He keeps getting more and more frustrated: he's bare-chested but only got three of Sherlock's buttons undone, and Sherlock is already working on John's flies. John puts his hands on Sherlock's wrists and he stops. Looks up.
John takes a breath. Unfolds his fingers. Touches the edge of Sherlock's hairline, just beside his stitches; and then. Strokes. Down. Curling his knuckles up against Sherlock's cheek; and Sherlock turns his face down.
Sherlock is watching. "Out of uniform, too," he notes; and a shivery, prickling line of sweat springs up on John's spine. "I think that's an extra two at least, don't you?"
"I know," Sherlock says; and then takes an unsteady breath, arms tightening around him. "John—," he says, stretched thin; and so John bends down to kiss him, to take his hot face in his hands.
"Kiss me," John whispers; and Sherlock turns his face up to kiss him, hard and hungry, while John rubs over and over at the seam between scratchy-soft fabric and Sherlock's hot, silky skin: Sherlock is breathing hard, ribs—working, with his mouth on John's mouth and his damp hot useless old air, and John wants—Christ, in another world. In another world he'd spread Sherlock out in his knickers and stockings and suck him out of his skin. "Christ, can I look at you," John is gasping, helpless; "I want to—to
Shuddering. Gulping for air: "Christ," John gasps: pushing up held against him tight-wet rubbing his face on Sherlock's face, his shoulder, his throat: "I can't," wobbling, Sherlock underneathalloveragainst him letting out tiny—desperate—moans: "I can't hold back," John gasps, "I need to—"
Behind him, Sherlock comes in. John glances back at him: clutching again at his bag, the front of his shirt and the edges of his hair dark and shiny with wet. He's still dressed, all the way down to his shoes. John folds the sheet back.
John tips his chin down until his neck cracks, then goes back to staring at nothing. Foaming scarlet water to their right. The egg of the sun, eaten up by the sea.
The edges of the plate are almost hot enough to hurt his fingers, but not quite. Sherlock is sat at the table with his sleeves rolled up, hunched over, reading John's phone: a hot liquid surge of satisfaction in John's chest. Ought to be unbearable, John thinks. Ought to be infuriating—but it isn't. John slides the plate down in front of him and Sherlock turns up his lovely off-kilter face with his bruise-edged eyes and mouth indecisive, like a softened, sideways "S".
"Then what?" John whispers, while Sherlock shudders and moans, shoving his left hand down to—the ring, John realizes,
"What?" John barks out a laugh. "You stuffing me full of cock? Because that can't possibly be news, I mean—"
"Kiss me," Sherlock whispers, and everything in John's life thins and narrows to the press of his mouth to Sherlock's mouth, the dark metal-animal taste of him, the just-veiled throb of his blood through his skin on John's skin above John's blood: the first girl John's ever kissed, the first girl he's ever wanted to kiss, the awkward stuck-up half-silent swot who—who hunches over his notes and won't meet John's eyes in the hall and John knows to his bones that he saw Sherlock looking sullen on the first sodding day of year 9 and thought: that girl, that one, forever, for me.
"What's the worst she can do," John asks, low, as he pats moisturizer into Sherlock's cheeks, under his jaw, into his throat. "Figure out we're fucking?"
Sherlock says nothing, but he turns his iPhone screen out: stopped at three minutes and forty-two seconds. And eighty-three one hundredths, when John squints.
; he liked Sherlock's soft scratchy-edged lips on their sofa and the way that Sherlock's breathing went funny when John licked at the phantom hope of the taste of his come inside Sherlock's pink mouth. That single close-lipped kiss just here in their kitchen, the memory suddenly aching and regretful. John'd liked that one, too.
Amsterdam, then"; and slowly, slowly, the smile slips off Sherlock's face. At the end he nods. Hunches down over his plate.
"I—yes." He straightens, and then squints at the back of Sherlock's bowed neck. "Who's Lucy Matley?"
After a long, taut moment, waiting. "It was miserable for you," Sherlock says, quiet; and John swallows and "Close," he says, "enough."
John jerks back, mouth loose. Fingers stilled. Sherlock panting above him hand hard on his hair, like John's got enough to properly pull. His chest is heaving. Blush-splotched. Mouth wet, John swallows, illicit and dark. Thick in his throat, warm, just a
Sherlock stares up at the ceiling as he lets out a long, slow breath through his nose. After a moment, he nods.
Sherlock nods, fast. His whole body held quivering and tight, painfully still. John wants to kiss him, to pull him closer, to pull the blankets up around him and—
—" John shoves towards him, as everyone else is stumbling back: "You're, what are you—" but Sherlock's already plunked the rucksack down on the desk and is opening it up, fishing out an assortment of disposable nappies, a box of wipes, a rubber dummy, and a copy of Lonely Planet Pocket London, before—eyes glittering, mouth curving—he lifts out an oversized plastic fire truck—the sort that makes loud wailing noises so that every adult in earshot will grind their teeth—and hands it to the nearest white-faced flabbergasted constable, all her freckles standing out in sharp relief. "Don't push the button," Sherlock tells her. "I doubt it makes siren sounds when it goes anymore": and the woman backs out of the building with her whole body tense with terror while Sherlock turns back to the rucksack, turning it out to disgorge a few coins, a gear-shaped fob on a ring with two keys, and a melon-scented lip balm—no crumbs. From a parent, John's come to expect crumbs. "Hm," says Sherlock, fondling the straps, the tag at the seam, and then he lifts up the rucksack, and gives it a few long, thoughtful sniffs. He hands it to John: the maple syrup smell is obvious, now that Sherlock's pointed it out. He peers down at the little white tag by the strap—the red maple leaf of the Canadian flag—then holds the rucksack out to Greg, who hands it to Sally, who slips out of the building to join the counter-terrorism officers clustered outside. "Someone's got it out for Canadians?" John asks Sherlock, and Sherlock's mouth quirks.
"Hey." He rolls up, cupping Sherlock's flushed cheek in his hand, but it still takes a long time for Sherlock's breathing to steady, for him to meet John's eyes. John says, "I came with your fingers up my arse thinking about how you were my hot lesbian girlfriend, so even if I wanted to—which I don't—I am not exactly in a position to throw stones about emasculating sexual fantasies, all right?"
"No sign," Sherlock says. "I do think I finally convinced him to put the KLPD onto that residential tower her son owns in Schothorst, though—I'd be rather surprised if they came up empty-handed."
. And then, while John was still rubbing a hand over the back of his skull not thinking not thinking not thinking George'd said,
"Of course," John says, quiet. Kisses his temple. "It's not much of a hardship to touch you," he observes; and Sherlock's mouth curls slow at the corner, but he doesn't open his eyes. John rubs at Sherlock's arm. Clavicle. Sternum.
Sherlock's face. A long complicated series of—shifts, and then—then a half-new confusion of an expression, something not entirely unlike—yearning, or—gratitude, mixed up with the slackness of sleep: unreadable, almost, but not quite. Then Sherlock presses his forehead to John's hot forehead; and eases his fingers out, slow and careful; and then slides both his arms beneath John's torso, drawing him in tight and close.
Sherlock is sliding his knee up behind him. Brings his right hand up. "You're going to...?" he prompts, quiet.
— "I know," Sherlock is murmuring, hot and close, "I won't stop," while thick-full-up and starving John moans 'round his hand. "Shh," Sherlock breathes, "I know."
John can't picture it, but he wants to. Wants to see Sherlock, shirt open, kneeling up and shivering, petting at those pink lovely splotches on his throat and his ribs; wants to lick at his rosy nipples while Sherlock gasps and whines with his trousers barely open fucking a half-dry fist because no one's ever showed him how good it can be when you do it
Gentle. Brisk. He rubs the shaving foam all over Sherlock's palm and his fingers and his forearm, smoothing it out, before he squeezes the tip of Sherlock's little finger in his fingers, and then hand over hand petting rubs up-over up-over and in, pulling smooth and steady and slow. The shaving foam works better than he'd really hoped: Sherlock's skin, sliding slick on his skin. Sherlock is watching him, eyes half closed, breathing slowly: in, out, in.
John shouldn't've, he shouldn't be so and so carefully over and over he hits delete. Delete. Delete.
"So you didn't." Sherlock scrapes his face up John's ear. "Didn't think about what'd really make me lose the thread, did you?"
Suspended. A half an instant drawn between them near-together: Sherlock's soft mouth, long lashes, green-slivered eyes; with John filling up with the ballooning-bubble of their bodies together and. And Sherlock's downturned mouth. And Sherlock's dark solemn eyes. He is close enough to kiss, burnt into John breath and body in a single Polaroid snap, and then all-at-once closer Sherlock is kissing him like a girl in a film: drawn up, bent back; Sherlock's arm 'round his middle and his arm 'round Sherlock's shoulders and Sherlock's mouth on his hungry wide-open insistent with John's fingers clawed up between them dragging Sherlock—
John leans up on his toes, presses his mouth just under Sherlock's ear. Breath. Skin. Light: "It's fairly dreadful," he confirms; and Sherlock—warm—starts to laugh.
John swallows. He strokes Sherlock's hair up into alarmed hedgehog spikes, and then pets it flat again, more or less. "Yeah?" He touches the wings of Sherlock's shoulderblades, folded up, then pulls on his hair a bit, until Sherlock clambers back up, the bed dipping and rolling under his weight, to crouch over John with his erection jutting down into the air, ducking his head down so that they can kiss.
"I don't feel silly, exactly," John says. It comes out rough: he clears his throat. "I like it, with you," he says, very quietly. "I like doing this with you."
"Of course not," John murmurs, rubbing down over his collarbones, and Sherlock gives a little impatient noise and kneels up to push at his own pajama bottoms, which have got twisted rather awkwardly and were pointless to begin with. "What about the chaps?" John asks, and Sherlock says, "
Sherlock nods, and John laughs. "What?" Sherlock asks, chins crumpling offendedly, but John shakes his head.
"You—you can trust me," John says: inadequate, helpless; and too fast Sherlock whispers, "I do": and aching all over John shakes his head and asks, "Can I trust you?" and Sherlock flinches back like John's hit him.
shaking: John struggles up onto his elbows. "Sherlock," he says; but Sherlock shakes his head, violently; and then puts his mobile in his pocket; and then takes it out again; he sets it on the table between their chairs but he's shaking so hard that he drops it: "
Won't meet his eyes, will he? Looking down at the baseboards like an errant schoolboy and taking a breath air on John's back and his tongue and all at once a weighted, indescribable feeling, doors: opening, and he presses up onto his toes. An impulse. The hot tender edge of Sherlock's red cheek, rough with day-old whiskers; and caught in John's fingers, still, the bird-breast thrum of his lovely, angular wrist.
"Yeah." Delirious, nearly. John cups his hand around himself again, with some vague malformed notion that it is in some way protective. "I want you to," John whispers, and Sherlock kisses his bent-up knee.
Sherlock kisses over his shoulder: John twists. "If," Sherlock says, thick, "you're going to be nice and loose all day." Into John's mouth. Hand under his hand.
"How hot it was, mostly," John admits. "To think about it like—like we were really." He inhales, slow. "I thought about how wet you made me," he confesses, very low; and Sherlock's breath catches. Stills.
"I could live without kissing you," John says, as steadily as he can. He could do. "I don't want to," he says, "but I could." But he would. "But I can't—I can't live with wondering how I'm hurting you because you won't tell me, Sherlock. I
He slides his arm tight around John's middle, though. Pulling him close: they stick together; lovely. Delirious: body to body. He's so warm.
, and then give John two big eyes and fine raised eyebrows, her mouth rounding out in an actorly shocked-wide "o". Smirking back, John slides his mobile back into his pocket, as Denise says, "I've already got the release date marked on my calendar"; and Natalie says, "We've
John's breath—he gasps. Pushes back—can't m—but rocking and rocking until tongue loosened he moves, has to—moving his mouth but he—can't, no sound—
"I want you to finish rinsing off," John says, unsteady, "and then I want you to get into pajamas, and sleep for at least four hours, and I want you to sodding
He stops. He swallows, swallows; reaching for his tea. Trying to wash away that last awful clump of sandwich, still a heavy hard lump in his throat.
"Of what?" George asks, and John tilts his head back, blinking up at the wavering ceiling. A flat, shadowed white.
"Twice a day's a bit more than I can manage on the regular, Sherlock," John says, finally. "We're not all seventeen."
"I like it, too." John licks: Sherlock shivers all over against him. "I like it," John whispers, "a lot."
"Yeah." Sherlock has to duck to get his head under the spray, then grins down at him, fringe dripping, a little sheepish; and John has to stop looking at him so he turns to the jumble of bottles on the ledge instead, hunting down the shampoo.
