“Dean, your fever’s getting out of control and you need to lie down!” Sam complains as he stood with his hands on his hips.
“Yeah, yeah- I was just confirming it that’s all, bad boy” you chuckle lazily as he watches you, a sad grin appearing on his dry lips “You know- you’re gonna have to tell them sooner or later”
“Hey? Have you gotten your stuff yet? All your blades and what not?” he questions as he balances the strap of his duffle bag, the green even more close than anticipated.
He sighs again as his eyes wander over the words; they reflect a mysterious, unshaken yearning within them as his sadness starts eating him from the inside. Something so precious and good, all of it lost because he chose to ruin
Sam hits the pistol’s grip over his head, it wasn’t strong enough to incapacitate him but it was enough to give rise to a menacingly firm throbbing laced around his neck.
I was normal, right guys?" Castiel grinned as he looked towards the other players but as a result Alex and Michael gave him one of the nastiest glares he's ever received by a man and Castiel wasn't in the mood for making enemies today.
His lavender shirt was quite tight for his already ripped physique, he had pulled up its clean, neat sleeves and to be honest; it was a blessing to all of us, I was an angel, I would know. He grazed his bottom lip with his tongue and started walking around his desk. His eyes radiated with the rising sun, creating a beautiful contrast similar to green tea and honey. I was amazed at how well crafted this man was, and the fact that i felt connected to him made it even more interesting. Honestly, this felt like dejavu, it felt as if I had compared those eyes to something before, something about him bugs me.
“Yeah, we keep getting new recruits every now and then. I just wonder if we’re not ruining their lives in the process. I mean…all of this isn’t easy”
“Of course! Haven’t you noticed how strong you’ve become? And how much you’ve begun to feel since we met? You were practically a robot then with a built in program”
His gut twisted by the memory, something unbelievably messed up happened back there and Dean's mind wandered over it relentlessly. Why was he hindered so easily?
Until his dangling hands were caught by another. Dean had shut his eyes and waited for the cold and harsh impact-but he was saved. The pain in his neck subsided and he was positioned in such a way that he was looking at the world upside down
“Some people actually say that he’s been around for quite some time, like he’s some immortal or something. Who else would come up with all of this magic bullshit?” another man responded, a little more cautious with his words, he seemed frightened.
Castiel gulps but he doesn’t feel scared anymore-he feels sure, for the first time he feels sure about what he wants to do next-no more running back for now “Since January” he breathes deeply as he takes one step closer with his cat watching them with a strange daze in his eyes.
I looked at him and took a sigh of relief, finally calming myself down. I focus my attention on dean and start moving closer, a stone cold expression on my face. Dean starts moving backwards, a frightened look in His eyes appeared, darkening the green within them.
“Okay, that’s something I suppose. Don’t push yourself now” Dean takes his hand away even when Cas was grasping onto it, Sam notices this cold exchange but avoids addressing it- he knew something was going on between them- but he’d find out on his own time, even if they didn’t intend on telling him.
“I just got caught up in this book, and then I just…I don’t know. Let’s just focus on finishing this job”
He starts going through one of his bags and finds the black journal there, he skipped through his ancient entries and found a blank page and tore a piece out. He fumbles with his pencil and scribbled his message, hoping in his heart that Dean would forgive him for not listening to him once more.
"You don't remember, do you?" I spoke, as I turned to see his back. His shoulders looked tense and rigid, his breathing had stopped momentarily and I was losing my patience completely.
"..I" he managed to say without fail. I smiled at him, pretending to be hopeful; I wanted to know so bad, I wanted to have him back, I wanted my Cas back.
Dean stops and coughs his way into another conversation; Sam senses the hesitancy instantly but doesn’t pursue it further.
“Do you mean that?” Dean takes a step closer, the strangest emotions surging through their breaths and words- it was intoxicating them both
“O…Okay” Dean rubs his hands together and settles down onto the grass slowly, his legs almost tangled up in his own but only their knees touch-something as simple as that was enough to calm the air around them. They look up at each other simultaneously and just stare for a while, Dean with his pout and deep glares while Castiel watches back, his eyes an open book with distorted shapes and colors but still something he could understand-if only he allowed it.
“Sam, that damn thing was a gift you gave me when you were 8, and that is all. There is no hoodoo bullshit in that thing, and there never was, alright?” Dean spoke as he points towards his hand, Sam is nmoved by his words and he grits his teeth before he lets Dean speak again.
“Heh, well- I can’t say I’m shocked but…” he pushes on the wall in multiple spots until he finds a certain sharp edge within it- you stand behind him as he struggles to pull at the end “Let me” you sigh as you pull your knife out, the sharp edge completely digging into the wall slowly, you keep jabbing it inside until the piece finally falls with a thud- revealing a small, dark indentation. Dean doesn’t think twice about sliding his hand through the crevice and you try to pull it back “Dean! What are you?-” you squeal as you try to reason with your anemic brother.
Crowley sighs and shakes his head from disappointment “This isn’t my bloody job, just going back and forth between you lot” he rolls his eyes at a guilty Castiel. But he breathes slowly and responds with a gentle tone “Tell you what. I won’t rat on you-hell I won’t even mention finding you in general. I’ll stall as long as I can, maybe they’ll forget about you soon enough…”
“How can I? I saw the poor man fighting for his life by an Arachne- he would’ve been a spider by now if I hadn’t seen him during my rounds. He wasn’t bitten thankfully but-”
You ponder at his words; the strange kindness lingering in his sentence did soothe you a bit-but what answer should I give? What should I say?
“Okay! Okay! We’ll take the goddamn thing. I’ve never been a cat person though so…it’s your responsibility”
Castiel takes a basket and starts grazing through the products all around, he scratched his head at the excessiveness of it all but he only settled for the essentials, no matter how drawn he was to all the colors and labels flashing in his eyes. He procures a hand towel, 3 large bottles of water, a packet of beef jerky, two chicken sandwich wraps and the most ideal in the list-Pie. He sees the creamiest one in the dish rack and feels Dean buzz inside his bag-the nasty thing was grinning I bet-he gets the whole thing and Tupperware to place it in for the journey “Hello. Can you tell me where the next bus stop would be around here?”
“Yeah I guess we need to explain… that to him too” Dean muses as he finger guns towards them- a gesture Sam noticed instantly-he didn’t even try hiding the cringe from his face.
The dust starts to collect in your throat as you cough out the remnants from the fall- hoping nothing is lodged in as you try to get up. The pieces of concrete weren’t as heavy as you had expected as you pushed them off from your chest and your thighs- finally feeling your blood circulate the more pieces you removed. You see bubbles of black and red the more you try to focus- the dust was making it hard to see where you were and how far you were from the surface.
wanted me to be. I’ve cared for Sammy since I was fucking…my life hasn’t been kind to me-let’s just say that…I suppose”
“Now if you ever sneak up on me and stare like that again I will end you, you understand? Don't you know about personal space?” He warned him as he held his clothes to his chest and walked away towards one of the dirty tents “And go clean yourself too, I promise I wont gawk at you like some idiot” He commented as he poked his head out one last time.
“There isn’t much time left- they’ll know where I am- I need to figure this all out. I’m so sorry, to all of you” Cas began to breathe heavily, his shirt hung loosely as his chest heaved, his ribs poking out the harder he inhaled- he removed their hands and created a gust of wind around him- Sam and Dean watch ruefully as they slip from the pressure- Bobby managed to grab Sam as he started falling towards him, his hair impairing his sight completely. Shockingly Dean was the only one who managed to grab ahold of Cas, he clutched onto his clothes first and then managed to grab him by his waist- he knew he had to do something before he ended up hurting himself again. He kept ahold of him- wind and all- it was hard to even see what was going on in front of him- all he knew was that he didn’t want to let him go.
“Things will be different now, I promise you that…” He breathes into him, their breathing fails at scraping away the fear in their eyes “You’re my most cherished gift, my bludgeoned regret, my broken soldier and every shattered constellation that brightened these fragmented days…mine and mine alone, Dean. And nothing has made me happier”
“Look at that, Cassie’s flared up! Sammy boy and I know you’re mushy from the inside- a little more so for someone in particular” he winks sarcastically, sometimes Sam wonders how he managed to travel with the guy a few weeks back- but then he realizes that his obnoxious personality was missing that whole time. Castiel’s blue eyes watch with close intent but a shade of crimson starts to appear on his face- he was smart enough to turn away in time but the both of them knew already.
“Get out of my way” He reminds him as he places his hand on his chest. Dean grabs onto his wrist while his right portrays a gesture of surrender. Irritated, Cas grabbed onto Dean’s wrist instead a d tries sloping out of his grasp.
The tears start welling up again, you don’t mean for it to happen but it still comes across as childlike- this helplessness inside of you just wouldn’t stop resurfacing- you just couldn’t convey it the way you used to. Dean licks his lips and wraps his arm around you, he holds you in a tight embrace- you push away at first thinking you forced it from him but he only holds on to you more; the warmth from his touch was too intense to ignore and you just, let go. He smells of the seats and the cold, damp air around him, but still Dean.
The sun cascades over the mountains mirage with vibrancy, it's delicate texture couldn’t be captured from the spot they stood in, but the fogs that lessened around it did make it seem massive by its grandeur.
You squint your eyes at the words that confuse you so, if you didn’t know any better you were reading some form of spell or ingredients for a potion. Wolf’s-bane? Death-moth?
“We can finally rest a bit-maybe they have some pie for you to eat?” Castiel addresses to himself “I honestly don’t know why I bother walking everywhere. I know I can travel by my own means but for some reason I just don’t. Is that something to be concerned about? Becoming more human day by day?”
“You know what? This is why I wanted…all of this. The parts where you forgot about me and we were okay not knowing one another”
“You can go whine and complain about how much you wanted to change and how much you kept lying to yourself but honestly Cas, we’re all doing that. We’re all in this fucking…loop; you did what you had to-to make all of this a little bearable for yourself” he elbows you gently as he says this “but in the end it was you, Cas; the one that pulled through- the one you needed to be, the one who set things right” his smile is bright in the grey afternoon glow, you never realized how much you missed him in this one moment “That guilt of yours? It may never go away Cas; but you can sure as hell use it to heal, or maybe do something more”
The train was kept in pretty good shape even after all this time, it wasn’t as massive or terrifying as you had thought, it looked like any steam engine did back in the day but a lot smaller in comparison, the black compartments connecting like a massive black, metal caterpillar. The windows were tainted too, so dark you could hardly see what lay inside, maybe old coffins? Decayed bones or remains? The mind wandered. He remembers it being a lot more terrifying because of the way Dean had described it- bloody trails, intestines seeping out from the cart, skulls all battered and filled with every creepy crawly he could come up with at the time- he was only a kid too. It amazes you but…sometimes you forget that he ever was one- especially looking at him now, all bloody and bruised but still so full of zeal even with his tenacious self.
Castiel lets his hand rest upon his cheek and then his chin and then his lips; he kept tracing every inch of his face and wipes away the tears he so willingly let out. Usually he always restrained himself from these gestures but Castiel felt more admiration seep through his eyes the more he held him together, just like he did all those years ago.
Sam kept questioning himself again and again. He couldn’t understand why he did that, they didn’t even have a grenade launcher with them, why the hell did he...?
“Oh” Castiel feels guilty for some reason. He runs his hand through Dean’s hair and pokes him on his side. He reacts to it and meets Castiel’s warm gaze “I’ll give you compliments every day. Maybe that will make up for all the years you didn’t get one”
“I’m gonna go out and get some food, maybe even do a pie run?” Sam jokes back and hears Dean hum in a childish way; he feels himself smile and pops his head outside to see whether Dean was actually keeping his word this time.
was setting him off the edge- but at the same time he feels a melancholic ache in his chest, his hands, almost all over his freckled arms and bruises, no matter how much he tried he always felt him- anywhere and everywhere- it was intoxicating him- his essence, his eyes, his wavering smile- all of it, he just found it so hard to bear. He couldn’t stand it, all of this- this confrontation- this strange gape in his abdomen, as if bleeding from the inside- breathing in the blood and the pieces that die within him.
“Hey” Castiel laughs and starts twirling his fingers above Dean, his claws ready to scratch his skin at any given moment “He’s just…afraid. Like me”
Crowley was no help, Sam scoffs as he scrolls through the internet for something new again- if spells and incantations weren’t able to trace him then this was the only way left-he was slowly losing it as he watches the same roads, cars, restaurant feeds play by. Out of frustration he shuts the screen and lies back in his chair as he waits for the throbbing in his head to die out. His phone buzzes on the table and he darts towards it-it was a voice message from Dean.
Sam's foot paused mid air as he was about to kick a rather heavy looking stone, he turns around and looks at his brother’s hands and watched where they pointed, he started walking towards it without any hesitation.
Sam furrows his brow and places his hand on his heaving chest, the twinkle in his eyes was replaced with his wavering sanity, Crowley just wanted him to leave before he self destructs.
Dean couldn't contain himself, he was so exasperated by his relief that he refused to move his head from his chest, it's so brief and slow but it's there, Sammy is okay. He was going to be okay.
Sam unconsciously shoved his hand into his pants pocket and pulls the necklace out. He rubs the slightly sharper ends with his thumb and contemplates, his eyes fearful from the ideas creeping into his mind.
He sees an empty beer bottle burst open the spot he was in a few seconds before, the shards scatter all over and even manage to reach the ends of his shoes- he remained unharmed of course- but the confusion on his face said so otherwise.
Dean wipes his hand all across his face- he wasn’t crying but it was hard to tame his tears for such a long period of time, especially if there are two sets of eyes watching you closely.
"I know!" He answers back and focuses on the road without even flinching, somehow he felt like a completely different person and Dean was nothing but thankful for it.
The truck slowly drifts into a rugged stop, Dean turns the keys one-two-three times but it refuses to start up. He flicks the fuel gauge to see if it had been screwing with him this whole time, to his amazement it hadn't. He deliberated in his tired skull whether running in on foot was a good idea, especially if he had an unconscious crazy person to handle along the way but anything would seem plausible if Sam was on the other line of the thread. He hesitates, hesitates and hesitates even more...
"I can't believe you've forgotten what you said to me" I whispered to myself, making sure I was loud enough for him to hear.
You push on the break with force and make everyone but yourself topple over- Sam grabs onto the backside of your seat while Crowley grabs onto the headrest of his own- a demonic little koala grasping for his life. Castiel is the only one who loses his balance completely and lets his arms dangle in mid-air until you manage to grab and pull him in with your right hand. He falls onto you and hits the bridge of his nose on your chest, your breathing rugged and rhythmic as he shakes his head from the sudden collision. He looks up at you with a wounded gaze, his cheeks red from the encounter. You breathe slowly and look at him back with a little head tilt to keep his eyes fixated on you “Well, sorry for the intrusion but we’re he-” at this sentence Castiel hesitantly pushes himself off of you; his embarrassed eyes still locked onto…
“That’s what I’m counting on. If we got our memories back then he must’ve too- he was the only one who saw what happened last- I dunno why but he did”
Dean blushes even more with his eyes wide but this time he doesn’t hide, even if he really wanted to “Damn it stop being so…” Dean grasps onto the ends of Cas’ hair and pulls him into a kiss, his mouth is warm and demanding even this early-it didn’t bother him, he only felt more connected to him when he initiated the kiss-his mind in complete shambles by the overwhelming desire that swells up. Dean pulls him in closer as he bites his lower lip and lets his tongue linger within his shaking lips-he could sense Cas’ nervousness even if his arms are laced around him-he felt the same way, he just didn’t want him to think he was being a complete idiot around him. He knows how hopeless he could be with things like this and how easy it was for him to break it all apart.
“Well, I guess the people tried to evacuate before the city got devoured by the Collapse’ Dean replied as he scratched the back of his head, he looked at Castiel’s curious face and waited for him to come up with another question, which luckily he did.
Castiel finally got out of his daze and realized that Dean was approaching him, out of fear he positioned himself in a defensive stance before he could get any closer. Dean clearly looked annoyed and he smacked his arms away and placed his hand on his neck, his thumb gentle on the bandage.
He steps into an open space, there were no walls nor a ceiling, the floor completely cut off only a few steps further from him- he stares at the weeds and grass that emerged from the ground- it hid almost everything- everything that went down all those years ago. He felt disgusted for some reason, how something so massive can also be forgotten- completely erased- how easy it was to fuck everything up, how easy it was to end their lives but not end your own? How his cursed self still stood here regardless of trying, trying so hard to forget everything.
There he lay upon the ground, his trench coat dirty at the ends with the sleeves pulled over his elbows, revealing his strangely pale looking skin in the moonlight. His hair glows by the night sky, completely disheveled and out of control-something befitting of him.
He bites his lips and shuffles through the small opening between the sand bags, his hands shaking even in his pockets. He walks into the carpeted tent and sees the back of the captain, the sigil of a golden wolf neatly stitched on his back, just as he had remembered seeing it the first time.
He feels something stop the brisk wind from tickling his back, someone with a large stature no doubt. He feels the person force a hard metallic surface on the back of his head, he was too familiar with that surface to know what was going on, it had been a while since someone pointed a gun at him.
"Cas, no way in hell am I going to leave you. You won't be left alone like you were before, i may be scared about us but I'm going to protect you, no matter what the cost. So please don't say these kind of things again, okay?." He breathed as he patted my head.
The river glows blue and green with slivers of gold from the sun. The grass was bleeding out hues of flaxen sands with hints of chartreuse melting in the middle. Sam’s eyes glitter by the water’s reflection and his body feels at ease the more his eyes wandered, picking up every trace of dirt, stone and hopefully fish that lingered within the depths.
“Not if I use you first” Dean answered in a sinister yet lighthearted tone. Castiel squinted slightly and glared at Dean-he wasn’t kidding, regardless of the smile he wore on his face.
He reaches the end of the hall and peeks from the corner, two seater sofas faced a worn out fireplace, it didn't seem like it had been used for eons. Everything was made of wood but a few shades lighter than his room. On his left was a dining area, a worn out table with a few chairs lined up with it, a single plastic vase sat in the centre with some incense sticks, almost everything had strange symbols carved into them- none of them unscathed.
Sam’s breaths slither through my collar and it sends an unsettling warmth down my back, it doesn’t bother me but I feel helpless as I try to calm him down somehow “You’re okay. Just breathe. I think it’s over”
“Maybe I should’ve just left you in that den! Maybe your death would’ve been easier for me to accept than this whole fucking-“  he gets aggressive even in Sam’s grip- he wanted to get his hands on Castiel- who was frozen still, he looks down on the floor, his head hangs low- the veins in his neck throbbing with zeal, for a second Sam thought that each throb reflected a blue glow- but he was just imagining it.
“Our chance?” Dean breaks his silence as he speeds up; Sam looks at the acceleration with caution “Why are you so hell bent on saving our asses? What are you trying to hide from us?”
Sam hated every bit of it, the constant drabble between unknown places and people, the lack of resources in general and a temperamental brother who just...it just didn't feel the same that's all. He knew how necessary it was for the both of them, it just got a little...you know.
His body started shaking vehemently, limbs and arms flaying like a scarf in the wind- he was screaming, the loudest you’ve ever heard him scream- so vulnerable and childlike in his demeanor but still undergoing so much excruciating pain, just too much of it. His neck made demonic twists and cracks, it was as if he was fighting against a seizure that took control of his entire vessel- the protruding black and blue veins stemming from his collar bone was so demented that you wanted to close your eyes, if only your tears would let you.
Sam took one last glance towards his sleeping brother and he left the room, closing the door softly behind him.
His eyes started to squint, I think I confused him even more; he sat uncomfortably in his seat and just looked confused.
“Those black cloud things left a week or so ago- I found this place after getting separated from my group- essentially I needed shelter and I managed to find this building to hide in until my group came back but I ended up seeing those evil demons that people kept talking about-I honestly think the word demon is an understatement just FYI- and I kept myself hidden since then. I bet they saw me but somehow they didn’t react? They seemed kinda panicky and weird”
“And?” Dean eyes him again and this time he does look up, his stare a lot darker than he had wanted.
Sam slowly opens his eyes while Dean keeps his head low- he feels a strange humming and ringing appear in front of his brother- something very familiar to him.
Cas turns around instantly even if every bone in his body was telling him not to- but he could never admit to himself that Dean’s voice always drew him back somehow.
“Sam? I don’t like how you’re breezing over this issue so easily but for your sake I’ll let it slide for now- because in the end I’m glad you’re safe”
“I have nothing to tell you so if you could please get off of my property…” Crowley sneered as he raised his eyebrows and walked away, he stood by the door and told Sam to leave. Sam pouted angrily but he did not move. Crowley looks astonished, almost like his whole bloodline was insulted. He grasps onto his glass fiercely, keeping his temper under control but Sam still continued “I saw what happened that day, with that man. And all I want to know is where you found this. I swear”.
He slides his hand around my waist, the rustling of my coat invaded our ears as he pulled me in closer and buried his head in my left shoulder. His other hand also gripped me from my back, his embrace was warm and full of longing. I could tell that he needed someone this badly, I was afraid I might break him if I touch him. Dean smelled of old beer and cologne, his scent had a euphoric effect on me in an instant, words could not describe how happy I was inside his arms.
Dean starts to trace Castiel’s chest and stomach under his shirt and he jolts a bit by the contact, they laugh in unison and Dean only kisses him more-he sees the want in Castiel’s eyes and it’s making him lose his mind “Stop making me laugh, you’re distracting me” Dean chuckles and starts tracing his kisses on his neck “How do you expect us to get anything done if you’ll keep giggling like an idiot?” he grins as he nips at his skin.
"Then why is yours the only one that exists? Why does it say that you've died when I see you standing in front of me? Is this someone else? Why do I know that it was you? What the hell is going... On?" Castiel smacks his forehead and falls lethargically, he would've fallen even more if Dean didn't interject and catch him. Castiel looks lifeless, as if something was draining him.
The lump subsides as a few tears fall from his cheeks, he stares at the water, the sky, the dirt caught under his finger nails, he tries to think through it all but…it just leaves him numb inside.
He gulps the excessive bile in his throat and shuffles away from Castiel, he couldn't read through them, not again. Dean covers his eyes and exhales immensely while Castiel remained in his corner and starts rubbing his thumb over the other, what was going to happen?
Dean walks back to the truck, his footing firm and more steadfast than usual- Sam marks the location with a pencil and starts to pull the contraption apart. With his belongings he makes his way back to the truck as well, his steps burying into the dirt the more he tried to walk faster.
“Not a lot, no. But I heard about this one recently so I thought I’d give it a shot-brush up on some of my readings that aren’t for lifting curses or spells for once”
It has been several years since I came to this world, everything that used to amaze me before was now just a distant memory locked away in my brain. I've had much more experience and adventures than any of these individuals who stood before me, but alas I couldn't remember any of them, I never knew them, and they never knew me, and I preferred it that way.
“Please don’t do this- not now when…” Dean shields him from the pieces of concrete that keep falling on him “There’s nothing we can do…not right now”
“Sam- we have to get- Cas won’t be-” he sees his almost broken glare towards the horizon- his grasp leaving Sam immediately as he walks away quickly towards a double door connecting to the main building “Dean! Wait-” Sam extends his hand and grabs his arm in time- the hesitancy from his eyes completely gone, Dean watches him with an annoyed grimace- the urgency and impatience in his gestures excessively evident.
“You are worth saving, the days may end and the earth may collapse again but you will always be worth saving, Dean Winchester” Castiel cradles his face in his shaky hands, he doesn’t know why he feels so nervous around him even though this all feels so natural to him, to just hold him the way he wanted to. Dean places his hand upon Castiel’s flushed face, so blue were the eyes that clutch onto his heart strings that call out to him. There is an emptiness inside of him as he watches Castiel this way with his fear rising in his chest; this was all too good to be true.
“You know you’re just repeating these unhealthy habits all over again, Dean. Cas wouldn’t want this”
“Scum. Wise ass. Dumb ass. Shit head. Bastard” Castiel went on and on and on until Dean laughed and told him to stop. They remained quiet after that and they felt themselves be drifted away by the slow wind and the warmth of the small fire that separated them. Castiel turns and looks at Dean again, he notices the bruised uneasiness in his eyes and he was somewhat hesitant over addressing the thoughts Dean kept away. He was so hard to read sometimes but he always had an intuition about these things.
They walked casually towards the small gathering, there were relatively more people here this time around and Sam is perplexed and worries whether they were too late for the trade. Dean took a sharp turn towards his left and Sam stumbles behind as he bit his lip impatiently, Dean gestured towards a man in his 40’s wearing a brown cardigan over his large belly, the man recognized them and started to walk towards his table underneath his tent.
Dean’s playfulness dimmed down a bit when he mentioned his name, but there was this strange eagerness that lingered beneath the surface “So come on, let’s go in and check it out, we’ll get the angel and leave”
“Come here” Dean walks slowly and pulls him towards the bed with just a gentle touch from his fingers in Cas’, it was difficult to ignore him especially with his affectionate gaze “You look tired-I know angels don’t sleep but…” Dean glances hesitantly.
The hall cut towards the right and the left; instinctively you go right, knowing that Sam would be somewhere in that direction. The heels of your shoes place themselves softly on the marble floor as you zoom through the suffocating hallway until you reach another curve. Two doors exist on both the left and right, you place your hands and push on the first one on your left.
“I love you too” He doesn’t even let Cas react before he pulls him into his lips again, Cas’ eyes were wide at first but the longer they kissed the more he felt them close-this was ideal. All of this was ideal.
“What?!” Sam turns towards him as he stands, his movements startle Dean but his eyes grew brighter the longer he kept talking to himself- reveling in information that he delayed on conveying. Castiel stands up as a response too, for once during all of this Crowley and him share a look of concern, but he ruins the moment by winking at him-he had no time for his antics but what else could he do when Sam and Dean are off gallivanting through their own machinations?
Sam calls out to him but Dean doesn't respond. Sam blinks; frustrated by his brother’s antics he swallows his anger and forces himself to be calm, he places his hand on the top of the table, dragging the amulet along with him and starts walking towards his chambers silently.
Dean was shaken by the sight, the ground around him feels unstable and an unavoidable jolt pulls the both of them down. He hears cuts tearing through the air as the shadowy figures on the ground vibrated. Dean doesn't wait and he starts to run, no matter how badly he struggled. Rocks and pebbles dug into his boots as he strafed from the scene and bolted towards the truck, his body felt electrified by the quakes underneath him, he dreads every second of this and he wanted nothing more than to run away. He loads his brother into the front seat, Sam's head made a loud noise as it hit the dashboard when he slipped from Dean's shaky fingers; he'll remember apologizing for that later if he ever brings it up. He loses his balance for a little while but he gets back up, doing this strange ape like bounce and crawl as he does so.
Cas lay asleep facing towards him, his hair disheveled and his brow loose and relaxed. Dean lies behind him with his arm wrapped around Cas’ waist, there was almost no space on his bed but they still slept peacefully, twitching sometimes from the deep sleep and at every twitch Dean would pull in Cas closer and buried his nose in his shoulder. The sheet that covered them wasn’t massive but it covered both of them equally.
“I never had fun, and you know that. I’ve always confided in you regarding their tactics but you never really did anything to stop it”
“CROWLEY! LOOK AWAY” Castiel shouts in the spinning room but this time you humbly oblige as you stand next to him, your eyes shut and immediately erasing the image of the blood thirsty leeches and demonic entities coming towards you. Castiel places his hand in the air and a ringing blue light starts to shake the room even more- his eyes ablaze by his powers and the severity of it all- Crowley held back his curiosity for a little while until he gradually opened his eyes. The wind disperses from the sound of their cries as the seething light disintegrates every fathomable atom of the creatures. One half of it still lingered with its prostrated limb reaching out to us, but that too atomizes by Castiel’s beam of light and ebony black wings-so broken and bruised they seemed even in their grandeur.
Dean lets out a laugh as a tear leaves a shadow on his flushed cheeks-he hadn’t cried this much in years. Castiel was bringing out the sobbing mess he worked so hard to shove away but letting it out this way was bringing them even more closer to one another. Castiel settles himself on Dean, he feels the heaviness of his body on his aged bones and he feels a warmth course through him-sometimes in crashes and sometimes in mellow waves-all of it was Cas.
“I’m begging you Castiel, I know it’s too much to ask but I honestly don’t have anything left if Sammy’s gone. Please, you have to help me... or else I'll beat the living crap out of you and make you
"I think it's the 7th or 8th of January now..." Castiel speaks softly as he dwells over the time gap from Sam's entry. He watches Dean bite his lower lip anxiously.
“Ah! I forgot my book in the car” Sam scurries over to the car again and tilts his head in front of the window.
Dean’s eyes wander over him, his tears now free as it burns his cheeks-he wants to reach out to him but he can’t move, he can’t even speak, what could he do? Castiel lifts his head up slowly, his eyes ablaze and reflecting the most profound of blues as they stab into him, a stab he willingly accepts. Something emerges from his back, something black and massive unfurls as he stands wistfully. He’s unfazed by its opulence while Dean just stares in awe- his green hues shining the brightest of all. He sees his wings stretching out for miles above him and refused to stop, the black feathers are now coated with specks of color, he sees reds, blues and pinks and any color he could fathom in his shattered mind, he sees the sun, the galaxies, fireworks crashing into him, an endless kaleidoscope within his grasp, if only he could just touch them, if only he could just hold him together.
“You don’t trust me? I don’t care that you do- I only care about the matter at hand and how I can set things right. So even if you don’t trust my intuition or my motive- know this much, Dean; I wouldn’t be here, I would
“It’s…it’s my grace. It’s there and I know I still have it but for some reason…it’s somewhat muddled with the rest of me. I don’t really…feel like an angel anymore”
“Every damn waking minute since this shit fest began, I spent my whole life with the damn thing, with dad, you and-”
“Tread lightly, Crowley. This is not the time to address something like this” he warns you as he takes a few steps closer with his calm tone.
“Dean?” A lost voice traces its way towards you but you don’t move-you just don’t feel like it that’s all. The heavy shuffling of feet reaches my back and I feel a gust of wind as they fall to their knees too, their large arms lace around my waist and pull me into an embrace. Their head falls on mine, their recognizable brown locks tampering with my vision the moment they did “Dean?” He talks through a stifled sob.
“You were feeling it back at the bar” she coos into his ear and waits for him to react to her touching “I thought you wanted to lay off some steam the way you kept forcing yourself on me” She pushes on further and tries to rile some emotion out of him, but he stands motionless.
"Sam is overall fine, slightly underweight I'll admit but...I don't really know what this is. I've dealt with unconscious people before but...this is just something that's out of my hands. I wish Dean and I could say something more but-"
He shakes his thoughts out and his grin fades away. The fire pit was poorly constructed- not his finest work really. The fire wasn’t as massive as he’d hoped but even so the small blaze made him feel much safer, especially after what he had encountered back at the nest.
“He better- we have the same name. This bunker isn’t big enough for two Dean’s anyways” he jokes as he pulls Cas in by his arm. Castiel escapes his grasp before he could hold him “Well that would make it easier for me to choose”
Dean was standing in his boxer briefs, bending over his duffel bag and rummaging through it, all the while completely dripping wet. He was completely unfazed by how wide his blue eyes were, instead he looks back with a playful smile plastered on his face
“Guess I have to do it the traditional way” Sam pushes himself out of his seat and shuts the laptop off. Sam wanders to Dean’s room and starts fiddling with the things in his drawers until he found the object of interest. He pulls the runic lighter out of his drawer but is fascinated by a small wooden box tucked away in the corner. He didn’t remember seeing something like that in his room-was this new?
He grabs Dean’s face gently and places him to the other side of the car, Dean moaned a bit while he did that but he didn’t wake- he never slept so deeply and even Cas knew, how is he not reacting? Sam watched Castiel slide out and instantly shields himself from the grey sun.
There was a vortex forming at the cliff’s edge, you shielded yourself from the sand and pebbles slamming into you- almost causing you to lose your balance. Your trench coat blew tremendously and you took it as an opportunity to unsheathe your blade once more, this time with more ferocity. The vortex melted and began parting from it’s core, black disembodied forms started to emerge in midair- a few streaks of limbs and boneless anatomies brood over you, almost 5 feet high than yourself. Then came the lifeless skulls- they poured out of the oozing black that acted as a neck and stretched out menacingly, it didn’t take you long to recognize the one in the middle while the other forms lurked and observed, almost childishly.
The cold breeze was hitting my face as I ran through the empty streets,  my feet felt swollen inside my brown shoes even though i had no physical activity whatsoever. I pull my trench coat closer to my skin so that the wind doesn't hit me directly.
“So what, you’re saying those things are riding him? Wearing him everywhere he goes and controlling him?” Dean burst out with frustration- Sam knew he wasn’t directing his emotion towards anyone but it still shook him up a bit when he did that.
“I want to know” Castiel’s eyes look around as he holds Dean tightly, ignoring the grunts from the demon who’s sitting beside him.
“Something is… something isn’t right” Castiel turns and holds his head from the throbbing pain- he watches the three of you wait on him, acting like a crazed lunatic with his arms flailing about “Don’t stop- we need to move- I sense them… they’re…they’re” he mumbles as he grabs Sam by the shoulders and watches him in disdain- Crowley looks around with the beads of sweat moistening his forehead, his eyes bulging with an unknown intensity.
Sam could sense the slightly hostile tone you spoke in but he obliged and just nodded in response. The room was shrouded in darkness with a slight chill in the air, it felt lathery on your skin and bones
“What? What does that fur ball have that I don’t?” Dean muses as he runs his hands through his spiked up hair.
, Cas. I’m asking you to stay” he smiles as he stifle a cry trying to escape “So…what’s it gonna be?
He stood near a brittle looking tree and slowly caresses his strapped on carry on bag, the weight of it brought him down in the dry summer heat. He sighs at the greyness of the earth and the constant fear he felt in his heart. He purses his lips and grinds his foot into the rocky ground, he does this motion for a solid minute before he hears a voice pull him out from his boredom.
“I lied! I lied this whole time! About not knowing what I was doing! I pledged and pledged that I was going to protect you and Sam and that I was going to make things alright by consuming their powers and rewriting everything! But this damn vessel…this body? It kept failing on me the more essence I took. I was too weak to protect you when they attacked the first time and…I just…couldn’t? I just couldn’t see any other way but
Dean shuffles away and starts straightening up his bed. He pulls the box away and walks toward his desired spot to place it, Castiel’s eyes follow him until he lay his head down on his pillow and watches the cat roll up into a ball in front of him. He smiles and turns to pick his music player from the side, the headphones still dangling lazily around it. He sees the tape beside it and takes it too. Castiel fumbles a bit with it but he finally managed to find the button that opened the slot, he’s watched Dean play tapes in his car all the time but to actually figure it out yourself was a feat on its own-he slid it in gently and clicked play.
Your eyes scan the gigantic room with tossed auburn tables and chairs. The wide rectangular windows lit up the whole place, plastic grey food trays were lined up neatly behind a glass covered stall, you’re not sure what it's called but it's where humans would get their food, like in those high school movies that Dean would make fun of.
Ugh, my damn migraines had started again. Why did I remember this? What was so damn familiar about the rain?. I walked through the palely lit hallways and I reached my class, only to see that it was already empty. Maybe I was really losing my mind.
“You’ve been more than useful Bobby, all those years with us, all these days now- especially with the Ijiraq debacle- you don’t have to feel like you owe us anything. We just want you to have these days of peace, because whatever happens…”
"Crowley, I know I'm just talking way, way out of line here but what if everything was true? That our memories before the Collapse are slowly fading away? And it's those things that are responsible for that? The guy- you- the one who took the amulet in the first place even he... His.... It's all gotta mean something Crowley! I know that... That thing is doing something to us and it won't stop until we're gone for good! You have to think over this at least once! We couldn't have just come together like this if it weren't for a reason"
“Yeah okay, but that little one needs something. He’s just skin and bones!” she coos towards the drowsy fuzz and pulls on Joe’s sleeve “You don’t have to stay for long but it won’t hurt to have some warm clothes and food. We’re heading there right now so, what say?” she beams in the rosy lighting, her brown eyes careening all over his hesitant face.
He feels sad again, just dwelling over his thoughts made him feel that way- he kept wondering about what Sam and Dean were doing after he left- he knew they would be driven to search for him- and that’s what he wanted to avoid most. He kept thinking about that one poem he read- just the irony of it was baffling to him. He feels erased and incomplete; he watches the trees again- struggling to keep his nails from digging into his skin- he wishes for so many things that should’ve ended his life- he wishes it even now; just like he has these past 6 years but this time it was different. He looks at his clothes, so disheveled and disgusting on his even uglier body- he felt nauseated just feeling it brush on his skin.
You lower it, squinting as you do so “Relax, he’s just around the corner from here, and I have my angel blade remember?”
The monster suddenly jerked by the truck's engine and stopped dragging it's victims for a little while. Dean was hesitant as he changed gears and rushed in a panic; he turned it around and started placing immense pressure on the pedal as he pushed through this unfathomable fear. Dean kept on driving as he looked at Castiel momentarily to see if he was still breathing. By bustling and ramming through the bushes and thick branches Dean finally found the road and started to speed up even more than before. Once he felt the dusty cold wind in his face and the pulse in his hands again he turned around to see how much distance he had covered between the nest and him. Dean was relieved to see that nothing was following him along as he kept on driving, he grinned at the sudden peace that surrounded him and he patted on Cas’ knee as he kept on driving onwards where the hills began to appear.
We hear his subdued cries as he digs his nails into his hands-it hurts him but he pays no heed to it, to anything that would remotely bring him back
Dean walked out, his eyes swollen and his body shivering; he glares at him angrily and was about to start rambling again before Sam took the first step.
“We need to hide- NOW” he turns abruptly and grabs the both of you by your arms “something is wrong- it’s not- I don’t have time to explain”. Crowley watches both of you be dragged away into the nurses’ quarter and follows quickly.
He hears your frozen footsteps upon the ground and turns to look in your direction, the worry in his eyes fading away and suddenly turning into something else. Something unfathomable but welcoming
A man walks out wearing a pale green bomber jacket, a dusty black undershirt and black jeans. His leather boots were up to his ankles and with it a small knife protruding from its side. He gives off a wide smile, the wrinkles around his eyes deepening- almost with the most malicious intent.
Dean clenches his fists upon his knees, the nails digging deep into his dull blue jeans and the shakiness of the legs that emerged soon after- Bobby notices the tolerance in his eyes and how much he’s struggling to keep it intact.
A moose was tangled up in a fishing net, it crossed over it's thick neck and it looped all the way around it’s back legs. The large net was also attached to a massive green metallic container which consisted of black garbage bags; Dean sighed exhaustingly as the worry started to fade from his face. Castiel held in a laugh because he knew his timing couldn’t be any worse.
He feels the bile in his throat rise and continues onward without saying anything further. His lips are pursed and dry as he treks through the lifeless woods. He knows fully well that anyone could hear him, the anxiety from it all made him clench onto his clothes even more.
"You don't need to thank me boy. But what you do need to do is turn around and look at me when I'm talking to you"
“Need something?”  Dean jokes, immediately regretting it because his headache reemerged soon after. “Well, I was trying to stay quiet but I guess that was a failure on my part” Bobby chuckles as he turns his head to look at him- he looks more tired than before, heavier eye bags on his round face and an untrimmed beard covering most of it. He smiles weakly and drags a wooden stool towards the left side of the bed- before he sits he places the back of his hand on your forehead- after he’s satisfied he hums and sits down.
His eyes breathe into his again, a faint glimmer in the fog they stand in now. Where they stand is somewhat of a blur, nothing stood out- nothing important. But he stood in front of him-real and complete.
They were…they were standing right there-where everything began- the edge a bottomless rift ready to swallow you in-he feels the dread resurface in the pit of his stomach. But there’s something here? Something that’s resonating in the air, someone was calling out to him, very,
Dean shrugs with hesitation and turns around to moan softly “Ugh, I suppose I do need to take a break every now and then. I guess it would be alright, I don’t think wendigos munch on angel meat too often” he snickers childishly and turns his head to show the ridiculous grin on his lips
He lets out a tormented scream and he throws the trinket towards Sam’s direction  but it ended up splashing in the puddle near him, Sam closed his eyes and held in his breath until he heard his dragging feet fade away.
“Fuck!” he grasps onto his hair and pulls gently, the emotion and the sound just booming in his ears “I can’t believe it had this song… I haven’t heard it in…” Even with his trembling voice he knew he had to reason with himself, he just couldn’t help it.
You see the roads zooming past you again with Sam snoozing peacefully behind- Dean drives the truck with less intensity than before- for some reason he wanted you to sit in the front seat this time as he pushed Crowley away. Even the smallest gesture like that made you contemplate over every decision you’ve made in your life here on earth. A smile breaks upon your drained face as he awaits your answer; you felt like talking to him right now for some reason and Dean felt the same even with his mammoth brother shuffling in his sleep.
“What do you think is going on with me? Because whatever it is there’s nothing to worry about. I’m fine”
Castiel is frozen above him with his mouth agape, for once he was at a loss-he…doesn’t know what to say.
“Cas, you got your ears on? Well, how couldn’t you? Shit, I know how big of a perv you are- even if it took me two tries to see how much you like to stalk on people who aren’t looking…”
“What do you want me to say?” Castiel finally spoke, the usual cordial tone he always had was now replaced with repressed anger, Dean watches him strictly- he tried hiding his disappointment but it was proving to be a difficult task, and even Cas could tell.
But before you could answer completely he was already off of the carrier and making his way towards the others- you stare at his slouched shoulders and the sullen expression he wears. Dean readjusts the items from their bags as Sam turns to look at you and then look away- his lips moving- most probably asking something.
"A-and then- the- the angels, they started to fall. The flames, they- they just fell, like it was nothing!" I cried. My vision started to blur as my eyes were filled with my tears. They started to flow out and I couldn't control it,  the strain in my head began to grow. "After that, everything went white, all I could hear was Sammy's screams and nails being scratched over a chalkboard, it felt like the Apocalypse for a second, and in all of that turmoil I opened my eyes while the unimaginable was happening. And there, I saw you." I spoke calmly, tears still running down my face. Cas had been silent throughout this meeting, and his lack of presence started to scare me.
“You look so adorable here. We need to take more pictures together” Dean’s cheek is in Cas’ ruffled up hair, his breaths are gentle upon his scalp and he welcomes his touch as he loses himself in the photograph-why did he feel so distant from the trench coated angel smiling away? Why did he stop smiling like that?
"Castiel" I answered. At that he furrowed his eyebrows and widened his eyes, his lips moved as if he tried to say something but he resisted. I never made eye contact with anyone before but with him I couldn't look away, we kept staring at each other for quite a long time until we realized what we were doing. Dean started to feel awkward and he cleared his throat while his eyes moved away, but mine never left his face. "Okay Cas, do you mind if I call you that? Because Castiel is a bit too jesusy for me" He asked quite frankly. "I don't really care, as long as I'm identified correctly" I answered.
Sam finally comes to a stop and he straightens his back lazily, his swollen eyes and brittle lips make him look as if he was being possessed, as if someone tortured it and then just left it out to dry. Crowley nods and has an annoyed grin on his face, Sam remained corpse like for a few minutes more until he sniffles slightly; he tears up as he pulls the amulet out of his pocket and lets it graze the palm of his hand.
“So what now, Crowley? Is there anything else that can be done? We know that Cas is more than capable enough to deal with those monsters but the thing is how do we stop him from doing something we know nothing about? We have very limited intel about them and the more we try to find out the farther away Cas gets from us.” Sam diverts his attention to Crowley, who’s cleaning under his finger nails with his back placed on a grey tree.
“TALK” Castiel’s voice echoes, his breathing rough as his irises glow amongst the wreckage “And don’t think you can escape us now”. Its cries break the stillness amongst all of them as its shadowy body starts to take form, its skull melts and takes a more circular construct with eerie lips and eyes appearing upon its moon like paleness as its red irises remain contained. Sam and Dean watch it with a knot forming inside their chest, they found its human form even more horrifying to look at, just watching it rearrange itself sent an unnerving chill down their spine.
A familiar ringing reverberates in the room, the blue of your grace emanate from your eyes and your fingertips and freezes everything in the room and for once all of it felt under your control
"Okay hotshot no need to be like that, Jesus where does Dean find these kind of clowns?" He mumbles as he placed Cas' arm around his shoulder and helps him get on his feet.
Castiel stares, the hurt just bleeding out onto his still lips. Sam keeps looking- he sees Dean’s affliction be sugar coated by his anger- unjustifiably so.
Sam laughs as he watches Dean flinch by the cold texture; he’s sitting on the hood of the car and reading his book “Whatcha readin?” Dean watches him curiously as he places both his hands on the ground beside him.
“Now is not the time Bobby! Can’t you read the room?” Dean shouts and exhorts its pressure into his hand, due to its jolt Castiel recollects himself and looks at Dean, then Sam- then Bobby and then at Dean again. The three of them hold him steadily- just trying to make sense of what they should say next- Sam knew he was the one who had to neutralize the situation because Dean had no control over himself right now- he may have tainted it beyond repair- hopefully he was wrong. Sam shares a look with him and communicates through gestures- Dean nods in response- his maturity reappearing again once more.
Almost as if he knew, Dean smiles so wide that it was borderline forced. He would try every trick in the book just to convince someone that he's all hunky dory.
“We were solving a case regarding a few kidnappings in the area; our research led us to what we assumed would be a Wendigo’s hunting ground; and you’re...not, so to speak” Sam’s demeanor changed so drastically, his hunter voice emanated in the room as he stared the creature dead in the eye, showing no sign of fear or hesitation, your heart beamed with pride and it gave you the push to stand tall alongside him.
Castiel grew cautious, he wondered if Dean was hurt but before he could approach him Dean let out a huge sigh and stretched upwards.
Crowley stares wide eyed as he gets up and faces him directly “You can’t be serious. Those two are practically begging you to come back”
“Just a little…distracted. That’s all” he clears his throat and closes his eyes as he nods exasperatedly, his gesture is a little stunted and unsure and Castiel picks up on it instantly.
“Uh- it went like this” he clears his throat, his glances shifting between Sam and Dean from time to time“...Be swallowed by the whale in the sky, watch where the snakeskins gleam, where a human’s blood grows cold, where sanity lingers only in a dream… or so it says”
“Heh-of course” Dean swallows hard and gives off a repressed laugh as he rubs his face, his teeth white in the dark as he takes one step closer too “You couldn’t even…you couldn’t even call? Do I mean that little to you ever since you got the life you wanted? Taking in strays and being a…hobo?”
, so he told me the truth, that there was another way to save my brother, it’s the least he could do after he fucked up the...it doesn't matter now” Castiel was intrigued by Dean’s mixture of emotions and gestures as the moment passed, his unnerving qualities were slowly beguiling the corners of his mind and he...felt at ease at every bit of it, all he could think in his head was
Sam felt a tumultuous worry emerge from his chest- he hadn’t even considered the possibility of Crowley not being alive, he was definitely adamant about it but somehow he didn’t want to consider it and Dean could see it from his eyes.
“I mean you’re literally the only person I know who’s come out of there alive. In one piece, Castiel! How can you say no to this especially at times like this?”
Dean places his panting self on the wall again, his eyes moist by the tumultuous screams, his shouts were so immense that his breathing pattern became so jagged and disjointed, he clutches onto his chest, forcing out the smallest plea as a tear streamed down his dampened cheeks and quivering lips
I remembered that I had to stop by the store again, I think if I beg him long enough he'll give me my job back. That's what I do every week atleast; I adjusted myself on my seat so that I could be comfortable enough for first period. Taking this crash course of media studies was doomed to failure, I had taken every single subject in this school and I had passed in none, this may be my only shot at bringing my grade up.
Dean kept dipping his jacket and his shirt in the water until he finally grew tired and stopped completely. The majority of the stains were out and Dean held them out in front of him-he shrugs with an unsatisfied growl and lays them out to dry. He stands and stares at something in front of him, almost as if he had shut down completely. He watches the water for a while until Castiel hears him shuffle out of his jeans.
He places a hand on the cracks of the opening and slowly enters, making sure his footing is firm on the rubble, he feels the tremors rise again but this time it only tickles rather than overwhelm him- his dissipated fear slowly begins to manifest again- slowly but surely he knew he was getting closer to something. He bites his lips and watches the sunlight create his shadow in front of him, so dark and grey he could barely make it out from the infernal darkness that existed within. He recognized the room instantly, it was the cafeteria- the same tables and chairs are misplaced around the floor, the glass food covers were now full of cracks and within it seamless amounts of cobwebs and spiders scurried about; Castiel walks slowly towards the center of the room, his trench coat twirls around him with lustrous fervor as he spins while watching the massive ceiling, he remembered it being massive and the solace from it was unexplainable. It didn’t seem like the world was ending, if only he could stay a little longer.
A woman enters from the bathroom door wearing nothing but a maroon bra and fitted panties, her long curly hair falling upon her sculpted body and pushed up breasts. She walks towards him, polished finger nails and all and slides them through his free hand as he downs a beer can with the other, sighing at the forced contact.
“You know your rambling is helping no one! Where the hell are we supposed to go in this maze?” Crowley bellows into Castiel’s ears as he waits for someone else to take action “This has got to be the worst plan you dumbasses have ever had!”
. His mind lingers over memories he didn’t have the energy to relive but would always willingly go back to even if it was tiring. He’s tired-he’s just so fucking tired of everything that surrounds him-the fissures in his scrambled mind widening continuously. I
“And how do we do that, pray tell?” Dean asks sarcastically, his eyes all wrinkled and red from the situation
His eyes pulsate by your remark but a sudden guilt triumphed in his glares, he tries evading your comment again “I don’t know what you’re trying to say to me Crowley”
“I…I didn’t mean to do that…I don’t know…” Castiel stammers helplessly and Dean only brings him in closer, his forehead touching his as he continues to speak “We can’t…I’ll only bring you pain and…”
“It’s only been a few months since it did, so it’s worth the risk” he answered with a smug smile on his face, Dean pondered over his words and took the pill. He kept eye contact with Castiel as he drank the slightly warm water from his flask and coughed slightly before he began to relax. Castiel sat cross legged a few centimeters away from the mattress Dean laid on; he shuffled into a more comfortable position before he spoke again.
“Huh, save it beef cake. I know the drill with you- no harm no foul. I’ll be back before you know it. And during the new guy’s initiation I’m going to push you up first, get your people skills back in order” he grins weakly as he leaves the beaten up tent. Castiel senses him leave and doesn’t do anything to stop him; he only stares at his shadow on the ground slowly slipping away.
“Cas?” Dean shudders as he tries to get his hand out of Castiel’s, but his grip was stronger than he had imagined “Castiel let go of me! What is going on?!”
He extends his hand, his fingers long as he scratches the back of his jacket, his grip upon it is weak and he feels his nails sting from the friction. Dean refuses to stop and Sam was losing himself in the fog. He lunges towards him, one final push in his legs until they gave out-he had to try, there’s nothing else out there anymore-this was the only thing left.
Even if he possessed god like features he was in no way a good teacher, actually he sucked, bad. But no one would actually go complain about it, half of our class is filled with girls and this was porn for them. I can't really say I blame them, he was quite handsome. He let us off early because he didn't want to see our *fugly* faces any longer, all the girls walked extra slow so that they could catch a glimpse of him while he waited for us to leave. I left my seat and started walking when everyone left, I hated it when it was overcrowded and it made me go rogue if anyone even bothered to see me and let me pass. I tried walking out of his class as fast as I could but it was too late.
Dean stood there, taken aback by Sam’s calm yet mature tone and he decided-for once- not to nag, he pouts and stares at the bag unconsciously
You walk carefully through the flung furniture, speeding up your pace as you jumped over and dodged some of the hurdles. You make it towards the glass cover and place your free hand on it. The dust was eating the structure alive but it wasn't enough to hide whatever was inside. The metal squares were empty, just filled with cobwebs and a few cockroaches here and there, but a small, blue object catches your eye.
“I don’t want you to be alarmed but...I really can’t remember what I used to do before any of this happened…” Castiel saw that Dean was slightly anxious by his claim and Castiel stared waving his arms frantically in order to ease the tension between them “I’m not evil or anything! But what I’m trying to say is that only minor fragments of my memories exist, its complicated I know but… I guess part of the reason I’m taking you with me is because I wanted to know if that place is the source of my past” he trailed on, Dean’s eyes reflected a child like aura and he playfully watched Castiel as he fumbled with his words excessively.
“No more…” Castiel smiles as he sighs heavily, his eyes wander over Dean’s face and cradles it one more time before he draws him close. This really was the last time he’d be seeing him, this flawed, beautiful mortal being who always drew him out even if he couldn’t do the same, this mortal being he would sacrifice himself for over and over again.
“Was it always this cold in here?” Dean licks his lips from the dryness- his legs still out of bed but not using them to get up.
“Oh, this? Just the usual shakes that’s all. Maybe because of driving all night?” He rubs his temple and sits down, his legs stretched towards his back
“DEAN!” Castiel screams as you and Sam catch a glimpse of him reaching out to you before it became dark. Instinctively, you reach out to him too but your fingers just miss each other- that small caress later and you find yourself falling, a lot deeper than you had imagined, a lot deeper than you had wished for.
sure we have everything. I can be organized when I want to be” Dean smirks as he pulls out the wicker basket and cooler. Sam turns around and laughs as he sees Dean carry the picnic basket towards him; he sticks his tongue out and doesn’t let Sam’s humor faze him from having his moment. Dean takes his glasses off and takes in the view himself; the sunlight hits his lavender plaid and black t shirt softly and sends a warmth inside him-he wants to smile but he holds back.
Castiel clamors and digs into his scalp, his fingernails a shade of red so dark. Dean struggles and pushes on the break with full force. Castiel's head collides with the dashboard and he writhes in pain trying to keep himself together. He bit into his skin and his tongue lingers with the strong metallic taste. Dean felt ambushed, unaware of what the circumstance was.
“We’re going to fix this- all of this, Dean. Together” he smiles as he shakes you from your shoulder “You, me and Cas. If everything goes right- we’ll be able to make it- we just have to take that chance, okay?”
“No Sam, I’m going to say whatever the hell I want to say because unlike him I am hurt, I am fucking hurt by his actions and how his selfishness literally led to the end of the world! Or whatever the fuck this is” Dean speaks as he points his finger at Cas with force- Sam came in between them and added some distance- Dean was shifting in his arms and telling him to stop but Sam did it anyway- and Dean soon obliged.
“Then-” Sam waves his hands in the air out of frustration “What do you want then? Can you make up your mind for once?!” his head shakes excessively with his floppy brown locks. Dean got offended after his statement and pointed at him as he spoke.
Dean traced the blade’s sharp end clean across the palm of his hand and he felt the familiar sting begin to emerge, the blood trickled off of his shaking hand and he hid the blade in the backside of his jeans, he waited for the guard to catch his scent and come by. Dean pressed on his wound and he allowed the blood to ooze out more quickly. Moments later the guard came back with his dark eyes and nostrils flaring like a hound dog. Dean could see the thirst the vamp had for the blood and he knew he wanted it bad, he pretended to be in pain and he groaned while he held his stomach and lied in a fetal position on the ground
“Sam!” he shouts and catches him off guard, shocked by his voice he turns around and smirks uncomfortably.
“Ouch” Dean places his hand over his chest for affect; Cas laughs softly with a big bag of cat food in his arms and calls the cat-the thing darted towards him as he followed him to the kitchen. Smug little bastard ignored his ass!
“What was it like? The day it all…happened?” Castiel asked with a sullen and dazed look in his eyes as he slightly frowned. Dean shuffled and got a little closer to Castiel and started staring in the same direction he was “It was complete chaos, something changed inside me and... it's something I could never forget. I thought it would take me some time to get used to it but...it stayed. Every image and every sound...it all stayed”. Castiel contemplated on Dean’s honest words and he waited patiently for him to finish.
Sam’s eyes wander over Castiel and his words- he doesn’t seem too moved or too affected- but that’s just how Sam has been for quite some time now, through most of this it really was him who dealt with the issue by grabbing it by the teeth. Dean has been struggling to do just that over the past few years.
The red twists around your torn fingers collect in the palm of your hand, it flows to the other end.
Bobby takes two steps back and picks his wooden chair off the floor, he sits in it slowly and straightens himself out. A few good silent seconds later he announces with a grimace
“Ooh, goodie” he rolls his eyes and crosses his arms as he looks out the window- all but darkness and fog lingers outside the glass “Either way we’ll be dead soon enough because of your stupid plan- or lack of it really”
“Dean, just…” Sam rubs his temples as he swallows hard and starts walking towards him slowly “I just want to know if you’re okay”
“Does it hurt?” Dean asked as he looked into Castiel’s awkward gaze, the concern melting from his moist lips
“Shut the hell up I’m fi-“Dean hacks as he tries to calm himself, he grew unstable by the second and Sam rushes towards him for support. Dean struggles to get out of his grasp but Sam grabs him from behind and carries him to his mattress by force, he threw him-not so gently- on the springy mess and glares at him lividly. Dean swallows hard and tears were welling up his eyes, he was definitely unwell.
“When did we?” you pause and run your fingers through your hair, something felt off in the pit of your stomach, your throat ran dry and no amount of swallowing was helping you ease the pain. Dean finishes with his task and turns towards you, the worry in his eyes minor but apparent. He places his hand on your forehead, his touch  featherlike and gentle upon your skin.
Dean shut his eyes and faded into obscurity, the world around him just a blur as he escaped somewhere else. He thinks of the food in his stomach, the heavy chirps of the invisible crickets, he thought of Led Zeppelin’s ‘Riverside Blues’-maybe even hummed it in his head.
“If you think I’ll be turning back after you answer; then nice try buddy. I’m going all in for this trip”
“Those beasts left a hidden message, I believe they are all regrouping some place farther from here and I only have this cryptic message to follow up on.”
They run towards them, Dean eyeing Crowley questioningly to which he nods affirmatively in response, letting the both of them know he’s alright. Dean stands in front of Castiel again and cradles his face, slapping his cheeks for a response “Cas? Cas! We need to move now! I think its buddies finally found us” he watches Sam and Crowley and tells them to start without him but as he pulls on Castiel’s hand he finds himself stuck-Dean’s eyes narrow at the obscurity and he calls out to him again “Cas didn’t you hear me? We have to move NOW” he screams as he gives up on pulling and starts shaking him from his shoulders, why is he?-
He convinces himself that he was imagining things all over again- he knows his mind is deceiving him but he couldn’t hold back-there was definitely something wrong with him as he turns his head sideways, with every instinct telling him otherwise
“What do you think might’ve happened here?” Castiel asked as he looked behind Dean and stared at the blocked up road ahead.
They hear the sound of a small metallic lock in the hallway, Bobby shares a look of uneasiness as Sam still lingers and places himself at the edge of the bed- the amulet was laced around his wrist- completely wrapping them in synchronicity.
“You never intended on saving yourself in all of this mess, did you? You knew you were going to self-destruct after or during this plan and all for what?”
The garden’s scent made him feel a little fuzzy in his head-an indescribable calm in the air that invaded him as his thoughts came spiraling back-as everything came spiraling back.
“Fine…I suppose-in their own messed up way. Last time I spoke to Sam was when Dean was away for a while-two days or so. Moose didn’t specify as to why but I could sense something was off, by the time I had contacted  him Dean had come back, the relief was practically oozing out from him- kind of made me feel a little touchy too. Heh, idiots” Crowley places his arms on the backrest and watches the sky as he breathes heavily “Dean wasn’t okay when I saw him months back when this normalcy felt new, reeking of booze and unkempt self-care or the absence of it basically. You can make me stop if you want”
Castiel laughs a bit at his comment, his tears lingering in the corner of his eye as he watches Dean endearingly. He stares back the same way, the creases around his eyes deep and his lashes golden even in this bland domain “We’re all levels of fucked up-but giving up on each other was never really an option for either of us. We saw someone
to admit it, to admit weakness? That’s not the Winchester way; it’s either shutting down or going out swinging. Nothing in between
The sound of thunderclaps jolted us out of our conversation, you turn around and see a massive hole where a door was used to be and you hesitantly walk towards it. In that moment Sam and Dean grabbed your hands, both firm and reassuring at the same time, you look at them and nod, keeping your face calm even with the rush of blood in your neck, just throbbing away every ounce of pain you felt before.
Castiel listens with his head hung low; he couldn’t bring himself to look at him this way. But Dean wanted him to, just hanging onto that sliver of hope that he would “I am…lethal to be with…hell anyone who gets to live for more than a week with me is considered a win” He clutches onto his chest “I try every fucking day to not be…and I try my damn best to not fuck shit up for once, for Sam…for you and every person that chose to have any form of affiliation with me. You know who should be ending his life right now?”
He stammers with his risen clenched hand. Dean’s lips quiver as his marble eyes look away and brushes away an invisible tear, his face flushed the more he watches him with the contempt leaking from his eyes profusely.
I left the room and sighed as I stomped into the shower, something was pissing me off, I poured a huge amount of shampoo in my hand and started to lather it in my head. The smell of lemons invaded me, damn this felt good. But since this was a quick shower I couldn't enjoy myself fully. The stupid kid was coming over, even though i was the one who invited him I still think he's to blame. Why the hell did he have to be so dumb?.
Sam shakes his head and steadily walks towards the front of the tree, he places the map from before and straightens the creases upon a flat rock and he procures three long wooden sticks that he ties to each other from one end- allowing them to stand perfectly over the map. Dean steps away from his diversion and stands behind Sam- who is twiddling with a small circular object dangling from a string “I can’t believe Bobby managed to have this contraption even after all these years, the damn hoarder” Dean comments as he crouches beside him, his chin inches away from Sam’s left shoulder.
Crowley rolled his eyes and mimicked his tone “I have no bloody clue, you ass. Like I said, I can't remember”.
“I have to try Bobby! UGH, I CAN’T KEEP PLAYING IT SAFE ANYMORE!” Dean’s voice cracks as he gets closer. Within two heavy steps he manages to reach Castiel’s body and pulls on his sleeves harshly but they came off in his hands while his body still levitated
"You know what Castiel, you're the fucking scum of the earth you know that? This is like your fifth win in a row!" Zach continued to complain as Castiel pushed all of their possessions into his dirty white tote bag.
Sam refuses to open his eyes even as his tears seep out, it was mostly probably drenching Crowley as he comfortably remains under his chin.
“Your fever has gone done immensely, which is amazing especially how you were feeling the night before”
“I’m a hunter and a lawyer Dean, you should know my ways by now” he laughs on the other end “Just don’t do anything stupid and come back soon”
, Sam. I left you alone and even then he… he was never going to come back after everything…Damn it Sam I can’t breathe…
It stretches its claws towards you, an ominous black root opening up to grab you. You hold your breath and start to run towards it- with all of your terrors ablaze guiding you through the smoke. The other two skulls vibrate by their reverberating chuckles, they too begin to swarm and twist near their guardian, you slash the approaching claw which dissipates seconds after contact. But even so they were pursuing you with the same pace; this felt more like terrorized play than a fight.
“Was it because of me? Is that why you didn’t want to come back after everything? Because if it was I understand why you would want to leave, free will and all that crap- but did you really not want to come back because of me?-”
The air dies around them, the field stands still and the sky is enveloped by an eternal darkness, a starry spotlight hovered over their heads, the planets and skies completely in bloom.
“There’s a reason you can sense them, maybe even understand their motives- but really, what are yours?”
“Yeah well I didn’t know any better either. That’s the only thing I can come up with right now. It had that demon ghost train thing- you remember that?- and it has the word ‘sanitorium’ in it- I’m pretty sure it's over a river too- or was it a lake?”
He scrunches his nose at the thought and places the radio on the top shelf. He’ll organize these books and miscellaneous, it would calm him down somehow, it usually always does. He starts pulling the massive things out and towers them over each other by category and topic, some even by authors and thickness.
Dean shakes his head, the blonde of his hair slightly grey and worn out "What is going on with us? With Sam?" And
You bite your lower lip and turn around to wait for him, Dean’s waddling disappears and he wraps his arm around your waist roughly and closes the distance, his other hand grips onto your frizzled locks at the back of your head as he dives into your lips. He kisses you deeply, making sure he’s angled you the way he likes and your lips are completely buried in his. He tastes slightly of beer, but mostly sweet by the pie that still lingered on his tongue, but all in all his kiss was something so profound and daunting that it sent an electric jolt down your spine every time.
"Whatever happens, I wont leave you. You left your whole family just for one guy, you brought me back to life, you saved my ass with every chance you got. I can never repay you for that but all I know is that I'll protect you and I'll fight for you, as long as I can. So now its my turn to stay by your side."
“Like canned beans? Again?” Sam conjectured as he wore a sad smile on his lips, Dean’s eyes narrowed at him and he stuck out his tongue with pure disgust.
He turned around vigorously in search of them and found them placed neatly outside the tent, he pouted even more before he walked the other direction, back to the spot where Dean...
“The damn son of a bitch! And to think we were going to rescue your ass” Dean bickers under his cold breath, somehow the shivering in his voice gone and replaced with anger
Dean has lays himself straight on the chair rest, his hands now move up and down his thigh as he looks at both Bobby and Sam- needless to say he looked content, a little pale and superfluous with his clockwork movement but still, content. His green hues wander the room for a while, his lashes frail and refined bouncing away the uneager thoughts in his mind; he breathes heavily without uttering a word- Bobby and Sam share a look of discontent with each other and then look at Dean once more, the suspense was the most agonizing they’ve felt in ages.
There’s a silence between the two of you- for a while you just stare at his back expecting a response sooner or later from the brooding aura he so willingly spreads in the room.
They continue to stare at each other uneasily- Castiel isn’t crying anymore and the tears from before leave a trail on his cheeks- Dean is standing silently, his aura a little more calm and composed than before- he’s doing a good job at hiding his anger this time, or maybe he was finally letting him in?
He knew that Dean was in for an earful and he chuckles at the thought. Sam shoved his hands in his pockets and walked solemnly through the small, malnourished crowd , he overhears two women huddled closely in one corner, they whisper and discuss about their children and their deteriorating health-claiming that they were starting to forget a lot of things.
“Just till the edge…just a little longer” I pat myself on my chest and wince at the strange pain, regretting my action almost immediately. I’m in pieces, a rupture within my ribs, something unexplainable that keeps me walking further on. Something inside me doesn’t want to die even now-after everything?
“It’s only been half an hour at least” Dean heaved a sigh after stepping on further, Castiel could see that his breathing seemed unsteady because of the minute fever he still had and he knew Dean was not the kind of person to take a break that easily but he still initiated the talk either way.
The warmth upon your shoes and your back starts to fade as the screech disappears; Sam opens his eyes once more and takes a sigh of relief as he looks around and shakes you by the shoulder, Crowley drags himself off the floor behind the toppled bed, his hair disheveled and his face swollen like a plum. “Dean?” Sam grunts as he shakes you and slaps you gently, you swat his hand away with a groan and shuffle back onto your own feet. The warding on the door dims and a sound of a lock being released echoes in the room- you waste no more time as you open it almost immediately.
And then he hears a scratch that booms into a crisp sound, a familiar guitar that echoed and swam around him. He felt the strangest compulsion by it- as if nothing could compare.
