“Then it’s a no. You cannot buy without credits!”
He decided he would take the top bed. It was easier for him to climb and he didn’t like tight spaces anymore. He hoped whoever was his roommate wouldn’t mind. Once he had made that decision, he took out a week’s worth of clothes from his suitcase — clothes he had bought to leave in storage, because a lot of the weight allotted to him was taken up by the shield — and neatly laid them in his locker in a few minutes. He wondered if he’d ever stop packing and unpacking like a soldier.
“Good. Strange’s going insane.”
caught his eyes. It seemed like some sort of… science fiction club, but the Stark connection was intriguing. After wandering enough, he went back to his apartment. He grabbed his phone and for the first time, he called Peggy. She had given him a phone number and she was the only one he trusted.
“Disinfection usually does but I’m… almost done,” Strange said and began bandaging the wound. “I have to ask. Was Stark alive when you left him?”
He nodded. Fury had said he’d know his contact when he saw him, and it was obvious now why. Steve had thought it’d be a more… quiet situation, not a packed speakeasy full of drunks and worse. Maybe there was a method to the madness. Or maybe Tony Stark just couldn’t do things the quiet way.
With the rainy season came the memory of a bright disk Steve knew was his. He dug under each rock and climbed every tree until he found it.
“And if we do nothing, it’s… we’re murdering Tony. Condemning him.”
While Potts and Hogan waited outside, Tony guided him into the hangar and into a very small office with no windows but with a very impressive lock. It was empty except for two chairs and a file cabinet. Steve didn’t wait until they were seated before asking. “Is this about aliens? And about what happened in 1992?”
It was almost as if Tony was there, with his warm hands on Steve’s shoulders or his arms around his waist, making sure Steve was okay. That Steve was safe. He closed his eyes and pictured Tony’s beard scratching against his neck or burning between his thighs. Then Batroc put his hand on Steve’s nape and pushed down as his hips pushed forward. He didn’t stop until his cock hit the back of Steve’s throat and Steve’s nose got buried in Batroc’s pubic hair.
Tony turned and he smiled softly at his oldest. Morgan in his arms he went to Peter. Holding him close. “Hey kiddo, come to wish dad a happy birthday?”
“Your surprise.”
Tony shook his head no. “I broke in yesterday and held him for a little while till the twins started fussing. He blames himself. I can’t convince him otherwise. He thinks I hate him. How could I ever hate him?”
Something was wrong, very wrong and Tony had to find out but first ....”Steve...Steve.” He pushes away this time harder but Fucking Steve was stronger and held onto Tony like his life depended on it.
He could still hear the sobs from Steve as he held tony. “I’ll be okay .”...except Steve wasn’t and despite many attempts by just about everyone Steve spiraled right on a black hole that no one could pull him from. Now one one bothered anymore.
“I am afraid if he doesn’t get something his heart might give out. In fact I am surprise it hasn’t. A normal person would’ve .”
Rhodey shot Clint a look but sighed Tony should know and If was back maybe the baby was too. He didn’t know because none of this made sense, it wasn’t like he had a play book for ‘best friend coming back from the dead’ in his Library.
Fighting off his orgasm would taken a better man and tony couldn’t fight it even if he tried and soon he came in Steve with a gasp.
“Mom? Uncle Bucky ?” Bucky hears peters voice and turned to see Peter there with Mj and Ned. In his hand was a few of Steve favorite things, and pictures of the family .
“You’ll survive. And you have to get up in a few anyway. Don’t you have an appointment to get that thing outta of your arm so that we can get to baby making ?”
“You are not  real.” Steve said as he cuddle up to the man that haunted his dreams on so many nights.. Steve has has this dream before and as real as it felt he woke up empty arms. “My tony died. “
“You look so much like him. Especially you Sarah.” Bucky held Sarah and brought him to his grave. Her little hand  touching the granite.
Peter laid his head on his mother's shoulder. His dad was so excited to turn 100, he didn’t make it.  They were supposed to have a huge party inviting all their  friends. Not here by his grave side.
“His name is Dodger! And we are keeping Him and he is our son! “ Steve shouted From the kitchen.
“You would have died!” Tony said wanting to explain that he didn’t rape Steve that he done it to save his life.
“So you had sex with me?” Steve said slowly as he tried to put things together in his head His hands reached back to touch his entrance and his winced slightly and tony just about died in the spot with guilt.
These where the things that kept Steve up at night and that he why he drank. Asgardian Wine was the only thing that did the trick and Thor has a lot of it.
Tony does what needs to be done
“Sir. Take deep breaths and relax. I have called Colonel Rhodes and  shall be here in a few minutes.”
It was late one night Bucky couldn’t sleep and decided to grab a bite to eat when he walked into the Tony curled up wearing Steve’s jacket watching He and Steve’s wedding video.
“He isn’t a Virgin. He and his Buddy Bucky were fucking back in the 40’s. He told me once when he got shit Faced on Asgardian wine. “ Nat was actually shocked when Steve admitted to that, she herself that he was pure unicorn prince, as Tony Put it one day. “Plus if you checked out what he watches when he thinks he  is alone you’d be shocked.”
“Tony! Tony ! You feel so fucking good.” Steve moaned as tony held on trying not to enjoy it but he was a fool to say that he didn’t. This what he has wanted for a very very long time. Raping Steve wasn’t the plan however.
“Man , I am seeing you but I can’t not believe it. Leave it to tony stark to look death in the eyes and come back. “
No it really wasn’t. He and Steve danced to it in his lab. Steve told tony that he had never danced with anyone and tony then  offered to dance with him. Tony choose This song cause this what he had dreamt when he thought about dancing with the one he loved.  He can still feel Steve’s hand on his back as the slowly swayed to Elvis .  Can still feel how nervous Steve was and then they locked eyes in his dimly  lite  lab ...he swears His lips still Tingle .
“I still don’t think you are real but I will take it.” Steve said as he pulled tony close to him. He was certain that he would wake up with empty arms as he always did.
“I made a mist.....”
“After you snapped. He just lost it. He couldn’t take your death. “ Clint answers as he stepped forward to put his hand on Tony’s shoulder. “I should tell....”
“sir, The Captain Virals are reading over 106. “ the Ai voice spoke which caused Tony to make a face. Even for a super Soldier that wasn’t good.
“I did, but they let me come back. I am here my love.” He didn’t blame Steve for thinking him a dream or a hallucination. It was awful seeing him this way. But he’d make him believe. He’d bring him back.
“ I didn’t know either.” Steve said he named the baby and had a little marker.  “Must have been when we stayed up late talking and made love on the couch .”
Rhodey has officially lost it not that he was entirely shocked everyone wasn’t the same after thanoas attacked. Not just the first time but the second time tore the Avengers apart.
“You stupid fucking idiot! Why?! Huh?! Did you even care about me? “ Steve took a swig if the wine that Tasted Strawberry-ish And Steve wonder if they had those in Asgard. “I hate  you! You promise me a future ! A fucking hate you!” Steve ran his hair through his short hair as tears flowed down his cheeks. Before he collapsed screaming To the night air. To tired to go on but to coward to do anything.
“Blue balls, Steve, it’s a real thing!” Tony tried to protest but it dead on his lips when Steve kissed him goodbye before leaving the room.
“Sorry I was texting my boyfriend. We are gonna have a baby...that’s why I’m taking this thing out.” Yep like the doctor cared. Shut up and give him your arm.
{text from my love <3 <3} got a surprise for you!! as long as you behave! I love you !!
“Yes, very evil. “ Steve walked back to the bed with yet another blanket from the closet. “Here this will keep you warm until I get back.” Both got very cold very easily. Tony because of the cave and Steve because of the Ice. Neither one spoke of it but they had enough blankets to supply a village.
Now though he worked on finding Steve and apparently Bucky and Sam has found him. He flew in his suit, an odd feeling, he hadn’t flown in it since before he died. Landing outside Steve’s hotel room. A shady looking place.
Tony's heart pounded in his ears. He felt sick and putting the twins in their car seats he barely managed to step to the side before he got sick. Grief rolled in waves over him. He wanted steve.
The news of Steve’s death had sent him into premature labor. The babies born two weeks early. It didn’t effect them too much. But tony knew he would’ve been so devastated if he’d lost both Steve and peter he would’ve been having a tough time fighting to get through the labor.
“I’m sorry. Tony I am so sorry for everything.” Tony could hear The crack in Steve’s voice and the tremble as he spoke.
"Pepper." The fearsome redhead corrected.
"So yeah." Steve sat back down and splashed Tony, making him giggle. "We aren't perfect. But we certainly are not ugly." He pulled over his phone. "See? Already got a thousand likes on our picture. We're
On top of that, Steve was acting strangely today. He kept laughing, a little too much, seemingly at everything Tony said, even if it was only mildly funny. He'd hang around Tony for a bit, looking like he had something to say, then get a spooked look on his face and run off, usually to Natasha or Clint, and have a hushed conversation on the other side of the room before coming back a few minutes later, looking determined, then start the whole thing over again.
"Yeah. But I found out a lot about myself on that trip, and found good reasons to stay." Steve smiled at Tony. "But yes, there was a time when I wanted those kinds of things. Family, stability. Maybe with Peggy, but maybe not. It's not like we were dating, but that was definitely something to look forward to after the war. Now, I'm here, and it seems like the war never ended. It feels like being an Avenger might be a full time thing, and I'm not sure how a family would fit into the picture. It's something I still want, but it would be hard to find balance. I'd need to be able to completely rely my partner. After finding out about those wicked things SHIELD wanted to do with the scepter, it's just hard to trust again, you know? What if I don't know what's right and wrong in this new age? How can I trust myself to raise a kid if I don't even know what's going on around me?"
"It's fine." Steve smiled. He got a rush seeing Tony wearing something of his. "I'll have you eating a bowl of oatmeal every morning soon enough. Let's go."
"Yes!" Tony exclaimed, "They're the perfect candidate. Every winter they have rolling blackouts from overuse. Their whole country is linked to one grid centered here." Tony excitedly pulled up a map on a hologram and showed Steve. "If I could just get the biggest city on reactor energy, then the old power system could keep going to the rest of the country, and it would save so many people. Hospitals wouldn't need to shut down, small villages wouldn't need to worry about a big freeze, just by powering this one city!" Steve looked over at Tony, swelling with pride.
"Mister Rogers? Are you okay?" A small woman was on the other side of the door, with a cleaning cart behind her.
"Whoa! Easy there, Cap." But Tony chuckled and threw his arms around Steve too, hugging him back just as hard. Steve relished the feeling a little longer. He felt his ears burning, and pulled back, embarrassed at himself. "Guess that's a yes, huh?"
"Shit." He hissed at himself. He'd forgotten to tell Tony about...last night. Of course he had. But how could he even bring that up without having to explain his obviously unwelcome feelings for Tony?
have been ecstatic. The Dodgers were way ahead right now, 6-2. It was a gorgeous day, and they had the best stadium food in their room.
“Where’s
"You know, for the reactor project. You did say the construction will begin in September, right? Pepper said it wouldn't take more than a few weeks so-"
"Oh. Um, well. In that case, thank you." Tony rubbed the back of his neck. "I wanted to....well at first it was only going to be for Spangles here, but I was able to finagle the luxury suite for us for the whole weekend. Friday, Saturday and Sunday, at Citi Field. As a small thank you to all of you-"
Steve stumbled back, dropping his pencil and pad, finding himself with an armful of Tony instead. The smaller man had wrapped both arms around his neck and was currently hanging on for dear life, squealing praises at him.
“You’re the same Tony.” Steve argued. “My Tony has the same reactor you do. He works just like you do. He also falls asleep at his work bench all the time. And you wanna know how I wake him up?”
Jarvis was able to recognize the problem, and I'm glad you were able to help me. Okay?"
"Because we're your friends.
news segment all day, if you know what I mean. Did she give you her number?”
“Then how come he always looks like he’s sweating bullets when I walk into a room?” Tony countered.
He looked around the room. Many of the faces that had been calling for pitchforks a minute ago were now stricken with fear. Just as he expected. These people were used to holding all the power with their money, but cowered in the face of real consequences. This would be easier than he thought. Time to lay it on thick.
“Is it so hard to believe that I might want something like that with you?” Steve asked, his voice shaking. He didn’t care that everyone could hear him pouring his feelings out. He was tired of hiding it. “Is it so hard to believe that I think you’re kind, and generous, and handsome, and worth my time? I
Steve had noticed that Tony always contorted himself to be as comfortable as possible. When they would go out to eat, he often pulled up a second chair to plop his feet on, or he might lean on countertops and walls at home, when chatting with the team. Right now, Tony had his legs up on the couch under him, bent to one side, feet almost touching Steve's thighs. He was leaning on the other arm of the sofa, typing away, the position accentuating his already small waist.
Tony had done...really? Her? Steve thought back, she wasn’t his type - but she
“So?” Tony blushed, remembering that morning. He’d woken up wrapped around Steve’s legs like a koala bear on its favorite tree. Steve was wide awake, reading a book he’d found in the nightstand next to him. He hadn’t budged an inch, in order to let Tony get some more rest, he'd said. It had been really sweet of him...but Tony had been mortified about it, and neither of them ever brought it up again.
charity project. What would make them think the reactor's blueprints are in any danger?"
"You ever had any of this before?" Tony asked as he grabbed a plate and started piling it up with rice and naan.
to but -”
He couldn’t blame them. In the end, everything
"Sounds promising." Tony laughed, "I'm kidding. I just wanted to see your reaction. Here's what you'll be wearing." He pulled out a pair of swim trunks from behind his back with his other hand. They were plastered with huge eagles carrying American flags. It was so embarrassing, that Steve almost picked the Speedo over that.
A romantic movie? Steve wasn't a big fan of those, and apparently neither was Tony - he immediately opened up his phone and started scrolling through his social media. Steve decided to give it a chance though, so he grabbed a few slices of pizza and settled in.
“Rhodey’s making me.” He replied. “He gets to go home since he’s a military liaison, and doesn’t live at the tower, but he says I need to get on the quinjet - need to at least make it look like we’re in this together - for the crowd.”
find out? So much for exposure therapy. Well, if Tony was going to have his heart broken, the least he could do was make it easier on poor Steve, just trying desperately to be nice about it. He sighed and got on with it.
to you."
It had been over an hour. Steve was exhausted after such a long day, but he couldn't sleep. He kept replaying their elevator conversation in his head. He didn't know how it went so wrong. Maybe he hadn't picked the best time to tell Tony something like that, maybe he should have said something before taking Tony out. Maybe he'd fucked it all up, and now-
"Love you too, sweet cheeks." He gave in and let Steve cuddle him in a big bear hug.
"Hey, hey. No need to get upset at your Sugar Daddy for wanting to take care of you."
"Pancakes!" Clint was somehow up and awake now. That was unusual. Normally Clint was the last to drag himself out of bed. Steve looked around, the coffee pot was full, pancakes were stacking up and smelling great. So where was Tony?
"Of course." Bruce picked up the package of strawberries, taking them to the sink, and Natasha walked in shortly after.
"That's...a little dark."
“Do what?”
"Need any help?" Steve offered, half jokingly.
"The rest of the team? You mean the Avengers?"
Steve was about to say something back, but she looked away and exaggerated grabby hands towards the steaming mug Tony had brought her.
Finally, the notes stopped, so Tony must have gotten to where he was going. It was a lot, but Steve was happy that Howard's son ended up being a decent person after all. He'd really messed up bad by misunderstanding Tony to begin with, so he resolved to try to genuinely make friends with him.
like that. We’re supposed to be bringing the Avengers
Steve stiffened up, quickly turning his head back in the direction of the TV, gripping his knees tightly through his pants. Shit - he really needed to get a grip. This isn't the place to think about these things, especially in front of all these people- wait, did Tony just say something? He looked back to find those dark eyes looking over at him in worry.
. Let’s save the roleplaying for another night, I need you
"Is that what you wanted to get off your chest earlier? That you're bi?"
"Can you hear me?"
He thought back to last night - how elated he’d been after leaving the observatory. He wanted to cry, jump, scream in delight. He had so much pent up energy that he ran. He ran like his life depended on it, and maybe it did. He ran as fast as he could to the nearest open flower shop. He probably looked like a maniac, sprinting full speed down the streets of Manhattan, expertly dodging pedestrians and vehicles, but he didn’t care. He laughed, tears in his eyes, when he burst through the shop entrance. Maybe he’d frightened a few customers as he babbled about being in love, and maybe this morning, some slow news station would post something about the public seeing a frantic Captain America on the loose, but it just didn't matter. He’d bought pink and red lilies: the nice florist told him they stood for love and hope. They were perfect. More than perfect. He slammed down many more bills than were strictly necessary, and ran back to the tower as quickly as he could, got dressed in the nicest suit he had, and ran, as fast as his super soldier legs would carry him, back to Tony.
Steve was stunned. Tony never got up early enough to make breakfast, or if he did, he would just grab a coffee and head into the office. Right now, though, the man was in half a suit again, dress shirt untucked and unbuttoned, under a frilly baby blue apron Steve had never even seen before. The same color as his slippers. Willing that line of thought away, he sat down and finally responded.
"Not at all. You want a child to have a better life than you did, it's a great reason." Steve's heart sank thinking of how lonely Tony sounded when he talked about his childhood. "Howard was a shit father, huh?"
"Steve." Tony sighed. "I knew I shouldn't have let him be all by himself. I should've checked up on him more. Now what, I'm just supposed to leave him here? How can I do that, J? Maybe if I call Pepper she'll let me stay-"
“It’s okay, buddy. We’re okay.” He cooed when the dejected machine beeped sadly.
"Shut up." He drank some of the honey coffee, it tasted a little funny, but he'd dug his own grave.
“Why are you in the suit?” Steve walked up to him. “I haven’t seen this one before. It’s nice.” He knocked on the helmet. “Open up, I’m about to go.”
“I...I didn’t want to assume.” He tried to explain. He wasn’t exactly very experienced at this stuff, and he certainly wasn’t a playboy who could read body language.
"Hey, no." Steve cooed, and felt Tony tense up for a second before he buried his face into Steve's arm and let out a wet breath. "You're nothing like your dad. I would know." Steve wasn't sure exactly what was going on, but maybe this was something he could help with after all? He rubbed a hand up and down Tony's back until he seemed to relax. "You're okay. Breathe, slow down for me. How about you explain what's going on, huh? Is this about that project you've been working on?"
“That’s…” Tony started to put his repulsor down. “That’s an old code. A really old code.”
"Gotcha!" Tony celebrated, "Yeah. Then I could've put A.S.S. on all my initials instead." Steve burst out laughing.
"Losing your wind there, Twister?" Steve asked as Tony yawned into his pillow again.
“Right…” Sam still looked skeptical about the whole thing. “And you know he was from another universe...how?”
Fury was much more understanding than Steve thought he would be. He even said Steve should take his time touring the country, that SHIELD would be here when he got back. It was even a little comforting (and maybe a little scary) when Fury told him that if he was needed for an emergency mission, there would be no problem, as anyone was easy to find these days. So, Steve left SHIELD headquarters with a smile and his vacation time, off to talk to the rest of the Avengers about his leave.
“I told you. Nothing happened.” Tony crossed his arms. “We slept head-to-toe.”
“Nothing.” He lied.
“It’s not
He didn’t know what exactly he was going to say -but he marched as quickly as he could right over to Tony, who was nodding politely at someone who seemed engrossed in the exchange. That wouldn’t stop him, Tony might fly away soon if he didn’t catch him in time.
Steve didn't know what to make of that, but the car came to a stop just then and they were already there. He hadn't even noticed that they had driven up to a huge stadium.
Tony rinsed himself off in a hurry, a plan forming in his mind. He jumped out of the shower, throwing on whatever clothes he found nearby, and ran to the elevators.
Yep. This was definitely the right Tony.
Back to the man who would bring out the best in him, because now he wasn’t just a good man for the sake of justice, or honor. He was a good man now, for Tony’s sake. For the sake of their relationship, for the team they would lead together, for the happy years they would spend with each other. For the child they might one day raise together after retirement. For the sick days comforting one another, and long nights spent arguing because Steve would never let himself lie to Tony, ever again. For the mornings making love, making up for silly disagreements. For the way Tony would never hide his feelings from Steve anymore, would become an open book for him, so sweet and affectionate and all his.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony thought as he wrote some of the designs down, not that he would use them anytime soon. Of course he would be completely head over heels for Steve in this universe, too. Probably every universe, if he was honest with himself. But god, it’s so hard to show it when it comes to that man. Rogers had a knack at making everyone around him so hopeful, and good, and optimistic. You couldn’t spend two minutes around him without wanting to be the very best version of yourself. And Tony Stark? He must be immune now. Sure, there was a time when he too would follow Steve like a baby duck, but now... now he was so often left on the sidelines, watching from afar as Steve, wonderful Steve, knew just how to make everyone else fall for him.
"You can't tell me what it is?"
Tony sat in silence, staring at the floor for almost a minute before finally looking Steve in the eyes.
"He said the word
"Yep! He's the best." Tony finally got the bowl down, pouring a heap of scrambled eggs into it.
"Like a turtle?"
"Hello?"
“It - yeah. That sounds...great.” Steve stumbled out.
"There she is." Steve went to stand by his bike.
He was about to speed off the parking lot when Jarvis spoke in his helmet.
"Yeah."
Steve's secretary!" Tony pointed at her, and Natasha snickered.
"Y-you do?" Steve was surprised. He thought for sure that would be the one big thing they disagreed on.
Well, maybe this
Who, me? Have a consistent art style? Less likely than you might think.
, you know.”
"Oh!" Tony made a mental note to send Pepper some thank-you flowers. She knew just how much he liked Steve's gorgeous muscles - er, company. "Yeah, sorry Cap. Flying car show was earlier, this is the after-party."
And just as handsome as ever. You could really see the light brown streaks in his hair on a sunny day like this. It looked so soft and pretty, it probably smelled nice too. Would probably feel like silk if he could run his fingers through it. The way his throat moved when he would talk - Steve wondered if it would taste the same as Other-Tony if he were to bite down on him. He’d kiss the spot, and lick him gently afterwards in apology, of course. He had so much apologizing to do. So much to make up for. He’d show Tony just how sorry he was. Maybe he could make Tony come with just his tongue. He’d love to hear the wonderful moans coming from him - would he sound just as desperate as Other-Tony had? Could Steve make him fall apart in his arms like he had before? Oh no, he was far away now. Why was Tony so far?
“You’ve come to the wrong place, then. We don’t have that kind of money.”
“I think that’s a great idea, actually,” Laura said. “We have enough money for food and some of the alien not-beer.”
He couldn’t wait.
) and for once, Strange was laughing it off; Clint and Laura were, in turn, pestering Rhodes about the suction marks on his neck. His fingers itched for his pencils and his sketchbook. You never knew when you’d run out of time to draw the people you… loved. He stopped walking.
“It’s fine, I can’t sleep. I don’t get how you can. Don’t you understand where we are? Doesn’t that… I don’t know, excite you?”
“Yeah… that’s what I needed to talk to you about. You always ask good questions, Grant. I like that in a man.”
But there was somebody who was out of work and bored out of his mind.
Steve grabbed Tony’s arm and drew him closer. A small, silent gasp came out from Tony’s lips and his eyes narrowed.
The other man crossed his arms and stared at the wall, avoiding Steve’s eyes. “I told you I can’t tell you that.”
Cap looked aside. ‘It’s just that…’
Steve squeezed his thighs and opened his eyes. ‘Happy now?’
How could Tony Stark withstand so much of it?
Steve offered him his hand, but Tony refused. He was proud like that sometimes. Or all the time. It was one of his least attractive qualities. Not that he cared about Tony’s attractive qualities at all. They were just good friends.
“So you’re going to space.”
“That… this won’t help, Grant. Let’s go up.”
Steve didn’t wait a second before digging his fingers into Tony’s flesh. He arched his back and then warmth spread inside of Tony. Steve let his hands fall to the side of his body. Everything about him said ‘post-coital bliss’: the ‘I just had sex’ smile, the lazy sprawl of his limbs, the way he kept playing with Tony’s tie still around his neck, the soft look in his eyes.
Steve’s hands curled into fists and Tony braced himself for a punch or a shove, but it didn’t happen. So he tugged the towel down and saw Steve’s face underneath: the eyes closed, the lips parted and the skin flushed. Tony carded his fingers through Steve’s hair and scratched his scalp before jerking his head back and looking down at him.
'Hey, I'll always find you, no matter how long it takes?'
. It was the most delightful torture he had ever had to endure, right from the beginning. No matter how many times he had gone over their conversation, he hadn’t pinpointed the moment it had derailed from discussing plans for a birthday party to Steve admitting he had fantasies of being tied up and fucked by strangers. And Tony, because Tony was an idiot, had volunteered to arrange it, laughing about his extensive sexual history and about how good he was at logistics and about his contacts and now he was here, slowly dying of thirst in his favorite sex club.
‘What’s that?’
The trap door opened to a rusty ladder Steve trusted very little, but Tony went down it without one complaint and without even checking where it led to. Damn it. Did he have to be so reckless? Steve couldn’t let the darkness swallow Tony, not when he had promised to protect him, so he jumped in after him, not even bothering with the ladder. He had jumped from higher places before. After a few seconds — not so deep, then —, he landed on a metal floor that was covered with sticky spots and rust. Not too promising.
“You’re too flashy for your own good,” Pym said and walked straight to the cockpit.
Wait. They absolutely could.
“Where are we going after this?” Strange asked after pouring himself some coffee. There was a hint of interest breaking through the carefully indolent facade.
Steve put a hand on Strange’s shoulder. “He was. They wouldn’t have taken him if he wasn’t.”
‘Nobody ever uses the train…’ Tony began saying and then he got what he deserved: he tripped on a rock and fell face-first to the sidewalk.
“That’s… no, he’s just funding us and I wonder how you know that.”
She laughed but said nothing about her prizes. “Come on, where is it?”
“What? No. That’s dumb. I can… I can run faster.”
“I… I don’t know how to do it. Two left feet, always,” Steve stammered out. Wow. He was still as awkward as ever. It was almost as if he was back in the past, being turned down by a girl at the dance.
“What? No. He has his own lab.”
His mind was a whirlpool of questions and what-ifs. HYDRA had taken Bucky? What had they done to him? How had they found about it? Had Bucky… died and come back or never died at all? Where was he now? Had he also moved on with his life, like Peggy had?
“Hey, you know I wasn’t a buzzkill last night, but you need to shape up, man. I know you can be a great leader…”
‘I… I’m okay. I knew you were here.’
Even if everybody else wanted to pretend cuddling was normal professional behavior and moaning during massages was something friends did, Clint knew he was right. He had even asked Reddit about it. His question had gone viral, but nevertheless, everybody across social media platforms was in agreement: the Popsicle Bosses were clearly breaking all boundaries of professionalism and good taste.
“There's a lot of those."
“Thanks, Peg,” he said and hung up before she could ask how he was doing.
She laughed. He liked the sound of that laughter. He didn’t like the sound of the other man’s voice in the background, asking Peggy what was so funny. “Never, ever ask Howard about it. But yes, I’ll get you some intel on it.”
That could be useful.
“Don’t flatter me, it won’t work.”
‘I do. Just wait here.’
“And you can do it? You barely know how it works.”
After a few days lost in a haze of training, packing and late dinners, Steve was hit with the reality that it was finally
‘Ah, pardon, I am being most impolite.’
“Because we’re in space. We have to eat weird things, right, Stevens?”
“You’re bleeding through the uniform. It’s ruined your jacket and it’s about to ruin the seat.”
His knees hurt and his fingers bled, but he wouldn’t stop. Not until he reached the other side. Not until Tony was safe with him.
“Yep. We’re not that far off.”
Steve blushed and was thankful Bruce couldn’t see it. “Oh, that’s not… I mean. I’m Security. That’s all I’m talking about.”
Tony was already waiting by the ladder, one foot on the lowest rung. Ready to leave, then.
he was scamming me. Bruce? Any news on the spare parts?”
How could he be? His existence was a fable, so why did it matter if he lied a little more? The truth was — he was tired of being the reasonable one, tired of herding this bunch of kids who weren’t that much younger than him. He had never done that, not once in his life. He had tried to be somebody else but… No matter how much he tried to run away, he couldn’t run away from himself. Light years away from home and he still made the same mistakes. Tony sometimes hated him for being too uptight — for wanting the team to train, for wanting the team to know what they were doing — and sometimes for being too reckless, for enjoying himself. He was always stepping on landmines. He looked up, at the vast void of space and sighed. He’d never understand Tony Stark, but he knew he had to try. They were stuck together. They had to make it work.
Tony waved his hand. “Fury recommended you. That was good enough for Hill because I think she’s actually working for him. Now, for people I
”Tell me what?” He wasn’t surprised Steve had lost it. But something didn’t seem right. “What is it? I need to know!”
By getting it out they meant digging until they found it and then stitching him up. He was in pain and He was in a foul mood by the time he turned the keys to their penthouse.
Tonight he was by  His grave drinking until the lines that read his name was Blurry and Steve could forget. Except it never worked like that. He wanted to forget but he just let seeing tony.
“I don’t know. He was protecting his son.” Bucky held him and had to remind Tony that he did so to protect his son. That peter was still here because Steve made the ultimate sacrifice
“Make it as cold as possible. We don’t need The captain to die on us. “ tony tried to make a snarky come back mostly to cut the tension but it fall short so he shut his mouth.
(((Roseharrison ))
“Steve....I want Steve.” He was the only one that could make it better, could fill this void in him. The Billionaire started to rock as he tried to soothe himself down from this attack. Normally when it got this bad he would wrap himself around His super Soldier boyfriend and sob as Steve would run his fingers through his hair. The blonde would whisper how Sweet and handsome Tony was. How brave and strongThe Scientists are and How lucky  Steve was to call him His.
“Than if that’s the case Tony. Why don’t you do it ?” Clint asked from his spot on the couch. Steve temperature was at 108 and raising. Someone had to go in there.
Tony had gotten reacquainted with being alive. A tear filled reunion with Pepper. They’d fallen asleep cuddled together. They may not have worked out as a couple but they were as good as siblings now.
“Dude I am married remember. “
“Me! No no no no.” Tony didn’t mind usually about having a roll in the hay with Female and occasionally a male, but this wasn’t a just some male. It was Captain fucking  America! “ Come on He is probably a fucking Virgin. I , for one, refuse to be the one that takes The good ol’ Captain virginity.”
It felt like an Eternity sitting there on the damn exam table waiting for the doctor to come and remove the stupid thing in his arm. He even found himself playing with it and stopping when he must hit a nerve. Cursing to himself Just as his phone bing alerting him to a text message.
“What’s wrong with Steve?” Tony’s heart felt like it was in a vice like grip. Was he dead? Had he gone rogue like Clint had? His heart pounded “where is he?”
“baby? What’s this ?” He asked putting down his keys on the bowl next to the door that Steve brought for the House because Tony was always losing it. The little things that made Tony so happy that he made his move that September Evening.
“Yeah like you care or cared.....whatever. It’s in the past. Not that matters....you and your boyfriend I’m sure are happy. “ tony voice broke half way through and he cursed his weakness.
“I can’t. I can’t get cum. Tony please I ... “ Steve said as he removed his fingers and approached Tony with his arms out and his dick so hard it was almost purple. “Something wrong. “
“Give him back!” He screamed. Tears pouring down his face. Kneeling on the ground and just feeling the weight of the world crushing him.
“I can’t believe you Tony....I thought you were different. I really did.” Steve spit venom as he banged on the Door for anyone to let him out.
“Has peter left his room ?” Bucky asked He hasn’t seen the boy since Steve funeral. All he did was stay in his room and Tony wasn’t forcing him to come out. Bucky tried one day and he didn’t get and answered so he stopped trying to get his nephew.
***Steve Stark Rogers
^six months  later *
Looking up at Bucky his eyes swollen and bloodshot. “I... don’t think I can go on. He... he was my everything. We were supposed to grow old together.”
“No no Tony. It’s not a heart attack. Deep breaths ...deep breaths. You are okay.”
“J? Can you please put on ‘cant help falling in love’”  tony kicked off his shoes and tossed his keys somewhere. He didn’t care where they went.
“We did” Tony said with his pants undone and his cock still out. His heart was hammering in his chest as Steve looked at him with confusion on his face followed betrayal. Like he couldn’t figure out why he was in locked cell with Tony after having sex with him.
“Okay so he is no goody two shoe Virgin. Doesn’t mean I have to be the one that fucks him. Bruce has a penis that he can use and So does  Clint.”
He walked towards the group. He noticed the red magic of Wanda. And a arrow being shot. Clint. Going up he heard Clint yell something. And everyone stopped and looked at him as he reached the edge of their practice area.
“Sir? Is that a good idea.”
“Look I need to see you. If you want. Please tony.”
It was There on his couch with his head resting against Rhodey’s shoulder cuddled up In one of Steve’s jackets, if Rhodey knew he didn’t say anything, that tony fell asleep watching. “Grease”. The next morning he saw the text from an unknown number asking why he didn’t show up. But now he felt safe and warm next to his best friend.
“Why does it still hurt?” Tony asked Grabbing at his chest with his free hand. He thought himself having an heart attack and Rhodey somehow knew this.
“I am....I brought MJ and Ned. If that okay.”
Tony didn’t know how he had gotten into this predicament one minute he was Checking the perimeter and landed to give Steve an update, like he was suppose too and for once was, when the over 6 feet , two hundred  patriotic Hunk of a man was on him like white on rice.
“ well he has the serum but ....” Nat punched in a few Codes and seconds later it pulled up A live fed of Steve pacing the floors  in a locked room. The man had pulled off his suit and was now walking around as naked as the day he came out.
“Fuck me Tony.” Steve said as he turned and spread his cheeks presenting  himself to tony. “Please. I need .”
“Mr. Stark?” Hopefully one day Mr. Rogers.
His life ceased to exist, the love  of his life was gone. They had made up from a civil war and was talking about a future when Tony snapped. Steve understood why but couldn’t wrap his head around it. Why did tony do it and a did he know he was a child?
“No! “ tony snapped at his AI as he stood up His world spinning and he felt sick to his stomach. How much had he had to drink? It didn’t seem like ....He tripped over two scotch bottle as he made his way to the bathroom possible to throw up when he felt the phone in his pocket Buzz. The same phone Steve had the audacity to send him like it would make it all bette some how. Yet Tony held onto the phone like it was a life line that it he didn’t have it He would lose All hope of ever Getting Steve back. This was the only way Steve could contact him and He had to have it on him at all times. He just never expected it to ring.
been out of it, maybe even half-asleep last time. There was no way Other-Tony was as beautiful as the man in front of him now. Tony was leaner and more muscular, though that didn’t stop his endless curves from drawing him in, making him dizzy with want. His skin wasn’t as soft as Other-Tony’s. It was scattered with cuts, old scars and burns - proof of the battles they’d won side by side - of the lives they lived that were uniquely and wholly theirs. There was no one in this universe or the next who could understand Steve’s whole being, his fears, his desires, his insecurities, more than Tony.
His hand slipped up and down, he shuddered, letting himself feel his heavy cock get thicker in his grip. What would he want right now, if he had someone who wanted to help him with his loneliness? Sinking into the bed, he let himself imagine sturdy arms wrapped around his body. The sheets were mangled under him as he moved his hips in time with his strokes, the warm blanket mimicking the sensation of hands running down his sides. He could almost picture handsome, dark eyes watching him. A deep, soothing voice telling him how good he was being. How good he felt. As he pumped himself, he tried not to make his fantasy too specific, but his hips jerked and swirled as he got closer to the edge -and at the last second, he imagined a puff of warm breath on the side of his neck, the tender feeling of being held, and that send a shiver down his spine.
“Yeah. Okay.” Tony’s heart almost leapt out through his reactor. The sun had set now, and he could see a few dimly lit stars appearing in the sky behind Steve’s radiant smile. “May I take you on a date tomorrow?”
“I miss Mr. America too.” Ned said bring some red , white and blue flowers and placing him by his grave. This site was private only friend and family knew. They had a public place for fans to mourn this was for his family, his official grave site
His hands shook and he clung to Steve. “I had them run tests but... I’m not pregnant.”
“I thought i saw him this morning making coffee after his morning run. “ Bucky answered his hand tightening around Tony’s. He couldn’t believe that Steve was actually gone, that the world didn’t have him in it.
“You are an ass and No. “ Steve took a beeline towards the couch just so he could give Tony a quick kiss on his lips. “Your surprise is in our bedroom. And my pasta is burning.”
“Tony.....I ....” Just hearing his voice had Tony’s heart racing. No ! No ! He can’t let him get to him like this. Steve literally broke his Heart when he drove his own father's shield into his chest cavity.
“God. Steve….” Tony threw his head back as he rode Steve’s hard cock On their couch because He could wait to go to their bed and beside Dodger was fast asleep on it.
Tony knew what today was had been dreading it all week. Three year anniversary or was suppose to be but Steve made it perfectly clear that he wanted Bucky. So much for his happy ending and he was so certain that he would have it this time. He could taste it this time......he was so close. But like always the carpet got pulled out from under him and he was left holding the pieces of his broken heart. Tony was usually better at putting them back together but with Steve he just couldn’t no matter how hard he tried there were pieces that were missing and he had come to the conclusion that Steve had them and he wasn’t getting them back. He’d just have to go on the rest of his life With holes in his heart.
“I .... what do you remember?” Rhodey asked as he stepped forward to Touch the scars on his arm. He remembers Seeing them when they moved Tony from the battle field, it was Steve who did and Rhodey thinks that when Steve snapped.
“It's a little too late....Steve you made your choice. You didn’t care when you left me in Siberia all alone with no way of getting home.”
Steve had been gone only for a month, Killed on a mission. He died protecting His son and Died In Nat’s  Arms telling her to tell Tony  that he was sorry he won’t see the birth of his twins.
“I fuck him? Great he hates me now...he’ll just love me after this.”
“Yeah that’s done and I am gonna tell my love that he has to dial back Cap too. We can retire and raise our child. “ Tony knew were he was gonna bring his family far away from the spotlight where Tony could finally be happy.
“For real? Like you are gonna be a mother?” Pepper asked in disbelief not really judging him but she truly never thought Tony had it in him. Of course she didn’t think he could hold a relationship like he was having with Steve.
“He couldn’t wait to marry you. All he talked about. Wanted Elope but I said Pepper would kill him if she didn’t get plan the wedding. ..... “ Bucky let out a soft laugh before taking Tony’s hand. “He would do again and again..... he saved Peter. “
It had been nearly a year since Tony had snapped and Sacrificed himself for mankind. From that moment on Captain America was no more. He became Steve Rogers and nothing more.
Tony stood up from the couch and walked toward his bedroom very curious as to what Steve had gotten him and when he opened the door he wasn’t expecting A puppy with a bow wrapped around him, sitting on their bed with a big goofy grin on his face.
“I miss him too.”
“Tony? “ Steve asked his voice low and confused. As he stood up and looked around the room. “What happened ? Did we just have sex?”
Rhody No! He would arrest Steve if Tony told him why he was having a panic attack. He never agreed with Tony’s relationship with Steve But  as he said he couldn't help but notice how happy Steve made him. “ Damn that smile on your face is permanent isn’t it ?” Tony remembers him saying.
“You should have let me.” Steve said as the door hissed opened and the Captain left Tony.
“ me too.” That was something new That Tony was able to cum without touching his cock, of course Steve has a massive Cock and it always hits his prostate dead on. “Steve.” Tony cried and came across his love’s chest seconds later He felt Steve erupted His seed inside of him.
Tony stood and went to his son. Holding him in his arms. The twins started crying at peters outburst. “Bucky can you handle the twins for a moment. Please?”
He stopped in the doorway when he saw it lined with Roses and sunflowers ( his favorite) all the way down the hallway and right towards the kitchen.
The other him smiled. He didn’t buy it.
“I’m not Kree. I just look like one. You can ask your security people.”
“But… but…”
Steve took a step back and dragged Tony back with him.
Tony was skipping ahead of the group. The ship always made Tony giddy and light, like the proverbial kid in the candy store. “Voilá, the Excelsior!”
“Hey, Grant. Coffee’s ready,” Rhodes said when Steve entered the kitchen. He was leaning against the counter, drinking his coffee and playing with a bagel. Natasha was sitting down at the table and staring at her granola as if it held all the answers in the universe. Neither of them looked well-rested. They were dark circles under their eyes and they hadn’t showered yet. Steve hadn’t been the only one walking down Avenue What If that morning.
Steve nodded — the trader would be more annoyed if they all stayed — and followed Tony. “Wait up!”
“That’s… I can’t tell you that. You made a choice. That’s what matters.”
“I needed to warn you! You don’t know what the Kree are like!”
On the laptop screen, a blinking dot was cutting across the map. Tony put his finger on top of it and followed it through alleys, street markets, and avenues. He sighed and leaned back on the bed. Who was he kidding? Staring at it wouldn’t make Steve’s steady march towards their hotel room any slower. Nothing short of a terrorist attack or a bank robbery or a kitty trapped in a tree would because Steve wasn’t the type to get stalled checking out the local cuisine or the local strippers. But then again, Tony used to think that Steve wasn’t the type to suck cock. Maybe Steve would surprise him again when he found Tony laying in a pool of his own come.
Steve nodded. He had already memorized the entire thing.
Steve turned to look at her.
Bruce snorted. “The Enterprise was too obvious a Star Trek reference?”
As the wind raged through the empty street and chilled him down to his bones, Steve burrowed into his jacket and hurried his pace. He was near the rendezvous point — or at least he thought he was. They had said his memory was supposed to be eidetic now.  Anything he saw would become a snapshot of reality engraved in his brain, without any effort on his part. So far they seemed to be right, but it was still odd to trust his memory that much.  He kept walking, following the map in his head across a city he had never been in before.
“Do you have any specific idea of which part of it we’re exploring?”
The dark haired boy wasn’t the only child Steve wondered about. Neither Peggy nor the other man had mentioned any children but still… did he have a family now, a family he couldn't see? Grown children? Maybe even some grandchildren? It ached, the doubt gnawing his insides. What was he supposed to do? Wait until the machine was ready, until people figured out how to time travel? Freeze his life? Why hadn't they left him in the ice instead of making him go through this simulacrum of a life?
"I can't believe you're alive. You… I'm so happy you're here. I thought… I thought I’d never see you again."
‘We’re not. I’m just helping out a teammate.’
“You know, I’m so glad we’re leaving tomorrow,” Tony said, with a slice of pizza in each hand.
The office looked Spartan at first sight, but then you noticed how comfortable the chairs were and that the art had been chosen with a great, keen eye… before you realized again that the paint on the walls was peeling and one of the windows was broken. Did Tony Stark have enough funding for this? Behind the desk, there was a brunette lady with an unimpressed look.
He sprinted towards the soldier at full speed. The Kree wouldn’t realize he was a Super Soldier and it made no sense to hide, not when his life was at risk. The soldiers didn’t break formation and began firing. He couldn’t dodge all the shots — he smelled blood and he was pretty sure it was his —, so instead he jumped through the air and crashed into the squadron from above.
“Never.”
There was one thing Tony knew: he couldn’t, under any circumstances, jerk off. This wasn’t what they had agreed to. His role here was to be a friend and a protector. The guy in charge, not another one of the horny bastards. So he had to keep his instincts in check. Steve deserved better than a guy with no self-control, than a friend who couldn’t take his eyes off the cock sliding into Steve’s mouth so deep Tony was sure it was hitting Steve’s throat.
When he closed the crate, he looked around to check if he had forgotten anything. The apartment looked the same as before he had packed because he had barely taken anything from it. He wouldn’t miss it and he wouldn’t miss the things he left behind. He wouldn’t miss this deformed, gargantuan New York. He wouldn’t miss anything. Everything that was there, he had already lost.
Steve meets the crew!
“So Grant over here…” everybody looked at Tony. Their furtive eyes and frowned brows made it clear they feared a repeat of last night. “…he found out about some sort of alien carnival.”
She looked aside. “Do you want… we can talk about…”
‘I’d say you did.’
Steve held up his hands. “Rhodesrox.”
“Promise us you’ll come back,” she said.
Steve blinked. Was Tony that tired? Or was the babbling supposed to make sense? “Hm, yeah?”
“Yes sir !” Tony laughed but did what he wa told anyway Coming to take a seat on the couch, only stopping to laugh out loud when Steve came rushing past him wearing an apron.
“Steve. W.what do you want ? ``Tony tried to sound like he was on the verge of breaking down but failing miserably. Steve was his everything and he loved His with all his heart and all that was in him.
Silent tears fell down his face.
Walking back to the couch with the scotch bottle in his hand, he sat down as he noticed the Bag that he had made Steve all those months ago. It had little booties and pacifier along with a joke book that said “let’s make a baby.” The bag also contained a doctor office visit that said Stark, Anthony had removed his birth control contraceptive. He was going to surprise Steve when he got back from the compound . They had a weekend plan to go to the Hampton’s. Tony was gonna give it to Steve while the laid on the hammock looking over the ocean. Tony had it all planned. The Ross had to drop the accords on their laps and rip Tony’s heart outta of his chest at the same time.
Tony was crying the twins were asleep finally and Peter was still in his room. Steve looked so handsome on their wedding day. They were supposed to grow old together. He wasn’t supposed to be a war widow.
“I am dreaming !” Rhodey said as he slammed down onto the ground next to him. Tony couldn’t be back, they buried him. “Good hallucination....really But I would have pictures you more cocky. “
“Tony.”
He angrily wipe away the tears that fall down his cheek. Tony shouldn’t let Steve get to him like this. It was over the second he drove his shield in his heart and left him for dead.
“Sir? Shall I play a different song ?”
Walking away would have taken a better man that tony couldn’t be. He hope beyond hope that Steve would forgive him for what he was about to do.
Getting up he looked around again. There was a new building. It looked as if they rebuilt the compound. He could see people training. And a familiar suit flying around. Iron Patriot. He couldn’t help the tears.
Now he could very well tell him ‘I told you so’ and he was right. Steve broke his heart and Tony was picking up the pieces.
Tony was rocking on the ground when Rhodey came rushing on using the legs that tony had made him. “Tony?!” Rhodey shouted as he got down on the floor and pulled his friend into a hug.
Sarah began to fuss and after burping Morgan he traded Sarah with Morgan from Bucky. Letting Sarah nurse from his other breast. “God they have their father’s appetite, that's for sure.”
“Why? Why did they take him from me?!” He sobbed.
“Condoms ?” Tony asked like Steve honestly cared about that. And like he guessed Steve whined as he shook his head no.
“Fine !!! Fine ! Fuck!” Tony shouted  when all eyes fall on him. Tony had to whither or not he wanted too. He just hope Steve would forgive him for what he was about to do.
“I know he is,” Tony reassured Peter. Kissing his head full of curls. “He always will. I talk to him sometimes. And I feel like he listens.”
“Tony. ..I am cumming.” Steve moaned and tighten around Tony’s cock as he cum shot across the room, which normally held Criminal that the avengers brought in.
“Promise,” he rested their foreheads together. At the mention of their unborn child he frowned. His brows knitting together in sorrow. “I didn’t know Steve. I didn’t know I was pregnant. I swear.”
Knocking on the door after the nano tech went back into its storage in the arc reactor.
“Rest my darling, I’ll be here when you wake. I promise.”
“Whoa There partner.” Tony said pushing or more trying to push the very horny Wae hero away. “I think you should at least buy me drinks first.”
“Steve. You’ve been hit with this pollen from this chick. And if you don’t have sex...with me.” Tony let out a nervous chuckle still in great denial that this was happening .  “than you will die.”
The gang is debating on who has to go in there.
{text from my love <3 <3 }} I have my ways.
A groan left his lips as the liquor burned his throat but at least he was feeling something that wasnt this empty sadness.
“If you save his life”
Tears pooled in his eyes, his other hand went to his stomach. A baby. Tears spilled down his cheeks. Everything in him shook and he sat down on the grass. “Do we know where steve is?”
The chair and walked over to the liquor cabinet. He had been a daily visitor since Steve walked out of his life. He grabbed the scotch and poured it down his throat, he didn’t need a glass it only complicated things.
“You Just need to take your shirt off since that’s all Doctor needs...if you have an undershirt you can leave it on. “ the kind Nurse instructed Tony who was kinda grateful since he was subconscious about the arc reactor still embedded in his chest. Only Steve was permitted to see and touch it, he was the only one he didn’t get Repulsed by it. That didn’t stare at it like Tony was a freak.
“Don’t leave tonight. Please.” Tony said as he Swallowed the pills dry. “I don’t want to be alone tonight. “
He had grabbed the stones and snapped his own fingers. The pain. It was like no other. Worser than the battery being put into his chest with no anesthesia. Steve comforting him as he died. Even though he saw it was killing him on the inside.
“Thank you.” Tony put down the magazine he was reading back down on the table and stood up ready to be shown where to go. He was nervous and giddy at the same time. This was the biggest step he had ever taken in a relationship with anyone.
“He hasn’t been in months.”  Sam said brushed past Bucky. They were exactly friends but getting there and some nights Sam liked him, when Bucky could be proven useful.
To say that Tony never slept would be the understatement of the year. If he got two hours every so often he would consider that a win but lately he was sleeping 5-6 hours wrapped in his lovers arms. His only problem was that his love got up at an ungodly hour to go jogging. Like seriously who gets up at 5:30 willingly?
“It has to be you. Tony.” Bruce who had been hiding in the Corner spoke up. He had been doing some researching on the villain and came to the conclusion that they first person they laid eyes in or else it won’t work. “He saw you first and won’t be cured until …..well….”
His hands were shaking as he flipped open the phone and brought to his ear. “Steve ?”
Tony snorted but nodded. He had all his memories from before. Even those of him dying. They still haunted his dreams. He was sure they did steve too.
“Okay. “ tony said as he stripped himself of his pants and stepped forward. His cock was hard and he wished he could say it took a lot but second he saw Steve naked And desperate or went hard as rock. God, he need help of this was turning him on.
“I love you.”
When tony woke he had no idea for a moment where he was and that he was even alive. But as he sat up he realized he was on the ground. Laying in grass that was once the Avengers compound. Sitting up he notice a simple marker. Reading it he suddenly remembered. Thanos almost had the gauntlet. He was getting ready to snap his fingers. One. This was the one outcome in which they won. His heart dropped. He immediately thought of Steve. Of the future they wanted after they got everyone back. But he knew what he had to do.
The last conversation would be the hardest — so this time he waited until he was calm enough, before going to the other man’s office. The office was small and cramped with files and boxes and framed pictures of Peggy, but it was also empty. He asked one of the guards — the other man was overseeing training a few floors below and the guard’s expression told Steve that was a normal occurrence.
“How do you know that?”
Tony’s eyes shone brightly under the moonlight and his smile… Steve wished every year, for the rest of his life, began with one of Tony’s smiles.
Tony liked to complain about it during breakfast. At first, Steve thought it was just Tony complaining for the sake of it — Tony complained a lot, about the cold, about being bored, about being busy… —, but one night Steve was jolted awake when a pillow landed squarely on his face.
“And I’m not that kind of doctor.”
He tightened his hand around Steve’s throat, just a bit, and put the other hand on top of Steve’s head.
The man shrugged. It was an admission of guilt. He tried to picture himself, carrying himself like his man did — moving in the careful way somebody used to the shadows moved, and talking with an all-encompassing air of loss.
The prettiest of them — lean muscles, elegant nose, shiny brown hair — grabbed Steve by the hips and without so much as a
The next day, a black car was waiting for him outside his house, at the crack of dawn. The man driving it said nothing during the drive, so Steve was devoid of distractions. He tried to keep his mind blank, to avoid building up expectations but he couldn’t help but imagine where he was going. Maybe some white building that defied gravity, covered in glass. Maybe a large complex full of people, rolling out on the grass. But whatever his expectations were, they were dashed when after an hour or two of driving, they stopped in front of a dilapidated hangar in the middle of nowhere. The only other building was a small concrete box next to it.
“We need to get serious, so after leaving the station, we’ll start training. All of us. We’ll have defined duties and a chore schedule everybody will follow this time.”
“But why not make us team up with somebody with actual combat experience?”
It couldn’t be so hard to retrace his steps in his mind. There was a right turn he hadn’t been sure about and… A shadow moved behind his back, a shadow that wasn’t Tony. Steve turned around, ready to hit their face with his elbow, but the shadow avoided the hit.
Batroc pushed the bridge of his foot against Steve’s dick. He rocked his hips against it, enjoying the painful pressure.
“What? You all know my password?” Everybody on the crew shrugged. Even Steve had seen Rhodes use it on the ship’s console. He had meant to talk to him about security measures but he had been lazy and now they were paying the price. “Okay, fine. Nat likes to sing disco songs in the shower.”
“Do you know how to get to the docks from here?” Tony asked. “Because I don’t.”
“Are you insane? We don’t know if we can eat it!”
Interesting, Steve thought. They had proof there were aliens? Nobody had told him that. Nobody seemed to know about it, either. He had checked — like he had checked if spaceships existed or if he could buy a flying car. Except for the polio vaccine, the future had always disappointed him.
“Tourists? More like spies.”
The rooftop was covered in cables and a myriad of odd antennae, but they didn’t have the time to wonder. What mattered was that they could see a few limping, bloodied Kree crawling out the sewer like cockroaches. They were dragging a small figure Steve recognized immediately. He walked to the edge of the rooftop and prepared to jump.
“So you hoped I’d be too polite to ask for it now that you’ve already used it?”
“You, stubborn? I hadn’t noticed.”
"Yes but… you're not married yet."
“Hey, who did you report back at SHIELD?” she asked. She remembered his file, then. Probably better than Steve did.
‘Stop this! Rule five!’
‘There’s a lot of things most people don’t know about Captain America.’
“Hey! I was creating life!”
“You’re supposed to wait until I’ve said you can speak when you raise your hand, but let’s pretend you did. What’s your suggestion?”
She was smiling at him and it was… it was genuine. It had been a while since so many people had smiled at him. “I won’t beat around the bush. I don’t think we should leave, not without a doctor.”
“I won’t leave you here. Let me carry you.”
“What? No, I’m just…”
“Probably have nothing better to do,” Steve said with fake cheer. It seemed to grate on Strange.
“Oh, we’d rather not. We have some appointments to keep. People to visit. You know. Tourism.”
Do something? Steve glanced over his shoulder, but Tony wasn’t there. Steve was alone, kneeling in front of a hard dick and feeling lost.
“Grant Stevens. Good name. Like a 60s movie star,” he said, finally looking up at Steve. His eyes were dark, brown and expressive, with delicate eyelashes.
“I get it. Why you’re mad. We put ourselves at risk. We slacked off. We should’ve been better.”
He really needed to ask what that Star Trek thing was about.
“How many secrets do you have?"
‘I think I’m way better company than Fury… but I get it.’ Stark leaned forward and kissed him one last time. ‘Until next time.’
The man dancing with the brunette had nothing to do with that Tony.
He grinned and did a quick sketch of Pym with smoke coming out of his ears. Not his best work, but it made Nat laugh so much that Clint came over to see what the fuss was about.
“They have him. The Kree,” Steve said. No need to drag it out: Rhodes would hate him anyway. “A squad caught up to us. There was an explosion and… we got separated.”
“You better catch me,” she said. Then she took a few steps backward. She sprinted towards Steve and, right before she hit the heap of rubble, she jumped on his hands. Without much effort, he helped her jump up. When she grabbed what was left of the ladder, it wavered but it didn’t fall. Nat pushed herself up the ladder and out to the streets. Steve sighed with relief. That was step one out of the way.
“You’ve made up your mind, then.”
“I’m pretty sure I’m not a Skrull.”
The bathroom door lit up in the darkness and an unctuous voice greeted him. ‘Bonsoir, mon capitain.’
“You know. Planets. Space beasts. And plenty of… interesting people. Good people too.”
He knew who the kid was, but he wasn’t feeling generous.
There wasn’t much left to say after that. On his way out, he stopped to look at the pictures of Howard’s family – the other man was there in a few of them, younger and looking almost like him. Sometimes there was also some dark haired boy. He wondered what his name was and how old he’d be now. Howard hadn't mentioned him, even if he had talked about his wife. Just more things he didn’t know about.
When she put it like that, it sounded like a suicide mission and Steve’s only comfort was knowing he’d survive no matter what. The future and the past depended on it.
“So we’re all ready?” Rhodes asked. “No more last-minute crew additions?”
He turned on the cold water.
“Wow, low blow. Look, I’m coming with you. I told you I am, but this isn’t a cruise and you need to…”
“That’s no problem. We know how to make ‘people who know nothing’ talk.”
He had wanted to be an artist, once upon a time in a different world, but now it was something that belonged to him, that he could do on his own time. Not a duty, not a job, just a hobby.
“Wow, you really are scared he’s gonna beat you,” Steve said with a grin.
Pepper was in the small office reviewing the contracts one last time, checking everything had been signed. Her clothes were perfect, but her eyes were full of tears and her hair was a mess.
“I’m a genius, I can solve it.”
He turned around and faced Howard. “I have. Your son knows what he’s doing.".
He put his two hands together and flexed his knees a little.
Tony nodded.
By speaking the truth inside his heart, Steve had broken the time loop.
“Next,” a female voice said.
and Tony would come to his rescue. But the Harvester Protocol — he had to get the intel. He could play along for a while. He wasn’t usually the one playing honeypot, but it couldn’t be so hard.
“I like credits.”
Oh, just Steve then. Right outside the bathroom door. ‘Who else could it be? Want to…?’
In a borrowed suit that hung too big on his shoulders, Steve felt like a child.  Why had he come? Nobody cared about Tony Stark’s new artist. Nobody asked him about his dashing adventures or brushes with death. He gulped down his flat champagne. It was disgusting, but champagne always was.
Steve twisted in the air, remembering a lifetime of scuffles and a year of whirling battles, and caught Tony’s body in his arms. Their eyes locked with each other as they fell to the ground.
“I’m… glad you’ve made this decision,” she said and she wasn’t lying because her smile was warm and genuine but Steve knew her enough to guess at the hidden sadness. “I can’t believe you’ll be our first man in space. We couldn’t ask for anyone better.”
They looked at each other, sizing each other up.
you were a Star Trek dork.”
Hulk tilted his head and then shrugged. ‘Sounds fun,’ he said, grinning.
His face reddened with shame and tears prickled his eyes. He had gotten hard and Tony knew. Tony knew. He shut his eyes. The job. The mission. He had to make Batroc come. Tony had said so.
The Skrull guards surrounded them. Steve willed his shoulders down and calmed down his breathing. They couldn’t afford to be stupid, but… he bit his lip. He had been too soft on the crew, too lenient. They were nowhere ready for a confrontation.
“That can’t be," he muttered under his breath. He put the chair on the floor and leaned his weight on it.
‘I… because I know about sex clubs?’
“Need-to-know basis. It’s a spy organization. They like their secrets there.”
It will try deflection. “Here,” it answers and raises its arms, with its palms open.
It had been such a hypnotic image — Steve’s lips stretched the thick dick, slobbering all over its length — that at first, he didn’t understand why the hairy guy was taking his cock out Steve’s mouth. But then it became clear. Steve’s face was a vision — drool and cum dribbled out his mouth and down his chin and now another guy had pushed his dick into Steve’s waiting wet mouth. Tony put a fist inside his mouth and bit down. No more watching, no more wanting. His job was to take care of Steve, not fucking him.
‘Ah. So you
He wasn’t the only one who made them train — Tony would end each day drilling them on the spaceship’s schematics and giving them lessons on what they knew about space. There were some insane theories about rainbow bridges that Steve thought sounded stupid, but stranger things had happened. The lessons would end when the first of them fell asleep. After that, Tony would stay awake until dawn, pouring over the star charts. He wasn’t as reckless as he pretended to be, so Steve let him sleep in and skip the worst of his training.
‘Because I… well, I thought you’d enjoy it. Was I wrong?’
“Why are you here? Why did you stay? I told you to go to the ship!”
“Really, Clint.”
What? Tony blinked and looked down. Oh. There was a huge star on his chest which had somehow escaped his notice. He was blushing, wasn’t he? As if people didn’t normally steal their boyfriend’s clothes. Particularly when they were almost the same size.
“… yes. I guess it is time. Hey, Stevens?” Tony turned around, a sad smile on his face. Steve felt like throwing up. “Take good care of them.”
"You must know by now."
Stark leaned closer but before he could whisper something in his ear, somebody coughed loudly behind Steve. He flinched and moved away from Stark. This was just a distraction. Mind on the job, he had to keep his mind on the job. He looked over his shoulder: a tall blond man was sneering at them. Stark’s eyes narrowed and his smile became a thin taut line.
‘Hey, I’m not mad! I know you’re there! I know you did this.’
"Oh, darling, whenever you want."
“Stars aren’t the only things out there.”
‘Yes. If you’re unwilling to pay what I’m asking for,’ Batroc said, hooking a thumb under his waistband and leaving it there. ‘I have two words for you — Harvester Protocol.’
He was startled out of the dizzy haziness that had taken over his mind by Batroc’s hot stream of come striking his face. It dripped down his cheek, sticky and uncomfortable, and brought him back to his body. His jaw throbbed with pain, sweat pooled under his armpits, and, worst of all, his dick was so hard it hurt. He didn’t take his eyes off the floor and his fingers dug into his thighs. Sucking Batroc’s cock was one thing, doing it while Tony watched was… How could he face him again?
Now that they were closer, Steve could see their unfocused eyes and their faces covered with dust and blood. Some of them were bleeding or missing limbs. Others were crumbled behind the barricade, no longer breathing. Steve knew soldiers: the guards were at the end of their rope.
‘I don’t pout.’
“Laura’s gonna agree with me this situation required it.”
“Nick Fury. Yeah.”
Stark’s eyes flashed and his grin deepened. So he
“You’re not, though. You look like a mess and act like one too."
“Go grab your bo…ss, I’ll keep an eye on Bruce and Laura.”
‘Welcome, welcome. I always love seeing a new face. Especially a pretty one.’
The dark haired boy, probably. Old enough to design spaceships already, when he hadn’t even existed when Steve had gone into the ice. “Why aren’t they talking?”
The rest of the crew stared at Steve. So maybe he had been rude, but he had a point! He had warned Bruce about wandering off and about how everybody needed to have a partner with them at all times. He had talked about Skrulls, about being prepared and they had never ever listened. He was more experienced while they… sometimes it pained Steve, how young they looked, how little they knew.
Steve shook his head. “It’s fine. Listening to you was fun even if I didn’t understand any of it.”
‘Who says I’m not charmed?’ he said, glancing at Tony.
“Not exactly. Take off your shirt. It’s ruined anyway.”
“I can share,” Steve said. A doctor was too good an asset to pass up because of creature comforts. He had slept in worse places and with worse people.
Even if he was determined to take his time relaxing under the warm water for once, that morning was the same as every morning: his military training took over and he was out of the shower and back in the kitchen fully dressed in record time. He was feeling generous, so instead of waking Nat up, he watched the stars as he sipped on his morning coffee. When he was done and the cup was clean, he went to the rec room’s control panel and turned on all the bedroom lights. A groan came from Clint’s room and he smiled. His work was done.
Tony opened the faceplate. ‘Well, I missed you. And the team.’
“So… let’s be quick. Suit has life support systems and should provide some protection against weaponry and explosions, but not enough that we should risk a battle. If we run across people who want to kill us, we run, okay? And don’t raise your hand, Grant, because yes, it has a communicating-device-cum-universal translator, courtesy of the Kree Empire.”
Steve ducked, went through the crack, and was hit by a wave of disappointment. The alien bar looked like… a bar. Low lighting, an empty dance floor, and a long counter covered in drunks… Okay, the drunk on the counter was Strange. But at least the patrons had more legs than Steve was used to and the bartender was a mass of wringing tentacles. Rhodes was talking to it.
Tony didn’t let go of his hand, even when Steve gave it a squeeze. Its warmth and the way Tony’s palm fit against Steve’s was… even more out of place than the creature in front of them clicking its beak and opening and closing its claws above its head.
name, human?”
‘Sure you don’t. So what are the new rules?’
“Is it, really? A second chance?”
“You aren’t the only super soldier around now.”
Americans, that’s what I’d call odd.’
He flinched.
Something told him she was going to pick the worst moment to do so and probably smile sagely while doing so, but his only choice was to nod. “Fine. Please be careful about the Skrulls. We know they…”
Howard was sitting on his big glass desk, talking on the phone when Steve got in. “Sorry, Ambassador, I’ve got to…” Howard said and hung up on whoever that was. Beyond Howard’s desk, Steve could see the city flourishing with new buildings, taller and taller, closer to the sky. A modern Babel lost in its own cacophony.
“I’m going to give Tony’s his dinner,” Rhodes said when Steve sat down. He grabbed one of the plates and left, without even looking at Steve.
“Grant, we eat lobster on Earth, don’t we? This is the same! I got a lot more than I thought I would — I knew I had to keep the stale bread! Turns out it’s a delicacy in this side of the galaxy.”
‘So… time loop, probably,’ Tony said. ‘You know what those are?’
“You know what? Just for today, you’ve got yourself a discount. One percent, one month.”
“Considering the science division is two people and one of them doubles as our entire engineering crew, I think Security is doing fine.”
He was so sad he had begun to talk to himself. Maybe if he asked his friends...
“The two of us against the world. Well, the universe.”
“Hey, team,” Clint said one morning that had looked like much of the others.
‘And you’re going to waste his money on girls and booze?’
"Sorry," Steve said then left the kitchen for the driveaway.
“I will, Howard, I promise.”
Tony didn’t look up from his suitcase. “Know what?”
No. This wasn’t a murky night in Madripoor. This was a bright morning and bad decisions always tasted like cheap whiskey when the mornings were this bright. And it had been a bad decision: Steve and Tony barely managed to be friends and Tony knew that whenever he added sex to the mix, somebody ended up dead. So no shower sex for him.
“Like I said, I’m joining you because I checked — none of you is a doctor. And that’s frankly stupid.”
“So, I have Laura and you…” Clint said.
It is wrong, then. Being wrong is a new feeling.
He was jarred out of his dreams by the shrill insistent ringing of his alarm clock. His arm darted from under his blanket and turned it off. Burrowed in the blankets — the ship was colder than he expected —, he hoped the sound hadn’t bothered Tony. He opened one eye and peeked. Tony was still deeply asleep, so he hadn’t heard. Steve had been lucky, but they needed to coordinate shifts so they wouldn’t annoy each other. Well, more than usual.
“You know, I think we’re getting a little too bored.”
“Because you’re very reckless!”
“Oh, yeah, he’s not as chill as he looks like,” Tony said. “Ask him about that time his Ph.D. adviser tried to tell him he was wrong.”
Tony put his hand on Steve’s shoulder. “Meet the Excelsior.”
‘Your grandmother never cooked for you and I know it.’
“And follow my own orders? No.”
“I spent a nice morning outside of headquarters and the recruits are terrified. It was my pleasure. Good luck… Grant,” Fury said and extended his hand to him.
The conversation drifted into the familiar patterns of bartering and that’s when Tony let go of Steve’s hand and wandered down another lane. Steve closed his fist — had it been so long since somebody had taken his hand? It was the only explanation for the sinking feeling in his gut. Clint waved at him.
“How long…” Steve started to say, trying to picture Laura as a bride or Clint as a groom. There was something incongruous about it. “Sorry, maybe you don’t want to…”
“So, this is our… office,” Natasha said.
‘Tony? Is that you in the…?’
The voice sounded odd yet familiar. He turned around with the chair still over his head. The stranger was… At first, Steve didn't want to believe it. But the broad shoulders, the muscles, the steely blue eyes, were too identical. Too familiar. He was older and his hair had started going gray around the temples, but he could recognize his own face. He wondered how old he was. Had the serum slowed that down? He had never dared to imagine what it’d do to his aging. It had always felt like too much of an illusion, as if imagining a life of peace was tempting fate.
cold and so was the bed cover, so he shivered when he laid back on the bed. He kicked his clothes off the bed and Steve whimpered when they hit the floor. Tony didn’t pay him any attention: he was busy covering his fingers with lube. Tony had seen Steve’s cock before and he’d need all the help he could get. Once his hands were messy enough, he raised his hips and slid one finger in.
“Then leave the mission,” Tony said, looking up to Steve.
“I feel inadequate just looking at you.”
Before even opening his eyes, Steve knew something was off. The bed was too soft, the smell too septic. He heard the faint bustle of a city but it was way louder it should have been even if there were no distant bombs and no alarms blaring. When he finally opened his eyes, he was welcomed by the sight of a blank, off-white ceiling. He was inside a building then.
Important news, then. ‘What is it? New swear jar? New rules for reimbursements?’
The man laughed again, but there was no joy in it. Steve's fists were starting to itch.
The Tower’s living room was chaos, brimming with half-eaten food, forgotten plastic cups, and cheery Avengers. Everybody was there, even the people who didn’t live in the Tower: Scott and Hope were arguing about which one of them had shrunk the sofa; T’Challa was standing on a corner with an entire tray of Sam’s mom cookies on his lap. Sam and Nat were sitting on the floor where the sofa used to be. Then Captain Marvel dared Ms. Marvel to an arm-wrestling competition — Steve smiled as everybody else stood up and went to them. Thor and the Hulk were loudly cheering for Carol and Clint and Vision were the leading cheerleaders for Kamala. Well, Vision was merely nodding approvingly, but Dante was doing enough noise for both of them. Hidden in the crowd, Tony and Jane whispered to each other.
“So. Welcome to the Stark Space Program. I like to think our motto is…”
It wouldn’t work on Steve.
“So you’re a Skrull too, Grant?”
Strange raised an eyebrow, but then told him he had passed his tests. “They’ll be lucky to have you.”
‘I don’t know what you’re talking about, Hawkeye,’ Steve said.
It has been five hours. The prisoner has not spoken. It has tried electrocution, blunt force, laceration, and asphyxiation, but there have been no successes. This was not expected and does not fit available data.
“You’re packing, Clint?” Steve asked.
, he thought. He hadn’t had time to change, time to become the man leaning against the door, with his sad eyes and gray temples. He took a step forward, but she flinched a bit and couldn't hide it quick enough.
“On the count of three! One, two…”
“I’m not sure, Peg, I’m just…”
“Oh, really? Why don’t you tell me?”
He moved aside and the three of them walked into the ship in silence. Everything looked the same, as if nothing had happened. The crew huddled in the cockpit, ready for take-off.
Steve’s rumbling laughter warmed Tony all over.
Steve wanted to ask what Pictionary was, but decided not to. For once, he didn’t feel out of place and he didn’t want to be reminded of all the things he didn’t know.
No, he thought, he had only rescued Bucky once. But he would rescue him eventually and all would be well, right? This was how it was going to end. They’d be together again. They’d move on from the war. He took a step back. “You don’t look…”
Everybody, that is, except Steve. Steve always rose just before dawn, so he could squeeze one round of training before school. The rest of the Avengers never ever followed his example, and that astounding lack of effort was the reason they kept losing to the X-Men at dodgeball. Steve would have to make up for it, then, all by himself.
“Hey, what’s wrong?”
The one dry towel was on Steve’s bed. It wasn’t surprising Steve had missed it, even considering his usual acute awareness of his surroundings, because Steve still looked out of it. All Tony wanted to do was coddle him, take care of him, make sure he was okay, but he didn’t know how to do that. Before, during the… interview with Batroc, Tony had gone with the flow and Steve had enjoyed every moment. He wanted to forget what had gone down, but Steve’s slow movements, unfocused eyes, and slurred words made it impossible.
There was a sizzling sound and then the generator’s humming flooded the vault, way louder now. Steve looked over his shoulder: Tony was staring at his work, with his hands on his hips and sweating all over. Everything was brighter now and the filters were working better because Steve was already smelling the difference.
Then, he heard two raised, angry voices getting closer and froze — one was Tony’s, the other one was unfamiliar to Steve. It was loud, but Steve was the only one who could understand what was being said because everybody else was still inside the kitchen. If they heard anything at all, they would feel uncomfortable, but not as much as Steve and his super-hearing would.
“Notes? Weren’t notes the tool of the forgetful, the bane of true genius?”
He took his phone but then decided against calling Peggy or Bucky. They'd try to make him stay out of obligation or fear. But he couldn’t be afraid, not when he knew the outcome. He’d survive the trip because he had to. And besides… he looked out of the window and pretended he could see the stars. What was there, waiting? He had read so many novels about it, so many comics about aliens and adventures in faraway planets. Nobody would know his name. He could be somebody else until it was time to go back to his own life, until the tech was ready and he was able to go back to his past.
“Really? What else is there?”
“And what’s coming, Grant? What does your paranoia tell us?” Nat asked.
“If he’s alive, he’ll hold on for long enough for us to rescue. He’s tougher than he looks,” Strange said, when he was finished with his work. He raised his eyes and stared at Steve. “We all are.”
“Well, we’ve got to go back to our ship now, but we can do it later,” he said to the kid.
“Oh, hm. Sorry, Mr. Boulder.”
were right for the job. You’re too old for it.”
Steve shook his head. It was hard to find the words, so all he did was hide his face against Tony’s neck and tremble.
"Just to keep you company."
“I’ll stay too, Grant,” Nat said, finally unfurling from her position. “I can see you’re itching to get out.”
“I’ll make some coffee,” she said and stood up from the table.
Life settled into a routine. He spent his days drawing the new city, punching bags and reading up on the history he had had a hand in shaping, even if he didn’t remember it. SHIELD paid for the bags he broke and for his rent, so he didn’t even need to work. They started filling his fridge with groceries once they realized Steve hated this brave new world and how everything tasted and smelled. The only place he enjoyed was the gym — it looked old and decrepit. Out of place, like he felt.
“Can you draw Pym? He looks ready to burst.”
“I’m not implying anything.” Tony waited for a beat. “I’m
“A bar brawl,” Steve said. Clint had now joined the fray by sucker-punching a tree-like alien who was trying to trip Nat. “We need to get away before we get into trouble.”
“Nope. We put those engines through the wringer. It’s the largest jump we’ll make. We won’t need as much cool down with the smaller jumps.”
“I have a better idea. The kid’s parents gave us a course to follow. The Skrull have to know that.”
“From Earth? How did you know to reach this place?”
“You’re both coming with us.”
“I don’t think we can survive six months in space if we don’t get along.”
“The kid told there’s gonna be one tomorrow. Games of chance, music, dancing, food. Thought it’d be interesting.”
The alien’s gills flared up. “I did not call for anybody and why would I get help from the traitorous Kree?”
But that side of Tony also had its advantages — it was the only reason Steve had gotten intel on Batroc’s whereabouts. He slowed down and crouched: the mercenary’s hotel was right across the street. A faded stout mansion, maybe not as fancy as the one Tony had chosen for Steve and himself, but it wasn’t bad either. The good news was that it boasted a balcony for each room. Steve counted them — three up, two left. Yes. That was the one. There were no lights on. Maybe Batroc was out; after all, Madripoor offered a lot for a man like him.
In fact, it didn’t take Steve and Tony one day before they began breaking the rules. The same morning the memo had been sent, there had been a robbery spree in Queens. Nothing major, just a bunch of pizza/music themed villains: Lead Pizzelin and his Pizza Posse. Clint had to give them points for the pun. Anyway, they had saved the day, the bad guys were under arrest and now the Avengers were wolfing down a mountain of pizzas, courtesy of the pizza parlor that had almost gotten robbed. The only one of them that was truly tired was Tony. Mozzartarella had covered his armor with cheese. It had taken him ages to clean it out and now he was falling asleep at the table.
‘I said stay still,’ he hissed. ‘And shut up. No talking until I tell you to.’
Steve didn’t want to wait, but it was all he could do on Earth. That’s why he had to leave, so he could stop waiting.
But the air didn’t take away the tension from his trembling body or stopped the thoughts swarming his mind. He closed his eyes and focused on the noise around the facility. Cars on the road. Birds singing in the woods. Bruce snoring on the bottom bed. Was it going to be like that on the ship? Could there be morning people and night owls in a place without days or nights? Those weren’t the only noises. In the kitchen, Natasha was rummaging through the cupboards for her favorite kind of granola. Rhodes was cursing at the coffee maker. It was time to wake up.
“Have you ever heard of a rhetorical question, Banner?”
”, finished Strange.
Howard snorted. "Life got complicated after the war."
“Not at all. You’re just a cheater who’s gonna have to make us lunch.”
Nat put a hand on Hulk’s arm. ‘He doesn’t mean… actual fencing.’
“And why would you do it? Just to help out?”
Steve frowned and pouted, but Tony wasn’t fooled: his erection hadn’t flagged, not one bit. It took him a while, but as Captain America was nothing if not stubborn, finally Tony’s shirt was open.
“You’re not going to apologize, not when you’re still angry. It’ll make everything worse.”
‘Ah! You’re done already?’ Steve said, flinching. He was completely red and Tony could tell he was clutching something in his hand.
‘…about how we were previously dating…’
‘We always start this early,’ Steve replied.
They ran after her, following her through a maze of twists and turns. Above them, small ships shot away from the station and blinked out of the sky before the Kree could catch them. If they had been lucky, the Skrull kid would be on one of those, getting to safety or at least to a safe
Steve’s cock was hard.
“It’s not a… fine. You can come. And Bruce will join you. He needs to gather samples,” Tony replied. Steve smirked — that was a sure way of breaking up Laura and Clint’s little date as well as Tony and Steve’s... mission.
But before he could reach Tony, a loud voice screamed
She walked to him with confidence and extended her hand to him. “Oh. Logistics,” he said before shaking it. Her hands were small but calloused.
Steve curled his hands into fists.
The boulder rolled away, leaving behind a sticky residue Steve did his best not to think about. Tony pointed at the trap door and Steve rolled his eyes, but he still went to his knees and opened it, grunting as if it was an effort.
“Six months?” Steve asked. “And what if… we get stuck? Or we get lost?”
Oh, he was so desperate he was beginning to go mad.
Tony let the restraints fall from his hands. ‘You liked it?’
“Stevens? What… Where’s Tony?”
“A bit. Happy does, so he’s taught me a few things.”
“And I need it first,” Strange said.
Steve grabbed onto the seat’s armrest. The hangar door opened and the ship moved forward and then accelerated. This was it. They were leaving. Steve's heart beat faster. Nobody talked.
“And I assume that sad-looking desk is my office?” Laura said.
“Bucky’s alive.”
“I won’t let you do this. Jump down, I’ll catch you!”
know how to get to the docks,” she said. Without even turning back on them, she dashed ahead.
”, Laura went on.
“You have never been to space before, right? You were surprised by really obvious stuff. And you don’t have credits. That’s stupid. Everybody knows about credits.”
He put his hands on top of Tony’s shoulders. There was muscle under there, surprisingly. “You’re not going to be alone out there! You can’t do everything on your own.”
Bruce stood up. “Oh, no, I forgot… I forgot my notes.”
Tony smiled awkwardly, held up his hands and didn’t fight back. That was surprising. Either he respected Pym or Pym was proud enough that Tony’s brand of sarcasm could endanger the funding, even as close to the wire as they were now. Pym and Tony shook hands and then Pym’s unsparing eyes focused on the crew now. He looked up and down each of them, with the unimpressed air of a drill sergeant.
“Mr. Stevens, if you don’t trust Tony, you can leave at any time. We’ll pay you for your time.”
“That’s exactly what a Skrull would say.”
‘You’re very annoying.’
‘Don’t… don’t move,’ he said.
He couldn’t take his eyes off Steve naked in the middle of the room. Oh, watching him undress had been… not the same as watching him take off the suit after a mission. Each inch of skin revealed had been… he had had to still his hands and force himself not to touch anything. He had promised Steve he wouldn’t touch him — too vehemently, maybe, but he didn’t want Steve to realize… anything; it would make things even more awkward. The only ones touching him would be the half dozen guys Tony had handpicked following Steve’s strict instructions: tall, dark hair, dark eyes, big dick. He had vetted their backgrounds so Steve didn’t end up fucking Crossbones or worse and then made them sign about fifteen airtight NDAs each.
“Good speech,” Tony said. “Really liked the death references. Lifted my spirits right up!”
They both stared at him, the popsicle still hanging from Tony’s mouth. There was a bit of saliva dripping down his beard and his lips were bright red.
“Is it always going to be like this? The waiting?” Steve asked, trying to distract Tony from arguing with Strange. He had the feeling he would have to do a lot of that.
He flushed again. A phrase floated across his mind… ‘My uncle said I couldn’t leave Berlin without trying out the nightlife.’
“You’re just jealous,” Rhodey said before walking away from the door.
‘Yes. That you are.’
“He left quickly because we’d notice, Bruce. At least I would have,” Nat said before turning back to Steve. “But he’s right. We can prepare now.”
Yet, it felt
‘Stay still.’ Steve licked his lips and lowered his hips. ‘Eyes open. Look at me fucking myself on your cock.’
“Yep. This is my bilgesnipe. I call him Snipey. It reminds me of when Grant snaps at me.”
‘Not exactly.’
“You know it can’t happen. I have to come back somehow.”
“You’re back.”
Before the island, his mind was a blank. All he remembered was a metal monster screaming, the water, and then the island.
The man walked towards him, with his hands outstretched. “You wanted an explanation - it’s 1994. Things have changed a bit.”
How much would he be able to hold on like that? Tony took his cock in his hand. ‘Maybe I’ll just come like this.’
Tony looked thoughtful and put a hand on Steve’s shoulder. “You can, you know? Stay behind. We might never make it back. Are you… are you all sure?”
(Efficiency. Really.)
‘Oh, you still have yours! That’s unfair!’ he told Steve.
"Can I … is he still…?"
Steve laid back on his seat and closed his eyes. The engines were thrumming and everybody was getting ready to sleep. He knew what they were doing. Natasha was tip-toeing into the library and grabbing some of those romance novels she pretended nobody knew she read, Bruce was still in his lab, Strange and Clint were talking about cults and sleight-of-hand in the rec room. Laura and Rhodes were already sleeping, tired after a hard day. He knew those sounds and he knew the way the ship smelled. Motor oil, sweat, and coffee — the smell of Tony.
“Wait! We cant let Steve ‘burn ‘ to death. There as got to be a way for us to help him.“
“I do too.”
“Exactly a year.”  Clint said mostly because he couldn’t get the any other words out. Tony was standing in front of him and he was finding hard to believe it.
