"John!" Sherlock looks scandalised, eyes wide and lips parted. "I've wanted you like this for so long I don't know if I can go back to just sharing a chaste kiss with you - no matter what Doctor 'I'm being responsible so don't argue with me' Watson has to say on the subject."
"Well done, buttons.  You have fought bravely and now the battle is almost won.  I salute you."  The words are whispered against the damp skin of Sherlock's heaving abdomen.  Glancing up he doesn't think Sherlock has heard his secret words, he seems to be lost in a world of sensation.  Sherlock's arm is thrown up covering his eyes, his lips parted.  Sherlock's colour is high and the fine sheen of sweat is causing his thin shirt to accentuate the lean contours of his muscles.  John's mouth waters at the sight stretched out underneath him.  He has always known Sherlock is a gorgeous man, but seeing him in full sensual abandonment makes John's heart ache at the true beauty before him.  Slowly he shifts his body so that he is lightly straddling Sherlock's thighs, the movement presses his weight briefly against Sherlock's straining erection, eliciting a gasp that is quickly cut off when Sherlock bites against his lower lip.  John's eyes remain fixed on Sherlock's face as he quickly slips the last few buttons free of their buttonholes.
He swings the coat on with a flourish and catches a glimpse of himself in the mirror, very happy with the overall look.
Sherlock fervently wishes everyone would just shut up.  His head is beginning to pound and his eyes are gritty from too little sleep, with each blink feeling like sandpaper being drawn over his eye.  He knows, realistically, that if he is left to his own devices he will agonise continually over John; dissecting all their interactions until he is too exhausted to be of any help to anyone, least of all John.
"I'll just......" The words are husky, trapped in John's throat by his rising arousal. Clearing his throat, he tries again. "I'll just go and wash up. There's massage oil on the side there, put it somewhere warm to heat up. I won't be long."
"No. Yes. Maybe."  Sherlock meets John's gaze and John can feel him silently apologising, yet again, for all the pain he had caused.  "The whole point was you weren't supposed to know.  You were supposed to think I was dead.  It was the only way to keep you safe.  Please believe me, John, I would have much preferred to have been with you than ...." Sherlock stops suddenly, seemingly realising he had said too much.
Sherlock is grateful that Rosie is spending the night with Molly and that Mrs Hudson hasn't yet returned from Bingo when John gets home from his next date.  The door slamming and the tirade of swear words are enough to wake the dead, let alone an elderly landlady or toddler.
It's an unusual position for John to be in, so much taller than Sherlock but he uses it to his advantage, tilting Sherlock's head by placing two fingers under his chin. Sherlock's breath against his face smells sweet, hints of bergamot, cinnamon and sugar dancing around in the warm huffs of air. John can resist no longer and he dips his head again to taste the lusciousness there. The kiss immediately slips from chaste to something more intimate and John moves his hand to the nape of Sherlock's neck, his fingers stroked by the silkiness of the overly long curls. John gives in to temptation further and pushes his fingers up into the soft, welcoming embrace of Sherlock's hair, all the while sliding his tongue along Sherlock's, only retreating to softly nip at full lips before returning. Neither man is trying to turn this into something more, nothing more is needed. Hearts are laid open, their contents clear to see for those who look. Words are not needed, tongues speak another language now, one that both men finally understand.
“John.  It’s Sherlock.”  He starts hesitantly, unsure what to say before deciding to tell John what has happened to him, believing that he will appreciate the knowledge.  “You had a haematoma on the left side of your brain, it caused you to suffer a series of convulsions.  They believe it be a result of the head injury you received.”  He avoids implicating Mary, not wishing to influence John’s opinion of her, that will be a conversation for another time.  “Mr Rajkoomar performed a craniotomy on you, the procedure was successful and you're in recovery now.  You’ll have a couple of new scars, of course; one on your right arm from your earlier injury; one on the left side of your head from this.  Your hair will cover it, especially if you grow it a bit longer.  The one on your arm will be partially covered by your t-shirt sleeves, totally covered by those bloody jumpers you insist on wearing.”
For a story that was originally going to be about dancing this has far less in it than I thought it would! Maybe in future chapters!? Who knows!
"No." Sherlock's rich baritone fills the room and John feels himself relaxing further from their journey. "He collected bugs, they were all over his London residence, and as you witnessed, in his pocket at the park. I investigated his flat earlier this week, it would really have been quite fascinating had there been any proper organisation. The creatures were roaming the flat in many cases, most unhygienic." Sherlock ignores John's small snort of laughter, knowing that he is being laughed at for considering loose bugs more unhygienic than stray body parts. "But he also had paperwork relating to the gems in his desk, his own notations on the paper, some sort of code. I managed to break into his private files on his laptop and he seems to have been fascinated with Empress Elisabeth, her family and her estate. Coincidences don't happen, John, he was looking into all that for a reason. The body showed, and his post-mortem confirmed, that he was malnourished and showing signs of physical neglect. He was kept somewhere, beneath even Mycroft's radar and now he turns up dead. Someone was trying to get information from him. He was killed for a reason. It was a cold blooded assassination." He winces and glances at John, aware that it's a sensitive subject. "A clear, concise message, either of a job completed or as a warning to others."
The silence that greets this statement lingers on until John clears his throat, concerned at how introspective Sherlock now looks, eyes closed, one hand near his full lips.  The noise makes Sherlock open his eyes and it takes him a second to centre himself. Cool grey-blue eyes study John for a moment before flicking over to where Lestrade stands, hands casually in his pockets.  Sherlock’s eyes flick over Lestrade, taking in everything from his loosened neck-tie, his dishevelled shirt, his blood-stained trousers to his badly scuffed shoes.  Nothing passes his gaze, including the way the smile on Lestrade’s lips doesn't quite make it to his tired eyes.
"I'm sorry, John." John leans more heavily into Sherlock, shaking his head as tears escape between his fingers.
“I’m afraid I must insist that you return to your own room, Mr Holmes.  You were allowed to remain at Doctor Watson’s side only on the condition that you returned to your room after he regained consciousness.  That has happened, you have seen that for yourself, spoken with him.  At the risk of repeating myself, which I know you abhor, you need to return to your room.  May I remind you, that you are also in recovery.”  The nurse is adamant but remains calm, a sure sign that Sherlock Holmes is far from being the only obstinate patient he has encountered.
"Bloody hell, Sherlock! Give a bloke some privacy!" John immediately feels contrite for snapping at Sherlock, especially after he had been so supportive the previous night. A towel suddenly appears at the edge of the cubicle, before being jiggled wildly at him. Peering out, he can see that Sherlock is facing away and discreetly looking at his phone, a faint flush apparent at the nape of his neck. Grabbing the towel, John wraps it securely around his hips before stepping out of the shower cubicle.
For those of you not familiar with quirky English TV, The Last Of The Summer Wine is about three older gentlemen getting up to mischief and mayhem in their daily lives.  It was a wonderful programme and something I used to adore watching in my childhood.
John returns the hug briefly before moving away, placing a quick kiss on Sherlock's nose when he whines in protest.
Finally, he pops into the toilets and tries to freshen up a little, before returning to John’s side.
Mary sniggers from her position by the door; she has always enjoyed seeing Sherlock being put in his place and the red flush on those ridiculous cheekbones is evidence of Sherlock’s humiliation at being told what to do. She settles more comfortably and gleefully watches the scene unfold.
"Come on then, I know you're dying to tell me. How did you know where to look?" It's not the soft words of love that he may be expected to utter when walking hand in hand in the moonlight with the man he is going to spend the rest of life with, but it is much more true to their relationship; words of love from him will come later, of that he is certain, when they are wrapped around each other, sweaty and sated.
Sherlock heard Mrs Hudson's dress rustle as she lowered herself carefully to the floor, his senses now in overdrive. He felt her thin arms wrap round his shoulders as she pulled him in to her, providing her emotional strength to support him. He found he was no longer able to keep the sobs inside and he allowed himself to be cuddled for the first time since his childhood.  He could feel his body trembling as the tears flowed down his cheeks.  He was grateful for the soothing, shushing noises that Mrs Hudson made as she stroked her fingers through his hair, gently rocking them both, allowing him to cry himself to calmness.
“Admittedly, there will be times where I may get ‘twitchy’ for a fix but I have ways to cope when I need to.
“Is that something you honestly want to do or is it because you think it’s something I want to do.”  John queries.  His tongue nips out to swipe over his lower lip and Sherlock’s gaze drops to follow its path before he forces himself to meet John’s eye again, surprised to see the tail end of a smug smile leaving John’s face.
“Nor do I expect you to.  I will remain with him for the next five hours, then Detective Inspector Lestrade will take over from me.  At no time will Doctor Watson be left unattended.” Mycroft reassures, adjusting his stance slightly to lean his weight on his umbrella.  “Rest assured, little brother, I will keep you appraised of the situation.”
Sherlock takes a moment to calm his swirling thoughts and allow the last of his, rather disappointing, erection to ebb away. There are so many questions he wants to ask, so many things he wants to say, but the image of Mary keeps floating around his head.
"Oh yes.  Caused by finally talking about things that should have been said years ago.  Random feelings and ideas will continue to pour out of the infected until all possible connotations of thoughts and emotions have been shared."  John's shoulders are shaking as he fights to hold his laughter back, tears threaten to spill down his cheeks.  Sherlock says nothing but knows that not all of those tears are ones of mirth.
is the most fascinating person to have ever existed. Slowly, he reaches for the shampoo, pouring some into a cupped palm before indicating with a quick finger flick for Sherlock to turn around. He eases Sherlock's head out of the direct spray of the shower and, taking a deep breath, begins to massage the shampoo through Sherlock's wavy hair. His senses are flooded with the citrus herbal smell of the shampoo and the silky feel of Sherlock's hair in his hands, it is so much longer wet than dry and John idly thinks he could spend hours just running his fingers through it. The suds form quickly in Sherlock's soft hair and soon the bubbles are running down Sherlock's back, John guides him back under the spray and runs his fingers through Sherlock's mane, rinsing the suds out. A soft sigh escapes Sherlock as John's steady hands trail through his hair, the first sound to leave him since his sheet had fallen to the floor. The noise seems almost momentous and John vows to draw more sounds from him.
“Hmmm?”  John looks up, almost surprised to see himself standing in their kitchen whilst Sherlock holds up the kettle.  “Er, yeah.
"That's what I intend to find out, John.  It's unlikely that Anderson would have seen her since she attended the meeting.  There's a slim possibility he has seen photos of her on your blog and in newspaper coverage of the wedding but she could have changed the way she looked since he saw her last.  We know her hair isn't natural blonde, that it has a tendency to curl, what else could she have altered? Going unnoticed was her job for many years, we'd do well not to underestimate her."
“In my youth?  Nothing really to speak of.  Some half-hearted kisses in my late teens, a few slightly less than chaste touches whilst at University.  Nothing earth shattering, certainly nothing that made me want to repeat the experience.  Not then anyway.  And nothing since.”  Sherlock glances at his hands briefly before looking back at John; his eyes appearing almost sky-blue, their focus once more intent. “I didn’t really attract admirers. I looked ‘about twelve’ for far too long.”  He gently mocks, knowing John will recall his words from his first ever blog about them.  “And, well ….. I’m me.  That was more than enough to put anyone off.”  His words are self-deprecating, but truthful.  John simply nods.
Sherlock uses the remote to switch the telly off and, once again, mirrors John’s action with his bed.
And a massive thank you to all those who have left kudos, comments or bookmarked me! It's an honest to goodness thrill to get such wonderful comments, it makes the hours of writers block much more bearable!
After finishing lunch they had decided to explore nearby Brighton, its classical architecture perfectly blending with the colourful shop fronts and equally colourful people.  Initially, John had debated on going for a paddle in the sea but had soon realised that although the air may feel unseasonably warm, the water would be very similar to plunging his feet into a bucket full of ice. That had been persuasion enough to leave the beachside and walk further in to the town.
Despite these signs of hospitalisation, Sherlock’s bruised and battered face wears an expression of quiet determination and not-so-quiet boredom, his broken arm resting over the bed covers, the cast gleaming a bright white even in the dimmed lights of the hospital room.
"I left home at 18. Mycroft was, by then, 25 and had been living with Michael, discreetly, for a few years. I'd been at university only a year when I received a phone call from my mother. There had been a train accident and both Mycroft and Michael had been injured, Michael fatally so. I discovered later that Mycroft had held Michael as he took his last breath, waiting for help to arrive. Mycroft did not take it well, as was to be expected, locking himself away in their flat, wearing his 'promise' ring always in memoriam. When he finally did re-emerge, months later, he was a colder, harder man than before."
“As much as it would delight me to tell my brother to ‘shove it’, I am fine with this. I can be whatever it is I am needed to be.”  Sherlock reassures, tightening his grip on John’s hand.
Something in his voice draws Mrs. Hudson’s shrewd gaze, her focus flits from John’s face to Sherlock’s face and everything in-between, including the arm now more around John than on his chair.  “So I see!  About time too, I’d almost given up.”  Mrs. Hudson claps her hands together with glee.
John huffs out a small laugh at the typically Sherlockian sentiment tacked onto the most beautiful words John has ever heard. If his laugh sounds a bit forced and wet, neither man mentions it. Sherlock is tugged down into a forceful kiss.  He goes willingly and returns every bit of passion John imparts with his kiss equally, pulling him closer with the arm wrapped around John's waist. John eventually pulls away, panting and leans his head against their joined hands that now rest over Sherlock's pounding heart. His other hand is flexing over Sherlock's hip, tensing and releasing in counterpoint to their heartbeats. Finally, John slides his hand up Sherlock's long torso and lets it rest on Sherlock's nape. John tilts Sherlock's head down so that they are once again eye to eye.
"More than I can say...." Sherlock tightens his grip in John's hair and holds John's shoulder with his other hand, long fingers trailing over John's scar.
. The person had been wrong, not the situation. He knows it will be a long time until Sherlock is recovered enough to be running around again, solving cases and the idea of spending the many quiet days that will be required with just Sherlock doesn't fill John with dread or worry. In fact, he looks forward to it. They can talk or ignore each other in comfort; maybe Sherlock will play his violin at some point. They will watch telly and Sherlock will shout about the idiocy of the shows. They will eat, or rather John will eat and Sherlock will sulk and then steal food from John. John will ask for cold cases from Greg to stop Sherlock from being utterly bored and they will just enjoy their time together. Come what may, John knows that the rest of his life will be spent by Sherlock's side.
“What he means to say is could you tell us what room John Watson is in please?”  Lestrade translates, an easy smile reinforcing his words.
"Mmmm, very nice."  John turns in Sherlock's arms, pressing his lips against the freshly shaven skin.  The freshness of the aftershave makes John's lips tingle a little and his nose twitch, John decides they are sensations he will gladly repeat if it means he can have Sherlock's soft cheek in such intimate closeness. "As much as I don't want this to stop, you need to eat and top up on your medication before Anderson arrives." A quick press of lips and John motions for Sherlock to sit down, placing a fresh glass of water and his pain killers in front of him. John watches as Sherlock swallows the pills down before tucking into his brunch, surprised enjoyment on his face. John sniggers before eating his own food, glad to see Sherlock taking nourishment on board.
It takes all of his effort to lift his head, his neck muscles feel too weak, the ligaments like jelly; with what feels like a superhuman effort he finally manages it, breaking out in a cold sweat for his efforts but it’s to no avail.
John smiles as he slides in to bed on the left side, immediately turning to lie on his right side, body language more relaxed now.  “You know, it’s bloody fantastic when you do that.”
"Fuck, Sherlock, just........ Fuck." John knows he's never been considered a man of many words but even those few have escaped him now. He can feel the heat radiating from Sherlock, can feel the way his own blood is pounding in his veins, the way his arousal is growing and pulsing, he has never felt desire so intensely, so profoundly.
"Is this what you want, Love?" John rubs his burgeoning erection over Sherlock's. "Or do you want to be in my mouth?"  John breathes the words against the curve of Sherlock's chin, nipping his jawline when Sherlock's hands suddenly clench, the grip almost painful, before easing off.
He opens the car door and slides out, glancing up and down the street, instinctively checking the area for threats before helping Sherlock to slide out beside him. The look Sherlock gives him is grateful and knowing. Of course Sherlock is fully aware of John being on full alert, how he had ever thought Sherlock wouldn't notice is beyond him. Sherlock eats up the distance between the car and the front door in a few easy strides and is quickly enveloped in the loving arms of their landlady. John can see the relief written clearly on her face as she strokes her small hands gently down Sherlock's arms before drawing him inside, leaving John to pick up their small amount of belongings and the cactus Sherlock has barely let out of his sight.
"That is something I'd be very happy to repeat," Sherlock whispers, the tip of his nose nuzzling against John's ear, plush lips over John's frantic pulse. "without the pot, of course." Sherlock chuckles, the vibration of it against his neck causing John to shiver. Sherlock licks John's neck, tasting the fine film of sweat before easing John off his lap.
John walks over to his chest of drawers and sorts through the jars that sit on top, making no more of an effort to dress than to do up a button or two on his jeans to stop them falling lower on his hips.
After what seemed liked an eternity lost in pleasure John was kissing along the line of dark hair that led down Sherlock's navel, his chin bumping against Sherlock's cock, eliciting a loud groan of longing.
"So she knew all along then? Who you were, despite her denials, and that you were alive and coming back?"  The questions require no answers and just for a moment John allows the pain of Mary's betrayal to flood over him again.  Their marriage was never destined to work even if his heart hadn't already belonged to another.  Mary had only sought him out as part of some deranged plan, to woo him and have him close by in case he knew more about Sherlock's whereabouts.  John snorts aloud, it seems he was the last one to know the truth about Sherlock's so called demise, Mary had wasted her time and effort by being with him.  For a second he wonders if she ever did care for him or if it was only ever a job to her before shaking it off and meeting Sherlock's concerned glance. "It's fine.  It's all fine."  The words sound weak as they leave his mouth but John knows it's the truth, or at least it soon will be.
The kiss grows more heated as it deepens. Sherlock is undeniably leading the kiss now, his body angled to encompass as much of John as possible.  One hand cups John's jaw.  The other trails a path restlessly from John's shoulder, down his arm, until he finally links their fingers together.  His grip is strong but not painful, the pure strength and masculinity of it makes John moan into the kiss.
Sherlock leaves John to his own thoughts for the next hour, sensing John’s need for some space and quiet.
Neither man hears when the door to their flat is unlocked, the door silently swinging open just enough to admit one person.
“Hello, love.” Mary smiles before pressing a kiss to his cheek, rubbing the lipstick away, none too gently, with her thumb.
After several coffees, Mycroft and Herr Brün finally leave. They are heading back to Vienna to replace the fake hair gems with the real ones and to secrete the incriminating diary where it will not be found. John feels that the men would probably have stayed longer except for the various huffs and sighs coming from Sherlock and the palpable tension in the air whenever John and Sherlock meet each other's eye.
"Mycroft was wrong. Mary was rushed to hospital almost two months ago with complications from a ruptured appendix. There was a brief discussion amongst the ambulance crew, and again on arrival at the hospital, of an ectopic pregnancy, but I knew that was unlikely because, well......" Sherlock felt his eyes widen with astonishment when he saw John's face flood with colour.
"Of course, Sir. Under what name shall I put it?" The receptionist is friendly, her English strongly accented but good and John is immediately put at ease. A few years ago he would have been tempted to chat her up, she's pretty in a homely way, sparkling green eyes, dimples that show when she speaks and warm chestnut brown hair. Now she catches his eye but makes no impression on either his heart or body, partly because he has been burned before, but mostly because his heart belongs elsewhere.
John's words were softly spoken but the impact on Sherlock was huge, a sudden smile making him look younger and strangely vulnerable.  John felt like he was staring into the deepest black hole in the cosmos as he met Sherlock's gaze. The myriad colours in his eyes made John feel as if he were witnessing some sort of sentient supernova, all the knowledge of the universe contained within, all that knowledge and intensity currently focused on him. He knew that at that moment he was irretrievably lost.  He had never been so happy.
"The men who hurt you, what happened to them?"  John could feel the tense line of his jaw but fought to keep his body relaxed against Sherlock's.
A muted thump alerts Sherlock to the fact that Mycroft has moved a chair so that it is closer to the bed.  With an ease of movement more indicative of reclining in an armchair than a rickety hospital chair, Mycroft joins them.
She opens the door straight in to the kitchen of Sherlock’s flat and is greeted by six foot of naked detective.  He is, surprisingly, unarmed and squatting next to where John is passed out on the floor: a decidedly unflattering position for the great detective to be in, in her opinion.
With care he manoeuvres the chair over to John’s bedside, his drip-stand making the effort more difficult than it needs to be.  For a few minutes Sherlock just sits and observes, eyes intent, observing each machine and its function, noting each read out.  Once satisfied, he finally leans on to the edge of John’s bed, taking care not to jostle him.
John reaches up and grasps firmly on Sherlock’s nape, the other hand wanders restlessly along the length of Sherlock’s spine, leaving goosebumps in its wake. He shifts his hips, trying to encourage Sherlock to move, the fullness he is experiencing feels incredible and now he wants to feel more, wants to know what it feels like to be fucked, to be made love to.
"No John. You are my work now.  Do you understand?" John couldn't help but feel he was missing something vital but for the life of him he had no clue what. Instead he gave a slow nod, keeping his eyes fixed on Sherlock. Suddenly Sherlock seemed to snap out of the seriousness, jumping gracefully back and bringing his hands together as he spun away from John laughing.
“What’s on your mind, John?”  Sherlock keeps his face tilted up, eyes closed, the sun warm on his skin; hyper-aware of John at his side.  Their hands had finally separated when they’d sat down, although the loss is not keenly felt because of their continued physical closeness; shoulder to shoulder, thigh to thigh.  This contact is what allows Sherlock to continue to read the unconscious signals of John’s discomfort.  Sherlock can easily deduce that John isn't uncomfortable with their proximity; rather that he has something he wants to say and is unsure how to say it - and how those words will be taken.
"Sorry. Did that hurt? I'm almost done." Sherlock felt John's strong fingers carefully tape butterfly stitches over his cut cheek and found himself leaning into the warmth of John's hand, moving quickly away when John nervously cleared his throat. Damn his treacherous body!
The original song blends seamlessly into the next and John suddenly has the urge to do something incredibly brave or, according to Mycroft, incredibly stupid.
"Gerroff Sh'lck, sleeping."  John's words were mumbled and slurred, exhaustion still trying to claim him as its victim.
The waiter gathers up their empty cups, the two forks and the now empty apple strudel plate, his head tilted to one side in thought.
John presses open-mouthed kisses along Sherlock's jaw before leaving butterfly kisses over the curve of his ear, drawing the lobe into his mouth, sucking slightly before tracking more kisses across Sherlock's face. Moving down, John kisses Sherlock's neck before resting his mouth over Sherlock's pulse point.  John can feel the rapid fluttering beneath his lips, he sucks tenderly on the skin, wanting to leave a mark but deciding to leave several lower where Sherlock can easily cover them.  John sweeps his tongue all over the long, pale column of Sherlock's neck, paying extra attention to the delicious curve of his Adam's apple. Slowly he moves down until he can dip his tongue into Sherlock's suprasternal notch, tasting the delicate tang of salt, before slowly undoing the first button of Sherlock's shirt.
He was barely aware of Sherlock working his fingers free from his arm and leading them to the sofa, realising only that his fingers had been entwined with Sherlock's when their absence chilled his hand. The cold leather of the sofa through his work trousers startled John back to the immediate situation. Looking intently now at Sherlock, he was relieved that Sherlock's eyes were still clear. John allowed himself a rueful half smile as he realised that the doctor in him had obviously remained alert whilst the rest of him melted into a puddle of sentimental, over-sexed goo. Cautiously he pressed his fingers along the lines of Sherlock's neck - no inflamed glands, no tenderness being expressed.  Moving closer he looked deeply into Sherlock's eyes, looking for broken capillaries, discolouration, non reaction in the pupils.  No - clear, alert, tracking every movement he made and studying him intently. He pressed the back of his hand against Sherlock's forehead and then the nape of his neck, fighting on both occasions against the temptation to run his fingers through gently curling hair - warm, but within normal boundaries.
"Yes, right, coming." Wetting his lips with a quick swipe of the tongue, John mentally girded himself for the challenge awaiting him - dancing with Sherlock whilst maintaining a cool demeanour and hopefully not treading on Sherlock's toes in the process. John took the stairs two at a time, bounding through the door, quickly spinning on the spot to lock it behind him.
“I still can’t believe you’re wearing jeans.” John sips his morning coffee, his free hand twitching with the temptation to run his fingers along the outside seam of the jeans in question.
"Sorry, sorry." John wipes the tears away from his cheeks and takes a few deep breaths.  "Carry on."
"I'd better get dressed then. I don't think the Austrian police would appreciate me turning up at a crime scene in just my towel."
"I .....I can feel your breath against me, warm breath against my skin. You've moved closer, now only centimetres away and you're directing each breath over my cock, my balls. It feels amazing." John's cock twitches in his hand, a single drop of pre-come blooms at its head and John can feel Sherlock tense up beneath him.
"More words, John?  Just get on and do it!"  Sherlock is now writhing beneath John, clutching at him frantically, trying to drag John down onto him.
"This area here I've spent too many hours thinking about.  The way it deepens when you laugh, or pant, or when you whip that bloody scarf off.  Jesus Christ Sherlock, watching you take that damn thing off is like being at a private strip show, so much beautiful, bare skin suddenly on show."  John pants into Sherlock's neck, savouring the sensation of Sherlock rocking up into him, the edge of desperation is still apparent, but Sherlock is maintaining control - just.
“I ‘adn’t ‘eard ‘e were expecting.”  Enid replies, taking a slurp of her tea.  “I was real surprised when I ‘eard e’d got ‘itched, thought it would be just ‘im and Sherlock for life, like.”
"John." Sherlock's voice was deeper, even to his own ears, desire making John's simple name sound rich and exotic.  He felt his eyes drift closed, the sensuous image before him overwhelming.
She smiles at John, watching the way he places himself close to Sherlock, his palm flat on the small of Sherlock’s back, unconsciously possessive.
“You really are such a trusting old thing, bit too trusting.  If I wasn't working to a time limit tonight I think I’d enjoy teaching you the danger of trusting too easily, maybe at a later date.”  Enid reaches up and removes the badly cut wig that she is wearing, her own hair is now dark and cropped short and she feels more herself than she has done for years.  The blonde hair she used to sport was fun for a while but the length and the constant need to re-colour  was beginning to wear on her, give her an easy-care hairstyle anytime, especially in her field of work. She leans over Mrs Hudson’s dressing table to peer into the mirror, she blinks at her reflection before removing the brown contacts she has been wearing, revealing bright blue irises beneath.
"I'm sorry Sherlock, I shouldn't have hit you." Sherlock could see that John's cheeks were still flushed from the implications of his deductions but that all of the anger had now gone. "Sit down and I'll take care of it for you."
John clumps down the stairs, mumbling to himself and trying not to be too agitated about seeing Mycroft mere hours after he and Sherlock have had sex. He had intended to wake hours ago; he had wanted to smother Sherlock in affection, to explore every inch of him with his mouth and his fingers - and other parts of his anatomy had Sherlock been willing - but he had been so worn out from their earlier activities, and from the relief of them finally getting together, that he had slept the sleep of the dead, nothing disturbing either of them until now.
Anderson moves to sit, warily eyeing the items in front of him before nervously lowering himself into the chair.  The file he carries is placed almost reverently on the desk before he adds some discs to the pile, slipping them from his shabby coat pocket. As in all the other times Sherlock has seen Anderson in recent months he looks disheveled and his skin sallow. His patchy beard gives him the look of one of the many homeless men that Sherlock has been known to utilise. Anderson's clothes indicate that there is no Mrs Anderson on the scene and that other relationships have been thin on the ground, if not non-existent for him. Sherlock briefly rubs his own chin, pleased he was able to remove the last of his own stubble before meeting with Anderson. As much as he grudgingly allows that Anderson may now be of use, Sherlock wants as little in common as possible with the distasteful man who sits before him.
“What a beautiful…”  Sherlock flicks his eyes quickly towards John, taking heart from his encouraging nod and smile.  “Princess Fairy Bee!’
"I've always been enamoured with your hands, John. But the touch of them against my skin last night was more than I ever thought, ever imagined, it could be. The way your fingertips slid over my length, the way they felt sliding against my skin, the way they tasted when I licked them.
" I guess the question that remains is, what do we do about Ms Morstan? Has any evidence been found that clearly links her to any wrong-doing under her current alias? Does enough evidence exist to arrest her for any of her previous crimes? Have her extradited to the US, perhaps?" John questions, hopeful that they now have enough evidence against her to have her removed from his life for the foreseeable future.
“Shut up and drink your drink.”  John stalls as he fidgets, trying to get as comfortable as is possible in a hospital chair, visually making sure that Sherlock is also comfortable and drinking his warm drink as instructed.  “I returned to consciousness to find Mrs Hudson leaning over me, I had a wet face and a tea towel over my dick.”
Tilting his head up, John rests his chin lightly on Sherlock's stomach, waiting until Sherlock looks down at him. "It's ok, Sherlock. You can put your hands in my hair," John licks his lips, delighted when Sherlock mirrors the motion. "You can pull at it a little too, if that's what you want to do. We're new at this, we'll learn what we both like in time."
"Just because you are 'shagging' my police officer, Mycroft, it does not give you the right to criticise my doctor; or my care." Sherlock glides into the room. John half expects to see him wrapped in a sheet, knowing how much dressing drains him and that the pain-killers are coming to the end of their efficacy. Instead, Sherlock stands proud in tailored trousers and a deep blue shirt. A thin layer of sweat glistens on Sherlock's paler-than-usual skin and John bites back his original urge to chastise him for getting dressed. Obviously, it had been important to Sherlock to appear before his brother in his 'battle' wear; John is not going to belittle that.
The edge of genuine wonder to John’s words echoes the ‘amazing’ and ‘brilliant’ of long ago compliments.  Back to when John still found Sherlock to be worthy of wonder and praise; before John became disillusioned with Sherlock; before Sherlock left him broken and alone on the pavement outside St. Bart’s Hospital. Their relationship is still somewhat fraught since Sherlock’s return, that and Mary’s constant presence in John’s life, has done nothing to encourage the reappearance of their easy camaraderie of days now seemingly long gone.
Sherlock remains awake only a few minutes longer, making a start at cataloguing all of the new experiences today has brought. When John's phone pings with an incoming message an hour later neither man even so much as twitches. For long seconds the screen stays brightly lit, a single name upon it.
"We've been exploring each other's bodies with our tongues, lips and teeth. Like now, you've already come and I'm aching for release too." John wraps his left hand around his cock, eyelids fluttering closed at the contact. "I can feel every pulse and twitch; it feels like my normal reactions have been amplified." John allows himself a long stroke from root to tip and back again.
Sherlock's uplifted face is guileless; he truly wants this.  John can't refuse Sherlock anything when his face is so open, so honest; that it is a sexual favour being requested makes John's mouth flood with saliva.  Sherlock's moist breath seeps through the thin material of John's boxer shorts, heating both his cock and his desire.
He avoids using the term ‘husband’ as often as he can, substituting it with just John’s name wherever possible, the word and its associated emotions is a source of near physical pain for him.  Sherlock lets go of the drip-stand to push open the door, holding it  for Mary until she walks in, albeit very reluctantly and ‘encouraged’ by his continued grip on her arm.  Only once Mary is in the room does Sherlock let go of her and allow his gaze to fall upon John.
Sherlock can’t help but fall back on an old adage; that when you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.  So what is the truth?  Who is John trying to impress?
The hold on his body tightens, he feels the fleeting touch of Sherlock's forehead against his sweaty shoulder, and the way the thumb at his nape pauses before rubbing more firmly. "I am sorry John. I never meant to cause you pain."
"That...." John gasps between laughs, "was ridiculously hot and very satisfying." He grins when Sherlock nods in agreement, words seemingly still lost to him. "I would suggest a shower but honestly, I'm bloody knackered. I'll grab a flannel and clean us both up."
"Molly." Sherlock states and in an unusual display of consideration Sherlock removes himself from the living room and pops into the bathroom to give John some privacy.
John has the man he loves right where he wants him and with whispered instructions and endearments he gets Sherlock to start thrusting, it’s gentle at first but John increases his grip on Sherlock’s neck and runs the fingernails on his other hand down Sherlock’s back, ending by digging them in on Sherlock’s hips, encouraging a whimper in response.
Sherlock's eyes flutter momentarily closed at the contact and he takes a moment to store the sensation away for later perusal and enjoyment.  “Hmm?”  He responds, still unforgivably distracted.  “Oh.  Yes.  Fine, fine.  Just admiring the architecture of this beautiful building, when was it built? 1830? 1831?”  He covers, directing this last part at the concierge who brightens at Sherlock’s interest and apparent knowledge.
"What else would you like to trace their shape with?" He allows some of the arousal he is feeling to bleed through into his voice and is rewarded by a flush staining John's cheeks and the sight of his pupils visibly dilating.
Their room is surprisingly spacious with a deep claret carpet and warm white walls. Feeling immediately more at ease, John leaves his suitcase in front of the wardrobe and walks to open the French windows, realising they have a private balcony. He allows the cool evening breeze to tousle his hair and soothe his skin. Breathing deeply, John lets out a contented sigh. This will do nicely, very nicely indeed. Turning round he can see Sherlock hovering between the beds, clearly unsure which one to put his suitcase on and claim as his own.
In many ways she is still very much 'his' Mary, the Mary that he fell in love with. John can admit that it was love he felt for her, it wasn't the all-encompassing love he feels for Sherlock but it was love all the same. He doesn't believe it was a love that would have lasted though, too many things had already begun to irritate him about Mary before Sherlock had even returned. Tiny things, things that, when a relationship is strong and the love is deep, would have made no lasting damage but with Mary, these things had begun to grate on his nerves. John knows he is not a very patient man even at the best of times and his relationship with Mary was beginning to bring out the worst in him.
“I wasn’t talking about the meteors, Sherlock.”  His voice sounds soft even to his own ears, rich with the tenderness he is feeling.  Sherlock glances at John, wanting to know what he is looking at.  John can tell the moment Sherlock realises that his admiring gaze is for him, and him alone.  John watches as Sherlock wrestles with his reactions - disbelief, denial, sarcasm - before uttering a shy, ‘Thank you.’  The sweetness of his response makes John smile, something he seems to be doing a ridiculous amount of recently.
And what of romantic love? In particular, the kind you give to the person you plan to spend the rest of your life with.  The parent of your unborn child.  Mary had visited but Sherlock suspects that was only because she was there when John got hurt. But has she been the loving wife since? Has she stayed by John’s side? Held his hand? Pressed worried kisses to his brow?  No.  At the very first opportunity she had buggered off home, expressing no regret, no concern.  Sherlock has no real knowledge of being on the receiving end of romantic love but if that is what it is like then he is glad for that fact.
John wakes to the sound of clattering in the kitchen. His first instinct is to leap from bed but the warm and relaxed presence of an injured Sherlock on his chest tempers his reaction. Slowly and with great care, John extracts himself from Sherlock's embrace and slips out of bed. He walks on silent feet until he is pressed up against the bedroom door. The clattering continues but it is obvious now that the person is trying their best to make their presence known, rather than wishing to surprise the residents of the flat, but also not to wake them if they are still sleeping. John relaxes a little when he realises who it is most likely to be, the subtle scent of flowery perfume drifts under the bedroom door accompanied by the soft slip-slop of slippered feet. Mrs Hudson. Unexpectedly, the footsteps head into the living room , not the bedroom as John had originally supposed. Hushed voices momentarily confuse him and he slips into his abandoned clothes, pondering over who could be in their living room. As he opens the bedroom door, the voices become clearer, no longer muted by the wood. He shakes his head, realising he must still be groggy from sleep. There are not that many people who come to visit the flat, even fewer now that Sherlock isn't taking cases and, considering the current circumstances and the fact that there are two male voices to be heard, the only solution is blindingly obvious; Mycroft and Lestrade. John allows himself a moment to be thankful that he had cleared away the evidence of his and Sherlock's frantic coupling and that Sherlock is still asleep and oblivious of John's mistake, before walking through the flat and entering the living room.
Welcome to the penultimate chapter! I'm nervously chewing my fingernails in the corner! I hope you enjoy it.
"I feel beyond happy that you seem to be sterile, John. That the chance that your sperm could have fertilised Mary's egg is so microscopically small as to feel impossible." He draws a deep breath, glancing at his sandwich and picks at the crusts, rolling the bread into small balls between his fingertips.  "That it means she will have no hold over you, nothing to pull you back into her orbit.  That I get to keep you."
John knew that he would stand by Sherlock's side whatever, forever, as his friend, as his work partner, or more if he were ever given the opportunity.  Sherlock had been the centre of his universe from the day they had met; it was no wonder he had felt lost and alone during the two years Sherlock was gone.  He had lost the reason for his orbit and had been left drifting, lost and alone in the dark.  Now he felt as if he were gradually being drawn back on track, back to his idea of normal.  He had not been given any details but he had a feeling deep in his bones that Sherlock was on his way home; soon the empty leather chair would have a long-legged detective sitting in it once more.  John's only concern was whether he would punch Sherlock or kiss him.  Both ideas seemed equally desirable.
John knew he was playing with fire by teasing Sherlock, after all he had an uncanny knack at taking offence at the most mundane things, but any contact with Sherlock was, at least, contact.
Sherlock leans over their bath and turns the tap on.  He debates over adding some bubble bath but knows that John will protest at the possibility that Sherlock's wound may become irritated.
mine. As for the pregnancy, I tried to get pregnant but he's such a stickler when it comes to using a condom, saying we weren’t ready to start a family.  That really only left the good old padded belly trick; and he fell for it hook, line and sinker.  God, I do love dealing with trusting men, it makes my job so much easier.”  Mary laughs and Sherlock’s fists clench again with the urge of wanting to hit out at Mary, to cause her physical pain.
"I want to taste the sweat from your skin; the saliva from your mouth." Sherlock's voice is a deep velvet richness and John can feel himself drowning in it. Hearing those words, in
"Of course John. I'm here to stay. Sleep well." Sherlock angled his face up to meet John's gaze and the softness he saw in his expression took his breath away.  He kept his gaze fixed on John as he approached his chair; John's left hand no longer moving with restless emotion, rather it was now stretched out towards Sherlock's face.  Sherlock felt his eyes drift closed as John's soft palm cupped his cheek, his thumb briefly passing over Sherlock's lower lip, causing him to shiver in pleasure at the tender caress. Sherlock felt John's breath ghost over his forehead, causing his hair to dance gently against his skin.
"Greg?" Sherlock raised one eyebrow, working at keeping his tone light. Of course he knew who Greg was but he knew that it delighted John to think he didn't know the first name of the man he had spent almost a decade working with. "And I would have to be truly desperate to need Mycroft." Although said lightly both men knew that not so long ago there had been a time when Sherlock had been that desperate.
Meeting John's gaze as they moved, he savoured  the sensation of their bodies moving in time, their rhythmic rising and falling, the strong hands on his skin, the protective arms holding him in their embrace.
“No. I..”  John clears his throat, the sound loud in Sherlock’s ear.  “We should eat a proper meal now as I have something planned for tonight and we won’t be here for dinner; although we could make use of room service afterwards.”
"Good morning, John." Sherlock's eyes are an endless sea-blue in the hazy light of early morning, his face sleep-crumpled and flushed. John smiles at him, allowing his eyes to roam over the sleep-addled beauty, before leaning to rest his lips against Sherlock's, the kiss almost chaste. His eyes flutter shut as a large, warm hand grips at the back of his neck, eagerly pulling him into the kiss. Full lips open against his and the kiss deepens, a deep groan greets his own and he wraps his arm over Sherlock, before forcing the other arm under him. John holds Sherlock in a firm embrace before quickly flipping him over to lie on top. A startled gasp from Sherlock rapidly turns into a bone-melting moan at the touch of John's rapidly hardening cock against his.
“God no, Sherlock.”  All of sudden John is sitting up, his face serious, his attention fixed solely on Sherlock.  “You haven’t led me on.  You have a right to say no, to call a halt to things, at any point.  As can I.  If we never go any further than this, I’ll be happy.  If we never go this far again, I’ll still be happy.”
John doesn’t answer immediately, drawing his lip between his teeth and scratching his eyebrow, all classic tells of how uncomfortable he feels.  He looks at Sherlock, briefly, before looking away again.  Although Sherlock is looking elsewhere he can feel the instant that John’s focus is back on him.
“Yes, dear.  And the number of the hotel, and Mycroft’s number, his assistant’s number, Detective Inspector Lestrade’s number and your parents’ number.”  She answers, indicating a pad where all the information is clearly displayed.  “It’s all in my phone too, as you very well know, Sherlock, you spent ten minutes this morning entering it all.”
They carry on kissing and a high sound escapes Sherlock when John undoes his trousers, the touch of John's strong, skilled fingers so close to his penis pulling something that sounds too close to a needy whine for Sherlock to admit to. He steps out of his trousers but keeps a firm hold of John, not allowing the kiss to completely break. Sherlock is overly aware of how all of his body is straining towards John, eager for his touch. He shivers as John's gaze travels slowly over his body, unconsciously wetting his lips when his attention stills briefly on Sherlock’s boxers and the undeniable shape of a full, hard cock.
"Than what, love?" John keeps his voice calm and quiet but lets the need to know show on his face.  He moves to sit on the floor in front of the sofa,  his head at the same level as Sherlock's.
Mrs Hudson flicks her gaze between her boys, tears of happiness streaming down her kind face.  After a few false starts she finally manages to talk.  "Who proposed to whom?"
Their breathing evens out and they become aware of their awkward positioning on the bed, with a shared look and light laughter they both move until they are more comfortably situated. They lie with their heads on one pillow, their bodies still seeking the other out even though the urgency to be together has passed.  The flush on their skin and stained and disarrayed clothes the only evidence of their earlier exertions.
So, this was the kiss that I imagined that brought a whole story to life! Sherlock surrounded by fireflies.......
They take the last few steps together, hand in hand, their footsteps perfectly in time; as they always are.  The doorman greets them with a warm smile and tip of his hat, holding the door open wide for them.  It crosses John’s mind that the doorman represents the hotel perfectly - elegant whilst also being strangely welcoming - as was, no doubt, their design.  Rather like Sherlock, John thinks, smirking, glancing at Sherlock; John need not have worried that Sherlock had noticed his amusement as he is now studying the lobby of the hotel with a deep frown on his features, seemingly oblivious of John.
“No, it is not.  Your brother lost a lot of dignity and respect because of what happened at Sherrinford and we have some culpability in those events.
"Turn over John. I.... I want to taste you." The words were deep, the passion evident. Eagerly John wriggled over onto his front, groaning at the pressure on his cock. The pressure was eased when two strong hands wrapped over his hips, pulling his arse up. His knees were nudged to put him into a kneeling position, he allowed his face to rest against his arms. He could feel Sherlock breathing close to him, could almost feel those kaleidoscopic eyes studying him.
The journey back to Sherlock’s room is quiet, the atmosphere strangely tense.  Sherlock believes that John is still angry about the upcoming press release and is, therefore, taken by surprise when John wheels him into his room, shuts the door, lowers the blind and drops to the floor in front of Sherlock.
“So, I had to admit to him why I wanted to know.  Which led to a discussion on how I felt about you; how I thought you felt about me…. That was a seriously awkward conversation.” John confesses, half laughing.  “Once he knew, and had finished rolling his eyes and looking vaguely disgusted, he suggested a few different dates and venues.  I researched the hotels and what was available in the area, finally deciding on this one.  Mycroft then agreed to spin together the need for you to be in attendance this weekend, for that attendance to be as part of a romantic couple, knowing that you'd only feel comfortable taking me, and here we are.”
"Er," John clears his throat, "Good choice." He leaves it up to Molly to decide whether he means her playing music to cover their noise or her choice in music. "I'll bring the sample down, shall I?"
"John, I have no personal experience in this area; I never needed or wanted it, but now find I both need and want you. I want to explore all types of relationships with you." Sherlock looks directly into John's eyes. "And if I had the damn strength I'd be starting now." Sherlock watches as John's jaw drops slightly in shock, eyes widening with the first indications of desire.
"Yes, I'm completely sure. I know what I want Sherlock, and it's you. It's only ever been you. Why now?" Another gentle kiss brushed against Sherlock's skin. "Because I never thought I had a chance with you and now I know different. This is a new experience for the both of us. I trust you, you trust me. It's perfect."
He blinks rapidly, trying to work out what it is that woke him, all the while taking stock of his bearings - hospital room, mid-morning, John.
"It's your turn now I believe, John. Not that I can imagine what you'd want to know about me." Sherlock's offhand comment is a poorly disguised attempt to mask his increasing nervousness.
“And then he goes and walks around Wimbledon Common in a thunder-storm dressed as a Womble!”  She laughs, patting John’s arm gently.  “Oh honestly John, I wish you could have seen him, you’d have laughed for weeks!”
“Sherlock, just stop talking now.  Nothing you have said, or will say, can compel me to stay here a moment longer.”  Mary’s voice is tight with frustration.
"John, I really don't understand why you are so shocked! Dancing has always been vital in building and maintaining relationships in both the human and animal kingdom. I want you and Mary to have a happy, sexually satisfying relationship....."
They eat in companionable quiet, John notes with satisfaction that Sherlock finishes most of his meal, even if his attention is elsewhere and the action of eating is merely an automatic response to having food in front of him.
"The cause of her very deep sleep, John?" Greg chips in, again smiling the smile of a much younger man. "She hadn't been able to get a decent night's sleep. She seemed reticent to say much more, but I would say the blush on the dear woman's cheeks and her frequent, unconscious, gestures and glances up to your flat, more than gave the game away."
“I know.”  His words are softer than he intended, the feel of his hand in John’s, soothing. “Just time isn’t always on my side.  Sometimes it’s just too late.  Any chance there may have been, has gone.”
“Nurse! He’s coming round.” Sherlock returns to the bedside, this time standing close enough that the person on it will be able to see him with little effort, his hands wrap around the metal side of the bed to help support his weight.
“As if that has ever stopped you before!” John grinds out, no sooner than the words are out than regret sits heavily in his eyes. “That was uncalled for. Sorry.”
It had taken a shower in one of the less salubrious hotels in the East End of London and spare clothes from a local bolthole before Sherlock had started to feel himself again.  A shower where he’d taken himself in hand and let his mind return to the image of John in the bath.  It hadn’t taken him long to reach his climax and he had returned to that image of John time and time again since.
He plays with the fine, dark curls that pepper Sherlock’s chest before tilting his head up to meet Sherlock’s tender gaze.
Sherlock's breathing was becoming more and more broken as he tried not to thrust into John's hand, recognising the need to regain some control of the situation he broke the kiss. As John began to protest he gently ran the tip of his tongue over the other man's lips, tasting his sigh. Slowly he delved his tongue deeper into John's mouth, meeting his tongue, caressing and deepening the kiss still further, John's hand movements had become more languid as the kiss became more seductive. Sherlock was holding John close with one hand and using the other to undo his shirt, silently thanking whichever gods there were that for once John had not hidden his beautiful body under layers of knitted camouflage. The kiss that had started so frantic was slower now, deeper, each stroke of the tongue adding further to the fire burning deep inside each man. They were now taking the time to caress the other's lips with their own, licking, gently sucking and nibbling, drawing out the intensity of each kiss. Finally Sherlock had the last button undone, sliding the shirt from John's shoulders he moved his kisses down his neck, gently sucking and nipping, giving in to his temptation to mark John as his own he sucked gently until the skin felt hot under lips before laving each new mark with the flat of his tongue.
"Moriarty couldn't burn the heart out of me, because I don't have it. I gave it to you long ago." The words are simple but heartfelt. Sherlock knows he should be feeling embarrassed by spouting such romantic sentiment but it's the truth. He doesn't know precisely when he gave his heart over to John's safe-keeping; only that it now resides with him. He carefully brings John's left hand to his lips and bestows a lingering kiss on its palm. The resulting hitch he hears in John's breath is all the encouragement he needs to treat the other hand in the same manner.
"I'm not ...."  John licks his lips, before taking a steadying breath.  "I'm not teasing, Sherlock.  You are just so beautiful and so much more than I deserve,  I can't believe I'm finally allowed to see you like this.  To have you like this."
John turns to hand them to Sherlock but stops short at the sight of him unbuttoning his shirt; the white bandage is stark against Sherlock's chest in the bright light of the midday sun. The rest of the skin on his chest is unblemished by scars, only the delicate kiss of a constellation of freckles and moles is apparent. John watches, lips parted, as Sherlock slips the material from his shoulders, carelessly (though no less accurately) throwing the shirt into the nearby washing basket. He flexes his shoulders before raising his arms above his head, luxuriating in the first stretch in his bedroom since being shot nearly a month ago. The muscles on his torso and in his arms flex and move and John is mesmerised by the sight. Sherlock looks so slight in his suits, almost like a strong wind could blow him over, but that is far from the truth. Even after enforced bed rest, Sherlock retains his defined musculature. It's not bulky; rather, it is streamlined and elegant. John thinks it's something akin to a dancer or swimmer, although he has never seen Sherlock participate in either (the gentle moves of the waltz he taught John could not account for the muscle definition). John has seen Sherlock in many states of undress but something about seeing him partially clothed, relaxed and ever-so-slightly rumpled, sitting on the bed they will eventually share, turns John's nervousness into something warmer. He smiles when Sherlock turns to look at him, his full lips quirked up on one side, his eyes soft and inviting. Sherlock holds one hand out to John in a silent gesture for John to join him.
Their slow ramble finally brings them back to the front door of their cottage and doubt finally starts to worry at John. He has never been sexually intimate with a man, never given in to the urge for a quick fumble to slake his lust, and what awaits him tonight is far more important than a frantic gasp and thrust. His palm is beginning to sweat but he is loath to release Sherlock's hand, even though he is sure that Sherlock is able to deduce his thoughts.
"Ok. You're going to be unsteady on your feet, and your legs will probably feel very weak. Don't worry, it's temporary, we just need to feed you up and get you moving around a little." John's words are iconic Doctor Watson, but the warmth in his voice and the gentle squeeze of his arm around Sherlock's waist is classic John. Sherlock feels strengthened just by his proximity and taking a deep breath, he slides off the bed, trusting John to take his weight where needed. He stands for a moment, letting the gentle swirl of the room slow and some strength to return to his legs. He flexes his hand where it is gripping John's bicep, indicating that he is ready to move. John understands Sherlock's unspoken directive and together they slowly shuffle forward. They pause when they are close to the edge of the toilet, both men looking down at the innocuous item with matching expressions of awkward discomfort. Taking a steadying breath, John breaks the moment by asking the question that is parading across Sherlock's mind.
Sherlock doesn’t know how he is supposed to react to this information so he simply nods, acknowledging John’s words.  Luckily, this seems to be enough for John, who smiles, gives a nod of his own, and settles down to read his book.
"What you did earlier with your tongue  ...... to my finger.  I want you to do that ......... " Sherlock stumbles for the words.  John watches in awe as colour floods Sherlock's cheeks. Deciding that actions speak louder than words, Sherlock guides their joined hands to press against his prominent erection before whispering, " ....... here."
Licking his lips, John continued. "I examined her and, God Sherlock; she was in a really bad way.  I called for an ambulance, but by the time it arrived she had totally lost consciousness. I felt so helpless." John stared into the depths of his glass. Sherlock reacted purely on instinct and put his hand over John's knee, gently rubbing his thumb against the denim of John's jeans. John met Sherlock's eyes and smiled briefly before continuing with his tale. "The ambulance came; they asked some brief questions whilst giving her an examination. Once they loaded her up, they called ahead to the hospital, saying that they suspected an ectopic pregnancy. That must have been when Mycroft's lot gathered their Intel.  Damn shame no one double checked, I could really have done with my best friend there." Sherlock felt his stomach sink at John's words.  "I wasn't able to try and contact you for ages, too much happening with Mary in and out of surgery, but I just kept hoping you'd turn up."
This may be finding a ‘safe’ source for a drug or by watching over people when they crash from their highs in rather dingy drug dens.”
"I'm going to get some ice chips, which you are going to suck on, and then, when you feel able, you can ask me whatever you need to. But be aware, Sherlock Holmes, I won't let you overtire yourself or try any more re-enactments of the great escape. Understood?" John's dark blue eyes meet with Sherlock's, John standing broad and strong, sure in his faith that Sherlock will do as he is told this time.
Not wanting Sherlock to somehow deduce his thoughts, John deliberately distracts him with something else.
John chuckles when Sherlock pushes against his left shoulder until he is lying flat on his back.  The chuckles turn into laughter as Sherlock pokes and prods at him, arranging him to his liking, finally resting his head on John’s right shoulder, his arm over John’s midriff.  Still quietly laughing, John slides his arm around Sherlock, before turning his head to drop a kiss on Sherlock’s head.  He moves slightly so that he is able to run his fingers through Sherlock’s soft curls before closing his eyes, relaxed and untroubled.  John drifts off to the sound of Sherlock’s contented sighs.
“Because you kissed me? Christ, you never need to apologise for kissing me.”  He huffs out a laugh.  “Especially like that.  Wow.”  He laughs again, the laughter gradually turning into a giggle, before long the sound of a deep baritone chuckle joins it.
Sherlock sleeps for a couple of hours more before awakening to the sound of a nurse speaking quietly to John, informing him of her actions as she performs them.  John is still sedated and Sherlock appreciates the professionalism and respect the nurse shows for her sleeping patient.  He uses her presence to excuse himself and make use of the small toilet facilities that are opposite John’s room. The mirror shows a more haggard reflection than Sherlock has seen since his return; the effect of his own injury, his confrontation with Mary and John’s hospitalisation.  Splashing cold water on his face and running his damp fingers through his hair he tries to tame his unruly curls.  He smooths his hands over his pyjamas, trying to rid them of the worst of the creases, wincing when his drip-feed snags.  He thanks a deity he does not believe in that in a day or two he will be off the bloody thing and able to regain some freedom of movement.  Not that he's planning on going anywhere, not until John is back on his feet.  Risking a final glance in the mirror he observes that no amount of cold water is going to hide the worry and strain he feels. He gives his reflection in the mirror a brief nod before turning away.
The surprised look that they get from the middle-aged couple receives only a good-natured smile from John, no-one comments on the flush of colour that rides high on Sherlock’s cheekbones.
John rests his head back down, his free arm bent under his head, allowing him to still look at Sherlock. He moves his other hand lightly over Sherlock's exposed skin, the covers having slipped down to their waist, and mostly off Sherlock, at some point during their nap. His fingers trace the raised lines on Sherlock's back that he had noticed but not mentioned whilst Sherlock was in hospital. The scars are not large and are mostly white, well into their healing process but John knows whip marks when he sees them. At the hospital, he'd had to physically clench his teeth to keep the questions tumbling out. He'd decided to neither seek nor refuse information, but he won't avoid touching them either. John knows how he feels when people - lovers - avoid his scar and he doesn't want Sherlock to feel that way, doesn't want him to feel anything less than complete, anything less than ..... Loved. John remembers the beautiful expanse of long, pale back Sherlock had flashed at Buckingham Palace and thinks that Sherlock's back is a different sort of beautiful now. It shows who Sherlock is: a survivor. Sherlock's body is lithely muscled, defined and elegant, a pleasure to watch in motion and a joy to study at rest. John trails his fingers over the muscles of Sherlock's shoulder before moving to the curve of his bicep. Even in slumber, Sherlock's strength is undeniable and John feels his heart quicken at the thought of being able to explore that body and strength more thoroughly.
Sherlock moans and rocks against John, his hand returning to John’s hair, pulling lightly as his other hand slides down John’s side, pausing at the edge of John’s jeans.
“I hope so, for your sake!”  John laughs, leaning back in his chair and the comforting feel of Sherlock’s arm.  “Are you having fun, Rosie posy?”
"Not going to happen Sherlock!" John allowed a chuckle to escape before becoming more serious.  "Thanks for letting me stay here, for making me get off the floor."  John realised that he should be feeling awkward, cocooned in bed with a sleepy Sherlock, sunlight flooding the room, but he wasn't; he felt like he was exactly where he was supposed to be. Gently, John trailed his fingers over Sherlock's forearm, following the lines of  the lean muscles and prominent veins; such strength hidden beneath alabaster skin.  His fingertips traced over scars, new and old, and he wondered about the stories behind them.
Sherlock has paused the disc and the screen shows a slightly grainy shot of the inside of what, John presumes, is Anderson's living room, the people little more than defined blurs. Taking a deep breath, John moves closer to the screen and the details of their features becomes clear. He stands with his hands clutched firmly behind his back, knowing that if he has them anywhere else they will betray his emotions. Bright grey eyes scan his face, Sherlock nods and moves out of the way, allowing John to take the seat in front of the computer.
"Oh, I think this is precisely the type of experiment I will enjoy, I won't even complain about the mess."  He giggles at the blush on Sherlock's cheeks, giggling more when he realises he is blushing too.  The giggles stop abruptly as cool fingers brush over his nipple, the intimacy of the moment is heady.  John originally had every intention of undressing Sherlock too, but he finds he is too lost in sensation to co-ordinate the fine motor movements required.
He glances across to where John is sitting in his chair, legs crossed at the ankle, his latest novel in his hand. John's attention isn't on his book. Rather, it is fixed on the flickering flames of the fire, lost, deep in thought. Using John's distraction as an excuse, Sherlock studies him. Long, golden eyelashes are highlighted in the warm light of the fire and the green and gold pigmentation that gives John's deep blue eyes their unusual hue are easier to see. Sherlock's eyes are often commented on, the shifting myriad colours and heterochromia equally attractive and off-putting for many but John's eyes are far more compelling. At a distance, they might easily be mistaken for brown but when he's angry or happy about something they are a deep, ocean blue; when the light shines on them just right they are the endless navy blue of the sky at dusk, never-ending and so easy to get lost in. John's skin reflects the orange glow of the fire, giving it the warm hues that it had when Sherlock first met him. John naturally has a warmth to his skin tone, strangely representative of the man himself. Sherlock's skin looks more like ice but he muses that they look good together; fire and ice, milk and honey, utterly complementary.
A few taps later and a video starts to play; Magnussen passes the phone to a reluctant John, who accepts it mechanically.
John allowed himself to watch Sherlock drinking, his eyes drawn to the way Sherlock's throat moved on each swallow. Sherlock's small groan of enjoyment made John blush furiously, too many of his fantasies flooding his mind at the sound.
Noise from down the corridor stops Sherlock from querying what Lestrade meant.  It is coming from the direction of John’s room; raised voices and the squeaking, rattling sound of a hospital bed being moved.  Throwing back his covers Sherlock begins to get out of his bed but before he can put his bare feet firmly on the floor Mycroft enters the room.
facing him on my own!" He sorts through the chest of drawers, quickly locating pyjamas for the both of them, throwing Sherlock's over to him, before pulling on his own. "Put those on whilst I go and let our visitor in."
Other songs had been more melancholy, the words alerting John to how much he would have been missed and how empty and alone Sherlock would have felt without him.
Molly nods, thankful that John is the one to raise the subject. A few moments later and Molly is settled at a microscope, a sample of John's sperm on the slide.
Nor do they hear when that person moves silently around in the kitchen or when their bedroom door is nudged open and someone looks in upon their sleeping forms.
John’s attention drifts lower and his breath catches in his throat; the beige trousers that had only hinted at their close fit from behind and below the edge of the frock coat, leave nothing to the imagination when seen from the front.
"Dick." John mutters affectionately, putting one finger on Sherlock's lips to stop him interrupting again. "There will be kisses. Lots and lots of kisses, hot ones, wet ones, chaste ones. Ones delivered in a rush and long, slow, luxurious kisses." John presses light kisses into the long column of Sherlock's neck, enjoying the difference of smooth skin and rough stubble against his lips. "There will also be more sex, more making love, more fucking. Whatever you want to call it. But ....." John brushes his finger over Sherlock's lower lip, eyes fixed on the movement. "It's going to have to be slower, more drawn out, perhaps there will even be times where you will just lie there and submit totally to my whims." His mouth quirks up at the side and he licks his lips, obviously savouring the image his mind has provided.
He becomes aware that John is talking to Rosie, telling her, once again, that they will be away for a few days. Sherlock takes the opportunity to give her one final hug before passing her up to John, who is now standing in readiness of their departure.  John rests her expertly on his hip, holding her safe with one arm; he plays with her hair before tugging her socks up and ensuring she has her cuddly bee, delaying handing her over to Mrs. Hudson for a few more precious moments.
"Not to me Sherlock. Get explaining then. I feel a bit of a twit standing here holding your hands." Despite his words there was no discomfort on John's face, his stance still relaxed, the only tell against the apparent calm was a slight tremor through his arms.
"Morning." John's voice was still heavy with sleep but Sherlock was relieved to hear only happiness in it, no regret or embarrassment.
“Picnic.” John licks his lips before accepting another sip of water, nodding his thanks. He wiggles his fingers and waits until Sherlock links their hands once more before trying to speak. “Us.” He swallows again, fighting valiantly against the tiredness that threatens to engulf him. “Our dau -.” John cuts himself off mid-word, leaving Sherlock mentally scrabbling for what the curtailed word could be. John is now intently studying their surroundings again, taking in the sterile white walls, the medical machines with their lights and beeps, before allowing his gaze to fall upon Sherlock, sitting tired and careworn beside him.
Sherlock raises their joined hands to his lips and presses a small kiss to John's knuckle. He knows that John will correctly interpret it as the heartfelt thanks it is.
Magnussen stands, sweeping his hands over invisible wrinkles in his suit, before heading towards the door.
John pulls him close and rests his chin lightly on the top of Sherlock’s head, he’s almost asleep when Sherlock speaks.
John is too shocked to question his appearance and allows Magnussen to use the buttons to adjust his bed.
Sherlock knew that the time had come to finally tell John how he felt, how every moment of every day was flooded with thoughts of him. Of them. Of how he wanted the rest of their lives to be spent together.  He felt his lips part as he tried to say the words, but a lifetime of emotional avoidance stopped him.  Once again, he steeled himself to try, only to be interrupted by John removing his hand.  He watched as John ran both hands over his face before turning his focus to the fire. A sure sign of avoidance.
"No going back then?" The hope in Sherlock's voice is clear, he wants John home, back in Baker Street, where he has always belonged.
touched John but other than that, the sample was collected under the exact conditions you requested."
As John prepares their brunch he almost feels like he can hear Sherlock splashing around in the bathroom. Realistically he knows he can't; the distance is too far and the food he is cooking is sizzling and bubbling away loudly enough to drown out even the most energetic of bathing. Just the knowledge that Sherlock is so close to hand and engaged in such an ordinary day-to-day activity is enough to make John smile.  He had missed this part of their life together, the simple give and take of living with someone that you were so in sync with.  He hears the bathroom door open just as he begins to serve the food onto two plates, the scent of Sherlock's aftershave reaches John's nostrils and the smell of it makes his mouth water more than any of the food before him. John closes his eyes, trying to capture the smell and jumps when a warm, smooth cheek presses against his own stubbly one, Sherlock's body heat flooding through the thin layer of John's borrowed dressing gown along his back as Sherlock's long arms wrap around John's body.
He can see Sherlock pout slightly and has to bite back a giggle, the man seems to be able to swing from sexually devastating adult to spoiled teenager in the blink of an eye. John deliberately turns his back and opens the cottage door; he passes the hair gems to Sherlock to store somewhere safe and then moves upstairs to the bedroom. The fireplace is well-equipped, and kindling and matches are already set out. John lights one of the long matches and watches as the dry wood of the kindling catches alight. He can hear rustling behind him as Sherlock puts the gems away but keeps his focus on the firelight in front of him. Watching the dancing flames is somehow soothing and he allows his mind to drift. He ruminates on how their relationship is similar to this fire; how the possibility of it has always been in existence, just needing something to put light to the kindling, in this case the fireflies. The kindling finally catches enough to allow John to put a few dry pine logs on the fire, careful not to smother the flame. Distantly, he hears Sherlock leave the room, followed by the sound of running water. His gaze is lost in the firelight, watching the way the flames lick at the logs. His relationship is at this stage with Sherlock, a wrong move and the whole thing could go out, but he instinctively knows that their relationship will ignite and grow, in the same way that the fire will flourish. It seems only seconds later that he senses Sherlock's presence once more. Rousing himself, he can tell from the way the logs have caught that it has, in reality, been closer to five minutes. He puts up an intricately woven iron fire-guard to protect the room from any sparks, carefully positioning a soft sheep-skin rug near the fire.
Sherlock tries to remain aloof but the sight of John in nothing but a white, fluffy towel, cream surgical gloves and a frown of concentration soon breaks through his facade. John raises a questioning eyebrow before registering what Sherlock is looking at, a quick sweep of his attire is all it requires before John's light giggle is blending with Sherlock's deeper laugh. "Yeah, yeah, I know. I'm Doctor Sexy."
The afternoon ticks by slowly, John and Sherlock both dozing, off and on. Sherlock's hand is tightly held in John's or vice versa, John leaning awkwardly on the bed or Sherlock leaning slightly over to touch John as he sleeps in the chair that is pulled up close to the bed. The feeling of tranquillity is broken when Sherlock realises that his bladder feels full. He had been successfully ignoring the call of his body for the last hour but it seems that desperate measures are now called for. He fidgets on his bed whilst deciding on whether to wake John and let him assist or to ring for a nurse. A nurse would be less personal, so potentially less embarrassing, but the idea of another person touching his flesh causes Sherlock's jaw to clamp shut and a violent tremor to shake his body. The resulting judder of the bed frame is enough to rouse John from his light sleep and the decision is effectively removed from Sherlock.
A murmured ‘Oh God.’ comes from the direction of the bed, encouraging Sherlock to tease himself more.
"I'm afraid not. The kills that we are able to conclusively assign to her were not bad people, at least, no more than most. They were individuals of power or influence who had upset the wrong people or institutions. They had become a problem and as such had to be eliminated. There also seem to have been a couple of kidnappings of younger people where she was involved in the, shall we say, disposal of the subject."
“I had half convinced myself that I had dreamed the events of last night.”  Sherlock admits, finally drawing slightly back.
"Transport or not, Sherlock, you're eating.  It's too late for breakfast now so let's call it brunch.  The fridge is all stocked up so how about I throw something together and you have a quick wash and brush up and get ready for Anderson arriving?"  John is already moving towards the kitchen as he speaks, the idea of a cooked lunch very appealing to him.  Not as appealing as continuing to lie in Sherlock's arms but probably the safest option when Anderson is due at any moment.
John coughs, surprised at the way his body is reacting to the slight hint of possessive jealousy Sherlock is unknowingly displaying. His cock, that had been softening during their conversation, once again begins to fill and harden.
Wearily, Sherlock closes his eyes and is immediately flooded with images of Mary in her wedding gown, Mary holding a gun whilst dressed in black, Mary dressed in a black mourning dress, strangely decorative and more in keeping with a wedding gown, Mary heavily pregnant and wearing the red coat that reminds him so much of blood and the Mary in his dreams - no pregnancy, no child in sight and intelligence that seems superior to even his own and a match, as much as he hates to admit, for Mycroft.
"Well, as long as you are both well I'll say goodnight.  I don't want to be out too late, this little one is already making me tired." She laughs and pats her tummy.
“Nonsense.  You stay right there, young man,  I’m going to sort you out some food.  And you are going to eat it, even if I have to spoon feed you.”
Sherlock traces patterns over the scars that adorn John’s knees and lower legs, wondering briefly about their origin before drifting his lips over John’s feet.
"Just one. I was much older, last year of medical school this time, just before signing up to ship out with the army. He was studying law and we'd see each other in the library, the only idiots daft enough to actually be studying for our exams. More often than not we'd be the only people in the library. The librarian even let us start locking up for them - personally, I think she was off for a sneaky shag with the caretaker." John laughs as he reminisces. "I knew Brian was gay and he knew I was attracted to him. My friends didn't judge either of us, but again, I kept it a secret from my family. I'm still not sure why I did that even now." He frowns, thinking about it again. "I loved Brian but we knew that I would be shipping out in a few months so we didn't try to make it more than it was. It was an odd mix of intense and comfortable."
He opens his eyes at the same time as he tries to force himself into a seated position; the room spins and John hisses at the renewed spike of pain.
John returns from the bathroom and kneels next to Sherlock, his weight causing the mattress to dip and Sherlock to tilt slightly towards him.  Carefully, reverently,  John cleans Sherlock's stomach and chest before throwing the cloth in the rough direction of the wash basket.  Pulling the sheets over their cooling skins, leaving their chests bare, John snuggles into Sherlock.  His head rests on Sherlock's shoulder, an arm and leg trailing over Sherlock's body.  Slowly Sherlock wraps his arms around John's strong torso, pulling him closer.  Both men sigh in contentment and John trails his fingers in random patterns over Sherlock's chest and flat stomach.  Tilting his head down, Sherlock kisses John's ruffled hair.
"Not going anywhere?" Sherlock's words were soft and hesitant, but the beginnings of a pout played around the edges of his full lips. Sherlock could feel his heart pound at the idea of John staying nearby. "Your punch wasn't hard enough to cause a break. I didn't hit my head when I fell, so there's definitely no concussion to worry about. I won't be 'running off' again anytime soon. So why are you staying?" He tilted his head as he tried to read John, his eyes suddenly narrowing. "I don't need a bloody babysitter John!"
"I'm not going to argue with that." John replies, his voice rough, already envisioning how Sherlock's mouth would look wrapped around his cock.
Sherlock is overwhelmed in the very best of ways. Every atom, every molecule, is surrounded and soaked in John.  He can feel John's sweat cooling on his skin; feel his soft silver-grey hair under his fingertips, John's breath against the hot skin of his penis.  Sherlock's mouth is still rich with the taste of John's release.  John has teased him and teased him, both mentally and physically and Sherlock feels close to bursting apart.  John's gentle nuzzles against his clothed genitalia had been nearly enough to send Sherlock crashing into the abyss of pleasure, only his determination to feel John's mouth against him had prevented that journey.
"Christ Sherlock, you look bloody dreadful! What happened? What's wrong?" John's heart plummeted to his stomach, all signs of arousal suddenly banished from his mind and body, hands now locked at his side, furiously clenching and releasing. His eyes scanned the room as he marched towards Sherlock, looking for whatever had caused such a look of devastation to be so apparent on Sherlock's face.
"Oh my god." John's breath was coming in gasps again.  If he hadn't just come he was sure he'd be coming again, just the sight of Sherlock aroused was hugely erotic, but to be the reason for that was overwhelming, in the most indecently wonderful way.  John felt like he was a teenager again, riddled with hormones and amazed to be in a sexual situation.
"Blimey."  John stares out of the door, before blinking and turning his full attention towards Sherlock.  "Teddy bears in pink bloomers?  I know that's not the morphine talking as you've not been on it for a while, now." John puts an arm around Sherlock's waist where they sit on the bed and draws him close until he can press a kiss into Sherlock's soft curls. "I missed your sense of humour."
.  Taking a few calming breaths, Sherlock allows himself a few more moments to dwell on his imaginings before shaking them off as the unobtainable dream they are.  He risks a quick glance at the mirror, noting that he looks pale and a little shaken but no more than can be easily written off as pain-related.
Finally John moves his hand away and averts his gaze so that it is fixed on the ice in the cup he is idly rocking in his hand.
"This? This is what the beginning of forever feels like Sherlock."  John knows he sounds like a romantic fool; for once he isn't embarrassed or ashamed.  He pushes up on his toes, closing the height difference between them, pressing his lips against the plush lips before him, glorying in the way they feel as they meld against his, the kiss slow and loving.
Sherlock nods, fighting against his need to stay with John. With a heavy heart he exits the room, leaving John to his thoughts. Sherlock engages in mindless chit-chat with the nurses for several minutes before visiting the small toilet facilities. He takes the opportunity to wash his hands and face, splashing warm water under his arms in an effort to freshen up, before running damp, shaking fingers through his hair.
“We’re going back to our room.  Now.”  Sherlock tugs on John’s arm, walking them at a brisk rate to the lift.
“She’s rather put out with you, Mary.  Insisted that she came to see that you got what was coming to you.”  John asserts, seemingly seeing nothing wrong with the presence of an old woman at the scene of a kidnapping and beating.
"Why wasn't your heart free to be hers?" The words are whispered, the hope too fragile to be spoken too loudly.
“Nice.  She was unexpectedly nice.”  John smiles, popping into the kitchen to get himself a bottle of beer, collecting one for Sherlock at the same time.  He drops in to his armchair after handing over the beer, stretching his legs out before him.  “Erin was a very pleasant surprise, thank you.”
“Your husband could be on the cusp of regaining consciousness, have you no words of encouragement, of comfort, for him?”  Sherlock questions, struggling to keep the anger from his voice.
"Yeah, I can do that." John breathes his agreement against Sherlock's chest as he pulls him into an embrace, heedless of the ejaculate on his body now smearing back onto Sherlock.
Sherlock hums happily, turning his head slightly to press a kiss against John's chest. "What a good idea John. I'm amazed I didn't think of it." The sarcasm is heavy in Sherlock's sleepy voice but there is no malice there, just a gentle teasing.
John reacts immediately; his undulations becoming more forceful, rubbing his leaking cock onto the skin of Sherlock’s overheated chest; his breath coming out in loud gasps, intermingled with barely vocalised ‘Oh Christ,’ and ‘Sherlock’.
“That’s enough now, Sherlock.  Let the man do his job.”  The words are softly spoken but carry an undertone of steel in a voice that causes Sherlock to bristle even more.  He whirls around to confront the man standing in the doorway, cursing when the tubing of his IV once again snags and pulls.  Mycroft Holmes stands straight and tall, his suit immaculate, his ubiquitous umbrella held loosely in his hand; his attention is apparently solely on Sherlock but small tells, such as the tightening of his brow and a slight dip on the left side of his mouth, indicate that he is well-aware of where Mary still leans beside the door, smirking.
Suddenly it was Sherlock's turn to be amazed. John took control of the dance once more, effortlessly moving them around the floor of the flat.  Opening his mouth to say something, anything, he found he couldn't. Blinking rapidly to clear his confusion he realised that the noise in his mind was not much more than background noise, like an itch on the edge of his consciousness - needing a scratch later but nothing to concern him now.
Sherlock studies John for a long moment, observing his still-relaxed sprawl, the carefree smile and the way John is looking at him in return. It seems that, now John has finally allowed the true depth of his feelings out, he is confident in his emotions; no hesitancy, no last minute doubts. They've known each other for half a decade, been in regular contact or living together for over half of that; if John is still sure of his feelings after all this time, Sherlock decides he will not be the one to persuade him otherwise.
His heart is pounding and his lips dry, for a while neither man moves but at the sound of John’s phone notifying an incoming text Sherlock pulls away.
He gazes up at Sherlock, his expression soft, their bodies not touching anywhere else, the heat coming from one, warming the other.
“Ok.  I’m going to unbutton your shirt now, Sherlock, I’ll then remove the dressing from over your wound.  I’ll palpate the area to check for swellings or signs of infection, this might be quite uncomfortable but should not cause any severe pain.  After this is done I will re-dress the area.”
"No, although I suspected that she might. It's been too long since she contacted you, she's given you what she deems adequate time to get settled and now she's reminding you of your responsibilities and that she needs you to go home." Sherlock's voice is calm and his body language open, sensing that John feels emotionally vulnerable.
The words, ‘very affirming,’ in Sherlock’s rich voice play in John’s mind as he starts to lose his battle against sleep.
Sherlock's eyes had fluttered closed during these loving kisses, his full lips partly open, soft sighs escaping, never had he felt so loved, so appreciated, so needed. The knowledge of John's feelings for him, all of him, bringing tears to his eyes. He felt the tears being kissed away, John understanding they were tears of joy, no awkward questions needed.
This chapter is unbetaed as my lovely beta is rushed off her feet with her glorious podfics. In fact I'm in need of a beta reader! Anyone interested? I'm a fussy bugger I'm afraid, I'll mostly need my beta to help with rogue punctuation and over use of words.
The amazing, helpful, supportive and kind Lockedinjohnlock has taken on the tough task of helping me to knock this into shape in the hope of turning into a podfic. I can't praise her dedication and kindness enough! She is helping to improve my writing and my confidence in it. I am hugely flattered that she has offered to look this over and (fingers crossed) podfic this!
Before all the current problems with Mary had surfaced - when John had been trying to write off his doubts and worries about his impending marriage as the product of an over-active mind teemed with the abrupt return of a man he had believed dead and buried - John had worried how he would cope with quiet nights in with Mary, at the perceived boredom married life would inevitably bring. Now he knows it wasn't the quiet he was dreading, it was the quiet with
Smiling sadly into his tea, John knew that he had every right to tease Sherlock for being more of the romantic than he ever was, but he knew he never would.  Sherlock had lowered his defences enough to 'voice' his feelings in a manner that he knew was safe, hoping that John would recognise what he was trying to say, whether he acknowledged it on a conscious level or not.
John is feeling shaken to the core, Mary .... Angela.... Had lived through a life of violence and had gone on to deliver her own form of violence. Logically, he knows that most people who have suffered abuse go on to live perfectly happy, non-violent lives, but he can't help wondering if it is the reason why Angela is the way she is.
John gasped as Sherlock grabbed a handful of his short hair and pulled his mouth back towards  his.  "Fuck. Holy mother of ..." John’s words were cut short as Sherlock pushed his lips firmly against John’s. John moved his hand along the length of Sherlock's cock, groaning into the kiss at the feel of the silky smooth skin covering a rock hard erection. Using his other hand John tugged the sheet away from Sherlock's body, allowing it to pool on the floor between them. John desperately wanted to look at the full glory of a very naked Sherlock but every nerve ending was now being flooded by the fact that he was holding a very erect penis in his hand.  Sherlock's beautifully proportioned, eagerly throbbing, utterly perfect, penis. Breathing deep into the kiss he moved his hand along the long shaft, savouring its heat and firmness.
"Yeah, probably.  Thanks Sherlock. That was good. You're...."  amazing, outstanding, beautiful..... "A really good teacher, much more patient than I probably deserve." John was mumbling in the direction of his feet, not wanting to look up in case Sherlock saw the sadness on his face.
"Oh, John!" Mary's eyes are bright with unshed tears and John allows it when she moves to press a kiss to his cheek.  Sherlock notices the way that John's shoulders twitch at the contact, worrying that Mary may have seen it too. No, her eyes are shut, the moisture of escaping tears clinging to her lashes.
"That Mary texted me during the night. Is that why you wanted me to check the time? Because generally you seem to be able to swipe the exact time out of the air." John's arms flail about and he starts to pace. He knows that he is overreacting but seeing Mary's name has somehow shattered the illusion of safety and contentment John had allowed to creep up on him overnight.
John finally feels like he can participate in the conversation without looking like an utter imbecile.  Conversations with Sherlock are often like walking on quicksand, but this one has been more challenging than usual.
Just as John starts to respond a waiter arrives with their appetiser, John glances at the waiter, then back to Sherlock, clearing his throat awkwardly.  John nods his thanks as the waiter puts the plate of food in front of him, placing the spare plate in front of Sherlock.
John looks round to find Mrs Hudson standing mere inches away; her comforting presence eases some of the tension that is locking him in place and he finds he is able to return her worried smile, albeit very briefly. He shakes his head, both to indicate that he's not all right and to try and shake the melancholy away. What has happened, happened; he now needs to move on with his life, a life that no longer involves Mary. He stifles a huff of laughter when he realises that in some ways, he needs to thank Mary; if she hadn't shot Sherlock, he would never have been compelled to face up to the reality of how he feels about him, much less admit it to his face.
“Why are you acting as if you care, Mary? You’re love is as fake as your pregnancy, it seems.”  He spits a mouthful of blood on to the ground at her feet.
It had also been Mary who had encouraged Sherlock in his belief that Moriarty was still alive - or at least some version of him.
“Our ‘romantic weekend’ has started.” Sherlock clarifies, even as his heart sinks at the knowledge that this contact is just part of their persona for the case, he shoves the foolish hope back down that had sprung up at John’s touch.
"Mmmm." John hums contentedly. "That feels nice. Intimate." John closes the space between them, heedless of the pool of ejaculate between them. Tilting his head, John presses his lips against Sherlock's. They feel dry after all his panting but warm and welcoming. Soon, Sherlock gets lost in the kiss, the sensation somehow soothing and comforting. John eventually slows the action, delivering small, soft kisses against Sherlock's full lips before eventually stopping. They lie, forehead resting against forehead, for long minutes as their pulses return to normal and the sweat on their bodies turns cold.
Mycroft nods, his hand drifting to Greg's lower back, this time making contact. Greg quirks an inquisitive eyebrow at Mycroft before relaxing into his touch, bidding Sherlock and John farewell. Mycroft leaves his briefcase and umbrella behind, indicating his intended return.
Sherlock leans back to study John's face.  The truth of his words is evident.  "You do. You love me!"  Sherlock can no longer hold his tears back, but now they are tears of joy.  He is aware that he is sobbing and smiling, all of his fears have finally been chased away.  Sherlock allows John to pull his face closer, lets him kiss along the salty tracks of his tears, all the time revelling in John's love and devotion.  Laughter bubbles up from deep inside him, vibrating against John's skin.
With quick steps John covers the remaining space between them, dispensing with his towel on the way.
Please kudos, comment, subscribe, bookmark, recommend! Any and all much appreciated!  Goodness I'm getting cheeky now!
“You decide.”  Sherlock frowns at the people around him.  Everyone seems relaxed, most are chatting light-heartedly, some are concentrating on eating but even they are at ease.  He’s missing something; but what?
"Don't be such a prat John Watson, it's just dancing. You can handle this." His reflection grimaced at him, a mockery of a smile. "So I really am going mad, bloody talking to myself now." With a curt nod John submerged his hands into the cool water, raising them to his lowered head he thoroughly soaked his face, trying to wash away all trace of nausea, nerves and ..... was that excitement? His heart was pounding as he returned his gaze to the mirror, cheeks flushed, eyes dilated. John knew it was wrong to be wanting this physical contact with Sherlock so much.  At all really, but dear God he needed to be close to him.  Sherlock was usually so protective of being touched and John had respected that.  Had never allowed his body to come in contact with Sherlock's unless it had been for a case or whilst tending Sherlock's many injuries. But then it had been in a professional manner, now it was going to be personal ..... intimate and his whole body yearned for Sherlock.  If learning to dance was his only chance to steal that intimacy then that is what he would do.  He fought back against the nausea that he knew was brought on by his guilt over Mary. He tried to reason that he wasn't actually cheating on her - not physically, but he knew he couldn't lie to himself that he wasn't cheating on her emotionally.
Sherlock opens his mouth but his protestation is cut off at mid-point. "I have plans for you, Sherlock Holmes....". John kisses Sherlock, allowing it to deepen briefly before pulling back. "And I need you fighting fit for it."
Sherlock! Do not, I repeat do not use the gun! Poor Mrs Hudson will never forgive us..... Forgive you! - JW
"Close your eyes, Sherlock.  Concentrate on the patterns my fingers make."  John's words are whispered directly onto the skin of Sherlock's neck, the brush of John's lips enough to make Sherlock groan and shiver in delight.
The action drags at Sherlock’s loose shirt, showing a large expanse of creamy white skin speckled with a constellation of freckles and moles.
