Cas breathes. He can do this. All the information he’s acquired indicates that it’s a small, casual gathering of friends to celebrate a birthday. It shouldn’t be a big deal. Still, it hasn’t stopped him from calling in the big guns. Or little guns, since Anna is rather petite.
Dismissed, Cas goes to sit down. His productivity is laughably slow today. More backspacing and leaving notes for himself than actual writing. He keeps finding his mind drifting to Dean’s strange response. He’s never had an issue with them chatting when Cas arrives--or really at any time throughout the day. He’d been excited to talk about his brother, describing his accomplishments with obvious pride, but then something had changed. Cas has never been good at small talk. He knows that. It always feels like there’s some code everyone has agreed upon, a set of rules that dictates what’s fair game for discussion and what isn’t. He’d thought the book fair was a safe way to go and it certainly had brought Charlie around, but somehow he’d alienated Dean.
Dean doesn’t get it. Cas says these things like it’s as reasonable for Dean to be as knowledgeable about flowers as he is about cars. He doesn’t act surprised. There’s no judgement surrounding it. Dean would almost think he was being made fun of except that he knows by now that Cas would always send a winking emoji if he was kidding.
“Well, let’s see. First off, I’d probably need many, many stitches from trying to wrestle a backpack onto her. Secondly, the added weight would probably throw off her balance which would make getting up to your place extremely difficult if not outright dangerous.”
He nearly snorts. Dean Winchester doesn’t need to meet people online. He always seems comfortable in his own skin. In fact, Cas has rarely even seen him sitting with his phone in his hand, which is Cas’s default position. He always seems completely present in whatever moment he’s in. It’s one of the things Cas likes about him. He imagines introducing himself as Chrysler to Dean. It takes no effort at all to picture the look of confusion in his green eyes and the way he’d quickly make an excuse to leave.
Cas thanks the server as he sets down his soda. “I switched up locations. It seems to be helping. For now, anyhow.”
The evening progresses easily as they eat and drink, Henry regaling them with stories about the bugs he’s caught and released this week. His stories meander and ramble and Dean wouldn’t have it any other way. The kid loves to talk and Sam and Eileen look more than happy to not be his sole audience for a change. He gets so into it that his parents have to coax him through eating his “growing food”.
Cas nods, his face as focused and solemn as when he’s sitting in the coffee shop hammering away at his keyboard. He drops the fish to the floor just out of reach of her front paw. Wiggling it the tiniest bit, he waits for her to reach for it then he smoothly drags it backwards.
Dean can see the indecision in his eyes and he realizes then that Cas is just as nervous as he is. Because the collar isn’t on yet, Dean takes it upon himself to make a decision, and he leans forward to kiss Cas.
There’s no response and he switches on his phone flashlight so that he can see to switch on the shop light plugged into the outlet. Even if a raccoon could’ve gotten the latch open, there’s nothing in here worth eating, but nonetheless, he finds signs of someone having been in there. He’d left some cabinet doors stacked on the hay bales, ready to be stripped and sanded, but now he finds they’ve been knocked to the floor. Even before he can process that, he hears the sound of something crashing inside the house.
Cas laces his fingers together and reaches both hands above his head, stretching his shoulders. “Terribly.”
In his apartment, he goes through some deep breathing until he feels steady enough to try the coffee. Instead of drinking it though, he lets his fingers trail around the surface of the cup, as if he can still feel the lingering warmth of Dean’s touch.
“You will have setbacks. That’s how this goes. But you get to decide if you view them as failures or opportunities.”
She takes a moment to introduce Castiel around, but most of them are used to seeing him either as a substitute or at school events, and they greet him kindly. Quietly, Naomi defers to the Book Fair Chair and, as a group, they walk down the stairs to the school library. Inside, they receive the game plan for rearranging the low shelves to clear a space for the book fair displays to be set up. This is not Cas’s first rodeo, but he stands and bites his lip so as not to smile when one of the new committee members suggests setting up the cashier table in a different spot. That idea is quickly shut down, by the committee chair who looks like she doesn’t appreciate her plans being questioned. Cas glances at his mother who has mastered the fine art of not reacting. She stays quiet and lets the parents work things out themselves.
Cas stood as still as he could, trying to figure out what to do with his face. He wanted to laugh, to show Dean that it didn’t bother him, but he couldn’t quite seem to make it happen. While his mind was scrambling, Charlie stepped into his field of vision, shoulders squared and mouth tightly set.
“I don’t get it,” Dean says. “You’ve written a book. Something you can pick up and hold in your hands. It’s physical proof that you’re a writer. Why is it so hard to say?”
He gets out of the car, legs still shaky. They make their way over toward Cas, Dean keeping his head turned away so that he doesn’t have to see the Impala. At least it won’t have to be towed far, he thinks and he has to bite his tongue so as not to laugh. It’s not funny. None of it is, and yet it still bubbles up inside him, wanting to burst out of him.
It’s all built on trust and if Dean is hiding in the kitchen ungrateful and bitter, then he’s failed at his role.
After a few bites of burger, he picks up a chip but Cas isn’t looking at him and he turns it over in his fingers a few times before putting it down and reaching for his burger again.
As the weeks pass, Dean wouldn’t say he’s become a regular at the Nail ‘n’ Ale exactly, but he finds himself there more and more often. It just makes sense to combine trips, since he’s forever in need of more nails or spackle or caulking, and God knows he needs to eat. Sometimes he and Cas will meet for a quick bite before embarking on their next project.
Kneeling over Cas, Dean reaches over to the nightstand drawer, pulling it open with a rattle to get out the bottle of lube. Cas tugs him forward, teasing him with the wet heat of his mouth as Dean works himself open. A few more flicks of Cas’s tongue, and then Dean is reluctantly pulling out, shuffling backwards to give Cas a couple of long strokes with his lubed hand before lining himself up and sinking down onto him in one smooth motion.
Feeling antsy, he decides to treat himself to breakfast at the coffee shop. Some sugar and caffeine will go a long way towards getting him through the day, not to mention the fact that the place is blissfully air conditioned. Altering his schedule takes away the chance of running into Dean as they both leave for work, but the bags under his eyes would probably be enough to scare him off anyhow.
That’ll give him some time to focus on these final details. It might take a few extra days to make things perfect, but it’ll pay off in the long run if the house sells faster and for a better price. Tucking the business card safely in a drawer, he calls Bobby and gives him an overdue update.
“Thank you,” he says softly. The mug feels too hot in his hands, but he keeps it wrapped up tight. Cas steals a few glances his way, but other than that he looks like he’s prepared to sit there forever.
Besides, it’s still early. Not unreasonable for someone to be playing music. If it goes on too late, Cas decides with a determined nod, he’ll go up there, knock on the door, and deal with it like the adult he is. His conviction sours a little as he remembers the way he’s blatantly
“I’m not going to pin your hands tonight.  But it’s your job to stay as still as you can.  Do you understand?”
“I promise you this isn’t like before. Not like when I needed to make the safety plan.” A look of relief relaxes Cas’s features. “You can check in with me as much as you’d like. But I am planning to go back to sleep.”
“Okay,” Dean says. “That’s great. Kind, strong, loving”--he raises his eyebrows at Cas until he nods his agreement. “And you became a teacher too, right?”
Dean’s in the kitchen when Cas gets home that evening.  He can’t keep the stupid grin off his face as he turns to watch Cas walk towards him.  “Hi,” he says, almost shyly, which is ridiculous.
Cas. He’d come out here almost certainly knowing what was going on and instead of being matter-of-fact about it, or even reading Dean the riot act for yet again wasting his time, he’d fucked with him
“I mean, you learned it from Grandpa John, right? That makes it really, really old.” He leans forward, one hand reaching toward the dial, but he looks at Dean and waits for permission. Dean pretends like it’s a huge decision, but then he nods. A moment later some kind of God knows what techno bop bullshit is filling the car. Henry leans back, his head bobbing slightly to the beat. “It’s good, huh?”
Up ahead, Henry finally realizes that Dean has stopped walking and he turns around. Dean’s caught. He doesn’t want Henry here but he doesn’t like having Alastair between them. He tries to plaster on a smile, waving at Henry so he won’t be alarmed. Deciding
When the man turns around to face her, Charlie’s bright smile falters. Trying to understand what’s changed, Cas glances out to the parking lot. The man pulled up in a nice-looking, older model car and while Cas doesn’t know what kind it is, it seems it’s been well-cared for. The guy driving it must have some high standards and a tiny part of Cas feels proud that he would bring his car here. Maybe that explains the way he was taking in every last detail of the waiting room, Cas included.
Dean glances at the tweet, then gets up from the bed to walk to the door. “Well, they don’t have one here, but a lot of doors do. The rubber tipped spring stops the door from slamming into the wall.” He looks at Cas expectantly, with that pleased expression he always gets at imparting a new bit of human knowledge.
Naomi looks up from the clipboard she’s filling out and there’s a long moment before she speaks. It’s not like Cas is worried about what she might say but nonetheless it feels like time is stretching out forever. “It’s very nice to meet you. I’m Naomi Novak and I’ve heard a lot about you. Both of you,” she hurries to add.
“Listen, smartass,” Dean says. “I mean--” and he rolls them until Cas is now on his back. Dean stands, then nods up towards the top of the bed. “Get comfy.”
“We...” Dean rubs the back of his neck. “We didn’t get that far.” Mary raises an eyebrow. “Okay, okay I probably should’ve led with that.”
“No, we know,” Benny says, his Southern drawl set to maximum soothe, like Dean needs to be handled. Dean immediately goes on the defensive.
The kids ran and played in the yard while the grown-ups chatted. Cas was worried about starting at the new school, but it was hard to stay focused on that when Charlie got so offended at Dean calling her an honorary boy that she punched him in the shoulder. Cas laughed, especially when Dean waited until her back was turned to quickly rub it.
He knows “whenever” is a relative term, as his session has a definite start and end time, but the fact that she’s letting him take a moment allows him to get it out there. “Afterwards. When it was done, I would walk back to the house in the dark. I’d count the steps as I walked.”
His look is soft and open, his eyes so fucking deep and blue that Dean again feels the noisy elementary school gymnasium fall away around them. Before Dean can remember how to speak, Cas suddenly lurches sideways and his face turns to one of surprise.
“If she’s sick, will she fight you if you try to get her? Like, should we wrap her in a towel or something?”
Cas is somewhat mollified, but he scowls nonetheless. “Well, with such charming interactions as these, who wouldn’t want more ‘friends’.” To her credit, Meg winces at the air quotes.
Dean sends the pictures so they can discuss and prioritize what needs to be done. Working from that, Dean makes a list of supplies he’s going to need. He does a quick search and shouldn’t even be surprised to find that the nearest Home Depot is a forty-five minute drive away, in the outskirts of Des Moines. Great, nothing like having to set aside a half day every time he needs something. Maybe it’s time he checked out the hardware store he passed in town to see what they have on hand.
Minutes pass, and each time he starts to worry about taking too long or wasting Jody’s time, he acknowledges that and then refocuses on the sound and feel of his own breath. He feels his mind begin to drift a little and he tries not to control it in any way. It’s the weirdest sensation and the only thing he can compare it to is that old game show Press Your Luck he used to watch on motel televisions when his dad was out drinking and Dean couldn’t sleep. He can almost feel his consciousness darting from space to space, like the frame of lights used to, before it settles and a memory slots into focus.
Charlie has a faraway look in her eyes. “We never realized how good we had it in elementary school.”
Cas squints a little. With his untamed hair, it makes him look a little bit like a disgruntled baby bird. Dean can’t believe he’s gone from being impressed by Cas’s lower body strength to considering him with the word
“I think so.” He finishes his donut. “That reminds me. I’d be happy to bring you coffee. And Dean as well. Just let me know what you like.”
Dean readily says yes and lets Cas put it in place to serve as a gag. When he’s through, he presses something round into Dean’s hand, curling his fingers around it.
Cas pushes up on one elbow. “I’m fine, Dean.” Then he winces and stops, lying flat again. “A little dizzy.”
“No.” Dean says quickly. “Not at all. I just think this would work well with both of our, um, natural tendencies. I mean, I spent so many years having to handle everything all the time. It’s no wonder I like being able to give up control to you.” Cas squints at him, but Dean can tell he’s processing, so he continues. “And you. Your parents had you under their thumb for so long—”
Cas fucks into him fast and hard until all Dean can do is brace his feet on the mini bar and hang on. Whether or not anyone can see him, he’s exposed. The driver is inches away and no matter how professional he is, there’s no mistaking what’s going on back here. Dean wants to close his eyes, he knows Cas can’t stop him from doing that, but he doesn’t. And that’s why they do this. Because Dean didn’t know how much of a turn on this was until Cas initiated it. By giving Cas this control, Dean finds himself doing things he never would have been brave enough to do otherwise. And Jesus, does Cas ever make it worth his while.
They’ve made him sit, but Dean finds it hard to be still and he twists his fingers in his lap. “I’ve been trying, I swear, but…”
“That’s not the point. The point is I need to keep this place running and I can’t afford distractions of any kind.”
“Again, you lead the way here.” She doesn’t sound irritated in having to remind him of that. “You mentioned last week how much you hate the out of control feeling that the panic and dissociation cause.”
“Nice try.  You may be the…” Dean stops and glances out the kitchen doorway to make sure Anna is out of earshot before hissing, “
Dean drives them to the hotel they’ve booked for their wedding night. They’ll stay here tonight then have brunch in the morning at Bobby’s before heading off on their honeymoon. It’s nothing too fancy but the room is comfy and well-appointed and there’s an awfully big bathtub they’re both eyeing. Side by side, they get undressed and brush their teeth. Dean’s still getting used to having his honeycomb right on his right hand and Cas keeps stopping to admire his own wedding ring.
“I can’t tell if this house thing has sent you into a… a spiral or something? Or if it’s something more.” Cas takes in a deep breath, and Dean hears it shudder at the end. “Are you unhappy?” He swallows thickly. “With me?”
“I get that,” says Dean, because he does. This is about pushing things a little bit further in this one aspect of their connection, not redefining who they are in regard to each other.
Dean scrubs a hand over his face. At some level he knows she’s right. He’s poured his heart and soul into keeping this business afloat. Maybe Winchester & Son hadn’t been his original game plan, but there was no way he was going to let it rot when his dad left. God knows it was tempting. Dean was so fucking tired of being the one left holding the bag every time John Winchester fucked off, but Dean knew the livelihood of his employees was on the line. Garth had just gotten married, Lee and his wife had one kid and another on the way. Their paycheck was the thing keeping them housed and fed. There was no way he could walk away from that.
“I mean, all this stuff we do.” He waves towards the bedroom. “I feel like I shouldn’t still need to do it now. Like I should be able to cope better on my own.”
Dean would love to send a pic of his Baby but he might as well post every last bit of identifying information if he’s going to do that.
Cas makes him wait a few minutes before he gives Dean the okay to start eating, time Dean spends idly moving his spoon around his bowl so as not to make himself look conspicuous.
Also, Naomi and her backyard birds is just blatantly me. Especially during the pandemic, keeping feeders filled and cleaned has given me that sense of purpose, and when I'm home all the time where nothing changes, seeing who comes to visit is a constant source of entertainment and distraction.
Dean sighs. “You gotta get that taken care of. I know damn well you have access to another car, just drop this one off at the mechanic.”
“So I got a call from Greta Lutz this afternoon. She’d apparently entered nesting territory of a goose near her barn and the thing had gone after her.”
When the limo arrives, Cas can’t resist bragging to the driver. He gestures to Dean. “Tonight you’re driving one of the finalists for the Youth Mentor of the Year award! Doesn’t he look sharp in his tux?”
To even things out, Cas usually brings a couple of sodas or some snacks or fruit or whatever to add to Dean’s entree, and they sit on the bench swapping and sharing like kids in a school cafeteria trading the lunches their parents packed for them.
A flash of movement caught his eye and he glimpsed his father, a piece of paper clutched in one hand, making his way to their station wagon. Cas knocked on the window and watched as his father turned, eyes casting around for the source of the sound until he spotted Cas. Silver hair glinting in the July sunlight, he smiled, waving broadly. Cas, leaning against the window sill, waved back. He straightened up when he heard his mother climbing the stairs.
He can see Sam literally grind his teeth for a moment before he switches into lawyer mode. “Did anybody else see it? Were there any witnesses to him threatening you?”
Dean darts his eyes up at Cas who is staring down at him, then looks straight ahead again, pressing his lips together.
He’s pondering the likelihood of being able to Mission Impossible his way there and back without being seen through Dean’s peephole when he gets a message notification from SavetheDrake.
it could say in rainbow colors, pointing to him with a big, flashing arrow. Suddenly, Cas feels like he can’t breathe as a pressure builds in his chest, clogging his throat. He picks up his cup of long-cold coffee and sips at the dregs to try and ease it. Instead, he finds himself giving a sputtering cough and he claps a hand over his own mouth. He’s lucky he didn’t manage a full spit take right onto his computer.
He takes a grateful bite of the burger and it does seem like he’s tasting each distinct part more fully: the juicy beef, the salty cheese, the crisp lettuce and sharp bite of the purple onion. Even the distinction between the toasted surface of the bun and the soft inside seems more pronounced.
That night, when Cas calls, Dean doesn’t even bother answering. He sees the notification of a voicemail and shuts off his phone.
Dean spends the next week or so doubling down on keeping to himself and finishing the house. The sooner it’s done, the sooner he can get back to Sioux Falls and start his real life up again. He’ll go back to his job at the garage and he’ll find himself a shitty apartment so that he can finally be out of Bobby’s hair. If nothing else, this trip has left him with an entirely new appreciation for Sioux Falls and the freedom it allows for him to live anonymously. He’s seen again and again how letting people get too close invariably backfires. It’s a lesson he should’ve learned the moment his mom was ripped away from him when he was four years old. And if not then, from the way his dad was gone, buried in his own grief, alive but far from present. Dean poured his heart and soul into Sam, and he’ll always have the pride in that job well done, but it led to yet another inevitable parting. People don’t stay, at least not with him.
“I’ll buy that,” Dean says. Henry uses the opportunity to put his uneaten apple slice down to high five his uncle. “Just eat the dumb apple already. Next time you come over we’ll make an apple pie and watch your father’s head explode.” Dean affects a high pitched voice. “Is it dessert? Is it
Maybe if it called itself a bar, he’d have a harder time walking in by himself, but this one touts itself as a “public house” and something about that makes it more approachable. The minute he pulls open the front door, though, he’s met with a wall of sound so loud that he almost pivots on his heel back to the sidewalk. People laughing loudly, nearly shouting over the music to be heard. It’s crowded and hot and he has to force himself to keep putting one foot in front of the other, moving forward until he gets to the bar. He happens to get there just as a small group is moving and is able to snag a barstool. Then he feels guilty for taking up a stool when he’s just one person alone. Maybe he should get up so that a group can sit together, but doesn’t he have every right to sit there? To give himself something to do, he picks up the drink menu and stares at it, trying to absorb the information there even as his brain begins to spin. This was a bad idea. Why is he here making himself miserable? To prove some point to his parents? Before he can find the strength to walk back out again, certain that everyone would point and stare if he got up, the bartender approaches him. He’s handsome and quick with a smile as he slides a paper coaster in front of Cas and asks what he’d like. Finding his voice, Cas asks for a beer but his victory is short-lived when the bartender asks him what kind.
That means another few weeks or so of waiting for their custom order to be crafted and mailed. (“Friggin’ pony express,” Dean grumbles). During this time, Cas whole-heartedly embraces research mode. In the evenings when Cas can take a break from studying, they spend time visiting sites to read up on all sorts of practices. Anything they’re both into gets a thorough online investigation, and there are a number of things they rule out immediately (“I have no interest in having you kneel, Dean.” “No way in hell am I calling you ‘Sir’.”). They start a folder labeled Maybe for things one or the other of them isn’t ready to take off the table.
“You tell me to talk about it but you should see your faces right now. It’s pretty fucking clear to me that you don’t really want to know.”
Other kids who had divorced parents had shared custody, bedrooms at each parent’s house. They had fathers who would take them on fancy vacations during school breaks, trying to cram in enough special memories to make up for the times they were apart the rest of the year: ski trips, attending luaus in Hawaii, a week at Disneyworld. For most of the kids Cas knew, divorce seemed to come with a whole slew of benefits. But for Cas and Anna, they only had their mother. Strong and steady, she was always a realist, but honest and open and loving. The three of them formed their own little family, pulling together to get by. It was enough.
Bouncing on the balls of his feet, Henry turns to them. “Uncle Cas, Uncle Dean, do you wanna come get ice cream with us?”
Cas turns and moves closer to her, crouching down but giving her plenty of space. He’s murmuring softly but Dean can still make it out. “Hey, sweet girl, I’m sorry about that. That was awfully loud, wasn’t it? But your friend Dean came and helped turn it off, wasn’t that nice?” As Dean watches, the cat creeps closer, nosing at Cas’s outstretched hand, posture relaxing until Cas can safely pick her up. He holds her up against his shoulder like a baby and pats her back.
“Of course you are.” Naomi’s voice is no-nonsense as she pulls him into a hug. “Probably hungry, too.”
Cas raises an eyebrow at that. “I’d say.” He rolls away for a moment to switch off the bedside light before reaching for Dean again.
Distracted by having Dean’s full attention, he hesitated, appreciating anew those gold flecks in his green eyes. “She, uh, had her follow up appointment yesterday. Vet says she’s doing great.”
. Maybe that’s why he still has it in him to be annoyed when he notes that when the police car finally arrives, it doesn’t even have its lights on. Not like he expected Cas to come roaring in with sirens screaming, but a little respect for his crime scene would’ve been nice.
It takes all of his effort, but he makes his shaky legs step across the threshold. Just as he does, Sam comes thundering down the steps. He looks at Henry who has his face pressed into his mother’s side. “Is he okay?” he asks Eileen, resting a hand gently on the top of his son’s head.
He starts to say he’s fine, instinct to deflect automatically kicking in, but, sitting in the familiar kitchen, he fits his hands to the warm, soothing heat of the mug and says, “I haven’t been sleeping great.”
The ridiculousness of the situation strikes him and, as much as he wants to turn and give Cas a dirty look, it’s thrilling to have this happening between them. Yeah, ok, it’s a little fucked up and this might not be the way every couple supports each other, but for them, it works. Dean’s concentrating so hard on walking normally up the few steps to the raised platform serving as a stage that he forgets to be worried about all those eyes on him. By the time he’s seated on the stage, the applause dies down and Cas has taken mercy on him again.
but it’s followed by the wet, slick sound of skin on skin and even a few soft moans that carry over to the bed.
“I’m ignoring you,” Cas says which completely negates any ignoring he may or may not be doing.  “And my mother says hello.”
In the morning, Dean can’t avoid things any longer. When he comes downstairs, Cas silently watches him walk across the living room.
Balthazar turns toward him. “I’m friendly with one of his cousins.” Cas lifts both eyebrows, duly impressed. “She says he’s a terrible human, but his films make a lot of money, so…” he shrugs easily.
Cas can see something is off the minute Dean gets home from work. He drops his bag with a heavy thud by the front door and barely grunts a greeting to Cas, instead of crossing the room to where he sits at the table for his usual kiss hello.
She smiles indulgently at him, her eyes lighting up, and he swallows and smiles back, happy to see it. He gets another large bite onto his fork and has just gotten the warm apple filling into his mouth when she says, “I look forward to one day teaching someone to make this for you.”
Anna opens her mouth to say more, but apparently Naomi has decided it’s time to come to her son’s rescue. “I’m glad you’ve found a place that works for you, honey. And if you’ve met some nice people at the same time, that’s even better.”
Cas named her Marmalade, but Gabe sang the song at her every single day until her name evolved to include
He didn’t have to say more. Cas had had his share of furtive, hasty encounters, some more ill-advised than others. There were always places men could get what they wanted without really having to ask for it. At least Cas didn’t have to worry about this particular form of regret in the morning.
Jody’s voice retains her professional cool. “Are you saying he had her grave dug up?” Dean almost forgot she was there and he looks over to find her sitting on the floor as well, a respectful distance away.
“Good afternoon,” he says, and already that’s wrong. Nobody says that. In his head, words churn about. Anything but the weather. C’mon. You can do this.
He kisses Dean’s other palm and places it on his chest and Dean knows roll and pinch his own nipples as Cas teases the head of his cock.
Dean can barely look at the Impala, the shame of what he’s done to her dragging him down like a physical weight. “It’s not a pretty sight.”
“You ready for pie?” Ella asks with one hand on the clear plastic dome that’s currently covering the deep-dish bourbon pecan.
Kathryn goes to the computer and pulls up an image, explaining that it’s the x-ray. She points to something in the center. “Okay, this confirms what I thought. You see here? Where it looks almost pleated?” Cas nods but he’s really not sure what he’s looking at, only that that particular spot looks much different than the surrounding areas. “This is the obstruction and the gut has sort of folded itself around it. In most cases all we need to do is go in there and remove it and that solves the problem.”
“There you are. Thought maybe you were expecting an engraved invitation.” She leaps up onto her chair while he retrieves the bowl. "I would've heated it up but I thought you had other plans." As soon as he sets the bowl in front of her, she grabs the chicken. “Whoa, take it easy, there’s no rush.” She wolfs it down so quickly that Dean wonders if it’s even possible to do the Heimlich maneuver on a cat. Next time he’ll cut it into smaller pieces first. Still chewing, she leaps off the chair and darts out the door again. “You’re welcome,” he calls after her, but he’s a little unsettled. Usually she comes and hangs out, sitting at the table with him and then finding a comfy place to nap until he picks up his keys. Dean sometimes finds himself filling her in on the news headlines or reading her texts from his mother. She always listens, her big solemn eyes hardly ever blinking.
There’s a soft ping as the register door opens and Charlie pulls out some cash. Benny takes it, pretending to count it thoroughly, even taking time to lick the tip of his finger as he goes through each bill. With a huff of mock disgust, Dean reaches across the counter and yanks whatever it is Benny has tucked under his arm.
In the car, Mary gushes over what a nice meal it was. “And who knew I’d like fried squid? Between this and the fancy wine, maybe I’m becoming sophisticated in my old age.”
Dean sits on the bed while Cas buckles on the collar.  He stops to admire it, running his hands along Dean’s shoulders and down his arms.  Dean looks up at him through his lashes.   Cas laughs.
Dean figured Cas had contacted him because he had no other choice. He sure as hell wasn’t expecting to see him.
“I didn’t realize you were inside,” Cas says, trying to explain even as his brain starts to churn over how he should’ve thought to check. The evening hasn’t even started and he’s already doing things wrong.
“I mean, I know we don’t see him a ton even in Kansas, but at least I knew I could get there if I had to.” He sighs. “Everything is changing.”
“Exactly. Now, the truth of the matter is that as you get more comfortable with me and feel safer here, you might remember more. And if that happens, we’ll use our tools to deal with it.”
The brightly lit entry is like a beacon of hope and Cas strides towards the door as quickly as he can, doing his best not to jostle her carrier. After settling down for the car ride, she’s started crying again and each sad sound tears at his heart. Antsy, he waits as the receptionist finishes up a transaction with another client, a woman with a large golden retriever on a leash. It’s wearing a cone and Cas can see part of its back leg has been shaved. The receptionist turns to him with kind eyes. “I’ll be right with you.”
But either she can’t hear him or she doesn’t care, because she just smiles and nods in an agreeable manner. Dean sighs and gets up to go to the bathroom, the quiet there highlighting the beginnings of the headache he’s sprouting. He goes back out into the clamoring press of bodies to find his brother, who is flashing his dimples at their server as she brings another pitcher and some nachos.
So when he starts to get antsy, spending too much time wondering how the fuck he’s supposed to be a good husband when he’s never had anybody to show him what that even looks like, he knows how to get himself past it. He and Cas make plans to get out the collar for the first time in a while, and that’s enough to have him immediately feeling better. Maybe it’s just some messed up version of a placebo effect, but that small bit of anticipation thrums through him all day, giving that unreliable part of his brain something with which to busy itself.
But apparently falling asleep in the sweetest of ways doesn’t make a difference to Dean’s fucked up brain. He’s incapable of having nice things. It almost feels like everything good that happens has to be balanced with a slap in the face. A reality check to keep Dean in his place.
Dean shakes his head. “I’m gonna sleep it off.” He gets into his side of the bed, wishing the lamp was on so he could switch it off dramatically.
At work, he keeps one eye on the door to see if Cas will show up, finds himself glancing over towards Cas’s regular table even though he knows he’s not there. It’s not like he’s completely distracted but when he has a few quiet moments to think, he starts to worry. The changes in routine have been small and, examined one at a time, none of them are enough to raise an alarm, but he can't shake the feeling that something is off. He sort of wants to bring it up, but it's not like he can say to Rowena and Jack
“You should audition, Dean. They always need more boys.” Cas knew he’d never say yes, but he couldn’t resist the selfish thought of having Dean there every day after school with him.
Yesterday he’d arrived at the test kitchen and grinned at the set up. Box upon box of candy canes sat piled on the table. Everything from the minis that came in strips to medium-sized ones that could be hooked over Christmas tree branches to giant oversized candy sticks. A variety of flavors were represented, with plenty of traditional peppermint, but also things like green apple, grape, cherry, and cinnamon. Cas spotted a package claiming to be Starburst flavored and gave the camera a knowing look before sliding that one farther away.
He doesn’t register Cas coming back into the room, doesn’t understand that he’s crouched in the corner of the room, his back to the wall, curled up with his knees to his chest. All he knows is that he isn’t safe.
Cas is limiting them to one drink an hour so he waits for the go-ahead before going to get a beer. The bartender pours it into a chilled glass so he doesn’t even have a label to fuss with but that’s ok because the time has come for them to take their seats for dinner. The nominees and their plus ones are all seated at the same table near the stage and Dean finds himself answering some questions about his program and even exchanging contact information with a woman who knows some kids who might be good candidates. The others all seem to have business cards to pass around, but Dean has to borrow a pen to write his email down on the back of one. He starts to slump in his seat a little but Cas catches his eye and deliberately slides his hand into his pocket. Dean jumps a little at the sensation, but it’s enough to put him back on his game.
There are no messages this morning, but he hasn’t expected any since it seems to be understood that their next interaction will happen in person. Taking one last look in the mirror, he sighs, deciding this is as good as it’s going to get. Grabbing his sign, he heads out. So focused on himself, he hasn’t been paying attention to the sounds coming from the apartment upstairs, but sure enough, when the elevator opens, there’s Dean. His sign has been completed, Cas notes at once, the words Save the Drake bold and clear. It’s not like he anticipated anything different, but still Cas registers a little hint of disappointment at seeing it.
Cas’s face is very close and his eyes are very blue. “Uh,” Dean says. “So, how ‘bout that weather? Think it’s gonna rain?”
“How do I do that when he won’t talk to me?” Cas looks to Anna to back him up on this, but to his surprise, she’s looking at Naomi and nodding her head slowly.
“No,” Cas said, clearly baffled. “I just ate them? I mean, sometimes I used one to stir hot chocolate.”
Dean had a list a mile long of the reasons, one that kept rotating and expanding in his mind over the past few days. With Cas here, though, and the touch of his hand, he’s having a hard time remembering any of them. “It’s just...this stuff we do. It’s messed up.
For reasons he can’t quite articulate, this has become a bright spot in his mornings. He’d been honest when he told Cas he hadn’t fed her, but now that he knows she’s coming specifically to see
But much of the time, they settled in their respective perches in the shady oak tree, talking and watching the neighborhood. Not much traffic went by, but one day a city truck rolled slowly along the dirt road, spraying oil to keep the dust down, leaving the air permeated by the smell of warm petroleum. They each claimed one of the branched trunks as their own “house” and created routes to climb up and down. Cas was the more adventurous climber and his house had three stories, the top on a branch so slim and tremulous that Dean could barely look when Cas stood on it. Cas couldn’t resist bouncing a little as he stood there because he knew it made Dean sputter. Dean’s house had four rooms, all positioned on branches that left him within easy grabbing reach of the main trunk. They each had a “bathroom” branch where they stood, back to the other boy, and peed onto the grass below. Mary put a stop to that one afternoon when she showed up unexpectedly with snacks and juice boxes to put in the bucket that hung down from a rope for just such a purpose.
Jesus, it was going to be midnight before they escaped his parents. Cas stepped forward and tugged at Dean’s arm. “Upstairs.”
“Yeah, I know, but I had a ton of leftovers. Besides, you think I don’t see how you drink your weight in coffee and don’t eat anything?” Cas opens his mouth to argue, but Dean isn’t done. “Donuts don’t count. Neither do those sad granola bars you dig out of your bag.”
He hears some clicking on a keyboard in the background. “Luckily, I do have some openings in my schedule for this week or next week, if you can make that work.”
“Why would I when the Pad Thai is right there?” The doors close just as he says it, but Dean’s gratified by the small smile that he sees on Cas’s face first. Maybe next time he’ll try the curry.
He steps into the jeans, adjusting himself a couple of times so that he can fasten them, then pulls the t-shirt over his head.
“No. I mean. Well, kind of, I guess? I know some are like different colors.” He realizes how ridiculous that sounds even to his own ears.
No doubt Dean’s forgotten all about that conversation a few weeks later when he comes back from their P.O. Box and tosses a small package Cas’s way.
To Dean’s left, a reporter who has been filming with her phone, turns to him. “Was he speaking directly to you?” His knees have gone weak and Dean finds he’s holding tight to the back of the chair in front of him. All he can do is nod. “Why? Who are you? What do you have to do with this?”
“Take these,” Naomi said when he came back down dressed and ready to join them, and she handed him two blueberry muffins.
Henry smiles. His adult front teeth are starting to look less out of place, a recent growth spurt making everything seem more balanced. “Maybe you’ll like it.”
“No, it’s fine.” Benny looks like he wants to say something else, but Dean gestures at his computer. “I need to get back to it.”
Smiling, Cas stands so that he can work the robe off his shoulders, tossing it to the bathroom floor. He means to resume his place near Dean, but Dean moves to his knees, a little water sloshing over the edge of the tub as he does. He reaches for Cas, grabbing him by the hip to reel him forward and, In an instant, Dean has Cas’s cock in his mouth. Cas threads his hands through Dean’s hair and can’t stop the moan that escapes as Dean licks and sucks, greedily trying to take him in. It’s apparently not enough for Dean, so he moves his hands to Cas’s ass to pull him even closer, and Cas obliges, shifting so that his legs are braced against the tub. Cas knows what Dean can take and he begins to fuck his mouth, moving his hips as much as he dares considering the floor is now a bit wet. Fingertips digging into Cas’s skin, Dean begins the sweet little moans he always makes when his mouth is filled with cock.
“I was four,” Dean says, but he’s smiling full on now. “I didn’t know any better. I just wanted her to have something pretty.”
“And it seemed like everyone had that same thought you did, worrying about what was gonna happen next, but the only thing that kept going through my head was ‘I’m glad my mom didn’t have to see this.’” Cas made a soft sound and they sat in silence for a bit before Dean started up again. “My dad actually got ahold of Sam that day. Said he just wanted to check in. Sam knew better than to give him my number but…I guess the fiery end of the world was what it took for him to call.”
There it is. In the light of day, Dean can see the slight flush that colors his cheeks, even as he presses his lips together in a disapproving line. Before he can respond, a little girl comes riding up the sidewalk on a bike fitted with training wheels. Purple streamers adorning the handlebars match the bright purple of her helmet. “Officer Novak!”
“You do that,” Cas says. “And call me whenever you need.” He presses a soft kiss to Dean’s forehead. “I’m proud of you.”
They walk mostly in silence, but it’s comfortable. Cas has left his trench coat unbuttoned and as he walks it billows a bit in a way that’s strangely impressive. It adds an air of confidence to him that seemed to be lacking when he sat inside.
“Hey,” she says, her eyes shining with kindness. He didn’t realize he was expecting a look of pity until he got this instead.
The pride in her voice was genuine and Cas found himself smiling, before the weight of all he’d learned settled back on top of him. “It doesn’t seem right that his mom barely lived to see it.”
Cas has transformed his living room. String lights hang over the glass door, adding tiny sparkling lights to the city view. The coffee table has been pushed to one side and a variety of candles in different shapes and sizes are grouped around a large vase of flowers. They flicker softly, casting a gentle light. On the floor in front of the couch a large, soft-looking blanket has been spread, with a variety of throw pillows tossed down onto it. An ice bucket with a bottle of champagne sits in one corner of the blanket.
It took Cas three more days to tell his parents about the dance. Part of him knew he could come clean to his parents. They had always been tolerant and accepting, his dad even laughingly referred to their place of worship as the “church of we love everybody.” Even if he hadn’t learned from that, their response after John’s tirade that night years ago was enough to solidify it. Nonetheless, as much as he hated keeping the secret, putting it out there for his parents to deal with felt even worse. He’d managed to keep it hidden this long and, when he saw how happy his mother was at the news that he and Charlie were going to the dance together, he felt sure he’d made the right decision. Besides, even if he hadn’t told them the truth, he was no longer keeping it to himself because now he had Charlie to talk to. Even better, as word got around the school that they were dating, Cas found that the name-calling dropped off. It had been going on for so long that Cas hadn’t realized how much he’d braced himself against it in the school hallways and bathrooms until it died down. He should’ve felt bad when Gabe and his crew found another awkward boy to torment, but the truth of the matter was he was relieved to be out of their crosshairs.
Dean taps his fingers on the steering wheel. “I—she said even life changes that are good can bring some stress?”
Before he even sits, Dean is handing him something wrapped in foil. “Made meatloaf last night and turned some into sandwiches.”
Cas continues to pat the cat. She relaxes into something resembling a limp noodle. “So you don’t believe in romance.” There’s a bit of an edge to his voice. Maybe the cat’s digging her claws into his shoulder.
“He should pay for what he did.” Dean’s voice cracks a little with emotion. “What he still might be doing to somebody else.”
“Sometimes people think big problems require big solutions. Now, I’m not trying to downplay anything you’ve experienced, but it turns out that often—regardless of the source of the trauma—the response shows itself in really predictable ways.” She holds up fingers as she lists them. “Panic attacks, anxiety, depression, flashbacks, dissociation. To process the trauma, you need to feel safe. Dealing with these symptoms is the first step in doing that.”
“If I’d had to live with it all along… “ he trails off. “If I’d had to live with it, with the pain so raw and fresh, with my own family so battered and torn, I doubt I would have survived that. Even
I'm doing my part to make these difficult days a little bit easier, so if you would like to send me a Porndemic Prompt, you can DM me
There’s no real reason to think she isn’t, but he’s relieved to find that she’s breathing normally. “Hey, sweetheart, what’s up? You having a lazy day?” He rests a hand on her back and she opens her eyes briefly, lifting her head to look at him before going back to sleep. “Huh.”
Dean puts everything back in the refrigerator, salvaging what he can for the freezer and pitching the rest. He rinses out the empty whiskey bottle and puts it in the recycling bin. Still Cas doesn’t return. Dean waits, wiping off the counters and then drinking a big glass of water.
There’s no response and Dean worries he shouldn’t have made a fairy joke. He doesn’t think Cas would be offended by that but he hurries to add:
Easing himself down onto his back, Cas stretches out. He reaches for Dean’s hand and laces their fingers together, then tucks it against his stomach. Dean uses his free hand to smooth through Cas’s hair, stroking gently again and again until Cas falls asleep.
Cas pictured Dean in a leather jacket, cutting class to smoke cigarettes under the bleachers. “Bad boy, huh?”
“With Sammy gone…” Dean blinks a few times, then tries again. “Now that it’s just me and my dad, I see it. You were right. I’ve been living for everyone else. There’s nothing here for me anymore.”
He waits until Dean is behind the counter before packing up to leave. “Thanks,” he says, as he tugs his bag onto his shoulder.
Dean shoves his phone back in his pocket. “Maybe I need to make two pies now, too,” he says bitterly. Actually, that’s not the worst idea he’s ever had, especially if he wants to guarantee leftovers. There’s a cherry pie recipe he’s had his eye on so maybe this is as good a time as any to try it.
“If there was a burned body in the woods, odds are it eventually became police record. If we can match up a death to the time you remember this, that can act as proof.”
“You take the collar off me so quickly.  It’s like you want to sweep the whole thing under the rug as soon as we’re done.  Like you can’t wait to have it over with.”
Last time he was in town, there was chatter about a storm moving in. Since his phone is in his hand, he checks the weather app and, sure enough, they’re expecting a decent-sized snowfall starting later in the day.
He doesn’t realize he’s nearly panting, breath coming in ragged gasps, as black spots dance before his eyes.
The customer, a middle-aged woman, has finished having her car checked in and she’s poured herself a cup of coffee. “Fancy,” she says as she chooses a place to sit. “Writer-in-residence, huh? That’s you?”
Cas smiles, flicking the little holder of Winchester & Son business cards with the tip of his finger. “You’d know a little something about that.”
“You of all people should know I would never expect a woman to wait on me,” Dean counters. It’s been from watching Bobby and Ellen over the years that Dean learned how to treat a woman right.
Cas kept his eyes forward as he walked, sure that everyone in the place was staring at him. He locked himself in the bathroom and resisted the urge to bang his head against the door. He never should have come here but there wasn’t even a window he could climb out of to escape. So he peed and washed his hands and splashed cold water on his face until the tears stopped prickling at his eyes. He could see that he looked pale and exhausted, unshaven and overdue for a haircut. No wonder he’d been approached in the parking lot. He had the creeper look down to a tee. An almost hysterical laugh bubbled out of him and he dried his hands one last time before sighing and unlocking the door. Dean and the other man were conferring in low tones, but Dean stepped away abruptly when he caught sight of Cas. He picked up a mug and carried it over to a booth in front of the window.
With his arms full, he kicks the Impala’s door shut. On the porch he stands, perplexed, before carefully angling forward to jab at the doorbell with his elbow. His mother opens the door and hurries to relieve him of one of the pies. “Two?”
“All I need is someone slamming a suitcase on top of them. Besides--” he held out his baggie of pre-cut ribbons, “I need to finish them.”
“I just want you to be happy. If it’s with me, then great. But if it isn’t…” Cas squares his shoulders before he continues. “You deserve every good thing there is.”
Cas arrived with a small suitcase and a bag of snacks. “The store was nuts,” he said. “Wall to wall people.”
“You don’t owe her anything,” Cas says firmly. “I know that she’d be coming as a friend, not to pry.”
“It means I’ll be gone soon.” He tried to say it bitterly, but he found himself sagging against Dean, the warmth of him welcome despite the humid summer night.
Dean should shut his dumb mouth but now that this is finally happening he can’t seem to stop himself. “Hopefully you won’t demand to know my favorite type of pie during a scene.”
“Exactly. These actions are basic and straightforward. The whole idea behind them is to help ground you by taking part in activities where you interact with the world around you. So you’ll see they tend to involve using your five senses.”
“I took Sam those nights because he told me he needed your help. I was so pleased he’d managed to hold a steady job for once—a good job—keeping a roof over your head and food on the table. And having you boys close-by where I could keep an eye on you.” Bobby shakes his head, lips thinned as he presses them together, like he’s trying to stop more words from coming out. His hand curls into a fist and he bangs it on the table hard enough that Dean startles and has to steady his mug. “He made me an accomplice.”
Maybe it’s genetic, Dean thinks, his head leaning against the cool glass of the window. Like alcoholism. Dean remembers his father drinking, much of the time angry and violent, but sometimes he would turn morose, weeping and apologizing and trying to hug Dean. Maybe, like the drinking he sure as fuck tried to instill in Dean at an early age, Dean would’ve turned out to be as fucked up as his own father. Someone who knowingly let a kid get hurt in the worst possible way. He remembers how worried he was when he tentatively let Cas know he didn’t want to have kids. Cas is probably thanking his lucky stars now.
Then he resumes his mission, this time with wet, smacking sounds that have Dean’s toes curling. When he thrusts his tongue deeper, his smooth, freshly-shaven face drags along Dean’s sensitive skin. He continues, the spit dripping along Dean’s crack from Cas’s incessant wet teasing until Dean’s grinding the tie in his teeth to choke back pleas that are dangerously close to sobs. The sensation is so sustained and focused on this one part of his body that it’s overwhelming him. It’s too much and it’s not enough and Dean doesn’t know if he wants Cas to give him more or back off completely and he’s losing the ability to know what he wants and just as he thinks maybe he should ring the bell before he breaks completely, Cas shoves two lubed fingers into him. Dean grunts with surprise at the welcome intrusion, and tries to grind down on Cas’s hand as best he can while chanting his gratitude nonsensically through the soaked tie.
Dean’s pissed enough to push Cas off of him and he would if his limbs weren’t stiff from the restraints.  Cas uses this to his advantage and stretches out on top of Dean, one hand on either side of his face.
Dean makes short work of his boots and unnecessary jacket, then approaches Lady Marmalade where she sleeps on the couch. He reaches over to stroke a hand gently along her back. “Hey, sweetheart. You feeling better?”
“It’s nice and warm,” Dean says, tucking the ends into his jacket.  “And Cas says the green brings out my eyes.”
He does his best not to think about Cas, but it’s nearly impossible to shake the image of his anguished face, so hurt and confused as Dean took off. It’s right, though, Dean thinks. It’s time Cas realized that the man he married, the one he thinks he loves, is someone he doesn’t know at all. Every single thing he thought he knew about Dean has been a lie. Dean wonders if their marriage certificate counts as a receipt of sorts, something Cas can return to the courthouse to get his life back or whatever.
We changed the clocks here last night. Did you change where you are? Do you hate it with the passion of a thousand fiery suns?
, he thinks with disdain, and it’s all he can do not to scoff. She’s sitting comfortably in her office trying to get rid of him.
“I mean it had been all three of us for so long, and then it was like the two of you had each other.”
Cas spends the rest of the evening feeling vaguely off-balanced. This is why he keeps to himself. He likes the people in his life, few as they may be. At work sometimes he gets invited to social events, bowling nights or potlucks or whatever. He’s said no, thank you enough times that he’s sure there are plenty of invites that never end up in his inbox and he’s okay with that. He doesn’t know what his co-workers think about him, and mostly he doesn’t care. It’s a job that keeps him challenged and pays his bills. Maybe he’s wrong to consider the other humans who do the work alongside him as afterthoughts, but they tax him in a way the lines of figures on a spreadsheet never do. It’s exhausting to have to pretend to care about whatever office gossip is going around or whatever inane television show they’re all watching. They don’t know he’s gay and there’s no reason they should. It’s easier to fly under their radar by not giving them enough information to make assumptions.
“But, Cas…” he feels his stomach sink, the coffee souring. They’ve worked so hard for this, saved for so long. Now he’s going to piss away their savings and leave them right back where they started. “Maybe I could find somebody cheaper.”
Of course, Dean thinks, and he slowly and reluctantly opens his hands.  Too slowly, apparently, because he feels the flick of Cas’s finger on the back of his thigh.  It doesn’t hurt, but it’s enough to jar him into action.  He rests his forehead on the comforter and clasps his wrist behind his back.  Once he does, Cas puts both hands on his ass, pulling it apart to drag a thumb over his hole.  Dean holds in a gasp as he hears the click of the lube bottle opening.  Where did that even come from?  Dean never heard the drawer open.  Did Cas have it in his pocket all along?  His train of thought comes to a screeching halt as Cas drizzles lube down the cleft of his ass, one finger following the cold liquid all the way down across his hole to the underside of his balls.   Torturously slowly, he drags his finger back up again, pressing ever so slightly at his entrance before gliding back up.  Slowly and methodically he runs his finger up and down, up and down, shortening the distance each time until he’s only running it over Dean’s hole, catching the rim each time.  Adding more lube, he works in slow circles, dipping in, then pulling back.  Dean presses his forehead into the bed, moaning.  The comforter is bunched up and he could grab it in his teeth to alleviate the burning frustration, a distraction from the ache building between his shoulders.   But he doesn’t.  Because if Cas thinks he can do this, then he can.  A shudder runs through him, but he stays still and Cas rewards him by resting a palm on the small of his back while he pushes one finger all the way inside.
His thoughts are interrupted by a text from Cas. Eagerly he opens it to find a picture of a flowering bush.
Cas closes his book and sets it on the night table before turning to face Dean, “You want me to leave them on?”
At that, Charlie tossed back her head and laughed. “Our parents had to know, right? I mean we never wanted to go out on dates or anything. There’s no way they didn’t know.  We were only a couple when it was convenient.”
“Jesus, you’re just the master of the fucking obvious, huh? Look, it was one thing when I was ten. I was just a kid. But almost fifteen? And I just let it keep happening?” He swallows down the bile rising in his throat. Maybe he liked it. Maybe that’s why he ended up with a husband and not a wife.
They drive the short distance to the Amtrak station and park in the lot.  A cold January wind is blowing as they walk inside, arriving with fifteen minutes to kill before the train pulls in from Illinois.  Dean finds two free seats and drops into one, but Cas stands right in his periphery, his hands shoved into his pockets.  Dean reaches up and tugs on his sleeve.  “Dude, sit down.  You’re making me crazy.”
“First off, do you think I--of all people--would somehow judge you on that? And yeah, you’ve never told me you’re into guys, but you didn’t really have to. I’ve seen the way you look at them sometimes.”
“It’s so very nice to meet you,” she says, one hand going to her hair. “I’m Corinne. We don’t get a lot of new people around here.”
It’s already dark when he comes home after driving the thirty minutes to an actual city big enough to get some supplies and have his choice of places for dinner. At first glance, everything seems just as he’s left it, but as he parks, something out of place catches his eye. The trash can has been knocked over and the bag lies ripped open on the grass. He’s yet to see any raccoons in the area, but having to gather up scattered garbage in the dark is enough to motivate him to prevent this from happening again. Maybe weighing the lid down will do the trick, so he makes his way to the outbuilding to see what he can find.
Cas makes a choked off sound and Dean’s eyes fly open in time to see him toss his head back, the long line of his throat enticingly exposed as he comes. Dean watches, entranced, as the pulses coat his shirt and even the underside of his chin.
“It’s fine. It’s... whatever.” It’s a job in his field. It doesn’t exactly inspire him but it’s satisfying work that pays well enough. “My mom said you came and helped with the lights. Thank you for that.”
“I didn’t go back to work this afternoon,” Dean says like that explains everything. Cas pushes a hand through his hair and starts to sit down beside him but Dean hurries to his feet, gritting his teeth as he focuses on staying steady. “Let me clean this up.”
“What’s changed?” Anna knows him better than anyone. She was a life raft as he got through that first book, acting as constant cheerleader and occasional whip-cracker.
Dean takes a quick step backwards to avoid being run over as she pulls up between them and scrambles off the bike. “Check me!”
“Yeah,” Dean says, but it comes out a little rough. He bends to get the knife, grateful for the chance to hide both his blush and the stirrings lower down.
Cas stands with his hands behind his back and waits for Dean to settle in.  “Tonight we’re going to try something a little different,” he says and that right there is enough to make Dean’s mouth water.
“Hang on,” she says, as he’s pivoting to the door. “I get it. When magic happens, you want to recreate the circumstances as best you can.”
“It didn’t mean anything.” He hopes against hope that she’ll refute this claim because honestly, in that moment at least, it seemed like it meant something.
“No,” Cas hurries to assure her. “It’s working just fine. Smooth as butter.” He winces because what the fuck does that even mean? Stepping closer to the counter, he tries again. “I have sort of an odd request.”
Cas had spent so much time working toward his dream of leaving this town, but now every bit of excitement he felt was stained by the anguish of leaving Dean behind. They’d wasted so much time. They talked about that moment in the snowbank, how they could’ve been together like this for months and months.
Henry watches him for a long moment, then nods. “Once I had a dream my bed was full of spiders. I made my dad get up and look.”
They duck out a side door that takes them directly to the parking lot. “Uh,” Cas begins, wetting his lips. “Did you want to? Grab a beer?”
All it takes is Cas beside him for the bed to feel perfect, the pillows soft and the covers luxuriously warm. Lying together, Cas slots a leg between Dean’s, pulling him closer. Dean rubs Cas’s back, working to relieve the knots in his shoulders. Cas responds with wordless, happy sounds, and Dean can’t believe he ever doubted this man. As if he could read Dean’s mind, Cas pulls away just enough to kiss Dean. “I missed you.”
Dean pulls the Impala behind the building and they go in through the back door. Charlie, her arms full, grins at them. “There’s the man of the hour.” Her expression changes as Cas swallows audibly, his face gone pale. “Or not. Who even are you? I don’t know. Nobody cares.”
“Bullshit,” Dean says, warming to his argument. “I get it. I get people want to believe in love and romance and all that nonsense, but it’s a racket.”
They sit in silence for a moment. “So one minute I’m there, experiencing all of it and then the next it’s just… gone.”
“Well, yes,” Cas begins, then stops. “I mean when you put it that way… ” Dean had been honest about his past experiences and his often negative associations with schools growing up. But instead of saying no, he’d agreed to come and seemed to have no regrets, even staying to watch the show. Those things aren’t for Cas to share with Anna, but her point comes through loud and clear. “
Nodding in her direction, Dean tries not to grimace around the first swallow. It’s hot at least. He goes to pull a cart from the corral right inside the door but the end one resists until he yanks on it, and then it releases suddenly, sloshing coffee onto his hand and shirt in the process. He wipes his hand on his now-wet shirt then begins steering the cart around the store, tossing things in without too much thought. He doesn’t plan on being here long, maybe a few weeks? A month at most? Long enough to come to a consensus on what Bobby wants to do and put those plans in motion. Rufus had spoken highly of the hunting and fishing in the area, enough to intrigue Bobby into possibly hanging on to the house for himself, or maybe turning it into a rental. From what Dean’s seen so far, though, he’ll be better off trying to unload it and leave the repairs for somebody else. A fixer-upper, they’ll call it in the real estate listing.
As he spins with her in a slow circle, he sees movement again, from the same direction Lady Marmalade appeared. Cas stands in the doorway of their bedroom, gazing fondly at the two of them.
“Good news,” Cas says, with a lift of an eyebrow. “No traffic to worry about.” He steps back from the door to let Dean in. A few steps into the apartment, Dean stops, eyes wide.
He does a lot of sitting in front of his manuscript but very little actual writing. Long stretches of time are lost staring into space, which he only realizes when he startles at a knock on his door. He hurries to his feet, brain immediately latching on to the idea that maybe it’s Dean coming to say he didn’t mean it.
At that, Dean smiles. “I was happy to. She’s a nice lady and she sent me home with a giant plate of cookies.”
Dean presses a kiss to just below his ear. “You must be exhausted. Wanna go lie down? Or did you want to go home?”
Still, he can tell Cas is holding back, moving things along more slowly than usual. Every time they have sex these days (and Dean notes again that even though Cas instigated things when they got into bed, it’s only because Dean brought it up this morning) it’s like he’s making sure Dean knows he always has an out. It’s the opposite of what Dean needs right now and he takes the lead, reaching between Cas’s legs. In response, Cas moans into Dean’s mouth and Dean nearly has to stop kissing him to smile.
“Wow, that’s a big deal.” Other than spending nights at his uncles’ house and a handful of sleepovers with friends over the years, Dean knows Henry hasn’t been away from home for any length of time. “Anybody else you know going?”
Cas peers in his eyes, and Dean still feels something in his chest flutter a little bit when Cas’s entire focus is on him. “I wouldn’t advise that. You seem to be in a delicate enough state as it is.” Dean rolls his eyes but honestly Cas is right. One quick move and he’ll be in traction next. “When’s your appointment?”
Dean’s eyes widened and he crossed to Cas and put a hand on his shoulder. “I’m so sorry. Come in, let me get you something to drink.”
the support and love of my family so many years later, it nearly killed me. The pain was so overwhelming. The horror of what you did to me. The unrelenting panic that came with every broken night of sleep and every waking nightmare of a day. Even with all of these people to help me, it still nearly killed me. But it didn’t.”
At that, Dean throws his arms in the air. “There’s nothing to be happy about. I’m going to help out at his mother’s school tonight. That’s it. Now are you done interrogating me or can I go back to work?”
Dean had gone into it figuring he had nothing to lose. A buttoned-up finance expert slumming around with a mechanic? Even if the guy was dating Dean for the sole purpose of leaving his mother scandalized, Dean wasn’t about to say no to a good time. That decision was more than validated when Cas turned up for their first date in jeans and a form-fitting sweater. The broad shoulders, the muscled forearms, the thick, runner’s thighs...that baggy trench coat had been nothing less than a crime of fashion. Dean had prepared himself for a fling at best, never anticipating that half a year later he’d be spending most nights at Cas’s house. And as their commitment to each other strengthened, Dean felt comfortable suggesting they try something new...
“Oh, don’t start that shit with me,” Dean says. He’d been forced to eat sour cream and onion potato chips three game nights in a row until he threatened to “accidentally” throw his dice into the pond outside of Charlie’s apartment complex.
He showers and dresses quickly. He brushes his teeth then replaces his toothpaste and toothbrush in his toiletry bag where he can guarantee their relative cleanliness. In his enthusiasm to procure coffee, he forgets about the broken screen door and basically flings it against the wall when he opens it. As he walks toward the Impala, he spots the detached garage/outbuilding that’s behind the house. There’s a carport on the property, but he’d much rather have his Baby completely out of the elements. Once he gets some coffee in his system he’ll be able to sit down and start prioritizing a list.
“Okay, so,” she says, switching into professional mode, “You’re having some headaches? And flashes in your vision?”
“Be careful,” Cas warns, flipping the towel over his shoulder and grasping the back of the chair tightly.
“We can call it that if you like.” When Dean doesn’t respond, she asks, “Did you have occasion to use any of the techniques?”
“I…” He glanced away, then back at Dean. “I feel like I should feel worse.” Dean wasn't sure what to say to that, but he was saved when Cas's phone buzzed. “Charlie,” he said, smiling. “She wants to know if we’re drunk yet.”
At that, Dean knows he’s pushed his luck. Crowley’s face goes from bored observation to something harder and he approaches them, the second officer close behind. “Is there a problem here, boys?”
Dean tosses one arm around Rowena and the other around Jack. “But have you ever seen such attractive librarians?”
“That must’ve been...surprising,” Cas says. Personally, it’s his favorite thing, feeling the soft rumbling as her purring reverberates through him, but no doubt it’s a level of intimacy Dean wasn’t prepared for.
Dean can‘t seem to let his eyes settle on any one thing, and his heart is galloping in his chest. “Cas, do you even know what you’re saying here?”
From hearing them chatter, it appears the flowers are for a friend who will be performing a jump rope routine in the talent show. Purchase in hand, they skip off happily to find their seats.
As they approach the property line, Georgina spots them and comes over, her head down as she steps carefully through the snow. “You ok, girl? It’s too cold to be out here alone.” Dean crouches down to pet her. “Hey Cas, how are we going to get her to come with us?”
He was sealing the first batch of finished candy canes in cellophane when Dean ambled back over. “Hey! You did it!”
He wants to drive off, keep heading west until he runs out of road, drive until he can disappear. He wants to go find a bar and drink until he can stop thinking. Taking a deep breath, he tries to will his body to relax. He won’t do any of those things because tonight is Henry’s spring band concert and he won’t ruin that.
“It’s good,” Dean insists, looking back down at his own. “Also, it’s done which is more than I can say about mine. Hey, can I borrow those?”
“Last chance,” Crowley says. “You get out of here now or you’ll leave in my squad car. Won’t be the first time for you there, will it?”
Billie doesn’t appear to be dissuaded by his lack of response. “Sometimes fight or flight aren’t available options.” She gives Dean a moment to take that in. “If you can’t fight your way out of a situation or physically remove yourself from it, you may find yourself frozen in place no matter how much you don’t want to be there. Does that make sense?”
“I guess.” He runs a hand through his hair. “We saw another house later and I was fine until it was time to go see the detached garage. Then I had a full on panic attack. I didn’t know why at the time. At that point I still couldn’t understand the images I was seeing.”
“You didn’t have to,” she nearly squeals. “The fact that you’re even asking...and that thing with your face. It all makes sense. Who is it?”
It does make Cas wonder about those reviews he saw online. Since writing isn’t happening, he takes out his phone. Even though no one is close enough to see what he’s doing, he keeps it close to his chest as he pulls up the website. It’s been close to a year since any negative reviews were posted and Cas feels weirdly proud to know the business has been doing better. He wonders if that’s when Charlie got hired. Whatever has changed, the shop seems to be steadily busy and he sees enough customers get greeted by name to know that they are doing decent repeat business.
Dean slides the glasses into place and settles against the seat, ready for it to be tipped backwards. His heart begins to hammer again. We’ve got this, he tells himself. And then the doctor leans over him.
Dean nods.  Not merely wanting to choose a word at random, the task had been more difficult than he’d expected.  He wanted a word that held meaning for him while being something that would never come out of his mouth in the heat of the moment.
When his alarm goes off, Dean feels worse than ever, but he drags himself out of bed and heads to work. He’s done enough lying around feeling sorry for himself. He thinks about Cas getting ready for one of the biggest meetings of his life, and puts an end to his own pity party. At the very least, Dean knows how to be a supportive boyfriend. Mindful of time zones, he sends him a quick text when he gets to the garage.
As anxious as he was to get on the road, he felt uneasy at leaving his mother behind. She hadn’t said a single word to contribute to his guilt, hadn’t pressured him to stay longer, hadn’t questioned why he was taking this trip instead of returning to his apartment on campus. She and his father had been together for so many years. They’d spent two decades together before he was even born and the hole in her life had to be immeasurable. But Naomi Novak was never one to feel sorry for herself. She’d keep moving forward and while this new stage of her life was foreign and unclear, she’d take it one step at a time. He didn’t need to worry about her, but he saw the way she’d aged, how she seemed a bit frail, her once decisive movements sometimes tentative. It scared him to think of losing her, too.
“No need to apologize to me. The fact of the matter is, from what you’ve told me so far, you’ve managed to live a full and happy life despite all of this.” She held his gaze while she named them. “Successful career, loving marriage, strong family connections. What you’ve shown is an extreme amount of resilience.”
Cas kisses him. “Why, I bet she’ll miss you so much that she’ll come running as soon as you open the door tomorrow.”
Over the next few weeks, Dean discovers a number of things. One, Cas really likes seeing Dean on his knees. Two, Cas is a natural Dom, thoughtful, inventive, and kinky as hell. Lastly, Dean is having the best sex of his life. He’d given Cas a hard time about all that research and preparation, but if that’s what it took for them to embark on this adventure so flawlessly, he’s glad they did. Each scene leaves him feeling wrung out in all the best ways, and Cas is always there for him afterwards. Dean insists he doesn’t need so much, but Cas has made it more than clear that it’s something he himself needs, so whether it’s cold drinks or backrubs or long stretches of cuddling, Dean lets him fuss.
Still, Dean feels the need to tell him. “Actually, Cas bought some a few weeks ago and he gave me one because they were gonna go bad before he could use them all.”
To Sam’s everlasting chagrin, Dean has kept all of his hair, and it’s turned a stunning silver. The crinkles around his eyes have deepened, meeting the roadmap of lines that cross his face. His shoulders are stooped, his joints are stiff, and Cas thinks he’s never been more beautiful. After so many seemingly certain ends, so many years assuming Dean would die young and bloodied, the fact that he’s living out a full, lengthy life is an unparallelled blessing. Cas marvels at the gift of days that have unfolded into decades, granting them time he never dreamed they’d have together here on earth.
Dean manages to drag his gaze to Cas’s face for a moment. What is Cas even doing here? He shouldn’t be here. It’s not safe.
“Let’s head back to the car,” Cas says, and while his voice would generally soothe Dean, right now he doesn’t appreciate being spoken to like an unruly child.
Is this how you thought the confrontation would go? I wrote this scene back in November during nano so I've been itching to get it out there for y'all to read!
Cas starts to argue but he sees the twitch at the corner of Dean’s mouth. “Look if this party were going to be at a Chuck E. Cheese or something, I’d be a lot more comfortable.”
“Uncle Dean,” he whines, as Dean nearly drags him along the sidewalk. “Uncle Dean, we’re going the wrong way.”
He can hear the harsh tone of the intercom speaker and the driver’s voice as Cas cups a handful of his ass before taking out the plug and replacing it with two fingers.
These are not unreasonable questions, Dean thinks. When you relate a story about a friend these are the sorts of details you know. What are Dean’s choices here?
“I don’t mean to imply that you aren’t. You’ve got a good life but sometimes I feel guilty that all I did was
Dean flips through the newspaper on the table. “Any open houses worth checking out?” They’ve gotten so off track dealing with Dean’s shit, but he really is feeling better and it’s time to refocus their efforts.
and he may be drunk but not enough to think those words will do anything other than make things worse. He retrieves her coat and accompanies her downstairs, waiting in awkward silence with her until the driver pulls up.
“Me?” Dean feigns surprise. “Never. Oh alright,” he adds to Charlie’s raised eyebrows. “Maybe sometimes. But you have to admit brooding looks good on me.” He flashes her his best blue steel.
One good thing Dean got from his father was an early--and thorough--introduction to an engine. After years of dragging the boys around from one short-lived job to another, when Dean was ten and Sam was six, John miraculously snagged work at the local police department, helping to maintain their motorpool. His skill there was enough to have his co-workers asking to bring him their personal vehicles, which led to a thriving side business as he worked on cars from the detached garage behind their house. Dean began working as his father’s second in command from the time he was strong enough to tighten a bolt.
He jumps to his feet, apologizing and awkwardly holding out a paper napkin, torn between trying to help clean up the water and feeling pretty sure he shouldn't be reaching toward her lap. ”I’m so sorry.”
Dean opens the car door for her, waiting until she gets buckled before gently closing it. “How’s your birthday been?”
Cas smiles at him, and kisses him one more time, just a gentle press of lips. Dean bumps against him with his shoulder and, close enough for their arms to brush, they walk in Georgina’s direction. Dean feels a giddiness bubbling up inside him, blocking out the cold. He scoops up a handful of snow and when Cas turns back to see why he’s stopped, he lobs it directly at him, hitting him squarely in the chest. Cas merely raises one eyebrow and calmly brushes all traces from his jacket.
There’s a friendly jostling as they move around each other. It’s a good morning. Maybe it’s the sight of the sun after two solid days of rain and clouds or maybe it’s the goddamned avocado toast but whatever it is, Dean feels energized. He goes about his day with a spring in his step, and his customers all seem to be in good moods as well. When the mid-morning rush ends and they have a few minutes to mess around, Jack turns up the music, then hurries to show them a tik tok that uses the same song. Dean honestly doesn’t find it funny but Rowena laughs her silvery tinkling laugh when Jack gives him an
The sun is barely up as Dean makes his way back home, only a glimmer of pink and gold lighting the clouds from underneath. Despite living in the heart of the city, there’s little traffic at this hour and even fewer people out on the streets. He pulls the Impala into his parking spot and sits there for a long moment, summoning the strength to get out. He’s only steps away from his bed, but resting his head on the steering wheel and sleeping here feels like a perfectly viable option.
he holds up a finger to keep his nephew at bay. Unconcerned, Henry kicks at some fallen leaves before squatting down to look at what he’s unearthed.
If he’s being taken in for something, he might as well be good to go, he decides, and opens another beer. He doesn’t bother getting up as the lone police officer approaches him. Dean can’t make out his face from this distance, but, unlike other cops he’s dealt with, he doesn’t have the telltale hand perched at the ready near his hip.
“Nobody’s gonna hate you,” Dean assures him. “They might think you’re a too-tall nerd but that’s only till they get to know you. Then they’ll
Cas has learned that an old man can say just about anything and receive an indulgent smile in return. When Dean references angels or demons or the apocalypse, people assume he’s speaking in metaphor and they’ll nod pleasantly. Sometimes he’ll do it purely for effect, telling rambling tales from their past for the sheer enjoyment of being able to speak openly. He can’t always keep the details straight, but Cas is there to remind him. Some days, though, he seems to lose where he is in time, and there’s nothing Cas can do for that. Cas has taken to keeping a watchful eye on him in the late afternoons when he likes to doze on the couch with their one-eyed black cat curled up on his chest. Cas stays close in case he wakes from his nap agitated, calling for Cas, wanting to know where Sam is. Cas helps him to sit up as the cat springs down and scurries away.
“Yeah, well, she was acting like she always does with me and then she caught sight of Dean and honestly she looked a little like a shark just before a feeding frenzy, and Dean…” Cas replays the series of events in his head. Like he hasn’t a million times since it happened. The utter shock of Dean’s warm thumb on his face. The way his skin had tingled long after his hand had been removed. That charge of--
“Happens all the time.” She works quickly and efficiently and she doesn’t seem upset, but Dean is already mentally adding to her tip.
Laughing, Dean selects another one then takes a large bite. Chewing happily, he lifts the donut toward Cas like a toast, then hurriedly chomps on it again.
“This is great,” Cas says, and holds out the glass so they can clink. He takes a sip, the wine is full-bodied and dry, and it warms him as he swallows.
“Dean, I know it’s like pulling teeth to get you in here--" She stops and gives him a wry smile. "Okay, in retrospect I could’ve used a better example, but the fact that you’re sitting here in my office today tells me exactly how concerned you are.”
He knows he can’t go on like this. He’s done what they wanted--going to therapy, trying to use the tools and techniques, but nobody understands what he’s going through. Every time he remembers something new it’s like opening a door on an advent calendar from hell. He feels bad that Cas probably thinks it was their fight that caused Dean to lose his shit, but he hasn’t told Cas what he remembers about his dad. He’s terrified to talk about it, terrified to even let his thoughts linger on it because what if the next thing he’ll remember is his dad doing more than just plying him with alcohol? What if he recovers memories of his dad in there with them? He can’t risk that.
Hoping Cas is used to hearing him rattle around in the kitchen at night, this time he bypasses the refrigerator and goes to the liquor cabinet. He pours himself a drink and chokes it down, struggling not to cough. But the burn in his throat is good, something tangible he can focus on when the rest of his brain and body feel out of his control. He feels better already even though he knows it’s too soon for the alcohol to be hitting his bloodstream. For good measure he pours some more, swallowing that down as well. As the sweat on his skin dries, he replaces the bottle, taking care to wash every trace of whiskey out of the glass before putting it in the dishwasher. His stomach burns now too but it’s nothing he can’t handle and he spends a long time brushing his teeth before climbing back into bed.
Jesus, even Garth has been more attentive than Dean’s managed to be. “Yes, thank you so much for asking,” Cas says and Dean hears the underlying accusation.
Sure, Dean’s probably been sitting too much and baking too often, but he tries to push those thoughts away as he sits forward to pull his shirt over his head. Still, he holds it for an extra moment in front of him before tossing it onto the couch.
“Tired,” Dean says. These memories always take so much out of him. “Like I could sleep for a week.” He looks back at Jody. “You really think any of this can help?”
Charlie looks delighted by his response. This can’t be good. “You make an excellent point. She saw a successful businessman who her son
He’d been so quick to turn out the light, though. Not that it’s unusual for them, but maybe it’s easier for him right now not to see Dean while they do this.
“Mother of the groom has its perks,” she agrees. She looks relaxed and happy and he’s pretty sure she hasn’t stopped smiling all day. “You ready for the main event?”
“I may take you up on that,” he says and pulls her into one more hug, kissing her on the top of the head.
“She was younger than I was when we moved there.” Naomi sounded wistful and Cas remembered the two of them sitting together on the Novaks’ front porch, mismatched in every way except for the affection they had for each other.
“Do you know how difficult it is to concentrate at work when you distract me? When all I can think about is getting home to you?”
Dean bursts into laughter and he can feel Cas shaking with it as well. Quickly, Cas clears his throat and regains his composure. “You ought to show me some respect.”
They’re on the outskirts of Des Moines at an actual Home Depot, and Dean feels almost giddy. It’s early November and Dean’s been in Linden for just under a month. There are more people in this Home Depot than Dean’s laid eyes on at any one time since he got to Iowa.
“That was incredible.” Dean makes a soft, happy sound when Cas smooths over his skin with the lotion. “Can you believe how smart I was to come up with this?”
“No getting sappy on me, Cassie. Truth is, I’m gonna miss having you around. But the bigger truth is that the best revenge on mom and dad is for you to have an independent and fulfilling life.” He grinned at Cas. “It’s the ultimate fuck you.”
Dean’s not sure what to say. Despite the stick up his ass—or maybe because of it—Cas always seems so genuine, so earnest about doing the right thing. He thinks about Cas checking that kids are wearing their helmets correctly or driving out to make sure Dean being a pain in his ass wasn’t actually something more dire. Working in Milwaukee couldn’t have provided much opportunity for that sort of thing. “Protect and serve, huh? Well, you’ve certainly got that personal touch happening here.”
Dean shuffles backwards until the kitchen door is comfortingly against his back. ”I can’t.” He can’t say what he means. He doesn’t even know what he means. He only knows that he can’t. He can’t move. He can’t go there. They can’t make him.
This weekend he and Gabe have a command performance for their parents’ anniversary, and that means spending the evening having dinner at a restaurant near his childhood home.
“You could always choose any color you want to name, but it sounds like you made a smart decision for yourself. What textures were there?”
“Tired,” he says, and it’s true. His limbs feel heavy and leaden, like he’s run a marathon. “But a little better, I guess.”
“I mean love. The whole idea of it.” Cas opens his mouth to respond, but at that very moment the cat comes back into the room, slinking low to the ground, clearly wary of that high-pitched sound starting again. It’s a striking change from the way Dean’s used to seeing her confidently stride around. “Hey, there she is. I guess the smoke alarm really freaked her out.”
Cas uses the hand he was propping his head up with to reach into Dean’s hair, tugging a handful none-too-gently.
“It is rather distracting,” Cas admits. He’s dressed casually again and Dean wonders if he’s taken time off to get moved in.
Georgina meets him on the back porch, her hooves surprisingly dainty as she climbs the wooden stairs. He sits, and she stands at his shoulder, waiting patiently as he crams a handful of cereal into his mouth, then holds one out for her. It tickles his hand as she chews and crunches. He needs to shower and brush the fuck out of his teeth before he can walk back into town to get his car. The thought alone exhausts him.
Eileen stepped over from the work station behind Cas to join the group. Cas gestured to the pile and she sorted through them, selecting and unwrapping a mini one. As they watched, she held it to her nose, sniffing deeply before biting off the tiniest amount. She rolled it around on her tongue for a few moments before crunching it. “The mint flavor is so clean.”
Sitting at his desk, horror begins to dawn on Dean as he realizes what she’s doing. In rapid succession come a series of screenshots from the past month or so
He can tell she’s not about to let him get away with that assessment. “In some ways, perhaps. At the surface level, anyhow. But it doesn’t take away the underlying pain and there’s no moving forward until that’s addressed.”
Dean’s got a stack of them bookmarked, not to mention a stash of books he’s picked up over the years.
“Here’s your ring,” Cas takes it from where he’d safely stored it before they left the house and slides it back onto Dean’s left hand.
It’s clear that Cas needs a friend, and Dean is more than happy to take him under his wing. He’d want someone to do the same for Sammy, if he couldn’t be there.
“Well, Dean mostly just drinks black coffee, because it’s the manliest way.” Her eye roll tells Cas she doesn’t buy into that, but Cas isn’t sure if she means the coffee or Dean’s assessment of it. “But--and you didn’t hear it from me--he’s also quite fond of a hazelnut latte.”
“You mentioned that one of the things that happens is you decide you need to keep what you’re dealing with to yourself.”
“Hello, Dean.” If the pause the followed wasn’t enough to alert him that something was off, the clipped
“Yeah.” Dean must’ve taken a large bite of whatever he’d made because the next thing he said was around a mouthful of food. “I’m so glad not to be a teenager anymore.”
He’s still smiling when Meg pulls out a chair with a loud scraping sound. “What in the fuck was that all about?” Her face is absolutely gleeful and she makes tiny finger guns at him. “Pad Thai,” she adds in a deep voice.
Pulling up to Bobby’s house, Dean takes in the sight of his family gathered around. Sam has an arm looped easily over Eileen’s shoulders. Bobby stands on the porch watching Henry play, a wide grin on his face that he doesn’t even bother to try and hide. Cas sits beside him in the car, eyes so warm and so blue. Dean thinks maybe Billie was right about what he’s been able to accomplish in his life, despite everything.
Cas replays their interaction in his head then slumps back in his seat. “Okay, fine. But next time let me know it’s going to be Point Out All Castiel’s Flaws Day before I agree to meet you.”
Standing outside Cas’s door, he feels like his heart is pounding as loudly as the knocking he does on the door. Cas answers it and Dean’s relieved to see him in jeans and a casual sweater. He’s breathtakingly handsome as always and he leans in first thing for a kiss.
“Nah,” Dean says, fitting her against his shoulder and patting her back. “She likes this is all.” He doesn’t like the goo-goo eyes his brother is making so a subject change is in order. “Okay, let’s talk bachelor party.”
Despite the nervous excitement, he falls asleep although he wakes well ahead of the alarm he’s set just in case. It’s good that he has this extra time because he spends way too long carefully shaving and trying to tame his hair. And that doesn’t factor in the excessive number of shirts he’s put on and taken off again, looking for one that says
In response, Cas folds his arms on the table and drops his head to them. “Yes,” he says, voice muffled. “And maybe.”
It’s a dumb fucking question. “What do you think?” Billie continues to look at him, calmly but evenly. It reminds him a little of Cas, actually. Dean’s voice goes hard. “If anybody ever hurt him like that, I’d kill them.”
“Jesus, Dean. I’m a lawyer. Eileen works with child advocacy, you think we’re naive about the ways of the world?”
“Get that sharp cheddar cheese,” the clerk says, pointing to the dairy aisle. “He always picks up some of that.”
Cas texts back the thumbs up emoji and it’s so dumb that Dean feels himself relax a little. He’s antsy, though, unable to sit still and he decides to make use of his free time to get some cleaning done. When he’s finished mopping the kitchen, he helps himself to a drink because why the hell not? He’s basically got a vacation day.
“People may ask why I didn’t tell anyone. Hell, I asked myself that for a long time. But who do you tell when it’s a police officer hurting you? Who do you tell when your own father lets it happen? As my memories came back, I remembered that someone did try to help, despite my never saying a word. A teacher was concerned for me, concerned by the bruises she saw on my face, ironically from my father and not from Alastair, but she tried. She tried to meet with my dad to make sure I was okay and in response”--Dean’s voice goes hard here--”You took me out to the woods to show me a dead body.” He can hear some people in the courtroom react to that, with small intakes of breath and murmuring, but still Alastair won’t even look at him and it’s
He comes hard, with his toes curling and his hips lifting off the bed.  He’s still panting when Cas reaches for him.
“Hey, I need to go start the grill,” he says, when she’s finished her alarmingly detailed description of the almond crusted french toast.
Cas seems to go to bed earlier, but that just means he often has a new message from SavetheDrake to respond to in the mornings. He doesn’t know the specifics of SavetheDrake’s job, but as the days go on, Cas has a pretty good idea of when he has free time during his work day. He’ll hear from him in the morning before he gets to work, and then generally nothing until lunchtime. The meeting he’s currently being held hostage in falls during that morning stretch where SavetheDrake is unavailable, so maybe that’s why Cas, bored out of his mind, decides to send him a series of messages.
It’s not like he thought making some sort of bad impression on her would cause Cas to stop coming around. Cas is a grown man. He can choose who he wants to spend time with. Still, Dean imagined Cas describing him to his mother as “the guy who works at the garage” and it made Dean want to come off as more than that.
“You’re coming to my birthday, right?” Charlie says this like she and Cas have been in the middle of a conversation about it.
Ellen looks Cas over, taking in his button down shirt. “He looks like he could class up a joint for sure.”
“You still...” he hesitates, glancing over to where Henry is stretched out in the back of an old truck bed. “Doing all the things you’re supposed to?”
Dean scowls and picks up the discharge instructions from the bedside table. “This says to wait twenty-four hours.” He glances at the clock. “It’s only been twenty.”
Dean grinned, white teeth gleaming. “So much time wasted.” He kissed Cas gently once more then got to his feet, reaching out a hand. “Let’s make up for it now.”
Cas shook his head with mock pity. “So many preconceptions.” Then he hooked his hands under Dean’s thighs and tugged him toward the edge of the bed. Dean came willingly and Cas kneaded at his quadriceps before sinking to his knees.
Cas presses against him and kisses him hard as soon as the driver shuts the door. Dean breaks the kiss when the driver gets into his own seat because the partition is partially open. “Wait,” he says to Cas who is moving in for another kiss. “I have a question.”
With relief, he hears the familiar crunching as she tackles her bowl of kibble. He has a vet, but the office is way out near Gabe’s house and he should really get her set up with one closer to where he lives now. She’s been so low-maintenance, though, needing only her annual check-ups and vaccines in the years he’s had her. He prides himself on being a good cat owner, and her ongoing good health is a reflection of that. Still, he’s on a roll with his writing, so he makes himself a mental note to research vet practices in the area. Maybe he can call his regular place and get some recommendations.
This morning Dean had woken with his heart pounding, but not fearful of their wedding day, not by a long shot. He’d woken with a flare of panic at how easily they could’ve missed each other, how his life could have continued without Cas in it, whether by accident or by choice. He woke with his pulse racing at how tiny decisions made by either one of them could have left them on completely different paths. Cas was still asleep, but Dean burrowed himself closer, breathing him in and taking solace from his presence. Instinctively, Cas wrapped an arm around him and Dean lay there, focused on controlling his own breathing. When Cas woke up, he’d kissed the top of Dean’s head, then shifted until he could see Dean’s face.
“Cas, would you find a place to put this?” Cas took the plate and wove his way around the stacks of boxes to find a clear spot on the kitchen counter. By the time he came back, Naomi and Mary were deep in conversation on the front porch and Sam was crouching to look at something in the grass. Dean stood at the bottom of the three porch stairs, leaning on the railing. When Cas hesitated on the porch, Naomi caught his eye and nodded, smiling at him when he walked down toward Dean.
At that, he relaxes enough to sit down. “In that case,” he mutters as he pulls the pillow onto his lap. “Just like old times.”
She doesn’t bat an eye at his profanity. “We can certainly talk some more about that, but let’s take a step back for a moment.” When he doesn’t respond, she continues. “You don’t know me. You have no reason to trust me. From what little I know about you from when the appointment was made, you’ve dealt with some significant trauma. Coming here at all—whether it was up to you or not—is a huge step.”
“I hope so. They told me not to let her jump or be too active while she was healing. It wasn’t too hard at first but now that she’s feeling better, it’s not like I can explain it to her.”
He should get up. Eat something, maybe. Take a shower. But his body feels so heavy, like his mattress is somehow exerting an extra strong gravitational force. It’s all he can do to roll himself onto his side, so the idea of actually standing up is unthinkable. He lies there, staring at the wall, his eyes unfocused as he allows himself to remember all that happened.
His brother Gabriel had been kind enough to let him crash with him. It was supposed to be a temporary thing, as he got himself back on his feet, but he’d ended up living with his brother for nearly four years. Now, he’s working steadily enough to support himself, and getting this apartment seemed like the next logical step.
Dr. Tran smiles and Dean finds himself caught between outrage and amusement. “They almost always say that. I mean, sometimes MS, but generally a brain tumor.” Her expression sharpens. “Not to say that those aren’t very serious conditions, but they are exceedingly rare. Now, I’ll do an exam today and we’ll certainly work you up if I find anything the least bit concerning, but as of now, nothing you’ve said has me thinking along those lines.”
“Why can’t you believe me when I say I’m happy with the way things are?” Despite his irritation he appreciates that she’s keeping her language open. Not
“Really good,” Dean admits. “Turns out you might’ve been right about me deciding what they could and couldn’t handle. Sam was upset of course, but he was mad, too. And he’s got my back on trying to work with Jody to see what we can do about this guy.” He’s spent so much time not saying Alastair’s name in here that he still can’t quite seem to get it out.
“Dean, please,” Cas is almost begging now as he reaches up to run his hands up and down Dean’s sides.  “I can be quiet.”
Cas kisses down his face, along his jaw, and down his neck, pressing his lips against the collar before stopping to nip a little at the tendon that stretches to his shoulder.
Dean shakes his head. “No. It’s not. He’s been going along just like he always has. I’m the one who drove us into a tree.”
The limo drives toward a fast food place and, even though Dean knows the windows are tinted, it’s still disconcerting to pass people on the sidewalk or in neighboring cars with his legs splayed open and his glistening dick on full display. He’s relieved when Cas puts a hand back on his fly to tuck him back in…only instead he’s unbuttoning Dean’s pants and working to push them and his underwear down over his hips.
“They liked you. I could tell.” They’re looking at each other again, more distance between them in the front seat of the car than there had been in the booth, but it feels more intimate somehow, maybe because they’re alone.
felt like a shortcut, something that allowed him to sort of hotwire the creative process and get to the good stuff. He knew better than to think it would work forever, but he’d hoped it would last at least until he got through to the end of this draft.
“When we were growing up, you were always there for me. Whether I needed help with my homework or I had a bad dream when mom was working nights. You made sure I had breakfast in the morning and a snack after school. You barely finished school yourself because you were taking on part time jobs to pay for my activities and field trips.”
The vase of roses is gone from the coffee table. When they first showed signs of drooping, Cas had taken one flower and pressed it in his complete collection of Jane Austen. He missed seeing the flash of scarlet there on the table, but after Lady Marmalade kept batting the fallen petals onto the floor, he’d finally emptied the vase completely. They’ve yet to reschedule their date since Balthazar had to travel out of the country, but he’s texted a few times, sending pictures of himself in quaint cafes and inquiring after Cas’s health.
The shirt is one he wears fairly regularly, but generally as an under layer since it’s always been a little small.
Lady Marmalade is back by the time he's stretched out again, so Dean must not be home. The next time he wakes it’s to a knock on his door.
Cas sucks in a deep breath of his own. “Maybe you can, but I can’t. Let’s go tell Melanie we’re through here.”
“Okay, but you know she’s forever sending me ‘helpful’ links about meeting people.” He leans forward. “Did she send you this? Are you two in cahoots?”
Trudging to the parking structure, Dean tries to get a grip on all that’s happened in the scope of one day. Cas kissed him. Kissed him hard and tender and like he couldn’t get enough. Dean can almost still feel his spine pressing against the tree as Cas’s body pinned him there. And then moments later, that was all but forgotten. Dean doesn’t know where they stand now, clearly Cas has bigger concerns, but still he’d let Dean hold him in the aftermath and reached for Dean’s hand in the hospital. But now Dean’s taking him back to his house and suddenly he’s worried he’s giving Cas mixed messages about where they are in their...well, whatever the hell they’re in at the moment. The last thing he wants is for Cas to worry about any of this, so as soon as Cas is loaded in the front seat of the Impala, Dean lays out the plan.
It’s just past lunchtime, he realizes, but apparently the rush has ended because only a scattering of people are seated at tables. Three employees are standing behind the counter and two of them glance his way as he enters. Instead of going right to the counter, he wanders the perimeter of the coffee shop, noting where the outlets are. He discovers one perfect table where he’ll be able to sit both with easy power access and with his back to a wall so that no one can see his screen. Only then does he make his way toward the counter, stopping for a moment at the glass case of pastries.
This time Cas imitates what Dean did, pulling in a long breath. “Oh,” he says softly. He doesn’t know the first thing about describing scents, but the flowers smell sweet without being overpowering.
And none of this takes into account the fact that he said “How about you?” after Cas innocently asked if he needed a hand.
“It’s already ruined.” He wants to say it with a scoff, to spit the words out with venom, but it just comes out sad and small. He feels his shoulders droop, but he doesn’t let his grip loosen.
He tries his own. It’s…really fucking good. The avocado is creamy and ever so slightly savory. It’s buttery smooth and perfectly balanced by the crunch of the toast. “I stand corrected,” he says with his mouth full. “Or sit or whatever.”
“I’m sorry we’re meeting like this,” she said to Naomi. “Castiel is an excellent student and, frankly, I’m surprised to see him here today.” Naomi looked at him, but he kept his eyes on the floor. “However, fighting is a serious offense and your lack of disciplinary action in the past doesn’t mean we can let it slide.”
“I may be biased,” she says, watching Henry spin around with a lit sparkler in each hand, “but this kid makes everything better.”
“That’s not what I was going to say,” Dean grumbles, shoving a krwa-san sample into his mouth. He was going to say
“Absolutely,” Billie says. “Maybe watching a tv show where a character experiences something similar. Or seeing an ambulance go by.”
Dean has felt so many fucking things today. Fear and anger and guilt. Anxiety and love and support. Now he adds to it a lightness that seems to flood though his entire body, an almost hysterical concoction of giddiness and relief. He puts a hand to his face and the room goes quiet as he cries, Cas gently rubbing circles between his shoulder blades as Dean leans against him. When he composes himself enough to look up again, he sees there’s not a dry eye in the entire room.
“Well, I mean, if you really think he doesn’t want any further contact, you need to respect that, but it doesn’t sound like that’s how it played out.”
first of all if you’re hungry then eat something that will fill you up. That’s the opposite of soup. Why have all those big pieces of things floating in liquid. It’s like eating old soggy cereal. Only hot. If you want chunks of something eat it with a fork and knife like a normal person.
. Dean sees Cas look up from his computer to smile at the ruckus, and Dean makes a big show of shushing them.
As always, Balthazar looks effortlessly elegant in clothing that isn’t flashy but nonetheless exudes high fashion. He’s wearing a black sweater with a deep vee neck and dark jeans, his leather coat tossed over one arm.
It wasn’t a single kiss. There were more and then, suddenly, all of that evaporated like so much fog burning off with the rising sun.
Dean feels utterly and achingly alone even though he knows it’s his own fault. He’s painted Cas into a corner where nothing he can do is right: ignore Dean’s spoken request and risk making him feel like a victim again or abide by his words and leave Dean to stew in his own misery. Cas is simply respecting his wishes and it’s not lost on Dean that it’s precisely the choice Dean
Dean clears his throat. “Well, he lives in my building and he works from home so he’s in the coffee shop a bunch. Makes it pretty hard to avoid him.”
there. It was unsettling and concerning to try to make sense of what was happening to me. My brain couldn’t remember but my body could and twenty-five years after the abuse, I saw Joe Alastair’s face on the news and the next thing I knew I was cowering in the corner of my living room, shaking, with tears running down my face.” Dean turns to look at Alastair again. “You would have loved that, I bet. Knowing you could still terrify me. At that point, I still had no idea why this was happening. I thought I was going crazy.
he imagines them asking him every five minutes. “How the fuck do you think?” he says out loud through gritted teeth, then works his jaw for a moment. He still needs to follow up with the dentist. Just one more thing he's managed to fail at doing.
Cas goes teary-eyed again, but he tries to hide his trembling lip behind a drink of ginger ale. Dean pretends not to notice, looking instead at the cat. She jumps up onto the coffee table, tail swishing as she approaches the vase of flowers.
Their bodies seem to slot together effortlessly, whether it’s curled up together in sleep, stretched out side by side on the couch to watch television, or here like this. Dean nuzzles his face against Cas’s, kissing him once, deep and languorous, before letting his lips graze his cheek. “She told me she was struck by your blue eyes but somehow she didn’t mention your perfect ass,” he whispers in Cas’s ear, as he grazes both palms over his aforementioned ass.
Cas gave him a scandalized look. “Dean, I didn’t work this hard for them to break if we hit some turbulence. And if they aren’t properly separated, they’ll stick together and--”
Another round of introductions happened while Cas pretended he hadn’t been spying from upstairs. Where Sam had long dark curls, Dean had light brown hair that stood up in bristly spikes, like it had been shaved not that long ago. He was wearing a Kansas City Royals t-shirt and athletic shorts. At his mother’s prompting, he stepped forward with the plate.
Soup is extremely filling, and it delivers a depth of flavors like nothing else. Every culture has some variation of it, you know why? Because it’s both delicious and satisfying.
All this talk about true selves and Cas is still sitting on one hell of a lie. Cas watches a series of expressions cross Dean’s face as Lady Marmalade wrestles the toy out of his grasp: determination, followed by a flash of fear, and then a glimmer of pride and astonishment. Dean’s giving so much of himself, and Cas feels like a fraud.
Charlie’s friends are watching this whole exchange, but Cas reminds himself he knows how to talk to her. “Oh yeah? Because you made it sound like an entrance fee.”
. He’s immediately on alert because nothing good ever comes of anyone calling this late. He checks the display to see that it’s Cas.
Naomi’s eyes go serious. “I’m sorry to hear that. Honestly, it sounds like a failure of the school to keep you engaged.”
Dean wipes his mouth with the back of his hand. “Not today.” He eyes the line up of bottles behind the counter. “How about a shot of whiskey.”
Content warning for Dean dissociating during a therapy session and later regaining memories of his childhood sexual abuse/rape.
The tension bleeds out of him at once and they fall back into their easy routine, even as both of them acknowledge their emotions around the impending meeting. They chat for a good long time and when they say their good nights, its with
“Oh, I do.” She smiles. “I wish I had more satisfying answers for you, but the truth is there’s not one way that this happens or plays out in the aftermath.”
Cas sighs and shoves his phone back into his pocket. He’s done enough stalling. Getting to his feet, he rolls his shoulders a few times, stretching his neck until it makes a satisfying little click. The door chimes as the truck owner leaves and Cas finds he and Dean are the only ones left in the front.
Dean hit the dirt off his cleats with the bat, one whack to the side of each shoe in his usual ritual, then took a deep breath and stepped into the batter’s box, bat raised over his right shoulder. He held his ground as the first pitch came in, visibly outside.
Cas flips him onto his back, pinning his arms over his head. It doesn’t escape his notice that Dean seems more than amenable to being manhandled. “I would like that very much.”
The next morning Dean gets out of bed carefully. He knows he shut and locked his balcony door before he went to bed last night, but it doesn’t stop him from peering into his living room as he leaves the bedroom. Assured that the door is still secure, he opens it to let in the morning sunshine. He looks down toward Castiel’s balcony to see that—true to his word— he’s rearranged his potted plants so that all of them are directly on the floor of the balcony, clustered toward the front center and well away from the sides.
Having some company, getting some fresh air and exercise—it all serves to take Dean out of his head and leave him both energized and settled. Still, he’s glad when they reach the turnaround at the peak of the path. At the top, they stand for a moment to take in the view. It’s beautiful and peaceful. “You come up here a lot?”
Dean doesn’t have to be told that he’s nowhere near that point yet, but it motivates him to think about it as a possibility. And it reinforces his efforts to do what’s in his power to limit his backslides.
Cas takes his arm and pulls him back a few steps from the house. He leans in and speaks softly. “I’m not sure what we’re dealing with but it appears to be both dangerous and destructive.”
After that first experience, the paddle has only come out on a couple of occasions and then Cas merely employs for a single swat here and there, something to spur Dean into action when he’s not moving quickly enough.  But Cas likes the feather.  Dean doesn’t mind it, but it’s not his favorite.  It’s just a shiver of sensation, not even enough to tickle.  Not that Dean likes being tickled, but at least there’s skin on skin contact there, fingertips gliding along the back of his knee or poking into his sides.  The feather is simultaneously there and not there and everything is too light and soft for his liking.
After dinner, Henry proudly brings out the cupcakes he made. Eileen beams as Sam helps Henry light the candles and they all sing and sign Happy Birthday to her. She blows out the candles in one big breath (not hard since for some reason Henry has decided four are enough) and then she spends a good long time trying to decide which cupcake to choose for herself. They all look the same: mounds of neon pink icing aggressively covered with rainbow sprinkles. Henry leans close to her and she wraps an arm around him. “This one,” he points to one near the center of the plate. “It has the most sprinkles.” As he indicates, his finger jabs into the frosting and, laughing, he licks it off.
Sometimes Cas is still in awe that he can touch Dean like this, wherever he wants, whenever he wants. Adding a sexual component to their relationship had been astonishing but he values the addition of physical displays of affection like this just as much. He drops the soap, leaving it to float in the water so that he can use both hands. Dean, as always, is gratifyingly responsive to his touch, practically going boneless until he’s resting his cheek on his drawn-up knees and making soft sounds of contentment.
He knows he can’t go on the way he has been with the drinking, lying, and arguing, but Cas doesn’t understand how hard this is. Yes, something needs to change, but why does Cas assume he knows what’s best? Where does he get off basically giving Dean an ultimatum? Dean never claimed to be perfect, so maybe Cas could cut him some fucking slack. Nobody understands what he’s dealing with. Cas had been so unfair and unrelenting, saying something needed to change. He couldn’t say what he really meant:
At that, Dean pushes to sit up and switch the lamp back on. Cas sits up as well, twisting the covers in his hand, his blue eyes wide and uncertain.
Cas cuts him off again. “I think a lot of things right now, Dean. I can’t stop thinking them, that’s the problem.”  He runs a weary hand through his hair.
Cas rubs gently at his eye, blinking his dry contact lens back into place. “Sorry,” he says automatically.
“I taught second grade for over twenty years,” Naomi reminded her, laughing so that her star-shaped earrings swung. “You should see me on St. Patrick’s Day!”
Cas busied himself swapping out the books for the ones he needed for his homework. He was as much to blame for that as Dean was, but he didn’t know where this was going so he didn’t say anything.
Cas releases him, but drags a thumb over Dean’s lower lip before dropping his hand. “You’ll take what I give you.”
They’ve been doing this for long enough that Dean should be able to do whatever Cas asks of him without all this doubt and fear.
Nodding, Dean says. “This was well before cell phones. He had one of those cameras that would spit out the picture right away.” He feels a terrible joke bubble up inside him but he tamps it down.
To his surprise, Dean looks a little shifty and his ears go pink. “It’s nothing. She also likes coffee. And books.”
“Well, I mean that was just one phase I went through. There was also train conductor and dinosaur doctor.”
“It should.” Along with cleaning all the storm windows, Dean’s fixed and cleaned the gutters and power washed the siding. “I’ve done what I can without getting up on the extension ladder but I gotta tell you, heights aren’t really my thing.”
Cas follows him inside, stopping to take off his trench coat and lay it over the back of the couch. He looks around the apartment, at the dirty dishes on the counter and the congealed pizza still sitting in the open box. “What’s going on, Dean?”
They’re both breathing heavily as Dean makes a move with his free hand to extricate himself, but Cas grabs his wrist and pins it against the wall.  “What would you have done if I hadn’t come back when I did?” Cas demands. “How far would you have let things go?”
Check in, my friends! How are you doing? Finding ways to stay occupied if you're stuck at home? Always looking for podcast or tv recs...or stress-baking recipes!
In the morning, Dean wakes first.  He checks to see that Cas is sleeping peacefully, then pulls back the covers and sits up, pressing his lips together when his ass makes full contact with the bed.  He carefully pulls on pajama pants and creeps downstairs to make coffee.  By the time he carries two mugs back upstairs, Cas is awake.  He scrunches the pillow behind his back and sits up as Dean walks around the bed to hand him his coffee.
Seeing as the downstairs is devoid of his husband, he calls out a hello as he hangs up his coat and takes off his boots. When there’s no answer, he pulls out his phone to check that he hasn’t missed any messages alerting him to Cas’s change in plans. There’s nothing.
Dean drops his hand from where he’s rubbing at his temple again. “I do. It just came on all of a sudden. I think maybe I clenched my jaw stressing over the dentist.”
“Your parents were always so cool.” Cas raised an eyebrow. “Ok, maybe cool isn’t the word, but so laid back. And supportive.”
Dean stops fighting the sensation. With Cas’s permission, and with his lower lip caught between his teeth, Dean jerks himself faster, arching his body forward as he tenses up. “Oh,” he hears himself say. “Oh god. Cas.” And then he’s coming, his whole body spasming with pleasure. He falls back against the couch cushions, milking the last drops of come and small aftershocks of pleasure out of his sensitive dick.
Dean nods. “Henry’s fine, he was up ahead he didn’t hear most of it but Alastair, he was clearly sending me a message.“ Dean clenches his hands into fists, the anger he couldn’t manage to summon earlier heating him from the inside. “He knew Henry’s name and where he went to school, even which classroom he’s in. Jesus, Sam, I’m so sorry.”
They spend what should be a few unsexy minutes finding the best places for their cameras, but even as they test the angles, Dean feels the excitement growing. Cas is already taking charge, and Dean has never wanted to get anything so right in his life. When Cas is at last satisfied, Dean settles back on the couch. Even through the screen, he can feel the weight of Cas’s gaze as he looks him up and down.
Smiling, Cas tugs him by the elbow and they find a place to stand along the side wall. When the lights go down, the energy in the room is nearly palpable, a swirling mixture of anxious parents, overly-excited kids, and beaming grandparents. Dean’s never been to one of these and he has no idea what to expect, but the more he watches, the more he realizes that’s kind of the point. Each act is a total crapshoot. Three tiny girls doing a dance routine can be followed by an older boy performing magic tricks, followed by a brother and sister playing a violin and piano duet, followed by a girl singing a solo. Some of it is undeniably terrible and some is downright astoundingly good. Sure, a few kids mess up but the crowd waits with kind anticipation as they get their performances back underway and those are the ones who get the loudest cheers and applause. Cas keeps leaning in to give him little tidbits of information about the kids that he knows, and Dean can’t stop grinning.
When his mother wants to know what that means, he tells her a barebones version of the way Lady Marmalade has made a habit of visiting his upstairs neighbor.
“So you weren’t mad at Sam and I assume you weren’t mad at Eileen?” She waits, eyebrows raised in question, until he shakes his head. “Then what was it?”
“Hey, this is what dating is about. You meet people and you give it a whirl and if it doesn’t work out you try again.”
“I always do.” With that, Cas slides his sunglasses back on and strolls to the driver’s seat, looking like all of Dean’s fantasies come true.
Cas tries to remember their names, but they immediately slip out of his brain. The one detail he does retain is when Charlie explains that two of them are in her DnD group along with Dean. He turns to look at Dean. “You told me she was a nerd. What does that make you?”
Dean understands now the relief he saw in Tory’s posture when her mother greeted her by name. “That’s rough.”
Dean closes his eyes, ready to drift off. Cas is nuzzling gently into the back of his neck, but Dean feels the heat of his breath as he sighs. “Maybe this isn’t the ideal time,” Cas begins, and just those few words have Dean’s eyes flying open. Cas continues, his voice measured and careful. “But none of this unfolded the way I’d planned and I think we need to figure some things out.” Even though he stops to press a kiss to Dean’s shoulder, Dean can’t stop his blood from running cold.
With regret he pulls his gaze away from his husband so that he can address the courtroom at large again. “I tell you all of this because it’s easy to understand how Joe Alastair ruined my life when I was a kid. And maybe you look at me now and see all the things I have going for me and think
Every inch of Dean’s skin feels like it’s on fire, his every nerve strung tight as Cas uses his strong, clever fingers to tease, prolonging Dean’s exquisite torment. His hand is slicked with pre-come now and the wet sound of skin on skin seems so loud in the otherwise silent room. Dean can’t keep quiet, can’t keep his hips still. When he can’t stand it any longer, he grabs at Cas’s wrist, urging him to hold tighter and go faster. Cas gives him what he wants then, and with Dean’s hand wrapped around his, he brings Dean over the edge.
Putting a palm to his chest, Dean winces. “Ouch. Is this how you stay in business? Wound your patients so they have to keep coming back?”
The concert ends with a standing ovation. Dean can’t decide if it’s due to actual support of the children’s musical endeavors or honest relief that it’s over and they can all finally get up from these cramped, uncomfortable bleachers. Probably both.
“Almost a month, I guess.” She’s well-acquainted with Dean’s shitty relationship with the dentist and he tells her about his visit, and vomiting afterwards. “I thought maybe I fu--messed up my jaw there and that was causing it, but I’m still getting them.”
He doesn’t remember what ended up happening with his teacher, whether she ever met with John or not, but the bruises faded and the split lip healed and John learned never to drag Dean back to the house after that.
“I deserved that,” Dean says, slumping back in his seat, but then he finds himself actually laughing. And, since apparently this is the day he asks his mother how to win over his gay crush, he adds, “So, what do I do?”
Dean parks alongside Cas’s car. “I’m glad you were. It’s hard for me to think of anyone not being comfortable at the Roadhouse seeing as I practically grew up there.”
He could turn and walk right back out again. Head straight through the waiting room and out of the building. Keep going until he hits the parking lot. It’s sounding pretty damn appealing until he remembers he doesn’t have his car. Picturing the disappointed look on Cas’s face, he makes his feet move and lowers himself rigidly onto the loveseat.
He’s pleased with how he handled the initial aftermath, but that’s not to say he hasn’t slipped back into painful thoughts. He remembers, almost with embarrassment, the way his heart had tried to fly right out of his chest when Dean kissed him, and how it had sunk to his feet, like it was made of lead, just minutes later. Everything had felt perfect in the magical moment: good news about Lady Marmalade followed by that surge of affection from Dean. He couldn’t have asked for anything more.
Dean takes the carrier from him so he can put on shoes and socks, and he doesn’t give it back until Cas has put on a coat as well. He’s almost frighteningly quiet as they make their way to the Impala. Dean cranks up the heat as they get settled. “Sorry, she takes awhile to warm up, especially when it’s this cold.”
“It’s on the calendar,” Dean says, even though he knows it’s a bit of non-answer. Nonetheless, Billie seems to understand exactly what he’s saying and her smile broadens as she gets to her feet.
Dean opened his mouth to argue, but Cas dove forward, catching the branch Dean was sitting on to easily swing to the ground, landing solidly on both feet. “Sure we can.” He turned to Sam. “C’mon, let’s look for caterpillars.”
Dean holds up his hand for a high-five. Without overthinking it, Cas obliges, trying not to be distracted by the feel of Dean’s callused palm on his. “Well-played,” Dean says, eyes crinkling with delight. “But I’m bi so watch out for your boyfriend.” He winks, and Cas feels a warmth flood through his chest, a giddiness that seems to trail all the way to the tips of his fingers and toes.
Dean focuses again on the memory, reminding himself that he’s safe. Jody and Cas sit quietly, Cas holding his hand as he closes his eyes and breathes as slowly and deeply as he can. Instead of letting the fear tempt him to lock it away again, he allows himself to really look at it. “Lilac.” He looks up and glances at the coffee table. “Like the candle.” He shudders. “Can you—“
Naomi turns toward her son. “Did he? He’s a good sport to always pitch in when we need an extra pair of hands.”
version of a story, or this nonsense now with the battery. Each time, Dean finds himself a little bit off kilter.
Cas knew Dean would be tossing his head back as his hips arched up off the bed. Cas pictured the flush spreading across his chest, his nipples rosy and hard. Cas’s own hand moved furiously, and he heard Dean gasp, then his every breath ended in a soft moan. “Cas.
Cas thinks back to the day they’d met, the first time Lady Marmalade had entered Dean’s apartment. Dean had been angry and with good reason, but it wasn’t difficult for Cas to see through the bluster to pick up on just how rattled he was. And well, maybe the reason Cas hasn’t written him off completely is because seeing how one small cat could unsettle one large and extremely handsome man has been a bit of a revelation. The way he pretended like he was doing “that cat” a favor by letting her come back up and visit, his arms crossed over his chest like he was disgusted even as he simultaneously extended the invitation…there is more to Dean Winchester than he shows the world. Cas is sure of it.
“Don’t you dare.” Dean stops him before he can flatten his hair. He reaches up to run his fingers through it. “This helps me stay focused.”
“Hold out your hands,” Sam said. He stretched out both of his arms, hands closed into fists, fingers facing the ground. Dean and Cas obediently each held out a hand and, when Sam was satisfied with their position, he nodded and solemnly dropped a marble into them. Cas’s was clear blue, Dean’s was green with a streak of gold threaded through the middle.
Ok I was writing some of this chapter during the early weeks of quarantine so everyone please scroll back up and appreciate my shelter in place/swelter in place pun!
The casual, open look on his face tells Dean he hasn’t noticed that his patient is so close to losing his shit.
He rolls on top of Dean, who hugs him tightly, kissing any bit of bare skin he can reach. Sometimes Dean finds himself worrying about how easily they could’ve gone through life with their paths never crossing. “Every time I see her, she tells me
It had been a muggy, sticky night. The apartment building was old, retaining all the summer heat and Cas had lain awake, trying to position as much of his body as he could in front of the open window. It didn’t help that he could hear Dean moving around upstairs. It was a tradeoff, open his windows to try and cool things down and let in the noise of the neighborhood or keep things closed up and quietly swelter in place.
“Get up here,” Dean finally said, tugging at Cas’s wrist. Dean started to sit up, clearly wanting to switch places, but Cas put a hand on his chest to stop him. His eyebrows pulled together in concern. “No?”
A gust of wind hard enough to rattle his window distracts him from that line of thinking. It’s been flurrying on and off all morning, but that’s been replaced with big, swirling flakes. He sits up and watches as the snow quickly begins to cover the ground. He watches, letting his eyes unfocus as snow fills the air. It’s strangely calming and, when his phone buzzes in that steady, insistent way that indicates a call, it feels like he’s being pulled out of a trance.
“Sorry,” Dean calls after them. By the time Cas gets back, Dean’s changed out of his sweat-drenched t-shirt.
He crosses the room, taking a moment to smile at the sign proclaiming the table reserved before unpacking his computer. He’s not paying much attention to Dean’s interaction with the customer, still waiting for his laptop to boot up when he realizes the woman’s voice has raised. “The last time I was here, I was told this would fix the problem but clearly that’s not the case.”
“Look, people do all sorts of jobs. They work hard and you know what they need when they aren’t working? A way to relax. Maybe that’s watching a movie or something. Maybe it’s reading a book.” He elbows Cas. “That’s all you, buddy.”
in public. And even when he left, you aren’t hustling me out of here so you can go bang your head against a lamp post.”
A flash of movement catches his eye and he turns his head to see Lady Marmalade walking toward the kitchen.
The men stepped outside, pulling the door mostly shut behind them so Cas couldn’t hear what they were saying. He crept down the steps until he could see into the front room where Naomi was holding a sleeping Sam, his head flopped down onto her shoulder. Dean stood beside her, in pajamas, looking dazed. Naomi caught sight of her son.
She links her arm through his. “You’ve done the hard part. And I’ve got a fresh pitcher of iced tea waiting at home.”
Dean continues and Cas’s eyes go wide. “This punishing yourself by taking the bus home instead of telling me what’s going on? That’s a page out of the old Dean Winchester handbook and if you won’t tolerate it out of me, I’m sure as hell not going to tolerate it out of you.” Dean puts a hand to Cas’s face, running his thumb over his husband’s cheekbone. “Of course you can take all the time you need to open up, but let me be there for you in the meantime. Even if you aren’t ready to talk about it.”
“You’re going with Lisa, right?” Cas knew he was. In an act of what Cas considered stunning bravery, Dean had asked her in front of a group of her girlfriends.
Dean knows Charlie is going to darken his office doorstep so he’s prepared when she comes in, arms folded over her chest and lips pursed into a pout. “But I was booooooored,” she says, doing her best imitation of him before shaking her head. “Real subtle. You were basically throwing spitballs at him like he’s your fifth grade table partner.”
Cas drops his hand, sitting back on his heels so he’s mostly at Dean’s eye level. It feels patronizing to Dean and he pushes up off the chair.
“Good to be back.” He’s not sure what to say, but he needs to acknowledge the elephant in the room. Or garage bay, to be accurate. “I promise I’ll get that piece of junk out of everyone’s way soon.” Her eyes go wide and then her face falls, and he hurries to clarify. “No, no, I mean I’m gonna tow her out to Bobby’s and fix her up out there. That way I can do it on my own time and not take up space here.”
She leaps with ferocious intent and yanks it downward, pulling the string taut. Cas has to tighten his grip on the handle. “I caught a big one!”
“It’s hard candy. I’ve made it a million times. Boil it, knead it, stretch it...but, every time I try to roll them together they get too hard and I can’t shape them.” He poked the wooden spoon at the shards of his last attempt.
“Hey,” Dean says from the stairs, “You okay?  Have you slept at all?”  As Dean approaches Cas gets up quickly and crosses to the other side of the living room, standing with his back to Dean.  Dean stands stock-still near the table before venturing slowly, “Cas? What’s going on?”
Dean’s phone rings a few days later, after he’s finished dinner. It’s an unknown number, but a local one, so he answers.
Just then Garth pokes his head in from the garage. “Hey, can you order two more--uh,” he stops, his eyes wide. “Am I interrupting something?”
By the time they reach the outskirts of town, everything is familiar even in the pitch dark. The same Christmas decorations have been affixed to the light posts in the small business district, candy canes and stockings alternating. A number of storefronts have outlined their windows with twinkling lights and, as always, the big evergreen in the town square is laden with oversized ornaments, a large star gleaming unwaveringly from the top.
They stand and chat until the bailiff calls the court to order and then they shuffle around to find their seats. When the door opens and Alastair is escorted in wearing an orange prison jumpsuit and shackles, Dean no longer has to fight back the instinct to hunch down. Alastair can’t hurt him anymore. He can’t hurt anyone.
There should be a nicer way to say this, but Dean doesn’t know what it is. Hold ice, sit with your pet, light a scented candle. “They’re all kind of dumb?
Dean refuses to acknowledge the little lift that information provides. He thumps his chest. “Black coffee. Like a
Dean stands as still as he can, but he rocks forward a little as Cas darts his tongue along the inside of the waistband.
“Sometimes fiction can lead us to believe that we need big, dramatic moments to somehow redeem ourselves and our stories.”
Dean smiles. Naomi Novak is a creature of routine, always has been. She has tennis days and walk days and honestly, he’s just glad he didn’t catch her when she needed a doubles partner or something. “I would love that. I can be there in fifteen.”
Her voice goes gentle. “I’ve found that often when patients come to me with a problem, they already have an idea of what they think they’re dealing with.” She waits for him to nod. “I don’t ask this because I think my patients are always right--there’s a reason I spent all that time going to med school, but so that I can do my best to reassure them. What is it you think I’m going to find?”
Dean snuggles back up against Cas, and his eyes drift close. He hears Cas and Jody murmuring softly and rouses himself when he hears Jody begin to gather her things to leave. He should get up, walk her to the door, but he finds he can’t make himself get off the floor. Cas stands, then extends a hand down to him, but Dean shakes his head, trying to make him understand. He can’t seem to find any words, though.
“I love you, too. I have for so long. I never dreamed you could feel the same way, not like that.” Dean can barely breathe now that he's said the words out loud.
They meandered quite a bit to get here, but walking directly should only take Dean about twenty minutes. Luckly, Georgina comes with him easily, keeping pace even with his long strides. He tries to focus on the snow as he walks, letting the drifting of it calm him, but all he can see is Cas being thrown backwards, his head hitting the wall. It’s playing on a loop in his mind and he has to suck in big deep breaths of cold air to combat it. Despite being warm from walking, as the adrenaline leaves his system, he can’t stop shivering.
into the soft skin of Dean’s neck, then looked him in the eye and said it out loud. It was the first time he’d ever uttered the words in his life. He knew his family loved him, but they weren’t the type to say it, and it seemed right--sacred, almost--that this was a first he saved for Dean. He nearly got caught sneaking back into his house that night, dawn beginning to streak the sky before they could stop declaring their love long enough to say goodnight.
Reluctantly Dean heaves himself to his feet. Cas hovers nearby ready to assist him, but Dean gently pushes him away. “Your Dom voice
Dean mutters under his breath but he doesn’t outright argue back. He’s tired of dragging everyone he loves down into the mud with him. It’s only a matter of time before they let go of his hand, especially when he can’t even find it in himself to act grateful for their attempts at kindness.
“I’m not technically on duty, but the uniform seems to soothe her.” He drives toward the north end of town and pulls into a driveway leading to an old, but solidly built farmhouse. A wiry man with greying hair is waiting near the end of the driveway, and he approaches the truck as it stops.
Coming out to Bobby was not on his agenda for today. Or possibly ever. It’s not that Dean’s ashamed about liking guys, he just never thought it would get to the point of bringing one around for anyone in his life to meet. But that idea seems to have been tossed by the wayside so he covers his eyes with his hand for a moment and then takes a deep breath. “Me and Cas are together.”
Dean yawns. “Remind me to put marshmallows on the shopping list.” He pulls the blankets a little closer around him.
The guy spins around to glare at him and Dean gestures to the cart. With a loud noise of disgust, the guy jerks the cart out of the way before wordlessly turning back to the display.
He walks through the house doing his best to see it with a critical eye. It’s not fancy, but it’s solid and clean. The fresh paint brightens what were once dark corners. The floors have been refinished and they gleam softly in the dim mid-December sunlight. He runs his hand over the grain of the kitchen cabinets, sanded and stained to a rich honey color, and he flicks on the new faucet in the sink just to see how smoothly it flows.
He does. It comes out in a jumbled mess, but she sits and listens. He’s been so wrapped up in his own misery that he hadn't even told her about the trip to the emergency vet, and she gasps at that part. “Oh, that poor thing.”
Charlie nods, drawing in a deep breath before turning toward the new customer. “Hi! Welcome to Winchester & Son. How can I help you?”
“You talked about not liking to be alone. It may seem silly, but these visitors to my yard… they keep me company. They have routines and habits and definite personalities. And the feeders and birdbath need to be cleaned and kept filled. It’s something small but it gives me some purpose on days when I might not otherwise feel like I have one.”
“That’s what I’m trying to do here. Look, Dean, nobody’s having an issue, they’re just a little demoralized to feel like all the work they put in previously was for nothing. Maybe if we had a meeting to explain the reasoning behind your decisions it would help with morale.”
Back upstairs, he finds Lady Marmalade again sleeping. It’s hard to gauge energy level changes in a creature that sleeps, like, sixteen hours a day, but she seems not to be in any sort of discomfort. She’s eaten a significant part of her breakfast, so it seems that waiting and seeing has been a reasonable approach. The rest of the day passes uneventfully and it isn’t until he goes into his bedroom that night to get ready for bed that he finds she’s vomited a couple of times in the far corner of his room.
Inside, they get a table in the back corner and Cas finds himself squinting at the beer menu. When he looks up, Dean’s eyes are twinkling with amusement. “Not much of a beer man, I take it?”
Ellen brings them each a plate of fried chicken with mashed potatoes and gravy. “It means sometimes the biggest compliment is letting someone else take care of you.”
Dean wants to make a smart remark, but the truth is he owes Cas a hell of a debt from last night. “Lucky for me, local law enforcement saw fit to get my sorry ass home before I did anything too stupid.”
Obediently, Dean leans forward so that Cas can run a hand along the smooth planes of his back, examining him from shoulder to shoulder. “You appear unhurt,” he confirms.
Cas nibbles tiny kisses up and down, alternating with long lazy licks and he’s making little humming sounds like Dean’s the most delicious thing he’s ever tasted, like there’s no place he’d rather be. Cas dips his tongue in again and his nose brushes against Dean’s body and he realizes again with a jolt how little of Cas he’s getting: just his tongue and a few finger tips holding him open. The rest of Dean aches for attention and he whimpers and twists his wrists, grasping at the rope attached to them until it’s taut and rubbing at his skin. The feeling of the ropes gives him something else to focus on, but Cas stops immediately, hands and tongue gone.
This time Cas isn’t here for the show. He runs his fingers through Dean’s hair, then grabs a handful to hold his head in place as he pushes into his waiting mouth. He drives his cock in deep, holding still until Dean can’t breathe, until he’s thinking of tapping out, but Dean takes it, willing his throat to stay relaxed until Cas pulls back, a long string of saliva glistening between his mouth and the flushed head of Cas’s cock. He coughs, just short of gagging, but Cas shoves in again. Dean has no choice but to keep up, breathing when he can and sucking and licking when he can’t. Despite the intermittent lack of oxygen, his head feels clearer than it had because there’s no room to think, there’s just Cas’s cock in his throat and his hand in his hair. Cas uses his mouth roughly, leaving Dean moaning around his cock even as tears sting his eyes and his lips bruise. When Cas comes with a loud groan, Dean swallows and swallows, desperate for every drop.
Outside Dean’s door, he stops again, listening for...he’s not even sure, exactly. Finally he gathers his courage and knocks firmly on the door. A moment later the door is yanked open to reveal Dean scowling.
Dean glares at him, but some of the effectiveness is lost when he leans his chin onto Cas’s shoulder. “I’m not a piece of meat.”
“Nah, it’s cool. It’s just that Garth and Lee had donuts and there’s still a few left. Did you have one?”
He hadn’t realized how exhausting it had been for him to pretend like everything was okay until he stopped doing it, and he’s reminded of the safety plan he filled out with Billie. On the walk back, Dean catches Sam’s eye and they fall back a little. It’s easier for Dean to talk like this, his body in motion and with an ice cream cone to keep his hands busy. “So,” he begins. “My therapist says that I need to be more open about what’s going on so I can avoid things getting so bad again.” He should probably just say the words “contemplating suicide” but he’s not quite there yet and he hopes Sam knows what he means.
Inside, Cas navigates past the hostess stand to find Dean at their usual booth, chatting with their usual waitress. The two of them go to this diner religiously each Sunday morning, where the pews are scuffed burgundy vinyl booths and the altar is the breakfast buffet with the generous senior discount. As always, Dean has maneuvered himself across the bench seat to make room for Cas to sit beside him. His cane rests against the wall in easy reach, the simple carved wooden handle belying the fact that the base unscrews to reveal a bayonet-like tip. It’s never been wielded as a weapon (although Dean uses it, still sheathed, to poke at aggressive pigeons who muscle in around their favorite park bench), but that potential made it “badass” enough to overcome Dean’s resistance to using it.
He’s caught in a no-man’s land, he thinks, then rolls his eyes at his choice of words. He had a life he was perfectly happy with. One where he was in control. One where he called the shots. It had worked for years to keep his heart safe, and until he’d kissed Cas, he’d forgotten that his heart could do more than just simply exist in his chest. Now he can’t go back to his old life and he can’t seem to move forward. He feels stuck, spinning his wheels in a quicksand of his own making.
Dean nods, unable to make the words come out. But even as he struggles with them, he knows that it’s right. “I—“ he begins, but that’s not it. “He hurt me.” Dean can feel it all again: the terror of wondering if this would be the night, the walk across the yard, the leering face of the man who held him down and hurt him. He doesn’t know why he’s not having a panic attack about this. Terror still wrenches through his core, but for once it’s like his body isn’t trying to outrun it.
The rest of the table is digging in, so Dean picks up his burger and flicks his eyes toward Cas, who immediately tips his head just enough that Dean knows he has permission to eat.
Dean practices his breathing a little as they approach and while Cas doesn’t say anything about it, the way he lays his palm on Dean’s knee tells him that he’s noticed. When they pull up, he sees Sam sitting on the porch steps with Henry which makes Dean wonder if this is basically some sort of supervised visit. He can’t blame them if it is.
A customer pulls open the door, but Charlie finds the time to give him a sly low five before he steps out of the way.
waiting for whatever it is Cas has in store for him. Waiting until the anticipation has his nerves jangling, each sensation heightened as he becomes hyperaware of his surroundings, waiting for Cas to come to him.
“Sam, I just nearly died. You said so yourself. Whatever ceremony you have planned can happen while I’m sitting down.”
Cas slides Dean’s shirt up, letting the fabric pool around his armpits, then he pins his hands again and lowers his head to lick a line along his sternum, the skin cooling into goosebumps as the heat of Cas’s mouth moves on, slowly kissing a trail that leaves a wide berth around one nipple. It’s all Dean can do not to lift his body up to meet him, especially as he merely ghosts a hot breath over it. Dean can’t get Cas’s mouth where he wants it, but he shifts his hips up, generating a hint of friction before Cas rises up onto his knees again, leaving Dean twitching upwards against empty air.
Back in his apartment, Dean fortifies himself with some leftovers, then gets to work on his sign. He quickly finishes the Save the Drake side, then flips it over to start the one for Chrysler. He specifically didn’t mention the sign-making party to Chrysler and the omission sits a little heavy in his stomach. He tells himself it wasn’t a big deal to skip over it, probably Chrysler would’ve mentioned it to him if he’d heard about it, right? Dean’s nervous enough as it is, so this was just a way of keeping things less complicated. Had Dean mentioned it, would Chrysler have scoped out the coffee shop this afternoon trying to figure out who he was? It seems unlikely except for the fact that it’s exactly what Dean would’ve done if the situation were reversed.
Dean thinks for a moment. All of this sound and chaos should be making it worse, but it seems to have lessened. “Better, actually.” He picks up the menu. “I think I’m just hungry.”
“I’ll never tell.” Dean takes a sip. Just like his husband, it’s hot and perfect. When Cas sits back down, he pats his lap and Dean settles back in his chair as he lifts one, then the other foot to place there. Cas rubs his feet, long strokes on the underside, thumbs digging into the arch. Dean sighs. “You spoil me.”
. She turned away and walked back down to her seat, where some of the other moms were pretending not to watch.
“I see.” To Dean’s relief, he changes the subject. “So, is there something you want to do special for Christmas? It’ll be different without your brother coming home.”
Cas is pissed, no doubt about it. Dean goes into self-preservation mode, preying on his sympathies. “I was up half the night with shitty fucking nightmares, so sorry if I needed some rest.”
“It’s completely up to you,” he assures her. “But if you ever decide you want to, I’m happy to help in whatever way I can.”
When he and Dean had last spoken, that morning they’d come back from being at the emergency vet all night, he’d been so exhausted that he could barely see straight, much less think. That next day had been awful, but he’d managed to put the brakes on his spiraling thinking, getting himself up and out of bed and regaining some control. They were all small things...getting a shower, drinking some water, talking to his brother...tiny acts of self-care that put him back on the right track.
Alastair still can’t be bothered to pay attention, but Dean speaks directly to him nonetheless. “That scares me almost as much as anything you did to me. To know that you destroyed my life once was bad enough. To let you do it a second time, when I had so much more to lose… “ Dean shakes his head a little bit, dismissing the thought. “It didn’t happen. And I’m determined to make sure it never does.
“You started having trouble in school, you started fighting with everyone who wasn’t Sam. At the time I just blamed it on turning into a teenager and having come up so hard.”
Dean apparently had no such compunction. He let his leg fall against Cas’s, plucked the pencil right from his hand when he needed to use the eraser. Cas was sure Dean could feel the inappropriate attraction coming off of him like visible, rainbow-colored waves, but Dean seemed completely unbothered by his nearness. For a brief moment Cas entertained the thought that Dean might ace this final while Cas and his utter lack of focus bombed it. There probably wasn’t enough extra credit in the world to make up for the distraction of Dean Winchester.
Dean feels a little flicker of guilt, but he pushes it down. “I’ll drink to that.” They touch glasses and Dean takes a long swallow of wine. It tastes… exactly like every other wine he’s ever had. Oh well, it’ll get the job done.
It wasn’t the first time he’d said it out loud, but it was the first time since he’d moved here, and it felt right, like he’d finally unpacked his very last box and made himself completely at home. Balthazar had grinned at him and declared him
Picking up the paper, he grabs his keys and exits his apartment. The garage feels odd at night, dark and empty, every sound Dean makes echoing. The space is so familiar, but, lacking the people and commotion that liven it, it feels foreign and unknown. There’s no talking coming from the garage, no sounds of machinery or engines. There’s no Charlie behind the counter, smile bright. No scent of coffee, no chime of the bell on the door. There’s no Cas sitting at his little table, his presence drawing Dean toward him like a magnet.
“Nah, but I swear to God, this is nearly as good.” She takes in a deep breath. “I told you we’ve been having him surveilled, right? After he said that shit to you, we were able to get authorization for that.” Dean nods, this is old news. “We can confirm he hasn’t been anywhere he shouldn’t be, and he certainly hasn’t been around any kids, so that much is good.”
Dean tries for a casual shrug but his blood is running hot through his veins, wondering how this is going to play out.
Dean hurries out the door and into the lobby to find Cas waiting for the elevator. “Cas!” He turns in surprise, but his eyes go wary and he stays where he is. “Can I talk to you for a minute?”
“Dean, can you—“ Sam tosses his head to indicate Dean should get up and move to their mother’s side of the booth.
“Breakfast is served, Madame.” She wastes no time demolishing the bite he’s put in front of her, as Dean sits and watches, astonished. “You’re a weird fucking cat, you know that, right?” She looks him in the eye and flicks the lemon off her plate. “Got it. Not a garnish fan.”
As it often does, the next night finds Dean at Cas’s house. Over the past few months, Dean’s apartment has mostly become a pit stop for clean clothes and the occasional night when Cas is out of town for work. Even the contents of Dean’s kitchen have slowly migrated over, pots and pans taking up residence in the kitchen Cas mainly used for reheating takeout.  Dean likes to cook for the two of them, likes to think it balances the ledger a little bit, and honestly, it’s the least he can do. Unlike Dean’s apartment with the shitty window unit and even shittier water pressure, Cas’s house has central air, and Dean has his choice of seven different shower head configurations in the master bath. Sometimes Dean feels like he’s won a golden ticket and Cas’s house is the Wonka factory. Only instead of oompa-loompas and chocolate there’s, well, the metaphor sort of falls apart there. Point is, Dean knows just how lucky he is.
“Such attitude.” Cas switches on the radio then carefully adjusts the dial until he’s found a pop music station. Dean opens his mouth to argue but Cas shoots him a look. “Is there something you’d like to say?”
That Eileen apparently saw because she throws back her head and laughs. It leaves Dean feeling a little less self-conscious as he slides in next to his mother. Sam places his hand on Eileen’s shoulder and she settles in across from Mary.
or anything.” He glances up to see Ellen starting to open her mouth, but Bobby puts a calming hand on hers and she stops. “And it’s fine. I mean, I can handle it.”
He knows Cas said casual, but what does that really mean? He’s read those books and they’re all full of champagne toasts and carriage rides. Special chef’s tasting menus and box seats at the ballet. He takes some deep, slow breaths in through his nose and tries to remember the conversation he had with Rowena after Cas left yesterday. Even though Cas was gone, he’d pulled her into the back.
Now Benny gets to his feet as well. “Okay, look. I know you’re my boss, but you and I are friends, too, right?”
That’s when Dean realizes it’s probably more than a little creepy that he, a single man, has stopped by to watch a playground full of children. “Oh, uh. No. I just stopped to talk to
Cas continues to work as Dean applies himself to the task, untangling chains of clips as he sifts through them to make neat, coordinated piles. Now, when Cas holds out a carrot or a cracker, Dean takes them readily, letting his lips brush over Cas’s fingers. He allows Cas to smooth his hair, unconsciously leaning toward him to prolong the contact.
“It doesn’t seem right that Cas missed the Fourth of July party,” Dean said one afternoon a few days later when they were waiting out a rain shower on Cas’s porch.
He picks up the card for the realtor that he pulled off the bulletin board at the Nail ’n’ Ale. There’s really no point in putting it off any longer. Once it’s on the market, he’ll pack up his things and clear out so that the house can be shown without any trace of him ever having been there. He takes out his phone and starts to dial, but stops halfway through.
He’s standing in front of the bathroom mirror trying to tame his hair when he hears a knock on his door. Balthazar is a few minutes late, but Cas has been so busy getting ready that he almost didn’t notice. Wiping his sweaty hands on a towel, he hurries to answer the door. When he does, Balthazar is leaning against the door frame looking polished and sophisticated as ever. He’s holding a gift bag with perfectly arranged tissue paper peeking out of the top.
“I was so scared because he took me there. I never saw him outside of the garage but he put me in his car and took me there.”
Cas appears on his screen and Dean is momentarily struck speechless. His hair looks like he just got out of bed and, even over video, Dean finds his hand twitching, aching to smooth it down.
“I’ll make it work. You know me.” He stretches exaggeratedly. “I really need to get some shuteye.” He turns to make for the door, but she steps into his path, hands firmly planted on her hips.
Go hug a tree. It’ll get you just as far. I hope they build a Starbucks there. This is what happens when you show faggot movies.
Cas sat rigidly, not speaking or eating, for the rest of lunch. His friends talked around him, trying to include him and break the tension, but Cas couldn’t hear anything but the blood pounding in his ears. He was out of his seat at the first sound of the bell, darting for the door. He heard Charlie call his name, but he didn’t stop. Dean must’ve heard him coming because he turned toward him and Cas could swear a flicker of something crossed his face, but then that cocky grin was there again.
Cas smiles as they cross toward the workshop. “Ok, there’s hay in here so really all you need to do is put out some water.” He roots around until he finds a metal bowl on a shelf. “This should do. And I assume this is the blanket Rufus used for her.” He hands Dean the bowl and shakes out a blanket that was under the bowl, setting it carefully down in the corner. Georgina takes a mouthful of hay and settles herself down onto it. “Between all of her caretakers, she gets a pretty balanced diet.”
“Only Dean is,” Cas says lightly, his hand casually but unmistakably drifting to his neckline as he looks at Dean.
“Get on the bed,” Cas commands, but with his eyes blindfolded, Dean’s not exactly sure which direction to go. He starts to get to his feet, but Cas swings the paddle again. “I didn’t say get up.”
