--Miss you.
“Hi.”
Sherlock revelled in how John always made him feel cherished throughout every minute of their lovemaking. He always moved so very carefully, gently; never asking for more than Sherlock could give. In no way did sex with John remind Sherlock of Mr Middlehurst and his damned secluded storeroom full of world maps and planetary models. Sherlock had managed to largely overwrite and delete his traumatic childhood memory and replace it with John. But he still needed to
He’d gone so far as to create a Twitter account (and actually post a fair number of tweets on it, to make it believable) in order to cover up his continuous texting with the various UK police forces, solving crimes left and right that he suspected Mary might have been involved in, hoping in that way to eventually catch her in his net.
* * * * *
John spent most of the time lying either in bed or on the sofa, which, however, didn’t prevent him from playing with Rosie. She especially liked to look at her board books while sitting on his stomach, and often fell asleep there, lying cosily on top of him, together with her merman toy.
“Listen, don’t ever dress up as a woman again, alright?” he giggled. “It’s… unsettling.”
want to... get inside you, believe me. God, I can’t image a single thing that’s hotter,” he said, his voice slightly shaky. Then he exhaled slowly, steadying his breath. “But at the same time, if you didn’t want to do it, that would be
“Don’t--” John holds up his hand – less steadily than he’d hoped. “Don’t you
Extraordinary, how his brother lived in a world of images, with a complete lack of context or additional information. Presumably, he saw things on television or in books, but did he know that the desert was hot? That the panda he’d painted earlier was on the verge of extinction?
, Mrs. Hudson,” Sherlock snapped through gritted teeth. “That’s what the skull is for.
There was something desperate about Sherlock, something John had never seen in him before. Almost pleading, submissive. And it was breathtakingly beautiful.
He hurried down the stairs, which was quite a challenge in itself, what with none of the steps staying in place. “Stop. Wait!”
She gently put a hand over his, and he finally allowed his face to break into the big smile that was insisting to be there, on full display, and which she mirrored.
Now the question was how malignant she was, exactly. This could still be relatively harmless, he told himself. Nothing but an immensely inappropriate prank. No reason to immediately assume the worst.
Of course, he deserved to suffer, so it was kind of cathartic in that sense.
“But the day she found out that he allowed me to drink with him at the age of fourteen – behind Mum’s back, of course – was the day she became so angry with him that she broke off all contact,” Harry had told John. “That’s why we never saw her again.”
Sherlock had already tossed himself off once, as soon as he had gotten undressed, and now, as he lay awake, considered doing it again, but decided against it. He was too distracted by his own thoughts.
It was a ridiculous story, but they’d had very little time to come up with something, so it would have to do.
“I’ll take that as a yes,” John eventually mumbled with a big smile against Sherlock’s mouth.
The clock ticked.
“I will. Thanks,” Sherlock said again, aggravated at how small his voice sounded.
had a lot on his mind at that moment.)
John swallowed, trying to make this ridiculous smile go away, which he realised had been plastered onto his face for far too long. “Whatever it is you’re referring to… No one is supposed to
But he didn’t dare to.
“Do you sing to her, John? You have to sing to her.”
There was no malice in his gaze, no threat. Just neutral observation.
He quietly went to the bedroom, where John was having another rest. Sherlock stood in front of his disguise wardrobe – containing a large and varied collection of stuff from all sorts of charity shops – and tried to choose an appropriate outfit for someone of his age illegally putting up posters around the city. He picked a checked shirt that was too big and a pair of red jeans that had seen better days. Then he took out a wig with short, spikey, white-blond hair, holding it all in front of him as he looked in the mirror.
Catching Mary (Rosamund) in the act had never worked, but with Culverton Smith, Sherlock was determined to make it work.
“You’re not what I expected,” Faith said, behind him. “You’re…”
He smiled as well.
, and
“Well, I suppose the question now is: what do we do next?”
.” He was positively trembling now, rage uncontrollably building up inside him, but with no one there to aim it at. “Does he even know--”
For some reason, John seemed to find this funny, and he relaxed a little.
“He paints beautifully, you know. Really quite remarkable. We’ve had to hire another store room for all the new works he’s produced.”
“Because of the one impossible thing you’ve said,” he continued.
She tried to smile and lifted her chin. “Sorry, I don’t know why I’m telling you all this. It has nothing to do with the case, of course.” She cleared her throat, looking towards the door, her face flushed.
John chortled. “Alright. It would definitely be
“You know what else you are, besides stunningly clever?” John said, his voice a little hoarse.
John looked back at him.
As they walked past quaysides, wooden churches and impressive rock formations, thinking about dead dogs and dead criminals from Moriarty’s network – the latter being the reason they travelled all the way here – John automatically pictured his late assassin wife walking these very streets last April. But this spirit-like appearance, wandering about in his imagination, projected onto the surroundings, did not stir any emotions in him. Rather, it detached her further from his life. As if he was finally properly leaving her memory behind here, in Norway, walking away from him in the distance, until she finally disappeared.
And Sherlock, of course.
John looked at the incoming number. Mycroft.
“Please, just
“Good. I will, first thing in the morning.”
They sat next to each other for a while, each with their own thoughts.
Just like which genes you inherited and which you didn’t.
As soon as John went into ‘care mode’, he felt calm again.
Rose had already married his love interest, and still Sherlock Holmes was coping relatively well. What was the baby going to add to that? It was no fun merely seeing Sherlock gradually wither away with heartbreak, as had been the case until now (and annoyingly slowly, at that).
If you should like to reblog the above picture to your tumblr,
John stared down at the jagged red rug on the floor between him and the woman.
“You don’t know Faith. You simply do not.”
, despite the state he was in?
Sherlock sat and stared at Redbeard. Or rather, at the lifelike painting of him, made by the man who’d murdered him 34 years ago.
“Hello?” a little girl’s voice said.
“God.” John stared blindly ahead of him, his mouth agape. “That must have been… an incredibly horrific trauma to process.”
Sherlock was soon contributing to the rhythm, panting into John’s neck – first sleepily, then more and more energetically, clearly having woken up properly thanks to all the action suddenly taking place.
“That was… good,” Sherlock said.
Warning: This chapter also contains two wonderful but (in one case) very
The first time she had supposedly died, it had all been a setup, of course. Molly still remembered the night the body had been brought in. Christmas 2010. Almost five years ago. (A horrible evening for so many reasons, the least of which being the Christmas party at Sherlock and John’s getting cut short by that lady’s body having been found. Molly had been glad to get away, really, after the horrible way Sherlock had humiliated her with the deduction about her present earlier that same evening.) That time, the DNA records had been forged and the lady on the slab had only been a cleverly selected lookalike (with a conveniently bashed up face), fooling even Sherlock.
!” Stepping forward, Sherlock looked at his watch and then at Smith. “Nineteen and a half minutes.”
Eurus switched off the telly and wiped a towel across her forehead as she got off the exercise bike.
“I’m not telling you.”
So that had attracted a bit of an audience, which was nice.
“Once. Long time ago. Apparently, I passed rather well. I think Lestrade still has a picture on his phone.”
Sherlock nodded eagerly as he tried to kiss John at the same time, almost bumping their chins and noses and making them laugh through the tension.
So was this shrew still working together with her other brother, the actor – who had so mysteriously vanished despite an MI5 Grade Four surveillance status – to continue Jim’s legacy of
When Sherlock laughed, John started to chuckle also.
Restored bonds all over.
He texted Sherlock.
Sherlock Holmes, because in all honesty, you don’t look anything like him!” Then at John, “Are you
Sherlock instantly came over to put his arms around him.
“I see,” Sherlock muttered, attempting a small smile.
Sherlock knew that John might any moment be able to feel his arousal and he started to feel awkward about it again. Even if they were possibly going to have sex at some point, now was not the time.
, right? He’ll be back. And at least, for
Finally, John was learning what it truly meant not only to love, but to trust, fully and completely.
“Okay. Great. I’ll text to let you know what time Sarah is prepared to set me loose,” John grinned.
“I sent a text from your phone, remember? It was read almost immediately. Factoring in a degree of shock, an emotional decision and a journey time based on the associated address, I’d say that your life as you know it has twenty minutes left to run.” Sherlock checked his watch again. “Well, no, seventeen and a half, to be precise, but I rounded up for dramatic effect, so please do show us your favourite room.” He walked closer to Smith, glaring at him intensely. “It’ll give you a chance to say...
After Sherlock had come back to his senses and John was lying cuddled up next to him, John jokingly teased, “So which Janine sucked you off better, eh?”
John glanced at him with something of a mischievous smile, or perhaps even a triumphant one. Before Sherlock had time to think any more, John opened his mouth and took him in, making Sherlock’s brain short-circuit. He was vaguely aware of a variety of unfamiliar noises coming from his own throat and this time, when John looked at him, Sherlock was certain he saw an unabashedly victorious grin on the doctor’s flushed face.
had been there.
“Well, you were dreaming. But yeah, it sounded somewhat… disturbing,” he admitted. “Then again, your own therapist shooting you during a session would have that effect on you, wouldn’t it?”
Sorry about what?”
Anything.
From then on, Sherlock went to visit Sherrinford twice a week, sometimes together with John, and they would spend a couple of hours drawing together, in silence, just being in each other’s company.
He missed him so much.
were a couple, what with the way you were clinging to one another when you came in, ha!” She laughed out loud at the notion.
“You can prepare me by inserting one finger, with an ample amount of lubricant, then two fingers.”
Sherlock stopped in his tracks and turned around.
The third bed was unmade altogether. Its occupant probably never returned after finding out his one remaining dorm mate was missing, having left to alert the teachers.
Sherlock and John had been lucky enough to spot them before they were discovered themselves.
“But there is no confession to listen to!” Smith stopped and gasped, holding up his hands. “Oh, Mr Holmes. I… I don’t know if this is relevant, but we found three potential recording devices in the pockets of your coat. Um, all your possessions were searched. Sorry.”
“Nicer.”
The nurse seemed happy. She checked John’s vitals and made notes. John faintly decided to let her, as he had no energy to resist.
Sherlock snuggled up close to him, pulling the blankets higher over the both of them, and drifted back off into a calmer sleep.
The men grinned.
They all gathered round to see – Sherrinford clearly very reluctantly.
, never mind being locked into a small space with a bunch of strangers.
“All those things you’ve told me right now,” John said, eventually, “wouldn’t it be a good idea to tell him? In order to – I don’t know – make amends? Or at least find some common ground?”
Sherlock handed the little creature to John so as to have his hands free to be able to sign, and walked over to his youngest brother. “May I ask,” Sherlock signed, “Since you are an expert on appropriate names, what do you think about ‘Blackbeard’ as a name for this little dog?”
They both chuckled.
He opened the daybook on the desk, struggling once more to understand what it said. Besides deciphering the shopkeeper’s writing, he also had to figure out the meaning of the codes and numbers in and above the various columns.
- - fin - -
John hugged Sherlock a fraction tighter, desperately trying not to grind into his thigh. He only wriggled his hips a bit to accommodate his erection, but it woke Sherlock up all the same.
Chestnut colour and grass. And some flowers.
Thank god. No signs of regret; John seemed his completely normal, genial self. Well, except for the presence of a significant twinkle in his eyes.
Sherrinford did not think about it for long.
“Christ, Sherlock, I want you so badly, you’ve no idea, but--”
What he did purposely become better at, though, was understanding his brother, learning his habits and preferences, and making him feel more at ease in his presence.
John seemed determined, and undeterred by unconventional measures. For instance, the bastard had tricked Sherlock into enjoying certain board games, by playing them with steaming mugs at their side and nice, calm but uplifting classical music in the background, so that all Sherlock’s barriers were down and he felt relatively content and at ease. As a consequence, he now kept finding himself wanting to play Carcassonne and Stratego with all his babysitters, as he called them.
A breeze picked up, as the conversation they’d had over a year ago echoed in his mind.
He probably had to work at the surgery today. Sherlock had to think really hard to remember what day it was. Thursday. June 18. Somehow, that date rang a bell somewhere at the very back of his mind. Wasn’t he supposed to be somewhere that day? What kind of appointment could he have made for a Thursday mid-June?
“Lowey!” she yelled again, pointing at their lunch.
“Vivian Norbury. We need to speak with her.”
A little shyly, Sherrinford turned the canvas around to face them and handed it to Sherlock.
Sherrinford had suffered horrible tantrums when he was little. He’d used to throw toys and food around the room in his frenzies, terrorising the entire household. He’d used to scream so loudly it almost gave the rest of them hearing damage as well. One day, he’d swung an axe at Redbeard, and then put a skipping rope around Sherlock’s neck, almost choking him to death.
And then, to Sherlock’s astonishment, John pushed his chair backwards, stood up, grabbed Sherlock’s shoulders and kissed him.
* * * * *
There was no one else there.
turning out to be a fake as well! God, I can’t imagine the trauma. And her shooting you on top of that, it’s more than any sane person would be able to handle, John. You deserve a break. A proper break.”
“Oh yeah? What was the biggest, then?” John had asked, lightly.
The side walls had white wallpaper, covered with trendy, pale blue circles. Opposite the bed, there was a large wood panel attached a couple of inches in front of the wall, curving over into the room at the top, with lights shining around the edges. A light near the bed shone on a drip stand.
No one to help him figure out how to walk the fine line between trust and suspicion, on which he had recently so decisively failed to keep his balance.
“Hmm. Was there anything, anything at all, that seemed odd or unexplainable in the context of things?”
There was a short silence, during which Sherlock tried to swallow a couple of times, to no avail, seeing as his mouth was suddenly inexplicably dry. His eyes, for some reason, refused to focus on John and he didn’t have the willpower to do anything about it, so he looked at random patches of kitchen table while he thought of what to say next. He should probably explain. “Mrs. Hudson suggested I stop trying to hide my feelings all the time, from you at least, anyway, and…”
When the noises started to die down, he got out of bed and sauntered into the kitchen.
Janine could feel her skin flushing as she suddenly became aware of their shallow breaths – which involuntarily stirred something deep inside her – and she smiled inwardly at the realisation that they were probably deliberately keeping it down for
He studied the live feed again to properly observe what was happening, trying not to focus on the obvious.
Then it occurred to him again.
“Sometimes,” Sherlock said, smiling tightly, not quite looking at him. “It sounded a bit like you were in the middle of an action movie. And a pretty scary one.”
John swallowed hard, then fervently pulled Sherlock close to him, burying his face in Sherlock’s neck, while his fingers clutched Sherlock’s back. “Christ, Sherlock,” he panted.
So he latched his mouth onto John’s neck and kissed him, tasted his skin and swirled his tongue to the rhythm of his thrusts.
“Won’t you get fed up with me?”
“Freak alert!” she hollered. “Here he comes!” The sunlight bounced off her dark plaits as she ran backwards ahead of him, facing him. “I bet you’ve never even kissed a girl, have you? Ha! Do you wanna know what it’s like? Do you wanna kiss
One of the things he would never understand about women was why they freely chose to wear shoes that stopped all circulation in their feet. Or maybe he’d just chosen the wrong model. Either way, he was uncomfortable.
As he waits at the bar for their glasses to be filled, he once more considers his options with his flatmate. Some of those options fall in the ‘wise and sensible things to do’ category, and others in the ‘I don’t care and just want to get off with Sherlock Holmes,
Sherlock nodded and shrugged. “Okay.”
By that point, when she still kept feeding the dog, he tried to take the packet from her by force.
John took a foil tray with chow mein out of one of the plastic bags and started to eat. He would be of no use with an empty stomach anyway. He shoved another tray and a set of chopsticks towards Sherlock, who didn’t seem to notice.
When he woke up the next morning, his arm still on Sherlock’s chest, he gratefully drank in the sight of Sherlock peacefully sleeping a hair’s breadth away from him. He smiled at the thought that he would likely not soon get used to this kind of view. Then he closed his eyes again, not wanting to wake Sherlock just yet.
Ten minutes later, he had successfully hacked Violet’s mailbox, using a trick he’d recently asked a programmer to teach him in exchange for verifying his alibi in a murder case. Then he typed an e-mail from her account to Bob.
For twenty years, Sherlock Holmes had been nothing but a story, a myth, and Jim had become steadily more and more busy running his empire from the centre of his clever web.
He’d stoically ignored her and kept walking.
“Fire extinguisher,” Greg pointed, panting.
He then brought it up to his nose to smell. Linseed oil. And some other indistinct cooking odours.
He looked at the fishing boats on the horizon, pointing them out to Chloe, as Sherlock valiantly plucked on, softly cursing every so often.
* * * * *
“Oh, er, yes, just around that corner. Turn left and then straight on,” Harry pointed.
was in it?
“It’s just turbulence. It’s nothing to worry about.”
A monitor beeped.
, Culverton Smith grumbled,
them about us?” He took a small but menacing step towards his brother. “How
Sherlock smirked, valiantly attempting not to roll his eyes. Then, he added, “Just in case, let’s give her some of these leftover pastries as an additional peace offering for the fuss we caused by attracting another hardened criminal to her premises.”
Sherlock and John were not in the middle of an experiment. (At least, Greg prayed to god that wasn’t what this was.)
He wanted to say the words, but they wouldn’t come. His mouth was dry.
All he could do was hope that this David bastard with whom Mary had cheated on him – obviously unprotected as she had managed to get pregnant –  wasn’t the type to collect body fluid contagions from across London. Anyway, he would soon find out.
So was it okay to lay down next to him, Sherlock wondered? He had no idea about relationship etiquette.
“I’m really sorry, honey. I should have closed the window first when I put everything on the windowsill. You know what, how about we go to the city centre this afternoon and have a look at Harrod’s to find you a new one?” There was a short silence. “I know it won’t be the same, but still. It’s the only way I can try to make it up. We need to get out of the house, anyway, have some fun. And the doctor said it wouldn’t do you any good sitting still all the time anyway. You need to practice walking more. Alright?”
Sherlock looked at the second painting again, of Sherrinford so very carefully shielding his little brother from the rain. The running nanny was a caricature of fury and anger.
John put a hand on Sherlock’s chest, slowly tracing invisible patterns with his fingers. It felt oddly calming.
The moment they smiled at each other – first just with their eyes and a second later with their entire faces – it was as if a bright ray of sunshine slashed right through John, making the butterflies frantically spread all over his limbs. Sherlock’s smile had a timid edge to it that John had very rarely seen before and which made it all the more endearing, causing John to soon look away with flushed cheeks.
Btw I wasn’t sure if I should tag this ‘graphic depictions of violence’. There is brief mention of extreme violence in this chapter, but as it’s not graphically depicted in any sort of detail, I decided not to tag the whole fic as such, but to just mention it here in the notes.
Sherlock’s heart hammered in his chest. “Well, you must be thrilled to see us like this,” he said, trying to sound casual. He knew he looked like shit, after three nights of virtually no sleep. “You feed off of this, don’t you.”
When she was done doing whatever it was she’d been doing, she flicked a switch near the door and the lights above the ceiling panel went out. When she opened the door to leave, Sherlock spotted a police officer standing watch outside. Then the nurse closed the door behind her.
John slowly bent over Sherlock’s lean body and peppered his torso with loving kisses, biting and licking as he went along. By now, he was impossibly hard, but once they were at the point of almost doing it, John always found he could stall for time and heighten the suspense.
Fireworks pretty.
“It’s all going to be fine,” John whispered. “Just fine.”
“John, will you marry me?”
“Yeah, and she had nice boobs, didn’t she, Rob?” the second one teased.
“I... er... had been planning to.”
For the first time, he was at least willing to try.
He should most definitely leave this room, these halls of residence, this campus, and go home. At once.
Unusual. Still, he didn’t really feel like delving into it. Too tired.
While they were stuck in traffic with their cab, Sherlock let out a long sigh, before stating, “If it was a mud stain, there is a good chance that this murder will never get solved. That bruise was my last clue.”
fingers. I want
Hope you enjoy it, nevertheless.
But it would have to wait. For how long, nobody knew.
“Well, it must have either been agreed explicitly or they will simply lose interest in pursuing her. Or at least, Jack will.”
rejected solutions increased correspondingly. “And it wouldn’t do to replace them with dummies, unless the uncle dies and the money gets transferred to her before she finds out about the dummies, which seems extremely unlikely.”
“At least that was the last time he stabbed someone to death for their wallet and phone,” John said, his smile exchanged for grim earnestness.
As John started to cut the cake into generous pieces, Mike Stamford came in, too. “Happy birthday, John!” He was carrying a present. “This is from all of us.”
Sherlock rose to stand behind him and peered over John’s shoulder at the cake. It had white, swirly letters of icing spelling out ‘
Sherlock appeared upset. Desperate. Even his hands were shaking. “You’ve
“I told you not to carry your handbag on your left shoulder,” was all Sherlock had said when he’d found her on his doorstep, before stepping aside with a slight eye roll and a smirk to let her in.
John did notice that his voice kept trembling a little, subtle as it was.
Sherlock was mildly surprised when suddenly there was a client standing in the room. He hadn’t had any of those in a while.
* * * * *
Smith stumbled on the spot, staring at the recording device, his face full of despair.
at him.” He gestured towards Sherlock. Looking back to John, he held up two fingers on his right hand. “There are two possible explanations for what’s going on ’ere,” he said, heatedly. “Either I’m a serial killer... or Sherlock Holmes is off his tits on drugs, hmm? Delusional paranoia about a public personality? That’s not so special. It’s not even new!”
Another thing they adapted to was publicly being out as a couple, which was both glorious and a nuisance, as it had led to quite a lot of attention from the media. John had persuaded Sherlock to agree to at least one interview, to the Guardian, to provide some positive LGBTQ representation in a world that could definitely still use some. And Sherlock had to say that, to his surprise, most responses to that article had been very positive.
John shook his head, grinning. “So now what?”
He finally understood why Sherlock liked to bottom so much.
He wondered if anyone had ever devoted any research to the matter.
Although Mycroft didn’t join in – obviously – he interestingly didn’t seem to find it awkward either. He just looked on, smiling, openly showing how genuinely happy he was for his little brother – a somewhat unusual state to witness. “Time for the most important present!” Mycroft then called, gesturing to Sherrinford that now was the moment to go and fetch something from the hallway.
“Well, I’m sure there’s a reasonable explanation,” Mycroft said.
? You’re one of
Sherlock was making a show out of accurately imitating all their voices, causing the corners of John’s mouth to twitch, in spite of his fever.
As did the indoor swimming pool and sauna.
too long, wasn’t I? Daddy had to stay at the hospital for a bit. But thankfully Sherlock and his brother arranged for this lovely lady to look after you. Did you enjoy tha--?” Only then did he actually look at the woman, and he fell silent, dumbstruck. Her hair was blond and in a bob cut and her style of clothes was, well, somewhat different from when he’d last seen her, but it was unmistakably her. “Irene Adler?!” he exclaimed. “
Finally, the speech centre in Sherlock’s brain caught up with the rest of his grey matter.
“Sometimes,” John lied.
against them – though in a quite different and hopefully more productive way than Shakespeare had intended.
When they arrived in Clapham, they hung up a couple of posters on unused doors and derelict walls, before heading to the location where Eurus was known to squat.
* * * * *
The truth was, despite his rather impressive inventiveness as far as imagining possible scenarios of all sorts was concerned, Mycroft had a hard time coming to terms with the fact that this was actually his brother on the video image now burnt onto his retina. He’d never seen him like this, or even imagined he could be like this: with his guard down completely and enjoying something so unrestrainedly; readily surrendering himself to another person and allowing himself to be carried away to such extent. John Watson had miraculously chosen to shower his little brother with love and care and Sherlock, astonishingly, was accepting it, basking in it, even.
His aunt had made an incredible sacrifice, too, but – as remarkable and amazing as that was – she was, of course, a blood relative.
The next day, Christmas morning, they felt even worse than the day before. The three of them formed a chorus of coughs and sneezes and were now leaving trails of used tissues in little heaps around the flat, like giant snowflakes among the Christmas decorations.
When Chloe indicated she was tired of sitting on John’s arm and being in the middle of the embrace, John put her down to crawl around the floor by herself, and kissed Sherlock on the lips.
Angelo swallowed away a painful lump in his throat as he reached for the coffee cups without really seeing.
Sherlock smiled and closed his eyes again.
“Well,” John said.
What was it again John had said? Something about Mary. She was dead, wasn’t she?
Sherlock tried a reassuring smile and imagined he saw a faint version mirrored in his sibling.
. That meant he would have no trouble actually getting admitted to the hospital this afternoon.
“Don’t worry,” John said, “I know it’s a bit too early to propose to you to get married…” He tilted his head and huffed out a bright smile. “… but in the meantime, there is something else I want to propose to you. And I’m sure that Chloe would totally agree, if she could talk about such things.” His hands trembled a little as he carefully lifted the lid off the box Chloe was holding. “Yes, let’s give it to Sherlock now,” he whispered to her, and helped her hold out the opened box in Sherlock’s direction. John’s eyes crinkled as Chloe showed Sherlock the contents.
“Here’s some tea for you. That’s lovely, isn’t it? Especially with this weather. It’s proper chilly! It’s not even September yet! Crazy stuff. Although it
He dragged a hand over his face and re-evaluated the phone conversation he’d just had.
“That pearl being inside one of the Thatcher busts and AJ taking it with him from the Sandefords’ house in Reading last April was classified information. You wouldn’t just tell anyone,” he said, looking at Greg. “But it’s been keeping you awake at night, and that’s when you told her. Because she was in your bed. Or you in hers.”
Sherlock looked up. “
“Well… So... How was your date with that guy from Tinder? Kevin?” he said, blinking rapidly, still not looking Janine in the eye.
Ever since Sherlock Holmes had entered her brother’s sights, though – shortly after the Powers incident – and Jim had persuaded their dad that he definitely needed to join that one martial arts club at the other end of London (which was conveniently in the same street as where the Holmeses lived), Sherlock had become an inseparable part of his life, and therefore of her life as well. She could safely say Jim had been obsessed with Sherlock.
By the time the batter for the cake was ready, and Mummy was ladling it into the springform, Sherlock ventured to remark, “I’ve visited Sherrinford a couple of times this summer. For the first time in 34 years.”
“It’s actually… Molly Hooper.”
Smith huffed out a laugh. “You know what? I’m getting a little impatient.” He bent to the foot of the bed and pressed a button on the side, so that the top of the bed lowered down to the horizontal position.
It was as if everything between them was different now, even though nothing had changed.
The look on Sherlock’s face was initially one of pure shock. Then, slowly, his eyes softened and his breathing returned, in the form of several relieved-sounding huffs directed left and right. He smiled and bit his lip for a short moment, before he gleefully exclaimed “yes!” His expression was still jumping from happy to incredulous and back, as he added quietly, “If you’re really sure, that is, then yes, I will definitely marry you, John.”
. He still couldn’t quite believe it.
Faith let out a nervous laugh and Smith was still chuckling.
Sherlock noticed that John appeared decidedly more sober than before. Sex seemed to have increased his alcohol dehydrogenase metabolism.
Another memory popped into his head from a few months later: John not responding when Irene had implied to him she was in love with Sherlock – despite her usually not being into men like that –and telling John ‘
Even Mycroft joined them to briefly stroke its head.
Mycroft looked at him with an alarmed frown. “Is that how you look back on your childhood?” he asked, clearly a little baffled.
’, as Mycroft referred to him. Your other brother.”
When he opened his eyes, a while later, he was still in the mortuary, but on a stretcher, nurses flocking around him.
They all smiled.
John had never felt so possessive of someone before. But maybe it was because of having seen Sherlock, who was always so very composed in this respect, become completely undone beneath him (and above him, alongside him; frankly in every thinkable position it was technically possible to give a hand- or blowjob in): it was simply the most exquisite thing in the world to see this genius being reduced to incoherent moans and whimpers, surrendering himself completely to John.
After a minute of getting lost in the press of each other’s lips, they disengaged and looked at each other in stunned wonder.
But rest assured that they are written, only in the process of beta'ing. This is not one of those never-ending WIPs. ;)
But she seemed to pop up in conversation again and again, like there was no avoiding her. He’d incorrectly presumed she was out of his life, when he’d buried her ashes. But she kept haunting him, it seemed, surfacing in unexpected places. Or at least, some sort of innocent version of her, who was supposed to be mourned and missed.
“Then you can keep your scars. I want to see your handbag.”
“It’s okay,” she said. “It’s okay to love him and to be scared. But you’ve been scared for such a long time, and it breaks my heart. You’re so afraid to lose him, that it’s almost like… a self-fulfilling prophecy. If you don’t lose him to this bullet, then
“Christ,” John breathed, looking a bit startled. “Are you… Are you sure?”
Even though his mind was induced into the same foggy state heroin usually caused him to slip into, Sherlock managed to connect a few loose threads and deduce what was happening.
“I’ll be the judge of that. How did you meet?”
John crawled down, covering Sherlock’s chest in kisses, making him writhe at each touch.
Sherlock stared at it for a few moments, unable to move.
John stared back at him, unmoved – at first. And then, as John allowed Mycroft’s implications to properly sink in, it finally, slowly, began to dawn on John how important he
John sighed, as he thought about his crazy best friend.
He didn’t care how ridiculous he looked when he finally put the dress on. All that mattered was the promise in Sherlock’s filthy smirk.
Sherlock briefly threw him a look. “But it’s more about how he did it.”
“Yes, she does. She likes it so much she wants to look at it every day,” Sherlock answered, signing and speaking simultaneously. “And also wants to pay you for it.”
“Saheed,” Smith said.
Wouldn’t it be nice if Mycroft sent John to check on him, he mused. Technically, they weren’t supposed to talk to each other just yet, but
“But John--”
? Good thing I’m the only one in the world, then.” At that, he started softly kissing John’s neck, letting his hands roam down John’s front.
Immediately, a second text came in from the same number.
(See the end of the chapter for
But then Sherlock pushed himself off of the table and turned to face him. “John, I want to look you in the eye while we do it,” he said quietly, touching his forehead to John’s.
John sat down next to him on the sofa and picked up his mug, taking a careful sip.
After a short while, Sherlock broke off the kiss, seemingly in need of more oxygen than had been available with their mouths locked.
They were staying at a slightly fancier hotel than their previous ones, because it was their last stop and also because there actually were fancier hotels in Trondheim than there had been in the little villages they had stayed in until now.
He needed to get rid of her. He didn’t want a case. He wanted to be left alone again.
“Of course I am, silly. I thought we’d settled this a long time ago.” John playfully rolled his eyes. “But if you want more proof, I’ll give you proof,” he said, darkly. “Come here.” And with a mischievous grin, he pulled Sherlock into the bedroom with him and resolutely closed the door behind them.
That evening, in bed, John cried properly, sobbing into Sherlock’s embrace – the cracks in the metaphorical volcano having become wide-open crevices no longer keeping back anything at all – as his lover held his shaking body.
When Sherlock finally did fall asleep, his dreams were restless and strange. After a frantic chase where Edith Beverly was running after him through the streets of Toulouse with a French baguette in her hand from which she fired shots at him, he was suddenly back at Baker Street, though not in 221B, but in the 221C flat, in the basement. The room he was in, however, looked very much like the bedroom at 221B. The bed was definitely identical. He was in the bed, with John, and Sherlock was lying on top of him. The next moment, John’s legs were spread wide on either side of his own and he was inside of John, topping for the first time. Instantly, he was frantically slamming into him, without restraint. It felt fantastic. Sherlock realised he wasn’t being careful the way John always was, but he seemed unable to do anything about it. He looked up and found to his horror that John’s face was contorted in pain, but still he didn’t know how to stop, or even slow down. John cried out, and the next thing he knew Sherlock was falling into a burning abyss, falling and falling, his arms flapping wildly in a way that felt scarily familiar and real, his coat and scarf billowing frantically behind him, on fire, as he crashed onto the rocks of hell beneath and he was reduced to dust and nothingness.
“You came to save me, once more, John,” Sherlock said, in front of Molly, Greg, and Mrs Hudson, who had come too. “I never even properly thanked you for that. Still working on my social skills. So this is to say thank you and happy birthday.”
While he tried to sleep, there was one sentence from his sister’s e-mail, however, that kept playing through his head. ‘I wish I had someone like you have. Someone who thinks you are the world to them, and who radiates happiness already for the simple fact that you exist.’
“He’s right,” Sherlock signed.
After the revelation of sex turning out to be something that he could most definitely get used to, he now found that having John in his bed with him, fast asleep and looking so peaceful, was a whole new category of wonderful.
, with as much or as little detail as
“Go? You don’t have to go.” Sherlock let the hand holding the new bottle drop to his side. “You can stay the night here if you like.” He cleared his throat, looking at the floor. “Actually, John, I want you to know you’re very welcome to move back in with me, if that’s what you’d like. In fact, I would appreciate that very much.” For several seconds his lower lip didn’t seem to know what to do with itself, before he continued, almost in a whisper. “I’ve missed this... you.”
“For an ad campaign.” John looked uncomfortable.
in his life.
This was all rather amusing.
“You’re not objecting?” John had asked, double-checking.
Falling blossoms were gently descending on him in the light breeze when he rang the doorbell to the rather run-down apartment building. John was momentarily confused when the door opened to reveal a lanky, strawberry-blond boy whom he estimated to be in his late teens or very early twenties at the most. Did one of them have a son who lived with them? “Hi. John Watson. I’m investigating the disappearance of Arthur Beverly and Steve Meredith on behalf of Baron Beverly. Is it alright if I come in?”
Sherlock steepled his fingers, pressing them against his lips, while he processed all the information.
never to do drugs again. Not even for a case. Just… never. I promise, John. Please forgive me.”
“Glad? Why?”
She still wanted to continue burning the heart out of the arrogant posh brat at some point, but only once he’d properly found it. That was, if John survived.
“I have to admit, I must agree on that,” John said, edging closer.
When John approached him on his way towards the door, Sherlock grabbed him by the hips and looked him in the eye, declaring half-earnestly, “If it’s not, I can’t vouch for my behaviour when I find out.”
Oh, and I changed the therapist’s first name to Elsa, as swissmissing pointed out to me that that is what she is called in
Had Sherrinford intentionally hurt him, or had it been an accident, somehow?
Opening his legs like this felt like surrendering, like welcoming something he was no longer afraid of. John felt light and heavy at the same time. Suddenly, everything was fine.
While he had the most wonderful memories of their first night together, he did frequently think back in bewilderment about Sherlock’s initial suggestion to actually shag, and John was still rather puzzled as to why Sherlock had insisted when he was so obviously uncomfortable about it. But in the end they’d had amazing sex anyway without penetration, and ever since, John felt as if he was floating a foot above the ground.
this to you?”
Greg and John leaned over to look at the screen, which was showing a news bulletin.
“Murders are boring, John. Compared to our wedding, at least.”
“Ah, yes. Of course. Um. I would go there myself and visit her on your behalf,” Sherlock said, “if I didn’t think it extremely unwise to leave you here alone with just one guard. But what I can do is call her, if you like.”
Upstairs, he was glad to find Sherlock in the middle of a case: papers scattered all over the flat, pictures of a girl and three men pinned to the wall and Sherlock himself in his pyjamas and dressing gown. He had obviously been inside all day, racking his brain over all the details of the facts surrounding his latest mystery.
After a while, Sherlock withdrew his hand to lube up the dildo.
How could he, Consulting Detective, have let his mind be blinded completely by one false assumption?
“Everyone out,” the creep ordered.
John was wonderful. Brilliant. Spectacular. Made him feel things he’d never felt before.
“Have you heard of that thing, in Germany?” Craig had asked Sherlock, after he’d helped him trace both the origin and the destinations of the busts in question.
Was this just Sherlock manipulating him for some purpose? Like he had done with Janine: proposing to her just to get into Magnussen’s office?
It was imperative for him to keep a weather eye on Sherlock, with the number of maniac criminal masterminds whose attention his brother managed to attract and who invariably ended up obsessing over him with their malicious plans. Although there was no need for Sherlock to know that Mycroft did this, of course. He wouldn’t understand his concerns anyway.
enjoyed it,” John said thoughtfully, frowning at the wall.
John started awake when the clock showed 9:46pm and Sherlock was crawling into bed with him: both much too early and much too late – for different reasons. John subsequently became aware of the fact that his body felt like he had been run over by a lorry.
deserves some special attention tonight,” he said quietly into Sherlock’s ear.
, for fuck’s sake, and he would not readily forgive himself for putting Sherlock’s health at risk. At least he finally understood the spur-of-the-moment thing.
(John was eternally grateful that he’d managed to condition his sphincter so well in such short time and that he didn’t need fingering anymore beforehand, which saved a lot of hassle.)
“Bliss,” Smith clarified.
Aunt Vivian’s funeral was a small but beautiful and moving ceremony – with flowers, music and a poem by her favourite author – during which John finally shed his first tears. They silently rolled down his cheeks as the Benedictus from Bach’s mass in B minor resounded in the little church. Like the first lava from a volcanic eruption, slow but unstoppable once the first crack had appeared, his emotions started to trickle to the surface.
“Hmm. Not sure.”
“How young?” Sherlock sounded clipped.
He was particularly glad that she seemed to seriously be staying off the booze now. He knew she couldn’t really help it, having had the bad example of their dad always drinking throughout the day, but he’d always blamed her for reacting to that so differently from the way he had. She’d responded by copying his ways, while he had simply… well… developed trust issues.
Sherlock gave his first blowjob – which only lasted two minutes, because John practically came the instant Sherlock touched him with his tongue, and climaxed for real as soon as he used all of his mouth and applied the lightest of suction.
Holmes looked very drowsy, which was a pity. But nevertheless, this was – without any doubt – going to be the best confession session he’d ever had. Telling the great detective all about his hobby, without him being able to remember a single thing afterwards. This felt almost as good as doing it.
Tears were welling up in his eyes and there was nothing he could do about it.
“You both not like. Very obvious. Why?” he signed.
“Someone who claims to be the daughter of the man you stole your book from, according to her.”
Sherlock raised his eyebrows in wonder.
Sherlock sensed he had started to soften inside John because of his nerves, but nevertheless he now continued to move, this time pushing and retracting, by only the tiniest bit, trying to create some sort of rhythm that might work for them.
He hadn’t meant to grab him quite that forcefully, but the truth was, he hadn’t known what Sherlock was capable of in that moment. And weirdly, the minute he’d released his grip, Sherlock had simply collapsed like a rag doll, completely unexpectedly. John should have seen it coming, should have caught him. But he hadn’t.
, he mused.
“Ah, my new man!” the contractor exclaimed, when he spotted Sherlock.
It was one of John’s frustrations with humanity: the fact that even after the most horrible crime – the degree of which in this case was still to become clear – people quickly resumed their daily activities as if nothing at all had happened. Life goes on, they said. And even though much could be said for that approach from a practical perspective, John was simply not good at it. That is, not good at pretending nothing happened any better than dealing with others who
“Not yet. Why?”
“You know,” John said, “even though I can obviously see that you don’t get along, and God knows I understand it, what was it he was referring to with those ‘old resentments’, exactly?”
“I will help you,” Sherlock answered.
When he opened it, however, a smile crossed his face.
“Yes, yes.”
John looked closely at a bag hanging from one of the stands. “What’s TD12?”
It was an uncharacteristically warm September day when Sherlock got out of a cab in Wantage for the second time.
couldn’t do it,” Sherlock repeated, more to himself. “Hence he couldn’t learn.”
John went through all the motions without feeling much at all. He’d known she would die; it was no surprise. Things needed to be arranged, so he got to it.
“You’ve been hiding things from me. Important things. Don’t deny it. She was dangerous and you never told me. You were the last person I still trusted. How can I
On top of which, bottoming had largely erased John’s awkwardness about Sherlock’s past and his own role in relation to it. He actually hoped, deep down, that switching had been therapeutic for Sherlock too, in some way. He thought it probably had.
(For quite a while, Sherlock had suspected Janine to be on Mary’s team, but after careful research – during which the amicability he had initially feigned, once again, in order to get near her, had eventually turned into an actual mutual friendship, ironically – he’d firmly concluded that Janine hadn’t been pretending to be anything she wasn’t.)
He’d had the extraordinary sensation of knowing almost exactly what to do, without the usual apprehension of perhaps getting it wrong, as he had often experienced during sex with women. And then Sherlock had managed to, well... press some buttons in one of his hitherto undiscovered erogenous zones, actually making John consider things he had never been keen on thinking about before – which oddly had been kind of freeing as well in its own way.
John gave him an open-mouthed smirk and huffed, then shook his head. “You meddlesome busybody of a genius.”
“John had forgotten that we had a training scheduled for this afternoon,” he went on, smirking. “That’s why he called you.”
He tried to order his thoughts, but his mind had turned into complete chaos, like an indistinguishable blur of white noise, leaving him utterly unable to judge her intentions. (Which was rather ironic, seeing as he’d come here to learn exactly that: to trust his intuition and to mistrust people in apt situations and in apt situations only. That had been the whole point, for God’s sake. Was she just messing with him for that purpose?)
“Sherlock Holmes, are you proposing to me?”
enough.” She said the last words while obviously barely managing not to roll her eyes. “But he is seriously starting to freak me out, to be honest.”
this, in order to be freed from the groove he had been stuck in for over two decades. And he felt sure that with John, he could.
When he did, she pressed the plush toy into his palms. “You can look now,” she announced.
It was an ID card for a man named Robert Jones. The photograph showed John’s own face, but with a moustache and broad-rimmed glasses convincingly photoshopped into it. To his amazement, he found a real life version of said moustache and glasses also in the package.
So Eurus had needed a new plan. It hadn’t taken her long to find a nice, perky wig, a striking deep red lipstick and a cute dress.
The truth was, however, that Sherlock, who had never been as relaxed and cheerful as he was now that he and John were more than friends, had thought he might actually enjoy going on a holiday, with John that is.
Sherlock smiled a tight, polite smile, as he had been wrong about his earlier assumption.
needed him. Maybe even as much as John needed Sherlock – although in a very different way.
“Well, you two are just so obviously
He clenched his fists.
There was, however, no food to be found. Just empty containers. And unused teabags.
“Oh yeah. That’s it,” John breathed. “Just like that. Oh,
Sherlock went still and leaned in to press a soft kiss to the star-shaped scar tissue on John’s shoulder, trying hard not to think of what could have happened if John's unit hadn’t managed to get him back to the base in time and he had been left to bleed for longer.
To reblog this fic + art on Tumblr, click
“If you love me, don’t read it in front of me.”
. Don’t get your knickers in a twist!”
. A compulsive serial killer, hiding in plain sight.
in this context was exceptionally rare.
The coffee never reached his lips.
.” He reached out to the body and pulled her jaw down with his fingers.
John snorted out a laugh, before turning quiet again. Still wearing his latex gloves, he picked up the ‘Mary Morstan’ passport and looked at the photograph once more.
Through the tiny windows of the ambulance, Sherlock could see that they were almost at the hospital.
“What?”
”, at which he suddenly rolled on top of him and started covering John’s neck and shoulders with wet kisses – as if he were tasting his skin for the first time.
“So it was clearly... his
John nodded. He positively ached to see Rosie again and desperately wanted to look after her himself, but he knew he still needed a long time to recover. Having the secret agent nanny around was the best solution.
On Monday I decided to get a new therapist. Tuesday afternoon, I chose
Sherlock grinned.
* * * * *
Whenever he’d stepped out onto the street, she’d been in his face, taunting him, asking him questions, testing him. Anything to get a reaction from him, it had seemed.
“Better go,” Sherlock whispered. And to Lestrade he said, over his shoulder, “Might want to check out the neighbour with the ferret. Good afternoon!”
“Why have you never had sex before, then?” John asked, almost in a whisper.
Lestrade finished his teacup and heaved a sigh. “Well, that’s my duty done for the day. Not much else on at the moment, I’m afraid.”
“No, don’t worry about Miss Adler,” Sherlock said, rather patronisingly. “She’s fine. She’s dead, I mean."
, especially one who’d been terrorising the household since before I was born.” He scoffed. “Initially, they even used to make up pretexts when they went to see him. It didn’t take me long, however, before I realised that ’poor old aunty Jane’ didn’t actually exist.”
.” She’d elaborately rolled her eyes. “And you won’t believe how incapable my midwife is. Ugh.”
She didn’t seem sure for a moment what else to say, then continued. “I really like him. He’s so sweet and considerate. A good listener.” She looked away as she added, with a sigh, “But I’m not sure he feels the same. He appeared keen at first, but lately he just seems a bit distracted during our dates and he even cancelled the last two we’d planned. The first time, he said he’d forgotten he had promised to go see a film with Jack. That’s the evening I ran into Jack in the supermarket.”
Well, that was just bothersome, wasn’t it?
John never let go of Sherlock for one second that night.
The small talk part had come surprisingly easy. They’d instantly fallen into a sort of pleasant banter, which had soon led to John leaning in ever closer and amicably bumping his shoulder to Sherlock’s several times. The whole process hadn’t actually even involved any kissing until they’d arrived at John’s halls of residence. And when John had pressed his mouth to Sherlock’s under the unpleasant light of the hall’s fluorescent lamp, Sherlock had been so focused on getting the technique right, that there hadn’t really been any room in his head for other thoughts. Well, only some vague considerations regarding his goal to continue down this path to getting John undressed and to ascertain whether or not he had a tattoo of a bat. Which was the whole point of why he was doing this.
Eurus angrily bit one of her fingernails.
Tunnel vision was beyond any doubt and without exception the most unforgivable of fallacies, and it was infuriating that he had managed to be guilty of it precisely in this matter.
Home. Finally.
John’s lovemaking opened entire new wings in Sherlock’s mind palace.
“Alright. It’s Alice Dodgson,” the tiny voice at the other end said. “My mum’s not answering her phone, and… I… er… I still had your number in my phone from back when we still lived in England, and I came to you that time about my grandfather and why they wouldn’t let us see him after he’d died. And ehm, I’m not supposed to be on this plane! I don’t want to be on it. They’re taking me somewhere I don’t want to go! Please help me…”
Sherlock pointed at the general area around the scene in the drawing, making a helpless gesture, in an attempt to convey that he didn’t understand.
“It was. God, I love you,” John replied, pressing another kiss to Sherlock’s temple. “I’m sorry,” he smiled, “I can’t seem to stop saying it all of a sudden.”
Greg looked at him for a second before pushing back his chair.
She’d left him forty thousand pounds.
When he broke contact, John went on, speaking softly, “Secondly, the frequency of our having sex says very little, if anything at all, about how much we love each other, as far as I’m concerned.”
John turned to Sherlock. “Has it occurred to you – anywhere in your drug-addled brain – that you’ve just been played?”
The mere notion was simply absurd.
“I do,” Sherlock breathed, continuing to rhythmically press against him. “I do, I do. Oh John…”
Angelo sighed, casually counting the number of bills pierced on the pin, while he waited for the clean cups and tried to focus on the present – more particularly, the pleasant buzz of this evening and the fact that the kitchen had been running uncommonly smoothly today.
“She went and fucked
So he applies all of them.
Until then, she would at least have something on her hands to pass the time.
But maybe some things were better left unsaid. They had gotten off scot-free anyway.
“To my great aunt Tuulikki. At least, that’s what he said.”
* * * * *
Surely his skin could melt any minute now. He had only been lying on the sofa back at 221B for as long as it had taken John to pour him a glass of ginger beer – with ice – but already the effect of the refreshing shower he’d just taken (primarily to wash the hideous hair gel out of his hair and get the eerie fake tan off his face) was beginning to wear off due to the increasing afternoon heat.
He fervidly put all his energy and focus into making neat piles on his desk with things to keep, things to work on and things to throw away. It felt good. Especially because the latter pile was growing steadily.
. He scoured the internet, looking for patterns. What was this Culverton Smith involved in? Charities, tv shows, hospitals, cooking commercials.
John opened his eyes and looked at his shoelaces again.
Greg didn’t look up. “Well, yeah, I guess there comes a day in every copper’s life where he’s got to choose between what’s wrong and what’s right, regardless of the law. Even though it’s, you know… really fucking hard.”
It was as if regarding himself as insignificant had become routine for him, in the years since John had come to know him.
, Sherlock wondered? He would have to ask John. He knew such things. He should probably get a new phone number, Sherlock mused, so they could text a little more safely – in case the Yard would ever investigate which numbers he was in touch with. Not that that was very likely, but better safe than sorry. So he decided to arrange that first thing this evening, and then he could ask John.)
John sobbed as he stood there, completely lost, tears pouring from his face and falling to the floor.
idea. And seeing David’s jealous face will definitely be fun.”
John heaved in a long breath as he braced himself for the rest of the afternoon.
It didn’t take him long to see the pattern. If he was being completely honest, all these tweets of his were, well, rather smug.
, while he continued to think.
Sherlock nodded, frowning.
Sherlock looked at the paramedic checking John’s vital signs once again, and sucked in a breath.
He twiddled his thumbs. “I don’t blame ... I don’t think about him.” He shook his head.
Sherlock quirked an eyebrow and, without moving his head, his eyes very briefly wandered to the edge of the table, towards where John was standing, then quickly back to his insects.
He finally understood so many of people’s motivations so much better, both in daily life and in crime solving. And it had become decidedly less of a mystery why there was such an outrageous number of love songs in the world. But also why being with your loved one was not the key to everlasting happiness after all, as it came with the new sorrow of the fear of losing them.
He was going to have to take things very slowly.
Once Sherlock was back with two lidded paper cups, John ceremoniously put down his untouched beer and they drank in silence for a while.
Sherlock remembered her so much more clearly than him – in spite of having tried to delete her bullying from his mind.
When he arrived back in 221B, John found Sherlock in exactly the same position as when he’d left, only now he was sitting in his chair next to the fireplace. Against expectation, he opened his eyes as soon as John came in, a faint smile flickering over his face by way of greeting. John walked over to him and briefly pressed his lips to Sherlock’s, at which Sherlock cupped John’s face with both hands, unwilling to let go. They gazed into each other’s eyes for a bit with their noses touching and their smiles increasing, before Sherlock settled on a last peck and let him go. John plonked down across from him.
Sherlock looked at the floor and nodded understandingly. He’d always known, of course.
Sherlock briefly closed his eyes against a sudden bright patch of sunshine, immensely content.
Sherlock couldn’t help but chuckle out loud, properly amazed at what he was seeing. You had to admit the
After Sherlock had hurled the gun into the Thames, he said, “’Taking your own life.’ Interesting expression. Taking it from who? Oh, once it’s over, it’s not you who’ll miss it.”
“Un-… expected,” she rasped. “So slow, yet… so quick. Just like you’re us.” Her voice faded at those last words and then, slowly, her gaze turned vacant.
(See the end of the chapter for
Once Sherlock felt the ice was broken a little, and the nurse had brought tea and disappeared again, he took a deep breath and turned to a new page. He looked at his brother, a little nervous, and sensed an anticipation that Sherrinford seemed to feel as well.
“Alright,” he said, after a long pause. “What else can you tell me about this Jack?”
John. And he loved him up to and including his intestinal flora.
“Right. Sorry. I’ll go get her, then?” And with a mischievous smile, he left the room.
John burst through the door leading into the hospital wing Sherlock was in – Lestrade and Hopkins a few yards behind him – and ran along the corridor, until he reached the door to Sherlock’s room.
“I’m not ridiculing you.” Sherlock looks at him calmly, unmoved. Then, raising his eyebrows, he states, “I could give you one.”
But very new to them.
Sherlock had hardly slept, not trusting the guard to stay awake, or to be alert enough to see through a disguise if he did. On top of which, nobody actually knew what Eurus Moriarty looked like, but him. (Not that he had such a very clear image of her, either, but still.)
John obviously had the situation well under control.
“Let’s go and pay Molly a visit,” he suddenly said one morning, continuing to squint at the wall.
But surely, his parents must have ruled out any sort of mishap beyond any sliver of doubt.
He laughed. “Thank you!” He turned away for a moment, shaking his head as if in disbelief that a woman was flirting with him just like that.
What would his life be without John? Without John
. We did get to hear his whole story, so at least we were able to get the details we needed in order to find out who had really betrayed the mission, before Ajay was shot by local police.”
Slowly, his breathing slowed back to normal as the one obvious and perfect plan presented itself in his mind. It crystallised within seconds, bright and clear.
“Well, it was. I’m just going to let you cool down for a bit, and we’ll talk about it later.”
“That is, after we’ve bought all the other things we need.”
John never let go of Sherlock for one second that night.
“Did you bring it?”
John shook his head involuntarily. How many glasses had he had?
After having finished hanging a new bag of enteral feed, the nurse was humming some ridiculous tune as she washed her hands. She rushed out of the room, however, when a girl’s voice called from the corridor, “Help me! Help me, please!”
John pretended to misunderstand and dashed into the room behind the door that said ‘private’.
Sherlock didn’t so much as look up at John, but kept putting tiny lidless boxes with pinned insects in larger lidless boxes that were spread out over their kitchen table.
Sherlock was still sleeping.
John has some very specific feelings for his flatmate and although he tries hard on a daily basis to ignore them, he is very well aware of them. And he knows that they align perfectly well with the realm of blowjobs.
“And very applicable to one person in our current situation, who showed up exactly in the place where she shouldn’t have been.”
“Jesus. You saved my life.”
– a book, or playing a game of chess. Sherlock sometimes made drawings – of the mountains and fjords they’d seen that day, or of John and Rosie sitting opposite him.
She should probably leave and come back another time, then.
Sherlock lowered his cheek onto the top of John’s head. “It is what it is, but things
Sherlock eventually nodded and awkwardly put a hand on Sherrinford’s shoulder.
They ignored him.
“Well, it wasn’t me,” he heard Faith say.
Sherlock absently murmured to Rosie in his chair, apparently unfazed.
Within seconds, his cock was hard again, eager to repeat the exercise.
As you may have noticed, there were various Easter eggs in this last chapter, which I wanted to include as a tribute to all the people who have tried to ‘fix’ the disappointing ending of BBC Sherlock, including its lack of LGBT representation, which to many came as a slap in the face after the makers’ scattering about so many hints of that nature.
It was as if John had all of a sudden landed on a different planet and felt he acutely needed a plan of action to safely explore the new territories. But he had no map.
Interesting.
Sherlock handed the painting to John, who took it and looked at it, nodding appreciatively, before handing it back to Sherrinford.
“Not as far as I know,” Sherlock replied, flatly.
The damage that Moran had managed to cause between Sherlock thinking she was gone and her actually being gone now was… pretty fucking impressive. In a devastating way, quite literally.
He decided to say nothing.
A blue flashing light tore Sherlock from his contemplations.
And then some great news: one of my wonderful betas, 88thparallel, has made an amazing cover for this fic, which you can reblog from here, if you like:
So they did.
, my evening was shitty,
Maybe just tell the truth for once. “Yes.”
Obviously he’d never done anything like this with another man before either. Maybe he was worried that it wasn’t going to be as good as with a woman. Sherlock could only hope his preparations would prove to be enough in order for him not to disappoint John.
When John spotted Sherlock’s underwear, however, his jaw dropped and he paused.
“H. H. Holmes,” Sherlock said.
“I understand that now,” Sherlock said, his mind still reeling. “I suppose I should thank you for that. As a child, I wasn’t terribly receptive to brotherly advice, I’m afraid. But I can see why you deemed it necessary, what with our parents being… the way they are.”
“So tell me!”
He’d sat on a bench facing their flat, reading a newspaper for several hours. Then he’d stood at a bus stop just across the street for a bit, until finally, he’d seen the pair leave the building. There was hardly anything to be deduced from what he saw, though. Steve was walking with crutches and looked weak, and Craig chattered as he walked beside him, slowly and attentively, apparently elated to have him back.
The shrew had fooled so many people. Even Janine Hawkins, whom Mary had managed to get just as close to, in an impeccable ‘best friends’ act – which, when you thought about it, was at least an equally impressive feat, seeing as there’d not been any romantic seduction involved.
To his own annoyance, Mycroft felt tiny spikes of envy tingling throughout his body. He had always considered sex to be vulgar, messy and unnecessary, never thinking it could mean anything to either himself or Sherlock (the only person alive who was somewhat like him).
“Oh. And did that help?”
“Why would you feel like an idiot?” John asked, incredulous.
He grinned back, shaking his head.
He then dove in for another kiss which prevented Sherlock from replying, or thinking, or worrying, or doing anything at all except feeling – just feeling John’s passion and his own, which was taking over his entire being like an expanding cloud of frenzied bees set free from their hive when spring has finally arrived after a long, long winter.
,” he said with a pointed look at Sherlock, “I
“Seriously?” Sherlock chuckled softly, incredulous. He shook his head, letting this new reality sink in.
“I should like to observe everyone in and around the Hall for several days,” Sherlock at last told the earl. “And I have something in mind that will enable me to do so without attracting any attention to myself. It will, however, require Your Lordship’s convincing the building contractor to hire me as a self-employed builder and add me to his crew to replace the workman who has fallen ill with a chest infection. Does Your Lordship think that can be arranged?”
As Mummy energetically started dinner preparations, Sherlock mulled over all the new information in his mind.
John couldn’t help but grin at the startled eyes in the rear view mirror. “Then again,” he said, more serious as he turned to Sherlock, “there is one motive we hadn’t really properly considered yet, which is one that the fair
Sherlock seemed about to protest, opening and closing his mouth like a fish out of its water. But before anything coherent occurred to him to say, John took the last step to close the distance between them, putting one hand on Sherlock’s shoulder and the other around the small of his back, drawing their bodies close – to which Sherlock did not object. He then tenderly kissed Sherlock on his lips.
As he sat cross-legged on their bed, he realised that he missed John impossibly more than he had during what they had come to call
And then,
He decided to give Sherlock five seconds to deduce what he wanted.
* * * * *
of exchanging smouldering looks, they
“What kind of a plane are you on?”
“Oh, the earl is friendly enough,” one of the men said, amiably.
Both habits were just a different reaction to the same thing, he now figured.
the link to the first one on my blog, and
But Sherlock’s eyes were drawn to John’s scar, which he had never seen up this close before. The scar that had brought John home, to him. Wasn’t it the strangest twist of fate that they wouldn’t be here if John hadn’t been shot in Afghanistan? Then again, almost the same went for his own gunshot wound, which had revealed Mary’s true nature and eliminated her from the equation.
Thank God Greg had been so lenient as to allow John to postpone giving his witness statement until later that afternoon, rather than having him go straight to the Yard from the
Although they had to wrap up warm, it was still well above freezing, so thankfully there was no snow they had to dig through. And the sun shining brightly, combined with the beautiful surroundings, did in fact make it feel like a proper holiday.
“John,” he whispered.
John, with an overpowering intensity that was probably the result from his cerebral cortex being largely disabled – all the energy in his body going to the most vital organs only – , leaving the stage to his reptile brain with its primordial urges, which were now taking over his conscience.
They looked at each other.
“Hi, I’m Charlotte!” he drawled.
“He also painted himself holding an umbrella over me when I was little,” Sherlock said, “and nanny Forsyth being furious in the background. He was
The next time he visited, it was with John and Rosie. It was only the second time John had come to Wantage. And Rosie’s first.
The bastard seemed rather amused.
“Oh, that Bob. He’s a funny one, isn’t he?” Sherlock sighed affectionately.
As he sat there smiling like a fool at the back of Sherlock’s head, John realised that this was it. Pure happiness: every living person’s life goal. The way he felt right now was genuinely the biggest possible contrast to those two years after The Fall. As dark as that time had been, this, what they had now, entirely made up for it. It almost scared John to think there was no way life could get any better than this: being with his loved one almost 24/7, working together on challenging cases with ridiculous disguises and irregular working hours, leaving time to just have a bath on a Friday morning when the whim caught them. The two days he still worked at the surgery provided a basic income for the meagre months as well as a welcome connection to ‘normal life’. Living with a genius madman was not always easy, for sure, but all the same, John felt he had everything he could wish for, right there in his arms. He tightened his hold on Sherlock a bit and pressed a kiss to his temple.
Sherlock hit Tweet with a satisfied grin, already looking forward to the entertaining responses this post would elicit.
“Assuming there is indeed something to solve.”
Good Lord. John could only
John shrugged. “He must know Jack is up to something.”
“I decided to quit, actually,” John stated, to Janine’s surprise. “I might eventually start subbing again occasionally, you know, as replacement for colleagues who are ill or on leave. I don’t know. But my aunt left me some money, and I realised I need rest, for the time being.”
Just at that moment, Sherlock rolled his eyes at John from across the room. He’d hit another dead end, apparently.
. There’s nothing
(When his mates had used to say that he liked to flirt with danger, they had been more right than they ever could have known.)
Meanwhile, Sherlock’s mind had already drifted in another direction. Because Molly was right, of course. Seeing as he and John had tracked Mary’s entire trail via GPS when she’d gone on the run, it shouldn’t be too difficult a task to find the pearl.
, Sherlock thought.
“It’s alright, John. You couldn’t have known.”
It would probably take a while to get used to the idea that each look, each smile between them now meant something else, and was laden with a new layer of emotion. After all this time, it was too amazing to fully take in yet.
He’d seen maid Amy carry unusual amounts of onions away from the kitchen and noticed that she didn’t wear her hairclip on the same side every day. Also, the earl had turned out to have a tendency to watch absolutely crap telly in the mornings. But so far, Sherlock hadn’t caught sight of any unusual guests at the manor, or strangers lurking along the road.
Beverly’s eyes widened as if he were seeing a ghost, as Sherlock turned to shake the contractor’s hand – while trying to suppress an even bigger grin. No need to worry about the efficacy of his disguise, then.
Lestrade smiled thoughtfully while he put out his cigarette, and nodded. “You know what, you might just be right.” After another pause, he said, “So you’re really happy with him, then.”
The following days passed with John being more and more awake and Sherlock getting more and more sleep – now that he worried less about John.
John gently set the tray on the bedside table, looking down at Sherlock with a concerned frown.
As he did now.
“Anybody you’ve fallen out with in any other way?”
Sherlock wasn’t sure how to respond.
“Absolutely no idea what’s going on,” Molly ventured, nervously, to John.
He made a sour face, still not used to allowing himself to admit he was susceptible to the concept of amusement.
Yet, once he was sitting on the cheap bench with plastic dragons to either side, waiting for his turn, he realised he wasn’t very much looking forward to the empty foil trays staring at him afterwards from the coffee table of the impeccably decorated terraced house he had once shared with Mary. The mental image alone was enough to trigger the feeling of intense loneliness that kept ambushing him lately.
John wasn’t coming up... which left Sherlock with two outcomes... either John was dead, or he was stuck and couldn’t get to the surface. Sherlock was not going to settle for the first option because dammit this was all his fault. He quickly scanned his surroundings and found a rock, he didn’t even know if this was going to work, but he grabbed that rock and then dove into the water. He had to try... He had to try for John.
John sniffled and nodded slowly. He stared up at Zack and wiped his wet cheek dry with the back of his sleeve. “Okay...” he sat up and brought his knees into his chest as he set his chin on top of them. “I woke up next to him this morning and I had to go shopping... I was buying him a couple of presents and I knew it would take all day, but he would have presents and flowers and chocolates when I got home so I thought it didn’t matter. Also we’ve been spending all of our time together that I thought that he would like the alone time...”
Why? Why? Did you hear what he said????
John's heart almost melted and he slowly started moving. He huffed a bit and smiled down at Sherlock, “Love, it’s rather hard to move with your death grip on my dog tags. Plus, if you don’t ease up they might break,” He kissed his nose and caressed his head.
John’s face lit up and he grinned at her, the first real grin she had seen from him in years. “Thank you,” He nodded once and then bolted to the front door and left. That was all the confirmation he needed. He knew she was acting out of anger, but he didn’t care it was permission and if he was going to die, he was going to die properly. On the top of St. Barts, just like Sherlock.
John wrapped his arms around him slowly and closed his eyes. “Goodnight, Sherlock.”
Mycroft just rolled his eyes and turned the page of his newspaper.
Tender.
Mycroft shook his head and put the gun away, “See, I came up here with two possible outcomes. I’m going with the original one I thought would happen.”
Claire flinched and then narrowed her eyes, "I'm just trying to help, John!"
Sherlock had no idea how long he did this for and he didn’t hear the sirens in the distance. He didn’t hear them approaching, but he felt the hands trying to pull him away and lift John up and he screamed. No one was going to take John away from him! He would live! Sherlock knew he would, but people were holding him back and he didn’t know why! And it wasn’t fair because now John was going to die and he was in shock, he knew he was, but he couldn’t stop it and he didn’t know what was going on and he still felt like he was drowning and it never ended and he needed to apologise and say he was sorry, but he couldn’t because John wouldn’t hear him anyway! John was going to die and it was all because these
If you're new here please COMMENT!!! because I love reading them!
She smiled sadly and nodded, “One minute deary.” She said softly and then left the room. She came back a couple of minutes later holding a small stuffed squirrel in her hands.
The man blinked and had no idea how the man in front of him knew he hurt his shoulder. He was probably subconsciously grabbing it or something. “It’s fine.. Really.” The man stood up and stood there awkwardly.
Sherlock smiled sadly and nodded, “You know... Technically we never broke up.” He whispered and slowly grabbed his hand. “It will be hard for me to get used to having you back in my life and sometimes I might get really angry with you, but I would really like it if we continued what we had before you left, or at the very least start over.”
Sherlock sighed a long sigh, “fine, but only because I need the money! The address is 221B Baker Street, be here by noon or I won’t help you!” And with that he hung up the phone, the extra money would be very welcome, considering he was running low on drugs.
!! That day was the worst day of my life! And now I hate my birthdays! Most people look forward to them, but mine make me want to die!”
Sherlock hummed. "Keep telling yourself that." He snickered and started to get dressed.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes and looked down at him, “Tell me,
Sherlock's brain was whirling and everything hurt. People were talking to him, but he didn’t understand what anyone was saying to him, he couldn’t hear them either. The words just echoed in his head over and over again.
ready to jump, now that I'm
“John! I’m rich! I could pay for—“ He was cut off by an exasperated John.
John’s laughter immediately turned into tears, “I didn’t take anything!!! Why are you so cruel!! So, so mean! You’re a meanie!!” He sobbed and threw a hand over his eyes to block out the light and hide his tears.
“John! Aren’t you coming to watch? Everyone’s going! Come on!!” One of his friends smirked.
also another doozy of a chapter. Buckle up buttercup.
hard. He kept giggling with them and he wasn't telling them to go away. What’s worse was that poor Sherlock had to stand back and act like everything was okay when it wasn't. He knew John wouldn't go behind his back and hurt him, but he couldn't get rid of that horrible feeling in his stomach, this so called ‘jealously’ as John so wonderfully put it. It was awful and tedious and he didn't like it! Then again, everything was worth it for John, everything would always be worth it. It had only been four days and yet here he was, feeling as though he had known John for a life time.
That seemed to jolt her out of her trace and back to real life, “I called you right after he stormed out of the house...” She whispered.
“You said that you would live forever and ever though…” He sniffled and rolled in Sherlock's arms so that they were spooning and he could grab one of Sherlock's hands easier. “You promised…” he whispered as he started to play with his fingers.
“Everyone has a heart, John. It’s just a matter of finding it.” Sebastian growled and then hung up.
"IM GOING TO KILL YOU!" John screamed and was finally able to lunge at his father. He was a lot like Mycroft in that sense… Even if they weren’t close he would do anything and everything for his baby sister – even if it killed him.
The day seemed to drag on and on. John didn’t listen to any of the lectures, he didn’t do the assignments, and he didn’t ask, or answer, any questions. He felt so empty and useless that he had no idea how he was going to feel good again. He felt numb, like he was living inside an empty shell and nothing ever could fill it up again. At this rate it seemed like he would never feel good again, but John couldn’t imagine what would happen if he felt like this for the rest of his life. He quickly pushed that thought away and tried to focus on other things, but it was so hard. At lunch he just sat there and played with his food. He didn’t talk or eat and he didn’t sit with his rugby friends. Normally they would come over and bother him, but today was different. He suspected Zack was holding them back so he made a mental note to thank him when they got home, if he went home with Zack... He was still trying to figure out everything in his head.
“It is when I can't do anything about it!” She sighed dramatically. “However, I do want to meet this perfect man of yours.” She paused and then looked at the time. “You’ve been here for a while. I think it’s time for you to go find him.”
www.archiveofourown.org/works/1000193
John wanted to grin so badly and yell at the top of his lungs, but he held his ground. Oh yes, Sherlock was definitely brilliant, “And who said anything about being flatmates?” he raised an eyebrow.
John walked into the Baker Street and sighed, “So, what is it you needed then?”
“Thanks,” John muttered as he shoved his worksheet unceremoniously into his bag.
Sherlock ignored the fact that John had just said he didn’t know him. It hurt, but John didn’t mean it, he was just hurting and Sherlock definitely knew what that was like. He picked up his pace, not letting John get away from him so easily. “Mummy won’t mind and Cakeman is fat and won’t even know you are there.”
Knock Knock!
“Of course! No one can ever compare to my Sherlock!” He grinned back and rested his head on Sherlock's chest. His finger drew lazy patterns on Sherlock's clothed stomach and he smiled to himself. Everything was perfect.
John giggled as Miles told him a joke, “Nah, mate you’ve got it all wrong! You have-“ John was cut off by the army mailman walking towards them. He gasped and jumped up without finishing his sentence to Miles, but that was okay because Miles just smirked and watched him leave.
John sighed. He was hoping that Sherlock would still be sleeping, but apparently not, "Reasons..."
John blinked. “Cakeman…?”
Sherlock took a breath and licked his lips, “Can I kiss you?” He asked softly. His heart broke when John shook his head, but he did understand.
John walked back over and sat on his bed, staring at the hot tub in the corner of his room, "Someone's been using that...." He sighed. "Normally I would want to find them and kill them for that, but right now I don't care... Maybe they even deserve it..."
“Sherlock!! I’m in my pants! Don’t push me out… Talk to me.” He took his hand and held it. He wasn’t about to let Sherlock kick him out of the house with nowhere to go in only his pants. He at least needed to get dressed first! It was cold outside and he was sure to catch his death if he went out in just his pants.
They went to the brother’s house next and Sherlock was able to retrieve the memory stick. It was mesmerising to John how Sherlock was playing this out exactly how he wanted it to. However, it hurt him at the same time.
John sat up quickly and looked at Sherlock. “No! No! Don’t ever think that, okay? I am not embarrassed by you Sherlock… I just– I just think we shouldn’t tell anyone… you saw how my dad reacted… it will be just as bad, if not worse if we tell people…” he said softly as he brushed a curl away from Sherlock's forehead. “Some people would understand, yeah… but you already get bullied enough as it is, adding this to the pile would make school a living hell for you.”
! In truth, even though he hid it well, Mycroft hadn’t been the same since John died... he closed himself off just like Sherlock – only he didn’t use drugs, he used work. Perhaps, that’s why he got to where he was so fast. John had been the anchor of that family, whether they had realised this or not.
“God, you’re annoying, and I will never get what he sees in you. I just said I didn’t care about you! I wanted to see
Sherlock nodded slightly and then his eyes widened and he ran to the kitchen. He started grabbing things and shoving them in a box, panicking as he went because John would most certainly not approve of his current life style and Sherlock didn’t want to tell him. He would keep it a secret because that’s what he did best.
**EDIT 2018** FUTURE ME WILL NOT STAND FOR A CHAPTER WITHOUT A JOKE
John felt his blood run cold, he honestly felt sick. Mycroft was going to rape him? The thought alone made John want to punch the man, thank god he actually hadn’t gone through with it, if he had he didn’t know what he would do. He took a breath and looked at him, “Is that why I’m naked then? Well, almost naked.” He paused again, “Actually no, hang on. I don’t think Sherlock would hate you for just drugging me. He would probably hate you for wanting to rape me, but you didn’t so he would eventually forgive you. Which leads me to believe you have… something else planned.” He tried to keep the strain out of his voice at the end, but he wasn’t sure he succeeded.
“Anderson.” He glared at Sherlock. “And it wasn’t the husband, it was her son!”
The screen was black for a couple of seconds before it began to finally play. It showed Sherlock walking down the street and everything seemed okay. He was smoking a cigarette though. John couldn’t really blame him... He did a lot of drinking in the army to try and drown out the pain, though he never did become an alcoholic and John thought that that was a fucking miracle. He certainly drank like an alcoholic, but it never became a need to him. He was able to stop after the army and on the times when he couldn’t have it in the army, he wasn’t a mess filled with need and withdrawals.
Sherlock blinked as he looked around the room. “I-… I don’t understand…” He frowned. “John we shouldn’t be here… we’re just going to get into more trouble.” He flailed slightly and sighed. He knew John was just trying to help, but it honestly made him feel worse.
John clenched his jaw and looked away, because Sherlock was right. Well, okay Sherlock not sitting in his chair was annoying him, but actually Sherlock just existing was annoying him so it really was about the bigger picture. “Don’t you dare say I don’t trust you.” He growled. Because he did, he trusted Sherlock with everything he had, but this wasn’t about trust. This was about communication and the willingness to be open with each other. This was about Sherlock not trusting
“Really, Sherlock? You picked a defect.” He rolled his eyes slightly and watched as John quickly tore his eyes away, “Tell me John, did you lose brain cells for every time your father beat you? I’ve met your father, you know, he’s a lovely man and I’m sure that every beating he gave you was well deserved so basically you did that to yourself.” He drawled. “Hell, if you were my kid I would beat you too. The man’s basically a saint for putting up with you.”
“Since when do you
She blinked some when she saw a man she didn’t recognise standing there, but then again, how many of John and Sherlock's friends did she know? “Oh, hello... I’m Claire and John is currently unavailable.” She smiled tightly.
“—Isn’t that right, John?”  John was snapped out of his thoughts by one of his rugby friends. John took his eyes off of Sherlock and looked at the kid, known as Alex.
"’Hush my child.’ The fairy cooed. ‘I can be your friend. The world is a scary place all by yourself. I'm Bellfire.’ The fairy smirked and stuck out her tiny hand.
John sighed and shook his head as he handed Sherlock his phone, “Of course that is what you needed.” And for the rest of the night they went on with the case. Dinner was vital and he finally got his chance to ditch the cane. He was so thankful for that, but then Sherlock managed to get kidnapped and John thought he could strangle the man. Instead he managed to save Sherlock's life and he most definitely didn’t miss the fact that his eyes lit up and he smiled just a bit brighter.
Anyway since this is the end i love you all! And if you enjoyed my stories you should check out some of my other ones! (:
The next morning John awoke to the door slamming shut. He gasped, jerked upright abruptly, and then fell out of the bed. He huffed slightly and thought to himself he really needed to stop sleeping on the edge of the bed, because really, falling out every other day was getting rather tedious. Maybe if he pressed the bed up to a wall… That could work. He groaned and then blinked rapidly multiple times to try and get the sleep out of his eyes. “What is it? What’s happening?” He yawned sleepily, not thinking anything was wrong. Mycroft and Sherlock probably just had a fight or something.
“John Watson.” He answered.
“I’m leaving you alive, John Watson. So you have to live with what you have done. Sherlock is
Snowballs.
The bell shrilled and John jumped up. “Come on!! We’re going to be late!!” he ran out of the room and Sherlock was left blinking. He grabbed his stuff as quickly as he could and ran after John.
John swallowed and arched his neck again. “I’m sorry I didn’t tell you where I was going… I wanted it to be a surprise and I wanted to make you happy.” He whispered and then the next thing he knew he was being pulled away from the wall and dragged to the bed. Sherlock pushed him on it and then he was crawling on top of John.
He could feel his cousins and aunts giving him looks of pity, but he didn’t care! He just wanted his mother back!
Also subscribe and kudos because this story isn't over!
A week later and John was finally able to come home. He hated it, at least at the hospital he didn’t have to be reminded of Sherlock every waking second. He should really move out... move on... but he knew that that wasn’t going to happen. He couldn’t let go of the flat and the thought of doing so made him physically sick. The thought of moving on made him even sicker. Claire was sitting on the couch, she smiled tightly at him and that just made his stomach plummet to the ground. He took a deep breath and looked down at the ground, “Claire... I didn’t–“
“Come on out….” A soft voice whispered.
Fuck. Practice… he had forgotten and he had skipped out on it yesterday. He couldn’t miss it again so that would mean Sherlock would have to wait. A fake smile crept onto John's lips and he nodded. “’course, mate.” He watched as Alex’s face beamed. That was one good thing about being captain. He could help people and make them happy, if he couldn’t make Sherlock happy now, at least he had his teammates. He smiled and walked out of the room, going to the locker room to get changed.
The bcumbs is singing to me right now... aww he's such a dork!
Actually I'm exaggerating a hella lot! It hasn't been a year, but you know... errors.
He eventually got to his mansion and ran up the stairs. He flung himself in his bed and just stared at the ceiling. After a while he could hear the door open and close softly, he just assumed it was Mike.
Ah. That definitely made sense. He stood up and just followed the DI without another word. To his surprise Sherlock was actually waiting outside the building for him, flagging down a cab so they could get right into it. His heart swelled slightly at the sight and he knew that they were going to be okay. He always knew that, but this was different, and planting the flowers certainly helped.
“Oh… My TARDIS? Oh she’s brilliant!” The Doctor grinned.
Brian had left that morning and was going to be away for the week so he was completely alone. He walked into the kitchen to make tea and shoot up a bit when he frowned. On the table was a box filled with letters and a note lying on top of it. He walked over to the box and slowly picked up the note.
“But then when I came back I found out it was because he thought I was dead! His dad told him for his nineteenth birthday that I had died and then he had the audacity to confiscate all of the letters I wrote to Sherlock just so Sherlock would believe the fucking lie he told! Happy Fucking Birthday Sherlock! You know what? Fine! That’s just peachy! It wasn’t his fault! But then he had to go and shag my best friend – or someone I thought was my best friend, but clearly isn’t and I don’t know if he ever was – and he actually happens to love Sherlock and I hate him! Which I guess is a good thing because what kind of best friend does that? And what kind of best friend verbally abuses him on his sudden ‘return from the dead’. None. So there you have it, I guess he never was my best friend.” He mumbled and scrubbed at his face. “How long? How fucking long did it even take for Sherlock to fuck him? Months? Days? Hours? Hell minutes even? And the worst part is, is I can’t bloody ask because I know knowing will be so much worse. Not like he would tell me the truth anyway.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock closed his eyes and shifted a bit, “I didn’t mean it…” He whispered, “I’m sorry… I’m just– I’m so used to having to say you’re dead and I’m so scared, John… I’m so scared that this is all some horrible nightmare and that I’m going to wake up cold and alone because you really are dead. You said you wrote me letters for a year, but how am I supposed to believe you? I can’t! I didn’t receive a single one! And I don’t know if I can ever forgive you… and I know it’s not your fault, John, but what happened, happened and I can’t for the life of me come anywhere close to forgetting about it.” He swallowed hard, but he didn’t even feel the need to cry because this wasn’t real. None of this was real. This was a dream he had over and over again. He was so done with it.
well, until next time bitches!!
Zack just blinked. “Well, that doesn’t make any sense... He got shot for you...”
Claire woke up immediately and ran to him, she was usually a light sleeper, but she was just so exhausted that she didn’t hear him running everywhere, “John? John!” She dropped to the floor next to him and picked him up, “John! Shhh. It’s alright. What’s wrong? What happened?”
“Oh relax, love! It’s nothing like the arcade! I promised I would never do that again, remember?!” Sherlock smiled softly and slipped his hand into John's. He took off again, but this time he was holding onto John, because there was no one around and he liked running with John holding his hand.
“The little girl began to sob. She knew she was alone, but deep down inside of her she hoped that there were people hiding somewhere.”
I GET TO GO HOME AND DONT HAVE TO LIVE IN FUCKING MISSOURI ANYMORE OMFG IM SO EXCITED!!! NEXT STOP LONDON!!!
, I took my chance.” He gave a long suffering sigh at that, thinking of how exhausting all of this had been for him.
John's heart picked up speed and he closed his eyes. This could not be happening to him! He briefly wondered what Sherlock would think about his abrupt disappearance, but then he came to the conclusion that Sherlock probably didn’t even care and somehow that was worse than if he were to rejoice. At least if Sherlock felt happiness with his death, John could have gave him something in his final moments. He swallowed hard and leaned back against the seat. “So that’s it then? You’re just going to kill us both...?”
Sherlock laughed, “of course I will. However, you aren’t immobile, you could do this yourself.”
Eventually, the doctors and nurses stopped asking John questions and left the two alone. Silence enveloped the room and Sherlock swallowed hard... he didn’t know what to say... he supposed he really shouldn’t be the first one to say anything anyway. Perhaps, he shouldn’t even be in the room, he should have left with the doctors and waited until John asked for him.
there might be like two more chapters idk yet..
“Like I got shot in the chest.” He snickered, but then winced a bit. “You know how long I have to stay in here..?” He asked softly.
Sherlock huffed and narrowed his eyes into the cup, maybe John would just forget about everything and come back like nothing had happened. That being thought, it wasn’t Sherlock's lucky day and he stiffened when he heard John speak his next words.
YOu want to know fucking what!!! My computer is fucking broken and I can't fix it!! It's new and it's having so many fucking problems!!
what's brown and sticky?
Sherlock shoved the man up against the alleyway wall as he continued to shake and sweat, “I SAID GIVE IT TO ME!!!” He screamed and shoved him again, harder this time.
DEUCES
Claire took a breath, “John, you have five seconds to open this door or I’m coming in.” She pressed her ear up to the door to see if she could hear the sounds of his footsteps, but sadly she couldn’t. However, she still waited five seconds before sticking the key in and turning it, only it didn’t turn because it was already unlocked... When she realised that she took a shaky breath, John probably just didn’t lock it yet, too busy snogging her or something. Only, she couldn’t shake the feeling in the pit of her stomach as dread filled her even more.
“I wish we could tell people… I want people to know that you are taken. It makes me feel funny when people are always flirting with you...” He bristled slightly, and if he held John a little bit tighter neither one of them commented on it.
Four and a half years had passed. Three years of nothing. And two years of not writing anymore letters. John was almost certain he would get a thank you letter in the mail from Sherlock saying how he was glad John was going to stop annoying him with his tedious letters, but then again John had a sneaking suspicion he didn’t read them, he probably just got them and threw them right in the bin. He sighed at the thought of that because that meant a year of writing to his former lover was wasted over nothing. John supposed he didn’t mind though because it gave him something to do with his time. And in a roundabout sort of way, it helped him get over Sherlock, he’d heard before writing letters without the intention of sending them could be therapeutic, and it was… if not heart breaking and stressful. Well, and he did actually send them, but there was never a reply, so in a sense, it was like he wasn’t sending them.
Well i just keep on hurting myself, dont I. Fuck me. I love my angst but this is a lot of it. hahahahaha hope you enjoyed it anyway.
“SHUT UP!!” he screamed. “You don’t understand anything so just Shut. Up.” He grabbed his backpack and ran out the door. He couldn’t stay with his brother any longer... Over the past month he had been doing everything in his power to avoid his brother... Mornings were a lot harder to avoid though. Maybe he would just start sneaking out a window.
Claire waited patiently and when he didn't answer she sighed, "Sherlock..."
Sherlock swallowed and shook his head, but John couldn’t see that, “Where are you…?”
Instead of saying anything though he just remained silent, if whoever wanted to speak to them really wanted to speak, they could speak first.
“Don’t you dare go after him, Sherlock! Or so help me I will not hesitate to—“
John awoke to the wonderful smell of coffee. He yawned and rubbed a hand over his face while he waited for Sherlock to wake up. However, an hour passed and Sherlock was still dead to the world. John was bored out of his mind and he didn’t feel comfortable roaming the house without him… so he decided to wake Sherlock up, but not in any normal way, oh no. John leaned over and pressed his lips to Sherlock's ear then slowly slid his tongue inside and wiggled it around.
John just glared up at his father, "You're pathetic! Did you know that? Technically me being gay is your fault!" He spat trying to buy himself time, but he knew better than anyone that there wasn't anyone coming so what was the point..? He was just drawing out his inevitable death. Though… Perhaps the point was so Harry could run away and stay safe, but he knew that she wouldn’t leave him behind so he supposed there was no point.
“But... he had the knife...” John whispered quietly as he looked at Sherlock, he honestly didn’t understand how Sherlock had managed to get out of that one.
Anyway! I hope you enjoyed that chapter after almost two years of not updating. fuckkkkk I've probs lost all my readers and if I haven't lost them they'll probably have to read it again. oh well. I had to read it again before I could write this chapter and it was a wild ride. I do love this story so much, despite the fact that it has so much drama I don't know how to live. hahah
Sherlock had been trying so hard to forgive John, but he just felt guilt, he couldn’t even be mad at John for lying to him about the letters – even if he was. He was lying to John about the drugs, and about Brian, and the longer he went about lying the worse he felt. Christ, he even still fucked Brian for the first week of John's return because he still didn’t believe it was real. He basically cheated on him, for one, but drugs did lower one’s inhibitions. For two, he was pushing John away over a small stupid lie, when he was lying about much worse things. Slowly though, he was trying to stop using the drugs, for John's sake – he didn’t even need them anymore since he had John back – but he knew he couldn’t stop cold turkey. He was getting better though and was taking much less than he was when John first walked into his flat. He was making progress and that’s all he cared about. Perhaps once he was completely clean things would go back to the way they were. John still wouldn’t sleep in the bed with him, when he did sleep over he always slept on the couch, but they still hadn’t had sex and Sherlock was cruel to him most of the time, so it all made sense.
Sherlock sighed and stopped what he was doing, looking at John with exasperation, “Can we actually not do that?”
Sadly, John didn’t come, he tried... he really did, but he was so sick he couldn’t move without feeling like he was going to throw up or pass out – perhaps both... he felt so useless and he just hoped that Sherlock would get out of whatever mess he had gotten himself into. He was a grown man; he could handle things. Albeit John also didn’t think it was that serious – whether that was because he was sick and didn’t really care, or because Sherlock did have the tendency to be exaggerate at times he didn’t know... and as horrible as both of those two facts were, he just couldn’t be arsed to get up. For all he knew this was just a terrible fever dream. If he did know what was taking place in the living room, the severity of it all, he would have tried so much harder.
John hissed as he shoved Sherlock slightly because really? He couldn’t even bloody touch him now? Though, the feeling of Sherlock was so real under his hands that he faltered for a moment before he slowly regained himself, shaking his head vigorously, "Nope. You're dead. You died two years ago. And I'm sorry, but I'm done listening to you. I didn't listen to you when you told me to just end it, and I'm not listening to you now when you're telling me to keep going." He grumbled and started walking back to the ledge.
Three days later John was feeling much better, he started to get up and move around because Sherlock was still sleeping and John was bored out of his mind. John went to the kitchen to make tea, but then remembered the amazing cream Sherlock had put in it a few weeks ago. He remembered watching Sherlock pull it out of his side drawer in the bedroom, saying it was from Brazil or something. Stalking back into the bedroom, John started sifting through Sherlock's drawers – he realised that this was rather an invasion of privacy and he should have just asked Sherlock, but John didn’t think he would mind and they never were the type of couple for privacy anyway. They were opened with each other and had nothing to hide.
“I don’t need you to take me on a date to be happy, I’m happy just being with you.” Sherlock hummed with a smile and grabbed John's hand.
John frowned and looked at him. “That’s not true… Why would you say that? Did something happen, Sherlock..?”
“Nothing! You are going to do as I say!” he growled and started to push John out of the room.
but for seriousness i LOVE reading your comments and i reply back to everyone unless its a comment that doesnt need replying to because like what the fuck am i supposed to say to those comments...
“Sherlock!!” John whispered loudly, yep. Not good indeed. “You are going to fall and break your neck! Not to mention this is illegal! You could go to jail!
going to forgive you for what you did to him so you will have to live with that – or he will die... and you’ll have to live with that too. Either way, you’ll be alone – and Watson, my dear, I don’t think you will be able to handle that.”
Mycroft swallowed and looked down slightly because of course he knew who John was talking about, and because John looked downright terrifying. “We’re trying to find him, John, but he is hidden...”
Who's There?
Sherlock slapped it away and casted him a hard glare, “Oh, fuck you! Why don’t you go running into Miles’ arms and leave me alone?
John swallowed a bit, “Because I wanted to see you...” He took a breath before continuing. “God, you look – well, you look amazing... You actually grew into your features and don’t look like such a child anymore.” He smirked slightly. “Not that you didn’t look amazing before, but growing up definitely suited you.”
“Sherlock?? Oh god! You’re okay!” John said in relief. “I’m coming in, okay? I know you’re at Barts, you bloody twat, I had Mycroft chip your phone when you gave it to him,” and Sherlock could practically hear the smirk that was spreading John's face.
John pushed Mike off the bed, but instantly regretted it when pain shot through his shoulder. “Get. Out! I would never in a million years fall for Sherlock Holmes!” He snapped.
letting go! DO YOU UNDERSTAND ME!" He screamed and shoved her back as a few men in the pub started walking over to try and get John to get his hands off of a woman.
Sherlock winced a bit, he supposed that was a rather stupid question to ask. He should have phrased it better. “You can come live with me, I have a—”
UNTIL NEXT TIME
“Charming words.” Sherlock drawled and rolled his eyes. “If you’re going to insult me, you can go.” He muttered slightly, but didn’t make a move to leave. Instead, staying on the stairs and listening to what Brian had to say.
Mike sighed and shook his head, “right... because you’re always fine, yeah?” he bit his lip when John just glared daggers at him. “Just do me a favour...” He took a deep breath, “don’t... don’t get invested...”
“John, yes I am giving this to you because I want to repay you, but no I am not giving
John blinked, “Where what?” He mumbled, holding his toe.
Claire smiled softly and ruffled his hair, “Haven’t seen you here in a long time. You’re sort of a hermit these days.” She chuckled some and then pulled her hand away, “Can I get you a pint?”
Mike winced and swallowed. He slowly put down the crowbar he had been holding and gave John a sheepish smile, "Sorry... Thought it was an intruder. Um, what are you doing here...?"
The Doctor just started laughing hysterically and Sherlock frowned. “What…?” He huffed.
Mycroft blinked and looked at Sherlock. “See! He obviously took something because he isn’t making any sense right now!!” He heard his younger brother growl.
Sherlock swallowed and let go him, his hands were shaking and his whole body was jittery. He shoved his shaking hands in his pockets, even though his right hand was dripping blood, and walked away to go find some money. He wasn’t an addict – he wasn’t! He was just dealing with John's death in a different way than most people would...
Sherlock blinked, “What... Why?” He wanted to ask why John was even talking about him, but he thought he probably shouldn’t. He knew he wouldn’t like the answer.
"Oi! Shut it!" John grumbled as he pulled his jumper and trousers on, while he was still on the floor.
“’I don't care!’ The little girl shouted. ‘You're my best friend and I love you!!!’ She rested her head down by the fairy and cried.
“Gee, that makes me feel so loved.” He said sarcastically, it seemed John answered the question he didn’t want answered anyway.
“Don’t give me that bullshit!” He snapped. He was livid that Mycroft was here because it had been three fucking years! Three years of not hearing anything! And even though Sherlock couldn’t be arsed to pick up a damn pencil and write a sentence down, Mycroft could! And even still, why the fuck was Mycroft in his room waiting for him to wake when he couldn’t even pick up a damn pencil?? He was livid with the man in front of him.
“That’s enough to be going on, don’t you think?” He hummed and walked to the door where he opened it and started walking out. He stopped and poked his head back in where he smirked at john, “The names Sherlock Holmes and the address is 221B Baker Street.” He clicked his mouth and winked at John before nodding, “Afternoon!” and with that he left.
John choked on air a tad. Sure he was confused right now about whether he liked boys, but that didn’t mean he wanted to jump into their pants! “We’ve only just met! I mean you are attractive, I’ll give you that, but—“
and fascinating.” He hummed and glanced at John.
“John!” Sherlock snapped a little louder, Jesus he was going to kill the man. And though Sherlock wouldn’t have minded, he definitely didn’t want John in jail.
Sigar’s jaw was clenched and for a second John thought he was about to get hit, but he didn’t care because this man couldn’t possibly do anything that his father hadn’t done already. “Out.” Sigar growled as he stood up. “You see. I was trying to be nice to you, John. But no one talks to me like that. You will leave and you will
John nodded as he continued to walk, pondering on what the fuck a consulting detective could possibly be. He then shook his head, finally giving up and just decided to ask. “What is that…?”
. That small fact definitely made him angrier, but he had so many things to talk about that now was hardly the time to bring that up.
He sighed heavily, now he remembered why he had left and never looked back, “Alright. Have a good day, mum. I’ll call you later.” He wouldn’t. She knew he wouldn’t. It was just something to say.
A prince or princess you will soon (C)
“John! John!! Calm down!! I just need to know what you took so I can figure out how to help you… I’m not angry…” He spoke softly.
John blinked slightly, “Oh... I didn’t know you had a flatmate...”
Sherlock was especially happy today because John had started to sit next to him again in the last class they had together. It was stupid, it really, truly was, but Sherlock felt complete with John around. They were busy scribbling notes back and forth together and not really paying attention when the bell shrilled. Sherlock grinned like a madman, because he had been waiting all day for the final bell to ring and finally, after what felt like hours, it happened. He grabbed John’s hand and tugged on him… until he remembered that he really wasn’t supposed to do that here so he dropped his hand and lowered his voice. “Come on… I want to go somewhere.”
He pursed his lips and slowly looked up at Sherlock, “You’ll take the guest bedroom.” He said dryly, because as much as he wanted to sleep with Sherlock, he honestly didn’t think his body could handle it.
John sighed and ran after him, like he always would. Sherlock could literally be leading John to his death and John would still follow the man. Fucking wanker. He entered a room where Sherlock was crouched next to the dead body and John’s heart picked up slightly as he looked around for the officers, but Sherlock was right. They weren’t here because they probably were having their tea break. He watched as Sherlock moved around the body with fascination and John had to smirk to himself because Sherlock literally looked like a child in a candy shop. “Get anything?”
Sherlock gasped and squeezed his eyes shut, “You said you wanted John...” God, why did he leave? That was so, so stupid. Even if he did want John, he literally gave him the perfect opportunity to attack either of them.
“Would you rather...” He grinned at him, like a shark about to attack its pray, “Would you rather, live in a world without John Watson, or live in a world without yourself... though
But actually if i had to choose between benedict and martin.... damn. martin is my shit i would choose him over my whole entire family. sorry not sorry.
Mycroft’s eyes widened, “Oh my god....” He whispered.
enjoy the story!!!
John gave a small smile and a one shoulder shrug. “You make me forget things constantly. I love that about you.” He hummed happily.
Where do animals go when there tails fall off?
Sherlock nodded and stood up, John looked so different than the small boy that was once in his room. Sure, he was lean and had some muscles, but now he was taller and broader. His muscles had grown so that he was more built rather than lean, and he was no longer pale and pasty, but a beautiful gold tan. As different as John looked though, it was moments like this that Sherlock remembered he was still the same boy he fell in love with. He walked over to the door and together they went to his old house.
John about choked on air, but managed to keep a calm face. Thankfully, the attention was diverted off of him because the door had opened up and an older woman was standing there squealing and hugging Sherlock. He had not been expecting Sherlock to say that and the fact that Sherlock did was incredibly surprising. He imagined Sherlock to be someone who would cry themselves to sleep at night if someone died and he couldn’t ‘save’ them. He acted like he didn’t give a shit on the telly, sure, but John thought that that was just an act... Maybe he didn’t know everything he thought he did about this man after all.
That was it, folks! Thank you so much for coming along on this looong ride, and for the encouraging words and comments I received along the way! (Please do keep them coming, even now that the story is finished! ;) )
Seeing as Sherlock was still away, and both Rosie and John were having a late morning nap, she decided to make some hot chocolate milk and take it easy.
Had it been a mistake to mention Mary in this way? “So, um, what is this other story about, then? The Ring?”
Sherlock moved to his side and scooted up a little, so they were at the same level. “Morning, Doctor Watson,” he mumbled, cheekily, only half-awake still.
Also, there was no telling how long it would take for his slight, residual dizziness to disappear completely. It didn’t bother him much at home, but that might be different in a professional setting. He really shouldn’t feel so guilty about wanting to wait another week or two, he told himself.
Eurus would just have to sit and wait.
The rest of the day, they took turns lying down and looking after Chloe. But as it looked like John had it worse, Sherlock did the most, so that John got enough rest. Among other things, he played some Christmas carols to her on his violin and let her do some random colouring on the pages of the newspaper he was reading, as she sat on his lap, both of which calmed her down significantly from the fretful state she had been in.
Sherlock printed out all the information he could find and stuck everything on the walls.
The birth of his daughter had at least given him some joy in his life. And loving her had turned out to be easier than he’d thought.
“The guy is South African,” Sherlock continued. “Moved here only a couple of months ago, together with a colleague. They’re in the gold trading business. The colleague is called Jack. Violet dislikes him. She actually suspected he was her stalker, as he had come on to her in an intrusive way the first time she met him, and she’s run into him on two separate occasions since, which she found suspicious, especially as he took the opportunity both times to shamelessly try and flirt with her again.” Sherlock stopped walking around for a moment to look at John and see if he was still following.
Part One was THE TWELVE THATCHERS
They stared at each other intently for a second, until Sherlock’s gaze drifted off, confused.
, sadly.)
The anticipation he felt throughout the rest of that day was completely lost on John, much to Sherlock’s ever-increasing annoyance. John was reading up on medical journals and would probably not even have noticed if an elephant had casually strolled into the room.
,” Sherlock joked.
“Why not?”
“Champagne can wait,” John said, as he hastily started to take off Sherlock’s knitted cardigan and bright pink top, discarding each item onto the floor with a comically over-dramatic scowl.
He seemed really proud, the weirdo.
It was a close-up of an Irish setter.
“Ba!” Rosie yelled excitedly.
John sighed, relaxing into the mattress.
Then why had he just said that?
Once he’d found the biggest and most pompous office on the executive level, he gave two short knocks and immediately proceeded inside. “Sorry, awfully busy, I’m sure,” he said in a cheery, business-like manner, “but this won’t take long.” He quickly flashed one of his stolen police badges, while continuing, “In addition to the notice you will get of a police officer being placed outside one Mr Watson’s room in the IC, I am here to request special permission to occupy the other bed in his room, by way of extra security.”
to know. I think we
John rolled his eyes. “About
) But he would store it and try to later.
John’s heart skipped a beat and he felt an instant rage boil up inside, drowning out all sounds around him. “Greg. Did you hear that?” It came out as barely more than a strained rasp. “You know what his favourite room is?” he said, a little louder. “The
One more autopsy and then Molly could go home and watch the new episode of Pretty Little Liars that she’d been looking forward to.
“What are you smiling about?” a voice startlingly near him suddenly asked.
Eurus was pulled out of her reveries when her phone rang.
He then did the only thing he could do. He dialled 999, even though that meant he temporarily lost the audio connection to the consulting room.
Sherlock swallowed and nodded. John clearly didn’t want to take any chances, which was probably for the best.
Very soon, his brain was on the verge of sensory overload. There was no room in his Mind Palace that could accommodate what he was experiencing. It was too wonderful. Too much. He needed something else to focus on, desperately needed to divert energy to another part of his brain and
In fact, Sherlock looked nothing short of stunning in the gold dress with his eyes accentuated with black eyeliner, mascara and green eyeshadow, his cheekbones highlighted with just the right shade of blusher. The extraordinary thing about Sherlock, though, was the way he
“Right,” John said, quietly. “I think you’d better leave, Mycroft.”
trust you anymore?”
They had only ‘talked’ for twenty minutes. Still ten left.
--Sounds great! Jack says it’s an incredibly posh place though... Maybe we should go to Negozio instead? It’s a lovely Italian restaurant down the road, slightly more affordable. :) Look forward to seeing you too. x
He just looked back at her.
They drank their teas in silence for a while.
“I certainly hope so,” John smiled.
John followed her.
For the same reason, she dressed in wildly different styles each day (which, to be fair, she usually liked to do anyway).
And while he was having all these thoughts, he’d been so distracted – stupid,
The tea pot was empty.
“I’ll try, if I’m in the area,” he said.
Then, in an apparent burst of decisiveness, John suddenly took him in deep and started sucking relentlessly hard, alternating with firm strokes. The world gradually began to fall out of focus as pleasure rose up from Sherlock’s groin and swirled through him in a swelling vortex. He let his head fall back hard onto the pillow and was only vaguely aware of his hips jerking and his semen dripping onto his stomach in little warm puddles.
They hadn’t even bothered to close the curtains. Or switch on any lights, seeing as it wasn’t completely dark anyway. And because they had done neither, no one would be able to see them after all, so it didn’t matter. Also, they were on the second floor, so it would have been virtually impossible even with the lights on – unless someone was flying a drone with a camera out front, of course. Which was highly unlikely to happen very often. (Even Mycroft wouldn’t go
serious.
“There’s a little park over there,” John pointed, as they started walking. “Shall we sit on a bench to rest from our efforts for a bit?”
In spite of the ridiculous waste of helium by filling nonsensical shiny balloons with it, and in spite of the stupidly repetitive buntings suddenly having been draped all over their bookcases and in front of windows throughout the flat (screaming ‘HAPPY BIRTHDAY HAPPY BIRTHDAY HAPPY BIRTHDAY’), the party was in fact rather agreeable.
As his gaze rested on the papers without really seeing them, he went over all the details of his meeting with her yet again, looking for fresh clues in what she’d told him.
“Oh, there’s an intern somewhere still working on that. Unsurprisingly, he can’t seem to find anything. But it’s a good exercise.” He smiled.
“He only lives here during the week. Goes home to… er… his
“Would you like me to tell you about Eurus? The true version?” Sherlock asked. “Are you ready for that?”
* * * * *
not have seen it in
Sherlock frowned, mentally scanning what she had said for relevant details.
know, however, was that ever since the debacle with Mary and ‘E’, John had been trying hard to renounce his attraction to anything feminine. Never again to fall for a pretty ankle in high heels, the bulge of perky breasts, or long hair falling seductively over a coyly lifted shoulder. All he wanted, from now on, was Sherlock.
“Your cock… so perfect,” John was panting. “So beautiful… fits perfectly. See? Absolutely stunning… gorgeous… you...
Then again, he wasn’t even sure that all that was exactly what John was suggesting. There was no way to know at all where this would lead, if he did stay.
John was now half lying on top of him, one of his legs between Sherlock’s, and looking down fondly at him as the dwindling afternoon light conjured yellowish-grey shadows through the flat.
“No.” John shook his head. “
He would go back to Wantage first thing in the morning, before heading back to London.
Something ardently tickled in Sherlock’s stomach.
Sherlock briefly lost the ability to speak.
Sherlock turned to look at the man. In spite of little physical resemblance, he reminded Sherlock of Anderson at first sight. Something about his posture and his eyes.
Still, he could feel a ridiculous grin tugging at the corners of his mouth.
“This is our hundred-day mark,” Sherlock added.
He’d always loved it when John thought he was brilliant, but now that Sherlock knew how deep those feelings truly ran, it elicited a more profound response in him as well.
He tilted his head to one side and stroked his eyebrow, smiling to himself.
He reminded John of that bloke from Crimson Peak. Tom Something. Quite good-looking. Just like him, Sherrinford had sharp cheekbones (no surprise there), wavy dark-blond hair, and piercing blue eyes.
“Wait,” another voice called.
Slowly, it had disappeared into the wind. Thank God.
Five hours later, when he’d satisfied himself that he had all the information he needed (the number of forums about how to have gay sex had proven to be rather impressive), Sherlock started looking for mail order companies that didn’t look terribly dodgy. When he found a rather posh one of the kind he was looking for, the dildo department was only one click away.
. John was rather restlessly squeezing the pillow he was holding on to in an apparent attempt to refrain from moaning out loud, as Sherlock tirelessly kept up a steady rhythm while holding John tightly with his strong arms.
In one corner of that empty void in his heart, he distinctly felt a strong paternal affection for Rosie, but otherwise, nothing. Not even guilt.
is not an advantage.” And, “The East Wind will be coming to get you, again and again; it seeks out the unworthy and plucks them from the earth.”
. It was an awkward way to introduce his plan of drawing something for Sherrinford, but he felt an introduction was necessary, nevertheless. Also, it was important he made this drawing of what he knew to be true with as many details of the surroundings as possible. So he drew Sherrinford sitting next to him and the cats lying on the floor in the exact positions they were in at that very moment.
“Forgive me, but you are doing yourself a disservice,” Sherlock objected. “I have known many people in this world but made few friends, and I can safely say...”
There was only one thing John wanted at the moment, and it was not to try on the stupid dress. He needed to get off so badly that for a moment he considered seducing Sherlock into giving him a blowjob, but they were in a shop, for fuck’s sake.
Sherlock didn’t think this was exceptionally funny.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock hurried out of the room and informed the officer standing guard that Finnish police should be contacted to stand by when flight AC 9171 landed in Helsinki at 10.45 local time, to intercept a possible child abductor and his victim.
gone back on drugs? Was that why he’d seemed to have completely lost his marbles, tweeting stuff like that? John wanted to see him, more than anything. But not like that.
John especially loved how sometimes, out of the blue and without saying a word, Sherlock would fix him with his intense gaze from across the room, stroll over and start kissing John’s neck, groping his back – his hands all over him – as if making up for all those years of distance between them.
When Molly removed the sheet that covered the body, she started.
“Hello, is this William Holmes?” an older woman’s voice asked.
After tea was brought to their table, Sherlock said, “Listen, um, I owe you an apology. John made me realise I really shouldn’t have said what I did, last time. I’m sorry.”
But the thought of staying away from the man who gave John’s very life purpose and brightened it each time when he was surrounded by darkness – and even when he wasn’t – that idea alone made his insides twist. Also, it wouldn’t really be fair on Sherlock, he realised, after Sherlock had done so much for him: he’d turned down practically every other case offered to him since last September, just to help John pick up the pieces of the gigantic mess he’d made of his life by marrying and impregnating Mary. Sherlock had sacrificed so much for him. John couldn’t just turn his back on him now.
Well, that was just weird.
Eventually, by the time the fire had died down, John came in from putting Rosie to bed (and, apparently, a long chat with Irene upstairs), and he gently kissed Sherlock’s cheek. “What’s this?” he asked, gesturing towards the page with notes in Sherlock’s hand, that he’d torn out of his notebook.
“I’ll cancel the ambulance, then,” John offered, glad for the opportunity to get back into the office and also to avoid embarrassment over someone else cancelling an ambulance that was never called.
There was no way around it.
“Hm. I suppose I should be glad,” Sherlock said.
His fond reaction made her feel wonderfully warm inside. To be appreciated, to have accomplished something, however small.
detective. My pal Greg Lestrade swears that you occasionally actually come in handy. A fresh layman’s perspective and all that,” Lee grumbled. It was clear that the man was more than a bit sceptical about this himself. He sighed. “Well, as long as you
“Craig Welton.”
They needed a big bang.
“Well, I think maybe it would be good for you to go and see him, now that you can decide for yourself,” John gently insisted. “This is a huge thing that happened to you. You can’t just push it away and pretend it doesn’t really matter. I’ve tried to do that sort of thing in the past and it doesn’t work, in the end, trust me.” John tentatively took Sherlock’s hand in both of his own. “Assuming he’s no longer dangerous, at least – seeing as other people visit him – I was thinking perhaps we could go and get to know him a little. Both of us.”
Mycroft informed them that Amit Joachim (“AJ”) had been shot by Moroccan police shortly after committing car theft with manslaughter.
Disconcertingly, John didn’t actually know whether Harry had read or heard somehow that their own aunt had been convicted for killing John’s wife. Their last contact had been a condolence card she’d sent him from Russia, four months ago. He could only hope that if she did know, she wouldn’t be inclined to talk about this too elaborately when she came over.
“Vivian Norbury.”
Mycroft immediately screwed up his face in distaste. “No-no-no-no, stop.” He raised a disparaging hand and turned away. “I detest conversation in the past tense.”
* * * * *
Sherlock’s voice jolted him out of his contemplations. “We were all formed by what happened in our families in the past, John,” he said, unsurprisingly knowing exactly what he was thinking. “But everyone has a different survival strategy, which can then make people drift apart. You were the one who taught me the importance of open communication. When I simply applied it to your sister, you both opened up.”
John started as Sherlock suddenly, without moving his head, shifted his gaze and looked at John questioningly from the corner of his eyes. John quickly looked away, slightly embarrassed. He had been staring.
“Yeah, when we were locked inside the hospital and then inside the flat for weeks on end. No compensation for us, I’m afraid,” John said.
Apparently, the human mind measures time by the number of new experiences one has in the course of it. She’d read this somewhere, once.
It had been wonderful and weird. Like old times, except now Rose had a bump with someone else’s child in it.
Maybe he got that part from his dad, who, despite his degree of social clumsiness being similar to that of his wife, was one of the kindest souls John thought he had ever met. Maybe that was thanks in part to him not making the same amount of incorrect assumptions as his wife did – or at least not voicing them out loud. And the mischievous twinkle in his eye betrayed the real and genuinely humorous meaning of the ambiguous remarks he made, whenever he did speak.
As Sherlock walked down the hallway, casually scanning his surroundings, he spotted Amy once again, just disappearing around the corner to the south wing.
Although maybe that was just because John was famished.
Then Smith knocked on the window on John’s side of the car. John pressed the button to lower it. Smith bent down and looked in. “What do you think, Mr Holmes? ‘Cereal’ killer.”
But, above all, Greg was decidedly struck by the perfect harmony of what he was seeing: the way Sherlock and John seemed to seamlessly fit together and were exactly in the same place, both clearly wanting precisely what the other one was giving.
“Do you blame him?”
Yeah. As if.
, and let himself be taken, was an incredible, new sensation.
A month later, after having gotten herself almost killed once more, she’d called Sherlock after all. Pride be damned.
“He- he- he was here!! He came back and now he’s gone!” He screamed and thrashed a bit in her arms, trying to wiggle himself free so he could go and find him. Crying wasn’t going to bring him back, he had to search.
book. That book was special to him and they just took it and ruined it. He looked up at Brian with a fire in his eyes that had never been there before. “Tell me Brian. Do you bully me because you’re jealous? Or do you bully me because it’s the only way you can talk to me? Because we both know that you like me, but are too fucking scared to admit it!” He snarled. He was doing everything in his power to not stand up, but he honestly didn’t know how much longer that could last.
John stayed by Sherlock's side constantly and never left it. He didn’t want Sherlock to be alone, not even for a second. Most of the time they just sat there in peaceful silence, but other times they talked about nothing in particular. Sherlock was getting edgy and would snap at John a lot more as the days wore on and on with no end of leaving in sight, but John knew he was just tired and angry. He’d gone through a lot and John wasn’t going to hold that against him. A week had past and John was sitting in the chair that he always sat in. Sherlock was reading a book about worms and then sighed and set it down.
John snapped it shut and shook his head.
John swallowed and slowly walked up to him once Greg had left. "Let's run away together..."
Question:
John growled and wanted to bite him, but just kept crying into his chest instead, “Why! Why should I be strong when you weren’t?? Why do I have to be the strong one?”
I put the stories and the analogies together
The doctor sighed and shook his head. “I’m sorry, but we have to do it now... you may take a moment to say your goodbyes...”
OKAY LITERALLY I'M A TERRIBLE TERRIBLE PERSON!!!! I. AM. SO. SORRY. I know I keep saying this but I’m going to try and be better... my life has just been so hectic with work and then I get home and all I want to do is sleep, but I must go to the gym and then I’m even more exhausted... omg you guys don’t care but moral of the story is IM GOING TO BE BETTER!!!
(See the end of the chapter for
“But I- I don’t understand... Did I do something..? I’m sorry... Please don’t do this... I love you... and I promise to make up for whatever I did that hurt you.” He swallowed down the lump that was forming in his throat as he held the roses tightly in his hand.
Oh good it went away! You wouldn't know this, but it took me ten minutes to write 'Oh' after 'PIN' I took a break, yo!
“And what do people normally say?” John grinned.
“Piss off,” Sherlock said smugly with a smirk playing on his face. He looked at John out of the corner of his eyes and then they both fell into a fit of laughter and John leaned against Sherlock for support. Sherlock liked it when John touched him he decided. He also liked John's smile, his laugh, the way he talked, his voice, his beautiful dark blue eyes, and his perfect teeth. Sherlock liked everything about John and he caught himself thinking that he wanted to be the cause of his smile and his laugh as much as he possibly could.
Sherlock blinked. “And what is it?”
about that? The thought destroyed him, “Sherlock, I know this is hard for you, but suicide is never the answer! Don’t you dare do that... or – or I don’t think I could forgive you...” Not to mention your speech you gave me so many years ago, was left unsaid… but they both heard it.
Sherlock frowned more. “You just like him because he treats you with respect! He looks at me like I’m a fuck up and a freak! Just like everybody else and he’s rude to Mummy! I refuse to show someone kindness that acts like that.”
“Of course,” He hummed and stood up straight. “Whenever you’re ready just click – well, I’m sure I don’t need to tell you how to play a video. Take all the time you need.” And with that he left the room.
John was currently under the covers, with just his face poking out. He was staring at the wall and trying to find sleep, but every time he closed his eyes he thought of Sherlock and it hurt so much... So he just opted to keep them opened.
John looked up and blinked, “Yes...” He nodded and swallowed some. He didn’t want to tell Sherlock because Sherlock’s mum was dying and he didn’t want Sherlock to take him home just because he was feeling a tad ill.
“They’re on their way! They’ll find me!”
“One can only hope,” John smirked in a way that was joking, but he wasn’t really joking because he needed Sherlock to develop feelings for him... if not Sebastian might kill John himself out of spite... though he wouldn’t ever succeed. Still, it would be a tedious affair that he did not wish to involve himself with.
He slowly pulled his hands out of the dirt and turned to face John. He buried his face into John's chest and kept crying, he didn’t even realise John had knelt down next to him, but he was incredibly grateful, “It hurts so bad, John! Make it stop!! Please!!” He cried and cried. John didn’t say anything though, he just held him a bit tighter until he fell asleep in the other boy’s arms.
and here we are. Years later. But like i said this fic is not abandoned, none of my fics are. It just takes time. I'm so so so so so sorry, but there are probably 2-4 chapters left!!! it's almost over and i have loved this journey will you all!!!!
“It doesn’t matter why I did anything Mycroft! The past is in the past and I can’t change that no matter how much I may want to...” He swallowed hard. “Everything I did, everything I ever said to him... he probably thinks it was just a lie... that I was using him for some sick experiment. I acted so well too… so that he would believe every word... I think maybe that’s the worst part.” He cleared his throat and looked away. “What do the doctors say...?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Irene arched and eyebrow and crossed her arms over her chest. She knew why Sherlock had brought John, but she wouldn’t say anything. This was their problem not hers.
Answer:
Sherlock smiled and grabbed Mycroft’s card. He walked to the front door and kissed John softly, “Yes, a sexy five-year-old indeed.”
“Hmm?” John hummed as he scribbled down something.
“Oi! I know how to fly it perfectly!” He grumbled. “Sometimes the TARDIS knows that someone needs help and she takes me there, despite where I want to go.”
John sighed dramatically, seeing this for the losing battle that it was. “Fine! But if you die by some crazy mugger, I’ll murder you!”
He looked across the tables and saw Sherlock sitting at his tree. He looked completely fine and completely normal. The fucking bastard! John would have walked over to him, but he just didn’t have the energy and he didn’t want to create a scene and oddly enough he didn’t have the mental ability to care at the moment. He tried texting him, but Sherlock never replied. Why should he? He didn’t want John... John was just an experiment and he made that very clear, but somehow even though Sherlock broke John into a million pieces John couldn’t stay away... Maybe that was all part of the plan, maybe it wasn’t, John didn’t know. John didn’t know anything and that angered him, but at the same time John didn’t want to know, knowing would make him feel sicker than he already was.
John’s whole world came crashing down and he shook his head, he loved Lily… he refused to believe it, not to mention if it was true Sherlock would slip even further from his old self. “No, you’re lying... Why should I trust you anyway? After everything you’ve done?”
A Pasta-tute
“Should be fine, yeah… and oh, would you look at that... We’re home. Yay,” he said sarcastically.
John screamed and then shot the man four times, three times in the chest and then once right in the middle of the forehead. He was done with Sigar Holmes and he was so angry, he was shaking with rage and anguish because Lily was dying... someone he looked up to as a mother was slowly slipping away and there wasn’t anything he could do about it, but not only that... now he had to go and break the news to Sherlock – someone he didn’t even want to see at the moment. He stared at Sigar’s body for what seemed like hours, but eventually he stood up, grabbed the letters and put them into a box he found, sent Mycroft a text, and then left.
ANYWAY ENJOY THIS CHAPTER IT'S A FUCKING ROLLERCOASTER
A STICK!!! AHAHAHAHAHAH IM SO FUCKING FUNNY! SUCK IT!
Sherlock smirked at him and he wondered just what he had gotten himself into, “Wanna see some more?”
“Oh, Sherlock... I am so sorry.” He swallowed and grabbed Sherlock's free hand, squeezing it gently, before dropping it so Sherlock could eat properly.
fuuuuuccccckkkkk I need to watch Fargo... well time and a place I suppose.
John snapped his eyes opened and made them go as wide as they could go, “YES!”
“Thirty-seven cats!!” Sherlock flailed as much as he could… which actually wasn’t much at all. “John, that is a tad much don’t you think?”
“Now, John.” Mycroft drawled. “Think about this. Wouldn’t it be worse if he were taken to a place and locked up never to see the light of day again? Because I can assure you that’s where he is going.” He waited for John to respond and when he didn’t he continued. “My family owns a special place. Much worse than jail. He will go in and he won’t come out that much I can promise you. So, now the question is: Do you want to stay here and wait for the ambulance to arrive or do you want to leave right now?”
Blake swallowed thickly, but didn’t take his hand away. “Sir..?” That escalated rather quickly and Blake didn't like where this was heading at all. There were rumours that John raped some of the servants, but even though John killed people for a living he couldn’t see John raping anyone... he had a theory that John got raped as a child or something and would never stoop that low... Sure he would make people give him random hand jobs or blow jobs, but he didn't think that he actually fucked anyone unless they wanted it. He knew that any sort of sexual activity without consent was considered rape... so he supposed in a way John did rape people, but he could never see John holding someone down and fucking them senseless while they screamed for mercy. He didn't know why, but he just didn't think that he was that type of person... it was silly to think that really because of all the things John did for a living.
The whole way home was filled with tense silence. Sherlock was angrier than John had ever seen him and it hurt John. It hurt him so much because just hours before Sherlock couldn’t have been happier.  “So Sherlock, I’m going to go for a walk… will you be alright by yourself for a little while?” He swallowed. He knew he was leaving Sherlock at a bad time – at a really bad time, but he was hoping he could find a way to make it better.
“Dramatic....” Sherlock echoes and just blinks at John, “We had sex and you think I’m being dramatic?” He growls.
John was a brilliant man. He was smarter than anyone he had ever had the pleasure of meeting and sometimes he would follow Sherlock Holmes in the paper and would just laugh. Everyone thought that Sherlock was brilliant, a prodigy, but John was so much smarter than him! However, he knew his job and he knew his place... unlike Sherlock he couldn’t flaunt his abilities, but he loved his job more than life so he supposed he was okay with it.
“Always.” Sherlock whispered back.
There was something a bit off with Sherlock, but he couldn’t really place it. He frowned a little and handed him the sandwich. “You okay..?” He asked softly as he sat back down in his chair.
John growled from under the sack that was on his head, “I don’t have to explain shit! Why the hell are you even kidnapping me?” He growled and thrashed around a bit.
“Jesus, John!” Claire choked and knelt down next to him. She brought him in a tight hug and closed her eyes, “I was so worried!”
John rolled back around to face him and swallowed. He gently brought his hand up and stroked Sherlock's cheekbone. “I love you, too.” He whispered. “Did you honestly think I wouldn’t?” He frowned.
“John!” He snapped and he didn’t care what John would do to him for that. This was important, “It’s Mycroft... He called someone and I don’t know how... But you need to come down.”
Sherlock's point of view... boooowwwwwchiiicccckkkkaaaa wowowow
Sherlock and John both said their goodbyes and then they were alone in their flat. The tension was eating at both of them and John’s brain was running over a million possible things to say, and not say. One of which being that he didn’t think he would ever be standing in this room with Sherlock again, it had been so long since the last time Sherlock was here with him, he couldn’t tell if he was relieved or angrier. And the fact that Claire wasn’t fazed in the slightest only told him one thing: she fucking
OH MY GOSH IT'S SO FUNNYYYY AHAHAHYA okay i need to sleep this sickness is getting to my brain.
“Because we aren’t lost,” He grumbled. “I know exactly where we are.” Sherlock puffed out his chest with confidence and kept up his walking pace.
JoKe oF tHe ChApTeR:
Sherlock’s heart swelled in his chest and he barely was able to suppress the whimper that threatened to escape him. He wanted to tell him he didn’t have to do that. He wanted to thank him at the same time. What he did say however surprised the both of them, “Marry me…”
Mycroft raised an eyebrow at his comment, but then just chose to ignore him because this was clearly more important. “You’re getting sidetracked John. Where did you and the bunny go to eat..?”
John jumped and stopped moving his finger. “Sorry!! Sorry!!” he waited awhile and then slowly started to push into Sherlock once again. He watched Sherlock's facial expressions like a hawk to make sure he wasn’t hurting him because that was the last thing he wanted. But he seemed to be going slow enough now because Sherlock moaned and arched his back off the bed. John waited a while and then added a second finger.
John smirked, “Oh, that’s brilliant!” He snickered to himself, “All of those cases were my doing!” He spat. “So actually I think I will get away with this.” He grinned darkly and then walked over to Mycroft and began tying him up to the chair with some rope he found on the ground. Mycroft's phone was busted so he knew he couldn’t contact help anymore.
“Wait… I should probably go and get my stuff from, Sherlock's. If you give me your address I can come right over, I promise.”
“I can’t believe you!!! You don’t even know him!” He growled.
Sherlock didn’t say anything, he honestly didn’t know what to say – apparently there was a god though because suddenly his phone vibrated and he breathed a sigh of relief. “My mother wants to see us. Bring a board game.” He said standing up abruptly, running out of the flat.
He grabbed a jacket and then walked out to hail a cab, riding in cabs were hard for John without Sherlock by his side... that was one of the things they did frequently together and even though it was such a small thing, it hurt John terribly. John told the address to the cabbie as he leaned back and kept his eyes shut.
He sometimes left clues here or there, but even then Sherlock could never solve it. He felt a sense of pride in the matter because everyone considered Sherlock the most brilliant mind of this generation, but nothing he did could ever solve one of John's killings.
“Umm…” Sherlock frowned. He wanted it to be perfect, he grinned as he thought of a good place to go. “January 2014! I want to see if The Mayans were right about the world ending!”
A voice whispered.
Once out of Scotland Yard Sherlock took John's hand and ran all the way home. He wasn’t about to stop, not when something so brilliant happened. He slammed the door open and ran up the steps, not bothering to shut the front door. All the while he was holding onto John’s hand so that he couldn’t escape! That did sound a little creepy in Sherlock’s head, but he needed John alone and he needed him alone now. He finally, finally, got to their room and opened the door and then slammed it as he pushed John against the wall. “That thing you did…” He whispered against John’s neck. “That- that was good.” He leaned in and kissed John's throat heatedly.
"I'm just saying... It's been a year and you aren't getting any better... Did you even go to the therapy sessions I set up for you?"
funny how dreams change, isn't is. Still love London to bits, and would love to live there, but going to school there wasn’t the right thing for me. So, no past me. you didn’t die. haha
“Again. Sometimes you can be such a romantic, but most times you just suck the life out of romanticness.” He smirked up at him.
“Where on earth did you think you got your brain from? It certainly wasn’t your father.” She hummed, rolling her eyes as best as she could.
John nodded slowly and ran out of the room. Sherlock had no idea what John chose to do, because he had left the pool, but the next thing he knew everything went black.
so.... that was a bit anticlimactic... NOT. Umm so yeah.. Lestrade is evil.... So that's that... but let me tell you something... I did not make Lestrade evil because I don't like him.. He's actually one of my favourites.. It's just... Well Yeah.. it just happened and also I've never read a fanfic where Lestrade is evil... so you know i thought i would mix it up. It does give it a twist no one was expecting. i mean.... Maybe I have... Guys I've read over 300 johnlock fanfics... I just don't know anymore.. and it sucks because it's really hard to find new ones... If you have suggestions YOU SHOULD COMMENT THEM!!! im a bit obsessed.. SO YAYA!! evil Lestrade!!
“Tell me... Who is going to find you Mycroft? Who is coming? Because your dear, heartbroken brother can’t even find you. It makes him feel like a failure. How does that make big brother feel?” He smirked.
John swallowed as his phone vibrated and looked down at the incoming text. He hadn’t gone far; he just went to Regent’s Park, which was right down the street from Baker Street. He didn’t know why he didn’t just go back to the motel, it was stupid to waste all the money he had and not even stay in the bloody place. He also didn’t know how long it would take for Sherlock to read all of the letters and he really didn’t want to go to his room, only to be leaving again within minutes. Unfortunately, he wasn’t tired either so he wasn’t planning on sleeping at all that night, if he had gone back to his room and slept that would be different, but he supposed he was waiting for Sherlock to reply. That and the adrenaline of the last few hours was keeping him on edge.
John sighed heavily again, “the chances of us getting married or staying together forever are very slim... and if we do… the chances of us being happy are also slim because we are always together... this is my first true relationship and I know it’s yours as well, that being said...” he trailed off again, trying to regain his thoughts. He couldn’t think of a way to put this lightly so he just decided to come right out and say it, but Sherlock cut him off.
Sherlock stood up as well so that he could be taller than John, he didn’t like the fact John was looming over him. “I don’t need to do anything.” He growled out. “I don’t need to prove myself to you just because you’re feeling paranoid.”
Mycroft rolled his eyes, but was smiling at the sentimental exchange happening further in the room. “Well, I called an ambulance. Harry, will you be alright here?” He waited for an answer, but she just nodded at him. “So, we have one of two options. We can wait for the ambulance to arrive to make sure he doesn’t leave or we—“
John sniffled and looked up at Zack. He was an attractive boy... Tall and defined. He just wanted comfort and Zack was giving him that. He swallowed and buried his head against Zack's chest and just continued to cry.
Sherlock just groaned in response and tugged on John’s dog tags.
more… but he just had this feeling. “Also tomorrow I’m going to stop paying for my motel and just move my stuff in here, if it doesn’t end up working you can tell me to bugger off, but I spend all of my time here anyway. I’m wasting money that I don’t have.” He sighed loudly.
She blinked at him and then shoved him to the ground, “Jesus Christ you’re so temperamental. No wonder no one wants to be with you.” She grumbled as she unlocked the door and left.
John clenched his gun tightly at the memory. He was visibly shaking and he shouldn’t have let his mind wander. He’d been doing that a lot recently and he hated it.
UNTIL NEXT TIME BITCHES
” This was certainly not how he wanted to spend his evening. He was hoping the man would just stab him once and be done, he knew that was wishful thinking, however. He wasn’t scared because he didn’t care, he just thought that this was very inconvenient to his evening.
John sighed and made his voice go high, trying to impersonate a woman’s, “Dear Mr. Watson I would like you to get rid of the neighbour’s dog because it barks at night and I think one more night of this and I might go mental.” He shoved the paper in Blake’s face and then made his voice go back to normal. “Firstly, I’m not a bloody dog catcher and secondly, look at the price.”
“It’s bad, John... I don't want you to know...” He swallowed hard and tried to pull his hand away, John wouldn’t let him though, he just held on tighter.
DEUCES!!!
Sherlock deduced everything about the woman currently lying dead on the floor and John pretended to be amazed. Though he was a bit proud that he was able to deduce it a bit faster than Sherlock... well that wasn’t really fair now was it? No, it wasn’t considering the fact that he was behind this whole scheme. He already knew everything before they even arrived at the place and before the police had come to Sherlock. Before he walked to Baker Street that night and before he even met Sherlock yesterday. He had been planning this ever since Sebastian had called him. So he supposed that in retrospect he didn’t actually deduce it before Sherlock because he already knew it.
Justin who?
day.’ WOULD HAVE BEEN VERY MUCH APPRECIATED!” He winched as pain shot through him, but he continued to ignore it.
“Go! I’ll find you!!! Just GO!” Mycroft pushed Sherlock out of the house as a bullet whizzed past Mycroft’s head.
"Hey. I've been thinking a lot recently and I think it would be best if you moved out of the flat. You know... Get a fresh start." She swallowed slightly and started wiping down the table, it was a nervous tick John noticed. She did it every time a customer made her feel uncomfortable and she wasn’t in a position to leave yet. This just confirmed it because he had been sat here since before the bar even opened, nursing his beer and not spilling anything. There was nothing on the stupid counter to clean up in front of him.
But now Sherlock was back, and he was in his life again, but it just felt like everything had taken so many steps back. Sherlock acted like he was fine. He was patient with John, he hardly got angry with him, and he smiled a lot. In a way, he seemed even happier than the Sherlock John knew in High School and that just wasn’t right.
“The police don’t consult amateurs.”
She smiled in her sleep and mumbled something about her boys and then fell back into a deep slumber, Sherlock was certain she was never really awake to begin with. Still, he smiled nonetheless and managed to fall asleep almost instantly.
Fish and ships.
Love you all! xx
“That’s because he sent no one, you fuckwit!” He snapped, “He lied to you.”
Brian chuckled softly and he smiled in return, “Yeah, I think it does.”
Sherlock grinned back at him, thank god for that. He wasn’t sure what he would have done if John had been seeing other people while he was away, “Good.” He replied and just laid down in his arms.
(E-Even, F-Effort, G-Energy, H-Ancient.)
John blinked more and then started laughing. “Sorry, mate. You are going about the whole cosplay thing completely wrong.”
“THERE IS A FLYING DRAGON!!!! THERE ARE DRAGONS IN 2014!!” He flailed some.
He watched as the car drove right off the edge and plummeted into the river. Sherlock screamed John's name and that was rather silly because John was in a car and couldn’t hear him, but Sherlock screamed it anyway... He screamed it over and over and over again as he ran, even though he was wasting energy by doing so. By the time he got to the ledge of the drop off the car was nowhere to be seen, only water, ripples, and muck! “Come on, John...” He muttered under his breath. “Come on!!!”
Soooooo how did you like it? I know i'm a cruel human sometimes, but I think that it's worth it!!!
Days turned into weeks and weeks turned into months and there was no sign of Sherlock… John began to get angry and resentful, but he didn’t stop writing because he needed answers. If he wrote enough times Sherlock would get pissed off and write back, right? Even if it was to tell him to fuck off. He knew he wasn’t dead, or deathly ill. He had contacted the Commanding Officer and they were kind enough to look into it for him. No death records, no missing person reports, and no hospital visits. Sherlock had honestly probably just tired of him, but to ignore him instead of writing back saying that was bloody immature.
“What’s stupid? WHAT’S STUPID?!” John came to an abrupt halt and cut Sherlock off so he couldn’t move anymore. “I left my house, Sherlock! I am now homeless! I don’t have anywhere to go and you are asking me what’s stupid?!” he growled, he couldn’t believe this guy. Supposedly, he was the most brilliant kid in the whole school, but John was starting to doubt that right now. ‘What’s stupid’ are you even kidding me?
Well, maybe not
– taking Sherlock completely by surprise.
Sherlock Holmes, because in all honesty, you don’t look anything like him!” Then at John, “Are you
Arnold beamed with enthusiasm as he signed, “Correct. You will be helped by me.”
could have done!” John shouted. He briefly closed his eyes.
Sherlock thanked the Heavens and all the gods he never believed in.
John’s eyebrows rose impossibly higher as a sign for Sherlock to explain what he was trying to say.
“This is me.” She handed him the paper and backed away, smiling bashfully.
Although leaving without a trace came natural to both of them – what with all the rotating secret locations they’d lived at with Jim – this time, it felt as if she had to rip her own heart out and then make it vanish.
“Yes, please,” John breathed.
John turned back around to see Sherlock digging his fingers into his scalp in frustration.
And then it occurred to her.
If only he could stop trembling.
“I already promised you that, John.”
John could tell that his cravings were bad, however, even though Sherlock hadn’t said a word.
To get close to him. Talk to him.
The rhythm of Sherlock’s breathing matched John’s movements, as he let out quiet gasps every time John flexed his gorgeous buttocks to steadily thrust his hips forward and fill Sherlock with the wonderful feeling of giddiness that was John’s cock massaging his prostate.
“Don’t do that,” John said.
All this time, Sherlock had pictured his middle brother as a madman, locked away like a wild animal, not capable of compassion, empathy, or any sort of intelligence. Yet reality seemed totally different. To Sherlock’s utter astonishment, Sherrinford had appeared genuinely glad to have Sherlock visit him. And those paintings… They were clearly made with deliberation and insight. As was the decision to give Sherlock this particular one. Although what his motive was, Sherlock could only guess.
He tried to smile at this, to at least partially hide his sarcasm, but failed.
He opened his laptop and started scouring the internet.
It then occurred to him that Rosie naturally possessed a percentage of the same genes Aunt Viv had as well, which was some more consolation. When he was mentally trying to estimate the portion, his phone beeped.
John nodded, briefly cupping Sherlock’s jaw with his hand in a soft caress. “I will. But I’m sure you’ll be fine. Now stop loitering and make love to me. Please. This is long overdue.”
. I spent those entire two years doing everything I did, for
He came harder than ever before.
Friendly.
Sherlock raised one half-fake eyebrow.
Sherlock felt as if his chest might explode. God, John was gorgeous like this. Smitten. With
. They undoubtedly had some warning system in place where Mycroft was alerted as soon as he broke the rules. All the better. He could use a little help.
Defeated, Greg grabbed the phone and did as John asked.
From the minute they got off the train at their final destination, Sherrinford held on to Sherlock’s elbow, all the way to the restaurant, and in fact to their table, where the others were already waiting for them.
Vivian Norbury had been through worse. She felt that to this ordeal, at least, there was a very clear purpose. It was the bare minimum she could do, after abandoning her nephew and niece all those years ago. She was almost glad, in fact, that she had now been given an opportunity to make up for that.
“Listen, um, John,” Sherlock said. “While there is a chance you won’t face charges for this, as it was alter ego defence, the fact that you were married to her does make the argument of ‘trying to defend your aunt’ less believable. I’m afraid this might turn ugly, unless we call in Mycroft.”
He took a short breath.
Sherlock was waiting for the next question.
Slowly, the door swayed open and she came in with a plate of biscuits. Good old Mrs Hudson.
will no longer be followed around on the streets, which is why you came to me in the first place.” From the periphery of his vision, he noticed Bob’s eyes grow to twice their size.
One of the nurses briefly looked up and smiled.
John enjoyed the unfamiliar feel of it all. The food was different, the buildings were different, and although everyone around them seemed to speak English really well, it all felt decidedly foreign.
“Maybe we should look into the fruit trader, then, after all,” John commented, drowsily.
Because I split another chapter in two, this means that the second one is ready extra soon! :)
in the weekends,” Moore said, a bit more subdued by now.
“So you don’t want to do it?” Sherlock asked, unsure.
“Also, I’ve talked to Mycroft,” Sherlock said, “and Hannah, the agent, will stay with us for as long as we need her. Because you need to rest as much as possible for a while yet, and even after that, she might come in handy, as long as Eurus Moriarty is still out there.”
The poor plant subtly waved its big leaves at them at an odd angle, seemingly in an attempt to remind them of its predicament.
, and it’s only a
Feeling the weight of him had a strangely comforting effect, while at the same time, feeling John’s cock pressing against his thigh, so close to his own and without any fabric between them this time, made Sherlock’s heart pound in his chest.
Naturally, Sherlock was nowhere near interested in any of the scenarios John had let himself fantasise about in the still hours of the night. John had never
John noticed the western sky looked like rain, as he rang Mrs Robins’s doorbell.
“Oh, don’t worry,” Mycroft smiled. “They know already; we have discussed at length how happy you two are together. John is more than welcome.” Mycroft suddenly looked as smug as John had ever seen him.
He thought of John, talking to his therapist while she listened and took notes. How did that even work?
Sherlock let out an uncharacteristic but genuine giggle and there was a kind of relief in his eyes that John couldn’t quite place.
* * * * *
John looked tired. Exhausted.
“Stop.”
As their luxury room was considerably larger than the places they’d stayed at previously, this not only meant that Chloe finally had a proper play area of her own, but also that they had been able to put Chloe’s cot around a little corner, giving them some privacy in bed at last.
For an elaborate collection of Johnlock fanart by various artists see
Thankfully, Rosie was in a phase where she could contently occupy herself with a couple of clothes pegs or some pinecones for half an hour easily. When she got bored, John and Sherlock took turns reading picture books to her.
Just as the cab turned the last corner into Windsor Drive, Sherlock heard the sound of a gunshot through his phone’s speakers and thought he might be sick.
,” Sherlock had concluded.
-- Mary’s accomplice escaped with the pearl. She will run. Don’t lose her! SH
He should really stop making assumptions without checking, Sherlock resolved, once again, regardless of how good he was at them most of the time.
“With lots of rows of seats.”
“By the looks of it, she’ll dance before she learns to
“To be fair,” Sherlock said softly, “it does feel like I had to wait 129 years to be where I am now, together with you, surrounded by my loved ones.” He had really only been talking to John, but everyone had suddenly fallen silent and seemed to have their full attention on him.
“She’s going to make you kill one of us, Sherlock,” John said through clenched teeth. “Your brother or me. Just choose me and get it over with.”
(Of course, the thing was anatomically incorrect on several points, which Sherlock had all explained to both John and Rosie, but she loved it regardless. Children were funny that way.)
Sherlock blinked a couple of times. He didn’t understand John’s reaction, couldn’t understand what he’d just asked. “So it isn’t that, then?” he managed. He didn’t want to consider the alternative that was now, once more, trying to present itself to him. But the words came out of his mouth before he’d allowed them to. “You just don’t love me anymore, then?” His eyes were burning and he cursed himself for becoming emotional like this.
“Thanks. I guess.”
He obeyed unquestioningly and let her look inside his throat.
“At least you can sit with him,” Mycroft said eventually. Startlingly, he looked decidedly…
“Someone might have mentioned it before, occasionally, yes.”
When just a quarter before closing time, they passed a shop with art supplies, Sherrinford stopped to look and made it clear he wanted to go inside. So they did.
“Oohh…
“Harold Chorley reporting earlier today,” the newsreader said. “Mr Smith stated he had no interest in bringing charges.” The footage cut away to Smith, in the mortuary, talking to a reporter. A strap at the bottom of the screen showed his name. “I’m a fan of Sherlock Holmes. I’m a big fan. I don’t really know what happened today. To be honest, I don’t think I’d be standing here now if it wasn’t for Doctor Watson.”
They never told the DI the real story. Naturally, he didn’t want to know. He seemed to know very well where not to look, though.
The woman who had come to his flat pretending to be Faith was somehow linked to Moriarty. Maybe to his brother – another Moriarty.
The silence in his head afterwards was quite possibly nearly as marvellous as all the rest of this was.
He threw the last dirty wipe in the bin with a sense of great satisfaction and victory.
Turning back to John, Greg laughed, “Aw, but I guess I should either stop complaining or just hook up with a bloke, like you!” He grinned. “So tell me, how are things now between you and the madman?”
They all looked at each other.
“I don’t want to die.”
Just then, he becomes aware of the fact that Sherlock’s cock is becoming flaccid and the condom is about to slip off. John rests a hand on Sherlock’s hip so as not to startle him, before whispering, “I’m just going to take this off for you, alright?” After carefully, though somewhat clumsily, removing the condom with his other hand (not wanting to move the one on Sherlock’s hip), he sloppily throws the thing in the sink behind him.
As they sat in their bed with their arms around each other, Sherlock felt his adrenaline and stress hormones slowly start to seep out of his circulation and become replaced by a heavy and exhausted feeling throughout his body. He felt utterly stupid, but very happy to have been wrong.
Sometimes he played his violin – loudly, so that at least Mrs Hudson would hear.
There was a look of mild horror on his brother’s face at the sight of the infant, which quickly faded into curious wonder. He seemed to scrutinise both Sherlock and John, but especially John, as if trying to deduce what the nature of their relationship was.
“Very big. I think more than ten seats next to each other, in some places.”
“With the dildo,” Sherlock whispered into his ear, clarifying, as he gently pulled John towards the bed. He tumbled backwards onto the mattress, taking John with him, at which both let out a giggly grunt. “So, do you want to see?”
“Yeah, I can imagine. You definitely deserve some rest. But how about your work, John? Aren’t they pestering you to come back yet?”
Contributing to that was the fact that his blasted wig itched like hell.
But he kept postponing taking action.
Sherlock rested his shoulder against the wall of the little hallway downstairs, as he surveyed the collection of bags and suitcases he and John had helped carry down from two floors above.
And Sherlock wholeheartedly said yes every time.
After having bottomed four times now, he still hadn’t experienced the ecstasy of prostate stimulation, and he’d never actually reached orgasm while doing it like that, but still he liked it, feeling Sherlock inside of him. It wasn’t something he would want every day, personally, but he definitely wouldn’t mind seeing Sherlock lose himself on top of him every once in a while. It was mainly the
If it hadn’t been for a remark by Smith’s assistant that John had happened to overhear, though – referring to another appointment Smith was heading for immediately after Lestrade was done with him – John would never have left Sherlock in that hospital unsupervised, of course. But luck seemed to be on their side.
It was like the world started crumbling down around him: all the ugliness, evil, misery and gloom fading away to reveal just Sherlock, his soulmate, sitting at his bed in the golden light, waiting for his reaction. Loyal and honest, and completely vulnerable.
don’t feel inadequate. That’s not helping, you know.” John looked at him intently. “Sherlock, you are the strongest and most amazing person I have ever met. It’s awe inspiring to see the things that you have gone through, both on purpose and unasked for. And this is just one of those things. It proves how strong and amazing you are. It doesn’t change anything. The only problem is that
