"Fuck me." Castiel whimpered as Dean held his wrists tightly above his head. A smirk formed upon Dean's mouth just before he started pressing his hard dick against Castiel's.  This brought a groan from Cas that shot chills up Dean's spine.
They were once again lost in each other until Castiel broke the kiss to say, "I'm sorry but I need to put my sheets in the washer." They both laughed and he hurried and put the sheets in.
“It looks like Castiel has made his decision. And this ‘God’ you worship isn’t here. God gave up on you vermin a long time ago. You all betray, lie, murder and rape your kind constantly, humans haven’t changed since the beginning of time so do you really believe the being who created all of this is going to give one fuck if a man wants another man?”
Without saying anything Castiel leaned over to his nightstand where he opened the drawer with lube in hand.
Dean and Castiel have been roommates since college and often joke about how the Universe brought them together, for they shared such a profound bond. They seemed to do everything together and Dean adored Castiel. Little did he know however, Castiel had been in love with Dean for as long as he could remember. He knew Dean wasn’t gay so he always kept that locked away deep inside. Sometimes when they were drunk, Cas could swear Dean wanted him. The look in his eyes, or the way his hand would linger on Castiel’s shoulder a bit longer than normal, or how he would find reasons to fall asleep in Castiel’s bed; but he made sure to keep his urges in check. Despite being in love with Dean, there was just as much lust there, so he had to work double to keep his shit together. He wanted to touch every inch of Dean. Sometimes he would catch a glimpse of Dean going into his room after a shower and couldn’t help but let his eyes wander. He would let Dean have him in any way he saw fit, all Dean had to do was make the move.
Dean grabbed a handful of Castiel’s hair and pulled him back so their faces were barely inches apart. “You think you’re man enough to take me?” Dean bit his lip as he batted his eyes at his best friend.
“You’re a fucking pussy.” Dean echoed as he pushed Castiel against the wall. Castiel bit his lower lip as he examined the wet body before him.
Cas pulled his boxers off and laid down onto his stomach. Dean sat there and admired his body, so perfectly toned and his ass perfectly round. Dean swallowed hard as he lubed up one of his fingers and with a deep breath he began working at Castiel's entrance.
“Oh yeah? Well then it’s a date, daddy.” The emphasis on the word ‘daddy’ made Castiel’s body shudder. He chose to ignore the nickname even though he really enjoyed it.
“I love my wife but I can’t stop sleeping with the babysitter…” Castiel shifted in his chair as he tried to figure out what he was going to say.
“Well, see ya later, buddy good luck.” He quickly exited the sanctuary and the air filled with a tension so heavy Castiel wasn’t sure if he should just run.
“What the fuck is your problem, guy?” Dean blurted out with a little more emotion than he anticipated.
"Dean," Castiel growled as he bit Dean's neck. "I'm going to cum." He gasped, rubbing his hands down the other man's body.
“I’ve never heard you complain once, darling. You’ve betrayed me but I’m not going to kill you today. No, no… I’m going to wait you out, and I’m going to fuck your pretty boy in front of you over and over until his ass falls out and then I’m going to have myself a real good day and finally get rid of your pretty fucking ass because”
“That’s right, Father, fuck me good, the way he fucks her.” Dean whispered as he rolled his hips on the other man’s dick, bringing heavy breaths from both of them. He gripped each side of the door frame for leverage and he began slowly bouncing up and down in long aggressive thrusts. This had Castiel coming apart beneath him, doing everything in his power not to scream Dean’s name. How the man on the other side of the wall didn’t hear them or the old wooden booth creaking is something Castiel couldn’t figure out because the story just seemed to continue.
"Fuck, Dean. So tight." Castiel cried as he slowly thrust forward, desperately trying not to cum right then. He buried his head into Dean's chest and began biting and sucking at his nipples.
“Now we both know that isn’t true, don’t we?” Dean hummed. Castiel couldn’t say anything because Dean was right. He didn’t want him to stop, but what choice did he have.
“Yeah but I like to think I handle you best. You bring out the best in me, Castiel. I thought that part of me was long gone and I definitely didn’t think going into this assignment that I’d fall in love. I didn’t think I could ever. I’ll protect you as long as I breathe. I will slit Crowley’s throat if he comes anywhere near you. I’m so sick of his shit and I have been for quite some time.” Castiel looked at the cut Crowley had made with his blade on Dean’s neck and touched it gingerly. Dean winced slightly at first then leaned into the touch.
“I’m not worthy of someone like you, but that doesn’t keep me from thinking about you fucking me as hard as you can, the sound of your balls slapping against me while you have a finger hooked in the side of my cheek. Telling me how much you hate me and yourself for wanting this.” Castiel glared ominously as he gripped Dean’s hard dick in his hand.
“Every week? How about everyday? You can just sneak in after the team leaves on practice days. Locker room lovers.” Dean winked.
Castiel felt his stomach drop when he couldn’t help but notice the basic resemblance between them and the two men on screen. Perhaps it was just a coincidence?
“The other night she was wearing these ripped jeans and there was a tear just below one of her butt cheeks and I couldn’t stop staring at her smooth skin, I just wanted to rip them the rest of the way and take her right there against the side of the couch while my wife was in the next room putting the kids to bed. She kept looking back at me knowing how bad I wanted it but couldn’t have it.” Dean shot Castiel an evil, evil grin. Castiel rolled his eyes out of annoyance with Dean and sexual frustration. The man kept talking as Dean dropped down to his knees before Cas, staring at him intently. Castiel felt his dick grow hard against his pants as Dean slowly rubbed his hands up and down his thighs to the crease of his thighs but never quite touching Castiel’s throbbing member. His eyes fluttered shut as he tried to keep quiet.
Dean began massaging Castiel's prostate with his fingers which caused his hips to buck up against Dean's hand.
“You’ve done it to yourself… it’s not much different. Stroke me the way you stroke yourself when you think of me. Don’t lie and say you haven’t done it thinking of me. Lying is a sin.” The way he bit his lip in a cocky manner brought a rush of lust over Castiel. He ripped Dean’s shirt off then worked the button and zipper that was constricting Dean’s aching cock, hearing a hiss slip from Dean’s lips once he was fully exposed. Castiel froze as he stared at the other man’s thick member.
“I’m gonna cum again!” Castiel wailed in pain and pleasure as they both rode out their orgasms together.
Heat flooded Castiel's body at the thought of being inside of Dean. He followed Dean into the bedroom and watched him undress seductively which caused Cas to follow by removing his clothing as well. Their warm bodies slammed against each other as Dean's mouth welcomed Castiel's massaging tongue. A moan slipped from both of them, desperate for the touch of the other.
“Just try to relax and breathe.” Dean said in a soothing voice. He did exactly what Dean said as he felt the small burning sensation as Dean pressed one finger into him. This brought a gasp from Castiel’s lips and he winced as Dean began working inside of him. “It’ll get better, you just have to relax.” Without warning another finger slipped into Castiel and his hips jerked up off the bed. Dean took his time scissoring his fingers around in Castiel’s ass until the man was a moaning mess beneath him.
“I think I’ll be taking this with me.” He kissed Crowley on the forehead, asserting dominance and basking in the defeat of the other man. Castiel could see the hurt on Crowley’s face as he realized what he had with Dean was over and that he was free; but the glare Crowley was giving Castiel was enough to cause a pit in his stomach.
“Father Castiel… Is this true?” Metatron was always kind of a dick, trying to catch Castiel out of line for his own ego.
“Well what can you sense from me right now?” Castiel grimaced, trying to act as if he didn’t want the other man to touch every inch of him.
“In all the years I’ve known you I never thought you were capable of such an act. No idea you were gay, or even had a sexual orientation for that matter… You were always the one who did what they were told and what every parent wanted their child to be. Everyone in this town comes to you looking for answers just hoping you will lead them down the right path and today you basically just stuck your middle finger in the face of everyone around you.” Castiel looked down in shame but once he looked back up he noticed that a smirk had washed over Gabriel’s face. “Good for you.” Gabriel’s eyes sparkled as his eyes went back and forth between the two men. Relief fell over Castiel at Gabe’s response and was delighted when he came in for a hug. “You’re right, man. I’m in a marriage that’s loveless and hell, she’s the one who drags me here every Sunday morning you think I want to get out of bed on my day off? No! I work all week to support her… that’s my time. I’m done with this shit. I’m going to get a divorce and fuck the babysitter and I can only assume you’re about to resign and continue to fuck this hunk of man that stands before us, which good pick by the way.” Gabriel winked then noticed movement to the right of him.
“Because why? Because you can’t control me anymore? You never really had control over me I hope you realize that, and I’ll be ready any fucking time you’re ready to dance, baby you just say the fucking word. Now if you’re just going to sweet talk me and not fight or fuck me then I suggest you leave.” Crowley slowly narrowed his eyes on Castiel.
“Well it certainly made it easier to open the door that way but I’ve been debating on this for months while sober. I just fucking want you, Cas. You’re sexy as fuck and whatever we just did… I’m gonna need more of that in my life.” He softly brushed a thumb over Castiel’s nipple as he spoke.
There stood the pope of the church along with a couple nuns who had apparently heard the entire conversation. Gabriel’s eyes widened as he looked back at Castiel.
“What? You’re like a fucking robot!” Dean yelled and it caused Castiel to smile as he was abruptly shoved into the wall.
Dean let out a gasp-like yelp as he could feel the hard suction Castiel was creating with his mouth.
"Yeah, um I was gonna see what you're doing tonight. I just moved here and I'm trying to make some friends." Dean's tone sounded slightly embarrassed but that gave Cas the power.
“Thank you for the commentary, Crowley.” Dean retorted as he grabbed the blade laying on the ground and held it up to Crowley’s short neck.
Castiel’s eyes shot open when he felt Dean’s hand wrap around his begging member and jerked him relentlessly. “Dean! Don’t stop, oh fffff-uck!” Castiel cried out as he blew his load all over himself, Dean continued pumping him quickly, allowing his cum to lube his dick even more. He shook with overstimulation, begging Dean to stop stroking his abused dick but the more Castiel tried to make him stop the harder he pumped. Castiel squirmed underneath Dean, whimpering loudly and that’s all it took to send Dean over the edge.
"I know, it's just every gay guy in this town is so... boring. Nothing shocks them anymore." Cas dramatically stated as they both giggled.
“Castiel…nnnghhh… Cas… let me fuck you.” Dean’s voice pleading as his hips involuntarily fucked up into Castiel’s tightened fist. The words caused Castiel to freeze after a moment and he looked at Dean like a deer in headlights. “I promise I can give you pleasure in ways you never even imagined just by fucking into that tight little ass.” His voice became an aroused growl by the time he had finished the sentence.
“I guess it would be their strength and gruffness, how a man can just grab you and dominate you… they can own you. It’s about the masculinity.” Cas said, as his thoughts came to him.
"It's Cas, what's up?" He tried to sound as casual as possible, ignoring his heart thudding in his chest.
“Well then, Father… how would you like it?” Castiel stood stunned which gave Dean the okay to continue.
“I’m saying this life is short and it’s hard and cold with so much endless suffering. So you find something that feels good, something you like and let it absolutely destroy you.” Castiel couldn’t believe the words coming out of his mouth but as soon as the sentence was finished he blew his load into Dean and held his breath, letting it out in small bursts to try and continue being as quiet as he could. Dean looked back at him just as surprised at his words, seductively continuing to milk Castiel’s begging dick.
“You have a dick like that and are a priest?? Way to not share with the class…” Dean trailed off as he firmly gripped Castiel’s dick.
“You’re just going to be stupid about it. I’m not watching gay porn with you.” Castiel chuckled and shook his head.
“Goddamnit.” He muttered as he heard Gordon exit the room. “Pussy.” He heard him say in the hall as his footsteps became more distant. Castiel could feel the anger and tears well up.
"Fuck." Cas hissed at the sensation of being opened up. This caused a quiet moan to slip from Dean's lips as he began to work another finger in.
“Everything you beg me not to do but ache for inside.” Dean whispered, yanking Castiel off the floor and under the running showerhead. Their lips crashed together once more then Castiel pulled away and stared at Dean in a lustful haze.
"Well here is my number in case you change your mind. And my name is Cas, by the way." Cas wrote it out on a small piece of paper and allowed his hand to rub against Dean's as he gave it to him. It was electric.
He suddenly stopped the harsh thrusts as he was sent over the edge. Cas could feel himself fill up with Dean's cum as Dean screamed his name and thrusted into him a few more times before falling breathless against Castiel's toned back.
“The way you looked at me during your sermon… I could tell you wanted nothing more than for me to run my hands up and down your untarnished body.”
The rest of his shift he checked his phone but there were no notifications from Dean. Today was Castiel's short day so he clocked out at 3 and exited the diner.
"Would you like me to make some coffee or something?" Castiel offered as he put his keys on the table.
He teased the puckering skin with flicks of his tongue, eliciting a low whine from Dean. With just a hint of pressure, Castiel put the tip of his tongue against the center, feeling the ring of muscle strain and relent ever so slightly. Dean moaned openly now, and encouraged by this show of pleasure Castiel repeated the motion several times, each repetition his tongue delving a bit deeper. And then he stopped.
“As for that, I can only guess. It causes me to recall a few years ago, not terribly long after you and your brother prevented the apocalypse, when I was --- when, I was, uh, terribly misguided.”
, at night, was infested. It was still grimy and the worse for wear, but it was teeming with guests who rattled around the tables and past stools and in and out of booths, filling the place with an awful, brassy din and the smell of liquor and cheap cologne. There were a number of other bars he could be in right now, ones in safer neighborhoods, closer to his apartment with friendlier crowds and cleaner tabletops, but Castiel was far less likely to run into anyone he knew in this place. Unfamiliarity granted anonymity granted freedom to do as he liked, and Castiel wanted to get drunk. Very drunk.
“I’ve got a roommate,” he said, deciding to give Dean warning, “but he’s probably not here right now. He goes to parties, and other things.”
“You know perfectly well what I--” Castiel started, before grimacing and taking a step back, freeing the man from the wall.
“Oh, I don’t know,” Castiel scoffed, sarcasm in his every word, “maybe, because I find being watched by some strange man lurking in the corner of a bar a bit, unsettling?”
Cas nodded, eyes glued to Dean. Honestly, Dean had gotten used to the personal space thing; but this right here was a
Missouri was older than Pamela, Castiel noted, though not significantly. He wasn’t particularly skilled at guessing age, but he had taken Pamela to be a year or two older than him. Missouri looked to be about thirty. Her defined features had lost the blurring of youth, but retained the fullness and glow that lent vitality to her striking form. Her hair was cropped short, her eyes were big and soulful, and her lips were painted a deep crimson.
“Man, you gotta tell me how bad this stuff is. It might need stitches.” Dean said, regretting to have waited so long to fix the angel up.
” came a snarling voice to his right, from a man that Castiel had just shouldered into. Castiel sped up, offering no apology.
Castiel was nearing the inevitable, but he was determined to lay his claim. Having Dean beneath him, vulnerable and sex drunk and wanting him, was more than Castiel would have ever dared ask for. He would make the most of this moment. As if it was his only chance. But he hoped it wasn’t. He’d never wanted something more in his life.
Glasses in one hand and bottle of wine and screw in the other, Castiel walked back into the living area to find Dean sitting uncertainly on the edge of the couch. He smiled as Castiel approached.
Angry with himself, with this weakness, Castiel’s feet carried him after Dean, hovering a few paces back as Dean flagged down Roy and got them two more beers. Dean turned then, beers in hand, eyebrows raised and a playful grin lighting up his features. Any fight left in Castiel had been snuffed out minutes ago, quelled by the gentle curve of a collarbone catching the light or perhaps a flit of eyelashes, but Castiel refused to admit it to himself. Dean, with a nod of his head, pointed out an empty booth near where they had been standing. It, too, was in partial shadow.
Dean pulled off of his cock with a popping noise, and Castiel’s knees shuddered. Castiel kicked off his boxers as Dean made room for him. He’d moved into a kneel, face pink with pleasure, erection heavy between his legs. Meeting in the middle, Castiel clambered onto the bed and they crashed together, hot skin against hot skin as they kissed fiercely. They clutched at one another, trying to fit themselves back together, chasing shared sensation and trying to sink into the moment. Their erections brushed, the friction maddening, but the feeling of Dean’s tongue on his neck stronger still-- and Castiel sank low as Dean bowed his body against himself, allowing Castiel’s roving fingers to find their mark. He pressed at Dean’s hole, and Dean’s breath was sharp. The music had become an extension of their movements, woven into the moment just as fluidly as the light filtering in through the window.
Their stubble caught together, the roughness so different from the softness that was Dean’s mouth, and chasing the contrast, Castiel kissed away from his mouth, peppering kisses and sweeps of his tongue along his jawline, to his earlobe and neck. Dean threw his head back to encourage the movement, Adam's apple bobbing. He moaned at a particularly long, dirty kiss that sucked a faintly pink mark onto his neck. Dean’s hands were moving as well, the thumb on Castiel’s chest rubbing sensual circles over his sternum and collarbone.
His hand shuffled to his hip pocket, patting his wallet vaguely, as though doing something so familiar might snap him back to reality. Men didn’t behave that way with one another. It just wasn’t done, and it certainly would not be well received by the public if it were; for though dark bedrooms and secluded places may tell a different story, in public, the relations between men were plainly ordered and decidedly masculine. For better or for worse, this unspoken rule was never as obvious as when it was being ignored. And ignoring it was dangerous, for everyone involved.
They kissed. It was slow and sweet and oddly shy, mouths taking turns to chase the other. Smooth intakes of breath as a hand settled at Castiel’s back, and they stayed this way for several seconds. Castiel could smell Dean, a scent he’d become accustomed to these past few weeks, and he felt centered for the first time in years, as though someone had put his pieces in perfect alignment. Somehow Castiel forgot the desire for anything more than Dean’s lips as they held each other in the dark room, but it came back to him when Dean pulled away. They rested their foreheads together, and Castiel’s hands fell to Dean’s waist as Dean wrapped one arm over Castiel’s shoulder and placed his other hand on his chest. They would have been dancing, had they been swaying to the rhythm.
With that, Cas twisted his wrist lazily. Dean felt a tingling sensation run the length of his middle, and he was suddenly splatter-free.
The tension Castiel felt had settled deep in his torso, hot and effervescent, making him catch his breath. The back of his neck burned, but his higher mind was now taking command of the situation; and the danger it detected, which had spurred the electrical jolts of excitement still pulsing through his nervous system, became a catalyst for anger. It was a defense mechanism, an instinct far more familiar to Castiel, because it originated in his intellectual sensibility-- the corner of his mind which he most frequently occupied, and therefore, was a place of great comfort. He latched onto this reaction with such enthusiasm that the effect was rather like a shove to the chest.
A few seconds and Castiel was sitting in a booth with this man. This dangerous, attractive man in a beat up leather jacket, for whom he’d felt just moments before the burning desire to punch in the face. Dean slid him a beer, which Castiel just held.
“And,” Castiel started, hesitating on how he would word this. “And ‘Dean’ is your name? Your real name?”
Deam flashed a grin up at him, eyes and teeth glinting in the light from the streetlamp. His hair was rumpled, shoulders bare, and if he was cold, he didn’t show it. Another wink, and with practiced fingers Dean undid Castiel’s belt, and popped the button of his jeans. Slowly, quite slowly, Dean pulled down the zipper of his fly, and pulses of heat seemed to be emanating from Castiel, but they were nothing compared to the tingling of Dean’s hot breath that he felt through the fabric of his underwear. Everything was taking too long, like someone had slowed down time, and yet things were happening quickly, without pause, and Castiel let out a moan of crazed relief as Dean pulled his briefs below his groin. His erection was heavy and aching, and the sight of this beautiful young man so close to his swollen cock was threatening to drive him insane.
“It’s okay Dean, I’ll take the sofa.” Cas walked out of the bathroom, seeming to have read Dean’s mind.
Well, looked like a man. And he’d stared slack jawed like some half-witted schoolboy. What the hell?
But just as he was about to haul himself out of bed, he felt a firm hand on his shoulder. Dean turned his head to find that Cas had sat up as well.
Shrugging his way past a few drunk couples, Castiel squeezed through a tightly-packed group before taking an open seat at the bar. His stool felt less than reliable, so Castiel planted a foot firmly on the bar’s base molding and hoped it would keep him steady. He stuck out like a sore thumb in
Castiel wasted no time. He had no patience for pretence. Once Dean had cleared the threshold and the street was blocked from view, Castiel stepped toe to toe with him, faces only inches apart. He looked into Dean’s pretty eyes and let out a soft laugh, like sigh of relief. With a smile as Dean’s consent, Castiel kissed him.
to brush off. His best friend was naked, and he couldn’t tear his eyes away. Even worse, his best friend was a
Dean laughed, and Castiel was taken aback to hear the amicable weariness that had colored their first few conversations.
Now slick with saliva, Dean stroked his cock with a fist while giving the sensitive tip a few playful licks before flashing his eyes back up to Castiel, mischief twinkling there. He was enjoying himself. Again, without warning, Dean was bobbing his head down, deepthroating him and swallowing around him, making it feel as though there were nerve endings being lit on fire on every inch of his length. His hips stuttered forward before Castiel could master the instinct, but rather than retreat, Dean smiled around his cock. While making slow, maddening passes up and down his shaft, he guided one of Castiel’s hands to his head. Understanding, Castiel wound his fingers into Dean’s short hair and Dean gave a contented hum, the vibrations of which elicited a deep, guttural moan from Castiel’s throat. Dean continued working his talented mouth on Castiel, now licking a line from the base to the tip, following a vein there and sending shivers up Castiel’s spine. He went back down now, teasing his balls with wet lips, the heat of his mouth so much more powerful for the cold night air around them. But Dean now seemed done playing, and Castiel was glad -- for he was growing impatient. With two hands, Dean jacked him languidly as he gave Castiel a salacious look, and Castiel thought he might not ever have seen anything so erotic in his life.
The suds collecting at Dean’s feet had begun to lighten in color, prompting him to scrub harder. Already he felt much cleaner despite not even getting to his body, and he looked down at his chest, where faint freckles were visible where there had once been a layer of grime. Dean rinsed out his hair, and slathered yet another handful of shampoo onto his head, which he was glad to see stay white as he lathered it into his hair. Who would have thought such little hair could hold so much muck? Dean snorted, thinking about Sam trying to wash this stuff out of his ridiculous mane. The last time that kid had short hair he was nine.
Conversation wandered closer to how they’d met, and it was Castiel’s turn to grow quieter as he told Dean why he’d ventured so far out of his usual territory to Eighth Avenue the week before. He shared his fears, and the leveled, aching indifference of losing someone you’d loved in the thinnest way; and soon he was on the couch with Dean, as Dean spoke about his father, about how losing him had felt something of the same.
“Well, I’m in school. I rent an apartment west of here.” Castiel stopped to think, and quickly came to the conclusion that he had nothing interesting left to say. “That’s about it.”
Dean’s eyes registered understanding, and he relaxed, allowing Castiel’s hands to guide his head. Taking initiative, hardly caring just how filthy these acts were, Castiel thrust his hips into Dean’s mouth, who sucked his cock enthusiastically, seeming just as eager to get Castiel to climax as Castiel was. It was building up rapidly in his groin, keening and powerful, hot. Just about to pull out, Dean made it clear that he had other plans for Castiel -- and in a moment, Castiel found himself coming down the throat of this beautiful young man, this stranger, who less than an hour ago he had been ready to hit over the head. He felt himself empty, load after load into the heat of Dean’s mouth, until he was spent.
Something was building between them, and it felt so strong Castiel was afraid it could be seen. Their hands touched briefly as they crossed a street, and the ghost of the touch accompanied Castiel all the way to the front steps of his apartment building. He could hear Dean’s breathing as he fumbled with his key ring, their standing forms close enough together that Castiel could feel his warmth. Cursing under his breath, he finally got the key to bite and turned it, pushing the door open to reveal the low-lit first floor. Dean followed him in, and the sound of the street outside was muted almost immediately as the door shut.
Tonight, Dean seemed more genuine. He had a shy, flustered, clever charm about him that sometimes transformed into bright eyed enthusiasm. As the night went on, Castiel learned about how Dean had a little brother, the person he loved most on this Earth, and he told Castiel about how his brother Sam was going to make the world a better place. They’d be together again, once Dean had his feet under him, and he’d be able to pay Sam’s way through school; and maybe, someday, they could move away from here. Somewhere with cleaner air, Dean said, and fewer people. He could open up a bar, but not one like
“Well,” said the man, tongue darting out between his teeth as his eyes did a casual rake down and up Castiel. “You looked like you could use some...
His friend furrowed his eyebrows and Dean looked away quickly, swallowing hard, ignoring the unsettling heat in his middle. Cas went back to adjusting his shirt.
Dean sucked a mark onto Castiel’s neck, and at the same time, brought a hand around to Castiel’s front, fondling the now painful erection in Castiel’s pants. He gasped in surprise.
“Roy?” He said, placing his empty bottle on the bar. “Another one of these, please. Put it on my tab.”
In an attempt to let Cas off the hook, Dean turned on the radio, and the chorus of “Hound Dog” blasted through the speakers. Dean went to switch the station to something more seventies, but Cas stopped him, saying something akin to “I’ve always had a soft spot for Elvis.”
“So,” said Dean, “thanks for the vocabulary lesson, I guess.” Dean heard his friend exhale, a hint of a begrudged chuckle permeating his breath. Dean went on. “But, what does that have to do with your grace, or whatever?”
“I-- heh,” Dean said nervously, scratching his neck. “This is stupid, but I thought, why not ask, what’ve I got to lose here, right?”
worth it. He grabbed a scratchy motel towel from a rack and dried himself off, rubbing his hair until it no longer dripped. Dean slipped on his plaid pajama pants, and pulled his tee shirt over his head. He wiped off the mirror and looked at the reflection. He didn’t see anything new, and turned away. He threw the towel over the curtain rod. Right now, Dean felt great. He knew that he shouldn’t be getting off on what he had just gotten off on, but the afterglow was too wonderful to screw up with self-reflection. Anyways, no one but him knew about it but him. Dean turned the knob and started to walk back into the room.
Dean heard the water shut off and the curtain being slid open. He scratched behind his ear, doing his very best to think about anything else besides Castiel. Dean settled on the bag of food sitting on the table next to him, smelling greasy and delicious reminding him of his empty stomach - he hadn’t eaten since earlier that morning back at the bunker, assuming they’d have time to grab something between stops, but the shapeshifters had proved particularly nasty and surprisingly easy to find. He and Cas had just arrived and begun their investigation when they were jumped in a back alley by a bush league shifter, who unwittingly lead them right to their nest trying to escape. They’d managed to fight off all three, but not before getting cut up themselves. Dean poked at the tear in his sleeve, wincing as he grazed the slash in his bicep.
He was clean-shaven with short hair, and his clothes hardly seemed appropriate. An old, oversized leather jacket was the only thing he wore over a white undershirt, and his buckled jeans were slung low enough on his hips that the skin of his abdomen was almost visible. The cigarette that had occupied his mouth earlier had gone. He was now leaning against a post, thumbs in his pockets, looking loftily disinterested in his surroundings, Castiel being the only exception. The stranger held his gaze near defiantly, with the suggestion of a smirk tugging at a corner of his mouth. Ten seconds must have passed while Castiel stared back, transfixed. He could not make head nor tail of the situation, something that caused him to root to the spot.
They shook hands. The handshake was too slow, too familiar, and lasted too long. When they finally let go, it was to blush at their reluctance to separate, trading looks and awkward laughs. Lapsing into silence, the air became heavy around Castiel as Dean’s hand crept innocently from his own lap to Castiel’s hand. Castiel’s eyes fluttered shut at the contact, and then opened again as he fixed them on Dean, whose irises had never looked greener than they did now. Closer, closer they became, and Castiel hadn’t ever wanted anything more in his life. But not like this. Inches apart, he stopped, shook his head, and pulled away.
“Pass me a cloth or something,” he said. Cas passed him a cloth. Dean set it down and uncapped the whiskey and lowered himself to one knee.
Castiel came to a sudden halt. The door to the bar swung shut. Turning in the direction of the speaker, Castiel found himself looking upon a familiar face -- but not the one he had been seeking. Earrings glinting in the reddish glare, Missouri was looking him over, a cigarette held thoughtfully between two manicured fingers.
Dean looked positively mortified. “No, that’s-- last weekend wasn’t, wasn’t like that.” He took a step back, eyes still on the money, not seeming to want to look at Castiel’s face. “That was for fun. A good time.”
Another groan escaped his lips as Dean wrapped a hand around his shaft, which twitched at the application of pressure. Castiel gritted his teeth, tossing his head back for only a second before again fixing his eyes on Dean, who was no longer smiling. Lips slightly parted, he seemed to consider the head, which was weeping with precum; and suddenly, Castiel found those gorgeous lips wrapped around his cock, enveloping him in heat and wetness.
Just then they were walking along closed shop fronts, street lamps lighting their way. They hadn’t made any plans for that night, and had spent it wandering Morningside Heights, talking to one another. Castiel couldn’t ever remember talking so much in his life, but beside him Dean was listening interestedly and Castiel found himself telling old stories about his brothers, explaining what an echocardiogram was, complaining about the time he’d walked in on Balthazar and three other people in their living room.
For once, Dean wasn’t woken up by his nightmares or the screaming of an alarm clock --- instead, Dean awoke to the sun filtering through half-closed blinds, casting lines of of light and shadow that moved slowly over the orange floral bedspread. He blinked, squinting sleepily as the sunlight filled his eyes, curling back into himself and into the warmth of the covers, revelling in the wonderful buttery feeling between his legs. It was then that Dean registered the arm snaked around his middle, hugging his naked skin; and the solid body behind him, conformed to his own position, fitting into him like a puzzle piece. The events of the night before came back to him, bit by bit, and Dean found he didn’t regret much --- he was surprised, sure, but as for right now, he was at peace with what had happened and what it meant for them. The only thing he was unhappy about at the moment was having ended up being the little spoon. That bastard.
he thought, this time with less conclusivity. The jumping, aching feeling inside of him squeezed tight in his chest, morphing into something that better resembled anticipation. This troubled Castiel, but his worry did nothing to stem the nearly irresistible desire to turn around.
The springtime was getting warmer, and Castiel hadn’t been down 8th Avenue in weeks. But he’d seen Dean in the time that had passed, in places where the sunlight reached the ground and cleansed the people, where the air was fresher and the streets friendlier. He’d had the pleasure of knowing Dean as he had that night in his apartment: through conversation and polite distance, over little tables outside Itlalian diners, side by side on blankets laid out on the grass, listening to music. Seeing Dean in the sun made Castiel realize that he was more a creature of the daytime than the night, what with the warmth of his smile, the freckles that dusted his skin. They’d started anew, and Castiel liked it that way.
“Yeah,” said Castiel, fishing around in his coat pocket. While he didn’t smoke himself, the question had arisen enough times that he’d elected to keep a Bic lighter on hand.
“Come by some time,” Missouri continued to Castiel. “It’s just past Antoni’s. Got a big ‘ol pink sign on it that says ‘PSYCHIC’. Hard to miss.”
For Castiel had been rummaging around a pocket, and had produced a wallet, in which he was leafing through bills. He looked up into Dean’s face.
“Scared you, didn’t I? Ha-hah!” She laughed in triumph, putting her shades back in place. “Don’t worry, they’re just glass. For effect.”
He hadn’t yet gotten used to Cas’s recent developments - whether it was the weakened state of his grace, his prolonged exposure to humanity, or a combination of the two, Cas had seemed to become more and more human than angel. Of course, he was still Cas, same deadpan humour and awkwardness, same off-center tie and ratty trench coat. He just had some more relatable (and alarmingly human) quirks. Ever since Cas discovered the joys of a hot shower, life at the bunker included the almost constant hum of running water to the shower stalls; and the mornings were always accompanied by the smell of coffee brewing in the kitchen, a beverage Cas had taken an acute liking to. He would also eat on occasion, without complaint of molecules, and Dean had made a habit of keeping the pantry stocked with peanut butter and jelly should Cas ever be inspired. Most remarkably, Dean had found the angel on several occasions fast asleep at his post in the war room, consequently discovering his friend was not one who likes to be woken up.
They stood facing each other, silent as the next track began to play. Tentatively, Castiel placed his hand on Dean’s now bare shoulder, running it down to his wrist, feeling the lines of his body, the heat that emanated off of his skin. Other hand at Dean’s waist, he savored the feeling of skin on skin, and celebrated the freedom with which his touch could explore this body. There was no need to hurry. They could take their time.
“I can’t take your money, Cas,” Dean said flatly, shaking his head, shoulders drawn in. “I just can’t.”
“No, don’t sweat it man, I - um…” Dean’s voice trailed off as his eyes traveled down his friend’s body. The most skin Dean had seen on Cas was that one time his sleeves were rolled up, exposing his forearms -
“What’s your problem?” he growled at the man, who looked part taken aback, part pleased with himself. The man showed no trace of fear, and Castiel hated him for it. He pressed harder. “Who are you?” he asked, with the same snarl in his voice.
The pair went back to eating their rapidly disappearing burgers, falling into a comfortable silence as they watched Barney Fife drive his new car down a gravel road. Dean took in a long breath, glad to find his circulation was back to normal. He spread his knees open once again to where he was comfortable, and looked over at Cas, who was still completely enraptured with his meal and sighing as if he had never tasted anything better. His eyes were closed, lips stretched into a blissful smile, making a sound in the back of his throat that caused Dean’s blood to resume its southward journey - and he quickly diverted his attention, focusing on the food in Cas’s hands. There was barely anything left of his burger. Dean found he wasn’t doing much better- he probably only had one or two bites left, which he finished, stomach rumbling happily as he followed it up with a chaser of beer. Dean wiped off his fingers, tossing the napkin in the trash bin.
Suddenly, it all became very real for Dean Winchester. And, for the first time in forever, he felt blessed. Somehow, after all he’d lived through, all of the things he had done, something like this could exist for him? Something this tangible, something this
And with that, Dean kissed Cas in return --- sloppy and lackadaisical, both of them tasting like morning breath, but it was good all the same. Cas pushed off from the bed, trying to throw Dean, managing to keep their lips locked together, and Dean held his ground as their sleepy wrestling match slash makeout session twisted the sheets around their naked bodies. Dean could hear birds out the window, and he wondered the time, but he didn’t care to break away and investigate. Their soft kisses grew more heated, and their hands began to wander --- not hungrily, but curiously --- feeling each other’s skin and noting the sensitive areas that made the other shiver with delight; and fingertips, not nails, traced lines over the muscle on each other’s backs. Eventually, Dean’s hand slipped down to Cas’s lap, fingers searching blindly until they found a bulge of warm flesh, still limp but flushing with blood, and Dean stroked it gently, making the angel gasp against his mouth. His own half-erection was pressed to Cas’s thigh, and Cas did his best to worm his hand around to reach it, reaching clumsily but finding his arm couldn’t make the distance. Dean guided his friend’s hand back up, and it eventually landed on Dean’s hip. Cas made up for it by kissing to Dean’s neck, sucking the skin in the spot he’d found that made Dean’s toes curl. It was in this way that they made lazy, inelegant love to one another all morning --- moving about for better angles, each touch thoughtful and caring, sometimes finding themselves in awkward positions that they eventually worked their ways out of. (The same thing happens in their friendship, so why should the sex be any different?)
The only sound once they reached it was their own breathing. Above them, the hall light buzzed as Castiel unlocked the door and shoved it open in one smooth movement. And to Castiel’s complete surprise, sitting in his chair with his book and most definitely not out clubbing, was Balthazar. Balthazar glanced up from the page as the door creaked open, eyebrows raising at the sight of the two men silhouetted in the doorway. Seconds passed by as silently, they stared at one another, until, with decided nonchalance, Balthazar looked back down at the book, shifted comfortably in his seat, and went on reading.
It wasn’t lovemaking. It was raw and rough and dirty, almost desperate, something animal having been awakened in them while hidden in the shadows. Castiel was jacking Dean off in time with his thrusts, Castiel relishing in the feeling of his hips rocking back against him, delighted to hear the sounds ushered from the young man by his ministrations. He tugged at an earlobe with his teeth and kissed Dean’s neck, tasting the salt of sweat on his tongue. Dean’s cock was hot in his hand, and there certainly wasn’t enough lubricant but in their frenzy neither minded.
The two embraced, and the friend -- Missouri -- took Pamela’s hands in hers and gave them a heartfelt squeeze.
Dean chuckled, pulling the door closed behind him. It’d been almost twenty minutes since they had picked up the burgers, and he was beginning to regret postponing their meal. He sat down on one of the chairs by their little table and looked back towards the room he had just left, contemplating their exchange. The entire thing had been oddly domestic, considering the circumstances. And something else. His heart was beating a bit too fast, his breathing still a bit too hard - Dean was quite accomplished at denial, but this was too much for even
The trees of Central Park had burst green and vibrant with new leaves, and as the trees filled out, so did the city. More faces appeared in windows, fewer coats covered the bodies of those on the streets, people moved with less haste, no longer chased by bitter cold. A sort of pleasant awkwardness had been present upon first getting together, but they’d since become good friends. It all frightened Castiel, because though the most intimately they had touched since their kiss in his apartment building had been arms on the other’s shoulder, Castiel could feel his heart reaching out like a climbing vine to entwine itself in Dean’s world. But he wouldn’t admit the truth to himself. Not yet.
and the heads moving beneath them smelled like tobacco and vodka, and they swiveled to the dancers in windows, who beckoned them in through revolving doors.
The pair had bickered a while more before falling quiet, each staring at the ceiling and letting their minds quiet and wander. Dean could have easily fallen back asleep, too --- but before he had the chance, his wristwatch beeped loudly. When he checked it, he didn’t believe his eyes.
Dean’s posture softened as he relaxed into Cas’s touch. This was special. He didn’t know if they would ever have a chance like this again, and he just may as well take full advantage of it. And so, Dean answered in words just as simple as the angel’s.
The ringing in Castiel’s ears gave way to a flat silence. He sputtered. “What exactly do you mean by that?”
Dean felt something inside himself shift.  A flood of pure determination and intent surged through his body, sending every rule, every statute, every boundary he’d ever set for himself crashing down.The hand he’d just pulled away he placed on the small of Cas’s back, pulling their bodies together, the sensation satiating and  thrilling at the same time ---  the other hand, he brought up and cupped around the base of Cas’s head. In one swift motion, he bridged the distance between them, and their mouths collided. Cas’s soft, sweet flesh against his own, and the world ceased to spin. Dean was shattered into a million pieces sent floating out in space, and yet he was more grounded than he’d ever felt before, as he held tightly to the man who smelt of the earth and tasted like a spice Dean couldn’t quite put his finger on.
It was a tentative sort of touch, just the weight of Dean’s hand, but Castiel knew what it meant. His heart leapt into his mouth, and through his hazy mind came a flood of clarity. He looked down to his lap before his eyes traveled slowly back up, and he looked through his lashes at Dean, whose eyes seemed to darken, and the hand began a caress. It gripped him lightly, feeling the curve of his thigh, strong, gentle fingers sending pulses of anticipation through Castiel.
From an alcove in the back of the bar, a young man looked right back at Castiel. When their eyes met, instead of glancing away, the young man just went on looking.
“Okay,” said Castiel. “Then, this is to make up for the customer I lost you. You said fifty, right?” And he counted out fifty dollars: a twenty, two tens, and two fives. He held them out to Dean. “Take it.”
“Whoa, this isn’t an interrogation or anything, Cas-tee-el,” Pamela responded, “No need to get all tense.”
“Okay, gonna need some butterfly bandages.” He said. A second passed before a flicker of comprehension appeared on Cas’s face, who then turned silently to the kit, dropping the hem of his shirt. Rummaging through the Band-aids, Cas pulled out four little paper slips with proper labels. He studied the unopened bandages before handing them to Dean
The angel lying next to him fell quiet, and Dean could sense the ugly mixture of revulsion and remorse that seeped past his reserved features. He knew, of course, what Castiel was referring to. Nearly seven years had past since, but it seemed like so much longer --- it felt so small in their metaphorical rearview mirror that Dean hadn’t devoted many of his thoughts to it as of late; and the only thing seeming to steadily haunt him from that period of time were images of a cloudy suburban water supply and distant, strangled laughter. But Cas was, indeed, terribly misguided in his decisions --- betraying his friends, trusting Crowley, and opening the gates of Purgatory, to name a few --- but Dean had forgiven him long ago, their surviving bond living proof of that. Still, not unlike his brother, Cas punished himself more than Dean ever could have done himself. Dean was sobered as he remembered Castiel’s blunt, loaded words.
Dean, grateful for an excuse to drag his eyes away, turned to grab the bottle he had left on the vanity.
He stayed like that for a while, just watching Cas sleep, now understanding the draw to do so. He wondered how many times Cas had done the same for him, and pushed the thought away --- deciding he probably didn’t want to know. Minutes ticked by, and the angel began to stir --- reassuming his slight frown, mewing like a kitten as he stretched his limbs and flipped onto his back as well, reaching up to scratch his perpetual bed head. Dean waited patiently, and soon his friend’s eyes blinked open, blue as ever and peering right back at him.
“During sex, human souls become temporarily linked; the strength of the link depending on attraction, physical performance, and emotional attachment. This bond allows souls to partially coalesce, which give them the ability to trade celestial light and energy. Sex was designed as a consummation of heterosexual marriage before humans became more -
might be, he did not know-- but the idea of continuing to stand here, feeling foolish and doing nothing, was intolerable.
Now was his chance to care for this young man, to give freely the things others bought from him, to touch his body out of reverence and not greed.
Castiel turned slowly, his head in the lead. He spotted the young man before having turned completely to face him. The stranger had never looked away.
Hello! I meant to wait a bit before I updated this fic, but it's just too tempting. Hold tight, this one's a trip. Also, I'm overjoyed by the sheer number of you guys who have looked into this work ---it's so nice to know someone out there is reading my writing, and, hopefully, enjoying it.
“That’s what I do. I turn tricks,” Dean said. “That’s how I pay the rent. Last weekend was, well, I’d taken a night off for myself, had some spare cash, but that’s gone now and… yeah. Don’t care if you judge me for it. You do what you gotta, around here, and sometimes it’s the only -- what are you doing?”
Half a bottle left of beer and Castiel was already feeling a bit fuzzy. The bar was a haze of smoke and dim lights full of the muddled tones of dozens of voices. But even through the golden sunrays provided by a few drinks, Castiel’s innate suspicion persisted. He hadn’t forgotten where he was, and knew well enough to stay wary of his surroundings. Around him, beneath the din, people were discussing practice, trade, and profit -- all of which, on this side of town, were mainly sourced at the expense of others.
“Please, let me.” And to make his assertion clearer, he closed the gap between them and waved the money in his hand.
Dean wiggled an arm from under the covers and flopped it on Castiel, pulling him in so close that their noses bumped. Castiel voiced his discomfort, jerking himself away from Dean’s grasp as he rubbed his nose reproachfully.
Being offended was a natural, acceptable response to being come on to by another man. Even if it was more out of his fear of public backlash than an actual aversion to the prospect. In fact, it was for precisely the
“Uh,” said Castiel, as he fiddled with a crease in his collar. He scrambled to contribute something to the conversation.
The two laughed. Their laughs were similar; both were affectionate and unreserved. They continued talking.
—loomed up and Castiel ducked in through the door, which creaked to such a degree that it turned several heads.
Honestly, Dean had never really talked to Cas much about angels, besides what they were up to and how they could stop them. But thinking about it now, there was a lot of things Dean didn’t know about his friend. The guy was an ancient ethereal being - you would think he would have a lot of stories to tell, a lot of wisdom to share - and yet, the tumultuous nature of their time together rendered it nearly impossible for simple conversation, and neither Cas nor Dean were inclined to talk just for the sake of talking. They were always too busy, or too unhappy with each other to do so.
Dean suppressed a smile as he waited the appropriate amount of time before he dropped the one-liner.
Dean was surprised he'd said thet out loud --- he wasn't usually one for asking random (and sort of stupid) questions. Cas seemed surprised as well, as he turned rather quickly to look over at Dean.
He said it simply, as though this was an adequate response. Castiel blinked, feeling slow, confused at the eb and flow of his own anger.
“Why were you doing that?” Castiel demanded all of a sudden, in a dark whisper. “Why have you been watching me? Don’t you know how,” and he looked around himself before leaning in closer, “how that looks?”
Cas’s voice was soft, raspy, and unsure. Dean jolted himself back into the moment, happy to continue whatever he was doing. What
His own heart rate was increasing as he thought about what he was about to do; but there was no anxiety, no inhibition to hold him back as he went now for the waistband of Dean’s underwear. Hands holding the firmness of Dean’s hips, he tasted the soft flesh below his navel, kissing to his hipbone and then again to the light hairs that disappeared beneath the fabric of his underwear. A moment of eye contact as confirmation and Castiel eased the briefs from Dean’s hips, stomach doing a small somersault as he laid eyes on the fat erection sitting in Dean’s lap. The cotton briefs were quickly forgotten on the carpet as Castiel took Dean’s cock in his grasp. He kissed the tender flesh at the base of it, where the curve of his thigh met his groin, and unashamedly, Dean moaned, throwing his head back. The sound of it was enough to bring Castiel close, if he would let himself.
It had been the explanation that made the most sense to Castiel, after mulling over the clues in his head. But Dean laughed darkly, and the consternation in Dean’s face was replaced by bitter amusement.
The walk wasn’t a long one, and they made good time, neither talking. Twenty minutes later Castiel’s building came into view, its yellow stone front lit orange by street lamps. It was shorter than the buildings next to it, giving it a squashed appearance, as though it had shrunk to fit the narrow space. Next to him, Dean looked around curiously, taking in the neighborhood. They traded a few brief words, and in minutes they’d gotten into the building, walked up the three flights of stairs to Castiel’s floor, and stood themselves outside the door marked number 407, Castiel’s apartment. Castiel fumbled with his keys as the hall light crackled above.
Castiel scratched at his collar, unsure of what was meant by that. “I, uh, just needed a night out.”
Sure, he’d had urges, uncomfortable exchanges, boners without sufficiently heterosexual explanations… but, that happens to everybody. I mean, what about all the women? One or two drunk blowjobs he’s given don’t mean shit if you factor in the entirety of his sexual history.
“Do ya think that, maybe,” Dean went on, a flirtatious glint in his eyes, “you could slip out of it for me?”
“Uh, yeah, ‘course.” Dean started. “Just spaced out. Turn a bit, I’ll get these on.” He peeled off the paper on the back of the bandage, carefully placing one end, gently pushing Cas’s flesh together before smoothing the rest of the bandage down. He repeated the process three times with little word from the angel. “There. Everything feeling fine?” Dean looked up from where he knelt at his friend’s feet, and he felt something jump in his core at the sight --- a topless, particularly disheveled looking Cas peering down, looming over him with his lips parted the slightest bit. Dean wasn’t sure it was possible, but the heat between his legs grew more intense. He tried to distract and disgust himself --- name the presidents, picture the lunch lady at that middle school in Kentucky --- but nothing worked. All he could do was inwardly scold himself for being aroused by an off-limits commodity while simultaneously becoming more aroused by the same off-limits commodity.
Castiel hesitated. Why should he trust this man? Hadn’t he, just minutes before, been terrified, furious at this very stranger? This was dangerous, so dangerous; and like it had waited for just this cue, his desire flamed up within him, licking at his insides, singeing his nerves. He didn’t trust Dean, not truly. But there was no going back now. And he chose not to answer. Instead, he stepped towards Dean. Haltingly, he grasped the lapels of Dean’s jacket, and pulled Dean to him, their breath mingling together now. Castiel could hear his own heartbeat in his ears.
“Takin’ good care of me, aren’t you,” Dean said weakly. “Why don’t you let me give a little back, huh?”
never, ever, took any of those layers off. And, on the other hand, Dean was often guilty of forgetting that it wasn’t some scrawny nerd under all those oversized jackets. So, as the angel marched nix one of his layers, a streetlamp lighting up his features, Dean once again was hit with a sharp dose of reality--- Cas was kinda hot.
“Hey,” hissed Dean, and Castiel stopped quickly and pulled back. But Dean didn’t let him retreat far, keeping his hand at his shoulder. “Never seen you with that shirt off before.”
Dean nearly fell out of bed trying to reach the discarded lube on the floor despite Cas insisting they could go without (Dean, I can create the proper lubrication with my grace,) leaving Cas to haul his friend back onto the mattress. They spent a while fumbling with the cap before spilling a crap ton over the both of them. Dean cursed, but neither of them really minded very much. It was the cleaning lady’s problem now. Soon, they were both hard, and the pair slid their bodies together --- doing nothing extravagant, simply moving against one another for mutual pleasure, the friction of their cocks rubbing and their still roaming mouths and hands more than enough for either of them. Their thrusts were undisciplined with no real discernable rhythm, and their moans were soft and a bit ragged. It didn’t take long before both men were close --- and this time Cas was first, spilling over them with muffled cry. The feel of Cas’s come on his skin was enough to send Dean crashing over the edge as well, his come mixing with Cas’s, painting their bellies.
Carried on the coaxing perfume of red wine and in the inviting warmth of his guest, Castiel found himself speaking of his own life as well. He told Dean how he wanted to heal people, and how lucky he’d been that his dream lined up with his family’s expectations; but that he would have chased that future with or without their approval, because it is all he’d ever imagined himself doing. It was how he could help. He talked about living with Balthazar, someone with whom he couldn’t be any less alike and yet got along with wonderfully, and how classes were dull and his parents cold. Dean listened and laughed when Castiel told him about what Meg had once convinced him to do at a party, smiling with understanding when Castiel confessed his and Meg’s friendship to be a complicated one.
“White collar. Unexpected,” she drawled through another sultry smile. “What’re you doing around here, then? We don’t get lots of academics.”
The night air itself seemed thick with pleasure, as if it was radiating from his flesh and filling the alleyway, the night sky. His thoughts melted together as Dean’s clever tongue swirled around his cock before Dean swallowed him to the hilt, knocking the breath out of him. It couldn’t be more clear that Dean’s was a practiced mouth. Waves of intensity flowed up his abdomen, and the faint smell of sweat and come and
“And hurry it up. I’m starving.” Dean called, head stuck through the open door. Dean heard a gasp from the shower.
He gave it to Pamela. With surprising coordination and ease she lit her cigarette, took a drag, and gave the light back to Castiel.
“Yeah,” Cas said, “I haven’t changed my wardrobe since I got my grace back. And thank you, these are quite comfortable.” Cas started over towards his table, and Dean closed his knees, aware of a sudden shift in blood flow with some dismay.
“Does it matter how I know him?” she asked, gently. “What matters is, this is not a good night for you to see him.”
Cas moved his hand, and the bandage fell into place, holding the gauze snugly to his side. Dean reached his other arm around until he had completely encircled Cas’s waist. Their chests were nearly touching, Dean’s head hovering just to the right of Cas’s, and he felt the angel’s breath on his neck as he pulled the bandage around again, and then again, until all of the fabric had wrapped around his friend’s middle. Gently, he smoothed and pressed the velcro at the end of the bandage down, holding his hand at the small of Cas’s back.
He set down the towel and stood by the sink, turning on the faucet and splashing his face. Wiping off the fogged mirror, Dean checked his reflection, finding his face was much dirtier than he had expected - although, the sludge had dried and was rubbed off in several places. Finishing up, Dean looked back at the mirror to find big, blue orbs peering at him from beyond the shower curtain.
Dean would have never deemed himself deserving of that, of any of this; and yet, here he sat --- looking back into the eyes of the one that
Castiel’s hands were stuffed deep in his pockets, and his collar was turned up to the wind. It was warmer than it had been the last time he’d come this way, but a chilly gust was blowing down over the buildings and to the street below, causing Castiel to shiver. Fewer people were around than had been a week ago, not that Castiel was paying much attention; he was determined not to let his thoughts wander from his goal. The same buildings loomed up on either side of him, the same signs flashed gaudy and neon bright.
“I said I wanted to see you with your shirt off,” Dean complained, and he was so close to pouting that Castiel forgot his irritation.
Dean didn’t answer, and slowly, Castiel traced a goosebump trail down Dean’s stomach until his fingers hooked in his waistband. His palm came to rest, flat and broad over the bulge in his jeans.
“Nice meeting you,” Castiel said to Missouri, before being pulled into an unexpected hug. She released him after a moment, leaving a trace of earthy incense.
Missouri took a long drag from her cigarette before speaking again. “He’s working,” she answered simply, as the cigarette smoke was carried away on the wind.
But this time, he wasn’t alone. Standing next to Dean was a man Castiel didn’t recognize: an older man dressed in a long, dark coat, his hair streaked with gray. He was bigger than Dean, tall and broad. Castiel could make out a slightly hooked nose in profile as the man leaned forward to whisper something in Dean’s ear. Dean seemed different tonight, strained but calm, collected -- playful, but calculatedly so, dressed in a thin, black shirt with cuffed sleeves and an open collar. A moment passed, and Castiel bristled as he watched a large hand emerge from the stranger’s sleeve and wrap sinuously around Dean’s forearm, staying there as Dean smiled deviously, leaning into the touch. They were much too close.
Cas stopped, still gazing up and studying the off-white ceiling tiles. Dean was quiet, too. For a few seconds.
The pair departed, winding through the crowd with Missouri in the lead. A moment passed, and they disappeared into the night. Someone had already taken the seats he and Pamela had occupied, so Castiel elected to stay standing, where he dissolved into the shuffling crowd, comfortably invisible. Except, he wasn’t invisible. Castiel glanced to the dim back corner of the bar and found the same figure silhouetted, whose eyes once again met his. Castiel didn’t break eye contact as the man lifted a lighter to his face, flicking it open to light the cigarette between his lips. The flame illuminated his features for just a moment before being put out. The man was young, Castiel could see, with the lines of striking features. Intrigue had kept him looking this long, but his considerable disquiet now had him turning back to the bar. He took a swig of his beer for good measure.
The best response Castiel had was a low grunt. He was desperate. But he didn’t have long to wait-- in a moment Dean was swirling with his tongue the precum pearling at his tip.
Once again, Castiel found himself awake before Dean. This time, however, he had no plan on leaving. The room was sunny, and the bedsheets smelled like sex, and Dean’s limbs were twisted somewhat awkwardly as he lay on his side, facing Castiel. The sunlight bouncing from the wallpaper was far more beautiful where it laced into Dean’s eyelashes, like sun rays shining through clouds, golden bright. He watched Dean, taking advantage of his stillness to really look at him. Even with his mouth lolling open and his face smushed against the pillow, he was stunning. Castiel wasn’t sure how much time passed as he watched Dean, who snored softly every few exhales, before going quiet. Consciousness re-entered his face in a small frown, a less-than welcoming greeting to the light in the room. His eyes fluttered open, and he gazed at Castiel as he blinked away the drowsiness.
Thank you to my incredible beta, Sam, (quiettewandering on Ao3), and to the mods of the BottomDeanBigBang, who've worked very hard to make this possible. And another thank you to my artist, Vero, who went above and beyond to illustrate my little fic and produced beautiful work.
“A drink? That’s all?” said Dean. “Look, I’m no expert on people, but you don’t look like a regular. Why here?”
He looked up to find Cas standing in the doorway, having moved nearly as quietly as he used to, back when his wings still worked. Dean swallowed.
Times square, seedy and squalid in daylight, seemed to have been set on fire by the night. It glittered with neon signs and flashing letters that cast a red halo over bustling midnight crowds. But this was no fifth avenue. While the darkness disguised rundown buildings and general disrepair, it had since ushered out of hiding the various outcasts and nightcrawlers, who now ran about freely like wildlife in a bizarre, vulgar parade. The lights spelled out “
Pamela laughed: a deep, hearty laugh that creased her cheeks and rolled her shoulders. It wasn’t an unkind laugh, quite the opposite-- it was friendly amusement, simple and pure.
“You’re kidding.” Dean looked up from his burger. “You couldn’t heal your gaping wound, or clean us up, but you could microwave our dinner with your mind.”
With the low light, and the self-satisfied smirk on Dean’s face, and the way the tension sat powerful in Castiel’s gut, he might as well have been back at
He’d turned to face Castiel again, and Castiel got his first proper look at Dean’s body sans bulky leather jacket. He had toned arms and relatively broad shoulders, and a small waist. Dean seemed to be taking this moment as well to give the other a look over, for Dean’s eyes were raking his body, now clothed in only a white dress shirt and jeans.
what had happened. Dean unzipped the bag and leafed carefully through his things, deliberately slowing down his movements, calculating each motion, aiming to seem as normal and unfazed as he possibly could - when, in reality, he was moving just as gracefully as a robot wearing skinny jeans. Still, he tried. After an excruciatingly quiet few seconds, Dean found the half-empty bottle of Jack Daniel’s tucked behind his shirts. He paused before turning around.
“Dean,” he choked out, for Dean was back to riding him, and every second Castiel looked into his eyes was an inch closer to climax.
“Got any rooms open?” said Dean, eyeing a greying man behind the counter, snoring with his head propped against the wall. He didn’t budge. “Hello?” Cas then stepped forward and rung the bell, waking the man up with a start.
Brow furrowed, Castiel took a moment to look over the stranger close up. He was almost arrestingly good looking, even more so with uncertainty drawing his features up tightly. His eyes were light, green probably, though in the dim bar they appeared too smokey for Castiel to be sure. The bruise on his cheek was more evident from this distance, and where his features were unblemished, freckles speckled the skin. He was a bit taller than Castiel, but just by an inch, and while not small in stature, he was quite lean.
He rubbed his temples, giving the room a once-over. Looking at the angle of the light and the yellowness of the room, he realized it was more than obvious it was no longer early morning, and he wanted to kick himself. They could have been getting home about now.
Cas shyly moved his hand, placing it against Dean’s. Taken aback, Dean looked up at his friend, who was looking down at his ribcabe. He swallowed.
The young man looked at the money skeptically, as if unable to work out whether it was really there. “Why are you doing this?” he asked suspiciously, making eye contact with Castiel for the first time since noticing the wallet.
Nervously, Castiel glanced around the bar, expecting to see faces turned his way, watching him with suspicion. But no one seemed to have noticed anything. Would they even care? He wasn’t sure. All he knew was that he felt dirty, marked, exposed. Was he that easily understood, that some man on the opposite side of a bar had picked up on it with such certainty that he would…
Well, the second-most skin Dean had seen on Cas was when he had unbuttoned the top few buttons of his shirt, giving Dean a flash of his upper chest before leaving for his “date.”
With those periwinkle blue eyes, and his perfect nose with nostrils flared ever so slightly, and the cutting jaw and high cheekbones, and his soft, sweet mouth …
Castiel paused, on the verge of saying something, but instead he turned back to the door. Inside, he met the suspicious eyes of Roy the bartender, and the news that Dean had paid for his second beer as well as his third. He left the bar with just as much money in his wallet as he’s had when he’d entered, and though he wasn’t exactly drunk, he’d gotten just what he needed -- an escape.
“So, recap --- the only juice you got is what you’re given. I think I read something like that in one of Bobby’s journals --- about angels being firehoses, you can’t do crap if there ain’t no water coming from the spigot.” Dean said, inspecting a fingernail. “And,
“What? Not even a smile?” Dean elbowed Cas in the ribs. “C’mon, that was a good one. No? Nothing? Alrighty then chuckles. As far as theory goes, was I close?”
“That comes in handy.” Said Dean, running his hand over his stomach absentmindedly. “Hey! That reminds me! I thought something had siphoned your mojo, or whatever. What’s the deal? And
I want to say another thank you to all of the people who cheered me on as I worked on completing this fic! It's the longest thing I've written to date, as well as the first bang I've ever participated in, and I couldn't have done it without the unwavering support of my friends. I hope you've enjoyed this story! Please leave a comment with your thoughts, I'd love to hear from my readers :)
“Ah.” Said Pamela, as she put back a swig of her drink. “It’s just that my eyes aren’t in working order.”
“Well, I could say that I insist upon the use of first names due to the intimate nature of such a gesture, and that it is a sign of attentive listening and intellectual immersion; but in all honesty, I simply enjoy saying your name. It is a reminder of the gravity of our connection.”
A few steps from where he and Dean had stood was a dark hallway, in which the only light came from a sputtering wall sconce that did nothing more than cause dim flashes on the discarded dishes piled on a dusty cart. Dean sidestepped the cart, looking like he’d been this way many times before. Castiel followed him down this passageway, which presumably led to a back entrance, and the sounds of the patrons of
“You like this, huh?” whispered Dean. “You like having my mouth wrapped around your cock. Is this what you wanted? When you shoved me into a wall back there? Because I wanted this,” he almost hissed. “I wanted you.”
the shirt. And the everything. Whose collarbone stood out, a sharp line against his taut, tanned skin that glistened and steamed from the hot shower, and a surprisingly strong-looking shoulder dipped and curved up elegantly to his neck, whose chest rose with each breath, muscles stretching and rolling languidly beneath his skin, his toned arm out of the shower, hand gripped tight to the curtain, which was not quite hiding his upper half.
His erection throbbed in his jeans, and he ground into Dean, trying desperately to sate it. There was little grace to their motions, and that was okay; because neither were bothered by it, both were stealing pleasure in the dead of night, and when Castiel’s hand traveled down to Dean’s groin and he palmed the hardness there, Dean muttered his consent. A fumbling of zippers and Dean’s Levi’s were below his hips, Castiel feeling the cloth of his briefs, the proof of Dean’s arousal, straining against the thin fabric. He guided it free, thumbing the tip, which was already wet with precome. After spitting in his palm, Castiel pumped his hand down and up Dean’s thick shaft, eliciting from the man a whining groan.
Cas didn’t respond, simply gazing at his friend with such tenderness that Dean had no choice but to look away. He went about ripping open the take-out bag, and Cas turned on the TV, flipping through the five channels before settling on an
“I don’t need to be saved, you know,” Dean said bitterly, an old shadow crossing his face. “I don’t want your pity.”
“Don’t mention it,” she said, offering her hand. Cas took it and she shook it firmly, momentarily placing her other hand over his. “The name’s Pamela.”
“Hey, there’s a motel a minute off. Let’s wait, so we can enjoy it,” he said, surprising himself with his restraint.
Dean unwrapped his own burger, mouth watering at the sight of nearly an inch of bacon piled on top of the meat, which oozed melted cheese. He sunk in his teeth, pleasantly surprised to find it tasted just off the grill.
Come to think of it, Castiel was a bit like a present underneath the christmas tree- the mystery of what was under the colorful paper making the gift itself all the more alluring every minute it wasn’t opened - and Cas was always neatly wrapped in khaki fabric and suit pants. Until, he wasn’t. And Dean was suddenly met with a sight he was not
Why they’d slowed down Castiel wasn’t sure, but he wasn’t complaining. They kissed again, with more intensity this time, flashes of tongue joining the movement of lips, and Dean’s fingertips pressed into Castiel’s chest. Hums and sighs were shared between their mouths, Dean’s clever tongue moving velvet soft over his upper lip before he sucked Castiel’s lower lip languidly. Castiel had handfuls of Dean’s shirt in his grip, and as the blood in his body seemed to burn hot he pulled Dean closer, until there was scarcely an inch of them not pressed firmly against the other.
Dean was looking at him differently now, his exasperation conflicted with something else. He scratched the back of his neck, a nervous action, one Castiel remembered him doing upon their last meeting.
Denim is unforgiving. Denim is unforgiving, he thought, as he tasted Dean, as they fell against the rough brick wall. There was some shuffling as Dean turned to face the wall and Castiel fit himself against his back, bodies pressed together, one of Castiel’s hands holding Dean’s wrist to the wall. Dean arched his back, grinding his ass against Castiel, along the line of his arousal. Their slight height difference was perfect now. Castiel rolled his hips into Dean and kissed the back of his neck, feeling the heat of Dean’s body against him, any thought of the coldness of the night forgotten.
Castiel looked at this pretty young man that he had -- just a week before -- come to know carnally, and saw nothing but exasperation and coldness in his green eyes. He felt something heavy fall into his gut, understanding that he’d done something wrong but at a loss as to what it had been. Not for the first time in his life, he wished he could start over, skip back ten minutes and maybe, this time, he’d heed Missouri’s word. But something rooted him to the spot: the same desire for comprehension that had always made him so stubborn and insistent, made stronger, somehow, by the knowledge he’d caused an unknown harm.
No, he still felt no disgust at the thought of what Dean did with strangers. But falling in love with Dean had caused sadness and regret to claw him deeply whenever it crossed his mind.
The next few minutes were quiet but for Dean’s soft, overstrung moans, because Castiel had crawled back into place between Dean’s legs, the giving of release on his mind. One finger slipped inside of Dean to caress his sweet spot, Castiel used his other hand to pump Dean’s length, which was thick and hard and pulsing with tension. Castiel watched the lean, beautiful body quake and shudder at his touch, saw the color rising in his cheeks. Dean’s lips framed his warning just moments before the orgasm hit, and he cried aloud as he came in spurts, pearls of ejaculate landing on his abdomen and chest. Castiel stroked Dean until he was empty, and then he kissed him, sloppily and inexpertly, for both were entirely spent.
When he finally met Dean’s eyes once more, it was to find them round and wide. His lips were parted in a little “O”, and he looked up at Castiel in something bordering on awe. This time, Castiel did not stop the smirk that crept onto his face.
“You got the bed. I have blankets in the trunk, I’ll sleep on the floor.” Dean said, nodding at the carpeted space between the bed and couch.
Unkempt hair and a rumpled trenchcoat weren’t out of place, but he stank of money and uncertainty, neither of which belonged in this part of town; and he had the nagging anxiety of an animal of prey that had strayed from its herd.
Castiel stood awkwardly by the pair, holding his beer as they continued their friendly banter. His mind wandered back to pensive detachedness, and the troubled feeling that had been nagging at him now came into center stage. Frowning, Castiel took a look around the bar. It was an ocean of faces moving in and out of the shadows, cigarette smoke rising up from them like sea foam. Booths lined the back wall, dusty hanging lights floating above them and giving each cubby the false impression of isolation. At one, a man in a hat shamelessly snaked his hand up the skirt of a scantily-dressed woman.
Naughty Dean and Cassie participate in some unsafe sex practices, such as no use of protection and no hygienic preparation. This is, of course, under the presumption that Castiel can perform proper hygienic rituals and prevent the spread of STI's and STD's with his grace. But unless you are having sex with an angel, make sure to be safe -- for your sake, and your partner's, stay clean, get tested, and USE A CONDOM. Once that's down, you can go wild.
the cock now at his mercy; now it was within his sight and his to taste, and he marveled that whatever sculptor had made this body had not failed to make this part of him just as stunning as the rest.
She smiled, deftly placing a hand on his shoulder, which she gave a squeeze. “Oh, some things I can just tell.”
He kissed Dean, who’d leaned in to be chest to chest, and Castiel moved his hips up to meet Dean, slight thrusts into his heat. Inside of Castiel something was winding tight, and he gripped Dean, feeling the beading sweat on his back, hearing his breath by his ear. Desperation crept into their voices as words became difficult, Dean meeting Castiel’s thrusts in a frenzy of movement.
Dean’s skin was soft below the stubble, and Castiel’s mind wandered from what his lips were doing to his hands, which were passing up and down Dean’s back. On his next pass he brought them down to feel the hardness in Dean’s jeans. Dean made a surprised sound, his hold on Castiel tightening.
Whatever it was that they had had grown exponentially in one night, and the mark Dean had made on him had become permanent. Sealed. Etched in stone. Lying there on his mattress, thinking about the night before, Castiel finished falling deeply in love with the man who’d just left his bed.
Castiel never did like talking about where he went to school. He’d always been ashamed of his family’s wealth; and it bothered him that while he’d paid his own way for room and board and other expenses, his tuition was fully sponsored by his estranged parents. They may not want their son home for Christmas dinner, but God forbid he disgrace the family name by becoming something other than a doctor or a lawyer.
“Then where do you propose I sleep?” Cas had crossed back into the bathroom, and Dean followed to the doorway, watching as Cas squeegeed his trenchcoat over the tub.
Cas plopped down on the seat, pulling at the fabric of his shirt, which was clinging to his abdomen.
Cas closed the door, and Dean eyed his friend as he crossed in front of the car. Of course, Dean understood the appeal of layered clothing--- but,
The liquid was cold, and he warmed it as he coated a finger. Before he began, he made one more pass over Dean’s ass with his tongue, lapping and kissing. Castiel wasn’t proud of much, but he knew what his fingers were capable of; and he wanted to hear every sound Dean could make. He swirled his finger around the pink ring, feeling the delicious pressure, and turned his wrist for the right angle. A shuddering gasp from the head of the bed as Castiel’s fingertip penetrated Dean, slick with lube as he coaxed Dean open, centimeter by centimeter. Adding more lube, soon he was two knuckles deep and enveloped in tight heat. He twisted his finger as he pulled out and went back in again, making Dean’s hips squirm.
The pair headed for the drive-thru, all the more aware of their empty stomachs as the smell of fast food wafted through the ventilation. Avoiding the turducken, Dean chose a delicious looking double bacon cheeseburger with fries and a tall drink, and Castiel followed suit, ordering the same with a coffee instead of the drink despite Dean’s insisting that it was much too late for caffeine. They rolled up to the window, where some confused, pimply teenager took an incredibly grimy twenty from two men who appeared to have just come back from a swim in the sewer. Chuckling,  Dean counted the change, and Cas fiddled around with the radio, until settling on something Dean thought might be the Supremes. The same kid came back a minute later with their order, and he preceded to hand Dean a bag, two drinks, and a giant wad of napkins with a baffled look. Cas leaned forward to thank him and received a tight lipped nod before the teen disappeared back into the restaurant.
They continued to bicker, but Cas was steadfast, his stubbornness giving Dean’s a run for it’s money - all the while wringing out his soggy trenchcoat until Dean stopped him, citing the smelly buildup on bottom of the tub and instructing Cas to wash it down the drain. Cas handed off his coat to Dean, who held it away from his body to avoid it getting dirtier as he exited the bathroom for the door. He folded the coat and popped the trunk of the Impala. Dean felt familiar sort of ache as he held the bundle, reminded of the time he had done the same thing for vastly different reasons. Just a few short years ago, while the Leviathans were at large, he’d moved the trench to every car he drove, which, during that period, was a whole lot of different cars. He had thrown it in the spin cycle more times than necessary, never managing to wash the blood all of the way out. Dean shook off the memories. Anyways, it wasn’t the same coat. Dean wasn’t quite sure what happened to the first one, and Dean presumed it got lost during Cas’s chaotic first weeks as a human. He had shown back up in a new one after he upped his mojo, and Dean realised he had never really asked about it - he was too worried about Gadreel running amuck in Sam’s body to give a damn - but, he supposed it was alright. Shorter, a bit frumpier, perhaps lacking the character of the first coat. But, it was still undeniably Cas. Dean slid it into a plastic bag, tied it tight before slipping it into another, doing the same and muttering about how it’d better not stink up his ride as he sat it next to his duffel. Dean grabbed their bags and their food and made his way back inside.
They kissed. A beast in Castiel roared its appeasement, and he deepened the kiss as Dean’s hands grabbed at his back, fingers dug into his coat. He passed his tongue hungrily over Dean’s, and pulled back to look at him. Not giving a thought about the damp alleyway floor, Castiel struggled to free himself from his coat, which Dean pulled off of him. It fell into a heap on the ground. Dean was on him once more, and Castiel freed the top two buttons of his shirt as Dean sucked marks onto his neck, rough and frenzied and just what Castiel needed. His hands slid under Dean’s jacket, which also came off, a flying bundle of bulky leather that hit the lid of a dumpster with a muffled crash.
“Oh.” He fumbled with the curtain, pulling it close around him, making a clatter as the curtain rings raked against the rod. “My apologies. Could you grab my shampoo?”
Interested, Dean refrained from commenting on his friend’s equally prudish use of words and let him continue.
He had insisted on giving Cas his own room, the one across from his own, and Cas had obliged, moving his few belongings into it - specifically, his phone charger, the keys to his truck, a choice stack of books from the library, and the duffel bag he had gotten from Dean. A few more items had found its way in his room, including a postcard and photograph from Claire, an alarm clock, and a toothbrush and razor (Cas had developed a fondness for personal hygiene after he found he couldn’t always get the job done with his grace.)
glowing above the street, flickering every now and then. Furtively, people filtered in and out of its doors. His feet carried him closer, boots catching on cracks in the pavement. He was just close enough now to see through the bar’s grimy windows, and he felt his pulse quicken. Rather than slow down at his nervousness, Castiel sped up his pace, about to catch the door someone had just come through when --
Some of Castiel’s frustration must have shown in his expression, for an self-satisfied smirk flashed across the stranger’s face. This was too much for Castiel’s nerves. He wanted to start forward and do,
“What do you want from me?” he asked, crossing his arms. “I don’t owe you anything,” he added, as though Castiel had demanded something of him.
He whipped his head around, caught off-guard by Cas’s sudden appearance, having nearly forgotten he was there. Dean locked eyes with the angel, whose eyes widened at his alarm.
marathon. Dean cracked open the six-pack he’d grabbed from the backseat of the impala, and slid a bottle over to the angel, who asked why he needed coffee
“I’m close,” said Castiel, and Dean’s nod turned to a shudder as Castiel wrapped his hand around his cock.
Dean threw his hands in the air, eyes wide with exasperation. “You did nothing, pal, except march over here with that pole up your ass, looking like a cop in that stupid trenchcoat.”
And gently, wordlessly, Dean laid Castiel on his back, and lowered his pretty mouth around Castiel’s arousal, the heat of his tongue sinking through him like fire in his blood. A nod to the nightstand was all that was needed for Dean to lean over and rummage around until he found the small square package. He placed it on Castiel’s chest as he dragged his teeth along the side of his neck, leaving a kiss before he swung out a leg to straddle Castiel.
“Dinner! I nearly forgot!” Cas exclaimed, uncharacteristically excited. “I’ll be out in five minutes.”
Dean laughed. “Yeah, name’s Dean. I’m a hooker but I don’t do the name thing. Most John’s don’t give a fuck what my name is anyways.”
“Didn’t mean to freak you out or nothin’,” the young man said, smiling. “The way you talk, you’d think no one had ever taken an interest in you.”
Cas rolled his eyes, craning his neck up to plant a wet, warm kiss on Dean’s lips. Dean didn’t move a muscle.
“Dunno why I’m even doing this,” Dean said, more to himself than to Castiel. “You’re a bit weird, you know?” he went on, thoughtfully. “And, uh, innocent. Or something. God, this is shitty to have to explain--”
And so Castiel went on, a new sort of determination blazing in his chest. He kissed down Dean’s length to tease Dean’s balls, the shaved skin sliding smoothly beneath his tongue. Fingernails dug into his scalp before Dean remembered himself, and the action turned into a caress.
It didn’t matter that Cas was a genderless entity comprised of celestial energy, or whatever the hell he claimed he was. What mattered was that Cas was shaped like a man. Not just any man -  Cas was, by appearance, a rugged, virile, perfect example of masculinity. He was rough-hewn and strong, all sharp edges and firmness where Dean preferred curves and softness, with wide shoulders and a cutting jaw line, a deep, commanding voice and an air of dominance and forcefulness that shook Dean to his core. Cas was powerful and absolute and not at all what Dean should like. No, Dean was a warrior, tough and proud, and too masculine himself to ever bat an eye at another man - because Dean Winchester liked cars, and guns, and rock music, and women.
“Get your fucking pants down.” Dean demanded as he went for Castiel’s belt without even waiting for consent. Castiel allowed him to tear his pants from his waist and winced when his belt buckle slapped the floor. They both sat in silence to make sure the man on the other side of the wall didn’t notice and the man seemed to be wrapped up in his own story.
Dean was nervous and wasn't sure why he was there. Wasn't sure why he even called Castiel up in the first place. He was after all, straight. At least he thought that until he met the dark haired man earlier that day.
“Oh fuck.” Castiel cried as Dean found a rhythm and began to thrust his hips with the jerk of his hand. They both moaned out in pleasure as Dean picked up the pace, sounds of slicking lube echoing throughout the room.
Once they were cleaned up they lay on the bed breathing deeply. Dean silently looked over at Cas and began to smile.
Dean slowed the rhythm back down so he wouldn’t cum and placed the head of Castiel’s dick about half way down his shaft and began squeezing firmly and slowly moving his hips up and down. The direct stimulation to Castiel’s head was building his orgasm and Dean could sense this by the way the other man’s body was jerking uncontrollably beneath his, and the way his breathing became heavier, yet less frequent as the orgasm took hold of Castiel. He wrapped his hand around the other side of their members, allowing Dean’s hand to set the rhythm as they laced their fingers together, moving up and down. Dean’s hips followed their hand movements. His hips wouldn’t stop bucking and Castiel was thrusting up into the motion as well, creating a perfect wave of pleasure for both. Castiel noticed Dean was staring at him as they fucked into each other’s hand and Dean bit back a moan. In that moment, Castiel began to cum. His brow furrowed and his mouth dropped, groans of pleasure escaping his full lips as Dean didn’t let up and continued to fuck his own dick against his. Castiel’s cum was warm and and created even more sensation for Dean and his orgasm followed. Even though Castiel had already came he still used his hand and thrust of his hips to guide Dean through his own orgasm, their cum mixing together making it almost impossible to keep hold of either member.
Castiel sat there stunned. He thought this whole time if they were to ever be around each other again he would be friend zoned. Once Dean looked up, Cas slowly made his way toward him, the air beginning to thicken.
“What will happen if I disobey?” Castiel sucked Dean’s lower lip into his mouth, his tongue softly brushing against it.
“Get the blade.” Cas demanded, his voice filled with aroused anger. Once Dean retrieved the blade Castiel glared at him with passion in his eyes. “Now cut me.” Dean didn’t waste any time he slid the blade with a bit less force across Castiel’s skin than Crowley had done him, just enough to draw blood and without restraint he went for the other man’s neck savagely. The hard sucking and scraping of Dean’s teeth across Castiel’s skin brought out a sound of what could only be described as a cry mixed with pleasure and pain. The sound of Castiel sounding weak for him filled Dean’s stomach with butterflies so he bit harder and Castiel clawed at his back and tugged at this hair.
It's not like he had never been sexually involved with someone but it had never been with a male and he felt like a virgin all over again.
“Faggot.” Castiel smiled as he gripped Dean’s ass in his hands, pressing their lips together. Dean giggled and slightly pushed Castiel away from him. “I’m sorry were you in the same shower? You were the one begging me to fuck you in the ass, not the other way around.”
Castiel couldn’t focus on that because Dean’s orgasm came right after, his cum painting the bottom of the door along with part of the floor of the Lord’s house, throwing his head back as he fucked himself back onto Castiel’s semi-hard dick jerking himself zealously. After several moments Dean rose from his lap, snapped his fingers and they were both cleaned up and clothed in an instant.
Dean bit his lip and pulled out of Cas quickly and pulled him down to the ground. “Lay on your back.” He demanded as if he wasn’t already physically forcing Castiel into this position. Without any hesitation he shoved his dick all the way back in causing both him them to moan.
“Let me guess… it’s been so long since you’ve given yourself any ‘affection’ that me explaining the things I would do to you were enough to get you almost there.” Castiel sat in silence and he could almost swear he heard Dean’s lips form into a smirk. That silence was answer enough for Dean. His soft laugh turned sinister.
“Fuck me now.” He growled at Dean as he arched his ass toward the other man. Dean wasted no time pulling his digit out of Castiel to replace it with his throbbing dick. Castiel cried out in pain and pleasure as Dean shoved himself into the tight entrance.
“You wanted me to pound you like this the moment you saw me?” Dean asked as he brought Castiel’s legs up to rest on his shoulders.
“Am I wrong, Father? I don’t want to tell my wife because then it’ll stop and what if we lose the thrill? Then I’m out of that and a family.” Castiel was balancing three things at once. Trying to hear this man, enjoy himself and also be quiet at the same time. Castiel’s mouth fell slack as Dean bounced and rolled on him, watching small beads of sweat roll down the other man’s back brought a hot heat to his stomach then he tried to compose his voice.
“What in the bloody hell do you think you’re doing, Dean?” There stood a short man with a gruff voice and a British accent. This must be the King of Hell. “This is no way to treat your boss.”
All Dean could do was watch and think about how good Cas must be with his hands and Cas noticed he was staring.
“I’ve never done this before.” Castiel closed his eyes at how lame the words he blurted out sounded.
“Forgive me.” Dean gave a half smile that was filled with hurt and then his eyes turned jet black. Castiel jerked his hands away like he had been burned.
“What?” He asked as he lay on his stomach, adjusting his pillow so his face would be close to Castiel’s.
Cas broke free from Dean’s hold and grabbed the other man’s shirt collar, crashing their lips together hard. He wasn’t sure if he was kissing right with his sloppy movements but Dean groaned into his mouth, taking Castiel’s lower lip into his mouth, sucking intently. A sharp breath escaped the priest’s mouth as his lips and tongue wrestled with Dean’s for dominance. Soon after, Dean was the first to break the kiss. He stared at Castiel in awe, like he’d never seen something so majestic. Both breathless, eyes boring into one another, Dean cautiously reached for the bulge in Castiel’s pants.
“No of course not! That may be how it started when I was first sent here and the first time in the confessional but there’s just something about you. I feel for you There’s something here between us.” Dean looked down to the floor in shame.
He slowly shoved himself into Castiel, slowly working his way in as not to hurt him. Once Cas was fully relaxed Dean began to pick up the pace.
Moaning under his breath he could feel he was getting close. "Fuck," the groan was almost a whisper as he was feeling the pressure build at the base of his spine. This moment of pleasure was interrupted by the extremely loud ringtone on his phone which startled him.
“It’s just not that simple anymore, I love the thrill and how wrong it is yet so perfect. The way she feels is indescribable… ” The man let out a frustrated sigh which helped to mask the sigh that slipped from Castiel’s desperate pink lips. Dean lifted himself up quickly to lock his lips with Castiel’s as the man continued to talk about his sexcapades with the family babysitter. Castiel involuntarily wrapped his arms tightly around the other man’s neck, trying so hard to be quiet but also living in the moment and taking in every bit of Dean. Oh how he had missed this. Missed everything about this. How could he go his entire existence without experiencing sex and deciding to take a vow before he even knew what he was missing? He had been avoiding confession himself. Castiel knew that God knew what he did and what he’s constantly thinking of. And to repent would be a lie because as guilty as he should feel, it simply was not there. Yeah Dean was a demon but he wasn’t like the way they’re described in the scripture and there’s a trust. He missed Dean so much in the weeks he had gone without seeing him that the demon part didn’t seem so colossal anymore.
A dark smirk fell over Castiel’s face. “Speaking of… ‘what that mouth do’?” Dean matched Castiel’s look as he pushed the man onto his back.
The following Sunday service, Cas felt his nerves getting the best of him. He skimmed the crowd for the green eyed man but couldn’t locate him. Part of him was relieved, while the other part was disappointed. As much as he didn’t want to admit it, he longed for those pools of emerald to consume him. Once service was over Castiel moped over to his booth and waited for those who needed his assistance. After a few members of the church had come and gone Castiel was about to wrap up when he heard the other door abruptly open and close.
"By the looks of this ticket he digs meat." Cas stuck his tongue out and they both giggled, catching the attention of the gorgeous man at the counter.
“No trust me… you’re the one that’s beautiful.” Castiel bit his lip, brow furrowing in what looked like pain but it was far from it. Silence fell upon the two as pleasure became their main focus. They ran their hands up and down the other’s tight body as Dean slammed into Cas unsteadily. Castiel’s senses were filled up with every bit of Dean. There was a certain angle at which Dean would thrust into Castiel from time to time that told him he was hitting Cas’s prostate. The way he could feel Cas tighten around him made Dean a groaning mess.
“Only at first but you get used to it. We will start slow, I have some lube.” Dean rose off the bed to his things to pull a small bottle from his pocket. Castiel already missed the warmth and weight on top of him. Oh how this quickly may become a problem… Dean managed a predatory crawl back up to Castiel and used his hands to teasingly spread the other man’s thighs.
“I don’t know, Father, I know it’s wrong. I know I shouldn’t want this. I love my wife and I made a vow to be loyal to her forever…” Dean looked up and arched his brow amused with how ironic this man’s story was to theirs.
“God damnit Winchester, you have no idea what you’re getting yourself into.” Castiel gritted his teeth as he pressed his still-hard dick up against Dean.
“How do you want me?” He blurted out as if someone had taken over his mouth momentarily. A dark smile formed upon Dean’s face as he rose up and shoved Castiel flat on his back and maneuvered his way in between Castiel’s thick and delicious thighs. Large strong hands ravaged Castiel’s body, Dean leaning in occasionally to bite at his nipples. This new sensation caused Castiel’s body to jerk upward and run his fingers through Dean’s short hair.
"I think I'll go see about that right now." Cas flashed a smile as he dusted himself off while making his way to the counter.
Cas hasn't heard from Dean since he ran out on him the other night but has a lovely surprise waiting for him once he arrives home.
"Do you want to try some of it before we bake?" Cas offered, his body screaming for Dean to touch him.
“Oh, fuck.” Dean muttered, returning the movement, pressing his hips down, bringing a groan from Castiel.
"I'll take a water and your bacon cheeseburger with fries." He smiled as he examined the restaurant that had started emptying out.
“I’ve never done this before but I think I can figure it out.” Dean was confident for someone who had never been with a man, but that could also be the booze.
“Oh my God.” Dean cried out as Castiel worked saliva up from the back of his throat, massaging the head with his tongue flattened, giving him long slow strokes all the way down to where Dean could feel himself in the back of Castiel’s throat, then back up to the sensitive tip. He grabbed the back of Castiel’s head after a few movements and began to fuck himself into the wet opening, groaning and cussing as Castiel’s mouth made filthy noises that only encouraged Dean to go harder. Gagging sounds came from Castiel as the head of Dean’s dick pounded the back of his throat, saliva draining from his mouth to the base.
Behind him, the latch bolt clicked and Castiel turned on instinct, catching Dean’s eye as he looked up from the knob. Castiel glanced away quickly and wanting to busy himself with something, he edged to his desk and stooped to look through a milk crate full of records.
-- his bar would be clean and inviting and the people in it would be friendly, and the beers on tap craft beers, and there’d be quality stuff on the top shelf. He’d run it. He had a flair for business, he explained, with a smile full of mixed emotion.
Could a person who drips with purity and kindness and strength really see past his flaws, and wait this long for him to come to himself? Peer into his soul and still find him worthy of such a deep, abiding … was it …
“Goodbye, and good luck,” Missouri offered in return, and Castiel was left wondering what she meant.
Dean shook his head, amused. He missed his friend’s childlike candidness, which seemed to have been mostly lost over the last few years.
“I-- what?” said Castiel, now feeling acutely wrongfooted, his two interactions of the night so far having been well beyond his ability to comprehend.
His chest heaved, his knuckles were white and his eyes were wide, pupils blown. The conclusion hit Dean like a wall of bricks. Cas had heard him.
Dean couldn’t be certain, mostly due to the low light and layer of grime, but it sure as hell looked like it. Dean pulled his hand away, as he was obviously making Cas uncomfortable.
Dean would be perfectly happy talking about nothing in particular, because the freedom to do that would mean there were no pressing matters to take care of, no great responsibility on either of their shoulders. But, that wasn’t the life they led. Maybe, someday they could share a moment like that, but there would always be something that would stop them from being at peace, stop them from having it all. Even if they did, Dean would just screw it up. Anyways, life wasn’t bad. He had a home and he had his mother back, even if she was off God knows where, and he had Sam safe and sound and the closest to happy he’d ever been, and Cas was right here with him. It was more than he could ever ask for, and probably more than he deserved.
When he turned one last time, it was to see the back of her fur coat swish as she walked away. Unsettled, Castiel stepped into the din of the bar beyond the door.
“Okay. You already cleaned it off in the shower, so we don’t need to worry about soap or anything. But we should still disinfect it.”
In an effort to escape re-organizing the bunker library, Dean had pinned down a case a few states over; and, from the newspaper clippings, it looked to be nothing a silver bullet or two couldn't handle. Despite this, Cas had insisted he have a “wing man” - something Dean found endlessly amusing - and made the trip with him to some shotty town in Kentucky. They killed themselves a few shape-shifters, but not before falling in raw sewage.
He’d nearly forgotten. Just minutes ago, he’d been sporting a raging boner. The kind that makes your head dizzy and your pants way too tight - and Dean felt dread settle in his stomach. Because it wasn’t porn that had given him a boner, nor was it a sexy little thing across the bar, or a particularly low-cut tee shirt. No, it wasn’t even a girl.
“Get him a bottle of El Sol, and two shots of Jack while you’re at it.” Again, Castiel’s neighbor to the right stepped in to save the day. The same woman then spoke directly to Castiel.
Man, this was unpleasant. Dean shifted, all too aware of the ungodly places the filth had wormed its way into. He reached his hand down - but stopped just above his groin.
Beyond the ugly combination of guilt and disgust that had settled in Dean’s gut, something entirely different grew. His skin was heated from more than the cascade of water down his back, and his nerve endings began to wake up, his fingertips itching to touch his skin and
indeed. The t-shirt shirt was much less baggy than Dean had imagined, instead fitting just a bit loosely around Cas’s torso, some of the fabric clinging to his frame. Dean’s sweatpants sat on Cas’s hips, following the the lines of his body all the way down to his bare feet, and one of his hands was slipped into his pocket, the other hanging at his side. His face was clean, his hair wet and tousled. Cas looked casual, from his clothing to his expression, and Dean did a double-take.
They fell into silence, and Castiel contemplated his beer. He popped the cap off with some complaint from the skin of his palm. When he tried it, it was rich and dark, warm to the tongue, and tasted a lot like how wood smelled. It was good.
And yet, there he stood. Fixed to the spot, he glared at the stranger, unable to propel himself forward. He teetered on the edge of acting, not dropping his gaze, and the stranger looked back, unphased. Finally, it became too much. When the man’s eyes flickered away and he began to walk deeper into the shadows, Castiel unfroze and veered towards the man, who turned in surprise. Castiel shocked himself with his own actions, but made no effort to stop himself when he pushed the stranger against a wall with his forearm and gritted his teeth.
Dean shut off the water. He had successfully de-sewaged himself, albeit having to wash certain places more thoroughly than he would originally have liked to. But, he felt clean and fresh, and it was
“Well, sort of, I guess,” Cas amended, contemplating Meg, and her place in his world. Another moment, and Cas decided to change his answer yet again. “Uh, not really, no.”
“Why do I want to know what happened?” Castiel echoed back, running over the inquiry in his head. It was a strange question. “I want to put things right, but I can’t do that until I know what went wrong.”
He affirmed. “But, I don’t know if it would work that way all the time. There may have been something special about the situation
Responding to the sudden vulnerability, Castiel rose and laid down by Dean’s side. He’d tucked his erection back in his boxers.
“Is that it? Well, I’ll make sure to mention that to your manager,” she chided.  “And hey, while you’re at it, another refill, would you?”
Like hell if Dean was gonna bring it up - some things were better left unsaid. Hopefully Cas recognised that and wouldn’t make some stupid comment, because the potential conversation made his insides crawl. Although, Dean doubted his friend would mention anything - his reaction alone suggested Cas had a full understanding of the situation, and would most likely not want to talk about it, either.
“It’s just--” Dean bleated before regaining his poise. “I just don’t like owing people. Don’t like favors. Please, let me. I want it. I do.”
the debased souls of purgatory, the status of my grace didn’t change --- of course, at that time my grace was still more or less intact, but it was still that of a Seraph. My power only grew due to an immense source of energy in close proximity, which channeled itself through my grace --- similar to that electrical surge we had a few weeks ago, the one that blew out your coffeemaker and Sam’s hairdryer.” Dean half chuckled, still amused by the fact that Sam had secretly owned a hairdryer.
They couldn’t be more than ten feet apart now. People were passing between them like flickering shadows, momentarily obstructing Castiel’s view of the young man, who appeared entirely unaffected. Logic provided that the rest of the bar was too preoccupied to take notice of their silent staring contest. This, however, was little comfort to Castiel, who felt as though he’d be caught in the sights of a helicopter searchlight.
Jamming the key in the lock, Castiel wiggled it before shouldering into the door, which had a habit of sticking. With a quiet
He scanned the crowd further. Neon signs flickered, raucous laughter sounded, money was passed from one hand to another. Castiel was about to return to his beer when his eyes locked with the cause of his disquiet.
He locked the door behind him, setting their bags on the bed. Cas’s was suspiciously light, and Dean zipped it open to find all Cas had packed was a toothbrush and shampoo, a towel, his charger, and, for some strange reason, a half-eaten package of chili-lime pork rinds. What it lacked was a change of clothes - this dumpy motel didn’t have a washer-dryer, washing Cas’s stuff wasn’t going to happen - so Dean proceeded to rummage through his own things, seeing if there was anything extra he had packed that Cas could borrow. Cas was a bit smaller than Dean, so he figured his stuff would fit him, if not be a bit baggy. He settled on some grey pajama pants and a faded white tee shirt that may have once had a band name on it, but was too washed out to read. Dean heard the shower running in the bathroom, and he walked over and knocked on the door.
“You know I love me some shower sex,” he quipped with a wink, “but in all honesty, I wanna get back. We still have to stop for food and maybe do some laundry. Magic me clean.”
Although, Dean hadn’t quite gotten used to his emotional advancements; namely, his new-found affinity for sarcasm, and wider range of moods. He
In passing, Castiel noted the curiosity of a sex worker becoming flustered at being asked to remove his shirt.
“Okay, now we’re gonna wrap it up for the night.” Dean hesitated, and then put the gauze against the wound, holding his hand against Cas’s side. Cas tensed up. “Uh, hold this here.” He said.
Castiel gazed at the beautiful young man -- too young to be living like this, his choice or not -- and wondered. He didn’t know quite how to put his thoughts into words; he’d never been good at this, always having relied on actions to speak his intent. And so he decided to ask it.
“Be quiet and enjoy,” Castiel growled, resurfacing only long enough to look at Dean’s ass, which was flushed bright from Castiel’s stimulation.
The doubt left in his chest seemed to dissipate, unable to stand the brilliance of the light that was . Tenderly, Castiel cupped Dean’s cheek. Dean leaned into the touch.
Castiel didn't reply. Instead, he watched Dean take another sip from his drink, clearly putting on a show for Castiel’s benefit. Automatically, Castiel pulled his beer towards him, readjusting his grip on the body of the bottle, fingers feeling the shape as Dean gave a satisfied sigh upon swallowing. Without thought, Cas took a swig of his own beer, and his chest burned as he set it back down, watching Dean run a finger over his lip, where some moisture still clung.
As he moved away from the bar, he chanced another backwards glance at the shadowy corner. Castiel was closer now, and found the same figure as before now in sharper focus. The stranger was already looking intently at Castiel when Castiel met his gaze, and didn’t seem phased in the least that his subject was aware of him -- he kept on gazing, his eyes appraising, curious. The stranger was undeniably handsome, nearly pretty.
And as though the thought had been silently shared between them, Dean’s hand was at his wrist, bringing him to a stop. Castiel turned to face the younger man. Dean’s eyes were dark, but in them was something warm, like faintly glowing embers.
The man was too far away to see clearly, and it was quite possible his was a familiar face. And, even if it weren’t, the stranger certainly seemed to know who
“Like he’d even have known the diff'rence,”  Roy the bartender grumbled, swiping a bottle off a high shelf. “Could’a poured the kid a glass of lighter fluid and he wouldn’t’a been none the wiser.”
It was as Castiel scissored his fingers that Dean really became undone; Castiel had hit his sweet spot and Dean’s hands were grabbing at the pillowcase, voice muffled as he buried his face in the pillow.
“And don’t think I can’t feel you boring your eyes through the back of my head, neither,” she added, smiling.
Dean looked in the rear-view mirror, smiling at his friend. Cas's hair was askew, matted in odd places and sticking out in others, and his trench was sopping wet and hanging loosely around his frame, big blue eyes staring back at him, bemused, made ever brighter by his otherwise grimy face. Dean couldn’t help but compare the angel with a cat just out of a bath. Well, perhaps the opposite of a bath.
He took another swig. Castiel took a moment to refamiliarize himself with his environment -- he noticed the tinny, clamouring music filtering above the crowd. A more trained ear might have made it out to be David Bowie, a name Castiel suspected after a minute or so of discerning plucky, dream-like chords as they drifted down from the speakers.
Castiel’s breath caught in his chest as Dean’s thumb moved past his collar and to the skin of his neck.
“Well,” and there was some hesitancy in Dean’s voice as he said it, “You think we could do somethin’ a little different?”
Dean felt his insides seize up, thrill flooding his senses. Cas had, without warning, resurfaced in his thoughts, and Dean felt himself thicken further in his grasp. Suddenly, he saw Cas, lit from behind as he stood in the doorway, sweatpants riding low on his hips, Dean’s shirt clinging to his wet skin. He saw Cas looking out from the shower, lips parted, his hair dark and wet and his gaze penetrating. Dean picked up his pace, breathing becoming shallow and fast as his other hand strayed, reaching aimlessly for another part of his body to touch. He settled for his chest, running his hand across the tight muscle that laid there.
In his head played flash frames of the man beneath him, in all the places they’d been together, because Castiel wanted a memory of Dean for every place he went; and he planned to have Dean at his side until he did.
Hours passed by uncommented upon, and above them the few stars bright enough to show through the city’s haze glittered like sparsely scattered diamonds. Neither said anything about parting. It was something like holding his breath, waiting for Dean to end their time together. If Dean were to dismiss him, Castiel could yet again quiet the want within him and choose to be content with what he’d gotten; but Dean said nothing, and soon the night became too heavy for either to speak. They walked on without destination, shoulders brushing every now and then, stealing glances at one another. And like the rising tide, or an earthquake shaking his foundations, Castiel felt the desire glow bright within him again-- like it had that evening in the park, like it had the night they had said goodbye at a bus stop. He wanted to kiss Dean. He felt the need ensnare his mind like hunger, like thirst, and he wanted Dean so badly it seemed to press upon his lungs.
He palmed Dean’s growing erection through his jeans, and undid the fly. Slowly, rapturously, he pulled the jeans from Dean’s hips as he lifted his bottom from the bed, and shimmied them down his legs before pulling them off completely. Dean sat, propped up on his arm, breathing rapidly as Castiel ran his hands over the muscles of his legs to his inner thighs. He was beautiful, and Castiel felt a lump of emotion rise in his throat as he looked over the body before him, naked but for gray cotton briefs.
Low and melodic, the lyrics joined the strumming, and Castiel flexed the hand as he looked at Dean, who looked back. He would not approach, however. It would be Dean’s choice. And choose Dean did, for he crossed the floor towards Castiel. But before he could get too close, Castiel caught his shoulder and held him there.
Having won the wrestling match, Dean settled on top of Cas. They laid there, breathing laboured, foreheads pressed together and noses touching, doing nothing more than looking at one another through heavy-lidded eyes. The pair stayed like that for a long time as their hearts slowed and their blood resumed its usual course, until Cas decided to break the silence.
Castiel had turned to face the man entirely now, and the man remained completely unabashed. This inspired such a powerful wave of frustration in Castiel he nearly lost his balance. He knew that this anger was just a convenient front for a wide host of less clear-cut emotion; but anger was most easily spurred into action, and Castiel felt the need to act. The alcohol was causing an irritating pulsing sensation in his right temple, interfering with his ability to think. The air in the bar was blurred by heat and smoke, rendering the scene dim and distorted, as though viewed by candlelight through a smudged lens, but the stranger stood out clearly, as though he were the only other solid shape in an abstract oil painting.
Dean felt heat rise in his cheeks. He had the impulse to elbow Castiel in the ribs, but that would just make it worse. The man behind the counter squinted at them.
Just a second or so later, the bar door swung open. A full-figured black woman stepped in, draped in blue-purple fabrics and scarves, her neck, ears and wrists adorned with pendant jewelry. She walked with confidence towards the bar, and the crowd seemed to part to clear her path. It was no surprise to Castiel when she walked their way, as Castiel had already pegged her as the friend Pamela was waiting on. Strange characters usually came in pairs.
He wanted to mark Dean, leave pink bruises of his love on the pale skin beneath his lips, but he remained gentle, lapping at the sweet taste of his thigh and listening to the sounds coming from the mouth of his lover. He barely stroked Dean’s cock as he familiarized himself with the flesh nearby, and the hand that clamped itself around his wrist was the sign of impatience that Castiel was looking for.
Cas let out an audible puff of air, as if he’d been holding his breath. Dean didn’t know angels did that.
Cas’s expression lightened exponentially, and he unbuckled his seatbelt (Cas seemed to have a special appreciation for automotive safety measures) and started to get out of the car.
Dean was saying filthy things that all blurred together in Castiel’s head. It was like a dream. A dream to have this, to be free of the fear of being caught, to be free of the shame of their actions, of the guilt. The darkness around them was no longer to hide them, but to make it possible to enjoy themselves to the fullest.
The two made their way back down the alleyway, their breath and footsteps amplified by the brick walls and relative silence. Castiel kept his lumbering gait steady despite an unhealed gash in his side, walking alongside his human companion with injuries of a similar intensity, and they rounded the corner onto the sidewalk and approached their car. It was impeccably clean, to Dean’s dismay, and he gingerly opened the car door and sat himself down, doing his very best to touch as little as possible. He barked at Cas when he went for shotgun, and after some bickering, the angel slid into the backseat of the Chevrolet. Dean looked approvingly at the still spotless passenger seat.
Dean nodded vigorously, a salacious smile breaking across his face. Castiel brought his index finger to his lips, sucking it into his mouth as he kept his gaze locked on Dean, who stared back. Finger wet, he drew a line down from Dean’s balls along his perineum, until he reached the tight folds of Dean’s opening, drawing circles there. Dean relaxed into the mattress, spine curving ever so slightly.
“Tonight’s story? Or do you want the whole life story?” she asked, with a half smile. “Well, tonight, I’m just waiting on a friend. Speaking of, what’s the weather like out there?”
The sound Dean made as he took him into his mouth sent chills through Castiel’s very being. His lips were stretched pleasurably around Dean’s girth, and his tongue swirled around the head, the tang of precum hitting his taste buds. Castiel wrapped his finger and thumb around his shaft and moved it in tandem with his mouth, turns of his wrist keeping the sensation just as fluid as the movement of his tongue. On their last encounter, he’d only
And it was Castiel’s turn to be up against a wall, for Dean had walked him backwards to where the bins blocked the view. Dean had a strange light in his eyes as he passed a hand over Castiel’s body, up his chest and to his bicep, back to his abdomen, and hooking his fingers in the waist of his jeans so they were flush against one another again. Just as Castiel went in to kiss Dean, Dean’s pretty face dropped-- as slowly, Dean got to his knees, gazing into Castiel’s eyes the whole way down. Castiel was glad that the wall was there, for he felt as though his knees might go out from under him any second, Castiel stared in disbelief at the young man beneath him.
His friend nodded. Dean took the end of the Ace bandage and slid his arm around the angel, doing his best to ignore the fact their faces were now just inches apart. Holding the bandage against the curve of Cas’s back, Dean pulled the rest of it around, covering Cas’s hand.
He wished Cas wouldn’t dwell on his past mistakes, but who was he to talk? Dean’d done his share of fucking up the world, and his whole schtick was dwelling on it like the self-loathing, emotionally constipated flannel-wearing hothead he was. But Cas? Cas was pure, he was virtuous, following the holy, righteous path for all of the unknown millenia he’s been around, never having known evil and corruption unless it was against the sharp edge of his blade.  Castiel saw in black and white, and time with the Winchesters muddled that up; leaving Cas to sort through shades of gray without knowing what it was exactly he had come across. So of course, when he found purpose to serve, a path to follow, he jumped at it --- and ended up confusing dark with light as he struggled to find a footing between his angelic duty and his ties to Earth, wanting good but doing bad. As they say, ‘the road to hell is paved with good intentions’---
“Uh, no problem.” Said Dean, watching his friend cross the room. He noticed Cas grimace, his hand shifting to his side.  “Hey, you still aren’t healed?”
which he pulled from the crate and slipped from its cover. Fitting it onto the turntable he lowered the needle onto the record, and crackling through the speakers came the soft sound of a lone acoustic guitar.
“But--” Castiel started again. How could she have been so confident? Her movements were precise and without hesitation, and she was so aware of her surroundings it had seemed  she had eyes in the back of her head. Now he knew that not only did she lack that second set of eyes, she lacked the first.
And how he wanted to take his time with getting to know Dean’s flesh. He could happily spend the whole night -- or longer -- tracing every inch of this skin with his hands, his lips, his tongue, and he couldn’t begin to express his gratitude that somehow, he’d earned this chance to do so. He hadn’t even looked back up to Dean’s face as he walked him back towards the bed, and with an involuntary sort of gasp Dean’s knees went out from under him as he sank onto the mattress. Castiel hummed his satisfaction as he splayed a hand over Dean’s heart.
Hearing his name, though truncated, caused something like a firecracker to go off inside of Castiel. He put his efforts into getting Dean off, cupping his balls before wrapping his hand around the base of Dean’s cock, bringing his hand up and back down with a flourish, fingers working madly to coax out as much sensation as he could for Dean.
With this, Dean brought the bottle to his lips and took a long drag, eyes closed and throat exposed. Castiel shifted uncomfortably in his chair.
“I’m going out for the night, boys! Have fun,” Balthazar shouted from the next room, before pulling the door shut behind him.
“Oh - and I left that stupid fluffy towel you brought from the bunker and a change of clothes on top of the toilet.” Dean added, cursing himself for his shortness of breath while simultaneously blaming the muggy air. Cas repeated his thank you, and Dean stepped out of the bathroom - before remembering he had something else to say.
Taking this as a sign, Castiel unfroze and stumbled into the room. Dean was looking at him quizzically, obviously not sure what to make of Balthazar, so Castiel decided to prove that his roommate wouldn’t mind -- he took Dean’s face in one of his hands and gave him a deep, filthy kiss. Castiel chose to ignore the smirk on Balthazar’s face as they came level with him, hand in hand, and went into the bedroom.
Cas’s breath tickled his neck, and Dean could still hear quiet snores from the angel. As slowly as he could, Dean worked his way out from under Cas’s arm, shifting until he laid on his back, and he turned his head to the side to get a better look at his friend. Cas looked--- well, he looked,
Somehow, much later, Castiel had managed to convince Dean to take the bed. Perhaps the wine had knocked the fight out of him. Just as Castiel was settling onto the couch, warm under a knitted kaftan they kept folded in a basket for just such an occasion, he heard the creak of floorboards and the slow open of his own bedroom door.
Dean knew he would regret this, like every other time. But he was too close, to high on pleasure to care where it was coming from, and like clockwork, Dean hit the edge, teetering dangerously as his hand pumped his length in long, deliberate strokes. So, when Cas’s deep, blue eyes surfaced at the forefront of his mind, and Dean felt himself crest, there was no regret - he simply let the powerful orgasm course through his body as blue rings swum in his his vision, and his head spun, barely grasping what had just happened, only caring that it had been
After pulling in, he and Cas crossed the parking lot into the lobby. Well, it wasn’t much of a lobby - it was about the size of a small bedroom, smelling of mildew and colored a shade of puce that Dean wasn’t sure was from the paint or layered dirt and stains.
“Why are you here, Cas?” he asked, evidently giving up on whatever it was he was trying to say before.
appreciated, so if you liked it, hit that button, baby. And if you didn't, let me know --- I'm always looking for ways to improve my work. Suggestions are not only accepted, but encouraged. Comment them and I'll do my best to incorporate them!
“Uh,” he said, voice faltering. He carefully pulled his hand out from under Cas’s. “Um, now I’m gonna have to reach around you.”
So Dean took the money, and stared down at it with his brow furrowed. Just as he opened his mouth to say something, Castiel spoke again.
He slowly lifted his hand from his friend’s back. Just as he did that, Cas seemed to grow concerned, tilting his head and looking intently at the hunter.
They settled down, Castiel in an armchair and Dean adjacent to him on the sofa. Castiel popped open the wine and poured it into their glasses before handing one to Dean, who took an interested sip, humming at the flavor. Castiel watched Dean before shaking himself and taking a sip of his own wine. It was decent. Cheap but full bodied. Dean turned the bottle to read the label, and then relaxed into his seat, wine in hand. They made eye contact before looking away quickly, and Castiel scrunched up his shoulders while Dean scratched behind his ear. It took a glass of wine and a few brave stabs at conversation from the each of them before they found a rhythm with one another; but once they’d found it, it carried them through the night. Castiel soon forgot the strangeness of the situation in the low, rough tones of Dean’s voice as he began to speak, as his facade fell away.
“Go ahead,” said Dean, the lighter finally taking, and his face suddenly glowed orange. “I’m not going back.”
Like the humming silence just before a lightning bolt, or maybe the sudden stillness of the eye of a hurricane, Castiel gazed down at the beautiful man below him, who seemed to glow. And then he was moving again, the feeling lifting in him, soaring swiftly upward as he sank again and again into Dean, until it spilled over and his rhythm fell apart. With one last thrust, he buried himself in Dean as he came, pressing his forehead against Dean’s as stars flashed beneath his eyelids. Finally, the feeling of anguish, of never having enough, was gone. He was somewhere new.
And then Dean’s smirk gave way to a gentle half-smile, and Castiel remembered again that this wasn’t that dark night so many weeks ago; that this was his room, warm and safe and far from that desperation, and he and that stranger were now friends. More than friends.
And one more thing! Here's a reference for the Enochian in this chapter (I've been studying it, and wanted to incorporate some basic phrases) :
“In case you haven’t noticed, Dean, I’m not exactly an average guy, nor do we often have average conversations.”
“Hey, so you don’t got to hold your arms like that, why don’t you just, uh, take off the shirt?” Dean finished, clenching his teeth as he heard himself.
Castiel was scanning Dean’s face, taking in the lids at half mast, the way his lip was just barely caught between his teeth. His heart skipped a beat.
But Castiel broke off, unsure of how to phrase his question. Dean was tracing a finger over his collarbone, and looked up at Castiel’s false start.
Cas flinched at the sudden movement, squinting at Dean with sleepy eyes. “What’s wrong?” he asked, scratching his head.
Dean scrambled up from his reclined position and pulled Castiel’s face level with his. They kissed, Dean’s hands taking the opportunity to map Castiel’s skin. The grip on his arm was almost hard enough to bruise, but Castiel revelled in the intensity of it as he licked into Dean’s mouth. He went into a crouch, holding tight to Dean’s thigh, not hesitating as he dropped his attention to Dean’s torso. Above him, Dean went quiet. His hands had left Castiel’s body.
A faint moan escaped Dean’s throat as the kiss intensified, and Castiel let his hands fall from the small of Dean’s back to the curve of his ass. It was becoming too much for them to stay in this vulnerable spot, and the sting of regret upon parting was worth their final destination. Sharing a meaningful look, they half ran together towards the staircase, breathing heavy as they climbed them to the third floor.
Castiel couldn’t help himself any longer. A thumb stimulating Dean’s anus and his tongue tasting again the swollen base of Dean’s cock, Castiel reached his free hand down to his own straining hard-on. Sneaking a hand into his boxers, Castiel hissed as his fingers came into contact with his stiff erection, which he stroked fumblingly as he continued his work on Dean.
dulled behind them. A door was flung open and Dean shot out a hand to stop it, and looked back over his shoulder for Castiel. Castiel nodded, giving what he hoped was a small smile but feared had ended up looking like more of a grimace. Whatever it had been it seemed to amuse Dean, who cracked a lopsided grin. Once Castiel had the door, Dean went forward, and Castiel found himself in a back alley, just wide enough for a car, but Castiel couldn’t see a street, just a fence and wall on one side, and more backs of buildings to the other side. The sound of the bustling city around them was oddly muted, and Castiel got the impression that they were the only ones around.
“At this rate, we won’t get back ‘till six,” He calculated. “And that’s if we leave right now, no pit-stops.”
It was then that the voice popped into his head. The voice was very familiar, as it was the same one that always managed to keep Dean from doing the things he tried so hard not to do --- such as openly enjoy chick flicks, talk about his feelings, ect. And thank God, too, because Dean was losing his damn mind.
But whether it was the alcohol in his system, or the welcomed dissociation brought on by his emotional state, he’d been saved the anxiety of hypervigilance. So, when the familiar prickle ran up his spine, Castiel’s first reaction was disappointment. He felt it first as he dropped his lighter back in his pocket. His proverbial security blanket relinquished its hold, and a stiff-backed Castiel let his brow furrow once again as he fixed his eyes forward. The feeling persisted, and Castiel downed his second shot.
“Hey, it’s a big step up from where I been staying.” Dean, not seeming to want to elaborate, changed track. “Musta cost a fortune. Who’s your roommate?”
Sorry this took so freakin' long to post, I've been busy moving into my new place. This must have been the most fun part to write as this fic was originally supposed to be mostly smut (but shocker --- I got all plotty.) So, I hope this extensive chapter of hot and a bit fluffy smut (along with the world's tiniest sprinkling of angst) is all your little destiel heart desires.
When Castiel had lowered his hand, Dean leaned over and laid a wet kiss on his lips. It was something special-- communicating fondness rather than lust, and the feeling of it stayed with him long after Dean had stopped. They laid together for a while, neither eager to leave the warmth of the covers, but eventually Dean muttered something about taking a piss and grunted as he rolled himself to the edge of the bed. Castiel watched appreciatively as Dean slid from under the covers, yawning and stretching and grunting, still completely nude. Obviously sore, he lumbered to the window, round, bare ass showing and light shining through his bowed legs.
“Yeah, already got it here.” Dean passed it into the shower, Cas’s wet fingers brushing against his own as he took the shampoo.
Thanks for reading! I will do my best to upload a chapter every week, so stay tuned. And if I take too long, feel free to yell at me. :)
that Castiel couldn’t help but feel that this could be a very vivid dream; the worries that had driven him to drink all but gone from his mind now, only scattered thoughts and pure sensation in their place. He knew he wasn’t going to last much longer, and he didn’t worry at all about seeming to lack stamina; for the fifteen minutes he’d spent without getting off had been torture enough.
Skinny prostitutes shrouded in cigarette smoke were gathered at street corners pacing in their high heels; drabby-clothed users and addicts filtered through backdoors; and the shouts and murmurs and general sounds of the street were raucous and sinister and lacked all the charm and intrigue of night life in other parts of the city. The humanity was rubbed so raw here -- the wall between society and omnipotent desperation worn so thin -- that it made Castiel want to avert his eyes.
To all my friends, to my brother, and to my lovely girlfriend -- I couldn't have done this without your encouragement and support.
Dean chuckled, finding the domestic-ness of all of this very amusing. He wasn’t sure why. Grunting, he rolled over, flopping onto Cas and successfully pinning him down with his weight; eliciting a rather indignant squawk from the angel who wriggled in protest.
With that he tipped back one of the shot glasses that had been set in front of him, and did his best to suppress the grimace the bitter liquid inspired.
It was just as good as last time; better, even, for he knew who it was that was making him feel this way. Castiel leaned into Dean as Dean swallowed him impossibly deep, taking the opportunity to grab Dean’s ass. Eagerly, Dean arched his back, and again Castiel’s fingers found his pink entrance, still slick with lube. He circled it, mind half melted by what Dean was doing to his cock. Even this sort of indulgence only gave Castiel fleeting relief, as though what had been building up within him was greater than this moment, greater than a hundred moments like this, as though he’d never be free of the feeling in his middle-- like a rubber band stretched too tight, ready to spring.
“Well-played, smartass,” Dean conceded. “Why don’t you magic us clean, and we can get a head-start home.”
Castiel’s lapse in confidence seemed to have triggered a resurgence in the other man, whose self-satisfied smirk blossomed again. His lips were very pink.
Dean frowned at Cas’s contorted body, bent in a way that couldn’t possibly be pleasant, even without the cut. He stopped, trying to think of a way that would be more comfortable for Cas. Dean knew the answer, but was just reluctant to suggest it.
Dean could feel his heart pounding in his chest. He looked down at the space between them, which had grown dangerously small, and his lungs failed to pull in enough oxygen as the air around them seemed to grow unbearably thin.
With a harumph Dean rolled off of Cas, making a lewd sticky sound as their sweaty bodies pulled apart. Dean’s abdomen was smeared with drying come, and it was growing itchy and uncomfortable. Cas lifted his hand, and then paused.
“No, I don’t know man, you just use my name more than the average guy does in an average conversation.” Dean replied,feeling increasingly uncomfortable.
More quietly he talked about how things were temporary, about how he hadn’t had these plans. How life had been strange and indiscriminate in its unkindness. Thoughtfully his finger traced the rim of the wine glass, and one instance he burst with delight when his motions caused the glass to sing with deep, bright reverberations. The lights hung in his eyes like stars, and they seemed more a reflection of his soul than they did the lamps lit around them.
Dean furrowed his brows, concerned. “And, it hurts? I mean, I didn’t know it could hurt you, you being an angel, and all.”
Usually, sharing a room regularly with another person meant extremely quick, totally quiet sessions that functioned more as routine run-throughs necessary for basic health than actual pleasure. Showers were really the only place one could actually spend time without drawing too much attention to oneself, and even then, living with your brother meant privacy wasn’t necessarily a priority. But, ever since Dean had gotten his own room, he’d had more time and freedom to explore himself than ever before - and, it had certainly spiced up his technique. Also, the television was on in the next room, and Cas was much less likely to barge in unannounced (now that he knew humans weren’t big fans of that,) so he could take his time.
He looked down at the hand on his shoulder, still not convinced that he wasn’t being flirted with. But his vague suspicions didn’t last, for his brain was once again pulling up instances where blindness would have made little sense.
a beer, and was answered with a shrug and a lecture about how you needed alcohol to counteract the effects of caffeine (much to Cas’s skepticism.) Dean handed Cas his burger, who then attacked the sandwich like he hadn’t eaten in years.
Castiel must have looked as taken-aback as he felt, for Missouri’s raised eyebrow turned into a sympathetic smile.
The tremendous leap in Castiel’s stomach was no contest to the rush of blood to his head. He stared blankly for a half of a second before lurching around to face the doorway, heart beating alarmingly quickly. Though he tried, Castiel could not dispute what he had just seen, because it was being replayed on a loop in his head like some bizarre, high definition clip of film footage.
Dean wasn’t sure if Cas had a grasp on first aid, so it might as well be a teaching moment. Also, leaves less room for conversation. Or silence. Dean wasn’t sure which would be worse. Cas had busied himself with the box, fumbling with the latch before finally managing to reveal a meticulously organized, state-of-the-art set of medical supplies, bandages, and creams. Sam had a little extra time and a little extra money, and apparently - buying a fancy box from the Red Cross and stocking it with bandaids and neosporin was his idea of a good time.
“Yeah, yeah, I know, not the best example,” said Dean, gesturing to himself. “But do as I say, not as I do. Eat something. I’ll bandage you up once we finish.”
Prompted by his approach, Dean stopped glaring at his shoes and looked quickly at Castiel, his expression surprised, soft, vulnerable. Young. Dean searched his face, as if looking for confirmation written there in the lines of his frown. Wordlessly, haltingly, Dean extended a hand towards Castiel, and Castiel stayed still, not wanting to test this hesitant new willingness. An inch away from the bills, Dean’s hand froze.
“Make room,” he said, and Dean obliged almost immediately, scrambling back on the queen mattress until his head was by the pillows.
Castiel glanced to the window, confused. The bar’s windows were grimy, but he could see through them just fine; and if Pamela were to turn her head thirty degrees to her right, she’d be looking directly through one.
Dean was wrecked. He stood there without moving his hand, still half-wrapped around his softening cock. Gradually he came back to his senses, and decided he should probably get back to washing himself. He soaped up a washcloth, mind still swimming with pleasure as he went about cleaning what was left of the muck off of his skin. Slowly, thinking back to what he had just done, Dean came to realize he’d been louder than he’d intended. Much louder. Good thing the water was running and the T.V. was on, and the walls were thicker than your average motel. He hoped.
“Well, hello,” said Dean, and his mouth was so close that Castiel could almost feel the vibrations of his voice.
He did it slowly, so slowly that Castiel suspected it was less to give himself time to adjust and more to wind Castiel up further. If that was Dean’s intent, he’d succeeded-- with Dean taking every inch of his length, simply sitting on his lap, Castiel felt his last vestiges of sense and reality leave him. Castiel was no longer in command, and for the first time in his life he was okay with that. Dean took each of his hands and placed them on his hips, and Castiel opened his eyes to see his own fingers leaving an indent in the flesh there. Above him Dean was smirking, and Castiel made no attempt to wipe away the expression that was prompting it; he just tightened his grip on Dean as Dean began to ride him, hips moving in drawn out sweeping motions, throwing his head back as he used Castiel to pleasure himself. Enthusiastically Dean sank himself down on Castiel’s cock, lifting his hips, almost dismounting him, and slamming himself back down again, all the while stroking his own erection. Castiel was melting into the mattress.
“I’m all good. Lord knows this ain’t my first rodeo,” said Dean with a shrug, but his smile faded at the look on Castiel’s face. “Forget I said that,” he whispered. “I’m askin’ for this, Cas. I want you. Want you inside of me. All you gotta do is let me.”
Castiel responded with a half shocked, half inquisitive stare, and once more, the man’s confidence faltered. He turned, presumably to hide the flush in his cheeks, and sauntered towards the bar. In a daze, Castiel watched his figure retreat, slim hips that swayed ever so slightly with his bowed legs. A flash of curiosity, of what those legs would look like straddling him, before he shook his head of the thought and felt a shiver of fear mingled with want trickle down his spine.
Dean peeled off his jacket and shirts, clenching his jaw as his sleeve brushed past the gash in his arm. He balled them up and set them next to Cas’s things. Dean stuck his hand under the faucet over the tub, happy to find there was still hot water left, and switched on the showerhead before going about working his way out of his jeans. Dean half wondered it he’d ever be able to get the smell out of any of his things as he slid off his much less dirty boxers, which he cast onto the pile of soiled clothing before stepping into the shower.
Dean spoke it in a low voice, and there was a purr in it that had not been there before. And whether he had gone mad, or was too drunk to think straight, or the boy in the leather jacket had put a spell over him, Castiel decided that he would follow where he led. He slid from the booth and straightened his clothes nervously. Dean beckoned him to follow, and deeper into the bar they went.
Dean’s look had gone from upset to anticipatory, and he watched as Castiel pulled open the drawer and grabbed a bottle of lube. Turning, Castiel saw Dean’s eyes go wide at the bottle in his hand, and then wider as they traveled down Castiel’s torso to the bulge in his underwear. Castiel smirked.
Castiel did not want to be waylaid, but he cooperated. And he was glad he did, for in a moment Dean had him standing by the edge of the bed, feeling the hot breath of the younger man through the fabric of his boxers. It was a fantastic view, Dean’s light hair and honey toned skin, hands grabbing his ass as Dean nuzzled the hardness in his boxers, stealing his breath away. He ran his own hands over Dean’s strong shoulders, fingertips suddenly biting into them hard enough to bruise as Dean slipped his boxers from his hips.
Castiel huffed and smiled, rolling onto his back once more. Dean was silhouetted against the morning bright window, and when Castiel closed his eyes that image was burnished beneath his eyelids. His head sank into the pillow as he heard Dean muttering complaints and padding across the room to grab his underwear. A distracted kiss on the forehead preceded Dean stumping off to the bathroom, and Castiel was completely still, soaking in the feeling of companionship. Of care.
Ten minutes later, the record had been pulled off the player and Castiel had wiped Dean clean. They lay together, lazily, in one another’s arms. Both were still naked, limbs tangled together comfortably and warmth shared beneath covers.
The stranger looked at him curiously, as though sizing him up. His mouth moved without sound for a moment, as though framing the words before he spoke them. Castiel found his eyes being pulled downwards to the movement.
about with whom they lay, so it can and does serve as a way in which souls connect to one another, even beyond the institute of holy matrimony.” Cas clasped his hands, and his voice grew more thoughtful. “Although, I have never factored grace into the equation. Whether any of the soul I possessed as a human still remains, I can’t be sure; but you know well as I that souls are one of the most powerful and valued commodities in the Universe, carrying immense potential, and existing independently of another guiding force. Grace, on the other hand, is a separate entity --- while a soul creates energy, grace conducts and retains it --- so its level of function depends on how much energy is allocated to it by heaven. The more I separate from heaven, the less power I receive and the more quickly it depletes. Therefore, it is uncertain how it would be affected by sex.”
“And I’m not stopping you,” said Missouri, now with a slight frown. “I’ve had my word. Do with it what you’d like.”
“C’mon,”Dean said playfully, his hand wandering from Castiel’s hand to his leg, up his chest, stroking his jaw and coming to rest at his chin. Chills rippled over Castiel’s skin, and his breath gave an involuntary shudder, but his resolve was strong.
This, right here, was a big no-no and Dean knew it. He never had and never would actually feel this way about another man, because it was all in his head, or a moment of weakness, or the beer and the blood loss, or something like that. Dean just didn’t have the equipment to experience the things he was experiencing, and so therefore there must be another explanation ---  and in the meantime, all he needed to do was let go of Cas, toss him his shirt, and turn in for the night.
Castiel was thankful for his considerable self control, for without it he might have came right then and there.’
Cas pursed his lips. “Well, I’m afraid I’m more vulnerable than I used to be. But, I’ll manage. A night’s rest and I should be able to heal myself. And you, too.” He said, nodding towards Dean’s arm.
He liked being the stronger, dominant lover because that was what a guy like him should like. He shouldn’t be fantasizing about being pushed around. About being held down and losing control, pressed against the wall, letting someone take the wheel and give him the ride of his life. Especially when that partner is another man.
He reviewed the brief time they had spent together, trying to understand how it hadn’t seemed to affect how she -- well, how she… functioned. The bartender’s joke came to mind.
A devilish grin grew across Dean’s face. “ Hmm…” he mused, stroking his chin facetiously. “Y’know, we should probably test that theory. A few times. And change up the variables --- different positions, extra foreplay, maybe some
“If you’d just explain yourself,” Castiel blurted out, digging his fists deeper into his pockets, “maybe I’d--”
He’d been interrupted by Castiel sucking one of his balls into his mouth. Castiel resurfaced with a wet pop, looking up to find Dean in a half indignant daze. He chuckled indulgently, and the retort about to leave Dean’s lips was stifled as Castiel rose to his feet. Not taking his eyes off of Dean, he undid the button on his own pants and unzipped his fly. He dropped his pants and stepped from them, a wave of relief washing over him as he was freed from their constraints. He was rock hard in his boxers.
“You can’t stop calling to me and right now you’re screaming for me… what could this man be confessing that has your mind so full of carnage?” His tone was so soft that Castiel could barely hear him so he knew the man on the other side of the wall couldn’t hear him. Dean fell silent so he could listen to what the man was saying.
“I’m gonna suck your dick.” Cas answered bluntly. Before Dean could protest, Castiel was off of him and working him out of his denim along with his boxers, dick at full mast. Castiel sat in awe for a moment then quickly dropped his head to take Dean into his mouth.
Cas stopped breathing for a moment as those green eyes intensely locked with his. He flashed the mechanic a flirty smile and turned to work on his order.
“What about lube?” Dean asked him breathlessly. “Use your spit.” Castiel said with a dark and sexual look on his face.
“Crowley, an extra three inches doesn’t mean shit when you don’t know how to use it.” Dean shot at him as he quickly advanced to his feet. Anger washed over Crowley’s face.
Castiel's mouth dropped open as he watched the way Dean's lips moved up and down his finger. He slowly pulled his hand away from Dean and inched closer to him. Neither spoke, all they could hear was the other's breathing. Cas glanced down at Dean's lips then back up to his eyes and cupped Dean's face in his hand, bringing their mouths together in a hard kiss.
“If you think this is over, Winchester you’re sadly mistaken. I will make sure I’m there to watch you burn. You and your little bitch. Oh and Castiel is it? You may think you’ve won the lottery in some way but believe me when I say you probably picked the worst of the litter from Hell. Once he’s done with you he will chew you up and spit you back out.” He paused and glared at Dean. “Speaking from experience.” With a blink of an eye the King of Hell was gone.
“I just gave up my entire lifestyle for you I think it’s safe to say I’m not going anywhere… But it seems you and Crowley have a past and that you may be a little more dangerous than I anticipated just by what he said.” Castiel unconsciously ran his hand down Dean’s chest.
"Uh, maybe some other time." Dean smiled, turning to leave when he again felt the other man's hand on his arm.
Monday was the start of Castiel’s second week at a new school and Gabriel was the only person he really became friends with. It wasn’t so much as they became friends and more of Gabriel was an extrovert that decided to adopt Castiel, the introvert as his new friend. He always talked shit about the jocks at school venting to Castiel how all the girls wanted them and he was jealous and didn’t understand what made them so much better. Castiel would just smile and listen to Gabriel’s antics until quickly he too became a target for their bullshit. He was studying in the library after school and realized he had left a notebook in the art room. The art room was dark but he quickly went in and retrieved his notebook. He turned and there stood Gordon, one of the members of the team.
“Castiel.” “Hmmm… Cas…” Dean turned the name over in his mind, loving the way it sounded. Before Castiel could register what was happening, Dean was closing in on his personal space. Castiel looked up in response.
“Dean.” Castiel yelled out then yanked Dean back and went for his neck yet again, sucking and scraping his teeth across the skin that caused a pleading sound to escape Dean. He pulled back to admire Dean, his blood smeared all across his face. He can only imagine how he himself must look right now. Dean’s eyes scanned Castiel’s bloody lips and grabbed the back of his neck to pull him into a violent kiss, exchanging each other’s blood and saliva. He bit Castiel’s lip hard enough to draw blood but neither seemed to care, Castiel just continued to claw at Dean’s back because he seemed to enjoy the damage it was doing and Castiel seemed to enjoy Dean’s harsh biting.
“Get out of this church, Castiel. You’re through. Get your things now, I don’t ever want to see your face again.” Metatron’s voice was shaking, full of rage and disgust. A grin formed against the edge of Castiel’s mouth and he shook his head in agreement as he aggressively ripped his clergy collar from his neck and held it out slowly, dropping it to the ground without breaking eye contact with Metatron. “Fuck you, Metatron, I have never liked you and I’ve always wanted you to know that. So I’m out, and wish I could say it was nice knowing you. Come on, Dean.”
“I said tell me I’m a pussy.” He gritted his red teeth and softly grabbed Dean’s neck and began running his hand down Dean’s chest about to wrap his hand around the pleading phallus before him. However, just as he got to the navel, Dean slammed him up against the wall. Castiel was expecting another hit but was delighted when his lips were met harshly with Dean’s. It wasn’t an intimate kiss, this kiss was fueled by hate. It wasn’t soft, it was hard and violent. Teeth scraping against each other, teeth catching each other’s lips as they pressed into the kiss as hard as they possibly could. Castiel could cum right then from the pain he was experiencing from the kiss due to the multiple hits he took from Dean. Poor Dean had no idea he was dealing with a masochist. That was what Castiel’s problem was. That was why no matter what Dean did he couldn’t intimidate him; it only made Castiel want him to try harder. Dean broke the kiss and grabbed Castiel by the neck, glaring straight into his eyes.
This Sunday’s service went routine just like any other. Father Castiel spoke of how God is good, he loves his creations and everyone should honor them. Once service ended and stragglers were beginning to leave he went to the confessional booth. He noticed the green eyed beauty in the second row today during his sermon, staring at him with intent, which made it even more intriguing because he knew for a fact he had never seen this man before. Regardless, he could tell that there was something in this man’s eyes that held a secret. It didn’t matter unless the man brought it to the confessional booth though and even then it couldn’t matter on a personal level, for he was devoted to God and was here to do his work. Was Castiel gay? The quick answer was that he didn’t want to be. So instead of succumbing to sins of the flesh he decided to dedicate himself to the lord to show he was worthy to walk along side of God in the Kingdom of Heaven. Everything had been going as planned too, until he lay his eyes upon those gems of pure emerald beauty. It wasn’t a few minutes that he had made his way into his confessional booth that he heard the door to the opposing open and quickly shut, with the rustling sound of someone sitting down in the chair. Before Castiel could even form words, the body on the other side of the window began to speak. “
Cas eagerly unbuckled Dean's belt and yanked his jeans down to his knees and Dean kicked them the rest of the way off. Analyzing the bulge in Dean's boxers, Cas smiled. He began to mouth over Dean's erection, recreating the same intense sensation that was experienced just the other night.
“Oh-mmm.” Castiel cried out with silent restraint. They may have this end of the corridor to themselves but he wasn’t going to risk being heard. Their eyes met with his dick in Dean’s hand then he quickly darted his eyes in another direction. “No.” Dean demanded, grabbing his chin with his free hand. “I want you to watch me.” He licked his lips as those blue eyes locked again with his. Hovering over Cas he allowed a string of saliva to drop slowly from his mouth, perfectly onto the head as he slowly stroked. This lubed up Castiel’s dick making it that more pleasurable. Cas whined under him as he could also hear the slick sounds of the spit moving up and down his dick.
"I shouldn't have come here. I'm not gay and I have led you to believe I am." Dean stared at the floor in shame.
He began stroking himself thinking of Dean touching him, how it would feel to have their bodies pressed against one another.
"Oh, Cas." Dean groaned, running his hands through the messy mop on Castiel's head. This brought Castiel's face up to Dean's, their eyes locking and they both were panting for air and mouthing at each other's lips. It was as if they were to stop looking at each other long enough to engage in a deep kiss they would lose the sight of each other forever, so they continued teasing their lips and Castiel thrust hard into Dean. Moaning in unison, Castiel rolled his hips harshly into Dean watching every facial expression and every muscle tense up against him.
With surprising strength, Cas managed to flip Dean off of him and put the upper half of his body on to Dean's chest. They continued kissing for several moments until Cas broke and lustfully stared into Dean's eyes.
“Why are you doing this to me?” Castiel whined as he tried to push all carnal thoughts from his mind. Dean’s silence was full of contemplation, Cas could tell he was trying to form the right words.
“You know, Father… no answer is an answer and I just want you to know that every time I think of you I can’t get my cock to go down without jerking it.”
“I’m not worried about Crowley. What I am worried about however, is if you’re going to change your mind on me eventually and leave. Then I’ll have a bounty on my head without your pretty ass.” Castiel couldn’t help but grin like a dork.
"This does sound like the kind of excitement you've been looking for." Charlie smirked as they glanced over at Dean who was shoveling food in his mouth.
“Probably eventually, he’s gotta go lick his wounds for a while, no one can be better than Crowley, he thinks it’s etched in stone somewhere. Let’s get out of here.” Dean grabbed Castiel’s free hand and they were suddenly in the fanciest hotel suite Castiel could’ve ever imagined. Dean closed the space between them and looked deep into Castiel’s eyes.
It had been weeks since the sexual encounter Castiel had experienced with Dean. Castiel felt shame, disgust and confusion. How could he allow this to happen? How could he have allowed himself to not only fall for someone but fall for a demon? He tried to get the thought of Dean out of his brain for weeks but it didn’t seem to work. As he sat in the confessional booth trying to focus on the person on the other side confessing their sins, his mind kept flashing back to that night. Dean’s hands running up and down his body, the way Dean fucked into him just right. Suddenly he was snapped back to reality.
*******************************************************************************************************
“You son of a bitch, do you really think you can take me on? I’m bloody Crowley!” He screamed as he advanced on Dean again but Castiel swiftly knocked him over the head with a chair.
"Look Dean, I feel I overstepped my bounds the other night and for that I just want to apologize. I was tipsy and it was just in the moment and if you just want to be friends that's fine with me." Castiel frowned. Why was this so hard?
“I’ve gotta say, Father this isn’t exactly where I thought this conversation was going to go…” The man sounded puzzled as he turned the words over in his mind.
It only took a few minutes for the food to come out and once Dean was set, Charlie made her way back over to the window where Cas was standing.
“This…” Dean breathed out, “This is what I fucking need forever, I need to feel you and devour each other until there’s nothing left. This is our rock bottom and it’s all I’ve ever fucking wanted.” Dean’s tone was pleading and pathetic but he didn’t care. He had what he’d always wanted. He had found sanctuary in Castiel. He may have ruined Castiel’s life but Castiel seemed to be begging to be set free from his own restraints set upon himself.
“No.” He said firmed as he stood. He was about to remove himself from the situation until temptation took over. With his hand on the door knob he slowly turned his head to face Dean’s direction.
“Okay what is this??” Castiel demanded as he palmed at his throbbing erection over his robe, squeezing his eyes shut.
“I’m sorry, Gabriel, I am in no position to tell you how to live your life because I betrayed my vows weeks ago and I’ve been fallen. If you want to fuck that girl, who am I to tell you it’s wrong? I just fucked this dude DURING your confession. I’m nothing. I’m shit. If you want someone to talk you out of it or shame you, I’m not your guy.” Castiel was shedding everything that had ever been put into his mind by someone else. All the stories of God he had been told, how the world works. He knew it was all bullshit and he was done living for everyone else. Dean is what he wanted and once he had a taste he knew nothing would ever be the same. Gabriel stood there unsure what to say or if he should just walk away. He knew that Castiel was always someone who stayed in line and followed the rules which was why he was never surprised to find that he became a priest in the first place. This however was a huge surprise. They all three stood there for a long while in silence and Castiel was having trouble getting a read on what Gabriel was feeling.
Dean allowed himself to collapse against the door as Cas continued to ravage his body. He shouldn't want this, but he does and it's screaming in his head.
“I’m half human. I know how things work here which is why it was so easy to get close to Cas. As a Knight of Hell I was to corrupt him for the sake of evil, but honestly I say fuck my boss too. I’ve corrupted him for myself. I want him to be all mine, God can’t have him and the King of Hell can’t have him, he’s fucking mine.” Dean advanced on the pope and laid his hand upon the man’s shoulder and leaned into his ear.
Castiel dropped down to his knees and looked up at Dean with a sinister smile as he unbuttoned the constricting jeans, exposing Dean's boxers. He began mouthing over the fabric of Dean's boxers at the large bulge. Dean let out a sharp gasp and his hips jerked up against Castiel's full lips.
Once they laid down next to each other completely naked and completely vulnerable they were unable to take their eyes off one another for even a second as if doing so they'd never remember how beautiful the other was.
“Come on, Dean, this is weird.” Cas laughed nervously as he couldn’t help notice Dean staring at the screen with intent.
"Cas, pull your lip up, you're drooling." Charlie teased, but before he could say anything back, Dean had entered the lobby.
“Don’t fight it, Father… We weren’t meant to live our lives like… this. You’re too fucking hot not to be touched… too hot not get what you fucking want. You know you want me, and you know I want you. Imagine the sounds you could bring out of me, the things you could compel me to do because you’re so sexy that all I’d want to do is please you.” Castiel realized he wasn’t breathing anymore and his eyes were glued to the gorgeous shadow before him.
“Please.” Castiel cried out as Dean’s finger left his hole abruptly. There Dean was between his thighs, completely naked lubing his dick up as his eyes stayed locked with Castiel’s. Yep. Lust is definitely the sin that’s sending Father Castiel to Hell in a handbasket.
"I'm not sure if he is, he said he wants some 'friends' but that doesn't mean shit." Cas kept glancing out the window to see if Dean had arrived, and he noticed headlights turning into his driveway.
The flashes of Dean would not stop which caused his member to grow hard. There was only one thing left to do to get the release he was looking for.
"Uh yeah, coffee would be great." Dean answered as he stared at the front door with images of Castiel's mouth all over him flashed in his mind and causing his dick to twitch when he remembered the hot breath mouthing over his boxers. Once he snapped out of it he followed the other man into the kitchen.
“That’s the thing… I want to act on them and don’t seem to care about the consequences. While I was listening to your sermon today I realized just how badly I want to fuck you.” Castiel’s body went stiff as the words kissed his ears. Silence fell upon the two men and if he could see Dean right now he’d see the cocky smirk on his face, raising his eyebrows suggestively as he waited for a response. Once Castiel snapped back to reality he was speechless.
“Dean,” Castiel whimpered. “Are you sure this is what you want?” he asked as he accompanied the hand Dean was using to rub his cock, guiding him with more pressure.
“Oh…ffff.” Castiel bit back the words as Dean’s hole constricted on him. His hips bucked up off the chair and deeper into Dean.
One Saturday evening they were having a few beers and they were feeling fairly buzzed which wasn’t much different from any other Saturday night. Once the laughter died down from something, probably not even that funny Dean said, and he narrowed his eyes at Castiel.
"No need to be. I'll guide you through it." Cas kissed Dean's jawline. "You'll have to prep me first."
Dean sat at the table watching Cas as he started the coffee maker. Without saying anything Cas came and sat across from him and they stared at each other in silence.
