“I’ll admit, I didn’t think that far ahead.”
“I know Ms Potts promised severe legal action against you if any of you are caught on the premises without permission. But that is
Frigga smiles again. “Of course, Tony. Thor has brought forth the request –”
“You’re supposed to make my life easier, JARVIS. Is Thor back on planet?”
Tony scrubs a hand over his face, exhales sharply; at Steve's small smile, he nods, steeling his resolve, and leans in toward Loki. A loud, frustrated groan breaks them apart before their lips can meet.
“I shall make a note of it, Agent Coulson.”
“You can never go wrong with a bottle of wine or dessert.”
“Yeah? What’d she say?”
“Neither can I. We'll all figure something out, Steve, don't worry.” He hesitates. “I better get back. Skye should be done with the makeup by now, but, uh, make sure you check your mail today.”
“Tony, I've known who you are my entire life. I may not have known your last name or what your company did, but I've known
, Steve has manners.” It’s a true testament to how amazing Pepper is that she can bend down enough to kiss Loki’s cheek without so much a flicker of uncertainty or revulsion. “It’s great to see you again, Steve. We’ll have to schedule a lunch soon. For now, I want to introduce you to someone. Gentlemen, this is Miss Stephanie Crawford. Stephanie, these wonderful men are Tony Stark and Captain Steve Rogers.”
“Yeah, Steve's the
The only sign Natasha gives that he heard Steve’s statement - announcement, really - is a slow blink, her dark lashes lowering and staying low for a moment. When her eyes open once more, her expression is blank, the carefully crafted mask she wears when she doesn’t want her thoughts to be found out. Though he knows Clint can’t hear them, Steve glances over at the archer, double-checks that the purple hearing aids are still on the coffee-table. Natasha inhales deeply before placing a gentle hand on Steve’s knee.
“Uh, hello?”
Peter takes charge once the back door of the car is open. He sets the booster on the seat, shoving it to the middle, and climbs in. Steve doesn’t even have to help him buckle up. The child keeps up a steady stream of chatter as Steve drives toward the apartment, more cautiously than he’s ever driven in his entire life. Peter waits until Steve has opened the back door before moving to unbuckle the belt and stays close to Steve’s side as they walk into the building and up the stairs. Once inside, the child drops his backpack by the door, bends down to undo the velcro straps on his light-up shoes, and leaves them by his bag before crossing the living room to sit at the coffee table. Steve hands him the same sketchpad and coloured pencils from Friday night, stepping back as Peter immediately opens the book to a new page and starts drawing.
“I…” Tony avoids Steve's gaze, staring intently at the still from
“No.”
And Steve knows they're only teenagers, but this is more real than any other friendship he's ever had, and he desperately wants more. He wants to be there with Tony, outside of shared dreams, he wants more than what they have right now. Ma’s always called him a dreamer, always says he falls headlong into any plan he sets his mind to, and damn the consequences. He hasn't had experience in life, not the kind kids on TV do: He's never drank, smoked, hasn't even had a first kiss yet. But he knows, with everything in him, that no matter who comes into his life while he's awake, they'll never hold a candle to Tony.
“Agent Romanov is requesting entrance, Sir. She says that she has something for Captain Rogers.”
Steve stops halfway through reaching for a mug. “Oh.”
There’s little fanfare when JARVIS announces the arrival or Thor in the conference room and requests that Steve makes his way there. It sounds so normal that he thinks nothing of it. It’s a common enough occurrence that he has absolutely no expectations of what he’s about to walk into. But even with the bar set to absolute zero, there’s no way he’d ever have anticipated the scene that greets him when he steps through the door:
“Sure, I guess.”
“I upgraded JARVIS’s code and was running through security feeds to make sure there weren’t any bugs or glitches, and Steve was talking to Natasha in the kitchen. But it seemed like this was an old conversation, but it’s news to me!” He drops his head to the table. “Pep? Can you say something?”
apartment ー that’s bigger than any other one he’s ever lived in before. It’s decorated nicely, he has to admit, in neutral, non-offending shades of eggshell whites, and earthy browns, and reds. Steve stands in the living room and turns around slowly to take it all in. He is still so confused by Tony’s generosity. Why would someone who detests him so much do something so nice, be so giving? Steve’s eye catches on the radio that sits in the corner, an old thing that was most likely bought from an estate sale and wouldn’t have looked out of place in a wealthy man’s parlour in the 1940s. He steps closer to admire it but hesitates when he sees a folded sheet of paper lying on top.
“I will. I’ll let you know when I’m on my way.”
The menu options are straightforward, and everything sounds delicious. Steve orders a cup of coffee and the breakfast platter. His jaw drops when Peter asks for a stack of pancakes, hash-browns, sausage links, and coffee. Steve's not exactly the type to question a person's parenting techniques, but giving a four-year-old coffee sounds like a terrible idea. He catches Tony's gaze, calculating and challenging, and closes his mouth. The last thing he wants to do is offend the other man. Tony orders coffee as well, along with a spinach and egg white omelette. The waitress flashes them all a smile before bouncing away. She comes back moments later with three mugs; two are full of coffee, but the third has -
“Call Pepper.”
Dazedly, Tony waves a hand, and the screen disappears. He manages to sit unsteadily on his workbench, mind racing. Steve wants
She sounded light but her gaze was sharp on Stark, who, as Steve only now realized, had gone suspiciously still if only for a moment. When he stood up, his bright grin still seemed genuine but it didn’t reach his eyes and Steve tensed.
“And no talking at this time, alright?”
When he got back, Steve’s eyes were closed, his face scrunched up in an exquisite expression of misery and pleasure, and his hips were grinding down into the mattress as if seeking for any additional friction he could get.
"Obadiah Stane is paying me to bring you home, so that's what my team and I are doing."
“We’ll load your bike on it for the ride back, don’t worry,” Nat continued, “it’s a bit too clunky to ride comfortably for me.”
Anyway. A few days ago, Clint and Hulk were discussing which of the avengers could sneak quietly enough to get past the be-bilgesnipe and Clint said that Natasha could and he could, so Hulk said ‘no way’, and Steve
Rogers." He shook his head as if to clear it, and repeated in a faux disgusted voice, "A
“You’re a good boy, you'll learn fast,” he said reassuringly.
Steve nodded and Tony unbuckled his gag from behind his ear. Before easing it out though, he put his palm on Steve’s lower face to keep it in for a moment longer.
Tony’s nostrils flared.
“Most likely sometime tomorrow afternoon.”
“Not your fault,” the O said, turning in an uncannily clever maneuver that put him directly next to the tool cupboard. “You’d fool any other mechanic out there. Told you, I’m the best.”
“Besides,” Tony murmured in a hushed tone. “I’ll be able to keep you caged for a bit longer now.”
“Live happily ever after,” Steve said, and promptly felt his cheeks burning up.
“Then what am I supposed to
Steve cleared his throat. It was abundantly clear now that whatever he thought he’d smelt last night had been relatively weak because of the scent dampeners that were still lingering in the O’s system.
Tony cupped Steve's face and caressed his cheek with his thumb. Steve was frowning, but other than that he looked calm. "Second, as you can already see - no clothes. I've removed them because covering up is a privilege but also not something that beautiful boys like you need. You shouldn't deprive other people of the pleasure of looking at you, especially me, okay?”
Muscles straining, Tony nudged his van’s backdoor open and heaved the blond (he could clearly see the colour of his captive’s light soft hair now) into the back of the van. Jumping in after him, Tony closed the door, put on the light, and ginned.
Tony petted his nipples, watched Steve squirm and hummed.
Tony grinned disarmingly, no doubt, to give him an example of how charming he is, but Steve scowled. He realized that maybe Tony was right, the risk was minimal, and yet, the stupid idea of a simpler solution was like poison making his skin itch. Simpler, but also self-serving in the extreme. He couldn’t… It would be idiotic to even voice it. There was no way Tony would ever agree. He watched Tony pour out coffee and tried not to breathe too deeply.
"Steve?"
Tony nodded. “I’ll also have to find something to tie you up with before I go.”
Steve still wasn’t sure if he could trust the man — then again, he’d never know if he didn’t give him a chance. The omega hefted the backpack onto his shoulder and cocked his eyebrow as if asking what now.
Tony chuckled.
“No. We’re outside.” He took a deep breath.
” He dropped to his knees, cupped Steve’s face with his hands, and put their foreheads together. “You’re so beautiful,” he said hoarsely, “so very beautiful. A
“What? Steve! Bed!”
“How’s that feel then?”
"Yes!" Steve said, which got him a ‘lovable shithead’. Steve pinched his plump ass in retaliation and swallowed the protests with his lips.
They stared at each other, Steve’s face hard as if carved of stone, his teeth grinding around his blue gag, his fingers holding onto the chain links of his cuffs for dear life.
“No, listen, I’m not joking here.” Steve’s teeth were clenched in annoyance. “I’ve got an army buddy who can marry any vet at any time and place. You’re of age, so no guardian consent needed. I can give him a call now and he'll have filed our documents before sunrise! No, I’m serious, stop laughing, Tony, listen! You’re unlike anyone I’ve ever met and I—”
“We’ll be moving through crowds,” Payne explained unapologetically.
Okay, so maybe it was time for something more… dangerous.
Steve’s nostrils flared at trying to keep his smile in. “Ignore him,” he said seriously, “Shall we…?”
“Are you sure?” Tony pressed.
"I overheard him," Tony said woodenly.
“Fine. I’m moving.”
Probably the only reason people didn’t recognize him on the spot was that the Stark heir going missing was a closely-guarded secret. That, and the fact that he smelt nothing like an O at the moment.
“No,” Steve protested, his eyes snapping open. “I don’t need—”
“Yeah.” Steve grimaced. “Sorry.”
Fuck, he was heavy!
"No, Steve… wait..." Tony said, put his hands around Steve's neck and lifted his legs around his waist—
“Fuck,” he whispered, overcome with emotion. “This is... This is…
Tony’s head snapped up to stare at him. “You mean..? The Stark Industries servers?” His eyes came alive with hope and Steve’s breath hitched. “Stark Tower, hidden floor. 54th.”
Steve turned to Nat and smiled at her in a way that he hoped was flirtatious. “Seems like I might need to stick around. You gonna keep me company?”
Slowly, very deliberately, Steve pulled in a lungful of air. “That…” he started, held the air in his lungs, then let it out with an almost noisy asthmatic whoosh, “...might be a problem.”
“Yeah, very reassuring,” Stark replied, out of breath. “Let me up!”
“Do you have any idea when that might be?” Steve asked, looking at the man’s nape.
Steve stepped further in. At the back of the room there was a car with its hood up. Most of the car was behind something large, hidden under a piece of dark tarp.
Stark’s face lit up. “You know the naked marine? America’s Ass? I’m only his namesake, unfortunately. Although, admittedly, my ass is pretty spectacular too.” Stark grinned winningly again. “So, what do I call you?”
Heart beating excitedly in his ribcage, Steve climbed up the stairs, unlocked the door, and… had to force himself not to stagger back. The room was filled with a sweet, sweet scent that Steve could only assume was the ambrosia— um... pheromones of an unbonded omega. Having been lounging on a bed, Tony looked at him in surprise.
“Aww, my poor little boy,” Tony said soothingly now that his own need was satisfied. He caressed Steve’s chest eliciting goosebumps rising on his skin.
Feeling sheepish, Steve bit into his inner cheek. “I can protect you!”
“Shall we start with a riding crop? Because your position is a little uncomfortable for me to use a hand.”
“God, look at you…”
“Well, it’s nothing we have to worry about anyway,” Tony said drily, “Obie will undoubtedly have a car with dark windows to limit the exposure as much as he can.”
Steve’s eyes were large, aroused and alarmed as they stared at him and Tony couldn’t keep from smiling.
“Sleep,” Tony repeated, and nestling his own cock between Steve’s ass cheeks, settled into a more comfortable position.
“Okay. Ready? I am.”
" He looked up at the dark sky.
“Look, Tony,” he said once they had sat down. “I know you don’t want to go home—”
Tony grinned and kissed him on the nose. Steve turned away and Tony chuckled.
“Fifty bucks says I’ll find the problem in under two minutes.” Stark grinned. “And my name’s Steve, not kid. Steve Rogers.”
The arrogance was stupidly charming and that in itself was annoying. He swallowed his huff.
“And your cover?” Steve changed the topic, and on the pretext of checking his phone, he pulled his hand out from under hers.
Shifting on his back, Steve looked desperately confused, but Tony thought it was more out of uncertainty and surprisingly strong arousal than anything else. He was flexing his hands into fists, moving his legs sensually back and forth on the linen sheets as if his skin was sensitized but it was a novel experience or as if he wasn’t sure if he liked being aroused. He looked deliciously flushed with his nipples perked up.
Closing his eyes, Tony pressed his lips to the center of Steve’s gag, then a corner of his mouth, on the chin.
“So are our butts,” Payne muttered under his breaths, and involuntarily, Steve snorted.
“Okay, yeah, sorry,” Steve backtracked. “What I meant to say was: can’t you get more?”
He went to the other room to quickly get his jacket and shoes off, grabbed two water bottles, and took a moment to stand in front of the mirror.
Steve’s breathing was again getting shorter but Tony could tell that he was trying to calm himself.
He had to wait.
“It's not about the money," Steve pressed through his teeth. He wasn't even lying, not anymore. Once Steve had a contract, he was loyal, he prided himself on it. He couldn't be bought, not for any price. "I can't go back on my contract," Steve explained. "Besides, how would you even get your money? Doesn't it go through your guardian?"
Startled into a quiet laugh, Tony stepped closer but didn't let go of Steve's hand.
“Fuck you,” Stark bit out.
“Too powerful you mean.”
I know, it seems like I let people in your apartments to just frolic around to get your poor pet all worked up for no good reason, but the truth is: it was Steve.
He got out the back, locked the door and got behind the wheel. The drive to his secret hideaway in the woods wasn't long from here but Tony's nerves were making it feel longer. Three times Tony had to talk himself out of checking on his captive.
“I’m not removing the cage any time soon and the plug… I haven’t decided about it yet. But I know that you can handle it. The physical strain I’ve put you under today is nothing compared to the bicycle you’re going to ride tomorrow. I’ve got so many tests and experiments I want to try,” he added dreamily. “Boy, are you gonna love it. I know I will.”
Steve thumbed his phone open. “I have the package. Bring the car.”
Cuddling closer, he put his head between Steve's shoulder blades and sighed.
"Let me worry about how to get it." Stark turned to look straight ahead. "Two million."
I decide to procreate.” He raised his eyebrow, clearly expecting an argument.
Not expecting an answer, Tony bent over and pulled a spreader bar out from under the bed. Quickly, he fixed it between Steve’s ankles, undid the leg cuffs from the bedposts, and pulled the bar up via the pulley system above the bed. Steve shifted on his back again and whimpered.
Tony would have to recite good reasons, but it was his right as an omega to file for a divorce after five years.
“Look,” Nat said in her most reassuring tone, “We’re not here because of you, okay? We are on a job but I’ve no idea who you are.”
But later.
“You look breathtaking,” Tony murmured, and pressed a gentle kiss on the boy’s calf.
“Ooh! A specimen!” Stark’s face lit up.
in a hurry or do you have something else in mind?”
“Do you know what's wrong with her?” Stark asked, bringing Steve back to the present.
Tony’s eyebrow rose. “That’s what got your interest? The way I wield phallic-shaped tools?”
The ride lasted for over an hour, and when they finally pulled up before a medium-sized suburban home, Steve felt mildly surprised. Didn’t Obadiah Stane own something grander? Another thing that surprised him was that once Tony was safely locked into a third-floor bedroom, both men left and Steve was, once again, alone with Tony.
“If you keep so tense, it will only hurt more,” Tony cautioned. “You have to relax, feel the impact, absorb it.” He glanced at Steve’s stressed face and gave him a half-smile. “Don’t worry. You’ll learn.”
Steve cleared his throat. “Stevens. Roger Stevens.” He could just feel Nat cackling at him on the inside.
Despite the glib self-promotion, the guy looked distinctly trapped. Steve took a step closer and lightning-quick, Stark grabbed a heavy screwdriver, glaring defiantly at them. His feet were placed apart, every muscle tense, ready to strike.
“He’s only gonna emerge if you botch it up.”
He cleaned his boy up, then checked all the fastenings and cuffs, and just in case, all the skin under them. It was a little red in places but nothing that wouldn't be healed by the morning. Steve had pulled on his bonds but all the cuffs were flexible enough not to chafe.
Except freedom.
A mix of gratefulness, desire, and defiance was looking back at Tony.
The pause stretched out.
Tony’s pace was fast now, turning erratic. Steve was panting in tandem with him, his body in place and compliant through the sheer force of will, sweat above his eyebrows.
Tony sincerely doubted that Steve would actually like to be caned, but for now, Tony was gratified to see that his boy’s pupils dilated, his breath short.
know what's wrong?” he replied, not without humor in his voice. “What's wrong is that my bike has died and cannot start.”
After they landed at Reagan Airport, everything happened very swiftly. A detainee transport dictated that they were immediately led to a separate room with Stane’s people already present.
Tony's eyes were still bright with arousal, but Steve had to stand firm. God, he had to.
Tony smiled gently.
"I don't know yet," Steve responded absently. His thoughts were running a mile a minute. Variables, questions, strategies, plans, and options.
Tony wrinkled his eyebrow impatiently waiting for an explanation. They stared at each other.
“Tony,” he started, before shaking his head and mentally rolling his eyes at himself. “We’re alone until tomorrow,” he explained in what he hoped was a neutral tone.
They ordered in, made coffee, and plugged their phones in for charging.
“Okay, time for the next step, what do you think?”
"Do you have any proof about Stane?" Steve asked after a bit.
“So basically, it’s going to be like this now: you, Steve, are mine, okay?” Ignoring Steve’s shaking and weak, muffled protests, Tony went on, “It’s about trust, yes? It has to be earned, on both sides, I realize that, but first, I’ll need to train you. This part can sometimes be difficult, but we'll manage, yeah?"
Tony put his palm on Steve’s forearm and Steve’s arm jolted. Hastily, Tony removed his hand.
"He lied to me,” he concluded out loud. Heat suppressants and scent blockers. Of course.
“What’s happening?” he asked, sitting up. “Why are you looking at me like that?”
He shrugged.
His eyes bright with hope, Tony nodded. “Let’s hear them.”
“Something wrong?” Nat asked lightly.
“I’m sure.” She smiled flirtatiously at him and he tried to match it.
Tony caressed his thigh, stepped closer and embraced his leg with one hand.
The omega sighed. Turned his back to Steve and rubbed his face. "God, you make thinking a chore
“No,” Tony said emphatically. “You can bet your ass Obie knew what they were."
They both knew that it wasn’t really a question though, so Tony proceeded without waiting for Steve’s input. He removed the spreader bar from between Steve’s legs and tied his ankles together.
“Clint?”
"Good, good," Tony patted his shoulder. “Gotta drive now, but I’ll be back soon, okay?”
I’m glad that you are coming back to take care of your pet yourself, and so soon. The sooner the better! Only sad that I have to be in Hong Kong like, yesterday, but see you in a week or so, yeah? And go easy on Steve, he didn’t mean for it to turn out quite like this, I’m sure!
Okay, so Clint was going to take his tranq rifle and climb the water tower where he could see both roads out of the town, and Nat and he were going to try and catch him before he actually made it onto the road. Hopefully he wouldn’t try going through the forest.
“God, you’re gorgeous,” Steve blurted.
“It’s okay.” Steve tried using his most calming voice. “I wasn’t lying about not wanting to hurt you.”
“Alright, June... Beautiful?” He waggled his eyebrows at Natasha. “Alright, June Beautiful, future June Stevens, let’s check your boyfriend’s ride out.” He leered at Steve and went to crouch next to the bike.
"What? Why?" Tony demanded, taken aback.
In short, you’ll just have to give this old man a break, I was fooled.
Swallowing his grin, Steve turned to Kwazoffsky.
he knew he was right. “God, Tony. I really, really think we’ve got a fighting chance with this, but… If you feel you’d rather make it a marriage  on paper, we can do that too.” He wanted to cup Tony’s face, put his arms around him or just his palm on Tony’s shoulder, but that might be too much for now, so he just pushed back his silly yearnings, and continued, quieter, “I’ve already spoken with my army buddy. He is waiting for us in his house, and although I’d like for it to be more romantic, maybe, at this point, it doesn’t have to be.” He paused to watch for a sign of what Tony really thought about all of this, but his eyes were unreadable. “After,” Steve said, sighing, “we can go straight to your lawyers, and I’ll sign everything over to you like I promised, and we can rent a really large house somewhere and live in its different wings for the next five years and…”
“Thank you,” Tony said softly, ran his fingers through Steve’s hair for the last time, and got up.
“You would…” Tony started haltingly. “You would do that for me? Why? You don't even know me.”
Tony slid his fingers gently through Steve's hair then tightened, pulled. Steve’s eyes teared up.
It wasn’t just an offer, it was an attack, an offense in the form of a bribe. An insult, not a negotiation. Steve glanced at Stark. His big dark eyes were staring at Steve with the burning fire of desperation.
Fresh air felt good. The sun was setting and a bird was singing its heart out somewhere. Probably a mating song, Steve thought. He called Thor who laughed over how sappy Steve sounded, and afterward, he just sat on the back porch and breathed.
Tony stopped. Took a deep breath. Released it.
“I’m going to untie your left wrist from the headboard now,” Tony explained gently, “and you are going to be a good boy and let me tie it together with your right wrist, understood?”
“He’s an omega,” he said, trying to keep in tone. “What’s he gonna do? Bite?”
“Aww, sweetheart,” Tony cooed, watching his hole contracting and releasing around the plug. “Poor you, trussed up so tight, for my pleasure. Want to keep you like this always.”
Tony panted as he kept thrusting. He kept going, not so gentle anymore, there was no point.
It wasn’t until Tony hit the feet of Steve’s sole that he jerked away again.
Here it is at last!
“I do,” he said conversationally.
“What do you mean you don’t need my money?” Tony exclaimed, looking affronted. “I promised you five million and I'm going to give you five million!”
What matters is that soon, Hawkeye and Hulk were both pretty sure they could sneak in and take that gold thingie. And you know what would happen if the beast smelled Hawkeye taking his things, right? We’d be lucky if there was a wet spot to clean up! And who knows what would’ve happened if he and Hulk started rough-housing? Would the structural integrity of the tower survive? I know I should've got involved there and then, but I really thought Steve was sincerely helping when he told them to forget the whole idea.
Dear Thor,
“How?” Steve’s eyebrows rose.
Tony shook his head. “No. And even if I could, Obie’s too rich and powerful for it to stick properly. The best-case outcome is me getting a lot of psychological evaluation and monitored living conditions that everybody will pretend is to make sure that Obie can’t abuse me. And ultimately I will be pressured to get married as quickly as possible so that the whole scandal could be suffocated and buried.” He glanced at Steve grimly. “No. I think it’s best if I just go alone. Too great a risk for you even if they never catch you.”
“You’re terrible,” laughs Steve as he pulls away. “I just… I couldn’t focus in the studio. I kept feeling restless, so I did this.”
“I’d be delighted to, sir, but I feel a request of this magnitude will be better received if it came directly from you.”
“When the spell is cast upon myself, it is instantaneous. However, I know my body well; therefore, my magic does, as well. I can transform with nearly no conscious thought, but as I’m unfamiliar with your structure, I must be more careful, more thoughtful, more thorough. It will take less than five minutes to be sure everything goes according to plan. Are you ready, Captain Rogers?”
“No! I'm staying! But yes, please, I want some hun'dew.”
“Nothing, this was dumb, ignore me. Food will be here soon. See ya down there. In the kitchen. For dinner.”
“Where the hell is this coming from?” Steve asks, internally wincing at the slight whining in his voice.
Steve has to search his memory, but then he remembers the very first time he ever rode in Tony's car. His cheeks burn even as he laughs, kissing Tony gently. Tony pulls the door open, waits for Steve to get settled in the passenger seat, then shuts the door with a solid thump. Steve exhales shakily while he watches Tony round the back of the car and slide into his own seat. They don't speak as Tony pulls out of the parking stall, as he steers the vehicle onto the road, but unlike their disastrous first dinner, this silence isn't uncomfortable. The soft strains of guitar and drums fill the air, and Steve catches himself bobbing his head along to the beat. He ignores the amused glances Tony sends his way, reaching over the console to grasp Tony's free hand in his own.
, Disney movies, or
“It wasn't a problem.”
. They could have gotten caught and thrown in the Raft. Besides –”
“Of you? Yes. I hear the healthy sense of fear I experience while in your presence is a good thing for my self-preservation skills.”
“I love you,” Steve whispers long after Tony has dropped off into sleep, securely wrapped in Steve’s arms. Steve dozes off, too, the mantra of
Tony’s eyes darken at the sight of Steve standing in the middle of the workshop wearing an outfit that Natasha assured him was sexy yet classy. In this body, Tony’s taller than Steve by a good two inches; his build looks bulkier now that Steve’s smaller. Tony hurriedly wipes his hands on a clean rag, grabs Steve’s wrist, and yanks him closer for a searing kiss. Steve feels like he’s floating, like he’s a soap bubble that could burst at any moment, as Tony’s tongue dances against his own. His breasts are pressed tightly, almost uncomfortably, to Tony’s chest, but he can’t think of that now, can’t think of anything except the rasp of Tony’s goatee against his skin and the heat pooling between his legs as Tony caresses the swell of one breast, thigh between Steve’s and cock hard and insistent against Steve’s hip.
Natasha glances at the expression on Steve’s face. “Maybe you should put off the outing until –”
“At first. Use condoms at first. Wait until after your first menstrual cycle, then you can ditch them. Nobody’s sure how this magic thing works, so it’s best to be safe rather than sorry.”
___________
“Yeah, buddy, I miss him, too.”
Tony rolls his eyes, but there’s a pleased smile playing on his lips. He shoves the basket away with one foot, curls closer into Steve, and drags the blanket over them as far as it will go. Steve rolls onto his side so he can hold Tony tightly to him. They share a few slow, lazy kisses, and Steve can feel arousal humming deep under his skin, but for now, this is enough, he doesn’t need more.
“So you've figured out who I am.”
“Wanna trade?”
it, that he risked missing Tony’s birthday. He’d waited until Tony was alone in the kitchen before giving it to him; the brunet had raised a brow at the choice in wrapping paper (a scarlet background dotted with little repulsor discs against a gold
"Is it safe to come back?”
“I shall endeavour to do so, Ms Potts.”
“I’m not sorry, either.”
But Tony’s already hung up. Steve huffs out a laugh, drops his phone to his desk. It beeps seconds later; the message has only a name and address. He has less than an hour before school lets out. Gathering up the little work he’s done, he tucks the papers into their folder, sliding it into his bag; he shuts down his computer, drapes the bag’s strap over his shoulder, and heads toward the exit. He can already hear the others whispering to each other as he pulls the door closed behind him.
“What?”
Steve waits until he hears footsteps going up a set of stairs, then opens his eyes. The ceiling above him is unfinished: Pipes and wire crisscross the underside of the boards. There are only two bulbs hanging from the rafters, but they put off plenty of light. Concrete blocks, painted a deep blue, make up the walls surrounding him, and the small windows near the top tell him he’s in a basement. Voices near the stairs, and Steve hurriedly closes his eyes again. He tenses when he recognises two of the voices.
Tony double-checks that the board members are paying attention to Pepper (or at least, pretending to pay attention) and types back a response.
Director Fury comes to him one night, and Steve walks away from the encounter far angrier than he has been in a long time. When will people ever learn to leave well enough alone and not fiddle with things they know nothing about, items that will bring about the end of civilisation? But he’s a soldier, he has a duty to his country ー his planet ー to keep it safe from harm, so he gears up like he’s told to and does what needs to be done.
Pietro leans over to see what Steve received, whistling sharply. “Wow, I need to get me a sugar daddy!”
“Of course,” Thor responds, his grip tightening around Mjølnir, as Tony waves a hand toward the ceiling and JARVIS voices his assent.
Steve sighs, nods. He knows Tony is right – on all aspects. But Steve can’t help but worry about possible repercussions. He slowly falls asleep to the sound of Tony breathing and the movement of their daughter.
“I’m sure they’re glad it’s over, too. I mean, they’re married now, and they get to go on a vacation and just be by themselves for an entire two weeks. No Pepper having to put out your fires, no Pepper having to wrangle you into a board meeting, no ー”
“Remember, Captain, close your eyes and open your mind.”
Ms Potts stares at him without speaking for a few minutes. When she clears her throat, she's smiling tentatively. “You're Steve, then.”
Steve glances up to see Tony leaning against the doorframe, and smiles softly. “Yeah, just give me a second.”
Peter plants his fists on his hips and stares up at Steve with a defiant expression on his face. Steve’s brain races, tries to come up with a way to peacefully break this standoff, but he doesn’t know how to refuse again without potentially causing a meltdown. He also doesn’t know the proper way to bathe a child, but that evidently matters not – he supposes he has no choice but to learn. Thankfully, he knows someone who can help.
“Come here, bug. Look, I know it's hard being bullied and picked on, so we all think it's a good idea for you to stay home today, but we'll all be there in the morning to talk to your principal about what's going on, okay? I'm not sayin’ the teachers are blameless for what's happening, but if you don't tell anyone, no one can try to make it better. But that's for tomorrow. Today, we are going to go to my work for a bit, then we'll go to lunch when your dad gets out of his meeting.”
“Yes, Captain Rogers?”
“Buck, no, not happenin’.”
“And that mindset is why we came here.”
“I can’t help it. He’d still be here if I’d focused more on reaching for him, pulling him to safety, instead of that HYDRA agent.”
, for him. Steve leans his forehead against the cool glass and closes his eyes.
"I'm okay. Daddy had to leave yesterday for a 'mergency -" Here, Tony's eyes flash dangerously in Steve's direction, and Steve makes another mental note of yet another thing to explain and possibly apologise for. "- so I stayed with Steve, he lives 'cross the hall, and we drawed and coloured and watched TV and then I ax'dently fell asleep before Daddy came back, but Steve was really nice, so Daddy brought him here with us to thank him."
. C’mon, sweetie, open your eyes. It’s time to wake up.”
“No. I want a bath.”
okayed, so Pep wants me to go oversee the process, make sure it goes smoothly.”
“Trust me, I'll be much more enthusiastic about taking it all off later.”
Steve opens his mouth, closes it when he realises he has nothing to respond with. He settles for shaking his head.
She doesn't believe him ー she never does, she's too smart for that ー but she stays quiet, just gives him that look like she can see right through him. With a heavy sigh that does nothing to dim the smile she's wearing, mostly for the show of it, so no one knows just how done she is with Tony's bullshit, she lets him lead her in a smooth, graceful arc across the dancefloor. They twirl and spin and waltz for three more songs before Tony has had enough, he needs to get out of here. He presses a gentle kiss to her cheek, leads her toward Natasha, and passes Pepper off with a “Be home by midnight, or you're grounded” that sounds flat and awkward, even to his own ears.
Photographs taken, everyone congregates in the reception area set up further down the beach. The next few hours are spent  dancing to a variety of different kinds of music, sipping on a glass of champagne, and keeping an eye on Peter as Tony and Pepper spin around the dancefloor. The sun dips lower to the horizon as time wears on; an occasional flash from the camera dazzles Steve, but he ignores it as much as possible, intent on making sure that Peter isn’t getting hurt or lost. Steve watches Pepper and Tony swaying to the music, talking quietly to each other, and he can see how they could have worked. They seem to be in such complete sync with each other, and even when Tony manages to annoy and frustrate Pepper, she’s yet to leave his side. It doesn’t matter that their romantic relationship failed, they’re still so close and compatible, and their friendship is enviable. As much as Steve loves the way Tony and Pepper raise their child and interact together, he’s selfishly glad they never worked out. He is thankful that he has what he has with Tony and Peter, and even Pepper and Phil. He smiles down at a dozing Peter leaning against his chest, presses a soft kiss to the child’s hair.
“No, we decided to do this by the seat of our pants,” Tony snaps, and Steve drops his head into his hands.
“If, for any reason…” He stops, clears his throat. “If this doesn't work out, I will kill you if you take it out on Peter. I mean, I don't think you will, but the threat ー no, the
“When I no longer doubt whether you’re actually in this
, of all people. Tony’d meant to extend an olive branch by inviting the Star-Spangled Ass to live in the tower, which was just a smart idea for two reasons: One, less of a delay of action in case of an emergency, and two, it wouldn’t hurt to have Captain America on your side. But spending time with the epitome of perfection turned into spending time with Steve Rogers which turned into less fighting and more getting along, and somewhere between the first time Steve met the bots and their first real conversation that wasn’t full of mindless small talk, Tony had leaped over the line separating ‘platonic’ and, well…
“I know, Steve, I know,” Tony whispers soothingly as he lets Steve hold tight and scream against the overwhelming surge of pain, and Steve doesn't mention that Tony's voice is thick and rough with his own hurt. “I wish she was still here, too, she would be so proud of you. I wish I could bring her back. I'd give my life if I could bring her back to you.”
“I can’t tell you how sorry I am for just...forcing him on you.”
Steve debates his choices; if he helps Pietro, the kid's comic will be that much closer to being done, but he also runs the risk of Pietro being upset and-or humiliated. If he doesn't help, Pietro's dignity is intact, but Steve will feel guilty for not doing what he can. With a sigh, he shoves to his feet and makes his way across the room to stand beside Pietro.
“Her love for you evidently outweighs her hatred of being in a suit, even one designed for saving your ass when you do something dumb.” Steve pauses. “JARVIS, how’s he doing?”
“I'm a comic book writer at SHIELD,” explains Steve as he lets Tony nudge him into one of the empty chairs.
Tony's voice is sharp as he snaps  out, "We need a break, because this isn't working. Cap, go to the gym, destroy shit, I don't care, but get your ass out of here. JARVIS, where is Pepper?”
“I'm sure I could make you get up.”
Steve doesn’t understand who is arguing and why. All he knows is something is
“Okay,” Tony says slowly, leaning back a bit from the force of Steve's words. “Okay, not embarrassed, got it. Then what's the problem?”
“No, no, it – it’s fine. Yes, I’m ready.”
Shit. “An emergency is a, a situation that requires immediate attention. Um…say I fall down the stairs and break my leg. I’d have to go to the doctor right away, right?” At Peter’s tiny nod, Steve releases a breath. “That would be an emergency.”
“You look like shit, Steve.”
“– I swear, oh, Jesus, Pepper –”
“I’m not drunk, I swear. I’ll even do a sobriety test or-or a blood alcohol content test. But I haven’t been drinking. I’m not drunk. I am, however, insanely exhausted. I’ve been on my feet all damn day, dealing with idiots, trying not to throttle people in R&D because they can’t understand anything.”
“Oh, this oughtta be good,” drawls a previously-unseen Clint from his perch on the counter separating the kitchen and living room.
Steve forces himself to take a steadying breath, closes out of the text thread, and puts his phone on the bed next to him. He tries to pay attention to the show as Kimmy gets insulted once more by Stephanie, but his mind keeps circling back to Tony’s words. He glances over at Natasha and smiles to himself when he sees how casually close she and Sam are sitting on their bed; he decides to spend the night thinking about what Tony said without bringing it up to the others until he’s made a decision.
Tony slides under the blankets, curving his body around Steve’s. “I just wouldn’t mention it to Fury or the WSC. They might not be happy about it. But anyway, ignoring that… I know you have the most upstanding moral code known to man, but they don’t have that kinda code. The compass they follow is looser, less black-and-white, less strict. Let them do this, Cap. Okay?”
“You can handle this. ‘S’easier than all those fights you got into as a child. Or, at the very least, less painful.”
When Steve emerges from the bedroom, he’s changed into his pyjamas; he doesn’t look at Tony as he passes by him to the door.
“It's you, buddy, beating up the germs that are making you sick.”
Natasha shrugs at Eira’s vehement statement. “I agree, but… It’s bad enough that I lost my temper like that on national television. If I’d allowed myself to do worse, I’d be in the Raft by now.”
“Yes, I get that, but, buddy, come on. Steve is outside of the apartment.”
“I… I know seeing Loki here was a shock, and I’m sorry it happened the way it did. But he’s here for a reason.”
ones.”
Steve’s brows furrow. “But what?”
That melts Steve's heart. All humour he feels drains away rapidly, and he inhales shakily, leaning down to press a kiss to Peter's forehead. His throat is tight, aching. With a soft sigh, Steve holds onto the kid's hand, so tiny in his own.
Clint cuts in, peering  over his shoulder as  he scans their surrou. “We're starting to attract attention, Cap, we need to move.”
“Ton-Tony, please, wait,” Steve manages to pant out when the arousal in his gut reaches a peak, threatens to spill over. “Please ー”
“Petey here got a little throw-up on himself earlier, so we changed his clothes. He's kept down a little bit of water, which is good. He should be able to take another sip by the time he gets home. If you go to the main office, you can sign him out there.” She kneels down to be on Peter's level. “Hope you feel better, kiddo. Remember, plenty of rest and cuddles with Piggly will help you, okay?”
your home. And I realised… I realised I don’t want you to leave. I actually like having you around. You makeー you make my life easier and, well, better. Not because you help in the workshop, I mean, I like that you do, but that’s not why, and oh god, I’m fucking this up, aren’t I?”
“'Kay.”
Tony freezes, eyes focused on the far wall. His mouth twists in a grimace.
“You know what to do.”
The pizza is delivered within forty-five minutes. By this time, Peter has eaten a banana, a granola bar, tin of yoghurt, and a piece of bread. Steve isn’t sure how many slices of pizza to give the kid, but Peter takes the decision out of his hands by grabbing one of the smaller triangles. They eat quietly together, and Steve tries to ignore witnessing Peter peeling chopped bacon off his slice.
"How's my favourite nephew?"
“It's for you.”
” smile. It’s odd to see his own expression on someone else’s face. Coulson returns in minutes, followed by both Nat and Clint. The archer waves good-naturedly then hoists himself up to sit on the countertop. The younger cop gives a half-hearted smile then lets his partner speak.
“Thank you, Loki. We’ll schedule a time to start training.”
“Says the man who was intent on going off to war as soon as he was able, 4Fs be damned.”
And indeed, Loki has. Steve’s legs are long, slender, drowning in the fabric of his sweats. His chest is no longer flat with the smooth curve of muscles, but has two round swells. Maybe he’s spent too much time with Clint and Tony, because his hands itch to explore his new breasts. His shirt dwarfs him, hangs off his shoulders, and soft hair brushes the exposed skin. He meets Tony’s gaze and forces a smile.
Steve turns his head to kiss the corner of Tony's mouth before he slumps over until his head hits his pillow; Tony follows immediately after, and Steve pulls him in closer. Tony rests his chin on Steve's chest and stares up at the blond.
so we can talk?”
“I wish he could be here,” Steve whispers. “He would love this. The technology, the easy access to all these different cultures… He probably wouldn’t be so thrilled about us trusting Loki, though.”
“Shut up,” Steve snaps, voice cracking with tears. “I’ll worry if I damn well want to. You’re not funny, you know.”
“I…have no idea, honestly. I mean, it's pretty anatomically impossible to get your head up your own ass, so beats me.”
“That, too,” laughs the blond as he dips his head and kisses Tony lightly.
“I know, but hopefully Little Miss will make this easy on you. I’ll be back in a few minutes to check on you.”
“You’re a godsend.”
“I know, but… You have to remember, Tony, there are shareholders, board members, even employees who believe the same thing.”
“Yeah, come on in.”
“Then it’s settled. Blue, you behave for Peter, okay?”
. You're Tony, the brilliant, funny, sarcastic little shit that I've grown up with in my dreams.”
… … … …
“Rhodey already knows about Steve,” Tony calls back from where he's standing by the car. “Told him a long time ago.”
“But you still need to look for Barnes.”
Steve chuckles and waits, but no further messages come through. So he sets his phone on the side of his desk, sits down in the chair, and pulls out the panels for
“I am so sorry that the Howard you got wasn’t the Howard I knew, that you never got to know him as I did. But I’ve…heard about what he became, and I can promise you that you’re nothing like him. Even your brilliance surpasses his. Your heart, the way you unconditionally love and care about the people closest to you, your strength… You’re so damn amazing, and it kills me that, because of him, you can’t see exactly what you’re worth – and I’m not talking monetary worth.” He breaths in deeply, tries to curb the swelling emotions. “I’m so in love with you, it’s scary. I thought I knew what love was, back then, but nothing has ever come close to what I feel for you.
“No, I can’t be serious, Stev
“Not really,” Peter groans, “but okay.”
“Yeah, go on.”
“Are… are you sure?”
, more.”
“Kids,” he chokes out, and Pepper sucks in a sharp inhale.
No one speaks until the last bite of scrambled eggs and bacon are gone; Coulson pulls a legal pad from the briefcase Steve hadn't known he was even carrying, and everyone shifts in their seats, a minute change in the atmosphere. The time for fear is gone. Now it's time for business. Steve lets the others tell the story in halting sentences, unable to put his thoughts into words.
? I’ve never taken care of a kid before, let alone a stranger’s. We’ve barely spoken, just a few ‘hello’s here and there, and now he’s trusting me with the wellbeing of his kid! He threatened to
“You couldn’t get away from us,
“I'm sorry.”
“Yup. I do. I was always sick as a kid. Seemed like every other week I was forced into bed rest.”
“Who’s-who’s there?” a voice thick with tears whispered, and Steve halted.
"Okay. I gotta talk to my boss, rearrange some things, but I can watch him."
“Hello, I'm Virginia Potts, CEO of Stark Industries. You want to see Tony, you said?”
And if Tony’s voice is cracking, his eyes shining with unshed tears, Steve isn’t going to mention it. He sits next to Tony, pulls the other man’s hand into his own even as Tony struggles, and presses a soft kiss to the skin on the back of Tony’s hand. He clears his throat and searches for the right words to say.
the AI is. And right now? The silence isn’t the peaceful quiet of JARVIS awaiting orders. It’s the silence that only comes from a loved one who is two seconds from murdering you in your sleep.
“Sam?”
"Would you be willing and able to watch him this week?"
Tony feels drunker than he has in such a long time – since before Steve barrelled into his life and made him want to be a better man. He stumbles to the couch used for naps after working so long, he starts hallucinating. His brain is full to the brim of Steve’s disappointed face or, even worse, the expression he wears screams that he had low expectations of success and it turned out he was right. Tony
you’re back.” He pauses long enough that Steve lifts his head and peers over the back of the couch; Tony stands there, staring wide-eyed at the archer who has his hands on Tony’s shoulders. Clint leans in. “Please, for the love of our sanity, go. Fuck. Steve.”
“Yep. I told them to give us an hour before they storm down the door. Don’t be surprised when they don’t give a shit about you.”
“Now list three sounds that you hear.”
“I apologise. I forgot how much Dum-E loves Mjølnir.”
“Then go fucking stall, so I can do this.”
To Tony’s surprise (and slight dismay), Thor is on Earth and back in New York within three days. The god is standing in the corridor outside the workshop when Tony heads down after a very long day of touring the newest acquisition in SI’s roster. Tony, to his credit, doesn’t falter, just breezes past Thor and through the door. Dum-E whirs over immediately, bypassing his creator to pluck inelegantly at Thor’s cape.
"I'll be fine."
The apartment in DC is much nicer than the one Steve just left. He donated his furniture to the local chapter of Habitat for Humanity and spent less than an hour packing up what little remains in his life. He left like a ghost, stepping over the threshold and closing the door behind him. No one will know that Captain America lived in this apartment for six months. There are no traces of his existence left behind except for a little more dust than when he moved in.
“Uh, sure.”
Thor stands in the centre of the room between the couch and television, hands help up in a placating manner. Natasha is deadly still; her face is a hard mask, and her green eyes are full of icy, calculating fury. One of her hands is at her waist, and Steve is almost surprised to realise she’s still carrying knives around as if she expects to be attacked in her own home. Then he reminds himself it’s Natasha, of course she’s armed no matter where she is. What gets the most of his focus, though, is the fact that Clint has an arrow nocked and drawn in his ever-present bow, aiming at Thor, his face pale with rage.
“Why? I’ve only watched him
“Why not?” Steve demands in a choked voice.
“Careful,” he warns gently when Steve’s grip threatens to be too much. “Cracked ribs.”
“Obviously.” Steve sighs, sits on the couch. “Where is the rest of, of your mother’s court or whatever?”
“What happened?”
“Sorry, Miss, didn't mean to scare ya. I just wanted to help you cross.”
Peter makes a show of standing tall and clapping his hands to his sides, and Steve grins widely before taking three steps down the hall to knock on the door to the changing room. Pepper’s sister, Charlotte, pulls the door open just a crack, and her eyes examine the space behind Steve closely.
“Okay, okay. Steve, baby?” Tony climbs onto the bed but stays out of range of flailing limbs; he learned his lesson the first few times he’d received an elbow to the face and spent the next week sporting a bruise and suffering Steve’s miserable guilt. “Steve, it’s okay. You’re home, in the tower. You’re
“I thought you said this was
Tony’s just stepped into his office when a video screen appears. The head of R&D gives him a sympathetic smile, an apology, and a brief rundown on the newest disaster in the making. Tony stares longingly at the mug of coffee sitting on his desk, left there two minutes before his arrival by his assistant; ultimately, the thought of Pepper yelling at him for not helping meet deadlines proves to be an incredible motivator, so he turns on his heel and heads back toward the elevator.
Steve’s quiet plea does nothing to alleviate the situation. In fact, Tony seems to double-down on his stance of remaining on Steve’s bed and keeping him awake. Steve knows he could easily move the other man, but he’s exhausted and feels every bit as old as he truly is. He leans forward in the chair, resting his elbows on his knees, and stares at his clasped hands.
Steve snorts softly when the man stumbles as he steps inside. “How about
“Captain Rogers is in the gym.”
“I do just fine, thank you very much.”
“Good. No Phil. What’s up, Steve?”
“On it.”
“What’s today?”
“I don’t know, do I look like his damn babysitter?” A sigh, then: “Let’s just hurry up and do this already. You know she’s gonna be noticed missing soon if she hasn’t already.”
“So, Steven Grant Rogers, tell me something about yourself that a background check wouldn’t pick up.”
Steve steps back but keeps his hand on Peter's shoulder and meets the nurse’s eye. She gives him a gentle smile and holds out a plastic bag; he takes it with a raised brow.
The security guard shakes his head with a smile. “No can do, sir. Ms Potts was clear in her instructions.”
“Hey, I think your mom should be almost ready. Want me to see if you can go see her?”
“Hey, there. You must be Peter.” She grins when all he does is nod hesitantly. “Well, Steve here talks a lot about you, says you're super-smart and an amazing artist. Wanna meet some other artists?”
“You’re Steve.”
Steves bites back the curse at the doctor, ignoring the urge to just give up, and manages to find the strength to push. He can feel it the instant the baby’s feet slip free; he collapses back to the bed with a gasp. Tony smiles down at him, tears in his dark eyes.
explodes from upstairs. Mal’s face turns white, and Don barks for more sedatives.
He stares at the innocent sign hanging on the glass door to SHIELD Comics and Photography. The letters don't magically rearrange themselves before his eyes; he drags a hand over his face, turns toward home.
, yes, but he agreed, but if I made a mistake in telling him, I’m sure I could make a memory eraser and Agent K his ass.”
Peter nods slowly, tucking his head tighter under Steve's chin. They sit in silence for a while. Finally, the child pushes away and goes to grab his schoolbag; Steve watches as he dumps out his workbooks and shoves a sketchbook, paperback reading book, and his box of colouring supplies into the bag before heading to the door to pull his shoes on.
The penthouse is dark and quiet. JARVIS brings the lights up to five percent, just enough that Tony can see where he’s going without tripping over furniture. The AI remains suspiciously silent, doesn’t answer Tony’s questions about what’s going on, where Steve is. Tony considers panicking at the thought of why JARVIS isn't responding, but decides he ultimately doesn't care; he's too tired, mentally drained. Besides, severing the connection between JARVIS and the penthouse is 99.99% impossible, the rest of the tower would lose contact with the system and power source first.
The restaurant that Tony drives them to is a bit more upscale than Steve is used to, but that nervousness is overshadowed by his anxiousness about meeting Pepper. Tony seems to see his emotions on his face since he reaches over the console once the car is parked and brings Steve's hand to his lips. Steve exhales shakily, squeezes Tony's hand gently, and nods.
“That's not helping, Steve,” Tony laughs softly, but his lips are tender on Steve's forehead, so Steve doesn't think he's really mad.
“Thanks, Pep. It means a lot to us. To
Steve sighs, all traces of humour gone. “No, not yet.”
Steve laughs quietly, “Oh, yeah. He’d’a been over the moon about it. He’d spoiled her rotten, teach her all sortsa bad things. Yeah, he woulda been so excited.”
“Tony, it’s not that late. You still have time to go.”
! No, oh god, no, Nat, I-I didn’t mean that I wanted a child with you. I could, would never ask that of you.” He pauses. “You can’t –?”
"That would be my father."
Steve doesn’t speak but allows Tony to turn his body. Tony, to nobody’s surprise, takes a (not so quick) moment to rake his gaze over his partner’s body, appreciating the solid wall of muscles and, quite frankly, beautiful form in front of him. Before his cock can get too excited at the sight, he shakes his head (mentally; he doesn’t want to freak Steve out, he’s not an idiot), and grabs the blue mesh sponge and body wash. He can see the tension slightly lessen in Steve’s body with each swipe of the sponge; pressing a soft kiss to the underside of the blond’s jaw, Tony lowers himself to his knees and gently scrubs at the legs he loves wrapped around his hips in the middle of the night. His hands burn with the desire to bring Steve to hardness, stroke him until he’s a trembling mess, but that would be counterproductive to the goal Tony is striving toward, so he avoids the temptation as much as possible.
“No. We don't, or at least
“A lullaby?” At Peter's nod, Steve swallowed and scrubbed a hand over his face. “Okay, a lullaby. I can do this. What does he usually sing?”
an asshole!”
not speaking to him.”
“Because you have a life and home to get back to?”
“It is a reasonable request. You have my word of silence.”
He sets a hand on Tony's knee under the table, grateful that this is his life.
“Lead the way.”
“Nothing embarrassin’, promise. If anything, I got all the embarrassin' stories to tell you about this little punk.”
Tony tugs an honest-to-god wicker basket over to them, flipping the lid open, and Steve stares down at the mass of food inside ー fruit, carrots and celery sticks, miniature sandwiches… all foods to be eaten with fingers. He grabs a grape and starts to bring it up to his mouth but changes his mind halfway through the motion. Tony’s eyes widen slightly; his lips part, and he allows Steve to carefully push the grape into his mouth. They take turns after that, sometimes feeding themselves but mostly feeding each other. The awkwardness melts away, transforms into an easy comfortableness. Something inside of Steve loosens, falls into place, and he leans over to press a soft kiss onto Tony’s cheek. Tony stares at Steve from the corner of his eye before turning his head and capturing Steve’s lips with his own.
“I, uh, I guess go ahead and take Loki to his room. I’ll call a team meeting once Tony’s home.”
“How...much?”
“Because I didn't want to admit that I was fucking jealous, okay? I didn't want to get my hopes up about anything, because guess what, it never really works for me, ever. I got my hopes up about Pepper, and look what happened. She walked out. I got my hopes up about the green energy initiative, and oh, I damn near died for it. I… I couldn't get my hopes up about you because it would kill me to have to lose whatever of you that I can get.” Tony swipes a hand across the surface of his workbench, sending tablets and mugs and various odds and ends to their demise on the floor; the sight of broken porcelain and glass and bits of metal isn't a comforting one, it's too close to symbolism for the way he's feeling, maelstrom of overwhelming emotions that he can't make sense of. “I didn't want you to see, to really look and see exactly what a mess I am, because I can't even be happy that you're in a relationship with someone who is actually good for you, because I am so damn far from that, it's way past 'not funny’ and now somewhere in the 'wow, this is fucked up how not funny this is’ territory.”
Steve grabs for Tony's wrist, gentling his touch once he has a hold. Tony stares down at the fingers wrapped around his arm; his eyes widen infinitesimally when Steve shifts his hand until their palms are pressed together. He laces his fingers with Tony's, bringing their joined hands to his lips. He presses a kiss to the back of Tony's hand, a feather-light brush of his lips against skin. When Steve looks up again, Tony's cheeks are flushed a beautiful pink, and he's staring at Steve with a tiny, shy, hopeful smile, just barely tugging at the corners of his mouth.
The shaky gasp coming from Steve is swallowed by Tony's lips, and Tony drags fingertips along the smooth skin of his lover’s thigh. The kiss is slow, tender, sweet – until it's not. Between one breath and the next, the urgency grows, and Steve wraps his arms around Tony's shoulder, a leg around Tony's waist; pulls their bodies closer together. With a soft sigh, Tony rests as much weight as he dares on Steve. Steve's always been the bigger one, the one most capable of holding the other’s weight, so having to take precautions not to crush this new, more fragile form is unfamiliar. He doesn’t remember the last time he was on top of a woman – even Pepper had preferred more control in the bedroom, generally speaking – but this is beyond new. This isn’t some random, leggy blonde looking for a quick roll between his expensive sheets. No matter what, this is Steve, the one person who’s ever gotten this close, who’s ever made Tony believe – actually
“No.”
“I can’t have this conversation right now.”
“You’d tell Rhodey or Pepper, and they’d nag you until you gave in and told me,” chuckles Steve as he rolls to face Tony.
Steve pulls into a stall in a parking garage a block away from the address he was given; after locking the doors, he glances at the GPS map on his phone’s screen and sets off in what he hopes is the right direction.
“There are lots of Tonys that work here, sir. You'll have to be more specific.”
Tony bites down on Steve’s breasts, releasing once he’s sure a mark will form. It doesn’t matter that the mark will disappear before they’re done, he doesn’t care; it’ll last long enough. Steve shudders under Tony as his breath ghosts over bared skin. Tony shifts until he can move one hand. Steve’s breath comes in sharper pants as Tony slides a finger under the band of the thong. The texture of trimmed curls brings a smile to Tony’s face, and he stares up at Steve.
Steve is certain he knows where this conversation is heading, just as he’s sure he’ll accept the offer as soon as Clint mentions the position SHIELD is desperate for Steve to fill. He knows he will be little good as a spy, but he’s been yearning for something to occupy his time instead of staring blankly at the walls. Besides, brute force is something he excels at, along with strategising, so as long as he doesn’t need to be someone he’s not, he can do the job. Clint barely gets the words “lead a STRIKE unit” out before Steve is telling the man he’ll do it. Clint stops talking immediately, his expression full of surprise, but he eventually smiles, claps a hand to Steve’s shoulder, and says he’ll see Cap bright and early Monday morning at SHIELD headquarters in DC. Before he walks out the door, he stops and turns to face Steve.
Tony stays silent for a few minutes, and Steve stares out the window. He can't help but wonder if he’d overstepped last night in explaining the definition of an 'emergency'. By the time Tony finally speaks, Steve has resigned himself to getting yelled at.
a great man, Tony, and a damn good hero. You’ve done everything you can to make up for the legacy that Howard left you.”
“Okay?”
Morning comes with the pattering of feet on the floor and hazy sunlight on his face. Steve grunts when forty pounds of kid lands on his spine. He turns to glance over his shoulders and sees a smiling Peter; he can’t help but grin back.
“– exactly
“Because even if this isn't a date, you two need to eat something, and chicken soup should be easy enough on his belly. Plus… I'm a selfish guy who wanted to spend time with you. Both of you.”
The walls, a shade of molten gold, are bright with the reflection of the midday sun through the windows, and swaths of silken cloth are draped over the thick sofas and chairs. Tony’s feet sink into the plush white carpeting. Incense sticks send out waves of earthy, spicy aromas that make Tony think of hearths and hot fires in an open field. Members of Frigga’s court have situated themselves around the living area; Loki stands behind the counter in the kitchenette, fingers tapping out a soft, rapid rhythm against the dark marble countertop.
to do incredibly fast. Plus, you’ve got each other and the rest of the team to keep you from screwing up too badly. You’ll be okay.”
“And after?”
“Cold shower?”
“Yessir.”
“Me?”
Once the door is closed and locked tightly behind him, he sits on the edge of the tub, scrubbing a hand over his face. Stubble prickles sharply against his palm, and he remembers idly that it’s been almost thirty hours since he last shaved. His head is starting to hurt with the lack of sleep and unending torrent of emotions. He opens his messaging app.
With a gentle smile, Tony leans down to press a kiss to Steve's lips. “Ready to go?”
“Better than I ever had a right to expect. But he's a damn good actor, so I don't know for sure what's real and what he's hiding.”
“He wouldn’t be outside the ‘partment if you lived together,” Peter retorts mulishly and shoves another bite into his mouth, his expression petulant in the face of his father’s exasperation. “
He hates her because of reasons he really doesn't want to get into, but mostly he hates that she's with Steve when she doesn't deserve Steve.
“The least you could do, Tony, is be happy that I'm finally finding something to be happy about in this century,” Steve says softly minutes later after it becomes apparent that Tony isn't going to speak, as he releases Tony's hand, turning away and heading for the door, and Tony panics.
“Gee, thanks, not like hearin’ it from Bucky wasn't enough.”
“A, a really good plan, one that I think you'd be on board with.”
"Okay, sweetheart."
“Did you notice anything…
Pepper sniffs and swipes her fingers under her eyes. “Thank you, baby. And look at you! You are so handsome right now.”
Peter shrugs.
Steve turns to see a tall woman striding toward them in heels, her arms full of tablets and files; her golden-red hair gleams under the lights of the atrium, and the business suit she's wearing was obviously designed to demand attention and respect. Steve finds himself subconsciously straightening his back as much as he can as she nears. She still towers over him, and he forces a smile at her emotionless expression. She raises an eyebrow but shuffles her load until she can hold one manicured hand out. He shakes her hand, grimacing at how clammy his palms suddenly are.
“Seems to me like you’ve been payin’ attention, ‘s’all. Anway, why exactly did you not take his money? I mean, it’s what you do when you provide a service – you get paid. That’s kinda the whole point.”
me? Even
And Tony can't ever really avoid answering when Rhodey uses that tone. So he lets it out in a bumbling, rambling mess of words, none of which makes sense to himself at all, but evidently, it makes enough sense for Rhodey, because he doesn't question further.
“Yeah, babe?”
After a quick shower, small clumps of melon splatting onto the floor and him dancing awkwardly when the hot water suddenly turns icy, Steve stumbles out of the bathroom with a towel around his waist. It's barely five-thirty in the afternoon, but he's exhausted. He's spent the last three hours with Peter at the park then the market, walking around and chasing the child between playground equipment. It was more fun than Steve has had in a long time, and he enjoyed every second.
, a traitorous voice in his brain whispers,
“So? Was that a good different?”
“Always gonna, Mister 'I punch people three times my size because I'm an idiot with no self-preservation’.”
“Tony…”
Tony clears his throat, and five faces swivel toward him. “Loki will have to be under constant supervision.”
Natasha snorts inelegantly at Steve’s statement. “That’s putting it pretty lightly, Rogers.”
Steve pulls the blanket up under Peter's chin and pokes the child's nose gently; Peter's giggles bring a smile to Steve's face, and he makes sure that both Blue and Piggly are in the bed. He stares down at the child ー this small, fragile child that he's come to love harder, more fiercely, than he's ever loved someone who isn't related to him ー and brushes a curl from Peter's face.
“I've got it, thanks.”
“Not to, unless it’s the day your baby girl is born. Then you don’t care, because it’s such a wonderful, happy time, and you’re not going to ruin it by being an ass.”
Security feed after security feed filters across the holographic screens, and Tony keeps a close eye on the videos. It’s been two weeks since the night of Steve’s nightmare; there have been more, according to JARVIS’s reports, but Tony wasn’t there through them. Either the AI managed to wake the super-soldier or Tony was away on trips for SI. Every time Tony’s learned of a new one in his absence, it feels like yet another way that Tony is failing Steve. He’d never come right out and
Steve clambered up onto the bed, crawled across the surface until his head hit something hard with an audible thump. Tony clung to his knee, hissing in pain, then the boys sat together for a while until, without warning, the scenery changed and they were in a bright garden, full of colourful flowers and buzzing bees and flittering butterflies. Tony plopped onto a bench, patted the seat beside him, and waited until Steve sat down, to relax. They spent the next however long watching insects floating from flower to flower, the sun beaming down and warming their little area. Neither boy minded they were in their pyjamas, though Tony’s were much more expensive and uncomfortable-looking than Steve’s. They usually were.
The way Queen Frigga explains the process seems rather straightforward, if a bit different than either Steve or Tony expected: The magic required to allow Steve to experience the pregnancy while still male is complex and carries dangerous risk to both him and the foetus, due to the fact that, even with magic, the male body is incapable of carrying a baby to term. However, a transformation spell is much easier, more stable, and has longer periods of time between re-casting.
in the same sentence means that if he goes through with this, his body will no longer be the one he’s had for his entire life. It has undergone changes from his youth, but nothing near this enormity. Tony is surprisingly silent during the explanation, his face a mask of concentration; he doesn’t even blink at the implication that Steve will be in a completely different body for the duration of the pregnancy, birth, and recovery. It’s only when an advisor clears her throat that Steve drags his gaze away from his lover’s face and back to the queen’s.
. How much worse would it be for our offspring? So I’ve never let myself want kids.”
“Really?”
Tony doesn't respond, but Steve figures the other man is changing like he said he would. So he just lets himself collapse onto the couch to wait; unfortunately, his nervousness gets the best of him, and within heartbeats, he's up and pacing the floor again. He
“Is this some sort of attempt at office sex? Because steve, darling, sweet-cheeks, all you had to do was ask.”
She smiles and reaches for his hand, squeezes gently. “Just don’t ask me to babysit. I’ve done enough of that with you.”
The morning comes too slowly, time dragging on with the weight of a million worlds. Steve climbs out of bed first; the sun isn’t even up fully when he steps outside and locks the door behind him, heading to the worn-down gas station attached to the motel’s parking lot. He grabs a handful of frozen burritos from the freezer, heads to the front to pay, and glances up at the tiny TV behind the partition while the clerk counts out change.
Tony closes his eyes, his face twisting into a pained expression. When he turns to fully face Steve, it’s to glare at the blond and mouth “Get out.” Steve does so, gladly, but he makes sure to drop the money onto the table by the door first. It takes a lot of willpower to not slam the door on his way out, but he manages it; he doesn’t want to upset Peter any further. Bucky is leaning against the fridge by the time Steve gets back to his own apartment.
Steve hitches the towel tighter around him, makes sure it’s covering him even as Tony’s gaze rakes over his exposed skin. Steve rolls his eyes at Tony's leer, turns on his heel, and goes back to his room. After hurriedly dressing in a pair of cotton sleep-pants and a threadbare t-shirt, he rejoins Tony in the kitchen. The other man has made himself at home on the living room floor, scrolling through Steve's Netflix queue on the battered laptop that sits on the television stand.
has gone through, while I was in the ice.”
“No, no, Peter. C’mere, baby.” Tony is by Peter’s side almost instantly, expertly dodging the random toys littering the floor, and he gently picks his son up and holds him tightly. “Why would you think this is your fault?”
Steve glances out the windshield to see Darcy standing in the large window, her face nearly pressed to the glass, and he laughs, waves goodbye. “What are you talkin’ about? She'd record it and keep that video forever.”
“Sorry, Ma. I just… I got invited over for dinner, and I don’t know if I should take somethin’ with me or not.”
“Aw, sir, don’t you trust me?”
“That’s what I thought. I’ll do my best to get home before he’s out of school.”
. His face is hot, but he picks up the items that Pepper recommended.
It’s over then. The Accords have been ratified, and one problem from the collective vision has been handled. Steve turns to face his team, lips twitching as he tries to stifle a smile. Clint doesn’t even bother attempting to hide the fact that he’s pleased with the outcome; even Natasha's mouth is slightly curved, her eyes sparkling as sidesteps the embrace that Thor is trying to bestow upon her. The man doesn't let her refusal slow him down ー he merely turns toward Sam, sweeping him up in a hug tight enough that Steve worries for Sam’s continued health.
, damn, yeah, I’m going.”
Tony swallows, hard, and Steve watches his face closely; a flicker of uncertainty followed by the pure determination that Steve has come to know and love, even when he hates it. “Yeah, maybe she did.” A quick smile then Tony is tugging on Steve's hand. “Come on, Cap, we have a family waiting.”
Steve jolts, knocking over the jar of water he uses to clean the brushes, and curses as he turns to face his visitor. “Knock, next time!”
“Correct, Captain.”
“I, uh, I didn't order anything.”
Tony emerges from the bathroom ten minutes later, stumbling to a stop when he sees Steve and Peter sitting at the dining table. Peter slurps another spoonful of milk and sugary cereal before smiling widely.
“I didn’t think about it much, after Peter initially put the thought into my head. Then…it became more of a consistent thing. I don’t even remember now what you did, I honestly can’t, but… I think you were just pacing the living room, singing to Peter as you carried him back and forth because, uh, right, he had that ear infection really bad, remember? And you were trying so hard to get him to sleep because he was just so exhausted but he couldn’t because of the pain, a-and you looked absolutely wrecked, and I wanted to make it better, make
They lay in silence, Steve wrapped in Tony’s arms. Tony presses gentle kisses to Steve’s hair and holds him close.
There’s something odd in JARVIS’s voice when he announces Thor’s presence in the communal living room and strongly urges Steve to make his way there. Though announcements of the inhabitants’ comings and goings are common enough to hear, the AI rarely speaks in anything other than a calm, even cadence, his tone smooth and soothing. So at the lack of normalcy in JARVIS’s voice, Steve immediately hurries out of his art studio, not bothering to pack up his supplies, and rushes down the stairs.
Her words are sharp, but her voice is kind. He takes comfort in that.
“I think I messed up with Natasha this morning.”
“Oh, no, don’t do that. I like your hair.”
As quickly as she came in, Natasha’s gone, slowing only to slide a hand softly over Dum-E’s frame. Loki and Thor leave shortly after, followed closely by the Asgardian delegation. Tony stays by Steve’s side during the short walk to Bruce’s lab, during the long examination in which Bruce compares blood samples, physical reactions, and mental capacity. The actual inspection of Steve’s body is clinical; Bruce’s hands are gentle but don’t linger as he pokes, prods, and searches for any flaw in this new body. When he gives the all clear, Steve thanks him and leaves the other two men to talk.
“Did he apologise?”
Which is why Steve is tapping his code in the keypad of the door. It slides open, and Tony’s music cuts off abruptly. The genius glances up at Steve, smiles tightly, then goes back to staring at the holoscreen.
“Captain Rogers has been dreaming for nearly half an hour, unresponsive to my attempts of waking him up for five minutes.”
“I did, just...never really listened when someone told me I needed to be resting.”
He sees her gaze shift to the card and lunges for it, but he's too late, it's already in her hand. She reads the message, her eyes growing wide.
“I’ve, uh, had some time to think over the last day or two. And… I think it might be a good idea to go back into counseling. What do you think? I’ll go if you want me to.”
“You’re worse than a cat, DUM-E, you know that, right? Or maybe a dog. I dunno, I’ve never had either of them before. Couldn’t. Too many allergies. And my asthma would have killed me if we could’ve afforded a pet. Which we couldn’t. Not enough money, not enough food.” Steve shrugs and buffs out a smudged fingerprint. “I like to think I didn’t miss out on much. I mean, there wasn’t much I could do anyway, even if we’d had a dog. Think Tony’d let me have a dog now? I’m healthy enough to take care of it, right?”
“Thirty, thirty-five. Lost count after the first wave. Thanks,” she murmurs as she takes the water bottle he holds out. “Stark really outdid himself when he programmed this.”
“Which one did you sleep with to make it happen, Tony Stark or Captain Rogers?”
He's just pulled on a fresh change of clothes when a knock sounds at the door. Steve peeks through the peephole and sees a familiar head of dark hair. He pulls the door open and steps back, letting Tony enter.
Natasha sees him first, immediately jumping to her feet when he comes into sight. The rest of the group follows suit, and Tony can’t contain his proud smile.
“Wanna know how I found out?” At Natasha’s far too enthusiastic nod, Pepper points her chopsticks at Tony. “I walked in on him and some blonde making out in the workshop. It took a lot of alcohol before I believed him that the blonde was actually Steve.”
"Doesn't mean either of us has to like it." Tony steps away to pull the other stool closer. Once he's sitting, he stares at Steve's profile, his heart clenching painfully in his chest. "I hate that this is hurting you."
The day started off like any other: The alarm sounded at precisely 6:30, though as usual, he was already out of bed and had been since before six o’clock. Steve ate his normal Friday-morning breakfast of scrambled eggs and avocado on dry toast, swallowing it down with a glass of orange juice. He then took his customary shower, brushed his teeth, and got dressed. By the time he got out the door, the clock had just switched to 7:10 and the cleaning crew was letting themselves into the apartment across the hall. Pleasantries exchanged and his door locked, Steve set off down the stairs, out the main entrance, and in the direction of work.
“I miss you,” he mumbles because it needs repeating again.
of you, but don’t do it again. That’s not how we do things around here.”
“If I were to be found out for having interfered, I… I do not even wish to speak of the consequences I would face. I broke the oath I took so long ago, but I do not regret this decision. You have proven yourselves worthy of the title bestowed upon you ー Earth's mightiest heroes. Stay together, no matter what happens. More than just Earth and its inhabitants will need you soon. In less time than I fear.
… … … …
“See ya 'round, Tony. Bye, punk.”
________
Thankfully, the child keeps his head tilted back as Steve massages shampoo into his hair then rinses it out; Steve makes sure to keep one hand cupped around the top of Peter’s forehead to prevent soapy water from dripping into his eyes. Peter tugs the washcloth from Steve’s hand once it’s coated in body wash, claiming he can scrub himself. To Steve’s complete surprise, the kid isn’t lying: Hhe can even reach the middle of his back with just a little bit of contorting. Even more unexpected is the fact that Peter is ready to get out of the bath as soon as he’s rinsed off. Steve helps him towel-dry then goes in search of
“Yeah sure. I think a nice shot of tequila will fix that right up.”
The Rogers and Barnes families (plus Tony) go out to lunch. Sam and his family part ways with them in the parking lot where he meets up with a scary, beautiful redhead and her scary, beautiful parents and drive off.  When their party arrives at a nice restaurant downtown, Tony considers paying for everyone’s meal. He briefly wonders if that would be terribly ostentatious, then sees the Jimmy Choo’s on Bucky’s mom’s feet, and decides that he will cover the Rogers family and himself. Steve orders a steak and his mom gets lobster and they order a bottle for the table. Everyone is laughing and drinking (except for Bucky’s youngest sister Rebecca, who’s off to NYU in the fall) and Tony is so full of love he can hardly find room for food.
Steve sighs, because yeah it’s not what he said but he wishes it were, “I said I think I might love you maybe a little,” he admits, and rolls over. His stomach doesn’t come with him.
this,” Tony spits.
“Are you exclusive? I know you stopped fucking around with Duke on 87th, and Jimmy from school, and David who works at that hotel, and even Rumlow, who you seem to have been fucking since-,”
Tony chuckles lowly and sits down next to Steve before pulling Steve’s bony feet into his lap. He produces a lighter from his pocket as well, and twists off the cap of the Corona, “No baby, you go ahead,” and presses play. Steve is so in love he can hardly breathe.
“I got you a surprise,” Steve admits. Tony damn near applauds.
He’d pouted, “But
. His cock throbs in the confines of his pants, hardening even though next to nothing has happened. Eve’s voice just has a timbre to it that makes him want more, the way she moves is electric and intimidating, Tony can’t help himself when he holds onto her just a little tighter.
it. He’s never wanted anything the way he wants Steve.
“But the west coast isn’t the same. They’re all trendy, uptight stiffs-,”
“Anyway: your pity party, not mine. I don’t mind being single. And I know when I eventually am in a relationship with an intelligent young woman I’ll have the emotional wherewithal to enjoy being in love with her instead of doing whatever it is you’re doing.”
Also, there are dates. And not just the “let’s kick it at your place and pass a bong back and forth before I stick my dick in you” type of dates, but actual honest to God “please put on a tie and take out your nose piercing at
“Yes, baby. Two fingers of the ’78 Glenglassaugh for me. Do you want?”
Tony smiles, “One day. I don’t know when. I’ve had it since…your sophomore year.” He climbs back into bed and presents Steve with the ring. His brain is swimming, like he can’t think about anything at all. Tony feels like a harlequin romance protagonist, swept away by love and the throes of passion.
“Captain Rogers,” he says breezily, “I have to say I’m surprised you took me up on my offer.”
“Anything you want daddy, anything at all.”
“Oh yes, that too.”
,” she moans. It’s the sweetest noise, high and fine and needy in a way that Toni would generally not allow.
“He’s been here since last night. Jane next door hit him and we took him to the vet and they saved him, like I said they would. And now he’s here.”
“What?”
He just
, but Steve likes it, loves giving it up to Tony. He comes with a plaintive wail of his boyfriend’s name, high on endorphins and affection.
“Thank you, doll,” he sighs. Steve practically preens and presses himself closer to the ground. He doesn’t allow the tray to wobble and Tony certainly notices this “You’re absolutely perfect. Daddy’s gonna take such good care of you.”
“You’re…kidding, right? I don’t want that to be true.”
“That’s it gorgeous, that’s it. You’re so welcome baby, you deserve it, you’re so lovely,” Tony tells Steve, who whimpers and reaches out for Tony. Tony kneels on the bed and takes Steve’s face in his hands, kissing him hard as he works through the aftershocks.
, she probably wears a size fucking 5 ring or something absolutely insane like that, and Tony’s thickened cock looks huge next to her little palm. He can only imagine what it’ll look like when he’s fully hard in her grip, he would bet that she’d even use both hands. Tony pushes her panties to one side and traces over the wet, throbbing swell of her lips, so sweet and fat with arousal that it makes him groan. He can’t wait to get his mouth on her and says as much as his fingers flick through her sticky wetness. Tony doesn’t give her any fingers though, he wants her good and needy before he gives her any penetration at all. This is his favorite part of casual sex, the part where you get to imagine any and everything you want, the part where you get to figure your partner out. People are so easy to pick apart when it comes to sex; even the most composed people become babbling idiots and Tony likes having that power over people. If he knows anything he knows sex, and he knows just about every trick in the book to get his partners horny and desperate.
,” Steve cries, his hips still grinding in search of friction he won’t get. Tony laughs.
Steve laughs, his shoulders still tense with the mention of the west coast, “I’m into raves.”
“Okay, you’re my second favorite person. He’s had his time, now it’s yours. I get you all to myself now, I like it. Is that a crime?” Tony considers the possibility that Steve is annoyed with his constant hanging on, and that sends a small swoop of fear through him. For them it’s rare that Tony goes to sleep next to Steve
“You’re an artist?” Pepper gasped, “Give me your name!”
So Steve stands on wobbly legs and sets the tray over on his bedside table. He wanders back over to Tony, his mind cloudy and ears filled with cotton as he drifts deeper and deeper into subspace. Tony pats the bed next the him and Steve climbs up, nuzzles his face into Tony’s neck, “I miss you daddy,” he breathes, “Been thinkin’ bout your cock all night,” he admits. Tony chuckles at him, ruffles his hair once more.
“Right. Bucky told me he’d get his ass kicked every day for me when we were like freshmen in high school. It completely solidified our friendship,” Steve points out, lazily making his way towards the stairs. Just being in the same room as Bucky is getting him a little high and if he wants to stay awake while attending this lame ass show in this stupid hipster bar in Bed-Stuy then he needs to be stone sober. Plus, this conversation has taken an uncomfortable turn towards painfully familiar territory and he’d rather not get into a verbal axe battle with a teenage girl. It’s below him, to be quite frank, and he’s mostly gotten over his passionate hatred of being thought to be Bucky’s claimed piece of ass. The insinuation has become a lot less offensive now that Steve has a healthy respect for his specific brand of sex appeal and doesn’t get all bent out of shape when people assume that the only guy he could pull ever would have to be his previously mostly straight best friend.
Steve and Sam, who walks into the kitchen to find alcohol probably, share a look of complete and utter disbelief at this logic.
“Well of course I’m flustered! You’re sitting in
“-and I saw her and she looked like she was going to fucking cry or something so I
“Yes daddy,” Steve’s eyes drift shut, “you’re all I could think about. You look so good in your suits.”
“Baby,” she sighs, starting to grind her hips in a slow circle. Steve sticks his tongue out when she does this, just holds still while she takes that pleasure from him, “Baby, your
“Yes,” Sam says regretfully.
“No!” Steve exclaims, more passionately than the situation probably calls for, “We’re not leaving the food, what the hell? We’re just gonna rush up the stairs quicker. If you made me breakfast in bed I’m eating that shit in bed. Type of classless dames
“I missed you too much,” Tony admits with a dopey grin of his own. They hold hands for the entirety of the 15 minute drive. Steve lets Tony open the door for him when they arrive, the back of his neck going a sweet pink.
“Show me,” Tony snorts.
“Yeah.”
means. Business.
“You comin’ to the show tonight?” Clint asks him, screaming over the music. The vein in his neck bulges in a sort of unappetizing way so Steve decides that he actually maybe doesn’t need food. The song in the living room changes to something by Archers of Loaf and Steve nearly groans at Bucky’s taste in whiny alt music.
“It used to be…?”
Steve has pressed a ring into hand, palmed between them like some kind of secret deal. Tony looks down at him, incredulous. He’s frozen right where he is, shock running through his veins just as quickly as his blood. He stares at the ring; it’s a simple gold
“And I gagged you on them. That’s right baby, I shoved my fingers down your throat until you couldn’t breathe. You looked so fucking pretty, did you know that? Keep talking sweetheart, you’re gonna make me come in your perfect ass,” Tony groans. Steve is close too, he’s so close and he wants to come so badly. He just needs a little more, just needs to hear Tony tell him.
“They’ll appreciate it if they want my money,” Tony shrugs, “And also: I don’t care. I don’t want to be there without you. That’s it, really. I just want to be able to see you, and I don’t want to be alone. Like, okay yeah, Pepper will be there, but she won’t sleep in my bed and wait for me to bring her breakfast. Or suck my cock.”
“Are you guys sure you wanna bring her in here?” Bucky asks when they pull into a spot across the street from the venue. He looks in the rearview at Clint who shrugs.
, Stevie baby taste it, taste it,” as she comes. There’s a rush of liquid as Toni’s cunt clenches and unclenches repeatedly; he can feel the slight flexing on his chin. Toni is immobilized, her muscles going marble hard as he suckles at her clit until she pushes on his forehead and whines, “
Steve chuckles darkly, “Sweet thing I can tell,” he reaches up to get a hand in Tony’s hair again, and doesn’t miss the way the other man goes almost completely limp when he fists the curls there and pulls Tony’s ear to his mouth, never slowing his hand on their dicks, “You’re so fucking
“Right. Screw the food,” Tony says, turning away with the tray and starting towards the kitchen again.
Tony’s own graduation is a less extravagant affair, but he doesn’t mind. His mom and Howard had come when he got his bachelor’s so he doesn’t feel slighted when they don’t make it for this one. Jarvis comes down though and he nearly cries. Steve comes too, of course, along with Pepper and Rhodey. They go out for lunch as well and there aren’t as many loud voices and boisterous laughter but it’s very nice. At the ripe old age of 24 Tony finally feels like he’s content with his life. There probably isn’t a better time to propose, right? When you feel secure in your relationship and you’re stable and everything is going swimmingly. That’s when you propose.
The 6 of them pack their stuff and go though, because each of them have family and other priorities to attend to. Sam is going to D.C. for a summer internship, Rhodey is going right along with him to basically be an errand boy for Pentagon big wigs, Pepper is clerking in Boston. Steve, Tony, and Bucky are going back home to New York. They part ways sunburnt and sentimental.
“How’s that for ya? Little pain whore, huh, you’re feeling good?”
“At least Midtown by now,” Clint shrugs.
“I thought Rhodey was your favorite person. Why aren’t you hanging off his limbs like a leech?”
And Steve didn’t mind one bit. The way Tony treated him when they fucked like this was no different than how Tony always treated him; as if he were precious, worth being protected instead of always being the protector. Tony looms over him now, eyes heavy lidded and dark with primal desire, hips snapping forward slowly but harshly and thrusting his hard cock deep inside of Steve, rubbing the fat head of his dick right up against his prostate.
Tony pauses, “Sketchy?”
When Steve senses that Toni is getting desperate, he changes his techniques. Stiffening his tongue, he licks around her opening the way she likes. Toni’s in the perfect position to shift her hips just so, allowing his tongue to slip inside of her briefly. With each pass he makes, Toni moves so that she can feel the slight weight of his tongue in her cunt, spreading her just so, tasting her insides. With each thrust Toni shudders and groans, and her right leg twitches involuntarily.
Steve pulls away, “What?” he asks, sitting up and staring down at the shirtless man in Tony’s bed.
Kissing over the twitching, pink whorl tightening around his fingers, Tony mumbles, “You’re welcome sweetheart. Put your hand back on your cock and come for daddy, hm?”
“She’s not gonna drink. Just here for the music. Worst comes to worst she’s DD.”
Steve’s pretty sure Tony’s different because he feels different with Tony. In the past he’s been known to get around some; so much so that a few of the guys he regularly fuck with hit him up and ask him where he’s been and he doesn’t feel the slightest need to make up excuses and try to ensure that they’ll hang on to whatever thin thread there is connecting them to one another. He ignores them and he doesn’t feel guilty and he doesn’t tell himself he’s being stupid; he doesn’t tell himself that he’s going to need one of them sometime soon and blowing them off will bite him in the ass eventually. He finds that he is alright with only having Tony pay attention to him; Tony would never not answer when Steve needs him just because he didn’t suck his cock the way he wanted him to the night before. And Tony keeps his time pretty occupied. He figures that’s reason enough.
“Of course it’ll be worth it. It’s gonna be fucking spectacular,” Bucky scoffs, and then lights one of his own, “I can’t believe your shoes.”
The rest of the day isn’t nearly as eventful. Bucky comes home maybe three hours later with his car, wearing a leather jacket with nothing underneath like some kind of wannabe, and holding the hand of a girl about Steve’s size who looks scared out of her mind and totally out of place. It’s Kate Bishop. After taking in the sight of the classic pre war architecture of the building, the real hardwood floors, and crown molding, she also takes in the sight of Steve in one of Bucky’s Pink Floyd tees and his underwear on the couch next to the Dog Box, sipping tequila out of a milk jug and smoking a bowl with Sam and introduces herself politely. Steve can see why Clint was so endeared. Her chin’s jutted out confidently and clenched nervously, and her hand must holding Bucky’s incredibly tightly, because all of the muscles in her right arm are tensed. She surveys them cleverly, like she’s trying to do it without them noticing, and Steve ignores this to introduce himself and Sam and call Clint down from his room. Kate takes a ginger seat on one of the stools in front of the breakfast bar.
“Come on Tones,” he says, gently poking him. The older man blinks himself awake, the lines around his mouth soft and Steve wants to kiss him stupid, wants to put this down on paper to remember forever.
“So all of you live here?” she asks conversationally. Bucky turns on the TV and takes off his jacket, which she doesn’t even make an attempt to watch even though most people would. Even the most prim and proper girls in town would give Buck a second look. The loveseat groans as Bucky throws himself into it.
,” he whined, throwing another shirt into his bag. He’d only be in Providence for like a week but he had at least two weeks’ worth of clothes packed. If he stopped packing Pepper was gonna keep talking to him. At least this way he could kind of ignore her until she caught a hint.
Tony blinks, surprised to find that the reason for his suddenly very blurry vision is not a stroke or fainting spell but
“Point. So what? You just wanted out? I can understand that.”
“So I think I may be a little in love with you,” Steve tells him as they stare at the sea of a bed in front of him. He then promptly throws himself onto the mattress face first. His own cheeks are burning bright red, he knows it, and he has no desire to look Tony in the eyes after that embarrassing mess. Hell, he hadn’t even wanted the man to catch him staring while they were walking through the house, and at least that’s excusable. Declaring love, on the other hand, cannot be dismissed by mere horniness.
and just—I finally have a life, yknow, outside of studying in a hospital bed. I don’t want to…”
And that’s the ride back to the house. Everyone groans, except for Clint who slurs and claps drunkenly, “Nice,” he says, “r-round two.”
Steve sighs and grimaces, “Yes. So much.”
Tony can’t even feel his hands when Steve takes them in his own. He can barely hear what his husband to be is saying because the rush of his own blood is pounding in his ears like a bass line. This is the moment Tony has imagined so many times, the few glorious seconds he has to tell Steve exactly what he means to Tony, what their relationship has done for his life. He has two very important words to say as well—words that he’s spent years agonizing over. Tony has dreamt it a million times with various different outcomes, like he had run the simulation as many times as possible.
“This was great Tones,” Rhodey tells him as they longue on the back deck. The sun is setting and Sam and Bucky are splashing around in the pool. Steve is sleeping under a towel in the chair next to Tony, his hand reached out as if looking for his boyfriend even in slumber. Tony feels drowsy with contentment.
“For how long?”
“Very fitting for 16-year-old, punk rocker Steve Rogers.”
, ow!” and Tony chuckles.
“Thank you daddy. Th-thank you for helping me.”
Steve and Bucky both give her a confused look, “No?” Bucky says, “Why would it have been?”
kick your ass to Jersey and back and this guy thought I was jokin’ so I shoved him. And as soon as I did it Nat comes out of the bathroom and the guy don’t even care that I’m trynna fight ‘im, he’s just throwing bodies outta the way to get to her and I’m like fuck no you’re not, so I grab him by the back of his shirt just as Steve grabs me by the back of mine and we all end up on the floor. Long story short, the guy was big and slow and I’m slippery as a motherfuckin’ snake okay Kate, so I start wailing on the son of a bitch, like I’m seriously fuckin’ his shit the fuck up-,”
to be doing so, and thinks to himself that the atmosphere immediately upon entering the place is so corny he wants to die. He’s already itching for a drink to escape the ranting confines of his mind when a hand taps him lightly on the shoulder and he turns around to face a man of the suave handsome variety.
“Don’t think this changes anything,” Steve grunts when he collects himself. Tony just rolls his eyes, knowing for a fact that this changes everything.
“You know you don’t really act like it,” he laughs meanly, “You really don’t fucking act like it. And look, Steve, you’re cute, you’re funny, you’re fantastic in the sack, but you know all that. And you know that plenty of other men will play this game with you because of it, so if this is just
“I think that’s why he’s getting so blowed right now!”
“So you’re just being a good Samaritan?”
The next morning is like a scene out of that movie Pretty Woman. Steve wakes up in this huge lavish chamber of a bedroom, naked and tangled in Egyptian cotton with a thread count that probably reads like a paycheck. There’s come dried on his hip, he can feel the pillow lines creasing his face, and when he throws his legs over the side of the bed there’s a huge molten bruise on his thigh that looks like the beginnings of gangrene. His ass is sore in an overwhelmingly positive way and he smiles to himself, despite waking up alone, and wraps himself in a sheet to plod out of the bedroom and towards the stairs, which he walks down somehow without tripping and braining himself on the wall or banister.
too,” Tony tells him, waving the DVD in Steve’s face before going to pop it into the console. Steve looks up at him and smiles, a big easy smile that takes up most of his face.
This time, Steve snorts, “Most definitely,” and then the bartender is putting the drinks in front of him. Tony slides his credit card over and tells the guy to start a tab. He helps carry the drinks over to the table.
Natasha mutters, “Finally,” and tugs Bucky towards the car. Everyone else, in their drunken stupor, has no choice but to follow after her.
,” she yells, louder than she’s been for the entire ride. She tenses up, both of her hands moving from their previous positions to grab at her nipples and
When he wakes, Tony has turned off all the lights, opened the windows, lit three candles, and brought in a tray of apple slices and cheese for them to enjoy. He’s obviously cleaned them up, as Steve isn’t sticky with dried come or smelling of rancid sweat, and he’s even tucked Steve under the covers, the duvet up to his chin. Steve snuffles, reaching for the other man even as he crosses the room from the doorway to kneel on the floor next to the bed.
Nat rolls her eyes, “James and I are going to dinner with my father tomorrow after I’m done with class and I wasn’t sure if it would be a good idea to not only show up to school looking like I’ve been in a mosh pit, but to bring James to meet my father looking like he’s been in a mosh pit.”
The ring is purchased and it sits in a velvet lined box in his sock drawer at the mansion all summer. Tony wants to say something, he wants to tell Steve that his heart beats for him, that he’s the only thing Tony has ever needed in the world, that he’s indescribably precious to Tony, but he can’t make himself do it. Sometimes Tony gets dizzy with how much he loves Steve, but he can’t put that pressure on Steve’s shoulders. He’s not that much older than his boyfriend but their childhoods were exceptionally different. Tony has seen the burden of loving Stark men and he doesn’t want to trap Steve when he’s going off to face a brave new world. Pepper tells him he’s being a melodramatic martyr and while she may be pretty close to right, Tony cannot will himself to propose. He wants Steve to have a reminder of Tony’s dedication to him but it isn’t necessary. He can wait. He knows that Steve is his.
Tony knows that he has, objectively, been acting very strange. In the past few weeks he’s spent an inordinate amount of time staring pathetically at Steve as he goes about normal every day tasks, zoning out in the middle of conversations to fantasize about their hypothetical honeymoon, and internally weeping at the other man’s beauty. It’s becoming a problem. He used to be guilty of spending too much time at the lab at MIT but now all he wants to do is be near Steve, so he’s blown off work more in the last month than he had in the last year. It’s probably extremely noticeable. He’s being very needy. At one point it could’ve been chalked up to excitement over cohabitation, but the situation has now reached a point where he’s offered to buy Steve a car 6 times and have his private chef fly to Sarah Rogers’s house to make her soup when she catches a cold. Steve probably thinks he’s about to have some kind of insecurity induced breakdown. Tony will admit that he’s not far off the mark.
“Tony, Tony, Tony,” she chants, before all of Eve’s language skills devolve into her only being able to make this needy, wrecked
, Tony brings his hand up to Steve’s face and presses three of his fingers to the blonde’s lips, “Suck,” he instructs gently, and Steve lets the digits slip past his lips to rest on his tongue. He bobs his head upon and down, licks between Tony’s fingers, lets them press all the way to the back of his throat until he gags slightly. Tony does it again, just to listen to the noise. When he pulls his fingers free they’re slick with Steve’s saliva, which makes for pretty good lube when Tony wraps his hand around their cocks. Steve gasps at the contact, already having gone sensitive and needy while waiting for Tony to get with the program. Kissing the sound right off his lips, Tony begins stroking them, gathering the wetness from his tip and spreading it over them so that all Steve can focus on is the wet slide of them.
Clint takes a drink, “Well. Usually when you date someone, you spend a lot of time with them. And then you fall in love,” he says practically.
“It’s adorable,” she had cooed as she watched him pack his things. Midterms were finally over for him (though Harvard students like herself still had another week of testing) and Tony was burnt out. He wanted a break before he had to return and start working on his dissertation. School had never been difficult for Tony but he was a perfectionist and wouldn’t accept anything less than stellar marks for himself. The past few weeks had been an indescribable hell filled with massive study sessions and enough caffeine to raise a dead person.
This fear means Steve starts avoiding Tony, just a little. He goes to work and he goes home and when Tony calls the house he tells Clint to tell him he’s at work. If Tony’s walks into Mel’s he’ll talk to him and they’ll fall into their easy rhythm and then Tony will invite him to the penthouse and Steve will freeze right up again, making excuses and lying about working new hours or going to see his mom or
In other versions he just stands there, tongue cut out of his mouth and drooling blood all over the nice three piece suit dream Pepper picked. Or maybe he attempts to say the words and Steve laughs, his face twisting into an unfamiliar cruel mask that makes Tony’s stomach sour. Sometimes (the worst times) Tony wants to say the words and then his brain starts making louder noises than his mouth and he just
“Baby aren’t you a sight for sore eyes,” Tony chuckles. Steve watches a bead of sweat trickle down the side of his neck and wishes that he could lick it up, taste the salty musk of Tony right now. “Wish you could see yourself. Maybe I’ll fuck you in front of a mirror one day. How’d you like that, champ? Seeing how strung out and fucking gorgeous you look, panting and writhing on my cock?”
“You can’t just pick up teenaged girls, Clint,” Sam sighs, walking into the house and slamming the front door behind him. Technically, this is only his place. His grandma left it to him when she moved to Boca a few years ago and instead of getting smart and moving some of his more responsible boot camp friends into the spare rooms upstairs, he decided to start a home for wayward punks he met in elementary school. Steve usually feels bad for Sam; he’s surrounded by as many idiots as Steve and doesn’t even have the option to threaten to move out every time he’s angry. He sits on top of the breakfast bar and eats his oatmeal quietly.
When they reach the penthouse, Tony is done pretending. He doesn’t speak, but Steve can sense the change in him, and tony just points at the bedroom door commandingly. It makes Steve want to whimper, go down to his knees and beg to be used however Tony sees fit, but Steve figures they’ll get to that soon enough, so he follows his instructions. Tony doesn’t follow after him immediately, but that’s nothing new. Steve just makes his way to the closet and begins undressing. His section full of tailored suits is a lot less extensive and a lot more boring than Tony’s, so different that it’s almost comical. Whenever Steve looks over their things after a gala or dinner or banquet, he never feels like more of the sugar baby everyone assumes he is. On his side of the closet there are a few tuxedos, some suits in dark blues, blacks, and grays, three Rolexes, and multiple huge, chunky rings that are only ever worn by someone as unapologetically extra as Tony. The casual wear is no less opulent, all Fendi, Dolce & Gabbana, and fucking Balenciaga, and mostly chosen by Tony and Pepper. When he had moved in with Tony his wardrobe had consisted of mostly Brown hoodies, worn out blue jeans, and checkered button downs. Now Steve has a taste for Valentino. Almost nothing he owns wasn’t purchased by Tony, and they both like it that way; Tony likes seeing Steve dressed up in things he purchased, and Steve likes wearing things Tony has picked out for him. He feels owned, but in the sweetest possible way.
Back in the bedroom, Steve is lying perfectly still on the bed, looking dreamy and breathing deeply. The silver chain resting between Steve’s pecs looks absolutely lovely against his skin and if Tony were more creative he’d be inclined to draw this image. It’s mind-blowingly erotic. Tony sits down on the bed and takes Steve’s huge hands in his, attaching the cuffs to his wrists in front of his body.
He and Steve go about their normal routines and pretend like nothing’s going to change. Steve packs up his dorm for the very last time and rents a storage unit in Providence because he doesn’t want to burden his mom with all of his crap while he’s gone. Summer begins and they spend the first three weeks at the Stark property in Malibu. Steve burns for a few days before peeling and revealing a particularly mouthwatering tan. He’s dusted with freckles, his blonde hair is bleached by the sun, and he spends hours and hours floating in the pool or down by the shore drawing. It’s perfect and peaceful and Tony savors every moment of it because he knows Steve can’t be all his forever. The last week that they spend there Tony invites their friends, buying plane tickets and all, and then everyone is holed up in the house like a little family. Pepper, Rhodey, Sam, and Bucky all pick rooms in the mansion and while they’ve met before they’ve never had to spend this much time together. Sam and Bucky are engaged in a permanent cat fight from what Tony understands, but Bucky and Pepper get along very well, as do Sam and Rhodey. He’s pretty sure Pepper is ready to trade Tony for Bucky by the end of the week. Despite being thrown on the chopping block, Tony is very happy. He has more than two friends now, and they’re good ones. None of them want anything from him, but he’s willing to give all he’s got.
Steve’s roommates don’t make their return until late afternoon. Bucky, Natasha, Sam, and Clint pour into the foyer, dragging leaves and cool air in behind them. Natasha has a giant teddy bear stuffed under her arm, Cint’s nose has a bandage over his nose that is slightly soaked through with blood, but they’re all grinning from ear to ear.
And this time Steve flinches because he really has been burned, “What the fuck?” he snaps, shoving Tony’s chest now. The man barely budges and his eyes are sparkling with anger.
Steve works on Saturday too but he doesn’t hate his job so he doesn’t really mind all that much. Mel is a pretty cool boss, he never calls Steve on his off days or rushes him off of his breaks and the ambiance of his place is pretty cool, if a little dry and sort of catnip for lame ass NYU students and wannabe Kurt Cobain groupies. Steve doesn’t mind them though, they make his paychecks. He doesn’t have hard laborious hours to work and then when he’s off he has the energy to do things like yell at his roommates and have illicit sex with one of their neighbors and make art. It’s a pretty decent setup.
It’s a ring.
“That’s why you’ll be
“Hey,” Steve and Bucky both whine. Natasha rolls her eyes before focusing on the scene she’s just walked in on. The silicone bong (supposedly a myth) is still out, for one thing, there are 5 more bottles of Corona on the table, the remains of Chinese takeout and (shamefully) a newly opened pack of cigarettes. Steve expects her to read him the riot act and deliver a lecture on the fragile state of his own health but instead she throws the cigarettes at Steve and yanks the blankets off Steve and Tony and smiles.
, I d-didn’t wanna breathe.”
this,” he grinds out, his voice going high and breathless. Steve is right; Tony’s thought about this for months, but he’d never admit it. Instead, he yanks Rogers into a kiss, licking past his full bottom lip and sucking on his tongue. Steve groans then, and his pace picks up even further. Fucking his hips forward, shaking the bed even, Steve spits on their cocks and lets out a low rumble, almost a growl. It’s so primal, so red hot and sexy that it sends Tony over the edge first, his dick pulsing and shooting stripes of come over the both of them, painting his stomach. Steve isn’t long after, coming all over Tony’s spent cock and rubbing it in even, watching intently as Tony goes soft in his hands.
“What did you get yourself into this morning?”
“Oh my gosh, it’s just too sweet for words. You’re all flustered.”
“Yes?” he says with a quirk of his eyebrow. His aforementioned specific brand of sensuality exists mostly in the form of heavy handed and abrasive flirting that only gets him into bed with self centered assholes, and he sure hopes this guy fits the mold because he’s sort of super hot. Steve doesn’t usually go for older guys, if Rumlow is to be excused, but this man is really doing it for him. He’s lean and pretty, with a nice goatee that Steve wants to feel in between his thighs and a headful of hair that looks soft to the touch.
Tony growls in her ear, “That’s it pretty girl, you’re so goddamn cute, rubbing that greedy little cunt all over me. You just couldn’t wait huh? We weren’t far from home at all baby, you couldn’t wait twenty fucking minutes to get yourself off?” Tony laughs a little meanly, teasing her, and Eve whimpers when he does, “That’s okay though princess, don’t you worry your pretty little head about it, you just make yourself come. That’s all you care about anyway right? Getting that pretty pussy off?”
Well Steve is feeling this consuming, eating thing inside of himself and it hurts and Tony looks so lost and cracked open and it’s a lot. This is a lot for him to take in because he’s pretty sure he just admitted that he’s
“Oh good,” Steve breathes. Nosing past the neat curls of her pubic hair, Steve buries his face in her cunt. She’s so wet already, like always. Steve slowly licks the lips of her pussy, gone fat with arousal, just running the tip of his tongue over her sensitive skin. Toni gasps quietly, holding her breath and clenching one hand into a fist. She always gets so worked up and it’s so fucking cute that Steve can’t help but smile as he sucks her labia into his mouth, one and then the other. Toni whimpers. It’s such a great tease because both of them know that this isn’t about his skill or the mood or anything like that. This is just about Tony. Steve’s cock is slowly stiffening in his briefs but he ignores this in favor of giving her all of his attention. He opens his mouth wide and licks around her slick opening, feeling Toni’s poor, empty pussy clench in anticipation as he continues his ministrations. Toni is still quiet up above him, but her eyes are drifting closed as she starts to lose herself. She moves her hand to his hair.
“I’m a fan of Silver 1800, myself,” Steve states with a slow, innocent blink.
It’s quiet in the house as they step together and hug. Steve is completely naked and the only article of clothing tony is missing is a pair of pants, but they hang on to each other like limpets for a few shaky moments that Steve takes to ease the flow of tears he can feel wanting to fall. He refuses to cry right now. He just needs this, just wants this. Knowing that it’s okay to want this makes it easier to breathe.
“Well there’s the problem. You want to be,” he shrugs.
“This is ridiculous,” Steve scoffs, breaking the moment, “Next time you pull some shit like that, I’m benching you Stark. I’m not gonna argue with you like—like we’re children.” He turns to walk away and for some reason, Tony just can’t let it go. Something about confrontation with Rogers is terribly intoxicating, and Tony is loathe to admit that he seeks the thrill of it occasionally. There’s just something about ruffling Rogers’s feathers, seeing him be a little less sure of himself, that satisfies a mean, hungry part of Tony’s mind.
Once the three of them are settled in the car, Steve and Tony banished to the back seats, Bucky sets off for Natasha’s place. She lives in a much nicer area than them, in this complex of condos in Tribeca that her family owns. Her grandmother purchased this building specifically for Nat to live in when she finally moved out of her parents house so that she could commute to NYU without too much hassle. The same amount of time Steve has been spending getting to know Tony, getting to
“Yeah?”
Steve is silent for a moment, he takes a bite of oatmeal, then swallows and says, “So now where’s the truck?”
“I’m not worried,” he retorted petulantly. And then he finished packing and they grabbed some drive thru before he dropped Pepper at her building and he started driving towards Providence.
“I didn’t mean to,” Clint says apologetically, “she was just so alone, y’know? And I had to do something.”
me. And it- I fucking love you or some crazy shit like that and I don’t even know if you like me you goddamned prick! And it sucks, okay I have to say, it really fucking sucks that I don’t know if you’re still fucking the hundred other guys you were screwing before me, or if you deal with me for the money, or… or whatever! It’s awful and I hate it, I hate this!” he screams back, and with every rising octave Steve takes a step back. Tony, soft, cool Tony, has never been like this. Steve yells and raves and Steve gets angry but never Tony. This is scary, this is wild. This, right here, is a forest fire nearing the suburbs, this is a drug epidemic in the suburbs. Steve doesn’t know what to do or say because everything Tony just told him is an inescapable truth that has caused damage that needs recovery. There is no remedying it now. He can’t even be mad that Tony has just called him a slut, the one version of himself Anthony Stark has never known him as. To Tony he’s always been Steve, his Steve, and to suddenly be slapped in the face with the knowledge that he was
“Of course,” Tony murmurs. His hands find Steve’s waist, holding him right about the band of Steve’s boxers, and his fingers draw a soft pattern on the ridge of Steve’s hipbone. It’s relaxing and comfortable, and they just stand there in the kitchen and hug for a while because they can. It feels better to do this here, in the brownstone, than in the penthouse. Tony doesn’t even really like it there, and if Steve is honest there’s nothing particularly relaxing about the island of Manhattan.
“I dunno Tony. I feel like you’ve got a secret,” Steve says quietly, but the conversation is dropped when he presses a sweet kiss to Tony’s forehead
Steve’s sort of bored after work so he goes to Rumlow’s. Bucky won’t be home until midnight, so he won’t be able to talk shit, Sam goes to bed at reasonable hours, and Clint gets up to all types of weird shit in the night so his judgment doesn’t matter. Rumlow helps him occupy his time and get much needed cardio workouts.
Tony pulls away, “I love you too, baby,” he pants, his lips brushing against Steve’s as he forms his words. Steve’s half hard up against Tony’s thigh, grinding himself there in desperate need for friction. Tony, ever the generous lover, shifts so that his thigh is pressed solidly against Steve’s cock. He balances his weight on his elbows so that he can take Steve’s face between his large, square palms and look Steve rights in the eye. He can’t help it, he tilts his hips forward, squirming towards the heavy weight of his boyfriend. He’s fully hard now, reveling in Tony’s half dressed, possessive glory, getting off on the way he’s being held down by Tony’s stare. They’re breathing heavily into each other’s mouths as Steve presses himself even closer, chasing the sweet tug of Tony’s sweatpants against him.
Tony yanks on the chain this time, hard and fast and mean, gives Steve a nasty smirk that has the other man biting his lip, “Oh I see. You’re a little pain slut. You like when I hurt you,” he teases. Steve’s face goes bright red, even the tips of his ears, but he nods eagerly. “Mmm, wonder how much you’ll like this.” And that’s all the warning Tony gives before he’s pulling on the chain so hard, the clamps pop free. Steve lets out a wail, a sob of ecstasy, and slams his fists into the mattress. His thighs tremble and he fucks up into the air, his fat, wet cockhead slapping against his abs with the force. Once he settles Tony trails a finger through the puddle of precome in the divots of Steve’s abs and pops it into his mouth. “Yum.”
And then, Tony remembers who he is and goes, “Surprise, beloved,” and Steve jumps about a foot in the air.
“So why the note?”
Tony thinks, absently, that he could marry Steve. Howard would have a fucking cow and Maria would probably spend a week praying and the media would shit a brick, but Tony could do it. He wants to do it, he finds himself musing as he drives. He turns his blinker on and switches lanes and imagines how he’d feel looking at his hands on the steering wheel and seeing a gold wedding band on one finger. It would feel even better looking over at Steve and seeing one that matched on his finger.
at this. He looks at Steve like he doesn’t even recognize him, and that hits Steve right in the gut. He’s absolutely bowled over by the furrow in Tony’s brow, the betrayal written all over the older man’s face as he shoves himself out of his own bed to escape Steve. There’s a burning sensation in the cavity of Steve’s chest that he’s pretty sure means he’s either having a heart attack or falling in love and he’s terribly scared.
They met at an art show. Tony and Pepper had been cruising a lot of galleries that season, trying to replenish the Stark collection to the best of their ability. Steve had begun to make a bit of a name for himself, at least in New York, so he’d been featured amongst some more popular modern artists despite his focus on hyperrealism. He’d been wandering around a bit, introducing himself to wealthy collectors, artists, and writers for websites and magazines, when he noticed a man being surrounded by photographers. No one but the press was meant to be taking photos, especially not with flash, so Steve had excused himself from the conversation he was involved in to walk over to the gaggle of people.
“It’s supposed to be sexy.”
, anything it takes to get away from Tony while he works this shit out. He figures it’s probably a really immature, dick move, something Bucky would do and probably has done, but he can’t stop himself. He’s freaking the fuck out, like he’s genuinely confused and sort of shook about every decision he’s made that’s led him up to these few weeks. He doesn’t know how he ended up fucking some rich guy from the Upper East Side who owns half the clubs in Brooklyn, let alone liking the man, and now he’s scared of being without him. How? How the fuck did this happen.
“Why?” Steve asks.
So they’re sitting on the couch together, Bucky sipping at a water bottle of wine and smoking a cigarette, Steve trying to pretend like he’s not asthmatic, the usual lame ass Tuesday afternoon shit that they do when Bucky goes, way too nonchalantly by the way: “So you and Tony?” and looks over at the blonde with his eyebrows raised like he’s already disagreed with whatever Steve is about to say and has prepared a speech about why Anthony Stark is a bag of worms.
with Steve. To give him up would mean to give up late nights learning about constellations, it would mean no more Chicago style pizza being flown in for their pleasure only; Steve would have to go back to the likes of Rumlow and Dave from the hotel and he’s loathe to admit it but Steve doesn’t want that for himself anymore. He wants to be selfish just this once and fucking keep this guy, hide him away and steal all of his goodness for himself, but he knows that’s not something he deserves. Because on the other hand, if Steve doesn’t give Tony up now Tony, a real Adult, is going to want things Steve doesn’t know how to offer. He’s going to want late night conversations about hopes and aspirations, he’s going to want to file
“I’m ready,” she says quietly. She has a look of hesitant excitement on her face, her brown eyes are clouded with the promise of sex, and she pinches and pulls one perfect nipple between her fingers.
This was to be expected though. Steve pretty much knew he’d be handling this whole “what are we?” thing by himself because Sam has really lame relationship advice, Clint is divorced, and absolutely wonderful women just so happen to fall coincidentally into Bucky’s lap. The weird couple from Mel’s are what got him into this shit in the first place so he can’t very well ask them what to do, they’d probably say the same thing Sam would.
Rogers must sense his need because her own hand slithers down between them and she follows the curve of his trapped dick with her fingers, jerking him off through his clothes. Her hand is
“Steve Rogers,” Steve introduced himself sheepishly. He stuck out his hand for Pepper to shake and before she could grasp his hand in hers, Tony stepped forward and threw his arm over Steve’s shoulder; and just like that he was Tony’s.
“Is that so honey? You sat at that bar daydreamin’ about having me inside you?”
Bucky pauses the music suddenly, “I can fucking
Which, by the way, is filled to the fucking brim with trinkets and knick knacks and goddamn drawings that belong to or are associated with Tony in some way. It’s like all 10X14 square feet of the place is a shrine to Tony Stark and it’s just
, please,” in a gasping, breathless tone. He’s never felt so pleased to watch the man above him shudder with need and desire and open want all because of him. And he’s never thought the daddy thing could be anything but sleazy until right now, until he sees the way Tony’s eyes darken and feels the grip he has on Steve’s small body get even tighter and wants
“Fuck, fuck,” Tony cries out, “Oh my goodness sweetheart you know just what I like, you’re so good to me, I fucking missed you, missed this,” he babbles. Steve twists his wrist, runs his thumb over Tony’s slit and presses in just a little because he really does know what his man likes, prompting a shocked moan to spring from Tony’s lips. He’s letting out soft little “
“Fucking rude, I have emotional wherewithal.”
“Why wouldn’t it be worth it?” Tony asks.
“Clint…” Sam starts, but doesn’t finish because he locates some vodka. Steve doesn’t even need to be able to see his face to know that it’s gone slack with relief. Living here is like a full time job most days.
kush. More like, Tony makes eye contact when they fuck and even lets Steve
When he pulls away, Tony blows over Steve’s nipple, the cool air causing them to stiffen even further. He tugs gently at the chain, watching as Steve’s face screws up in pain. He gasps and points his toes, like he wants to run away from the agony but can only lie there and take it. His muscles tense and flex deliciously with the movement. Tony pulls again. Steve cries out, “
This admittance leads to a bit of a mess.
“You big fucking baby, I am not. If you don’t want talk about how in l—if you can’t help but
“Yes.”
“Yeah,” he nods, “Don’t I always?”
There’s a lull during which Sam takes his own hit, and then, “Yeah it is. You don’t even gaze lovingly at Bucky.”
“What the h-?” he begins angrily, his adrenaline spiking once again when he’s met with the glaring face of Steve Rogers. They pause for one brief moment before their lips are crashing together in a clash of gnashing teeth and snarling breaths.
“It’s cute though,” Sam shrugs, passes Steve the pipe and lights the bowl for him again. It’s nice and easy, sitting in the living room and chatting with Sam like this. Lucky has even been let out of Clint’s room for the time being and he’s sitting under the coffee table like a good boy, sleeping peacefully. It’s a Sade kind of night and she croons softly to them while Steve sits and wallows in his own love induced misery. It’s not even like he doesn’t want to be in love with Tony or anything, because Tony’s a great boyfriend and everything is rainbows and sunshine between them at the moment, it’s just that this is super weird. Steve is pretty sure he’s not the kind of guy you settle down with, especially if you come from old money and run a series of successful businesses across the country. He’s positive Tony is completely out of his league and it feels almost selfish to keep him for himself, to have and to hold a man so gorgeous and perfect while people like Pepper Potts and Sam Wilson are single.
“I tried to be. I have really severe asthma though.”
for a pen or pencil as soon as they’re in Tony’s chartered car. It’s a black BMW and a man named Happy drives it to this glorious location in Malibu atop a hill. Steve nearly gags upon seeing it because what the
“I can’t believe you came right away,” Steve smiles at him in the car, “If you’d wanted to get some sleep and come in the morning I would’ve been fine.”
Before Tony, Steve didn’t really have a lot of experience. He’s always known his sexuality, has never questioned his ability to love and be attracted to men and women alike, but it’s not like he was putting that knowledge into practice very often. There had been people here and there, a few relationships, a few experimental fuckbuddies, and even the terribly rare one night stand. But sex with Tony was unlike sex with anyone else.
Steve resolutely does not smile to himself, “I want you there.”
Upstairs Steve shuts his door behind them and lights an incense. It’s the closest thing to romantic he has, and it would actually be nice for his room to not reek so much of paint thinner and weed. He strips out of his shirt and his boxers and throws himself back onto his bed and gazes up at Tony. Steve knows that this look does to his boyfriend and, just as expected, Tony’s eyes immediately go dark and hungry. There’s nothing sleepy left in his demeanor as he takes in the sight of Steve all laid out for him and it sends a wave of pleasure straight to Steve’s cock. He loves the way Tony looks at him, like he’s the only person in the world, like he’s Tony’s most valuable possession.
Steve sucks in a deep breath, his mind scrambling for the purchase of English language, “Oh god, oh god,” he pants. Tony leans down over him, pressing their chests together and bracing his forearms on either side of Steve’s head and winding his fingers through the short blonde hair. He pants against Steve’s neck, dampening the skin with his quick breaths. He starts a rhythm where he barely pulls out at all, just grinds his hips in this tooth numbing, dirty move that has his cock pressed up against Steve’s prostate at all time. Steve is impossibly sensitive from all that stimulation and now his own prick catches gently against the ridges of Tony’s sweaty abs. He takes another gulping breath, trying to focus on not floating away, drunk on the endless pleasure of being Tony’s. It’s just been such a long night; he sucked Tony off for at least 25 minutes, the other man petting his hair and telling him “Oh you sweet boy, my sweet baby, you’re so gorgeous with your mouth all stuffed full; Tony had sucked Steve’s dick while fingering him opening, stroking over his prostate like he was trying to coax noises out of him, only pausing the maddening suction on Steve’s angry, wet length to look up at him through long lashes and say “You taste so sweet baby boy, I could suck on your pretty pink cock for hours.”
Just as Tony has run out of sweet things to daydream about—having exhausted his mind with imaginary scenarios including languid make out sessions and slow dancing in the kitchen—he hears Steve’s footsteps on the stairs. He sits up and puts on his glasses, pulls the blankets up around his waist and waits until he can see Steve’s blonde head.
“Y-you wiped it—all that yknow—all over my face. And then you pinched m-my nose and—oh fuck Tony don’t stop, that feels so goddamn good, you don’t even know just don’t stop,” Steve starts to beg before he remembers what he was talking about. Tony has started to speed up, only slightly, but he’s been fucking into Steve’s ass so slowly, tenderly, that the infinitesimal change is very noticeable. “I couldn’t
“This isn’t it, is it?” Steve asks him one night. They’re lying in the guest bedroom, tucked under the covers. Mom and Howard know Steve pretty well and are happy to see him each summer. The guest room in Tony’s wing of the house belongs to them, because nowadays if he’s sleeping at the mansion he’s certainly not sleeping in his childhood bed. It would feel kind of slimy to be doing anything remotely sexual in a bed that he only associates with being under the age of 10.
“Back from where?” Tony asks innocently. Steve looks up from where he’s pressed his face in Tony’s side.
“Good morning,” he calls cheerfully. Steve is dressed in plaid pajamas and thick, fluffy socks instead of the running gear Tony expected. He’s got a mug of coffee in one hand and he sets it carefully on the bedside table before placing a kiss on Tony’s forehead. Slowly, he clamors into bed and pulls the comforter over his body, tucking himself up next to his boyfriend. He drapes one arm around Tony’s waist, like another, heavier blanket, and wraps his hand around Tony’s wrist.
“I could manage that too hon, would you like that? Hmm Rogers? Would you thank me if I got my cock out  and let you bounce on it until we get home? I can feel how wet your pussy is already, I know you want it, know you’re fucking open and ready right now,” he bites out, and Rogers just uses her grip on his hair for leverage as she humps against his hands faster than he was rubbing at her clit. He likes that his words are getting to her, likes that she’s just getting wetter and wetter as he mumbles dirty things in her ear, likes watching that blush go deeper and deeper. So far she’s pink in the face and the blush is steadily traveling down her neck, dipping past the necklace resting at the hollow of her throat. She lets out a choked little moan at one point and thrusts even faster, grinding against him fast and hard, getting close. She muffles a whimper with a harsh, stinging kiss, forcing her tongue into Tony’s mouth instantly, licking into him and sighing. They’re both panting and groaning but Tony’ desperately needs some friction. Watching the way she moves, he knows he’s leaking into his briefs.
“You’ve never talked about it?”
“But if I die along the way?” she asks breathily as one of Steve’s huge hands brushes over the slight swell of her breast, cupping over her bra.
“Nice.”
“I’m sure it’ll be worth it,” Tony assures her.
and oxidized sterling silver. Tony has the words
As soon as the doors of the private elevator close, Steve and Toni are all over each other. She wore her hair down for once, the loose waves fall around her shoulders, and Steve can’t help but brush her bangs from her face before planting a chaste kiss on her lips. Toni has never been patient, however, and grabs his other hand so that she may place it back in her pocket, encouraging him to grab onto her. Steve laughs into the kiss now, nipping on her plush bottom lip as he pulls away, and then dipping his head again so that he can lick into the wet, warmth of her mouth. Toni bounces up onto her toes and secures her two hands firmly in the short blond locks at the back of Steve’s head, messing up the product she taught him to use. Her hands wander over his biceps, to his pants, where she untucks his shirt and slips her small hands underneath, and then she strokes up to his chest. Steve groans at the feeling, pulls her closer with the hand in her pocket and the other on he back of her neck. He kisses her over and over, an occasional quick peck, and then hard presses of need until she’s bent nearly backwards with the force.
Tony steps into the walk in closet for a moment.  They have another space dedicated to some of their more hardcore toys, but Tony likes to keep their favorites nearby. He selects a black cane, not too thin but also not one of their thickest, and a pair of leather cuffs. Steve can obviously break free of them, but that’s part of the appeal. Tony only uses the specialized magnetic cuffs when he’s going to seriously let Steve have it; the leather ones are a testament of trust.
“What a lovely sight,” Tony muses, pulling his own shirt off. He moves towards the bed, his eyes never moving away from Steve’s as he inches closer and closer. Soon, he’s lying over Steve’s splayed body, his hands on either side of Steve’s head, his chest lowered until their skin is touching. His lips run across Steve’s face, going from his cheekbones to the swell of his eyebrow, down to the sensitive skin of Steve’s neck where he sucks a small bruise. “Love you like this,” he mutters into Steve’s ear, making Steve shiver.
“I fucking like it, I’ll admit. Like the sound of your voice in my ear, whispering all your little fantasies. It’s cute.”
“I  don’t really want to date anyone. I haven’t dated anyone since-,”
Tony is only considering these things because he’s got a lot of free time on his hands. The drive from MIT to Brown isn’t usually a long one, probably only an hour, but he got a late start and now Tony has been intermittently sitting in traffic for 96 minutes. The radio is always playing silly love ballads and Tony has effectively been drawn down into the rabbit hole of his brain’s thoughts on the subject matter. It’s all Pepper’s fault really. If she hadn’t been teasing him before he left he wouldn’t be doing this to himself.
“How the
Steve blinks at him. There’s no way for his intoxicated mind to process this. Why is Tony here? How did he know to come? Is everyone going to tell him about all the shit Steve’s been saying all night? Steve climbs down from the little step thing in the back to climb up the one in front. Sam stumbles into the seat behind him and when all the doors are shut and the lights go off Bucky takes in a deep breath.
“I fucking missed you so much honey, I really did, it’s crazy yknow. No one around to force me to eat or sleep, I go a little crazy.”
He whines, “Daddy,” high and mewling the way he knows Tony loves and hates, and grinds up against him harder, faster. The friction does feel great, it gets him leaking a small puddle of precome into the fabric, but Tony seems unbothered by this. Instead he’s focused solely on watching Steve’s face, taking in his bright eyes and blushing cheeks as he chases his own pleasure.
“It is.”
“No problem,” he shrugged.
The ceremony goes off without a hitch, much to everyone’s surprise. The two of them walk  down the aisle together, smiling at the guests in their pretty white seats as they do so. Sarah Rogers sits in the front row wearing a gifted designer dress that flows in the light breeze, tears in her eyes and beaming. She clasps her hands together and watches on proudly, occasionally dabbing at her face with tissues. She’s as blotchy and red as her son, who will stand with squared shoulders and allow tears to fall as he declares his vows. Surrounding her are the people who have so graciously allowed Tony into their lives; Bucky and his family, Sam and Natasha, Rhodey and Pepper. Bucky is holding both his mom’s hand and Sarah’s, his sisters look a little weepy. Behind them are some family friends, a few people that Tony’s parents used to associate with pretty heavily and even Steve’s college crew coach.
Clint grimaces, “Some guy was harassing her, okay. She was in Hell’s Kitchen visiting a friend I think? And she was waiting at the bus stop and this dude was bothering her. And you know, I was walking out of one of those mob buildings out there-,”
And Tony knows people can see it on his face. He and Steve have been together for a little over a year now, but even in the beginning everyone close to them could tell that they were head over heels. Pepper and Rhodey had been more than shocked to find Tony pining over a straight laced blonde boy scout he met at a party, but when they saw the two of them together it made sense. All they had to do was watch how Steve and Tony moved around each other, how Steve’s hand always rested comfortably on the back of Tony’s neck, how Tony made himself small and soft and kind for Steve. His jabs and jokes were never sharp or cruel, he looked up at Steve instead of down his nose like a snotty brat, he shoved his toes under Steve’s warm thighs when they sat on the couch together. Tony loves Steve like he’s never loved anyone else.
. He suddenly, viscerally, wants this to hurt, wants this to be too much to handle in the best way until he’s trembling with overstimulation and tears.
“Not tryin’ to kill ya, sweet thing,” he laughs, knee walking up the bed towards her. Toni is already unbuttoning her shirt, slipping it over her shoulders and tossing it onto the floor. She lies back just as Steve reaches her and he crawls over her slim, prone form.
Steve isn’t a sap by any means, very rarely gets caught in the trappings of sentimental values, but there’s always been something about Tony that brings it out of him. Tony will lay in Steve’s bed, under the ratty comforter that will always smell like acrylic paints and weed, and he’ll just look up at Steve with those big, brown eyes and something in Steve’s chest will be knocked loose. Steve will get lost in him, breathe in the sweet, heady scent of Tony’s cologne, run his fingers over Tony’s smooth, tan skin. The world narrows to the tiny pinpoint of space that Steve is sharing with Tony and nothing exists outside of them. It would be amazing if it weren’t totally embarrassing. Or worse yet, they’ll be in the penthouse lying next to each other in the dark and Tony will be talking about the stars that they can’t see due to light pollution, and his voice will take this beautiful low timbre so that Steve can
“Me too,” Tony tells him.
Sam nods dazedly, “Yeah. It’s my granny’s, she left it to me.”
It is a Saturday, so that means everyone in the house is gearing up to go out. Steve likes partying with his friends and always has. Bucky was sure that would change when Steve and Tony got together, was convinced that Steve would give up their dive bars and brawls for the life of posh wine clubs in the Hamptons, but Steve could never. For one thing, he hates going anywhere where he has to remove his nose ring, and for another none of those places play any good music. So of course, when the announcements rings through the house (“Dexter’s!” Bucky had screamed it at the top of his lungs from the stairs leading to the attic) Steve persuades Tony into the shower with him and they clean up for a night of sweaty grinding and drunken yelling.
“Mhmm,” Steve moans happily.
Steve says, eloquently, “Uh?”
“I would have to agree with you there,” Tony nods, “I hope this was a satisfactory birthday present to Pep.”
“I’ll miss you more. I won’t be the one studying the art and philosophy of cigarette smoking in France. I’ll be doing the same old shit, except without you.”
“Somethin’ to do. Wanna help me out?” he says bluntly. Nothing shocks Rumlow anymore, nothing out Steve’s mouth at least, so the dude just stands there in bland silence for a second before letting him in and shoving him towards the basement stairs. They never fuck upstairs, but that’s cool with Steve because he’s not sure he’d want to see the weird, secret domestic set up he and Jack Rollins have got set up. It seems like an invasion of privacy when he even wanders through their kitchen some mornings.
“Oh? Like you own it?”
“God you’re tight. You’re so damn beautiful honeybunches, you feel so good. You’re prob’ly sick of all m-my talking,” Tony grunts and fucks into Steve just a bit harder, a touch too rough and Steve mewls, an embarrassing noise that makes his ears go pink, “But fuck baby boy, you’re just
Tony scoffs, “Not exclusively. You’re into whatever’s fun.”
“I—not if I can help it.”
, of all things. “It’s not that either, I promise,” he assures Steve, standing to meet him over at the sink. They stand facing each other, hips knocking against the counter. Steve reaches a hand out and rests it on the back of Tony’s neck, warm and heavy and so perfect.
“I’m not being rash,” Steve says, exasperated. Tony isn’t so sure about that. He would go as far as saying that he disagrees, actually. Because Steve is being rash. He’s being ridiculous, in fact. The opportunity to study abroad for free is not something he should even consider passing up on, even if it means he’ll be time zones away from Tony for almost an entire year. Steve wants to see the world, and he won’t let Tony bankroll his travels, so this is obviously the next best thing. If Steve dropped out in the next second and expected Tony to support him for the rest of his life Tony wouldn’t have a problem with it at all. He just wants to see his boyfriend happy, and he knows that a school year spent in Paris would make him terribly happy. Steve had been practically salivating when he got the offer in the mail. Tony would not let him pass it up just to spare his very grown feelings.
They plan a real vacation for Christmas. Steve takes an extra week off work and they leave Bucky a key to the apartment to water their plants. It’s very exciting. They usually spend Christmas in New York and between the Starks, Rogers, and Barneses there is usually a lot of drama and traumatic stress (for Tony), but this year is going to be different. They’re going to Whistler, where Tony’s mother has a cabin. There won’t be any work demands; no e-mails to answer, no phone calls, nothing that would bring any kind of stress or anxiety. Steve is very adamant about this.
“Needed to be done, yeah, yeah.”
“I-I’m gonna come. Can I please cum?” he gasps suddenly. Tony studies his face, takes in the sweaty blonde bangs sticking to Steve’s forehead, the blush high on the apples of his cheeks, and his agitated, twitching cock.
“Like this?” Steve breathes, glancing over at Tony, who nods his approval. Tony stands so that he towers over Steve’s prone form and drinks in the sight of him.
Soon enough Toni is thrusting so hard that the bed shakes and when she lets out a frustrated growl, clenches her toes hard and squeezes Steve’s head between her thighs they look each other in the eyes and Toni sobs, “Oh
“Just like that,” he murmurs, “Now I’m gonna play with you. Tell me if it’s too much and you must ask before you come. Do you understand?”
“A skull.”
“Don’t borrow trouble,” Steve warns him quietly, turning Tony’s head and licking up the side of his neck possessively, tasting salt there. Tony lets out a needy little moan at being manhandled and his hips twitch towards Steve’s.
These results to his experiment leave him with even more questions. Does Tony care about him? Does Tony want him happy? Yes? Obviously. If a posh guy like him was willing to nearly get his face beaten in at a concert full of 20 somethings off their ass with anger and drugs, all for Steve, then obviously he cares about him at least a little bit. And Steve doesn’t know what to do with that information. Because he likes to know Tony is happy too, comfortable and not at all anxious in any way. He likes to suck to anxiety out of Tony’s body through his dick but he also likes to crank up the 70s rock in Tony’s workshop and watch him work on his muscle cars and shit because all the tension just melts from his shoulders and face and thighs like he’s coming. Does this mean they’re in love? Does this mean they’re dating? And if so, is this all dating consists of? Because Steve can handle this, he is handling this, but is there more? Does he have to meet Tony’s rich fancy friends and put on a show to impress them? Does he have to stay locked up in the penthouse like a little kept thing? Will he have to stop hanging out with his friends because they have a bad rep? And when Tony leaves him will he be this gross hollowed out thing, aching once again for whatever cock he can have up his ass? Who will he be once he’s Tony’s? It’s frightening to think about, and Steve isn’t easily scared.
“Steve,” they shake.
Tony raises an eyebrow now, taking a step closer to Steve and draping a wide palmed hand over his hip, “Oh really? Jose Cuervo?”
“So, can I get you a drink? You look parched.”
“Look at you,” he smiles, “Just gorgeous. Can’t wait to get my hands on you.”
Natasha returns, not a hair out of place but breathing a little erratically, “So we have to go,” she announces bluntly, and drags Bucky off the ground with no help from anyone else. There’s a smatter of some dark liquid on the foot of her boot that implies she’s probably done something violent but no one mentions it and they all start stumbling away smartly.
Natasha, still supporting the brunt of Bucky drunken weight, gives her a withering look, “Yeah.”
Steve whimpers, licks over his swollen lips. It’s difficult to speak when he’s like this, so down and soft and sweet, time moves like molasses and he can barely see straight. It’s like nothing exists outside of him and Tony, like the only thing keeping him tethered to the planet earth is the sweet friction of his hole clenching around Tony’s dick. Tony gets so deep Steve feels like he’s in his guts, but it’s so good, it’s so so perfect. The thick glide, the tug against his rim, the squelch of lube and spit Tony’s cock is mixing inside of him. Steve knows that later when Tony’s finished with him his hole will be pink and puffy and Tony will want to suck around it, like a kiss. Just the thought makes Steve shudder; being used like this is so perfect. He could take Tony’s dick forever, just let himself be used like the world’s most enthusiastic fleshlight.
Tony blinks at him, gets up and steps out of his expensive clothes, “So you’ll come with me?”
Steve sighs, “Tony.”
“I really did miss you though. Not just the sex. You.”
talk the owner out of callin’ the cops because Sam was too busy being confused and pretending like he was looking for you and Clint,” she tells Kate.
Another first: Steve lets himself be spoiled. They fly privately, enjoy steak and eggs on the plane, and are driven in a big, black Suburban to the cabin. Not once does Steve complain about prices or mutter about how ostentatious the whole endeavor is, and when they pull up to the cabin (which is not really a cabin), he just grins at Tony. His face practically cracks in half with it; his blue eyes bright and pale cheeks flushed with the cold. He’s wearing a turtleneck under one of his stupid plaid shirts, but he’s so damn cute it makes Tony dizzy.
“Yeah?” he clears his throat and this time it’s his turn to down his drink. He sets his champagne flute aside and faces her completely, regarding the blonde as if at a professional distance. Her dress is held up by two delicate spaghetti straps and Tony loops fingers from his other hand through one, not quite pulling it down but suggesting it.
“Daddy!” Steve shouts, “Oh yes, please, like that. Open me up, yeah—daddy, I want more! Can I have more? I need it.”
“So I’m thinking of expanding,” Tony tells him quietly. Steve’s hand stills.
“To take him to work? The truck’ll make it back there at some point during the day right?”
“Certainly not me.”
“There’s gonna be come stains on your sweatshirt,” he warns Steve as he collapses forward onto his chest. Steve wipes his wet hand on the arm of it.
“For what?”
. It was laughable, really, how besotted Tony was with his boyfriend.
Finally, for her at least, Steve stops avoiding her clit. He licks at it, just flattens his tongue and slowly licks over the bundle of nerves a handful of times, applying a decent amount of pressure. Her reactions grow bolder each time. First, Toni clenches her hand into a fist in his hair. Then, she lets out a noise like she’s been sucker punched, all the air leaving her body. And after that she jerks, her whole body jolting into the sensation, like she’s chasing that pleasure. Her best reaction though, the one that gets Steve’s cock throbbing and dribbling out precome already, making his brain go foggy with lust, is when her eyes fly open and she looks down at Steve and her mouth is parted on a silent moan. Toni looks shocked, like she can’t believe it feels this good, and her thighs tense up, her muscles bunching as if she’s planning on springing into action. She goes totally still instead.
“What is it?” and just as he asks, Steve pushes something into Tony’s hand. He doesn’t move to sit up straight, he doesn’t stop with the blinking, he doesn’t do anything but wait. Tony separates their hands, his heart beginning to throb as he recognizes the shape. He’s sweating immediately his mind racing as he starts to panic.
“No kidding? A little thing like you?”
“Luck’s got nothin’ to do with it, handsome,” she drawls. Her slim fingers tangle in the hair at the base of Tony’s skull and she pulls so that she can get to his neck. She sucks and bites the skin there, trailing her clever tongue over a tendon that’s bulging, nibbling right under his ear and giggling when she feels the way it makes his hips twitch. The blue dress has been tossed to one side and Tony catches the briefest glimpse of lacy black underthings as Eve rolls her own hips into the growing bulge in Tony’s pants. She lets out a quiet hum of pleasure but doesn’t let this distract her from her mission of mauling Tony’s neck.
Steve lowers himself onto the couch first, not saying anything, but when Tony goes to kneel in front of him, he stops the other man with a sharp pinch to his thigh.
So Steve makes his way downstairs, and still no sign of anyone else. The living room is left relatively tidy, like Sam attempted to straighten up before retiring for the evening, and Clint’s shoes are still directly in front of the door, but there’s no sign of him. In the kitchen there are three empty boxes of cereal and one of those plates shaped like an animal’s face with donuts stacked on top of it, a pleasant surprise that could turn deadly if not properly assessed. Steve opens the fridge, his head tilted so that his good ear can get some action.
---been waiting for this. Fantasizing about it. Bet you jerk you pretty cock just thinking about it, me fucking you over the conference table, sweaty and covered in dirt, holding you down, making you fucking take it. You
and how one feels about another singular person. It’s very foreign. Usually Steve talks about the subtle curvature of so and so’s cock that made him see God and Buck remembers the soft wetness of a pussy on his face and that’s their relationship talk.
“So, what force of nature should I be thanking for this happy little adventure?” he gasps, trying valiantly to be clever. One of Eve’s small hands goes to unbutton his collar and remove his bowtie so that she can have access to his chest.
“We’re so corny.”
“You’re not high are you?” Rhodey asks helpfully. The room they’re in used to be the help’s quarters. Now it’s Tony’s wedding dressing room.
“Holy fucking
“I have asthma.”
for each other but it might not be enough. Tony is aware of his own character flaws in the form of hedonistic recklessness, a tendency towards selfishness, a snapping way of speaking. Steve might not trust that Tony can buckle down. He’s seen Tony through some difficult times, sure; but Tony couldn’t blame him if he didn’t want to be seeing Tony through things for the rest of his life. That would be perfectly understandable.
Sitting on the edge of the bed, missing only his coat and shoes, shirt mostly unbuttoned, is Tony. He’s scratching at his goatee, his hair is slightly disheveled; he’s perfect. Steve scrambles over to him eagerly, lowers himself to his knees and presents Tony with the tray. Tony takes the glass between his calloused, elegant fingers, and takes a long drink.
