And yet—
his gasps and shouts firing off in rapid huffs
“What—you’re coming
of you—has been perfect, but none of us have.  Believe me, Greg and I have our doubts and quarrels as well, but I wouldn’t trade him for anything.  And you two belong to each other.  You’ve bettered one another.  And you’ve already gotten through the worst of it,”  She inhales deeply, having used up her breath on that impromptu rant, then lets it out as a shaky laugh.  “I’m so glad for you,”  She breathes, smile widening.  “And for Sherlock.  You’re a good man, John,” Fighting the sudden prickle of tears, John clears his throat, closes his eyes.  He’d needed to hear that.  Needed the perspective.  He smiles as he hears the back door open, the sound of tiny feet hurriedly slapping the brick pathway.
—and really, I didn’t want any sort of romantic entanglement anyway.  As shaken as I was by the sudden awakening of my interest in another person, I was positive that I didn’t need there to be a romantic component to our relationship.  And so we’d let our friendship grow, and he’d surprised me again and again with his unwavering integrity and loyal nature.
Not even John.  Nevertheless, I nod.
My eyes scan the streets, the buildings, the sky—bricks, windows, stairways, rooftops—roaming over our surroundings as I follow John’s lead.  It’s only when he slides his hand down to weave our fingers together and tugs me across the street toward a tall wall of hedges, that I realize he’s led us to Regent’s Park.
Instead, he thinks of Sherlock’s hands.  He thinks of how they felt on his body.  Pressing warmly on the small of his back as he was guided out the door.  Resting against his shoulder as he hovered behind John, fondly criticizing whatever he’d been typing up for the blog.  One palm on each cheek as he spun John around, urging him to remember some crucial detail for a case.
Sliding an omelet onto a plate, I set it down in front of her and throw some bread into the toaster.  Pouring myself a coffee, I lean against the worktop and sip it quietly, mind wandering. Now what?
“For inside?”  Rosie squeaks, eyes going comically wide.
He’s left Sherlock in silence—precisely what he’d promised not to do.
I’m aware that I’ve put him through the wringer over the years—pushed our friendship as far as it (apparently) could go.  And I know that I went too far this time. I should have kept my mouth shut—honesty rarely goes well for me. Thinking back (as I constantly do) I’m not sure what on Earth I was expecting.  Reciprocation? Relief? Anything other than the horrible pressure I placed on him that day and the resulting silence? My phone pings twice. Heart racing, I pick it up.
with him?”  John swallows, willing his suddenly galloping heart to slow.  He finds that he’s nodding, slowly.  Slowly nodding.
I’ve no problem speaking up if for whatever reason I’m opposed, and I know that the same is true for you,” He pauses, returning John's growing grin, as he carefully considers his next words.  “I’m—comfortable with the physical contact.  All of it.  But I find that my confidence falters when it comes to—well, sex.  But I think it’s been—good,” He’d lowered his gaze to his once again fidgeting fingers during that last bit, and now he glances up at John through dark lashes.
“I don’t know how to grieve her,”  Well, I’ve failed at distraction, then.  “Or if I even can. I didn’t know her at all.”  I don’t know what to say to this, so I run my hands up to his chest, kiss his ear.  “I knew I was going to leave her the moment you returned,” just a whisper. “I knew the second you sat down on that bench and said my name that I would follow you wherever you go, for as long as you’ll have me.”
This, apparently, was what he’d needed to hear.  This, he can understand.  Because no one has ever made him feel this way, either.  No one has made him feel like Sherlock does.  No one has ever loved him so deeply and so completely, not even close.
or especially
(See the end of the chapter for
I’m on my hands and knees in a second, scrabbling to get my fingers under the edge.  I rip it up in one swift motion, and there it is: a small square door--a mere two feet in diameter--built right into the hardwood floor.
—the tone of the piece changes abruptly—one long, low note held out endlessly and releasing into a staggering burst of exultation, sweeping him up in a flurry of staccato and transforming Sherlock’s entire demeanour in an instant.
There’s that complete lack of enthusiasm I’ve come to expect from him.  At some point we fell entirely out of sync, and I feel like little more than a burden—an obligation—these days.  For months, really—if I’m being honest. Not that honesty has ever been one of my strong suits.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Case notes,” He whispers.  “Shopping lists.”
money.  If we’re getting paid for cases, fine, it’s ours--but this is different.”
)--Joel--outlining what I can expect from our future sessions.  He says he appreciates that I’m able to be forthright about my goals and concerns.  He says that he’s optimistic. So am I. We make a standing appointment for Mondays at nine, shake hands, and I return to John in the waiting room.
They come nearly simultaneously this time, John crying out into Sherlock’s neck as their bodies still against one another, spilling over their bellies as they melt into each other’s skin.  Sherlock rests his forehead against John’s shoulder and sighs, groaning quietly when strong arms lock tightly around his slender waist.
My entire life I’ve assumed that I’m asexual.  I’d never once been attracted to a human being of any gender, and the concept of sex had rarely crossed my mind in any real capacity.  I had dismissed it as a frivolous waste of time at a very young age, and took no interest in it outside of its place in crime. The day that I met John, however, I was startlingly aware that I was attracted to him.  Physically, and in every other conceivable way. Drawn to him inextricably from the moment he entered my frame of vision. He’d made it quite clear from the jump, though, that he was
He punches my arm, lightly.  “Prat,” Something shifts in his eyes, then.  “Can’t remember the last time I picked up anything like that, actually.  Haven’t been much for detective stories the past two years, as it turns out.”  Oh.
“I didn’t show you the letter to dredge up our demons, John.”
by Coolio ♪
Surely he’s beginning to move on.  She’d been wrong.
Sherlock the pride he feels when they’re together—wants to commit to paper the vows he’s been secretly penning in his head for nearly ten full years.  He wants to create that memory for them—something bright and undeniably tender and true to hold onto for the rest of their lives, to cling to when things aren’t so easy between them.  Sherlock tightens his long arms around John’s body, hiding his face in the dip of his shoulder.
“Why didn’t you tell them, then?”  Honestly, he knows full well why Sherlock didn’t tell them.  It’s the same reason
though I was more than a bit lost.  When I landed here, I met—met Isla—” She inhales slowly, Ben’s grip tightening around her waist as John resolutely squeezes my fingers.  “At last I had a reason to stay in one place. And my past indiscretions were clearer than ever. Still are,” I fight to keep my features in check, expression neutral.  I am entirely dumbfounded by these blunt revelations. Evidently my actions have had a profound effect on her—improbable as that may be—while I’d hardly spared her a thought.  I feel almost—ashamed. Almost.
“John,”  His voice from the kitchen, summoning me.  Typical. I’d heard his mobile ping a minute ago, was ready to be torn from my half-slumber on this absurdly comfortable couch.  I sigh, rolling over and dragging myself upright. Shuffle into the kitchen to find him perched at the table, laptop in front of him, mobile in hand.
Please consider reading the
“Twelve,”  I say robotically, allowing myself to be pulled down into the round booth they’re all crammed into.  Ben sits down to my left. I hardly notice as he sets a drink down in front of me—can barely focus on the conversation happening around me.  Entirely preoccupied with thoughts of this ruse we’re going to have to uphold indefinitely. I can hardly stand to be near him without falling apart, and now we must befriend this idiot who believes us to be long term partners?  How will we ever pull this off?
She didn’t hear him come home last night—perhaps he’s putting himself out there again, trying to move on.  Somehow, she doubts it.  It’s too soon for that, though she will support his efforts to move forward in any way she can.  When she’d heard
“I would have, before,”
“I didn’t actually
John kisses him for tolerating his gentle teasing, then rests his cheek against the comforting expanse of his chest once more.  John’s arms circle his narrow waist, palms flat against soft fabric.
He unravels me with slippery fingers, a now familiar kind of ecstasy—hovering above me as I writhe beneath his touch.  Back arching, chest heaving, a low moan escaping my lips—I tug him down to face me, hitch a leg over his hip and pull him in. When I stroke him slowly with slick fingers, guide him down, down—his eyes go wide.
Go ahead and suspend that disbelief, and pretend that my weak understanding of science, medicine and police work makes sense.
He nods.  “Yeah, Sherlock.  Of course you are.  You likely have PTSD from whatever you went through, although I don’t know the details, so it’s only a guess,”  Could that be? Hadn’t considered it. Would explain many of my new habits and unfamiliar thought processes. “I’m no psychiatrist, so don’t take my word for it.  But you know I have experience with such things. With trauma,” He does, doesn’t he. He’s been diagnosed with PTSD. He’d recognize the signs. “You have nightmares as well,” He adds, offhandedly.  Do I? I thought they had abated since John and I began sharing a bed. Have I been waking him in the night?
With a deep breath, John follows suit, tossing his t-shirt aside and dropping his jeans to the floor.  He hurriedly pulls off each sock, then stands up straight—silently observing this vulnerable, unguarded version of the man he holds most dear—a side of him that he’d never really expected to meet.
.  I've missed you.
Sherlock lets out a shaky exhale, leaning back against the cushions once more, with John's fingers now trapped beneath his head.  The angle is more than a bit awkward, so John shifts slightly, turning fully on the sofa so he’s sideways, facing Sherlock, his right thigh pressed warmly against the man’s side.  He stares down at Sherlock’s tightly clamped eyelids, lips still pressed into an uncomfortable line.  Perhaps this isn’t helping.  Perhaps there’s little hope of providing any relief at all.  But the man beneath him has shown no sign of protest at John’s hovering presence, so there must be some comfort to be found in the contact.
I’d been wondering that myself.  Haven’t brought it up for obvious reasons, but I do feel quite compelled to have a look at whatever building the sniper was set up in, as well as David Evans’ flat.  Would like to search Mary’s flat as well, but I can’t imagine John would be thrilled with the idea. It’s all a bit too close to home. If I’m going to keep John safe, I need data.  Need to find out who did this and if they’ll be looking for him next. “Do you want me to?”
He feels himself give into the grin cracking across his face.  He’ll never be able to look at this absurd colour without jumping straight back to their first case together—their first
It is the first time, however, that John joins him.  It’s the first time John acknowledges the disquieting atmosphere in their normally cosy flat and allows his legs to carry him across the room without overthinking it.  He drops down to the battered and worn carpet Sherlock has claimed as his current resting place and stretches out, shoulder to shoulder, beside him.
“Any decent cafés nearby?”
(See the end of the chapter for
He feels John twist a bit in the circle of his arms, sudden panic overtaking him when it becomes painfully clear that John is quite awake.  Sherlock holds his breath, internally berating himself for slipping, for letting those words out, for letting this happen at all.  Stupid.
“That’s not why you’re here.”
“Obviously not,”  Clearly he went straight to my website for it, the snake.  And one quick scan of the bar’s Facebook page confirms that it is indeed karaoke night.  “No way we’re going.”
John exhales slowly, releasing the gust of breath he’s been holding in his chest and sinking back onto the sofa.  He stares up at his mobile.  He cannot imagine the sort of person Sherlock would deem worthy of romantic entanglement, even at sixteen.  He wonders what he was like, then.  Brilliant, obviously.  Awkward, almost certainly.  He’s implied many times that he has never had friends, so this unexpected information opens up a whole new set of questions.  But he’s pushed enough for one night.
Thank you so so much to those who've left comments as they read through.  Your feedback fuels my imagination and keeps my fingers on the keys.
He mumbles, furrowing his brow, still not quite awake.  “Oh—it’ll be Rosie,” He sets the phone on the nightstand beside him.  Turns to me. “I’ll call her back in a bit,” A yawn. “Hi,” A sleepy smile.  I feel suddenly awkward, a bit tense—curled against his body, in his personal space—awake while he dozed by my side.  “You haven’t slept,” He studies my face, reaches over and smoothes his thumb lightly across the sensitive skin beneath my eye—slightly swollen from all of the tears.  “All right?”
It’s certainly not the first time I’ve put him in harm’s way.  It’s what we do, after all—and really, nothing even happened today.  But I’m all too aware, these days, of how quickly things can take a turn for the worse.  And I’m not sure I trust myself to see it coming anymore. Not that I ever really could.
“What?  You’re sure?”
“Thought you’d have worked that out,”  He says. I suppose normally I would have done.  But I’ve been too busy tiptoeing around, trying not to add any awkwardness to our already precarious friendship.  Not sure how to explain our presence in such a place. We can’t say that we’re partners. Obviously. Neither of us could handle that.
After they’d screamed at each other in the hallway outside John’s tiny, miserable flat, after Sherlock had tried and failed to explain, after John had raged and stormed inside and slammed the door and then stomped back out and yelled some more—
“—and then last night, you—I just—need to understand,”  He takes a breath and lets it out slowly, realizing he’s been speaking rather quickly.  Sherlock shifts in his chair, looking ill at ease but not breaking their shared gaze.  “I need you to tell me what you want from me.  Whatever it is—you can have it.  Even if that means nothing changes.”
John stares.  And stares.  That is certainly not the sort of response he was expecting.  He rushes to open a browser and hurriedly types
Sighing, John allows himself to get lost in the illusion of what could have been.  He doesn’t know what he’s holding out for, really.  All he really knows anymore is that somewhere deep within him—in that untapped cluster of senses that they’d all referred to as
He looks over at me, finally, searching my face.  For what, I don’t know. I want to say
What have you done, John?
“Heading to bed,”  Harry mumbles a few minutes later, slowly rising and reaching for her crutches.  “Thought I was up for another episode of Ab Fab but I’m crashing right quick,”  All they’ve done all day is watch Ab Fab in these very chairs.  “Christ, it’s nearly midnight.”
John sighs, scratching halfheartedly at the smudge of blood on the folder.  Already dry.  Hardly matters.  Everything is digital these days anyway.  Once the file is in the system the hard copy will be shoved in a drawer somewhere, probably never to be seen again by human eyes.  He sits staring at the white tile floor for an embarrassingly long time, head hung, the fingers of his left hand tightening into a fist and then straightening back out again and again—something he’s developed a habit of doing in lieu of punching a hole through a wall every time he’s forced to think of Sherlock in the presence of others.  He fights with himself internally for what feels like an age before putting his work computer to sleep and digging his battered laptop out of the brown messenger bag he carries with him everywhere.
Sherlock glares at the relentless bloody flood and wonders, in a moment of self-doubt that’s become a disappointingly familiar sensation of late, if he should just take this as a sign and give it up.
“Please leave,”  She says.  “This is horrible.”
After a seemingly eternal bout of silence, Sherlock carefully lifts his head and leans back to study John’s face, grey eyes darkened with emotion and darting obsessively over every line, each raised eyebrow and both quirked lips, before finally meeting John’s own.
Abruptly, he slams his hips against me--body launching forward violently, arm flying out in front of me to hold myself up.  He doesn’t pause for a second, pulling back rapidly and driving into me, in, out, over and over. The bones of his pelvis are hitting my flesh hard enough to bruise.
“No, he bloody well isn’t all right,”  He’d expected her to call much sooner.  It’s been nearly three months, and Sherlock may have been enough of a fool to underestimate Dr. Watson’s affection for him, but Mycroft is not quite so blind.  And despite Sherlock’s constant and truly admirable attempts at remaining aloof, he could not hide the fact that he returns the man’s feelings in full.  Now he’s gone and died for him—
John wakes gradually, consciousness rising slowly to the surface as he takes in his surroundings—the red glow of morning light through closed eyelids, birdsong drifting through the window with the breeze—warm breath against his neck and gentle fingers tracing a relentless figure eight over the skin above his belly button.
, no doubt.  A client got his feelings hurt.  Injected her with some sort of neuromuscular blocking agent and burned her alive in her own bed—where he was never allowed.  Almost certainly meaning to take the rest of the house down as well. But he made the mistake of leaving quickly,” I move around the bed, point out the metal bed frame.  “The entire base of the frame is heavy iron—vintage, and handmade. Our killer didn’t think things through, clearly. The flames burned long enough to turn her body to dust, but once all that remained was this solid sheet of metal, they died right out.  Flames burn upward,” I point to the ceiling, at the large dark mark directly above the bed. Heat damage. “Not necessarily outward. Fire is fickle. Unpredictable. He thought it would spread. He was wrong.”
“I’m not sure at the moment, I’m afraid,” I pause, suddenly needing to get out of this room.  “I’d be happy to take a recommendation, if you have someone in mind for me.” She does. She hands me a shiny blue business card.
“It’s for Gavin,”  Sherlock lies.
“Why would he
When I unfold the paper within, my heart sinks.  Letters.  Written to me.  Oh, John.  I begin to read.
He doesn’t respond, so Harry sips her tea, letting her mind wander to lost loves and missed opportunities, until John curls up on the sofa with his back to her, looking more fragile than she’d have thought him capable of.  She can’t let him walk back out into the world alone, but neither can she keep an eye on him every moment of every day for the rest of their bloody lives.  There’s only one option left, as far as she can tell.  One final lifeline.
All the pent up frustration of a moment ago comes rushing back in, ringing in my ears and making my vision go red.  My hands fumble at his waistline as my lips consume his tongue
by Wendy Rene ♪
“Yeah—I’ve—recently been made aware,”  He rasps, swallowing thickly as Mrs. Hudson’s words scroll through his mind like a bloody neon marquee:
“Ah—hi,”  John says with an apologetic grin.  “Guess we drifted off.  Hey, kid—oof,”  He lets out a breathy laugh as Rosie jumps up onto his lap beside Sherlock’s mop of hair.  Sherlock grumbles, sitting up reluctantly and slouching back against the cushions.
“Wow,”  She says simply, eyebrows creeping upward, grin still stubbornly trying to fight its way through.  “Well then,”  She slaps her hand down on the table and leans back precariously in her chair.  John rolls his eyes.  “What’re you going to do about it?”
Sherlock stares back at him, eyes narrowing.
“Well—yes?”  He tries, unsure what exactly he’s asking.  Sure, yes, boyfriends.  Not the term he uses in his head, or on the handful of occasions he’s had in the past two weeks since all this began, to refer to Sherlock as his
“Is that true?”
“No,”  He says, sighing heavily and setting down his coffee—clearly annoyed that these men we’ve known for so little time are so interested in our personal life.  But really, it’s always been that way—people have always inquired. There was just nothing to divulge, before. “Look—I don’t know, all right? We’re figuring it out,”  It’s true, we are. He’s made it clear from the beginning that he doesn’t know how far he can go with it. I’d assumed he’d meant sexually—I’m well aware that he’s never been with a man—“But it isn’t platonic, no,”  He grins, grabbing my t-shirt and pulling me into a kiss. I hear the others whooping like idiots around us, but I tune them out—the moment our mouths meet, my focus is on John. I want more of this. Now that we’ve managed to find our way here, I don’t want to part.  Want to hole up in our cottage for days, perfecting this new skill, finding out what we’re actually capable of—but duty calls.
“Ah—let’s try the stout,”  He smiles his warmest smile, fishing his mobile from his pocket to see if John has texted.  He hasn’t.
?  What if I am indeed asexual?  It’s too soon, I think. Too new.  We’re still behaving a bit like awkward adolescents in each other’s presence, and it wouldn’t take much to throw a spanner in the works.
“Handy, that,”  She says, nodding behind her as she stands.  “Happy Christmas.  I’d kill for some coffee.”
“I should go,” John says at last.  He’s been sitting there silently for a solid twenty minutes.  The dishes are long finished and nearly dry on the rack and Martha has moved on to wrapping the rolls in linen and packing them into a tin.  She hands him the container, looks him up and down.
“Maybe,”  He looks a bit confused by the question.  “Does she have something to do with all this?”
am also entirely out of my depth,”  Sherlock scoffs.  “I am.  You’ve no idea.  We can talk about this another time—I just want to be on the same page, Sherlock.  I don’t understand the hesitance.  You don’t have to feel that way with me.”  Sherlock turns his hands, tangling their fingers together.  “I want to ask you something,”  John says, emboldened by this enlightening chat.  “About Rosie.”
John gets out first, opening the car door slowly and sparing Sherlock a single, weighty glance before he hops out of the car, slams it shut and heads for the cottage.
“How did you even—”
I never see the Molly/John friendship explored, so I wanted to try throwing that in the mix.  Love the idea that they've become besties over the years...seems likely considering her involvement in Rosie's life from the start.  <3
“Yes,” Sherlock mutters, lifting his head to press his lips to John’s cheek, then resuming his place tucked up against his neck.
“I—what?”  Maybe I’m missing something.
(See the end of the chapter for
The Eames family is shifting uneasily behind us.  “Thought it was a hoax,” Charles mumbles, sounding wary.
me?”  He asks quietly, voice a bit brittle, as though he still wonders if he’s got it all wrong, has somehow misunderstood.  John aches to dissolve the confusion and doubt lurking beneath that question, would do anything to erase the years of pain that remain stubbornly wrapped around Sherlock’s fragile heart.
He sits up, legs crossed in front of him and hovers over John’s dormant form.  He cradles his warm, sleepy head in his hands, and kisses every inch of his face until he surfaces with a slow, lazy smile.
He looks suddenly mutinous.  Not quite the reaction I was expecting.  Not at all. “So—what—you’re
John,”  I place my hands flat on the table—a weak attempt at demanding his full attention.  “It’s for a case. I’ll be there indefinitely, though. Could be months.”
“It doesn’t
(See the end of the chapter for
I smirk.  “Am I? I guess I am.”
He pulls the duvet over their heads and presses his lips to Sherlock’s brow, to each closed eyelid, sharp cheekbones, a strong, beloved jawline.  He makes it a point, still, to do this often.  It reassures them both, this small intimacy.  He can feel it.
“Say it,” He urges, tone hushed and careful.
“What do
“No,”  I agree.  “Seems that Henry is a better liar than we’d thought,”  I suppose being irreversibly tied to someone you despise will give you that particular skill set.  The rest of the drive is quiet—once we arrive at the cottage, closing the front door behind us, John turns to me.
The press conference went off without a hitch.  We had Lestrade by our sides to answer the majority of questions regarding the case, I gave a statement about my absence, and all three of us nearly died of boredom.  Overall, it went exactly as expected.
“You know what I mean,”  I don’t, actually. “They won’t tolerate your nonsense.  They’ll know exactly who you are and you will not be able to talk your way out of it.  Don’t be foolish, Sherlock,” He looks at John for a long moment, hesitating. “When you say he’s got his
“Right then,”  Sherlock shoots him a small smile.  “On to the bedrooms.”
of all people, was able to win over the man he’d been pining for—when I was sure that I could never have John—had been a sore spot for me from the start.  I was glad for them—really, I was—but it certainly came as a surprise.
blindsided by this?  Why is it that I am barely able to process the fact that the man I love more than anything is proposing I call him my husband?”  He steps back, spinning around once and throwing his arms up, immediately letting them drop.  “This is the logical next step for us, and yet I never once thought that it was an option.  I was absolutely certain that you would never even consider it, and hadn’t allowed myself to think beyond that.  Why is that?  What is wrong with me, John?”
shifted almost entirely away from Sherlock.  But that’s—it’s not—anyway, she and Greg would make a nice pair.
And when I’d read that you took your own life—”  She cuts herself off, swallowing thickly, her throat doing a complicated dance as her eyes drift back to John.  “Well. I suppose I’d spent a good amount of time after that wondering what the bloody hell I was doing. So when you came back, I reached out again.  Imagine my surprise when you eventually reached back,” A sad smile. “I’m sorry I never did figure out how to be your friend. I moved around for years, doing what I do—
“Let’s just get this over with,” He looks up at me then.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You’re so beautiful,”  He breathes, a complex mix of emotion welling up in his chest at his own candid words.  He’s always wanted to say them.  He’s thought them countless times—while running through alleyways and up fire escapes, stopping to catch their breath with a shared grin.  Sitting across from him at a café, hypnotic voice deducing each person who enters their line of sight.  Every single time he surprises John with the depth of his love and consideration for their daughter.
John watches him for a moment, then unlinks their hands and pulls one long arm around his shoulders, burrowing into his side.  Sherlock pulls him impossibly closer, arm slipping downward, a comforting weight against John’s back.  They spend the rest of the ride home in silence; John’s dazed, clouded mind marvels at this, as it so often does—at all that he has and what the two of them have become.  Wrapping his arms around the man beside him, he holds onto him in a way that says
“Better than I knew they could be,” I say.  We share a smile.
“Nowhere else I’d rather be.”
As we walk down the pavement toward the corner to hail a cab, I feel as though I’ve been caught in a tidal wave and carried out to sea—anchored only by the two people on either side of me.  I cannot believe that I have this, now—a true family. Two humans who openly love me in return.
Molly and Greg lingered until well after sunset.  John had gone upstairs to put Rosie down and returned (via staircase, he’s still a bit wary of the slide) to find Lestrade attempting (failing) to question Sherlock about the developments between them.  He was downright gleeful about it, by the look of him—leaned forward, elbows on knees, with Molly sat beside him—cautiously curious, as Sherlock crossed his arms and rolled his eyes.  John had quietly taken his spot on the sofa and reclaimed Sherlock’s hand.
He finds himself once again succumbing to instinct, feeling the growing heat of him as he palms the soft cotton, seeking out the perfect combination of friction and pressure that will eventually make him snap, unspool.
e.  “Go on,”   He breathes.  “Don’t hold back.”
Eight hours, six interviews, four alibis, two idiots and one obituary later, the case is solved.
We soon find ourselves on the 101, headed North.  I had assumed we’d be residing in the city for the duration of this case, but apparently not.  Now we sit hunched over John’s phone, watching the small dot on the GPS pass by town after town, trying to guess where we may land.  The names on the map mean nothing to me—Novato, San Antonio, Petaluma—just empty white words printed on large green signs.
—no, can’t say that.  “What about Rosie?”
“You’re not regretful,” He rumbles, pale eyes now darting over John’s features.  John’s smile widens.
Now that this thing has been set in motion, it’s become painfully clear that I’m dreading the trip.  I’ve traveled for cases before, but never quite so far, and never without John. Well, almost never. Memories of my time running around as a ghost—spending two and a half years taking down the vast network of a man more cruel than any I’ve known since—fill my mind.  I can’t help but wonder: will this feel the same? I really have no idea what I’m walking into. Will it be day after day of fear and isolation? Hiding in plain sight and constantly looking over my shoulder? What am I getting myself into?
“Are you quoting Oscar bloody Wilde at me?”  Am I? Maybe I am. A watery smile slowly spreads across his face, his hand moves to cover mine where it rests on his cheek.  “Really, Sherlock—Dorian Gray, at a time like this?” Who? He laughs. “Idiot,” Wipes his other cheek. “I love you. Go on, then.”
for ages.  She sees you as a parent—you
“You know, there was a time when I believed that,” He says with a sad little smile that makes Sherlock’s heart sink and the air around them feel suddenly stifling.  Things are still too precarious between them.  It’s easy to forget that, when he’s spent the last hour dozing drunkenly against John’s chest.  John sits down on the bed, their shoulders brushing.
The second box is quite heavy, and I have a pretty good idea of what’s inside.  “This one’s for you, I think,” I slide the box across the table as John sets down two plates.  He gives me a questioning look, but picks it up, flips it over. Both boxes were unmarked.
"You know, it is just possible that you won't be welcome."  A pointed look.
The next morning, Sherlock was escorted to the infirmary again to get his shot and a change of bandage. He smiled at John when their eyes met, making him curse those perfect cheekbones framed so perfectly with dark tendrils of hair.
"That… you cared."
Greg had to let it out and confess to what had been driving him insane for the past couple of months. He wanted John Watson at any cost. Just one night, one chance to have that body. It wasn’t that he had feelings for him or anything, it was just good old undeniable, desperate ofrce of lust for a particular army doctor.
"Beeeeeeeep" the heart monitor squeaked as the man's soul seeped out of his body slowly and gently. Sherlock waited patiently by his side, wishing he could make it easier, faster. "Kill the alarm!" the surgeon bending over the man shouted, his voice laced with a hint of hysteria, and Sherlock looked at him for the first time. Deep blue eyes framed by surgeon cap and mask moved frantically over the body laid down on the table.  The indigo eyes filled with healer's concern and focus startled Sherlock, and he couldn't resist. He strained his senses and listened to the doctor's rushed thoughts as he worked.
He doesn't know why he does it, but he just lies in John's bed to think. John's bed is made neatly most days, smoothed evenly with the sheets all tucked in like a hospital bed. But on rear occasions, John wakes up minutes later than usual and has no time to put the sheets in order before he gets ready. Sherlock loves those days. First he examines the imprint on the mattress and the way the duvet has been twisted and pushed to accommodate the body that has been sleeping there in the night.
"You're incredible you know that" John said, but his smile looked sad and strained, and he was unconsciously stroking the metal around his right wrist.
"What do people normally say?"
Greg tried to stop him before he went inside, but he pushed him aside slowly and approached the bodies slumped on the sofa. Harry's face looked sad, as if she had fallen into an uncomfortable slumber, and Clara's face was buried in her arms.
“I wanted him to live”
"I love dancing. I’ve always loved it." He smiles.
John turned back to the officer's body. He looked closely at his face and hands. They were unmarked, as were his clothes and hair.
John freezes and turns to Sherlock, who almost looks apologetic for being related to the man.
It's not something personal, it's to do with work. You've stayed late without planning to beforehand, yet no one is calling or texting you in concern, or else you would be holding your phone or carrying it in your pocket at least. Instead you've discarded it in your backpack. So, no one waiting at home, not family or girlfriend-related.
He stared at her. This was surprising to put it mildly, and deep down, he wondered if their already fragile relationship could stand a chance through all of that.
John's hands are moving between Sherlock's hair and chest, stroking and teasing. He is slotted between Sherlock's open legs and their erections are at perfect alignment, but John isn't moving, won't move no matter how much Sherlock tries to buck underneath him.
For a moment John just stared, then he took a step towards him, navy blue eyes carefully searching his face, and just then it occurred to Sherlock how horrible it must have been, not to be believed or listened to all that time, even by friends. He thought of Carl Powers and how furious and frustrated he had been when no one wanted to listen.
"John, if someone was threatening a person you love, what would you do?"
"No one can be that clever" Sherlock rolled his eyes, though he felt his cheeks flush like they did every time John called him brilliant or amazing or fantastic.
"Fine. SH"
For a moment, Sherlock did not speak, he felt caught in the electric blue gaze, his eyes unconsciously fell to the parted lips where small huffs of breath were forming tiny clouds of fog in the cold air. How very distracting.
"It's a chemical react..." No, he wasn't going to pull this crap now, not on Sherlock.
They take a cab to the posh hotel where the event is to take place, and John spends the ride thinking of what he is going to say, and how he can talk to Sherlock without scaring him off.
"I didn't say anything!" John replied.
Sherlock stood up "You're hungry. Let's go have lunch"
I don't think his personal life is anything to write home about either."
"Are you even diabetic?"
"You do what you choose to do." He smiled "I was always the smart one anyway"
"I'm Sherlock" He finally said in a deep rumbling voice that was equally surprising and alluring.
Please feel free to point out any mistakes to me, English is not my mother tongue!
"And I appreciate that, Officer, but you and I both know that it's illegal to deny a prisoner medical care and you could lose your job over it. Now, I'm just looking out for
“It wasn't your fault, John”
Sherlock moved without thinking, grabbing his coat and aiming for the door.
Falling down, falling down
as the north wind lays waste the garden.
"You mean your friend Amy? The one who died?" Sherlock asked. It was clear something wrong was going on in this group of friends, a secret had been waiting for years to be revealed.
"Hello John. It's nice to see you again"
"Delicious," he whispered appreciatively and resumed his ministrations, but he moved one hand down to his own cock and started pulling slowly at himself.
"Do you really?" John was impressed he played the violin, though he didn't quite get the point of the statement "You'll have to play for me some time."
He grunts in frustration. He can't make himself calm down or will his heart to stop attempting to escape his chest. He cannot believe his luck, Sherlock has agreed to go on a date with him, even if it's in return for something.
A thud boomed in the quietness of the night, and Sherlock's heart leapt.
He catches himself staring and has the urge to slap his own face. How many times is he going to make this mistake? He doesn't need this, cannot afford to waste his time on romantic entanglements. This will be the last time he sleeps with John, he tells himself for what feels like the 100th time.
"Bugger. We still don't know anything about this freak." Rupert said.
John snorted and wiggled a finger, evidently trying to catch the attention of the baby, who was staring at Sherlock right behind him.
He blinked again, and there was Sherlock, staring down at him with fearful eyes. He watched as a tear fell from the lovely face and landed softly on his cheek. He wished he could lift a hand and touch him, maybe crack a joke and make him laugh with that rich silky voice, but his body was frozen, a fly suspended in amber. So he just stared at the shifting color in Sherlock's eyes, the milky softness of his face, and the warm pink of his lips. He then realized they were moving, saying something.
"Oh shit. I forgot all about dinner. Sorry"
"No?" Sherlock still had his hand cupped around John's head, and his eyes were soft and heavy-lidded.
"What was it like?"
Walt Whitman
"I suppose I shouldn't be surprised. I'm bound to be followed by trouble when I'm with you. Very Halloweeny indeed…"
"That was amazing" the words came out of their own accord.
Maybe this is what he needs to stop feeling miserable. Maybe this is what he misses so much he can barely breathe. Time to test the theory, then.
"Oh, you're here" Sherlock said with a breathy voice as he let go of John's mouth, and John just looked at Greg, his eyes dark with lust.
"Hello. I'm looking for Sherlock Holmes."
"You know, hanging around with you can teach a bloke a trick or two." John says, stretching his arm to shut the door behind Sherlock. He is practically crowding him against it, stepping unnervingly close. Sherlock can smell minty shampoo and danger, but he tries to keep his face straight and unreadable.
Sorry about the lousy deductions, but I really wanted Sherlock to be in character, this is why we all love him right?
He can't be jealous, isn't allowed to be jealous. He is married to his work and that's all that matters. Emotional entanglements make one stupid, even stupider than the average individual.
Sherlock blinked a few times before he could think properly. Oh, right, an abusive parent plus a younger more vulnerable sibling. Makes sense. He caught himself still staring at John, now dangerously close, breaths almost mingling. He could smell the faintest hint of soap, coffee, and gun powder. A scent just as paradoxical as its owner. Fascinating, but dangerous. Sherlock turned abruptly and moved outside into the living room, feeling John following behind him.
"What is it?"
Sherlock extended his bared arm, eyes searching John's face inquisitively, just as Anderson entered the room carrying some files. He rummaged in a drawer for a moment before he spoke to John.
If you have comments, feedback, suggestions, please go ahead!
"Why are people fascinating to you?"
She stared at him. This was not playing out the way he had imagined. He just wanted to share a moment with her… to feel something… to give this a chance, but he soon felt like an idiot and burst out laughing.
"Those eyes. The way he looked... right into me. Sherlock… What kind of name is Sherlock?"
"We are not." John answered calmly, folding the map in his hands and looking around.
Sherlock looked back into the lenses. He couldn't stop staring at the shimmering nebula that was the essence of John. It had to be a miracle, had to.
I had so much planned, but it turned out the sex scene is soooo difficult I am surprised I even got it done! I do hope It's good enough though, I'm still not entirely happy with it
You hear me far-off, my voice does not reach you.
Sherlock simply rolled his eyes at him, ignoring the confession completely, and went on to deliver deductions to a love-sick mesmerized John, who looked like he was about to snog him right there.
All three men mumbled greetings to John and Sherlock. Max was dark, tall, and strikingly handsome. Rupert was almost the exact opposite. He was pale, short, and particularly stocky around the stomach area. His fingernails and eye bags told Sherlock he struggled with depression and often resorted to food for comfort. Jake was blonde and wore thick glasses. Sherlock noticed he kept fidgeting in his chair.
"Has a psychologist talked to him yet?" he asked Donovan wearily.
John kept glaring at Sherlock, and for just a fraction of a second, he caught a glimpse of what looked like regret in the grey eyes.
"You're good, you know it. Come back on Monday and get back on the horse." Sarah said and kissed his lips
"I love strawberries" Sherlock said, and they both laughed.
Lorca
"Take your clothes off" John whispered in his ear as his hand reached inside Sherlock's pajama bottoms. Sherlock moaned softly at the feeling.
He stood at the entrance for a moment, his nose registering a strong smell of ink and chemicals, and his eyes attempting to adjust themselves to the darkness. Behind him, Sherlock clicked the light on and they could finally get a full view of the horrible scene. The walls were covered in photos of couples, both on their wedding days and on the days they were murdered.
Sherlock's face broke into a smile of… relief? That was odd. John fixed him with a questioning look, but Sherlock kept smiling placidly.
"Right now?" John was taken aback but please all the same
Kahlil Gibran
"I wish I was home" John heard him say before everything was swallowed by darkness.
Is he now admitting to himself the real reason why he's been missing John Watson like he's never missed anyone? The real reason behind this crippling misery, and why all he can think of is John's deep blue eyes.
Sherlock's brain stuttered for a moment, his memory recalling data that he had yet to be aware of storing. There was another photo like this one, same style, same black and white effect… a photo of the couple from yesterday.
John climbed into the tub slowly, straddling Sherlock's thighs, and finally, he was kissing him again, hands buried in his hair, pulling gently, and making Sherlock squirm.
I already have the next chapter.
They move carefully and in utter silence. The flat looked almost normal. Its regular occupant was clearly missing however. Sherlock pointed in the direction of an easily missed door at the end of the hall, and John opened it quietly.
Greg dragged him through the house, introducing him to friends and relatives with words like "guardian angel" used very loosely if John could say so, but he was too distracted looking for emerald eyes amidst the rowdy party.
"Hm? Yeah fine. Come on, you need to leave this place."
"Obvious. Tattoos on the back of their necks clearly shows what gang they belonged to. Murder style too, one bullet between the eyes. Quick and clean. It was an execution. They were either snatching some of the goods behind their bosses' backs or owed someone money, but I can tell it's the former by their backpacks."
"That was… interesting." John says as he catches up with Sherlock.
Dimmock's smile slid quickly off his face as he moved aside to let John pass "Of course. Go ahead" he said, and turned to go, leaving John with Smith, who wasn't nearly as much of a git.
"Maybe your friend Murray is already in the Halloween spirit and wanted to prank us." Sherlock suggested as they continued walking to the house.
"Because I did it" Greg met his eyes, and John smiled. Because in that moment, he knew exactly what to do.
"You have to get over this ridiculous crush you've got on him, he is mine Greg, and I don't like sharing.”
The increased cell inspections down at the general population never really yielded real results. All CO's could do was wait for the riot to start and enforce a lockdown until things calmed down.
"Listen" Greg broke the silence "He gave these gits the greatest gift in the universe. You think He didn't give it to us too?"
"You see. Rupert is not that stocky around the stomach. It's just a bodysuit. Another benefit of being around props on set. When you ran outside behind us, you hid Lidiya's head under the belly of the fat suit. It was the easiest thing in the world to just dump the head somewhere outside. The other body parts were already scattered there. Simple but brilliant. No one would have ever suspected it was you."
He heard the shuffle as the man retrieved some gloves and came upstairs.
"There's a guy outside, says you wanted him to change the locks. Want me to call him off?" Dimmock said.
"Sherlock," the man nods "I gather you still fail to act like a grown-up."
"Okay, Sherlock" John interrupts. He cannot discuss this, not now, and perhaps not ever. "It was nice to see you again, Dr. Sholto, but we must be going now."
They were barely on their feet when Dimmock jumped, launching himself on Sherlock, who met him halfway with a knee aimed at his chest.
Sherlock opened his eyes, a strange mixture of weakness and exuberance making him feel dazed. John smiled affectionately.
"No." Bill shook his head, signs of panic on his face "But she needs to get back. Someone out there tried to attack John and Susan."
John froze, his smile sliding slowly, cold fear trickling in his heart.
Sherlock didn't say anything, but waited.
"Your keys, they were here the whole time, right under these files"
"What kind of experiment?" Sherlock asked, sounding, to John's horror, genuinely curious.
Sherlock was drinking in the sight before him, his own erection was bobbing in front of him, John's body was splayed underneath him, and he was in full view of a mouth-wateringly gorgeous cock being stroked in front of him. He started bouncing gently, fucking himself on John's wet tongue, feeling the beginnings of that delicious tingling sensation creeping in. he wasn't going to last long.
"Oh, sorry, Mrs. Lestrade. Circumstances were not optimal to perform the procedure on the patient"
"Ah, there. Harry and Clara Watson."
"Where are we going?"
"Listen, Sherlock. I like this, I really do" he glances at their bodies, intimately tucked in together.
"What do you want to know?" Sherlock simply asked
"I didn't know," John's voice was muffled as he spoke into Sherlock's shoulder.
Thump, thump, thump. Sherlock could easily recognize Mycroft's steps on the stairs from a mile away. And it wasn't just his stupid umbrella thumping along with his stupid feet, it was also the pompous peacock strut that he never failed to demonstrate.
The next day, John's first appointment was with Mr. Posh guy, whose name turned out to be a perfect suit for him: Sherlock Holmes. When John took a look at his full file, he was more convinced that the man did not belong here. He was rather young, 28 to be precise. He had a degree in chemistry, went to Harrow's, and then Cambridge. He even lived a few streets away from John's flat!
"Oh. I see. Something must have happened to you to make you leave. Emotional trauma. Possibly related to wor…"
"Seriously?" John didn't think he could fall any deeper, but here he goes.
"I was hoping you could tell me"
"God" John sighed once he let go of Sherlock's lips "You're amazing."
"Inconsequential. I'm quite positive there aren't any serial killers around here."
John was getting out of the shower, wearing nothing but a towel around his waist. In a matter of five seconds, they locked eyes, and then Sherlock was crowding him against the wall and pushing the towel down as he kissed him feverishly. Turned out Sherlock was wearing nothing but the sheet that was hugging his lean body, and so things escalated.
Sherlock flinched violently, held his hand to his chest and took a step back "Why did you do that?"
Sherlock thrashed on the bed, shaking as he moved between the tongue that was fucking him, and the mouth that was jerking him off.
"Must you?" Sherlock rolled his eyes. He was not in the mood for tedious introductions, he needed a puzzle to solve, but Greg ignored him and started talking anyway as he drove away from Baker Street.
Dimmock half exhaled half coughed with a choked noise, and John took the chance and aimed a punch at him, knocking him over. John kneeled next to him, he was very much alive, only knocked out. He looked up at Sherlock, who actually looked disappointed.
They both wrapped their hands around their joint lengths, and their mouths met again in a deep kiss. It was to John's taste in his mouth, to John's feel between his legs that Sherlock came, pleasure rippling through his body in sweet waves. John followed not long after, and they both lied there panting and kissing softly.
"You're the reason we never see Johnny anymore. You have to stop keeping him all to yourself all the time!"
Sherlock looked up from the file as if the last word was the most confusing thing he'd ever heard.
“Then he wasn't alone”
"No, not that." He turns serious "There's a charity ball that the hospital staff has to attend next Friday. I want you to come with me, as my date."
She came closer and put her arms around his neck "We need some time together"
Sherlock didn't answer. He knew it was true, but the deep blue eyes were still haunting him.
"I'm surprised you didn't kick that bastard's arse, John. That's more your style." Bill said as he fiddled with something in his pocket.
"Not yet, we're trying to bring someone in, but it's a bit hard at the bloody crack of dawn."
“I don't need a visitor.”
"No, John. I just never want to lose you." Sherlock's tone was serious. He had to say it, had to tell John that the thought of being without him was so unbearable, it almost drove him to tears.
No dying now, Mr. Lestrade. Not until you give me Sherlock's phone number"
"Nothing about Mycroft is interesting." Sherlock replies and hands him a glass of wine.
"That's right Rupert! Sherlock said the killer had a medium build!" Max said, patting Rupert's back.
"Okay, then." John said, and started opening a box and grabbing chopsticks.
"Hi" John answered stiffly.
The curly head made an appearance at the end of the line. John watched intently as the man stepped out of the door and surveyed the yard with boredom as if he was looking at a new flat to rent. He looked even more posh in real life, and frankly quite gorgeous. John winced at the thought of how prone to harassment he could be here. Poor sod.
"You can."
My inner OCD wanted this to be 10 chapters, but it looks like it's going to be just 9. Oh well!
"Everything's under control but you should go back to the infirmary building. When things calm down, I'll have your patients transferred from sick bay" he paused and tried to smile conspiratorially at John "Just looking out for your best interests," he added
Three plates laden with food were set in front of Greg, who dug in as if he hadn't eaten in days. He had dragged Sherlock to a restaurant close to the hospital.
Lang Leav
The wild crescendo was swelling, the singing of angels bidding him farewell, and the rumble of the very heart of the universe were all in his ears. He let himself dive into the air, watching the rush of light and color pass by as he fell, and fell, and fell.
"John" Sherlock's voice was harsh as he thrashed on the bed, moving to get John to touch more of him.
John smiled at the baby cradled in Mike's arms
"You're even more stupid than I thought you were." he said even as he squeezed John's hand possessively.
"Sherlock"
"How long have you known Sherlock?" John turned to Greg.
may your eyelids never flutter into the empty distance.
"Don't you really? I seem to notice you have decided to expand your clientele, though I don't think it would be accurate to call D.I. Watson a client, really."
"I don't know. I think so" John suddenly wore the same expression of loss that Sherlock saw the first time he met him.
"One thing though" it said, "It's not for me, it's for a colleague."
"By the way guys, sorry about before." John said as his face turned a deep shade of pink. "I think I walked in on some of you earlier."
"Why didn't you call me?"
"We need to go to the crime scene" a deep voice said from behind them. John turned around to find Sherlock casually standing there, looking not just too alert for the hour, but also as polished and pristine as he could. Was he even human?
"Mr. Holmes, I presume?" John said as he stood up and turned around.
"Well, as my mum always said, I'm not fat, I'm just fluffy." Rupert chuckled.
-----
Sherlock took a seat in front of him and John tried to school his expression into neutrality as he prepared the glucose meter. He then glanced at Sherlock to find him glaring at the device.
"What do you think?" Sherlock asked calmly behind him.
"Why did you steal my keys?"
higher than soul can hope or mind can hide)
"Sherlock, please."
"Why do they have that?"
"I could have taken a cab" Sherlock said as soon as he hopped in the car next to Greg "You didn't have to come all the way to get me. You know I hate riding in police cars."
At Mr. Lestrade's room, Sherlock stood unseen, watching John remove a tube from the man's mouth and giving instructions to the nurse. Lestrade coughed weakly.
And Sherlock did.
"Tell me what happened. Why are you home, then?" he asks in a neutral tone as if he hasn't spent the last five minutes mercilessly tantalizing Sherlock.
"It was like being exhumed"
"Oh no, you're not going anywhere smartass."
(See the end of the chapter for
"I was young and he was my teacher. I thought I was in love." John shrugs. Sherlock doesn't want to ask why he's telling him this, because he is desperate to know.
"Is this why he moved away… left you?"
"Yeah. I know, right." John giggled as his face turned a deep shade of red. He knocked on the fourth door, only to discover it was the empty room, the one that was left for them.
"The first one was naked" he whispered to Sherlock with a horrified expression.
"But Harry was short for Harriet" He looked at Sherlock again, still smiling.
Sherlock to the rescue :)
"John! The photos!"
Sherlock looked up suddenly in amazement, unable to believe what he had just heard. Warmth he had never experienced before engulfed him. He stared at John, feeling like the sky had been suddenly higher, the ocean bigger, and he could maybe… maybe have this
His curiosity and urge to discover the world did not stop there though. He also started conducting what he called "experiments" with the strangest most random objects, like cigarette ash. The mess he made was a small price to pay for the endearing joy that filled the gorgeous face. John could not deny him even if he wanted to.
"What I do
"Maybe? John, you have to do it. You know how I get when I'm bored. Do you want Mrs. Hudson to be upset?"
John walked towards Sherlock. A strand of gold sleek hair hung across the lovely forehead, highlighting the contrast between all the gold and sapphire. It reminded Sherlock of the dawn ritual.
"You were thinking. It's annoying."
"Do you think this one will make a mistake?" John asked, the look he gave Sherlock was startling, it was a mixture of fascination and barely suppressed hope. But there was something else in the navy blue eyes… a hunger for adrenaline, for danger.
"Oh right, but you didn't have her body, you were just carrying her head."
Sherlock followed the doctor who disappeared behind a metal door and into a stairwell.  John was his name.
"Mike!"
Sherlock's eyes opened slowly as he felt John's hand stir under his. Two days and too many arguments with nurses later, he still hadn't left his side.
"Come on. You're going to the hospital"
"I might let you have more of him next time. If you continue to behave" Sherlock said with a smirk and closed his eyes as he buried his nose in the blonde hair.
"Hmm…" John glanced in confusion at the number on the small screen.
My fair lady…"
"I don't do favors. SH" he sent his reply and went back to his torch and fresh organs.
"Yes" Sherlock suddenly yelled, startling the small group of people around him "Take me to Bart's, to John!"
Thanks to anyone who's reading, if you have a comment, feedback, or just want to say hi, I'd love to hear from you! Have a great day.
"Greg Lestrade. Glutton, hedonist, former celestial body, and recent addition to the human race" he said with a proud grin.
John Watson was never the type to misplace his belongings. Army discipline combined with his own inclination for order and tidiness rendered him an excellent keeper of items, especially important ones, like his keys.
"Okay, John" Sherlock said and watched him leave.
"Your eyes are red-rimmed which indicates lack of sleep, yet you chose to stay late and do dull paperwork. You wanted to occupy your mind with something mechanic and detached, so something is wrong.
"It smells nicer here, and you've got ginger nuts" Sherlock says, as he pops said biscuit in his mouth, John only now notices the bag in his other hand.
Oh, the horror.
Sherlock feels his tongue now probing the ring of muscles slowly at first, but then John takes up his pace and starts stabbing his tongue in there hard, making Sherlock's whole body bounce with the movement.
It was raining so hard, it felt like the city was being washed inside out. John's windscreen wipers worked frantically to clear the glass enough for him to see ahead.
"Like you deduced I was in Afghanistan?"
"Take a look"
The conversation was quickly steered in another direction, and the rest of dinner was fairly quite and friendly.
John was being led through a part of the facility he had never stepped foot in before, yet Sherlock was striding confidently down the hallways. The view around them transformed as they crossed different sections, and John thought they must be in a different wing by now, because the walls gradually started looking more polished and clean. It must have been the part where administrative offices resided.
“You can have some of him, but on my own terms. SH”
London Bridge is falling down
Following the source of the voice, he found himself in a clearing. He blinked rain out of his eyes to see John and Susan facing a man.
"Look who's here… again!" a gruff weary voice came from the door and John turned around
"Sherlock, can I… I want to taste you…"
This time, they both start laughing, and when they stop, they find the man standing right in front of them. John wonders if he really should recite Hail Mary.
Sherlock could hear Bill panting behind them in the dark.
"What? Where?" Greg hastily put a hand on his mouth and his eyes darted to his wife in panic, and as she moved closer, he fidgeted in his bed and something fell from under the blanket onto the floor.
"My name is Dr. John Watson, I am your husband's surgeon."
He lets himself follow the impulse and gives the driver different directions. His heart beats and his hands shiver with anticipation. He is going to talk to John.
Theory two: Sherlock is annoyed John wouldn't spend as much time with him when he gets back with his ex. Plausible. John proved useful and less boring than average by a wide margin, not to mention his skills in bed. Sherlock blushes at the thought and checks if John is looking at him.
"Just… look at me"
John looked into Sherlock's eyes, he was slowly coming to a conclusion on what he needed to do, but he felt a need to say something to him before it was too late. Sherlock looked up at him without a hint of fear, and John's heart ached at the incredible amount of faith and trust being put in him even as he still held a gun to that brilliant head.
Sherlock's feet led him to John and his arms wrapped around him without thought. He immediately noted he was the one trembling violently, whilst John, who had been the potential victim, stood calm and still, letting Sherlock hold him close.
John could not believe his eyes. Sherlock had lost the shimmering halo that always surrounded him, he was more defined, more real, and well… more alive, and had never looked more beautiful.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Funny. I wouldn't know." John glared at him. Maybe this wasn't such a good idea after all.
Today is one of those days, and Sherlock sighs as he shuts his eyes and buries his nose in John's pillow. The smell sends shivers down his body, and he can't help remembering the feeling of John's hands on him. He is forced to admit that he misses them so much it almost hurts. His skin burns with yearning when he remembers how John touches him, peeling away his clothes to trace the exposed skin gently with his fingers. He shuffles and adjusts his legs as he feels a delicious shiver running through him and heat settling between his thighs.
It wasn't a knock as much as the sound of someone leaning on the door. The moment his hand slid on the handle, his arms were suddenly full of a wet thin shivering body.
Sherlock was silent, but John knew he turned to face him, his breath was warm on his cheek.
John reached a hand and immediately felt the hot blood streaming from his chest, but just as he reached for his supplies, he felt a hot sharp pain cutting through him like a spear. His whole being shook and he was thrown back on the dirt next to Jefferson.
"Makes no sense. Why would a man kill his wife in the middle of the night, wait there until the neighbors called the police, and then get caught and confess?"
"I know it's not my place to say this Sherlock, and even if you don't think of me like that, I do consider you family. You're my husband's brother and I care about you."
"Why can't you sleep?" Sherlock suddenly asked, taking John by surprise, but he had gotten used to the random questions by now. It rather amused him in all honesty. He smiled and thought of his answer for a minute.
"Negative. A-wing is evacuating and locked down. Remain in B-wing."
“I know.” Greg said, unable to keep himself from continuing to stare at the graceful curves of John’s body “But I can’t get over it. I want him, and I need to get it out of my system.”
“Yes, he was”
John gets a hold of his lapels and pulls him inside, still smiling.
"We are here to guide the dead, not the living. They have their own choices and paths to take, and we have no control over that." He paused, then looked away again and went on "All lives end. All hearts are broken. Caring is not an advantage, Sherlock."
"That's because I don't keep road kills in my fridge, and I actually buy food"
Sherlock watched him as he made a tiny cut on his finger and squeezed two drops of crimson on a slide.
"So… Have you visited Mr. Lestrade today?"
"You'll simply have to talk to him for me then." Sherlock tries to inflict as much confidence as he can into the statement, but he can see John's lips twisting in an evil smile again.
Greg Lestrade relaxed back in bed watching crap telly.
"That's flimsy evidence" John grinned
(See the end of the chapter for
With every button set free, new territories were revealing themselves for John's mouth to explore, and when the shirt was completely open, he slid it slowly off Sherlock's shoulders, and left it hanging loosely on his thin arms. He wrapped two strong arms around Sherlock's waist and buried his nose in his armpits inhaling deeply and groaning with each exhale. His mouth glided, leaving open mouthed kissed on Sherlock's flat chest until it wrapped itself around Sherlock's right nipple, suckling gently and still holding the warm body in place as Sherlock squirmed beneath him.
"May I know why Greg's surgery was delayed to Monday? Is something wrong? Are you not telling us something?" She said all of that extremely fast without breaking eye-contact with John.
What was it like to live? What was it like to cry?
(See the end of the chapter for
The hours afterwards were the longest in John's life. They police stormed the building and ended the riot. Dimmock was arrested and taken away, and Sherlock was being scolded by the owner of the posh voice from the helicopter, who turned out to be his (true to Sherlock's words) obnoxious older brother.
Sherlock shook his head.
"We talked... and then I got beeped and he disappeared. Why did you pack for me?"
"Dr. Watson!" a soft and a bit too enthusiastic voice shouted behind him. He turned around to find himself in yet another hug with a very excited Molly Lestrade.
"No." John interrupted in a tone just a bit higher than intended "No, I’m not asking… No." He cleared his throat, feeling Sherlock's suspicious gaze on him.
"You have this computer... and all this technology. Can't you look him up?"
John lets out a small, choked sound from somewhere deep in his thundering chest.
have come with, he supposes.  Could’ve gotten a hotel...or—they hadn’t discussed it.  John had told him early yesterday morning that he’d be spending six days in Manchester trying to save Harry from herself, and Sherlock had ignored him entirely—lying still as a statue on the sofa—until the very moment John had walked out the door.
Greg’s eyes went wide and he swallowed as he understood. He didn’t argue, but got up from his chair, feeling beads of sweat running across his forehead. He stopped by the foot of the bed staring at Sherlock, who had his legs open and his hand moving, stroking feather-light on his cock.
"John, I think it's time you know… I'm not who you think I am"
"Shit. At least it didn't give way while one of us was on it." Max said as he caught up with them.
Love! xoxoxox
As I said, this is heavily based on Prison Break, I used to be obsessed with that show, that is before I watched Sherlock and my life was forever ruined of course. I'd like to point out that all information about prisons and prison slang is taken either from Prison Break or from movies like the SHAWSHANK REDEMPTION, So it is going to be a bit too American, plus my English is pretty Americanized as well so sorry! I unfortunately don't have a beta but let's just see how this goes! It's all for fun anyway. If you like this and think I should go on please leave a comment or Kudos or whatever, and if you have suggestions of critique I would love to hear it. Love.
"No, I'm asking you"
John lifted his head to look at him, and Sherlock cupped a hand around his cheek, staring desperately at his face with heavy lidded eyes.
"I'm not… we're not…"
That night, lying in his bed, John could not help thinking of Sherlock kissing him, of the way their lips fit together effortlessly, and of Sherlock's hand sneaking into his hair… Sherlock's hands… his mind stuttered, as if trying to catch up with something rushing through it. He suddenly opened his eyes thinking of that sentence and why it triggered his brain.
"So, you were all at film school, yeah?" John asked as he grabbed a chair on the table.
"This diagonal looks tight."
They started walking again, Sherlock leading, until they reached a door half hidden behind a large file cabinet. Inside, there were pieces of old furniture, including desks, chairs, and an old bunker bed. It was dark and quiet. All John could hear was Sherlock's breathing and soft rustle of clothes as he moved close by.
Sherlock apparently got the message and did not repeat the question, but he didn't stop talking either. John wondered how on earth he managed to be in a good mood, being trapped in this hell hole.
"Come on. We'd better stay somewhere safe until this is over."
"I love you" he rasped out unintentionally, the words just came out of their own accord and Sherlock's heart sank in fear as John froze beneath him.
-----
"I don't believe you" he glared, eyes now twinkling with unshed tears. "Do you feel that?" he added.
Many years working with Sherlock and rushing to his place for all sorts of crime inquiries made it instinctive for Greg to barge into the flat without preamble, so he just walked in. the flat was semi-dark and dead silent. Neither Sherlock nor John were in sight. Greg stood by the fireplace wondering if Sherlock had been playing him for fool, but then his heart jumped as he heard a very distinctive noise… moans.
“People die when their bodies give out”
"Fine." Sherlock huffed as he exited the car.
"We'll go back to the house together. Stay close. We'll call the police, and then we'll simply leave."
"Hi." She said to both of them, though she was eyeing John with interest.
"London Bridge is falling down
"John… I think I love you." Sherlock whispered into John's hair, because it was that moment that he pieced it together and figured it out, he loved him… Shit.
He jumps a little when he feels warm fingers tickling his open palm. "Are you alright?" John says as he traces his fingertips along prominent veins on the back of Sherlock's hand, making him shiver at the soothing touch. He nods slowly, watching John's soft movement up and down his hand.
"Well, yeah. Who could say no to this excellent location" John said, and they both giggled quietly and held each other closer.
Philip huffed in annoyance and led him up the stairs and into a spacious bedroom on the second floor. The two bodies were lying side by side as if in an embrace on the bed. They both had gunshot wounds. The woman right through the temple, and the man through his forehead.
Pressing his leg to Sherlock's stomach, John shoved him suddenly off the bed and onto the floor, pointed the gun and shot Jefferson right between his eyes, but not before he felt raging fire cutting a hole in his left shoulder.
John picked at his fruit salad as he sat opposite Sherlock, who seemed to just enjoy watching him eat.
"It's so clear now, actually it's rather simple. Should have seen it earlier when…"
"Shit." John said and quickly kneeled next to the body. He recognized the officer, Johnson. He hadn't known him well, but he had seemed nice. The back of his head was covered in blood. It looked like he was hit with something heavy, John felt for a pulse but the man was clearly gone.
"I'll just…" John gestured at the stares with a nod of his head, his hands occupied, carrying the box and food.
"Well then, afraid you'll have to fend for yourself with Mike after all." John says as he twists to lie on his back, hands supporting the back of his neck. His muscles ripple under golden skin. Sherlock stares at him with a mixture of arousal, anger, awe, and a hint of amusement. John Watson is one huge problematic, infuriating distraction. But he has something Sherlock needs right now, and Sherlock hates that he has to say yes.
John's expressions relaxed, his eyes roamed Sherlock's face fondly, making him shiver.
"So you're a friend of John's?"
Sherlock stopped kissing him for a moment, he was panting and his eyes were dark with lust and John just couldn't stop himself from moving down onto the long pale neck. He mouthed slowly at the delicate skin, inhaling a scent that lit his insides on fire. Sherlock moaned softly beneath him, and he knew then he wouldn't be able to stop until he tasted ad worshipped every bit of that body
because in that moment you'll have gone so far
"Piss off"
As soon as the house door opened, it was clear the bandaged stranger was not Bill, because Bill was standing there welcoming them into the house. Sherlock knew John had met him in Afghanistan, and they had been close friends for years. He didn't know anything about the other guests except that they were Bill's friends from film school.
Usually, Sherlock loves to lie back and indulge in the attention John lavishes on him. It's become a new sort of addition to him, to wallow in the various pleasures those clever hands send through his body. John has learned every sensitive spot and every caress that make Sherlock gasp and writhe in his arms. He knows how to bring him to completion over and over again, having memorized the map of his body and its secrets.
"I don't know what a strawberry tastes like to you"
"Hold on… what the hell is that?" Rupert suddenly stood and came closer to the window.
"It's not… we're not…" He stutters. "No."
It all happened so quickly and so slowly at the same time.
(See the end of the chapter for
This is it, the last chapter!
"Actually, yes." Sherlock gave him a dazzling smile as they entered.
Sherlock shuddered at the words, feeling a flush rising from his neck to his cheeks. He buried his face in John's neck, breathing in the scent of warm skin. John's breathing was harsh and quick when he spoke again.
He then took notice of Sherlock, who had his flushed face turned to him. he gave him an intense strange look bearing so many meaning: gloating, possessiveness, condescension... but also, arousal… so much arousal at being watched, it startled Greg for a moment, and then Sherlock was not looking at him anymore, but rather at the gloriously naked man looming over his body.
John was amazed at his own words, but it felt strangely comforting to finally say them out loud.
Sherlock peered into the microscope where John was looking moments ago. It was bright, and through it, he saw a galaxy of bright spheres dancing slowly. It was astonishing
Everyone froze, gawking at him stupidly.
John felt an irrational urge to hold him and take away all the pain. He slowly helped him into the tub, and started stroking the damp mess of curls.
John couldn't wait either even if he wanted to. He pulled Sherlock's underwear down and was finally able to drink in the whole view.
The silence was heavy and loaded, as if something was about to explode in the room. Sherlock felt John move next to him, getting ready for what was to come.
"Okay lads, you'll have to go upstairs and see which room is left for you to stay in. Everyone else arrived before you and called dibs, so I suspect you got the smallest one."
"Watch out." Sherlock hands John his drink, rises on his left foot and does a full-circle pirouette. When he stops, he rests a hand on John's chest, leaning into him to regain balance, and time freezes as they both stare into each other's eyes, slowly moving into each other's orbits.
At any rate, there were other pressing matters at hand. A storm was coming, and everyone at Pentonville recognized the calm before storms. The atmosphere at the facility was charged with tension and anticipation. John found it rather fascinating, like watching animals crouching, getting ready to pounce at each other. Prisoners fought over things like money, drugs, race, or just sheer boredom. Sometimes they had demands when they pulled a full-fledged riot, but other times they were just too pent-up. Anyway, it was just a matter of when a lockdown was going to happen really.
All of a sudden, Sherlock leaned in and with a deep inhalation pressed his lips to John's. For a moment they breathed together and through each other, and then John closed his eyes and let Sherlock kiss him in earnest, lips turning and twisting heatedly but gently.
Sherlock sighed in relief, his heart twisting at the sight of the welted eyes and the pale face. John had lost so much blood. Sherlock shuddered at the memory of holding the limp body in his arms until the ambulance came, lost between attempting to stop the bleeding and keeping John conscious.
"Hamish" John whispered when they broke apart for breath.
"Not that"? That's your basis for an investigation?"
"Look at this place, they'd just renovated. Why would a man invest in a home if he wanted to kill his wife and himself, and…" He stopped and abruptly walked out of the room, there was something he needed to find. John was right behind him when he opened a door to a smaller room next to the master bedroom. It was empty, but clearly just recently repainted with a light shade of pink.
John had never kissed or been kissed like that before, all of his senses were invested and engrossed in savoring the taste and texture of Sherlock's mouth beneath him, he didn't know how long it lasted, but he couldn't peel himself away from the perfect lips.
"How are you?"
That night, John kissed him. It was strange, unexpected, and utterly glorious. They were watching crap telly after dinner. John was quietly giggling each time Sherlock made a comment on the stupid television show that was on, and Sherlock felt victorious every time he did.
This must seem strange to people, Sherlock thought, but he couldn't resist an urge to stay as close to John as possible, so he kept walking behind him.
"The way... a human does. I have no sense of touch"
"Maybe" he says simply as he hands him a mug of tea.
"Sorry." He quickly regained his composure "So, what do you think? Got any ideas?"
Sherlock looked at Lestrade who was breathing steadily through his nose, and placed a palm on his chest. A shudder went through the man, then he sighed and closed his eyes.
"If this is love, I do not want it" he said, feeling darkness engulf every part of his world "Take it from me. Please!" he beseeched weekly.
"I'm just saying, potential flat mates should know the worst about each other beforehand." Sherlock answered, sighing as John traced a finger down his face.
Right. He had to explain, He wished so badly he had an explanation that would give them solace and closure, but what could he say? He had not understood what happened there.
"Oh, no need, it was an accident. You should leave, John. Don't let me keep you from your plans."
It's been days, and Sherlock still doesn't understand what happened. He sits by his window and watches John leave to work every morning. Then, he goes downstairs, turns left and opens John's door.
"Wait" he says, and Sherlock freezes, shoulders tense and eyes narrow in suspicion.
"He is the British government."
John eventually sent him off with antibiotics and a bad limp. In truth there was nothing more he could do, inmates showed up with much worse injuries on a regular basis, but never sought help or revealed their assailants. It was common conviction or a code of some sort that one ought to seek his own revenge, but never involve CO's in it. Therefore, John did not ask further question lest he gets Sherlock in even more trouble, but he could not ignore a strong instinct to try to help him.
“I don't believe in that”
"We can't do this. It's inappropriate and illegal, and I'd be taking advantage of you" John answered as he gently pulled away, letting Sherlock's fingers trace a path on his neck before they were completely off. The touch made him shudder and sigh.
"How is he?"
"It's funny" he said, his back turned to Sherlock, looking at the frames hanging on the walls, "I always end up looking at their wedding photos, and they're always lovely. Harry had one similar to this." He pointed at a picture of the late Mrs. Knight where she had her back turned to the camera, her dress tails trailing behind her elegantly.
As he was hanging his coat he saw his small grey duffel bag on the table
John bit into his lower lip, and Sherlock lost all thought process. Deft hands roamed his back and descended slowly to his bottom. The hands cupped one of his cheeks and pushed him closer until he felt John's erection on his hip. He broke the kiss, gasping for air. John kissed his jaw and neck and let his hand wander again until it was on the tented front of Sherlock's trousers.
A trip to the hospital, and a trip back to Baker Street.
Sherlock decided that his new favorite pastime was to memorize and catalogue every detail about John. He lied in bed next to him, propped on his elbows watching him sleep.
"Why?" he asked lamely, his quick breath saying he knew exactly why.
John's eyes were wide with shock and disbelief. He started taking panicked steps backwards.
"Yes"
"You'd better be careful Holmes, with a mouth like that you won't last long in here" Officer Dimmock sneered.
"I needed to talk to you first."
"He's a psycho. He probably would have attacked anyone." John yawned.
One of his hands went down Sherlock's cheek, down his neck, onto his chest and lifted the loose him of his T-shirt. Moments later John had a feast of pale skin laid beneath him, he groaned as he dragged his mouth and nose all over the delicious torso.
"Maybe you should ask him"
He sat under a big tree where he knew John took his lunch sometimes. Moments later, he smiled and opened his eyes when he felt it: John. How could he not feel it? Everything was gentler and sweeter when John was around.
Just as they moved toward him, he ducked and slid his hand on the handle, went inside the office and bolted the door with a chair. It was only a matter of time before they broke in, as the prize now was not just a hostage. This was the room where the drugs were stored as well. John headed for the other door, having no clue where it led. Outside, he found himself in a hallway not unlike the one on the other side, and he could see another rusty old door in the far end, though it looked like it hadn't been opened in years.
He stopped kissing him, which was unacceptable to every single cell in Sherlock's body, so he pulled him again, but John put his perfect small hand on his lips and whispered again between shallow breaths.
Too soon though, Sherlock was wiped clean, but Greg hadn’t had his fill, so he pushed the soft thighs further apart, stretched his tongue as far as he could, and pushed it inside the loosened wet entrance to get whatever was still in there.
Sherlock just smiled.
Don't leave me for a second, my dearest,
"Wish Amy was here with us. She would have loved this." Bill said, his eyes twinkling with sudden unshed tears.
John froze, still holding Sherlock's arm, needle inches away.
"Glasgow was nice, but I had to get back to London at some point, there were too many important things I left behind." He meets John's eyes as he says this.
"Alright. I'll say it for you. You can't be him because you're overweight and he isn't."
John pulled Bill into a hug, ruffling his hair while they exchanged insults as an expression of endearment.
Sherlock doesn't know what to say so he doesn't say anything. He keeps his face closed and musters every bit of control he has to keep himself from running away from this conversation. He feels foolish.
"Can you see me?" Sherlock repeated
"Yeah, they're out there. You see them, but most of the time you just walk on by. Nobody likes to think of the old life… You know, what they gave up"
"Will you be going?"
"We're fine. Let's check if Lidiya is already inside." John said as they all went inside the house, just as thunder started rumbling and rain intensified.
"Belongs to them. They owned it."
"Dr. Watson will do" John said as he prepared the insulin shot "Your arm please"
"Plus I can smell it" he purred into John's lips.
"I am. I've actually just accepted a position here at Bart's. I understand you're doing your internship there as well?"
Sherlock just waits, still unable to look at Greg.
John can't fault him really, Sherlock made himself clear the first night they met when John attempted to flirt. "Married to my work," he said, and John respected that, though he felt his foolish heart fall a bit deeper even as he was being rejected.
"She knows me. She loves me"
I like you calm, as if you were distant,
"So you're telling me a young, married couple whose idea of a hot Friday night is watching the biography of the father of the Antiviolence Movement keep an unregistered, loaded 32 in their flat?" John was speaking enthusiastically now, unable to contain himself, everything was so obvious, all the pieces were falling into place. "I don't think so. Someone did this. This is like the other ones, Greg. They're all connected."
"50-year-old had a huge anterior wall MI this morning. Collapsed while jogging. Paramedics resuscitated him, but his EKG's pretty ugly."
"Oh my God!" Susan sniffed.
He turned around to glare in his direction, but instead of the anger he expected, John looked like he was trying not to laugh.
"Quick, recite Hail Mary, maybe we can make it go away."
"Oh. So you assume an inmate did it"
For a moment, no one said anything at all. Then, Max laughed nervously "You're joking right?"
"Are you a patient?" the receptionist replied skeptically
He walks slowly to the door and takes the key out, but before he can slip it in, the door opens abruptly and he is facing the very distracting, very disarming smile of John Watson.
"To help him."
"Hey, I'm right here, you know" Greg Lestrade said, though he sounded more amused than angry. John looked directly at his face then. He was a silver-haired man with a joyful face. His brown eyes were relaxed and clear as if he had no concern in the world, much unlike his own wife. John noticed something brown on the side of his lip.
"I know, that's why you eat mine" John rolls his eyes as he hangs his coat and puts a bag of takeaway on the table. He pretends it bothers him, but he intentionally gets extra portions of food because he knows Sherlock likes to eat off his plate or just pick at whatever John's having, and John has a feeling it's the closest thing to a meal Sherlock has all day.
Sherlock seemed reluctant to answer, so John asked another question.
"Right. I forgot you prefer London's smog over actually non-toxic air. Look! There is the bridge. I told you we weren't lost."
“Something you might like. Come by Baker Street at 8, I’ll text you the details.” he said and turned around to catch up with a clueless John
"Well," James gives him a wounded smile "I'll be seeing you around then, I think."
Everything happened so quickly, it felt like it was less than a second. John felt Sherlock's hand nudging his back, at first he didn’t understand, but then he looked at Costello again, and saw a bright red point right above his heart. Snipers outside could see them through the windows, and they must have thought John was being held hostage.
Everyone turned to look, and were faced by a horrifying scene. Outside, the deranged bandaged man was…. Floating? No, it couldn't be! And yet, he looked as if he was flying in the dark under the heavy rain. It was only a second, but he passed by outside behind the glass, and peering from under his huge cape was Lidiya's head. Her skin was bluish and her eyes were wide open, pale, and empty. She was clearly dead.
One night, in a haze of post-case euphoria, he had called John his conductor of light, and immediately felt so embarrassed he thought his face might have melted, but John had just looked at him with twinkling eyes and a little smile that made his heart flutter madly. That was the moment he knew was done for, and he was at the mercy of one John Watson and his navy blue eyes.
Bill gestured at the second woman, who had short brown hair and sharp eyes.
"I can see why Greg warned me about you. You're impossible" John shook his head, now genuinely smiling.
"What?" Sherlock prompted impatiently
"Alright?" John asked, his face so close that Sherlock felt every warm huff of breath on his own cheek.
"I don't beg." Sherlock says stiffly.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Greg, you ever seen this?" he held out a DvD case.
"I'm sure" John laughed as he turned to catch Sherlock's lips with his mouth. They kissed softly at first, lips fitting together like pieces of a puzzle. Sherlock slowly moved to lie half-on top of John, careful not to put any pressure on his left side.
"He's faking it."
Greg hadn't said anything, he had just told him to come to Harry's flat, no explanation. Nothing. He ascended the stairs slowly, trying to tell himself everything would be alright, but his instincts knew better.
Sherlock was bent over kitchen table, torch in one hand, eyeballs in the other. His hands were working animatedly, but his favorite pastime was quickly turning dull after seven entire days of no cases from Lestrade.
"Mind explaining a bit more?" Greg asks, following behind him to the main street.
"First he kills Lidiya, then he attacks John and Sherlock. What is this maniac planning to do?" Max said as he rubbed his hands together nervously.
"Yeah, I haven't had the chance to get dinner. Thought I'd bring some Chinese for us to have before we discuss the cases."
John reached a hand between them to grab his cock, but Sherlock batted it away.
He let his lips drag over the taut muscles of the gorgeous body until it hit something soft and hard, making Sherlock shudder and grab his shoulders harder.
They both groaned as their erections lined up, hot skin on skin. Sherlock started moving, already feeling his body shivering with rapture.
John felt his stomach twisting, knowing what was to come. He moved along the small room until he saw it. A picture of Harry and Clara in white, holding hands and smiling at each other, and next to it, another picture of them holding hands as well, but with blood covering their faces.
"I think your neighbor got the wrong impression about me… us. Sorry, I didn't really correct her."
Only then did Mycroft spare John a glance, he had the same scientist-dissecting-a-specimen look as Sherlock, but that was as far as the siblings' similarity went. Mycroft was cold and condescending, whereas Sherlock was curious and endearingly invested in every small detail.
John snapped out of his reverie to find the OR nurse staring at him in concern.
"Cuff him" the con spit the words in John's ear.
Archie was whispering in Sherlock's ear again and giggling.
"John!" Sherlock screamed at the top of his lungs, making the stranger turn his face to him, though he still continued to lift the axe back above his head in preparation for the strike.
Bill started introducing everyone cheerfully as he laid down pots of hot food on the table.
"Get back… what?" John shakes his head.
John was starting to lose control, but the man did not seem to hear him or want to respond to him in any way. He decided to leave the room before he'd lose his temper.
"I thought we'd go to Brighton, relax for a bit" She paused for a moment, but it was clear she had more questions "So, what did you and your friend...What did you say his name was?"
"Yes."
"No." Sherlock finally said.
But as soon as the moment passes and the fire in their chests dies down, Sherlock flees the scene mumbling something about work.
John sat through Nurse Anderson's daily whining about everything that ever happened to him. He smiled to himself as he thought of how many push-up's he could give him if this was the army. He sighed thinking of the good old days.
More and more functions shut down as John worked his flies and shoved his hand down his pants greedily. He was reduced to one single feeling… one utter pleasure. John stroking him and kissing his neck while he supported most of his limp weight.
"How…"
Also, everything related to medicine I write here is probably wrong, stupid, or stolen from the movie.
He stared at one of Sherlock's pink nipples before he licked it, Sherlock shivered and moaned more loudly, and John tasted him again, this time wrapping his lips around the small nub, making Sherlock jerk and arch his back.
"They were found at approximately 11:30 am today. Neighbor had a break down and she's out of it, can't really give a statement now." He said as John kneeled on the edge of the bed to examine the gun in the husband's hand. Crime scene personnel were passing by around them, some of them glaring at John meaningfully.
And when he speaks to you believe in him,
“No,”  I don’t want to hear this—don’t want to revisit that time at all.  “It was you,” He may as well know the truth. “I was falling in love with you.  It’s only
—what this means to him—what all of this means.
"No.  Well we'll have to get rid of that."
“No,”  He sighs.  “But it’s forced me to acknowledge a few things nevertheless,”  Sherlock shakes his head, brow frustratedly furrowed.
Thanks for reading!
John weaves our fingers together where they lie on his stomach.  I smile against his skin as we fall contentedly into sleep.
John’s fingers brush lazily up and down Sherlock’s arm, eyes locked in their dark cocoon.  The air around them is still, a quiet buzz of potential beginning to make itself known, crackling and simmering along the path John traces over Sherlock’s skin.  It’s been a fair while since they’ve found themselves here—last night they were asleep the moment their heads hit the pillow, and the three days prior were spent running around London and pacing about the cottage, catching a wink on the sofa whenever they were forced to acknowledge it had become necessary.
“Try again,”  John’s voice is measured—dangerous—as he leans forward, his face beside mine.  Henry studies him, as if weighing his options, then seems to internally crumble as he lets out a resigned sigh.
He hasn’t been called in by Ella yet, and we have a few moments to ourselves.  “How was it?” He asks, eyebrows raised, face open and encouraging as ever.
All of this fills me with a great sense of unease.  Who wanted her dead? Why now? Is John a target as well?  Who placed this woman in his life? She began working at the clinic a year ago.  A year
“Oh come on,”  He sits up, turning toward me, sitting cross-legged.  “You know we have to. The sooner we befriend this imbecile, the sooner we can learn what he’s up to,”  I sigh. Of course he’s right. Obviously our client knew that he’s an admirer—that he’d latch onto us from the jump.  I’m beginning to understand why they were so persistent in requesting our assistance. Perhaps there was no one else for the job.  I nod in acknowledgment.
“We’ve been a proper couple for nearly half a year now—getting
, to send it out into the world.  I watch him tapping away, slowly perfecting his words, and think of our three weeks together (Only three weeks?  Already three weeks?) and the profound happiness we’ve found in each other. I don’t want to lose it.
by Marvin Gaye ♪
“Why not?”  He responds quickly, still grinning.  She seems to contemplate this for a moment, then shrugs.
I push gently at his waist, encouraging him to let go.  I want to see his face—want to understand where this is coming from.  Is he as unsettled by Irene as I am? Shaken into action by the undeniable evidence of lost love?  He loosens his grip on my neck, leaning back and sliding his hands to my nape, fingers brushing through the curls there.  When we lock eyes, I understand. Unsettled, indeed. His face is vulnerable, open—earnest as ever. His actions are fueled by emotion, not some sort of inexorable lust.
“Don’t be a twat, John, I’ll stay in the spare room,”  She raises an eyebrow knowingly and John swallows, wondering if that could possibly be true—if one of their beds is about to become obsolete—or if that’s just more wishful bloody thinking.  “Say hello to your man for me.  I’ll make a bit of an effort to tolerate him next time.”
We stand like that, by the door of our room.  Placid, calm, in this sea of blue. Small waves of worry ripple out around us and fade to nothing.  I try to remind myself that I don’t have to be maudlin, don’t need to dwell on what might have gone wrong.  We’ll talk about it later, but for now we’ve found some calm.
Sherlock hadn’t hesitated for a second, and that should tell John all he needs to know.  And yet—
John can feel a giggle bubbling up.  God, he’d missed this easy banter, along with everything else about Sherlock that was stolen from him for two full years.  They do have these moments, now that he’s back—moments where they forget the turn their lives have taken and find themselves giggling together in the corners of crime scenes.  But they’re rare.  And John wants more of them.
“Yeah Harry.  I have.  He’s my best friend,”  John says carefully in the most reasonable tone he can muster.  Harry isn’t always this abrasive.  He continues to remind himself what a mild concussion tossed on top of alcohol withdrawal and a throbbing ankle will do to a person’s attitude.  She scoffs.
But lately he’s not so sure he was right to assume that at all.  For a long time now he’s thought of Rosie as
(Was there really any doubt?)
John looks over and catches me staring at him.  “It’s odd to be here, now,” He looks out of place.  A fish out of water. “I feel like I’ve spent the last few days slowly walking out of the mist I’d been living in.”  That I understand. Straddling reality. Only returning completely now that we’ve anchored each other down.
“What can I do?” I ask.  Tell me how to make this tolerable, John.  He sighs, a sound of relief.
“Yes,” I say, clambering up onto the drum, and grasping John’s hands as he pulls me back up.  “Yes, I think we’d better.”
in the army—is a voice that screams for him to hang on.  To stay put, bide his time.  He suspects it's half madness, half suppressed memory.  Maybe he knows something, innately understands something that’s been said or done and just can’t recall—part of the plot that is yet to unfold.  John has always been a bit slow on the uptake—perhaps he still has a role to play, in whatever wreckage remains of Moriarty’s great game.  Or perhaps it’s wishful thinking.  Delusion.  An unwillingness to let go of the person he was when he was with Sherlock Holmes.
“Will you tell me what changed?”  He’ll know what I mean. What happened in those forty seven hours between the diner and Baker Street that brought him from fury to acceptance?  What compelled him to show up at my door that night? To put his life on hold and fly across the world with me? He sighs. He’s been expecting this question.
“Right,”  Greg downs the last of his stout, smiling at Aoife as she appears out of nowhere to pour him another.  “I suppose not, yeah.”
If the resources available to MI6 have uncovered nothing about Mary’s true identity, I’m not convinced we’ll be able to find much.  With nothing to go on but what she left behind in her flat, I fear this excursion may be a lost cause. But we’ve got to try. I glance at John, who’s just fastened his last button.  “Ready?”
“Don’t ask,” He sips his wine, makes a small sound of approval.  “No really. Unless you’re ready to take on a case--and believe me, we’re happy to have you whenever you are--don’t even get me started.  We’re all pulling our hair out over this one. Heading back to the Yard when I leave here, actually, to try and get ahead of things.”
They’d never once talked about it.  They’d never talked about anything.  All Sherlock knows of Mary is her name, supplied by Mycroft in an offhand comment upon his return—a transparent attempt to prepare Sherlock for the impending heartbreak.  John hadn’t mentioned her, and had brought virtually zero signs of her with him to form a proper deduction about their relationship.  John hadn’t mentioned anything much at all.
you, Sherlock—that was me making a statement of my own.  It was no small thing, for me.  And you didn’t want that—and honestly—that’s all right.  I’m fine with it.  It took me awhile, but I am.  I like what we have.  But now all this—the other night on the sofa—and by the water yesterday, you seemed—“ He cuts himself off with an exasperated huff.
“GPS?”
“A paralytic.  I’m sure of it,” I say this to myself, but John hears, steps closer—
“Definitely alive when burned?”
“Well, yes.  Sex and the rest of it—“
“It’s—”  John sounds shattered, he realizes.  He clears his throat, meeting Sherlock’s eyes for the first time since they’d walked through the door.  He finds himself at a complete loss for words.
Shoulder to shoulder, we stroll through the doors of the Yard.  Lestrade is waiting for us in the lobby, chatting animatedly with the woman at the front desk.  He spins around and beams when he sees us. “All right, you two? Can you believe this? Just like old times.”
He’s trying to stay silent—frenzied puffs of breath—writhing and squirming, twisting and floundering.
Bracketing narrow hips with strong thighs, John wraps his legs around Sherlock’s restless form.  He’s begun a languorous grind—torturous, really—and John finds himself wondering if there’s anything he
—Sherlock above him, moving gracefully against his body, breaths mingled and hearts racing in tandem—doesn’t feel like submission at all.  It feels like—well,
even—so
“I haven’t got anything for you to unwrap,”  Sherlock says once he’s gotten his voice back a bit.  “Since you
He sees it coming.  He is ready.  He has never been more ready for anything in his life.
He looks like a bloody heavenly creature—strong, delicate hands pressed warmly against John's chest, wild eyes now closed tight, long lashes stark against reddened cheeks.  Mussed hair frames his face in riotous tangles, his kiss-swollen lips parted slightly in concentration as he sinks down further, body gradually allowing John in.
"Mm.  Pop into Baker Street, who knows--jump out of a cake."  I smirk, but my heart's not in it. I don't know how else to act around my brother.  This is what we do. Same as it ever was.
now, he’d better get used to it coming in small doses.  Sherlock has never been demonstrative with anyone but Rosie, and it’s utterly ridiculous to expect that to change.  So instead of reaching out and reclaiming the point of contact, he wipes his (actually rather sweaty) hand on his trousers.
“Kind of him,” John mutters into my hair, rolling toward me and pulling me close.  I sigh, tilting my head so that we’re face to face. When our eyes meet, I watch him fight—futilely—to keep a smile from creeping into place.  I can’t help but return it. Can’t help but feel a bit overwhelmed by the bond that we share—the single most profound connection I’ve ever known.  We grin at each other for a moment, before he kisses me. Confidently. Without hesitation. Zero concern for our questionable morning breath, nor for the grains of sand that litter the bed we lie in.  “Should we go with them?” He breathes, as we break apart. “Up to you,” Another peck on the lips, his fingernails dragging lightly across my back.
No sign of a wound, no sign of anything that would cause his abrasive, lippy best mate to retreat so thoroughly into his shell.  Sherlock
“We need to find a
“John,” He glances up at the sound of his name.  “Do you think—are we—” I trail off. What am I trying to ask him?  What do I need to say? He raises an eyebrow.
“Experiment?”
soft breath on Sherlock’s neck causing an overwhelming swell of fondness to course through him.  Sherlock cracks an eye open, turns his head just so.  John is asleep, almost certainly, and Sherlock's mind goes into overdrive trying to plot how to keep him that way, keep him here, like this, for as long as he possibly can.
At least a bit of it.
They’d fallen asleep kissing, he’s fairly certain, which they’d done rather a lot of after John had slid down between his legs, hitched one lean thigh over his shoulder and blown him into a state of absolute bliss.
“It isn’t the same.”
He shakes his head, a futile attempt at shaking off the unwanted memory.  Each time that this happens—less frequently, now, but still much more often than he’d like—he continuously slips back into it until he finds himself quietly sobbing into his palms.  His current bleak reality is constantly melding with the past that he so desperately longs to return to.
Lestrade clears his throat.  It occurs to me that we’ve been staring intently at one another for considerably longer than is appropriate considering the setting.  John snaps his eyes away as his face reddens. Anger? Holds his chin up in defiance. “Yes?” His voice commanding, dangerous. A light rage seems to be suddenly simmering beneath his skin.  Why?
any of them.  He never really wanted to.  Even the person he’d chosen to marry was a stranger to him in the end.  But Sherlock—
“Happy to hear it,”  A stiff nod. “I must be going.  Business to attend to,” He holds back his mobile to reveal his office at the Diogenes Club—not that it wasn’t immediately obvious where he was from the stain on his lapel.  “I’ll be in touch,” A pointed look at John—and he hangs up.
We haven’t looked away from one another—he appears to be waiting for me to respond.  I don’t know what to say. I want to be overjoyed about this. I would love to be the sort of person who can just accept his words at face value.  But I only feel doubt. Brow furrowed, I break eye contact and crawl up the bed and under the duvet. I don’t have the words for this tonight. I need to process everything he’s just unceremoniously dropped into my lap.  I curl up on the edge of the bed, back facing the side that will soon contain John. Perhaps if we can just get through tonight, things will become clear in the morning.
“Hello,”  I rumble, turning toward the table, where John has set the two neatly wrapped presents Mycroft had left on the mantle last night.  “I wonder what my brother has brought us this year. Perhaps a matching set of our very own umbrellas?” John turns to me and grins.
—and erupt with a shout.  Vision fades to white, a haze of sensation, twitching hips and an unfathomable connection.  Tripping toward the edge, fumbling, tumbling—I hold onto John and let myself fall.
I send a quick text to Mycroft.
“Thanks,” He accepts the mug and leans briefly against my side.  I still haven’t said a word, I realize. Still a bit lost in thought.  “All right?” He studies me for a moment, no doubt seeing the constant stream of questions written all over my face.  “Want to talk?” I suppose we should. I nod toward the living room and he follows me to the couch, where we perch facing one another, coffees in hand.  He watches me, waiting. I want to ask him, yet again, to move back to Baker Street—but I’m not sure I could handle another rejection. Especially not now.  I want to know what’s next for us.
you been?”  Mycroft doesn’t dignify this with a response, just sits down to John’s right, pulling a large plate of toast toward himself.
We remain this way for long minutes, wrapped up in each other, breathing together—my hand trailing up and down his spine.  John is the first to pull back, arms still circling my waist, blue eyes staring up at me. They reflect what I’m feeling—everything that I don’t have the words to describe.  I watch as he brings his hands up to cup my jaw, thumbs brushing gently across cheekbones. He leans forward and places a soft kiss on my pulse point—sending a heavy drop of heat skittering down my spine—letting his lips linger for a beat.
Sherlock is quieter, now.  More careful.  They’re together constantly, orbiting one another gingerly as they try in vain to regain what they once had.  Perhaps that’s the problem.
“Uh, fear I suppose.”
“No,”  John smirks, wondering if Sherlock spent the entire night in his mind palace or just watching John sleep.  He can hear Rosie shuffling about in the hall.
He turns on the balls of his feet to face Sherlock, placing both hands on the man’s bony knees to steady himself.  Sherlock gives him a private smile, leaning in to place a swift kiss on John’s still-grinning lips.
and he hasn’t had the heart to tell her that he’s already tried.
“I’ve discussed it with Joel,”  He mumbles.  John nods.  Dr. Joel Fleischman has been Sherlock’s therapist for the last three years and is admittedly a rather lovely bloke, despite being tragically American.  He’s helped them through their lowest points and brought open communication to their once-strained relationship.  “As well as some of the homeless network.  Many of them have been through rehabilitation and have spent time in places like the one I hope to create.  They’ve got a perspective on the matter that I’m grateful to have.  Joel has given me some useful contacts to work out the details of opening a non-profit, as well as staffing it of course—but I—I’d planned on discussing it with you before I set anything in stone.”
“So you two’ve never—”
to stay?  What about—”
John nods in response, smile firmly in place. “Smells brilliant,” He says.  No mention of forgotten nightmares, of tears shed in sleep--
“Yes, she was killed on Wednesday.  It’s a complicated case, and we won’t be releasing all the details.  But the official story is that she was shot during a mugging gone wrong, and died instantly.  You should know, Mrs. Hudson, that she wasn’t exactly who she presented herself to be. No need to worry about me, either.  As you can see, things are good.” Mrs. Hudson doesn’t look like she’s finished asking questions, but she thankfully refrains from pushing the subject.
“Assassins.”
John has been an incredible force throughout this case, despite the emotional toll that it has cost him.  It was he who first realized that we had the wrong man. Saw patterns that my sentimentally naïve mind had missed.  He and I think so differently—sometimes I forget just
“You heard me.  I want to see what you can do with all that--" He waves his hand around in my general direction. "--frustrated energy you’re putting off,”  It’s not the worst idea he’s ever had. Not even close. I consider this. “Or we could play Cluedo, if you’d rather.” He smirks.
“After I jumped—I flew straight to Tibet.  Mycroft had everything in place. A new identity, a new appearance.  There was a group of Moriarty’s—associates—there, that he’d decided would be the first to go,” A human trafficking ring.  Time was of the essence.
I hug him tight, lips against his soft, fine hair.  I feel lightheaded with relief. Can hardly believe it.  I’ve knocked down all my walls for him and he’s accepted me without question.  He hadn't even known what he is to me. I never let him see, before. “John?” He makes a small sound of acknowledgement from where he’s huddled against my chest. “You should know, while I was away, I missed you like a piece of me had been snapped off and thrown out to sea.  I have a lot of regret about the way things happened, when I left.” He squeezes my arm, turns his head up to look at me, eyes shining. “I thought of you constantly. You were with me through everything. You’re the reason I made it through that experience,” He’s reached up to brush my hair from my forehead, silent tears on his cheeks.  “And because of how I left, I expected to come back to anger and resentment. I thought you’d hate me, at least for awhile. I was prepared to try and earn back your trust, to convince you to give me a chance. But every step of the way you’ve surprised me with a level of affection above anything I thought was possible. I can hardly believe my luck.” I swallow.  When have I ever been so forthcoming? This is what you inspire in me, John. He gives me an incredulous look, though his mouth is twisted up into a lopsided smile.
We step into the steaming spray together, hands immediately roaming over heated skin.  His fingers cup my neck, glide up through my wet curls. I run my palms down his arms, snake them around to his lower back.  In a moment of uncharacteristic daring—fuelled by unprecedented lust—I slide them down, down and roughly squeeze his arse, pulling him abruptly toward me.  When our erections brush, a fog of arousal consumes me in a way that I wouldn’t have guessed possible. John moans, whispers a string of profanities under his breath.  I’m not sure where to go from here. I want to touch him, I think. Are we going to do this, then? I suppose that’s up to me. My heart is racing, bursting, boiling over with emotion and unfamiliar desire.  Emboldened by the memory of his words from last week
aNgSt.
We’ve already developed a nighttime ritual, it seems—tucking Rosie in together, reading to her—and then eventually tumbling into bed, exhausted, and falling asleep in each other’s arms.  I still feel a bit awkward about that part of the equation. Still not exactly confident in my ability to not make a fool of myself. But I trust that John will let me know if I’m breaching some sort of bed etiquette, and thus far, it’s all been quite pleasant.
“As I’ll ever be.”
Happy Mental Health Awareness Day!
Before he can overthink it, he reaches out, squeezes John’s shoulder, quickly letting his arm drop back to his side.  John smiles, clears his throat.
We wordlessly move forward, arms pulling each other close—his cheek against my sternum, head tucked beneath my chin.  I let myself breathe him in, closing my eyes and letting my other senses take over. The smell of him, the feel of him—his warmth and the heady combination of emotion and physical sensation that floods through me whenever I have him in my arms.  I sigh as his fingernails lightly scrape up and down my spine through the thin cotton of my t-shirt. And as I drift slowly into sleep, I muse—dazedly, through a fog of sleepy contentment—
“It’s been several years, for me,” Four actually.  But it’s not like I’ve been using. Not since John.  “—no needles since,” I press my lips to his jaw. “And I’ve only been with you.  But I am inarguably overdue for a physical. We can go together, if you like.”
“All right,”  I say, because I don’t want to argue.  I want to manage my doubts and give him a chance to show me that he wants this.  And anyway, our unexpected houseguest—Henry—is likely awake by now, hovering awkwardly in the living room once more.  And we really ought to get up and attempt to assist him with his unfortunate predicament.
“Do you understand what I’m asking you for?  And—more to the point—what I’m
signs—sometimes these things simmer beneath the surface until a person just can’t take it anymore.  But she’d known Sherlock.  She
“Not by you,” Sherlock blurts before he can consider holding back.  John’s brows slowly creep upward.  He squeezes Sherlock’s hand.  “It’s better with you.”
what he’d bargained for—oh.
you’d prefer something more traditional,”  It’s true that the places they’d inquired about were much more traditional, but they really hadn’t spent much time discussing it, consumed as they’ve been with Baker Street and the occasional case.  John hadn’t thought much of it until he’d seen this space.  He could picture it—them—
John knows it the moment he steps through the door of 221B, arms laden with Tesco bags and shoulders hunched with the weight of the day.  It’s too quiet in the flat.  Too bloody still.  The clinic had been a madhouse.  Flu season is upon them, and John is sick of it.  Sick of sick.  But (hallelujah) he himself is not ill.  The man currently occupying the couch, however—
(See the end of the chapter for
room?”
--on my lower lip, I’m gone.
To be fair, he isn’t wrong.  The scent of their mingled sweat and morning breath is lingering in the air around them, but it’s hardly an intrusion.  On the contrary, it’s a welcome dose of reality—this is still happening, they really are here.
Things have been gradually falling into place for us, in ways that I never could have anticipated.  Each day feels like progress, each moment in his presence a gift. “All I had in mind was a lifetime with you,” I respond.  It’s the truth. It really doesn’t matter where we end up. He takes my hand, looks at me intently, and instantly I’m lost in eyes of deep blue.
The note is short.  And absurd:
“I love you,”  Sherlock’s voice is sure, steady.  John feels his heart lurch as his eyebrows shoot up, mouth slightly agape.   “I love you, John.  You know that, I hope,”  He does know, but that doesn’t make hearing it spoken aloud any less alarming.  “If I begin apologizing for the past you’ll only get upset with me,”  He gives John a small smile.  It’s true.  They’re far beyond needing apologies.  “But I do understand.  There are things that—I—”  He shakes his head once.  “I should have spoken with you about this.  In hindsight, that is painfully obvious.  I
Mycroft is well aware that Sherlock had outside forces in mind when it came to protecting John, but it was clear from the start that the doctor would be his own worst enemy.  Trusting that the flat itself would not be the place he’d meet his untimely end if it came to that—lest their beloved landlady be the one to discover it—the interior of 221B has remained unmonitored.  He hardly spends any time there, anyway.  And so, his every move outside of the home they’d shared has been carefully recorded, members of Mycroft’s team have been planted, coworkers at the clinic and barkeeps alike have been recruited.  It’s truly shocking how uncomplicated it is to convince the general public to spy for financial gain.  Dr. Watson himself remains the one and only man to ever turn him down.  Mycroft still thinks of that first meeting from time to time—of how quickly John had chosen to align himself with Sherlock—unhesitatingly
“I--”  How to respond?  I owe him honesty, that’s for certain.  But what if I don’t know the truth myself?  “You’ve noticed, surely, that I’m more prone to bouts of panic, since my return.”
“You disappeared for a bit and came back a mess,”  I was ordering shots, actually. Three of them, as I recall.  Top shelf tequila. John hates tequila. “You were rude to Greg--called him an objectionable halfwit.  You wouldn’t keep your hands off of me at the pub or in the cab home, ignoring my protests. You spilled your pint on the bartender--that was
Carefully folding the letter along its creases—nearly torn from overuse—John tucks the unassuming piece of paper into its envelope and returns it to its rightful owner.  He stares up at the darkening sky, fingers locked around Sherlock’s, having tightened with each of Mrs. Hudson’s final words to him—to his best friend, the love of his life—her reassurances that he’s
Hands scrabbling, seeking more contact, he pushes up under posh fabric—fingers skating over scarred skin.  Sherlock groans into his mouth, rolling back and pulling John with him, hitching a leg snugly over his hip.  Closer than ever, bodies flush together and John’s head still in his hands, Sherlock devastates him, devours him—as though a near-decade of wanting and waiting has led up to this moment.  And it has, hasn’t it?  It has.
“He cared for you, of course,”  Mycroft is pleased to hear that his voice is cooperating.  John stares at him, wild eyed, his entire body trembling with each laboured breath.  “Wouldn’t you have done the same?”
Furious, betrayed, and out for revenge, she loaded a syringe with a paralytic found in the room of Maxwell’s live-in nurse.  She texted Esme, claiming to be a
John grins.
“The contents of the USB drives?”
“Why?”  His voice sounds small, broken.  God, this would be embarrassing if he gave a damn about such a thing right now.  Sherlock’s features are pinched in confusion when John chances a glance up at him.
Oh shit, it's over.  Thanks for taking the time to read this nonsense.
“She’s the reason we’re here,”  John sits up straight on his velvet throne, crossing his legs, ankle to knee.  “Asked for our help, but hasn’t been telling us the whole story. Hoped you might have some insight.”
“If you don’t shut up I’m going back to our lovely,
When the show begins to wind down—finally—nearly an hour later, I slink into the back hallway to wait.
When eventually Sherlock gasps and bats his hand away, he doesn’t protest—gladly allowing him to press them both together within the circle of one large hand.  John can only whine desperately, panting and clutching on to thrusting hips, overwhelmed with sensation as they move together effortlessly.
right in front of his greatest admirer—and Harry had finally had to face the fact that she doesn’t know her brother at all.
he doesn’t say—quite frankly, he’s terrified that he’ll overwhelm him with everything that a relationship generally entails.
“She’s a flighty one.  Has always been a free spirit.  I know that Irene was driving her up the wall toward the end—apparently she’d convinced herself that someone was after her.  She’s always seemed a little paranoid—I guess considering what she does for a living and the people she deals with, it’s understandable,”  He sighs. “Isla took off last summer—can’t remember exactly when. She didn’t tell anyone she was going, but I know she had wanted out.”
We’ve found a balance, together—a way to stay grounded, anchored in reality.  I hope that we will always rely on one another to find humour in the poignant, joy in the piteous.  John has stopped laughing, now. Leans his head against my shoulder, our eyes turned back to the setting sun.
Instead of waiting for her to show up, the wife (Alison Chambers) drove to Esme’s home, waited outside and ambushed her—with a syringe to the neck—at the back door as she was leaving.  She then proceeded to guide the now stumbling, blundering Esme to her bed and burn her alive with a butane torch.
John remains seated where I left him for quite a long time.  Minutes tick by until eventually I feel the bed dip behind me as he crawls beneath the sheets.  I’m all too aware of his presence, every fiber of my being on high alert. I won’t be sleeping tonight.  I’ll be lying here thinking of the fact that this is the first time in my life I’ve shared a bed with anyone at all, and of how the circumstances are cosmically cruel.  I’ll be obsessing over his words, turning them over and over in my head, wondering if we’ll even be able to move forward while being crushed by all of the doubt that plagues us.  I’m thinking exactly that, when I feel a light pressure on my right shoulder blade. John’s hand, unsure of its welcome, reaching out. I freeze. Remain curled up on the edge of the bed and wait.  Both hands, now. His palms against the cotton of my t-shirt. Unmoving. Testing the waters, making sure I’m open to this unfamiliar touch. Am I? I haven’t moved away. Haven’t succumbed to my usual tendency to flee at the first sign of affection from him.  I’ve craved this for so long that I can hardly believe it’s happening. Craved closeness, with him. Only that. Only to reach a level of comfort with one another that would allow us to reach out.
As we approach the simple wooden structure it’s clear that it’s been long neglected.  Not a part of the winter tours, then. A hand painted sign on a post in the ground reads
“John, I--”
“Go on, then,”  John says.  He doesn’t really have any photos of the three of them, come to think of it.  Perhaps a few spontaneous selfies from their trips to the zoo, but nothing quite like this.  He glances at Sherlock.  “Smile, you git,”  Sherlock exhales loudly, but slides an arm around John’s shoulders, scooting in close and tickling Rosie until she squeals with glee.  Molly laughs, takes a few shots, then tosses her phone on the cushion beside her.  “Send them to me, won’t you?”  John wants those photos.  He wants to look at them and look at them and look at them.
by Sufjan Stevens ♪
“All right.  Jesus,”  He pushes his plate away, leaning back to look at her.  She’d managed a bath earlier and has actually gotten dressed today.  Her (only slightly greying) golden hair falls neatly to her chin.  The lines on her face aren’t deep, not really—but the dark circles beneath her pale blue eyes have been a permanent fixture for as long as he can remember.  Still, she looks healthy, all things considered.  She looks almost like his sister again, right down to the cocky glare she’s aiming at him from across the table.  “What was
They’d all gone out to celebrate John’s return to Baker Street.  And they’ve all known for ages now how John feels about his best friend, having been there for him in the grim space Sherlock had left behind.  John himself was the last to realize.  But he’d accepted it long ago.
If it's been awhile, it may help to go back and read Sherlock's letter at the end of chapter 6, as it's referenced a bunch here.
“Oh God, it was Irene?  Should have known that tricky bitch would be involved with this,”  He smiles. “She must have known I could use the cash.”
“I miss you too, John.”
When we stop five minutes later, it’s outside of a small, solitary cottage.  It looks much like all of the other summer rental properties we passed along the way.  Well kept, painted white, yard full of flora—and sitting right in the midst of the redwood forest.  Immediately I see the appeal. Close enough to town to be practical, and secluded enough to be private.  My stomach drops suddenly at the thought of staying in a place like this with John. The chances of him being extremely uncomfortable living in such close quarters are high, considering the likelihood of there being only one bedroom.
Relief and hope and anticipation—an ever-upward sweep of sound that permeates John’s very essence, that saturates his spirit in a way that words never quite could.  Sherlock’s fingers fly over the strings, his arm saws out a melody so thick with emotion, so vibrant and alive.
He sighs, approaching the unassuming wooden barrier, already knowing what he’ll find behind it.  Without hesitation, he turns the knob and steps inside.
He isn’t sure, now that it’s finally happening.  It feels obvious, and right, and like his hands alone are shattering years and years worth of pent up tension, of long-held pain.  He wishes it had happened years ago.  Wishes they’d allowed themselves to have this.  They could have.  He’s certain of that now.
hasn’t.  Neither of them are quite ready to face more of the undignified and unbridled enthusiasm that has been directed at them by the few people they’ve told.  Harry is still texting him daily, asking what it feels like to be
Lestrade presents a stack of paperwork that he forces us to fill out before he’ll let us leave.  Not that he could stop us. But John wants to get it over with, so I stay. Sign on the dotted line.
"You know what."  Belstaff in place, I flounce out the door.  Places to go, people to see. London awaits.
“I’d like to stay, too,” Leans forward slightly, wanting to be heard.  “Despite everything, Sherlock, I’m glad to be here. I don’t like how things have been this past year—seeing you less and less.  I’ve missed you, you know,” A tiny burst of affection in my chest. I’ve missed him too—missed this warm, open version of him—more than he will ever know.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Do you think,”  John begins, his expression ruminative.  “That summoning us here and sticking us in this tiny cottage was her idea of a practical joke?”  He’s leaned against the arm of the couch, toes tucked warmly beneath my thigh, an open book propped against his knees.  It’s been four hours since I’d responded to her rather evocative text message, and we’ve yet to hear back. I’m growing impatient—would like answers to the many questions that continue to pile up in the back of my mind.  Perhaps she did think it would be amusing to place us in a space with only one bed. Or perhaps she’d thought we had already found our way to one another in the decade since she’d seen us last—she had relentlessly pestered John about his supposed infatuation with me, after all.  But she’d had it backwards. She’d gotten it wrong.
The rest of the hour involves Dr. Fleischman--(
His mobile vibrates in the pocket of the jeans he’d gone to bed in.  A phone call, not a text message. It continues to buzz. He stirs beside me, waking gradually and reflexively pulling the phone from his pocket to glance at it—squinting as his eyes adjust to the yellow morning light.
John turns them sideways, a bit out of the torrential downpour, and reaches for Sherlock’s posh shampoo, figuring they may as well actually bathe while they’re here.  Sherlock smirks, leaning forward slightly so that John can comb slick fingers through his hair, massaging his scalp and laughing quietly as he melts beneath his ministrations.
“Sherlock, listen,” John has positioned his chair upright once more, has turned to face me.  Our eyes lock, and I’m lost. This is the man I love. Warm and loyal as ever—as if the past two months never happened at all.  I had missed him. “I—tend to let my anger get the best of me, however misplaced it may be. You know this,” He swallows, pauses before continuing.  “And—despite how I reacted before, it’s—I—” He shrugs a shoulder, gives me a small smile. “Here I am. You know? This is where I chose to be.”
Now I watch him sleep, alone on the big bed in our bland room.  Peaceful and content, blissfully unaware of our current reality.  A brief hiatus from the confounding clutter we’ve found ourselves in the midst of.  I’ve been awake for nearly seventy-two hours now. Can hardly force my mind to focus on the data at hand anymore.  Rarely do I push myself this hard—rarely does it take us so long to find a solution—but this particular mystery has me at a loss.  And while I am loath to admit it, I’m more aware of the tedious maintenance that my aging body requires of me these days. I’ve reached my forties now, and three days without sleep hits me considerably harder than it did before.
Why has
“Thank you, John,”  John only sighs, continues to card through Sherlock’s hair.  He doesn’t need a thank you.  They lie together in comfortable silence, each lost in their own thoughts of the past.  John dwells, as usual, on how far they’ve come.  He’s thinking exactly that as he begins to drift, feeling warm, cherished, content.  “Oh—I’ve extended our honeymoon by a week,”  Sherlock blurts, dragging John back from the edge of sleep.
“When is the last time you heard from him, Ruth?”  She’s devastated. Mournful. Tears silently fall.
by Jay Reatard ♪
(See the end of the chapter for
rule.  None of our guests abided by it, and neither did I.  He kisses me again.
idiot—finding him
If you don't know,
When Sherlock had at last returned to London, the first thing he’d done was hoisted himself through an open window into John’s bland little flat and settled in to wait for his return.  John had walked through the door two hours later, found Sherlock sprawled out on his tiny sofa and stared and stared and stared and stared.  Then he’d punched him square in the nose, crumpled straight down to the floor and cried in his arms for the better part of an hour.  Once he’d pulled himself together, he’d thrown Sherlock out without a word and remained quiet for three full days before stomping up the stairs and into 221B, prickly as he ever was.
“I’m afraid not,”  We’re too late. “She’s gone,”  We should have come sooner—why hadn’t I realized it was her voice behind all of those desperate emails?  Why couldn’t I
“And Dr. Watson.  Lovely to see you as well.”
I'm not going to kill him off in this story.  I LOVE Mycroft, and honestly think he gets a bad rap (although it's extremely amusing in the show, and I wouldn't want it any other way) but I thought it would be interesting to humanize him and see the shift in his relationship with Sherlock.  I also will say that I've seen how an illness like this can change a person's priorities, and I am intrigued by the idea of a character like Mycroft finding some sort of lust for life.  That's it!  Thanks for reading.
“All right?”  It’s Rosie who asks, in a perfect imitation of John’s usual tone.  She picks up on everything—knows that this is the question to ask when I’ve been mentally checked out for too long.  I smile, toss a bit of broccoli at her, causing a fresh wave of giggles.
“Should I be concerned that I’m the one being sent mysterious meeting points?”  John mumbles, chewing on a piece of baguette that he found in the well-stocked kitchen.  “How is it that people always contact us so easily? Is there some database of mobile numbers out there that we’re not privy to?”  Probably. Although mine is plastered all over my website, so nothing really surprises me anymore.
For a moment, I’d thought I had lost him.
Closing the door behind him with a soft
“What is it?”  I don’t know what he’s asking.  I stare back at him, lost in the bottomless blue pools of his eyes.  I feel my heart melt as the affection I’d tossed aside and allowed to be replaced by bitterness comes rushing back in.  The pads of his fingers brush my skin—a sensation entirely foreign to me. Our eyes still locked, I can almost imagine that I see what’s in my heart reflected there.  I convince myself for a moment that it’s coming from him, that he feels something for me too—that I can see it behind the mask that he wears—
We laugh and laugh.
Oh.  He doesn’t want to hear it.
to have what he wants, that he’s
John and I exchange a look.  I'd thought about the decoy drive at length after Mycroft's texts and had planned on trying to probe for answers as to why he was carrying both.  But if he wasn’t even aware that one of the drives was blank, then--
I lie huddled under the duvet—knees to chest, in the foetal position—wondering how much longer I can avoid venturing out and facing John.  I’ll need to summon the courage soon if my near-bursting bladder has any say in the matter. It’s nearly half ten, and he knows full well that I’ve never slept this late in my life.  Can only imagine what he thinks of me, barricaded behind this door to avoid another conversation—I poke my head out from under the covers when I hear a soft knock.
“You’ll be the bloody death of me,” John pants from where he lies beneath me.  “At least now I know what to do with you when you’re bouncing off the bleeding walls.”
I roll out from under him and sprint to the loo, intending to lock him out and take first shower.  He catches me before I’ve even got the door shut, hands on my waist as he backs me up against the tiled wall.  We kiss fiercely, stark naked, fingers roaming across flesh. Step under the hot spray and come together with practiced hands.  By the time we step out, there’s a genuine grin plastered across my face—Happy Christmas, indeed.
“You clearly were.  Somewhere else to be?”  What is this, then? He shows up nearly two hours late and is somehow upset with
He reaches for John’s wrist, preventing him from retreating further.  “The house has a small office, you know.  Built in bookshelves.  I thought it would make a nice study—your own space to work on the blog—perhaps to write that book you’ve been yammering on about,”  He steps closer, barely a foot between them now.  John can only stare up at him in utter shock as he continues to tear apart the narrative John had convinced himself to be true.  “There’s a small stream that runs through the back garden.  I imagined we could show Watson how to catch tadpoles in the spring—teach her about metamorphosis,”  He rests his palms on John’s shoulders for a beat, then slides them down, grasping his biceps tightly.  “I want to build a life with you, John.  I thought we’d already begun to, but you seem to think there’s a chance I’ll walk away.  There isn’t,”  He peers down at John, who can feel the last of his defenses turn to dust behind his ribcage, heart squeezing and releasing as a fresh wave of tears spill from the corners of his eyes.  “We need space to grow—all three of us do.  We had our start here, but we’ve outgrown it, don’t you think?  It’s time to move on.”
in a month—and I still can’t believe I've managed to keep him.  You know what we’ve gone through together.  There was—a lot to work through.  It wasn’t always good.  But now that we’re—yeah,”  He clears his throat, swipes at his eyes.  “Shit.  Yeah, I’m—a bloody lucky man.  And grateful.  You’ve no idea,”  She stares at him for an uncomfortably long moment.
“Please, may we come in?” John chimes in now.  His charm always could cut right through my brash demeanor.  He smiles warmly at her, and she thaws noticeably. “Just a few questions.  It won’t take long.”
“You want to have a conversation about sex?” Sherlock asks, brows raised and a smile playing around his lips.  John can’t help but grin back at him.  He’s aware that his timing is a bit questionable.
Sherlock tangles their legs together, presses close, twists his long arms around John until there’s no space left between them.
Sherlock stands before the windows, outlined in fading late-afternoon light and staring right at him—into him, through him, straight to the crux of him—hair wild and eyes wide, dressing gown billowing about his form as though he’d just twirled to face John head on and never quite stopped spinning.  He looks ethereal.  Otherworldly.  Untouchable.  He always has.  John swallows.  Sherlock’s violin is pressed to his jaw, bow freshly rosined and poised against the instrument.  John steps inside, closes the door behind him, leans back against it and waits.
The car slows dramatically once we reach a small, bustling town.  It seems that this area is quite a destination in the summertime, as people are wandering around everywhere, many of them carrying giant inflatable tubes—presumably to be used for floating down the river.  We glide through the town centre, the street lined with small breweries, bars, shops—and finally turn onto an inconspicuous road that brings us back to the trees.
no less?”  My heart sinks.  This isn’t something we talk about.  Little about Mary—or their unfortunate marriage—is worth remembering, and we’ve come to a silent agreement over the years to avoid that particular pain.
like it--no, I didn’t mean--”
We climb into our absurdly small convertible—John and his superior sense of direction taking the wheel—and pull out of the concrete parking ramp of the Santa Rosa Junior College.  Molly had called in a favour with an ex-colleague who’s affiliated with their labs, and we’ve spent most of the day holed up there, attempting to discover what John unknowingly ingested this morning.  The city is but a twenty-six minute drive from our cottage, so it was an extremely convenient trip.
“Dinner?”  John asks as we pull away from the kerb.  Solid food does sound quite appealing—I’ve been subsisting on coffee for days now.
So formal.  Oh, this is a terrible idea.  Molly may have succeeded for over a year now at keeping Sherlock’s massive, deadly secrets—even from her bloody
with John’s tendency toward the same dark thoughts that sparked whatever demon pushed Holmes over the edge.  After the war—after the months of hospitals and that depressing little bedsit he’d insisted on rather than staying at her flat—she was certain she’d lose him.  She’s still certain she would’ve if that mad bastard hadn’t shown up and distracted him so completely.  Something about him gave John a reason to live again.  To
“How does that work, then?”  He tries, carefully keeping his tone light.
--erupting into the sheets with a series of hoarse shouts.  John moans loudly into my neck and pounds down once, twice, three times more.  His hips jerk feverishly, body going rigid--sobbing and releasing all the tension he’s been holding onto--safely into the space between my thighs.
“Sherlock?”  Oh, God. “You don’t have to hide from me, if that’s what you’re doing,”  How does he always know? “Just come out, I’ve made breakfast,” My stomach growls expectantly at the mention of food.  The single olive he convinced me to consume last night was not, surprisingly, enough. I wait another ten minutes so that I can act like it was my own idea, head to the loo, and then shuffle into the kitchen.  John sits at the table, book in hand. He’s set out a plate of toast for me—bacon still simmering on the stove—and when I drop down into a chair to join him, he pours a cup of coffee. Adds a spoon of sugar. Slides it across the table toward me.  “Hey,” He says. I’ve thus far managed to avoid looking directly at him, but now I hesitantly meet his eyes. Warm and open, he watches me while I gather my thoughts. I let out the breath I’d been holding—a long, exasperated exhale—and carefully consider my words.
“Come in, John,”  I retreat into the kitchen, hoping he’ll follow.  He does. “Tea?” A nod. He leans against the worktop while I start the kettle.  I keep my back to him for as long as I dare, trying to formulate a coherent thought without broadcasting my confusion all over my face.  Can hardly believe he’s here. Is he actually considering accompanying me? Or perhaps he’s here to talk me out of it entirely. But why should he care if I leave?  We don’t see each other anymore. I reach for two cups, and turn to face him at last. He’s watching me, his expression contemplative.
Right away they’d come to some unspoken agreement to take a few days—often a week—off from the work after each of the more time consuming cases.  Exceptions are made for particularly interesting crimes, of course, but otherwise Sherlock finds less invasive things to occupy his mind—usually scouring his email and working on simpler cases from home, or picking through Lestrade’s seemingly endless supply of cold case files.  He can still be found at the morgue every now and then, and there’s almost always an experiment in progress at the flat.  But mostly, he gives his attention to the two of them.
John could not care less.  He’s got to try.
“Can we talk?”  Sherlock’s voice is low, eyes drifting to Rosie—who’s found a new friend and is playing in the sand not three metres away—then to a bench to their right.  John nods and follows him, taking a seat and holding his breath.  “Last night—“
He pictures the two of them like this and groans into John’s temple as his own cock swells.  John teeters on the edge of the bed, still fully clothed and feet firmly on the floor as he pushes his hips desperately into Sherlock’s hand, writhing against his chest and into the expanse between his two long legs.  Sherlock’s arms hold John possessively, his fingers work him relentlessly.  The sounds escaping him are like nothing Sherlock’s experienced before—
“I miss you, too,”  I do. We’ve spent a lot of time together in her eight years of life.  She and John practically lived at 221B after Mary died. Once we got past all of the bitterness and blame—once I got clean and he learned to keep his anger in check—we were like a little family, for awhile.  They always had their own flat and their own obligations, but our lives remained entwined. It was only in the past year that things began to fall apart. “When your dad and I get back we’ll go rollerskating.  All right?” She nods. I used to take her often while John was at the clinic. We’d go in the morning, when there was hardly anyone there, and skate in circles for hours. Well, she would—I’d walk beside her and hold her hand.  And then we’d go to lunch. We developed our own little language—never really having to say much. I’d even taught her a secret handshake—
Just as I’m scrambling the eggs, John shuffles in.  “My God, are you making me breakfast?”
to Bohemian Grove.  You’ll only end up arrested.  This isn’t Baskerville you’re dealing with, it’s considerably more sinister.”
He knows Sherlock.  Obviously.  He knows how he is when there’s a puzzle to solve.  And it’s fine.  All of it.  But it still stings, a bit, to watch his own texts pile up, unread and unreturned.  He wants to bask in this new sense of possibility hovering around them with the only person in the world who understands exactly what he’s feeling—what he’s nearly overflowing with, to be perfectly honest.  Sentiment.  Again, John smiles.
The tears come, then.  His small gesture has shaken loose everything I’d hoped to bury deep.  All of the ways my brother has supported me, everything he’s done that I’ve brushed off, scoffed at.  As a lonely, disconsolate child--or half-dead with a needle in my arm--again, when I needed to disappear--
Grinning against Sherlock’s lips, John rolls them over, lying face to face on their sides once more.  Without hesitation, he tucks fingertips into the waistband of tight black pants and pulls back slightly to look at the man in front of him.
On the desk sits a laptop, still in the box.
“The flat—Mycroft has asked me not to rent to anyone but you for the foreseeable future.”
would leave?  John had spent the following months thinking the same—certain that he’d overstepped entirely—that it would be the thing to finally break their precarious relationship.  He’d also had to nurse his emotional wounds, to learn to accept the rejection.  It was a complicated time.
“Yes,”  She breathes, looking around in candid awe—eyes halting on a door to the right, painted a darker shade of pink.  She glances back at Sherlock, who nods, watching as she heads over to open it.  Expecting a closet, John is struck a bit dumb when they enter another narrow room, this one painted a deep emerald green with a similar mural woven over its walls—this time the leaves are in tints of pink, massive flowers threaded amongst them in shades of sea green and burgundy—and instead of birds there are hundreds of
We tidy ourselves up as much as is possible with the limited resources of a medieval garden shed.  Stride back out to face the world, a bit rumpled, bit wrecked, but hand in hand.
Mummy asks John about his time in the army, wants to know, too, how he liked medical school.  Inquires about his childhood, Harry, his parents, and then proceeds to question how he spent every other moment leading up to, and after, the day he moved in to 221B.  John handles the interrogation with a practiced grace, born out of his time as a doctor and soldier--patiently answering her questions, laughing sincerely at her piteous attempts at humor.
He interrupts.  “Whatever it is, Sherlock, the answer is yes,” Really?  It’s that simple? I look at him for a long moment and then hesitantly bring my arms up, slip my fingers under the hem of his burgundy plaid shirt, meeting the warm skin of his waist.  I pause. “Go on, then,” He says, a small smile still firmly in place. So I do. I slide my palms up his sides, across his ribcage, back down his taut abdomen.
Abruptly he pulls out, crawls onto the bed, tugging me along with him.  I climb on top and sink down onto his solid shaft. Without hesitation, I begin to move.  Rock my hips, slide up, slam down. I lean forward and brace myself, hands on either side of his head.  He grabs my nape, pulls me down to kiss me wildly, his hips pumping up into me as we move in tandem.
get to the point.  “I—wanted to suggest she call you dad.  Or whatever you like, really.  If—if that’s all right.”
It’s true.  He would love to have Sherlock here right now.  He misses him deeply.  He misses him constantly.  He misses him when he’s lying in bed at night, when Sherlock is just a staircase away.  He misses him in the aisles of Tesco, at the clinic on the rare occasion that he actually picks up a shift, on his walks through Regent’s Park when he thinks he needs space.  He misses him when he’s sitting right in front of him, a fire flickering between them, John hiding behind a novel and Sherlock hiding behind closed eyelids and his own two hands.  But—
“I’m sure of it,”  John stares at her, willing her to look at him, but she doesn’t.
“Yes, yes,” I wave my hand, the one that isn’t holding a phone to my ear, in exasperation.  “I need more data, Mycroft. Find out whatever you can about her actual identity and send me the file.”  I hang up with as much of a dramatic flourish as one can muster on a touch-screen. So far we’ve learned a disconcerting amount about the woman who called herself Mary Morstan.  Enough to have John questioning everything he thought he knew.
He gives me a look.  “Yes, Sherlock, upset that we’re together now.  She’s been in love with you for ages.”
The pages are filled with accounts of her husband’s abuse.  Frequent physical and sexual assault. Emotionally manipulative.  Day after day, gradually tearing her down. We read on in horror, John quietly muttering “Oh my God,” every now and then.
“Thank you, Molly,”  He says quietly, bracing for impact as Rosie predictably jumps right onto his belly, rolling into the space between them and immediately snuggling up to Molly.  Traitor.  He opens his eyes just in time to see Sherlock flop down beside him at an angle, dropping his head unceremoniously against John’s chest and reaching for his hand, easily tangling their fingers together despite their audience of two.  There’s one question about boundaries answered, then.
“Ah—hi,”  John says, shaking hands with each of them.  I note immediately that they’re both intimidatingly fit.
“No case,”  Sherlock breathes, unable to look away.  “But you came anyway.  And you don’t seem upset,” He searches John for any sign of annoyance at his deception, but John only shrugs.
He lies still.  Still and silent as he can manage, just as he had done last night when John had begun to touch him—
“I know that,”  Sherlock says, burying his nose in John’s hair.  His fingers squeeze the back of John’s neck, palm gliding down his spine and landing at the small of his back.  “I feel it, John.  I always have.”
And I’ve been watching you stare at him all night.  I don’t know who you think you’re fooling, but—“
as he’d like to believe.
He finds himself once again wrapped up by two long arms as Sherlock approaches from behind and moulds himself to John’s back, the fingers of his right hand drifting through the fine hairs on his belly—something he seems to enjoy.  John smiles.
“It’ll be fine,” He says, the look in his eyes reiterating his words of reassurance.  I want to believe him, but I’m stuck in a spiral of doubt. Can’t quite break free from the noise in my head.  We go inside, finding Henry hovering awkwardly in the living room. John must have told him to let himself in while he waited for me outside.  “Help yourself to whatever’s in the kitchen. Blankets are over there,” He points to the perfectly folded pile that he keeps on the end of the couch.  “We’re off to bed—goodnight.” He seems to be in a rush to leave Henry’s presence, and I don’t question it. He had something to say, and his entire demeanor tells me that he still needs to say it.
“Bath?”  Sherlock asks, grinning back at John as though he can read his mind.  Another wave of giggles escapes as he imagines the two of them trying to fit into that ridiculous blue tub.
“When?”
John tucks Sherlock’s head beneath his own chin, smiles when he immediately burrows into the dip of John’s neck, breathing him in.  He tightens his grip, wraps his arms around the man.  He kisses his temples, rubs soothing circles across his back like it’s second nature—like they were always meant to interact in this way.  Gently.  Reverently.
He stands before her in a too-big, burgundy fairisle jumper and the same baggy jacket he’s always worn.  Slim-cut trousers and brown leather shoes.  He’s made an effort to look put-together.  She wonders who he’s trying to fool.
“It’s a beautiful letter,”  John says, voice hushed, breaking the delicate silence that had fallen over them.  “I miss her,”  He lets his hand linger on the slight curve of Sherlock’s waist, keeping a point of contact as he considers his next words.  “I’ve been a fool,”  He breathes.  “I’ve given you countless reasons to doubt my sincerity.”
“Sherlock,”  John breathes.  Sherlock is quiet for a long moment on the other end of the line.
I pass the time sipping my cider and studying the crowd, looking for anyone who stands out—straining to listen for an English accent.  Hoping—futilely—to stumble across our mysterious Mr. Collins. At precisely nine o’clock, the music fades. A split second of silence as the crowd turns their attention from their conversations to the stage I’ve been hovering near—and then, a deafening roar of cheers as an abundance of black sequins in four inch heels marches onto the stage.  It appears I’ve managed to stumble into a drag show. All right, then. At least things are getting interesting.
His heart isn’t in it.  His heart is lying here beside him on their sitting room floor.
Alone, together.
He asks me about my family as we eat.  Wants to know what to expect from my parents.  He’s concerned, I think, that they won’t accept him.  They will. They’ll hardly believe I’ve managed to keep him.  “They’re quite normal, actually,” He raises a disbelieving eyebrow.
John had said.  Whatever that means.  She takes her leave. “John—will you—can you tell me what happened?”
“Her own,”  I supply coolly.  It’s true, after all.  She’s playing Moran just as she’s been playing us.  She brought us here under his orders, and directed us toward him as an act of rebellion.  Perhaps the only card she had left to play.
Thirteen.
He sighs.  A long exhale.  “Do you really want that?  You want the two of us constantly underfoot?  It worked for you and me before, Sherlock, but things are very different now.  They have been for a long time.” Is this why he’d refused to come back? He was afraid he and Rosie would be some sort of burden?
Neon pink waves, cascading down his back and ending at his (cinched) waist.  A short, glittery dress in a similarly offensive shade. Heels that make me question whether he’ll be able to remain upright for any substantial amount of time.
—inside me.  I let myself melt against him, both of us gradually drifting away—minds floating, weightless, but anchored in each other’s arms.
It’s late afternoon now, and we’ve just pulled up to the cottage.  I watch John unfasten his seatbelt, remove his gloves carefully and place them in the pockets of his jacket.  Stalling, then. So am I. Both hesitant to break the spell that’s been over us all day—out, together, in this town that’s not our own.
But Sherlock is fed up.  Fed up with John’s stubborn stagnancy and with his own inability to begin a conversation, to begin inching back toward the man he considers his best friend and most trusted ally, to find the closeness they had once shared.  Maybe (he can hope) even more than they’d had before.  After everything, after all they’ve been through together and all that John has lost—something has got to give.
“I’m sorry I never said,” Sherlock mumbles against John’s skin, sending an irrepressible swell of affection bubbling up through his chest.  John sighs, presses his mouth firmly against the crown of Sherlock’s head.
John stands at the kitchen sink, watching water run into the kettle in a steady stream, and lets his mind wander into spaces he’s never fully allowed himself to go.
Now time is on their side at last.  No obligations for the moment—Mycroft’s case, as it turns out, won’t require their services until the day after tomorrow.  They’ll be spending some undetermined length of time in Cardiff, looking into one of his
We lunge at each other.  The wine, the joy of the evening--as well as the exhilarating feeling of being out to our friends--all combine to create a heavy cloud of lust around us.  We’re scrabbling at one another, pulling at shirts and unbuttoning trousers with fumbling fingers.
Is that true?  Perhaps not, but this is certainly in another league—another
by Beat Happening ♪
me, but she certainly outwitted me that night.  “I spent several more years ignoring her text messages until
“Haven’t found a plausible reason for two British blokes to end up in a place like this,”
Modern, unlike the exterior of the house.  A large bed centred against the east wall. Telly, desk, kitchenette--and nearly every single object within it is some shade of blue.  The eccentric woman who showed us to our lodgings informed us that each room is themed with a different color. Grateful that we didn’t end up in the pink room, we stash our bags on the desk and call Stella Eames.
strange, for us.   “Come here?” He asks quietly, lying back and stretching his arm out against the bed in invitation.  I hesitate, then slide over awkwardly and tuck myself against his side. His hand immediately comes up to rest on my back, and I gradually relax into him, head pillowed on his shoulder.  I wrap an arm around his waist, keeping my hands out of his shirt this time. He sighs. Content. I let myself take comfort in this, too—in his warmth, his proximity. He’s right. It feels right.  “Goodnight,” He whispers into my curls, his hand brushing up and down my back. I tighten my grip on his waist, hitch an ankle over his, and melt slowly into sleep.
"No it isn't."
“Nope,” I say, popping the
—whatever that means—that he’s taken under his wing.  Apparently he’s had a whole string of live-in boyfriends who don’t seem to question his appalling personality.  When I’d inquired about the whereabouts of the others, I was met with shrugs.
money, and you’re my family.  We have the means to live comfortably, so let’s.” He doesn’t respond to this, just moves forward and wraps his arms around my waist.  Kisses my jaw. What did I say? It seems I’ve somehow gotten this right. Whatever’s happening, I’m going to take it as a victory. “So--Thai?”
“We go out
“John,”  Reluctantly tearing his eyes away from where Rosie and Sherlock are clutching each other's arms and laughing at the bottom of their new—still rather novel—slide, John turns to meet Molly’s inquiring gaze.  “A word?”  She nods toward the French doors that lead to the back garden.
“I will accompany you anywhere, Sherlock.  That’s always been true,”  John tugs on the long fingers laced with his own and Sherlock slides over, dropping his head to John’s chest and relinquishing his hand in order to memorize the dips and bumps of his ribcage, the planes of his chest, skin hot through the cotton of his shirt.
“Why would I?”
really known— what goes on at Bohemian Grove.”
“Hi,”  She says, grinning at the sight of them and wasting no time climbing up onto the bed, crawling over John’s legs and curling up in the middle.  John rolls onto his side and brushes his fingers through her blonde ringlets, smiling as she reaches for Sherlock’s hand.  She waits for him to stop playing with her hair and then grabs onto his hand, too.
He stands up, walks over and climbs right into my lap, straddling my thighs.  Wraps his arms around my neck, presses his lips to my cheek, then speaks softly into my ear.  “Listen to me. You’ve spent two years alone in Hell. Now you’re home and safe and very, very loved.  You need to give yourself time to acclimatize. If jumping back into cases is triggering, then we won’t take any until things are more settled.  If you really decide that it’s not worth the risk, then that’s fine too. We’ll take safer cases, or find something else,” I let my head drop to his shoulder.  I can’t imagine us doing anything else. He runs his fingers through the curls at the nape of my neck. “Everything will feel beyond your control for a while. Some things
By the time big brother had come to usher him away, his walls were firmly in place once more.
he thinks dazedly, pulling Sherlock closer still,
“I love you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
And Sherlock knows he’s pushing it.  Pushing John.  He
John gasps, gut lurching as Sherlock moans breathily against his lips.  The sensations that this proximity brings are quite new—the feel of a rather impressive erection pressed against his own has his mind scrambling to catch up.  He breaks the kiss, leaning back slightly to meet Sherlock’s eye—to check in, really—a final goodbye to the careful distance they had come to know.  Staring resolutely into blackened depths, he sees unbridled affection, earnest desire—and an unspoken request for John to take control.
John cuts in.  “You’d been stalking Mary, then?  If that’s the case, I was probably pretty hard to miss.  Considering what I now know about her, I can’t say I’m entirely surprised someone shot her.  But please, enlighten us. Why?”
, really?” We’re scouring the jumble of files in Mary’s folder on the USB drive.  Four folders, one for each member of AGRA. Really, could they have come up with a more idiotic means of insurance?  “Sounds a bit posh, doesn’t it?”
Now I drop down onto the couch, as far away from John as the large sectional will allow, let my head fall back and release the breath I’d been holding.  I need to set aside the tension I’m feeling over this situation we’ve found ourselves in. We’re on a case. It doesn’t have to be so difficult. I’ll make sure that John is able to broadcast his heterosexuality far and wide if need be.  We’ll have our story in order—just two mates, out on the town. In the area for the summer. Why? I don’t know. I’ve never been especially adept at fiction. That’s John’s area.
“Phone?”
.) and make our excuses to head back upstairs.
I kept the cheesy last line because fuuuuccckkk youuuu, they deserve a cliche fireworks moment.  <3
“My brother held yours in high regard.  That isn’t something that I take lightly.  If he’s struggling, I’ll do whatever I can,”  She sighs, resigned.  Clearly, she hadn’t expected to have to take on this burden—never thought she’d be the one to pick up the pieces of her brother’s shattered life when she’s barely holding herself together as it is.
Molly smirks.  “Anyway, Molly, we should be off.  Thank you so much. Really.”
When Molly lets go at last, she instantly drops down to sit cross-legged in the grass, patting the space beside her.  John joins, honestly grateful to continue this conversation.
“Drugs in her system?”
“Sherlock had known it was coming.  He’d chosen the meeting point on the roof of St. Bartholomew’s—it was his idea to send you to check on Mrs. Hudson.  You were never meant to be there to witness his fall.  He didn’t want that,”  Greg is a bit horrified hearing this spelled out so bluntly.  Leave it to Mycroft Holmes to be completely devoid of emotion while describing his brother’s last day on Earth.  He chances another glance at John—his face is like stone, but his eyes are soft, slightly damp.  Greg feels a sympathetic pang.  It must have been downright traumatic for him, watching it happen.  He’s thought about it often in these past months, but watching John relive it now makes it all the more real.  An absolutely cruel thing to do to your closest friend, even if it was supposedly done to spare his life.  Despite Sherlock’s best efforts, John is barely hanging on.  “I’m telling you this now, Dr. Watson, to make it clear that there was nothing you could have done to stop him.  You’d done nothing wrong; it was an impossible situation.  I made a promise to my brother to look after you when he’s gone, and I’m afraid I’ve failed at doing so.  I've chosen to speak with you about this rather than to take more...
“Ta,”  They’ve always spoken to each other this way.  Honestly, he loves her for it.
“He talks to me, you know.  About you, I mean,”  This is certainly news to John.  He can’t imagine Sherlock speaking to anyone—aside from his trusted therapist—about much of anything regarding
“What?”  His voice cuts through her unfinished thought, eyes a bit wide and wondering.
“And what is meant to happen next?”  I ask, watching him closely for any signs of dishonesty.  He shrugs, looking defeated.
it reads.  He knows that we won’t truly feel safe as long as we remain unarmed.  This weapon was once like an extension of John’s body. It had served him well in the army, and he had refused to part with it after—laws be damned.  It saved my life on our very first evening together, and has kept us safe many times since. Still, he will no doubt insist on spending time at a firing range before we jump back into a life of action.  John is nothing if not responsible. Always was. One of us had to be.
He walks in a slow circle, the wooden floors that are found throughout the entire cottage creaking slightly beneath his feet.  He suspects that Sherlock left it as a blank slate quite intentionally—giving John control over his own space.  While the sentiment is appreciated, he rather resents that there’s a wall between them at all.  Eyes scanning the room, he tries to picture a bed against the left wall, perhaps a set of chairs in the corner.  A carpet, naturally—maybe a lovely Moroccan one like Sherlock bought for the loo.  A dresser, too—beside the single door that sits in the center of the wall to his right.
“Practicality, John.  I thought—well Rosie will be needing her own space soon.  You can’t share forever, and she’s nearly four.”
“Not at all,” I respond, smoothly extricating my elbow from his grasp.  “We’d planned on being here anyway,” We hadn’t, obviously. But no part of me wants this man to think that I’m here because he asked me to be.  John clears his throat, drawing Hal’s attention to him for the first time tonight.
We’ve decided to go traditional with dinner tonight.  We’re roasting a(n enormous) turkey, and serving all of the holiday standards.  John has also insisted on making pigs in blankets (ridiculous), and Mrs. Hudson is bringing Christmas pudding and mince pies.  We’ll have a full house—Lestrade will be joining us, as well as Molly and her new fiancé, who we’ve yet to meet. Harry is coming, too, and John has been worrying himself sick over the presence of alcohol.  She’s nearly five weeks sober, and he doesn’t want to tempt her. She’s been spending quite a bit of time at the flat as of late—it’s honestly been nice having her around. She’s found new employment at a café and has been doing quite well, all things considered.  I want to believe that she’ll be perfectly fine tonight, but I suppose only time will tell.
“Sorry,
as well.  Ridiculous.  And a perfect setting for smut laced with botanical metaphor. ❀
at the time.  Was still trying to accept it.  We had just gotten through the worst year of our lives together—Mary’s death and all of the pain that had followed—and I was coming to terms with my dawning realization that he was the unrequited love of my life.  When he’d enthusiastically insisted I reach out to her, I did. I thought that if I couldn’t have John, I may as well seek out a distraction. It was too difficult to be around him, at the time.
“Hello,”  She says, remaining in the hallway and hovering obnoxiously, half in and half out.  “Thought perhaps you’d like to go for a pint,”  Her voice grates on his nerves.  It’s irrational, he knows.  Been a long day, is all.  A long week.  A long six months.  He really doesn’t need to take his own misery out on this poor woman.  “Nearly half eight,”  She glances unnecessarily at her watch.  “Join me?”
“Long overdue,”  He manages.  Sherlock looks up at him, eyes red-rimmed and not entirely dry, then glances back down at the envelope.  He opens it carefully, inhaling slowly as he slides the adoption papers free, carefully unfolding them, already filled out and signed by John.  “As I said—”
Another short one.  Should perhaps warn that the first paragraph is Sherlock's panic attack, if that's something you'd like to avoid.
She means it to be cruel.  Accusatory.  She wants to rile him up.  But John is done with denying any part of himself or anything that he might feel for Sherlock, so she can take her negativity and go suck a fuck.
for you when you married Clara?”  He watches her wince, predictably, and immediately look away.  “You two were together for eight bloody years, and I know full well you didn’t touch each other for the last two.  And yet you both stayed.  Tried.  You can’t tell me, Harry, that you don’t understand,”  Clara had been his friend.  She’d come to him when things were at their worst.  She’d tried
“The unfamiliar room, maybe,” He muses quietly.  “They were always worse for me, outside of 221B.”  I stay silent. He may be right.
“God,”  John breathes, looking a bit reverently up at Sherlock.  “I’m not sure I ever fully imagined what my life would be like at this age, but I certainly never thought I’d be having so much bloody fun,”  Sherlock grins back.
It’s nearly half two when the door swings open, revealing Mycroft—two perfectly wrapped presents in hand.  “Say nothing,” He says in lieu of a greeting. Strides into the flat. “Open them later,” He sets the gifts on the mantle and glances around the room.  “Happy Christmas,” He adds.
In front of the bath, stretching toward the shower, is a carpet unlike anything John has ever seen.  Its thick pile is ivory, but woven into the simple backdrop is a flurry of symbols and colours with no apparent rhyme or reason.  The design is almost tribal—lopsided diamonds in varying sizes, odd zig-zags and slashes in clashing colours—browns and reds and pinks.  Throughout the rug are tufts of that familiar royal blue, making it look perfectly at home beside the clear centerpiece of the room.
“Hudson Housing Grant,”  Sherlock says, again, as though testing the words on his tongue to see how they feel.
“Look, he sent me here.  Is that what you want to know?  And yeah, you’d probably be wise not to drink that coffee,”  I feel a familiar panic begin to rise in my chest. Always triggered—after the two miserable years as a dead man and my subsequent capture—by the loss of control.  I’ve learned to keep it at bay, over the years—learned how to beat it back and get on with the work. But it’s still often there. John tightens his grip on my shoulders, a reminder that he’s with me.  He has always been able to see when I’m affected by PTSD. He was the first to notice—to call it what it is—and has helped me through many a panic attack in the years after my return. But the panic doesn’t control me anymore.  I rise to my feet, John dropping his hands and moving to stand at my side, fists clenched.
