“I know,” Sam sighed, “I’ve got Emmy taken care of. Keep an eye on Cas. I’m not comfortable with this Dean.”
Cas shuddered as another wave of heat hit at Dean’s words, causing slick to soak through his pants. Dean’s eyes flashed red and Cas knew at that moment that his life was over.
“Cas was sick, Tadpole, he need someone to help take care of him.” Dean tried to explain to her as he picked her up for a hug.
Dean smelt him before he saw him. His hands got sweaty and they were shaking slightly as he held on to the door of his locker. his heart sped up and for the first time in two weeks a small smile graced his lips. He turned around thinking he would see Cas standing behind or at least close to him but he wasn’t. Dean looked around to see where he was, he had to be in the hall. Then Dean’s smile faded as his heart broke.
Dean was stumbling a little down the steps but he made it down and started to jog around the porch. “Baby, you’re a firework, come on and show them what you’re worth,” Dean sings, horribly off key, with his phone.
He turned around and looked in at the kitchen, it was small also. An old fridge and stove sat side by side against the wall. A counter ran the rest of the length of the counter, with a sink about halfway down, above the sink was another window, looking out at the small lake on the property. There were dirty moth eaten curtains blocked most of the view.
“No, I’ll be ok. Thanks though.” Dean said leaning back into his soft pillows and kicking off his shoes before pulling up his blanket and snuggled into it.
He turned right down a hallway just past the offices. The hallway was still lined with country flags. Each hanging the same length apart and high enough so that they didn't touch the floor. The elevator was in this hallway, the staff and faculty only elevator, but that didn't stop Dean, Benny and Ash from acting like crazy people in it or seeing if they could beat it down to the bottom floor. Ash even rewired it once so that you would go to the wrong floors. It was great, and it took the teacher's way too long to figure it out.
Cas was a huddled mass on the floor, curled up facing the wall. God, there was so much blood. On him, under him, around him. Dean had been worried about Cas before, but seeing him like this was worse than imagined. The angel turned his head with a stifled moan and looked over his shoulder. Dean’s stomach dropped at the sickly pale face greeting him.
Dean returned his gaze, but instead of understanding, Cas saw only anger. Dean's green eyes looked dark and harsh. More shocking than the unfriendly emotion was the lack of connection Cas felt.
Dean leaned his head back and groaned. Every time the succubus asked him to sleep with her, it became harder to resist. His dick just
Cas’s eyes adjusted enough to see the bleached form of Jamie kneeling over Dean, who was shaking on the ground with his arms and legs pulled tight. Cas knelt.
It was like an implosion, a crushing inward to nothing. The demon's hand had flattened Dean's neck against the floor like a pancake—that was the only answer. But he was still breathing. Still alive and screaming from the pain.
Dean’s heart pounded against his ribs like desperate fists on a locked door. This was where his and Castiel’s stories began to differ. This was the fork in the road where Dean remained trapped and alone, and Cas believed he’d escaped with a friend while remaining in enemy hands.
“Dean?” he called. Either his ears were foggy, or his voice was almost noiseless. He took a deeper breath and pushed the air out harder. “Dean?”
Even as Dean’s brain tried to be rational, fear spiked through his body and made every muscle tremble. God, that demon bitch had done a number on him. He had to get his head right. Dean Winchester would not crumble. But even as he stared at the Doc, the she-demon’s visage crept around the edge of the old man’s shoulder and smiled at Dean.
The corners of Dean’s vision flooded with red. Abject horror made him feel like a bomb ticking down to an explosion.
The young stranger was still holding Dean to the table, and Dean was irritated to realize he didn’t have the strength to shirk off the boy’s touch. For a kid, he was strong.
Dean shifted to glare upward at Cas, and the ex-angel bit his lip with a sharp turn of his head. One sentence in and he’d already said the wrong thing.
Castiel spoke to the woman directly. “I’m sure you’re an excellent nurse, Miss Rose, but your appearance is… it’s… too close to—to…” Cas’s mouth grew dry. His palms itched. There was no way of knowing what he should say. Dean would have the words.
She smiled that same half-faced smile. “No, thank you, Jamie. I’m staying the night to help keep an eye on things.”
The Doctor—Emmerson, Cas recalled—entered the main room and placed his paper bags on the rickety-looking table beside the wooden bench Castiel occupied and in front of which Dean remained kneeling. Cas had seen Dean collapse in the doorway to the kitchen moments before and suspected the oldest Winchester brother would not be moving any time soon. The man should still be laying down somewhere.
Dean nodded and realized with a sinking in his gut that the time to release Cas’s hand had come. The angel’s voice indicated how far he’d withdrawn. There was no way he would want to be physically connected to Dean now. So the hunter released the other man’s fingers, took the top blanket from his lap and wrapped it around his shoulders. His empty stomach churned.
The old man had referred to Dean as Castiel’s ‘friend.’ But were they even friends any more? Before the succubus incident, their relationship was already threadbare. But now? After everything Cas had done to make things harder on Dean… how could they possibly be friends? He’d ruined everything. And as if events weren’t bad enough on their own, it now appeared they were stuck back in time.
"I know that's got to hurt, and I'm sorry, but I can't have you messing anything else up. I can't worry about where you might be or what you might be doing that'll get us both trapped and killed." Dean put his hand on the door and lowered his voice. "Try to keep quiet," he instructed. "I'll find us some water."
"Not far enough away," Dean replied. He ripped a piece of trenchcoat into a long strip and tied another long strip to the end, then tore apart several sections of Cas's suit and coat and laid them close by on the ground.
Dean sat up, groaning in silence, and nearly passed out from the pain. He waved at Sam to get the fuck out. Shouted for Sam to go. And even though Dean had no voice, the shape of his words should be clear enough.
The demon drew near, the shears raised in her right hand as if to stab straight through his body. Dean shifted onto his back and scooted toward the chair, keeping the blade hidden under his leg.
Perhaps the hunter should have been more worried about the nurse spilling what she’d seen. He was pretty sure a man could be killed for kissing another man in the twenties. It looked like Cas’s breaths were coming faster than before, and he leaned closer to the kitchen doorway.
There was still the inconvenience of being trapped in the wrong time, however. And being stabbed full of holes. And infuriatingly, it seemed their communication channel had closed down again. Lord knows if Cas could hear all the lascivious thoughts Dean was shooting his direction, it would show on the angel’s face. But all that shone there was desire hidden by a shoddy mask of indifference, a thing that Dean forced himself to adapt as well.
Then the air evacuated Sam’s body. A pinched, breathless ache roared through every inch of him. He froze, immobile, and caught the anguished, frightened look in Gabriel’s gaze. Then it melted away to bittersweet sadness.
Finally, his breathing became easier, but as soon as he caught his breath, his vision exploded with white. Pain like knives stabbed the back of his eye sockets. He fought his screams as flames assaulted his eyeballs from within his head. As suddenly as it had come, the pain vanished, taking the white with it. Then Dean saw dark, blurred shadows.
But Castiel’s mouth… that was a holy experience, and Dean found himself praying to God it would never stop. He met the angel’s bright blue eyes as they gazed up at him in adoration. Castiel swallowed, engulfing all of Dean’s manhood in the tight confines of his mouth, and Dean had to shut his eyes to keep from coming.
"Don't you even look at me!" he shouted, and Cas blinked before shifting his attention to the tin roof overhead.
Dean focused on breathing. There was sharp, stabbing pain; deep, aching pain; labored inhale pain; in-the-wrong-year pain; the can’t speak pain and emotional weakness pain. But there was also the warmth of Cas’s hand, and Dean made it take up all the vacant space in his mind. Between every pointed barb of fear and all the hollow dread, Castiel’s touch smoothed every edge.
This was it. Nowhere to hide. No way to fight. The demons, ghouls, vampires, or whatever they were would kill him in a moment.
Jamie and Charlie wore matching flabbergasted expressions. Doc Emmerson removed his glasses and leveled Cas with a blue-eyed promise that this was a safe environment. Then he said, “I think you better tell us what happened.”
Dean was wheezing as if a lung had collapsed. Cas staggered blindly to the left and tripped into a huddled body.
, it said in the tone of Dean’s characteristic growl. The Winchesters had long ago taught Cas that secrecy was crucial to safety and success; and you couldn’t trust anyone. But all Castiel’s instincts told him to confess the truth. He wanted to tell the old man everything and believed it would be fine, but the thought of how disappointed Dean would be sent the truth flying back into a locked box inside Cas’s mind.
Dean replied, "That's my line, you bitch." He kept his left hand and the curved blade hidden behind his back but raised his right to show a broken thumb and a proud middle finger.
Gabriel touched Dean’s forehead, and it was like a bolt of lightning went through his whole body. Dean couldn’t scream, couldn’t move, couldn’t think, and he hoped to God he wasn’t pissing his pants. The angel injected Dean so full of whatever the hell was coursing through his atoms that every hair on Dean’s body stood up straight and he feared he might explode like a burrito heated up too long in the microwave.
He heard a few heavy sighs, a lot of rustling and objects shifting around. At one point, there was the loud clang of something crashing to the ground, and a hissed, "Son of a bitch." Then Dean was kneeling beside Cas again, rope in his hands.
Miss Rose stepped into the room. “They’re both—it’s—up?” Cas crossed his arms over his lap. Miss Rose stared at the floor. “They seem fine? Considering?”
In moments, the hunter was tied to the table wearing nothing but his underwear. Doc donned his spectacles, had a bottle of clear liquor uncorked in one hand and a hooked needle and black thread in the other. Jamie was stationed at Dean’s feet to help hold his legs still, and Cas was instructed to use his body weight to keep Dean’s arms and torso pinned.
Dean squeezed the other man’s hand. If the angel apologized one more time for things that weren’t his fault, something inside Dean would shatter. He wasn’t sure if he would break things or fall into a depression too deep to crawl out of, but he knew it would be bad either way. So he held on tight and hoped Cas understood his silent plea.
“Hey, we’re not done here!” Dean cried out as the succubus retrieved the pitchfork. He leaned as far forward as his bonds would allow. “I’m talking to you, you stupid, hideous bitch!”
“Now, your friend can’t speak. And I do believe that’s a ‘can’t’ not a ‘won’t.’ But I get the impression this is a new development, and one that surprised you. Can you explain that?”
He stowed the vial of angel grace into the inside pocket of his jacket. Its warmth radiated through Sam’s chest as he continued up the hill, racing the sunrise to get to the top of the craggy peak. Finally, he heard the first signs of life and saw the stirrings of man-made light—an orange glow through the dingy haze. Then a mechanical whistle pierced the air, almost as loud and as horrible as the angry howls of the succubus had been. After a few short seconds, the whistle stopped.
“Dean,” Cas repeated. He tried to reach out, to touch Dean and confirm he was real, but Castiel’s right arm screamed at him, and Cas screamed back.
Castiel shook. So did Dean. The doctor placed himself between the two of them, and Dean let go of the angel’s hand.
Dean staggered to the doorway and leaned against it with his elbow. His eyes focused on the surroundings, and he spied Castiel sitting by the lone window in the front room, wrapped in a hand-sewn quilt. The ex-angel lifted his chin and turned his head at Dean’s entrance, but he would not meet Dean’s gaze. It was a worse feeling than his broken thumb and all of the stab wounds combined. Dean leaned heavier against the doorframe. He felt like he might pass out and slid down to the floor, his feet tucked underneath him.
Having to eat regularly was an annoyance. The human body hungered and demanded food. It needed water to survive. Angels had no such weaknesses. They didn't eat, sleep, or require any of a hundred other "human" peculiarities. But these pangs of thirst and hunger in Cas's being, coupled with the howling pain of his bodily injuries was a cruel reminder of how far he had fallen from grace. As if he needed any more of those.
But there was nothing he could say — nothing he could do. Cas’s knuckles shone white as he gripped the table. Jamie returned and tossed a quilt over Dean, who reached out with his left hand and encountered Castiel’s under the blanket. For several, tense moments, neither moved. Then Cas surrendered his grip on the table, turned his wrist over, and interlaced his fingers with Dean’s.
No wonder Dean was furious at him. Cas's botched rescue attempt might still cost them both of their lives.
Dean unwrapped one arm to present an empty, grabbing hand. The bottle slapped against his palm, his fingers gripped it weakly, and he drank several gulps like a desperate fish. It burned all the way down and then some, throat stinging, gut revolting. But Dean kept the liquor inside. He needed the booze to take the edge off. This was fucking awful, and it was only going to get worse.
Well, nothing had jumped out of the forest at him yet. The tingles of imminent danger weren’t traveling up his spine, and Dean had a good sense of things like that. He reasoned it was safe enough.
Cas thought about the question. The Winchesters were most certainly criminals in the technical sense of the word. They all were. Even Cas, who had once been an angel of the Lord now had a string of fake identities, credit cards, and was wanted in multiple states. But, also technically, none of that had happened yet. And none of it would happen for a hundred years.
“We have a doctor in town,” explained the younger man. “We were tryin’ to get your friend there, but it’s a long trek to town and he ain’t helpin’ none. Seems like you’re okay to walk though?”
Dean’s eyes were full of agony. After letting loose a silent scream, his trembling lips formed the word, “Cas.”
The doctor moved down to inspect Castiel’s legs and tugged shredded fabric from a laceration. Gritting his jaw, Cas replied, “Dean must have mentioned something.”
The demoness smiled through her rage. "But he did fall for it, Princess. And he would have been giving it up in about two seconds if you hadn't ruined everything with that giant mouth of yours!"
His breath made a pathetic, wheezing sound. It cut through the otherwise silent space each time Cas sucked air through his mouth. He shivered in a pool of his blood. He didn't feel much of anything, now. Well, cold. He felt cold.
“Run where? Hide where?” Sam demanded. The creature’s screams were coming closer. Intense vibration traveled through the corridors, as if indicating an oncoming freight train, and aside from Gabriel’s grace—the pair of them had no weapons. Fear and fury boiled over as Sam shouted, “Answer me!”
you!" bellowed the succubus as she kicked open the door. She wore a black dress and her default body: the one belonging to the busty redhead.
Dean let out a huff. He hoped it would come across as sarcastic and funny but feared it sounded more weak and defeated than anything. Cas freed one of his hands from Dean’s grasp to tighten the quilt around his shoulders. He stared at the wall. His voice was a frail, heartbroken sound when he whispered, “I’m so sorry, Dean.”
“Yes, she is,” he opened the passenger side door, lowered Dean on the black leather seat and  closed the door behind him, before walking over the driver's side and climbing in.
Dean pulled up to the hospital, parked the impala and walked into the hospital. He made his way up to the desk in the ER room, “I’m looking for Emily Lynn Winchester, she was brought in by ambulance from Clayton Elementary School. She had hurt her wrist. I’m her father.” Dean felt like he was rambling but he needed to see her. He needed to know that she was ok.
Benny was a complicated man but he claimed that he had already meet his mate but it was when he was younger and she was just a child. She might be around Dean’s age now. He said that she smelled light a light floral and honeydew on a fresh breeze, said it was the best smell in the world and that he would find her again and settle for nothing less.
I am so sorry for the long wait.  I have not given up on these guys and I won't.  I will try to post more often y'all are the best.
He groaned as his ass touched the hard wood of the chair. Sam gave him his all knowing bitch face and turned back to their dad, “Mom working tonight?” he asked. Dean knew that Sam knew the answer to that, so now Dean knew that Sam was trying to keep John’s focus on him and not the pained look on his oldest son’s face. To bad it didn’t work.
Crowley, their English teacher, well professor as he liked to correct everyone, shushed the class with a loud whistle, “Shut up, you wankers,” the comment was meant for the whole class but it was Dean and Gordon he was looking at when he said it. Cas wasn’t sure how Crowley still had a job considering that he was constantly talking down to his students, calling them names and he clearly had his favorites. Cas was one of those favorites. The rest of the class went by without a hitch, well except for a random pop quiz. Cas was sure he aced it but from the complaints he heard as he was leaving the room, he wasn’t sure everyone else had.
Dean left the door slowly, Cas could here his steps retreating down the hall. He let out a horribly, shaky breath and felt the tears sliding down his face. His mind was racing and he couldn't stop it.
“Can I get the pass for the restroom?” he asked placing a hand over his mouth. He was gonna be sick. He knew it. He just hoped he could get to the restroom before that happened.
“No, your not. You’re gorgeous,” Cas could feel his face heating up as Dean talked. “How are you feeling?” Dean asked as he peppered lighter kisses on his hair.
He was halfway through an episode of Dr. Sexy, M.D. when the doorbell rang. He was almost certain that it was his mom, so he jumped up and went to answer it. He walked in the doorway of the two half walls that separated the living room from the foyer.
“No. I’m not leaving you. If you’re sick I’ll go with you to the nurse. Hell,” Dean chuckled, “gives me a reason to miss class. You know how much I hate class.” Dean knew something smelled off about Cas but wasn’t sure what.
“Gabe was ten when he presented. And he was like Luke. He was proud of what he was. Your grandfather was not. He made the arrangements for Gabe to be sent to an all omega boarding school.”
“I’m going to school tomorrow,” Dean said, looking at his mom, “I’m gonna tell Cas. We can be together now. No one can stop us. His dad will have to be ok with us ‘cause of the baby. Michael’s all about family, well his family. This baby is Cas’s so she’s a Di’Angalo. She solves the problem.”
“This is what I meant for you.” He showed Dean the room. “I know that this room may never be slept in and Gracie may never use the other room but I want you both to know that you have a home here too.” Cas kept his eyes away from Dean, instead focusing on the baby in his arms, she was reaching up and playing with his face. She was smiling and giggling up at him. Her eyes shining, and she had the cutest little dimples that Cas had ever seen.
“Come on, Sammy,” Dean laughed holding a long brown worm just inches above Sam’s lips. Sam pursed his lips tight and shook his head, not giving Dean any chance to shove the worm in his mouth. Sam knew he would too, given the chance so he refused to give him any. “It's just a little worm. Eat. It. Sammy,” again Sam just shook his head.
“I know,” John told him patting his shoulder before walking to the living and pulling on his boots, getting ready to leave.
“I’m afraid that my book selection is slim on kids books,” Cas said smiling back at Dean. “Look who’s awake Gracie,” Cas stood up with Gracie and walked over to Dean. “She got fussy about an hour ago but I found a bottle in her bag and so I  fed her.” Cas handed Gracie over to Dean, “I also called your mom and told her that you both feel asleep. She seemed pleased and said that you hadn't been sleeping well either.”
“Oh hey love,” she said as she turned around to look at him, “I didn’t hear anyone, thought you were upstairs. Have you been in to check on Dean since you've been home?”
Dean looked down at the box, jaw hanging down slightly, “You're fucking kidding me, right?” he asked Bobby, never taking his eyes off the box.
Everything seemed to freeze. Nobody seemed to know what to say. Emmy had asked before but Dean had always dodge the question. However, this time her omega was sitting on the other side of her. How does someone answer that question.
She gave Cas a minute to look over the book for a moment before shutting the book for him and said, “We have to go talk to Father.” She stood, placed the book back and headed out of the room. Cas followed right behind her.
They were all seated around the table, John had said the blessing and Mary was passing dishes around. It was quite and a touch awkward. Dean wasn’t sure what was the matter.
Hey guys. So some time has gone by most spent as it was described in the last chapter. I do hope y'all enjoy this. thanks for the kudos and comments. i wont give it up. love you guys.
They had made it halfway through the pie when Dean couldn’t stand Cas’ quiet moans. He wondered if he could make Cas make those noises. When that thought flashed through his brain, Dean pushed the pie off his lap and moved to the edge of Cas’ bed, both feet touching the floor. He laid his head in his hands, “Fuck,” he said lowly as Cas continued to moan around bites of pie.
Dean sat on the top step of  his back porch watching Emmy play on her swing set. Dean loved his daughter. She had been his pride and joy for five years. He couldn't imagine his life without her. “Daddy, watch,” she called out as she ran up the slide. She was beautiful. Her dirty blond hair blew around her face as she turned around to slide back down. Her blue eyes shined as she smiled and giggled. It was early on a Saturday afternoon. Just about time to start  up the grill. The guests would be over soon.
He was almost most done when Mary walked in holding two pizza and some breadsticks, “Need any help,Mom?” Sam asked pushing away from the table and standing up. He rounded the table as Mary sat the pizzas down on the bar that separated the living room and kitchen and walked into the kitchen.
“Your grandfather told him the only way he would let Gabe stay was if Luke left and stayed away, and he did.”
Again, Cas didn’t say a word just smiled and tilted his head to the side, giving Dean permission to scent him. Almost moving in slow motion Dean walked toward Cas, lowered his head into the crock of Cas’ neck and breathed in deeply. He sighed when he realised what all he was smelling. Cas had always smelled like apple pie and cinnamon, but now it was laced with something else, something strong and powerful. Alpha.
“I got tired of retelling old stories because no one really wants to know what I’ve been doing for the past ten years,” Dean told him, sitting down on the edge of the stage, feet hanging off the edge, looking out at the empty seats,  “I really didn’t mean to interrupt you; I was just walking around and heard you. I was just gonna sneak back out once you were finished.”
The first few months at Bobby’s were anything but easy. Dean was sick a lot, Bobby said it was a mixture of losing both his Claimed Alpha and his Familia Alpha. He said that Dean would adjust would take a few months, or he could go back, Dean shut that idea down fast. So Dean dealt with the pain that was randomly tearing him apart.
Dean walked out and Cas pulled out his phone and called Anna. “Where are you?” she snapped as soon as she answered the phone.
Dean looked at Cas silent tears rolling off his cheeks, Dean didn’t even realize his feet were moving until he was kneeling at Cas’s feet, his hands on Cas’s cheeks wiping tears away with his thumbs, “What do you, of all people, have to be sorry for?” Dean asked.
Inside the office, Barnes took her seat at the desk and pointed to a chair on the opposite of the desk. Castiel sat down and look at the principle. “I’m sorry,” Cas started, “his mouth, talking about Dean like he did. I lost it.”
“Who the hell do you think you are?” a second voice growled out echoing thru the hallway and penetrating the walls around Castiel. He could feel the power behind the words, the alpha scratching his way to surface. Cas knew when his father’s Alpha came out to play someone would get hurt.
He  seemed to sit there for what seemed like hours but in reality it was only a few minutes before he heard a soft voice calling from the door, “Dean?” It was Crowley, why did his voice sound so sweet? He heard footsteps as the Alpha walked into the restroom. He decided not to look up as the shadow fell over him. “Copeland sent me to find you, thought you were skipping. You look horrible man. Anything I can do?”he asked sliding down to sit beside Dean. “Sorry about Cas, by the way, didn’t think he was gonna be such an ass when he presented.” They sat there in silence before Crowley reached into Dean’s pocket and pulled out his phone.
Cas might not be his omega, but Dean knows that Cas will be his one and only omega. No one else will ever bare his mark other than this beautiful man laying in on the bed holding their daughter. Dean never thought he see Cas holding Emmy like this. He had hoped and prayed but never thought it would happen. Dean loved them both so very much. He only hoped that Cas could one day love him back. Dean was so lost in thought that he barely realized the doctor coming in.
Cas watched Dean leave the room and picked up the syrup to pour over his pancakes. Dean was about to come back and they were gonna eat breakfast together and Cas had no idea what to say. All of this seemed like a dream, he felt like he was gonna wake up at any moment to an empty house that no longer smelled like apple pie and spiced leather.
“Oh god, Cas,” Dean whimpered, throwing his head back into Cas’ pillow. There was more sliding and less rocking as both boys began reaching their climax. Cas sealed his lips on Dean’s, stealing every breathy moan, groan, whimper and praise that Dean released, as he came in his boxers, pressed tightly against Cas, hands grabbing Cas’ hips, digging his nails deep into the tanned skin there. Cas followed Dean a few more rocks, slides, grinds, whatever he was doing now, hand clenching his sheets on either side of Dean’s body.
Sorry about the wait y'all. It's short and I'm not thrilled with it but I wanted to give y'all something . I hope yall enjoy it at least a little. Let me know what you think. love you guys! All mistakes are my own if there is anything major please point it out.
Bobby walked into the living room, holding the box, and sat down beside Mary, “John, come here,” he sighed, calling out to John. John walked over and sat in front of Mary. “So, I know what’s wrong with Dean.”
Cas didn't know how to respond to that so he kept quiet, opening the passenger door for Dean to slid into the seat. He closed the door behind Dean and fished the car keys out of his pocket. He opened the driver's door and climbed behind the wheel.
The sounds of young men filled the inclosed area, causing Castiel to whimper again. What if Dean pulled some of his alpha buddies in here next. Tears began to slip down his face again. “Shhh,” Dean whispered, “just be quite.” Castiel heard the order loud in clear even in the hushed tones. He nodded causing a new wave of pain explode from his neck. He covered his mouth with his head to keep from screaming in pain.
Dean sat in the stone bench in front of a marbled stone, “Hey mom,” he said quietly. “Emmy started school today. She’s in Lisa’s class but it was still horrible, well it was horrible for me. She held on and didn't want me to leave, anymore than I wanted to leave. But she was beautiful, she wore that pink dress you bought her. It fits so well now. Lisa helped with her hair, you know I was never really any good with that.”
“All mine, one of many actually. Daddy likes to buy my affection,” Crowley said with grin. The rest of the short ride to the Winchester home was silent.
Cas left the house before the sun rose all the way. He had his own car but he like the thirty minute trek to and from school. School, he enjoyed less. Dean was in two of his four classes and in lunch. There was no way to get out of seeing him.
Dean huffed softly, not really knowing what to say so he settled with, “It was a beautiful song,” he said it softly, not sounding like himself at all, he sounded broken, deflated and unmistakably sad.
Cas was standing about twenty feet down the hall leaning against the lockers, laughing at something, with his arm thrown around April Kelly. Dean whimpered as a hand landed on his shoulder, “What's wrong, Squirrel? You look like someone stole your puppy,” came a thick scottish accent. Dean didn't take his eyes off of Cas, “Oh,” Crowley said following his line of sight, “I guess someone did steal your puppy.”
He went to doctor appointments and took his vitamins everyday. He did everything right and for eight and half months everything was perfect. He wasn’t sure what happened but something went wrong and Cas ended up in the hospital bleeding and screaming in pain. It almost felt as if something was trying to claw its way out of his stomach. He was soon being rushed into an emergency c-section. The only thing that was really clear from that thirty minutes in the operating room surrounded by people he had never meet was that he nose was itching really bad. He still remembered it to this day. He had even complained about as the doctors were getting Dean’s baby girl out of him. They told him it was because of the anesthetics.
Dean embraced the hug and let his face drift into the crook of Cas’s neck, “Are you feeling ok Cas? You scent it's off, it's different than it was this morning.”
“Do you want me or Sam to drive you home?” Dean asked still looking at him with that worried expression.
Dean threw the last of his bags in the trunk of bobby’s old ‘71 Chevelle. He looked back at his family standing on the porch. John was standing behind Mary, whose eyes seemed to be watering, but Dean won't say anything about that. John had his arms wrapped tight around Mary, grounding her. Sam was sitting on the top step, not looking up at Dean or Bobby. Bobby was leaned against the passenger door waiting for Dean to say goodbye.
Cas once again found himself running his hands along baby. She was still just as beautiful as she was in highschool. Dean took such great care of her and Emmy and his house and yard. He put effort and care into everything around him. Cas could easily see it. He climbed into the passenger seat and waited for Dean.
“No ma’am” Cas smiled easily at her, “he was unusually nice.” Cas fully believed that Mary was the reason for that. Cas leaned against the counter, “I think I’m gonna go into town or something while y’all have dinner. Y’all have already been so great to me, the least I can do is not intrude on a moment like this.”
Nothing was said other than moaning and panting. Cas’ pace picked up as he grew closer to his release. He moved his lips off of Dean’s and down his chin to his neck, where he began to suck right below the bend, still moving his hips.
“I won’t,” Dean mumbled, pushing back harder against the wall. All he really wanted to do was open the door and take Cas. No sound was coming from the room on the other side of the door now. Maybe, Cas was resting now, he thought.
“It’s hard, okay,” he snapped at Mary, “I just can’t let him back in. I can’t…” Dean stopped, coughing a little, “I can’t trust him not to hurt us again.”
“I’m gonna do my best not to,” he said before walking out of the room and back to his car. The drive home was short, and he hoped that Dean was still there.
She walked over to where the boys were sitting on Cas’ bed, “Mary brought you pie again, Dean.” she was smiling a touch of amusement in her voice, “and, holy crap, you shared. There’s two forks.” She was teasing him. “And look you even saved me some.”
He walked straight to his car and climbed in. He locked the doors and started it up. If Castiel was asked how he got home that day he would say by a miracle because he doesn’t even remember walking out of the stall.
They sat there for a few moments before Dean realised that he needed to get back to Emmy. She was probably upset that she had been left with Sam as long as she had been. “I got to go get Emmy. Do you want to come?”
“I’m not here about Castiel,” Michael seemed to pull himself up taller as he began to speak again, “I’m here about the Child,” He snarled the word, like it was the worst thing he’d ever heard, “What is she?”
A huge thanks to everyone who has comment of kudos this story. I never would have believed that it would get over a hundred comments. Thank you all so much.
Castiel sniffled and wiped his face, “Shut the fuck up, Dean. I hate you. This is why, Dean, why I never told you what I am, because down under that best friend bullshit your just another fucking entitled Alpha, who thinks he can own any omega that comes near him. You fucking bastard.” Castiel covered his face and sobbed quietly until Dean’s knot went down.
“Shower, Dean,” Cas snapped back at Dean as he was pulling out boxers and a pair of loose grey sweats. “No offence but you stink.”
Dean pulled away a sad smile playing on his lips, “You presented,” was all he said. He moved over to his bed and sat down, placing his hands in his lap and looked down at the cream colored carpet, that covered his floor. Cas sat next to Dean wrapping his hand around Dean’s and bringing it to his lips. Dean looked so sad. “I’m gonna lose you,” he tried to keep his voice steady and the water out of his eyes, but at that moment, with a simple smell, he felt like he world was falling apart around him, and maybe it was.
“That day,” Dean felt Cas tense for just a moment, “I can't say I regret it, now that I know what came from it, but I am beyond sorry for it. When I realised that you were an omega, everytime my alpha had chanted mine when you were around me started echoing in my head. I snapped and the alpha took over. I know it not an excuse and I know that I will never be able to change it or make it any better.”
John laughs at the boys and digs through the ice in the other cooler, pulling out three drinks for them and handed them out, before he sat down to eat his own sandwiches.
Cas was moaning under Dean, needing more than Dean was giving but knowing better than to ask for it. Dean had worked down to his hips. He was nervous and scared, maybe even a little terrified. He needed this to go right. He had sorta just gotten Cas back, he couldn't lose him again.
Dean had been awake for a few hours now and this is the first time that he had been alone with Grace. His sweet Gracie. Benny had to go to work, Bobby needed him to work on a car that had to be picked up later that day. Bobby had to go check on a beta that was due in a few weeks and Sam and John had disappeared about thirty minutes ago.
Cas spent two days with Dean. Two days lost in a heat with brief moments of clarity locked inside of them. Dean was everything Cas ever thought he was before that day had happened. He was sweet and loving. He took care Cas. He filled Cas in way possible.
“I know,” Dean said quietly, he took a few steps toward the piano, “I’m sorry, Cas.” Dean knew that it had to be Cas, he still had those breathtaking, soul crushing, deep blue eyes that he had in high school.
Happy Valentines Day my little lovelies. So just a little something because y'all are all so awesome and I just love yall. When I started this it was just some bad porn stuck in my head and when I wrote it out I was like omfg did I really write that thank go nobody knows who I am on here and my family can't get on my computer. I would have left it at an abused Cas if not for all of y'all. Who knew that there was so much more left in my head on this story and its all because of y'all every comment and kudos is the reason that I write another chapter. I write because you read. I'm amazed every time I get an email saying I have a comment and it's from one of you amazing people telling me how great I am. For me that means the world. For someone to like what I do and tell me, well it means everything. Thank you all so very much for reading this and liking this and for every comment and kudos. And if your ever felling bad or any thing remember that there's someone out that thinks your f'ing great. LOVE YOU GUYS!!!
Cas stood looking up at the large white building wondering what room Dean and John were in. If they were even in the same room. If Dean had needed surgery or if John was in worse condition. He didn't know much, just what he had been told by Ion’s older brother’s girlfriend, who’s a nurse in the ER, and that was that John, Sam and Dean had been rushed in by ambulance after a bad accident. He knew the Impala was totaled and Dean was gonna be crushed when he found out.
“I love Gabe. I spoiled him. Held him constantly. He had a crib in my room. Father hired a nanny for him but she didn't do much.”
Sam nodded, “You know where the emergency stash is, use what you need. I shouldn’t be gone too long.” Dean ruffled Sam’s hair, causing the boy to grumble, and stood up.
Cas knew the moment Sam walked into the dinner. He could smell Sam coming a mile away, however, he didn’t catch Dean’s until he was in the dinner. He smelt different, sweeter. The first thing that went through Cas’s mind was, maybe Dean had presented, maybe he was an omega and they could be together now.
“Nope, not yet,” She said with a smile, “Uncle Sammy said that daddy would have a baby if we watched it without him.” Emmy started laughing like she had just said the funniest thing in the world. “And that's just the funniest cause daddy’s an alpha and alpha don’t have babies.”
"Fuc,k Cas," Dean growls almost animalistic. "So fucking perfect," Dean felt himself building faster than he wanted but he was determined to make this amazing for Cas so he wraps his hand around his member and begins pumping it quickly, making Cas moan from sheer pleasure.
Cas pushed Dean’s arms off of him and rushed out of the door, across the hall and into the bathroom. He slammed the door behind him and locked the cold metal. He leaned against the solid wood and slid down landing on the floor. He pulled his bare knees up to chest and curled into himself. The bathroom was too bright, too white. His breaths were still coming out in short puff.
Cas sat back beside him, “They caught me looking at you. I wasn’t staring or anything. I had just looked over at you when they looked at me and that started it all.”
Cas watched as Dean leave. He thought about following Dean but knew he’d never make it out of the door. He had never been more happy to see Jo than was that day, “You need to leave, Cas,” She snapped, “Andrea has a damn job to do and you're interfering with it and we have had several complaints about your affection, keep your hands to yourself when you're in here. Now get out.”
Three sharp knocks landed on the front door. Cas watched John move to the door. He knew the scent creeping through the wood. He tried to stifle a growl as John opened the door and the scent filled the room.
“John,” the lady said, “ he was real bad when the ambulance brought him in. The family can tell you more,” with that she turned back to her work and Cas walked off down the hallway. He made it to the elevators, pressed the up button and waited for the first one to ding. He walked into the right one and pressed the button with the three on it. The elevator was empty, besides him, so he waited. A small ding marked every floor he passed, he felt like he was entering a murder trial and he was the murderer. His palms were sweaty and he was certain that as soon as he stepped out the elevator the entire hospital would be able to hear his heart bOne eating.  They would send him away, he was almost certain of it and Cas couldn’t blame them one little bit.
Dean shoved the worm in Sam’s face before standing up and walking over to the porch, “Mama put any pie in there, Pops?”
It was Ellen instead of the waitress that brought out their food, “Hey boys,” she said placing the food down. “Your mama said you were back, Dean. Where’s that baby she’s told me so much about?”
“There’s more to the story isn’t there?” Dean asked thinking about the cruel alpha. He couldn’t be like that man, not to Cas, not to anyone.
“Not sure,” John said rooting around in one of the coolers before pulling a full apple pie wrapped in saran wrap.
Crowley watched Dean with a small amount of fascination and curiosity, “I’ll just be going then,” he said to Dean, who already had his eyes half closed.
“Even when he's high out of his mind, that boy has the sense to be scared of Jo,” Dean and Sam chuckled then.
“I release you,” Dean whispered in his ear, lips gently touching the shell of his ear. “My sweet Omega, I release all claim I have over you as your alpha.”
As the three boys left the room, Mary walked over to the chair beside John’s bed and sank into it, “I hope we are making the right choice here,” she said holding John's hand.
Dean hated seeing the smug ass look on Cas’s face like that, “Did she smell kinda sweet to you, kinda like melon?” Dean asked Sam looking at the waitress trying to brush off Cas’s grabby hands.
Cas and the baby stared at each other as the baby brought a tiny fist up toward Cas, almost like a wave. Cas never thought his heart would melt for another alpha’s baby but this one seemed special. Cas smiled and waved gently back at the baby. He could see the sleeve of a light pink and blue striped sleeper, so a girl, she was so cute.
“Thank you,” Cas said before turning to walk away, “ma’am,” he turned back to the desk, “could you tell me who has to have surgery?”
Naomi chuckled, “Exactly.” She got up and moved the chair back, “I’m gonna get ready.” She left them alone in the room again, stopping at the door, “Put that in a container for me, please.”
Cas pushed Dean on to the bed, crawling over him until Dean was flat on his back. When Cas kissed him this time, it was hard and demanding. It was so unlike anything that Dean had ever seen from his shy, nerdish, step brother, he liked this Cas very much. He like this Cas so much that he preened when Cas pulled his arms over his head and held them in place by his wrist.
“Who is it, Dean?” John asked his voice cracking and sore.The door was pushed open more and a tall, dark haired man stepped inside.
Cas smiled as he looked around his new home. It wasn't much but it was his. It seemed incredibly empty with only him and his furniture. He walked down the small hallway attached to the living room and looked in the first door. It was a guest room. Cas hope that only one guest would ever be in that room and it was fixed up for him. A dark mahogany queen bed sat in the middle of the room against the far wall, in between two windows. The windows had dark black out curtains over them. Dean always hated being woken up by bright morning light. The bed had the softest sheets he could find; they were a soft blue color. The bed cover was a checkered blue and light blue pattern. A long dresser, matching the bed, sat against the wall with the door; a matching taller one on the other wall beside the closest door. Cas closed the door and walked down the hall.
John was pissed. That little bastard. Rationally he knew that Dean was at fault too but Castiel laid his claim on Dean, knocked him up and dropped him all in one fucking day. John was seriously considering killing him. He could get away with it. He was a cop. He knew how to cover his tracks. John hadn’t realised that he had balled his fists so tight that his nails were digging into his palms and blood was dripping on the table.
“Do they pick on you often?” Dean asked reaching over to the table by the bed and grabbed the pie. “Mom made it, gave it to me when she picked up Sammy.”
“Are you okay?” Emmy asked looking up at Dean, her voice bringing Cas out of whatever fog he had been in.
hey guy! sorry for the long wait. so another time jump mainly because i couldn't i write the scene where mary dies and not have Cas rush to his side. so i hope that yall enjoy this chapter. love you guys
Cas pushed those thoughts away and tried to listen to Lisa talking to Dean on her phone out in the hallway. He couldn’t hear all of it and it was sorta muffled but he did hear a few words. It sounded like she was just telling Dean about what happened.
“Oh, my brother, Gabe. Its one of the things that Michael wanted to talk to me about. His address is on the back. He explained some things and everything is gonna be fine. I’ll be out of your hair soon and you won't have to hide in your room with Grace anymore.”
Castiel all but ran to the safety of room, he closed the solid oak door and slid down it to the floor. He hated this family, his family. He hated his father, mother and brothers. He only wanted Dean, but he couldn’t. He pushed the thoughts from his head and rose from the floor. He slipped out of his clothes and went into his bathroom, turning on the water in the large garden tub and letting it fill, before he slipped in the very warm water.
“Ordered the pizza,” Sam said, almost bouncing in his shoes. He was unusually happy right now. “Should be here in a few minutes.”
Her husband walked to her and wrapped his arms around her. "It's gonna be ok hon. Cas is a smart kid he'll figure it out sooner or later. Fate will show her cards eventually. Let's go in." She gets up and follows her husband inside.
“You to, Major,” he said turning to walk off.  He made her way out of the still almost empty building and headed for D-wing, which was already in his sights. He sighed and took a step out in the cold. Damn, it was cold. He walked briskly across the path and entered D-wing by the Library.
"Follow this road it'll lead you into town and follow the hospital signs you see it before you get to the hospital."
Mary handed him a plate of food, bacon and scrambled eggs, but he shook his head walking into the living room and plopping down on the couch. A few minutes later Mary called them, “Come on boys let's go.” Dean and Sam followed Mary out to the car and Dean let Sam climb up front by Mary.
While Benny’s attention was on Andrea, Dean’s shifted to the door that was now being opened. In walked Cas, just Cas, no pose of alpha assholes following after him, just Cas in beautiful form fitting blue jeans that hugged his ass in the best way possible, and damn that shirt could not fit any better. The top two buttons undone, showing just enough of the tanned skin on his chest, the sleeves on both arms rolled up to the bend in his elbow, damn he looked good. And that smile when his eyes landed on Dean, it lit up the room.
More students began to come into the locker room again, getting ready for the next class. They all laughed and talked and joked, having no idea what had just happened. The bell rang again sending the boys out of the room and into the gym.
Mary noticed the panicked looked on her son’s face, “We got some things that she needed while you were asleep. Would you like for me to show you how to feed her?”
Dean didn’t worry about it too much. He would force himself up each morning. He tried to focus in class. He avoided the horrid smelling lunchroom at all cost. He was trying to push through it all, Cas, the never ending tiredness, the overwhelming nausea, all of it. He was doing ok too, or he hoped he was.
Sam stood up and flung his arms around Dean’s neck, sobbing softly into the musty smelling leather jacket, soaking in the smell of Dean and John. “Love ya, Dean. Be good okay, Jerk,” Sam said pulling away and wiping the back of his jacket sleeve across his face.
“Yeah, I will,” Dean didn't want to move, but Cas was right; Mary needed to know that they were okay and that they were going to stay here tonight. It was so easy being here, being wrapped in the scent of his alpha, fuck not his alpha but his, well, his whatever.
“Really,” she asked. Dean could hear the surprise in her voice. He usually doesn’t share with anyone. She leaned over and placed a hand on Dean’s forehead, jokingly, she said, “Are you a feeling ok. You don’t seem to be running a fever, but you are acting odd.”
Bobby hooked Dean up to an IV and gave him medicine to calm the contractions and hopefully stop them. Dean was still just seconds away from a full on panic attack. Bobby had to do something to calm the omega down so he called Benny.
“Everything, Alpha, I gave up on you and Emmy, I ran away,” he stopped talking and moaned pushing his ass farther down into the bed, “I can’t,” he whined, “I need help, why won’t you help me, Alpha? I’ll never leave you again, baby please,” he was squirming and whimpering through the tears.
Cas could hear Mary chuckling in the kitchen. Cas smiled at the scene around him. He was so wrapped up in it all that he barely heard Dean call his name, “Cas, “ Dean was looking at him impatiently, “can you help Mom with Grace, if she wakes up?”
“It’s ok, Dean,” He said softly. “Why don’t you go lay down in my room. I’ll bring up a pot and clean this up.” Sam helped Dean up off the bed and into his room. He helped Dean down on his bed and rushed down stairs to get a large pot from under the kitchen cabinets. He brought it up to Dean before going back to the kitchen, where his mother was starting her tomato and rice soup. it was what she always fixed him and Dean when they were sick.
Cas was still sleeping on the couch. Mary had told him that they would figure out  different arrangement after John got home.
It was about noon when John pulled the impala up to the cabin. Not a lot was said on the ride out but then again it wasn't always easy for john to communicate with his boys. Sammy sat in the back seat, legs stretched out across the seat , nose buried so far in a mythology book that he got from bobby that he probably didn't even know the car was moving. Dean sat in front looking out the window, humming along to whatever rock song played out of baby’s speakers. It had been a long time since John had seen his so quiet and look so peaceful at the same time. He figured that Dean was probably thinking about Gracie that's usually what he thinking about when he gets that look on his face.
Dean was still in the hospital bed down in Bobby’s medical room, “Alright, baby, I’m gonna go fix a bottle and I’ll be back in a minute,” Mary said walking out of the room.
“Because you loved someone else, someone you couldn’t be with,” Cas finished for her placing a hand over hers and the other on the side of her face, gently turning it so that she was looking at Cas.
“That hive is still there,” Cas chuckled, looking up at the sky, “I go check on it about once a month, more recently it's my happy place.”  Cas felt the mat bounce under him as Dean rolled back on his back.
He almost stopped breathing when the baby’s face shifted and Dean’s face came into view. Dean looked shocked to see Cas standing there, then briefly panicked before his face smoothed over into indifference. He passed the baby over to the alpha and walked out toward him. Cas released the breath and waited for Dean to get to him.
God, it felt good being in the warm hallway again. This hallway was more crowded people hiding out from the cold as they got off the buses. Dean walked over to his locker, fiddled with the lock until it opened and shoved his bag inside.
They had both started their senior year about two months ago. So far, other than fucking Amara, Dean’s year had been great. He had lead the football team to victory five out of the six games, including the homecoming game, 45 to 24. It was great. But not as great as the moment that he was named homecoming king and Amara was his queen.  It was amazing and then that night, yeah he wasn’t going into details of that night.
“Yes, sweetie, I’m okay now. Your daddy was a big help.” Cas bent over and scooped Emmy up into his arms, “I’m sorry I kept your daddy away for so long,”
hey guys sorry its been so long please enjoy. let me know what you think. unbetaed all mistakes are my own.
Hearing Cas beg, broke Dean. His will faded away slowly as Cas pulled Dean on top of him, laying back as they moved. Cas claimed Dean’s lips, his tongue running along Dean’s soft plump lips, causing Dean to moan into Cas’ mouth, “I can’t,” Dean said into Cas’ mouth, giving Cas the chance he needed to slip his tongue into Dean’s mouth.
“Castiel Di’Angalo,” sometime during the fight Barnes realized that she wasn’t being followed, “I said follow me,” her voice was stern leaving no room for negotiation, “Uriel, nurse, the rest of you get to class before I suspend you all.”
“Night, Dean,” He watched as Dean turned and walked back to the door. Dean turned back to face Cas as he opened the door and gave a small wave.
“So,” Dean began, “Mom was right, we haven't been sleeping well. Gracie crys most nights, for hours before falling asleep, and then she's awake every few hours. She misses you. I guess she could scent you in the house and got too used to it while you were there.” Dean picked up his glass and took a swallow before continuing on. “She hasn't fallen asleep this easy since a few days after you left. I guess your scent was gone by then.” Dean set his cup down and laid his head in his hands, “I don’t know what to do.”
“Wait… What baby? Are you sure we are talking about the right person. I haven’t seen Cas in months.” Dean had to be hearing this wrong, something was wrong with all of this. He hadn’t seen Cas since before graduation, since March. wait… April, May… he counted out the month's, fuck the locker room.
“Fucking jackass,” Jo mumbled, tossing her blonde hair over her shoulder, turning and walked away. Dean smiled Jo sure did dislike Cas.
Dean was leaning back on his bed, ‘Hey Jude’ softly playing through his speakers on his laptop. Gracie was asleep in her crib. Dean was glad to be home. Gracie was almost a month old and still so beautiful, looked so much like Cas with bright blue eyes that seemed to take in everything around her and dark fuzzy hair. Dean never knew he could love someone so much but he feels like he couldn’t breath without her anymore. She’s amazing. She eats like Dean though. He already had to start adding rice to her formula to thicken it up.
He groaned and rubbed his ass down against Dean. Cas wanted Dean to take him, to fill him up completely. It was a fullness that he yearned for, something only Dean could give him. It was magic when his lined up over Dean  grinding down again against, causing  Dean’s dick to slip between the wet cheeks of his ass. He rocked against Dean a few more times before he aimed just right and Dean slipped in. “Oh, fuck,” they both moaned as Dean sunk deeper into Cas’ tight heat.
“A couple of hours.” Cas said moving all the toys but the stuff elephant, “I started the hobbit from the beginning and were to the point where bilbo finds the ring, so we had been reading for a while.”
“Of course, sir, what can I do for you?” said a pretty brunette popping up from the floor, “dropped my pen, sorry.”
He knew there was no way he could let go of Dean no matter what he did. Dean slid his arm around Cas and Cas decide he would stay here as long as he could. In Dean's arms he didn't need anything else. He felt safe in the man's arms. Perhaps a part of him knew that his mama was right that Dean would leave and he was trouble but Cas was going to ride this out as far as it would go.
So so sorry for how this chapter ended. I took every comment into consideration when trying to decide on what to do here and I want to thank everyone so much for telling me what you think. I hope y'all like this chapter and know that your words didn't not fall on deaf ears. no comments ever do. I love every comment and kudos I get, they make my day about a million times better. so thank you all!!!
Dean lay on to his top bunk, metallica ringing through his head phones. He needed to be doing his english paper, but oh well. There was really nothing he wanted to do more than just disappear into his bed. Today had been rough. Fucking Amara. He was done, so done. He’s a lot of things but he never cheated on that bitch but did that matter, no not at all.
Lisa started to repeat that to Dean but stopped short and handed the phone to Cas, smiling sweetly. “Umm hello,” he said unsurly into to phone.
John sat the poles and the box on the ground and closed the trunk. He looked up to see both boys standing on the porch leaning on the old railing that lined the porch, he hoped it was strong enough to hold the weight of them both. He smiled as he saw the boys laugh at something that he was to far away to hear and Sam shove at Dean.
Dean did as he was asked and climbed into bed beside Cas. Dean pulled Cas into his arms and it wasn’t long before they were both asleep.
At that moment there was a rough knock on Dean’s door, “Sam time to get,” John said before walking past the door. Dean listened for the knock on Sam’s door but one never came.
“No,” Cas held out the debit card, “he said that he wanted me to stay in school and I couldn't do that if I we're looking for a job.”
Cas wasn't sure when he began to think of Dean as his alpha, but Cas knew that he belonged to Dean, that he will always belong to Dean.
Michael never spoke about Naomi, but then again Michael also never said anything about his omega son. A little bit of rage burned in Cas’ veins every time he thought about that. He had an older brother that he would have never known of if John hadn't have said something.
Cas watched as Dean walked back into the waiting room and shifted the baby from the alpha into his arms, calming her before walking back out to where Cas still stood. Dean looked down at the baby’s face as he came to stop in front of Cas, seeing the baby up was nothing like looking at her through the glass. Her hat slid down as Dean shifted her and showed off a patch of dark brown baby soft hair. She looked at Cas again with these big bright blue and he felt something in him snap.
“Thanks,” Dean said swallowing the mouthful of water. “I made most of this by hand. The table, benches, counters, cabinets. Hell, I redone the floors in the entire house. Lisa wanted hardwood floors for Ben.” Dean leaned against the island and finished his water, “I’m gonna go piss. After you call Anna, go through that doorway and make yourself at home.”
“I’m not sure this is a good idea,” Cas said as he watched Emmy swinging to the next bar. His heart stopped as he realised that she missed the bar. She was falling and Cas was running to her before he even realised his feet were moving. When he reached her side she was screaming and clutching her arm.
Dean just sat for a moment before leaning over on Cas. He laid his head on Cas’ shoulder and closed his eyes, even after his nap earlier he was still tired, and his bed didn’t seem to as confortable as Cas’ couch. Grace was already sleeping so soundly that it didn't seem right to move the baby. “We could stay,” he said, not moving from how he was sitting, almost scared that Cas would reject him again.
Gabe had given Dean his number, and vise versa, before Dean and Emmy had left the hospital. Gabe had told him that he wanted to know how his niece was doing and to give Cas time. That maybe later, Cas would come back. Those words had kept Dean sane and Emmy had kept him far away from the bottle, determined to be a better father than John ever was.
Cas watched the sky in awe as three meteors shot through the sky, “thank you,” Cas smiled, looking over at Dean, “it’s beautiful.”
Gabe laid a hand on Dean’s shoulder, “I’ll talk to him ok see if he wants to see y’all, maybe he will, maybe he won't. He has made so much progress in the past six months, you're not gonna push him into anything. That’s what started this whole fiasco. Just keep giving him time, it may be next week, it may be next month. Maybe he’ll want her and not you, maybe both.  We will have to wait and see.” Gabe patted Dean on the shoulder stood and walked away.
Dean smiled down at Grace as he laid her in her bassinet. She acted like she was about to start crying until Dean popped her pink passi in her mouth. She blinked slowly a few times, sucking on the passi. Each blink was a little slower that the blink before, it wasn't long before she had closed her eyes and fell asleep.
“Why are you here?” Dean snapped skipping any greeting, just staring at Cas like he was trying to burn holes in him.
“I’ve got them. They have been moved from the ER the surgical floor, which in floor 3, follow this hallway,” she pointed to the left down a long brightly light hall, “elevators will be on the left. Go up and they open across from the waiting room.
Dean, Bobby, and Mary sat around the table, “What do you want to do?” Mary asked Dean, hating herself for even asking that question. She believed that she knew her son well enough to know what his answer was going to be but still Dean was so young.
“Even though I’m technically your brother,” Cas didn't like the subject, but he knew that it needed to be talked about, he wouldn't go through another freak out like the night they had gotten drunk.
Dean kisses the small of Cas's back as he places a lubricated finger at Cas's entrances, and teases the boy before slowly pushing it in. Cas gasps at the pressure. "Baby, are you sure? We can stop." Dean asked tenderly.
He was pulled out of his thoughts as a hand landed on his shoulder, “Hey man,” Sam said his voice rumbling low behind Dean, “look who I found outside.” For a split second his mind betrayed him and he could see himself turning around a seeing Cas standing beside Sam, but he knew better than to hope for that. Before he could turn around he heard Emmy calling out, “Uncle Gabe!”
He was between songs when the bedroom door burst open and slammed shut within the same moment. That little bastard better be hope he didn’t wake up his mother. Dean would kick his ass if they lost their door again. Cas flopped down on the bottom bunk so hard it shook Dean. He removed his headphones, “What the fuck, man?” he asked leaning over and looking down toward the floor.
Dean thought he saw Cas move toward him, but he wasn’t sure. What he was sure of is how soft and pliable Cas’ lips seemed under him. Cas’ seemed to melt under him, as Dean eased him back on the couch. He took every thing that Cas was giving him. Dean gently flicked his tongue over Cas’ bottom lip, begging for entrance. Cas slowly parted his lips for his stepbrother. Dean smiled as he slipped his tongue in Cas’ mouth.
Sobbing filled Dean’s dreams. there was pain and the smell of blood surrounded him. flashes of blue made him shake. He woke with a jump and tried to shake off the last few remnants of his dream. He noticed that his hand was cold, and was no longer holding Cas’s. He noticed that the room smell more sour now than it had when he dozed off. His eyes flew open hoping, and dreading, to see those beautiful blue eyes. He knew if those eyes were finally open then he would have to leave. He knew that Cas wouldn’t want him there, and Dean didn’t blame him.
Cas followed behind Dean as he pushed Emmy in a Wal-Mart buggy. They dropped her medicine off to be filled and Dean asked Emmy what she wanted to do once they got home, “Can we rent Minions again?” Emmy asked.
Mary sighed, “Because I know you. I knew that you would get pissed and when Cas just left I couldn't let you hurt Dean too. I knew you would treat him different. You were always so sure he was gonna be alpha. He should be,” she paused, “but submitting isn’t in alpha biology. I didn’t want to upset you until he presented. We would deal with it then, when it became an issue.”
Cas ran to the two story house a few blocks away from his house. He needed to see Dean, to tell him. It was a snowy day, school had just let out for christmas. Sophomore year was already halfway done. Cas came to a stop and looked up at the large white house in front of him, Dean’s. He smiled as he walked up to the bright red door and knocked. “Hold on,” he heard Dean yell from the other side of the door. Cas couldn't stop smiling.
“Yes, ma’am,” Cas was surprised that she had gone that easily on him and he guessed it was because she adored Dean, most people did, and she grew up with Mary.
Dean was 19, just turned 19, he knew he couldn’t have a family, but he does now. He has a family. He has an omega and a child. They have a kid together, surely that changes things now. It took Dean a moment but he finally said, “They are coming home with me. They’re mine. We will be together like we always should have been.”
“It was never that. I was so messed up about the fact that you were an alpha. It frustrated me so much. How could I think that another alpha could be my mate. I fought with myself, to keep myself under control. Then you joined the team and I had to be around you. It was so hard. I watched you interact with the others and saw you laugh. Everything about you was perfect.”
The gym looked alot like it did for prom, there was entirely to much tulle and string lights and balloons. It screamed, “I was decorated by Becky Rosen.” However, there was pie and free beer, so Dean didn't complain too much.
An hour outside of Lawrence, Kansas, Dean pulled into a Texaco station. "Sit out here baby, I'll be right back." Cas wasn't sure why Dean had stopped here until he saw Dean running out of the door with a fist full of cash. They were racing out if the parking lot before Dean even had his door closed all the way. I didn't bargain for this, Cas told himself, but he loved Dean so he slid across the bench seat and laid his head on the broad firm shoulder that belonged to the man he adored.
“In a few day,” Cas said turning to see what Dean was looking at, “oh, them? They’re all assholes and alphas but they don’t tend to mess with me.” Cas leaned into Dean and placed his arms around Dean's neck and placed a small kiss on his cheek.
“I wasn’t paying attention. Cas, I just found Amara cheating on me,” Dean scooted back on the bed laying back against the wall, “They could have been saying that about me and I wouldn't have noticed that either.”
Sam popped the movie into the dvd player and went to sit down until he noticed how the little family on the couch was sitting. He pulled his phone out and slid open the camera, taking a picture before moving to the other end of the couch.
Cas couldn't stifle the moan that left his parted lips if he tried, as Dean's firm erection pressed against his bare backside.
“I have some toys in her room. I can go get her some.” Dean smiled up at Cas as he got up from the couch. Cas walked into Gracies room and pulled out a few toys that he had bought thinking that Grace would like them. He grabbed a stuffed elephant and a few toys that light up and make sounds.
“Yes ma’am,” all three said, roughly around the same time. Mary handed over Gracie and gave the boys a hug.
Dean smiled as she laughed. It was the greatest sound in the world. She was getting so big almost five months old. She get baby food every other day and day is a baby food day.  Dean walked into the living. John handed Gracie to him, and Dean helped him up off the couch.
“Lisa,” one of the other teachers called getting her attention, “is that guy a parent or do we need to be worried?”
The look sent Dean into motion. He moved over to Sam and handed Gracie to him, “Go somewhere he can’t find y’all,” he whispered to Sam, only loud enough that Sam could hear.
“Just come on,” Dean had set everything up before the sun went hours ago, and now he was just really hoping that everything wasn’t damp from the dew. He got permission from his dad to camp outside for the remainder of the night.
Michael turned to Cas and smiled. Cas wouldn’t deny that he flinched a little at that sight.  MIchael huffed a little and started talking again. “We had plans to run away after we graduated, but your grandfather found out before we could and I was sent to a boarding school in Europe.”
“Oh, Cas, it’s not you, Sweetheart, it’s me I can’t hurt you again, I can’t use you like this. I want to, God, how I want this, you, my sweet little omega, but your not mine and I never should have taken you the way I did before. You deserve so much more than me, more than I can ever hope to be. How can I help you when I don't trust me not to hurt you again?”
“Do you think Cassie will want to watch the movie with us and eat pizza?” her voice was small and unsure, almost like she was scared to ask.
Dean pulled into the driveway. Sammy sat beside him, up front, and John was stretched out along the back seat. Dean and Sam climbed out before they helped John out back of the driver’s side. They helped him inside and sat him down on the couch. Sam flopped down beside John, and Dean walked into the kitchen, “Where’s Cas?” he asked Mary after placing a kiss on her check.
“Mr. Di’Angalo,” Cas look over to the voice, to see Ms. Barnes looking at the scene around him, “please let go of Mr. Wisdom and follow me, both of you,” She didn’t look back at them, just started walking back to her office.
The day went much like homeroom. First and second period was a sweet release. No Castiel.  Cas was in his third period and lunch but Dean was free of him during fourth. He had never been happier to leave school than he was that day.
Cas sat in the same silence and allowed it to surround him, he allowed it to wash way those memories and hurtful words. He let the silence drown out the hate he held for this place. He began to understand that the man sitting out here with him now was not the same punk that
Dean smiled, a sad little smile, “We could of had it all, all of it. You could of been my alpha. I would have present as an omega and only have been yours. Forever. I guess I still could if I still loved you.” He pushed himself up and looked around the room, his room, Cas was sitting in his room. His senses betrayed him, as the room began to smell like home for the first time in a year. A small growl grew in the back of his throat. Fuck Cas and his fucking scent.
He watched as Cas walked past their booth and slid in the one behind Dean, sitting sideways leaning back against the wall. Ellen brought Gracie back out and Jo walked right beside her mother, playing with the babies toes.	They were both smiling, giggling at the baby. “She is just the sweetest thing,” Ellen said handing Benny the baby, who passed her to Dean.
The second floor of the hospital looked like any other floor, the walls were blindingly white, floors were waxed and shiny, just like all the other floors in floor of any hospital. But the tiled ceiling was a little different, blue and pink baby feet were painted on every other tile. There was a waiting room as you stepped off the elevator. It was almost empty, there was a guy in the far corner, seemingly asleep.
Cas sighed again, rather dramatically, and walked into the kitchen. Everything was still and dark. The house still asleep. It's always like this when he wakes up. He does his best to avoid everyone in the house, mainly Dean, but avoiding one person is hard, so Cas keeps to himself. He leaves for school every morning before his brothers.
“I’m your brother, and you sat there and let them call me gay and a faggot. Made everyone laugh when the thought of how much I wanted my stepbrother to fuck me.” His eyes had started watering again, and Dean heart broke a little.
Cas stepped out of his pants, removed his shirt and moved back to the bed, reclaiming his previous position over Dean. Dean pushed himself up on his elbows and claimed Cas’ lips, while falling back to the bed.
However no matter how much he stilled his nerves he was not prepared to see Cas sitting on the bed, with only his shirt still on and clinging to his skin, drenched from sweat. His head was resting on his hands, elbows propped on very bare knees and he seemed to be sobbing, “I’m sorry, Alpha,” he cried, his shoulders moving with the sobs. Dean sat the food and water down and moved to the omega, kneeling in front of him.
Dean was moaning below Cas, god, he was close he could feel it, almost there. “Fuck,” Dean moaned and began to come, turning his head to the side, revealing his neck, submitting to Cas once again.
Upstair Bobby rolled over Sam’s desk chair over to the bed and gently woke up Dean. Dean groaned and looked up at him, “Hey old man,” he mumbled up at him, “If Ma called you then I’m really sick huh?”
Naomi left about thirty minutes after the movie began, calling bye to both boys who merely waved back at her. “Order something for supper and do not burn down my house,”
So two people have told me there's no pic. Is the little pic box there? if it is right click and open in a new page. if it doesn't work let me know.
At fourteen weeks Dean got to see his baby, his sweet little angel. He could see her tapping her foot like she had her own music playing. She was all his. His sweet little Grace. Cas had always said that he loved the grace of everything around him, that it made him feel like more than he was. So maybe when he sees Grace, when he meets, well maybe if he meets her, he would feel worth everything to them.
Michael's grip was firm as he held Cas’ hand. “I will regret how I treated you for the rest of my life.” Michael turned Cas’ hand just enough so that he could see the scars, that are usually hidden beneath long sleeves. “I am so sorry.”
“Umm,” Cas cleared his throat, “are you thirsty. I have tea in the fridge. Mary taught me how to make it right before I moved in over here.”
Dean embraced the warmth that surrounded them, and held tight to Cas. It was over. This would never happen again. Cas would find an Omega or a female beta, and Dean would be alone. He knew that he would never love anyone like Cas. Yes, they were young but that doesn’t change the fact that even if Dean presented as an Alpha, he had already found his mate and it broke him to know that he would never be allowed to be with him.
Dean and Sam left the room together, Sam went to his room, while Dean headed downstairs. John was standing at the coffee maker, “Hey Dad,” Dean called as he walked to the fridge. He grabbed the orange juice out and closed the door. He turned and looked at his dad, “I’m sorry, Dad, I know you're upset and disappointed in me but I didn’t think this could happened.”
Crowley saw Castiel standing close to his locker. No omega today, huh? First time in a month. Crowley stared at Castiel, trying to figure how was the best way to do this. It was still early, he had time to plan this out. He thinks the bathroom would be a good place, the doors could be locked. Lots of hard objects. I just can’t kill him, Crowley thought, Dean would never forgive me for that. A bathroom, right after lunch. He knew Cas, he would always be late going back to class, usually smoking in the upstairs bathroom in B wing. Thats where it would happen.
Dean stood completely still as Cas leaned into him. He knew what was about to happened, but he couldn't bring himself to move. He stood there anticipating the way it was going to feel when Cas’ lips finally met his again. It was perfect, just like a year ago. Dean sighed into the kiss, leaning into Cas as he encircled Dean with his arms. Cas licked the seam of Dean’s lips and Dean hesitantly parted his lips for Cas, for his alpha. Cas deepened the kiss causing Dean to moan, a sound that was swiftly swallowed by Cas.
School became unbearable for the alpha without Cas being there. He kept looking for the messy hair, the blue eyes, the adorable laugh echoing through the halls, but instead he was greeted with everything but. Nothing was said to him about the claiming in the locker room, not that Dean would be in much trouble about it, maybe a fine at the worse. If Dean wanted, he could have had Chuck arrested for kidnapping his own son. Dean was now Castiel’s alpha. That thought alone made Dean smile, until he remembered that Cas didn't want him as his alpha and had disappeared to stay safe from Dean. Dean left school three weeks after the claiming. He was a month from graduating.
Cas was sitting in the living room, when Dean walked over to the front door, he slipped on his boots and grabbed the impalas keys off the hook by the door. He looked over the counter to where Mary was starting to prep for dinner, “Me and Sammy’s gonna go get dad. He just called and said he was almost ready to leave. Know you're busy with dinner but Gracie is upstairs asleep didn't want to wake her up.”
“Yeah,” Dean moaned as Cas nibbled on his ear. Cas slid his hands down Dean’s arm, before grabbing his hand and leading him to their room, to Cas’ bed.
Sam quietly opened Dean’s door, pushing on it it just enough to see that his older brother was wrapped tightly in his blankets, pillows amess around his head. Sam sighed. This was bad, something was wrong with Dean and nobody seemed to be doing anything about it. His mom was a nurse shouldn't she know what was wrong with Dean, shouldn’t she be able to fix him. He gently closed the door and walked downstairs to the kitchen. Sam sat down at the table to finish the homework that he didn’t finish on the bus.
“Guess he's got a point there but you don't have to be in a rush to leave.” Dean looked down at his knees.
Dean broke away first, with a sweet dopey smile on his face, “I love you Cas,” he moved his mouth down Cas’s sharp jawline and down his neck, stopping to nibble on Cas’s clavicle.
Dean seemed to be frozen, “Hey Cas,” Dean called out as Cas stepped on the top step, “Me too. From the first moment I saw you.” He stopped talking, while he walked to the door. It was his turn now, the kiss wasn’t soft and sweet this time, it was sloppy and hungry, and was ended by a loud exaggerated honk of Anna’s horn. “How long are you gonna be in town?”
Hey guys sorry it took so long but here is the next chapter. All mistakes are my own, let me know if any are to bad love you guys.
Dean was unusually upset, of course Dean knew what was wrong his wolf was grieving his missing mate. Dean was irritable and grumpy. He was snapping at Sam, his Mom and Bobby. He was mad at himself and his sweet Castiel for just leaving him. Of course Dean, the rational Dean, understood why the omega fled, if the roles were reversed he would have run far and fast from the alpha that raped and claimed him.
Dean looked around the room he was standing in, it was a homey little room, pictures of Cas and Gabe were spread around in a few places and he even saw one of Emmy, a sweet one of Emmy holding the bear that Cas had gotten her for her birthday. Dean walked over to the picture and rubbed a thumb over his little girl's face, “My sweet Emmy,” he whispered.
They both showed up at the next dinner on Sunday, only to be chewed again by John for missing a whole week of family dinners.
He held his thumb over the name for a moment wondering if he really wanted to know what it said. So much had changed in the past few hours. He didn’t know what Dean would say now. He finally let his thumb hit the screen and read the simple words on the screen that made his day a million times better. ‘We’ll talk promise.’ only three words on a screen held so much promise for him. A promise of a future, maybe. He smiled at the phone and thought for a while about what to say back to him, after a few minutes of a debate he lamely settles on ‘thank you’ and hit sends.
Emmy was sitting on top of the table, close to Gabe and Sam, holding the box close to her, “Can I open it Daddy? Please! Please!”
Cas listened as Dean talked to him. “You’ll always be it for me.” Cas shivered at Dean’s words. He wanted to say something, anything, but he couldn’t figure out what. So much was running through his mind. He wanted to make Dean happy and to make him suffer at the same time.
Dean passed through the room and into a small hallway, the inside wall was lined with windows. three of the four windows had the blinds drawn covering whatever was behind them, but there was one window left open. Dean looked in, laying in a small plastic bassinet, with a white blanket with pink and blue stripes swaddled the most precious thing Dean had even seen. He didn’t need to see the name on the pink piece of paper to know that she was his, he could just tell. She was sleeping with a tiny green passi in her mouth. Dean smiled and place a hand on the glass. This small bundle was his, his and Cas’s. They made this. He knew that he was completely in love already.
Dean walked over to the bunk beds, sitting the pie on the bedside table, he sat down on the edge of the bed. “What's wrong?” Dean asked.
“Well,” Bobby began, “you have a few options. It’s still early, so there's about three diffrent things you can do, keep it, put it up for adoption or abortion.”
Dean looked down at his phone again. Sam should be done with tutoring soon. Sam was Dean’s younger brother. He was a freshman this year and the teachers already had him tutoring. The kid was brilliant, and Dean could not be more proud of him.
“Little, yeah. Noticed it when I got out of the stink from upstairs. Maybe we should air that out a little,” Dean joked, trying not to think about what the scent change meant.
Bobby was sitting at the kitchen table, nursing a warming beer, when John arrived a few hours later. Bobby was Mary’s uncle and doctor when she was pregnant with both Dean and Sam. He was the one person she knew that she could count on no matter what. He wanted to punch that smug looking bastard in his face when he strolled into the house, tossing his leather jacket on the back of the couch and his keys on the counter.
Cas didn't say anything for a moment just sat beside Dean, “I should probably go, Anna will be looking for me soon.” Dean looked at Cas to question why Anna was here, and Cas seemed to be able to read that thought, “She’s my plus one today.”
"Idjit," Bobby said. Cas chuckled a little at the gruffness behind the word. "Well I got a call from my nephew telling me that he'd been arrested for knocking over a Texaco. So I get to go deal with that dumb ass."
Dean walked upstairs with Gracie. He laid her in her crib and walked across the hallway to fix her a bath.
Dean lies down on the bed and Cas rolls into him. "I love you," Dean says, "no matter what don't forget that," running his fingers through Cas's dark messy hair.
It had been four weeks since that night. Cas tried not to, but Dean was often on his mind. It was always worse at night. Dean would always creep in late, usually after midnight, and try to be quiet as he climbed up the steps to his bed. Cas always smelled the same overly sweet aroma coming off of Dean as climbed the step by his head.
“You're not walking,” Dean growled, Alpha leaking out in his words. Cas bowed his head and started whimpering, “I’m sorry, god Cas, I'm so sorry.” Dean moved closer to Cas but stopped himself before he was to close. “I can’t control it sometimes, as you know, I’ll get Sam to drive you home. I can call him right now. You don’t have to stay around me any longer.”
Dean sat in algebra, head propped up on his hand, elbow resting on his desk, trying his best to stay awake. He tried to listen as Mr. Copeland talked about polynomial functions. His head was hurting and he was starting to get hot. He swayed in his chair a little before his hand shot up.
Hey guys. so sorry for the long wait. i know this chapter probably has has it flaws but if any of them are to bad just let me know. i want to thank all of you, those that have been with me through out this story and those that are just now reading it. the fact this story has done so well is amazing to me. i enjoy reading everything that yall have to say and the comments and kudos make my day. i promise that i will not give up on this story this next chapter hopefully wont take as long.  i love you all, my dearest readers.
He had been looking at the building for an hour, just looking at it, debating on if he should go in or not. He needed to check on his mate, and everything in him still claimed Dean as his, no matter what deal Michael might have worked out with ‘Drea’s old man. Dean was always his. He took the first step toward the doors and stopped as the automatically slid opened. Dean wouldn’t want to see him. Dean’s family hadn’t spoke to him since John punched him before Dean left months ago.
“Yeah, I know,” Dean snapped walking away from the picture and over to the window looking out to the street, the group of alpha’s were now in front of the house leaned against the impala, he wanted to open the door and yell at them to get the fuck off his damn car but he knew that he couldn’t take on all the alpha’s out there so he dropped the curtain, “I can’t leave him on his own.”
Sam was woken up as well, but John was more focused on Dean, so the boy was able to slip into the restroom to go get dressed. When he came out, Dean was on the floor, doing pushups while John stacked books on his back. Sam immediately dropped into position and started doing pushups as well.
Dean frowned a little as he took a step back from his seething father, “I’m sorry... I won’t fall asleep again. I’ve just been having a hard time staying awake lately...” He shrunk back into himself, wishing that he could hide away with some music, just like Sam was able to. The teen was sitting on his bed, headphones on as he played his music loud enough to drown out the yelling. John was only okay with it because he was too angry at Dean to care about what Sam was doing.
Benny frowned and went over, setting a hand on Dean’s shoulder to steady him and frowning at the slight flinch that he felt under his palm. “Why don’t you go sit in the back for a few minutes? Just take a minute, and I’ll handle this darlin’.”
Dean’s mouth gaped open as he tried to find a way to react to that, but he eventually backed down and nodded a little, “Yes, Sir. There won’t be any more problems. I promise.”
Dean couldn’t help the roll of his eyes, already standing up from his desk as he shook his head, “No thanks... and I’m not your friend.” He picked up his notebook and pen, leaving the classroom without another word. He then grabbed the rest of his stuff from his locker, his bag already packed because he made sure to always be ready to leave. He left the school and went to go meet Sam at the car, grateful that the two schools were right next to each other, so they could both walk to the car and save an extra trip around town.
Dean woke up with a flinch, sitting up and rubbing the sleep from his eyes. He grabbed the boots and put them on without bothering to change out of his pajamas. He knew that his father saw getting dressed as a waste of time in the heat of a battle – or in the middle of a training session.
His most important responsibility, though – besides making sure no one found about his living situations – was keeping Sammy protected from everything that went bump in the night. That involved both deflecting questions about monsters and Dad’s job, and making sure that Sam was always safe and never being hunted by anything.
Not that he had anything against college, but he wasn’t planning on going anytime soon, not while he had Sam to take care of. Instead, he had just sat at his desk, doodling in a notebook. When Mister Jefferson had walked by, neither had commented on it, but he had set a note on Dean’s desk, asking him to stay behind after class to discuss some things.
“So, Dean, what college are you going to apply to?” Mister Jefferson, Dean’s eighth period history teacher, asked as he pulled him aside at the end of the day. During class that day, they had been discussing colleges, and instead of a lesson, everyone had been working on their college admission essays.
Dean set a plate of hotdog mac and cheese in front of Sam before sitting next to him at the table with him with his own plate of food. “How was school?” he asked through a mouthful of food. He was never the most graceful when it came to eating.
Dean was silent for the rest of the night, serving dinner to Sam before going to bed. Since he had been fired from his night job, he was able to catch up on his sleep for once, which was a surprising feat. On any usual night, he and Sam would be ecstatic, spending time together, watching movies, and catching up from their disjointed time together that had become their norm, but neither of them were really up for it after the surprise visit from their father. Thankfully, Sam understood, so Dean didn’t feel like he was letting him down too much.
Benny shrugged, “We haven’t. She’s just latched onto us, and she’ll keep trying to start something until she gets bored or dies.” He pulled his hand back from rubbing back when he felt like the other could breathe on his own again, “How are you feeling?”
A soft sigh of frustration fell from his lips as he tried to lace up his boots, finding that the frayed ends hindered how smooth the knot was. After fumbling with the stringy laces for far too long, he ended up with just a messy knot at the top of his shoe.
He made sure Sam was set for the evening, making a quick dinner for him and making him promise to eat at least half of what was on his plate before going and getting ready for work. There wasn’t ever too much of an issue about Sam not eating his dinner, but the promise always made Dean feel better anyway, and Sam was always happy to ease some of his brother’s worries.
Finally, the training was over, and John let them go. Sam went to go work on his homework for the weekend, putting his headphones in and listening to music while he worked, just in case there was another fight. Dean went and made breakfast for the three of them. He needed something to keep himself busy. Both of the boys were exhausted from the vigorous workouts, but it made John happy, so they dealt with it. Everything was better when John was happy.
Dean Winchester thought of himself as a calm, cool, and collected kind of guy. He knew that when things went wrong, he could shake himself off, pick himself up by the bootstraps, and keep going.
“Dean... Dean... wake up. Do I have to call your father?” Miss Miller, Dean’s math teacher, asked, tapping on his desk to wake him up during third period. Miss Miller was a nice teacher – giving Dean slack when he was late to turn assignments in, giving him extra credit to keep his grades in a passing range, and helping him out when he didn’t understand a lesson – but even the kindest teachers got irritated when students kept falling asleep in their classes, and this was becoming a near-daily occurrence for Dean.
Dean blasted his music as he drove home, signing along in his horrible, strained voice to the best of Metallica. When he finally got out of the car, he locked it up and walked into the motel room. A smile showed up on his face as he saw Sam curled up and asleep. The kid was so adorable in his sleep. He just looked so peaceful and happy, undamaged by the horrible world.
