Dean, who had just taken a gulp of his coffee, started coughing. Once his lungs were clear, he asked, "Really?"
Amara stood alone, the outside group, ensuring that the house was completely secured and all the lights were out before jumping onto the couch and wrapping herself into a bundle. She watched over the entire group and didn't sleep until everyone else as gone into a deep sleep. She thought about the many past lives she had lived, the number of different omegas she had been, how this is always what they worked for before going to sleep herself.
Cas nodded his head and hid his face into Dean's chest, hiding the blush that was sure to cover his face. He felt Dean nuzzle into the back of his head in comfort before the two women went back to their conversation.
"We can do both. It's been decades since I have ice cream. There's bound to be a parlor up ahead. I have one of the cards, so we should be good.
Abbadon walked boldly out of the room, watching the door to a slamming halt when it hit the wall. Naomi and Zachariah stayed quiet until they heard her footsteps fade away.
"I would say so since there is probably only one person who has access to it. From my end, I really can't do anything more."
Inside the closet, there was a hole through the back. It was standing empty. Dean raced to the human-sized hole in the wall and tried to make his way through. On the other side, he saw Emily resting unconscious in Sebastian's arms and the two girls in the arms of the other demon.
Cas's head slightly tilted down. "No. I don't think I can carry everyone currently. My grace is still to depleted."
Once Emily was done passing drinks around, she asked the group, "Is there anything else I can help you with?"
John looked at all of them. "You all seriously believe this. This is all impossible. I'm going to prove that this thing is evil once and for all."
Cas handed his phone to Dean and felt the alpha relax some. Dean might not trust numbers, but he did trust her.
"Yes. He decided to move here to be closer to me, and since he doesn't have anywhere to go, he's currently staying with me. He tried to make plans for us tonight, and when I said I had a date..." Cas led on.
"I was bored one day," Bobby said. "It's come in handy many times. Can't have the two of you walking around willy-nilly until we figure out what is going on."
"No," Cas responded. "Celine is not that powerful. It would not have created a force like that. I did not get rid of the other protection charms given. Even though individually they were not strong, together they showed a strong reaction."
"You know how I had to stay at work late last night? He came to see me during that, and we came back here to eat dinner."
"I've done all the tests I could do, and all of them make no sense to me. I don't know how much more help I can be."
The two were slowly walking up to Cas when the door behind them open, revealing a smaller woman with wavy dark hair with a small boy by her side.
Celine screamed, not expecting someone to pop up next to her. Once her brain caught up with the fact that it was Castiel, she calmed down and smacked his arm. "Don't do that."
"Good night, Sam. I will see you tomorrow morning. Do not stay up all night reading," Cas gently warned.
"I know," Dean told them. "But you don't have to worry about him now. Now, how about I untie you guys."
Sam sat near his brother and pulled on one of his niece's pigtails. Her head swung around wildly as her bright green eyes found a new person to play with. Letting of Dean's ear, she made her way into Sam's lap.
"People have died for less, omegas specifically. People were drowned just because others refused to understand them. And that's not even the most recent thing I can name," Cas ended with a pointed look.
Charlie looked up at him with an unimpressed look. "Finally back after playing hooky for a week. You're lucky I like Cas, or I would have shown up at your house to harass you. So much happened since you left. Makes my head hurt, honestly."
"It might be. Heaven has no plans for them nor would I allow them to. As much as I hate him, we have a "working relationship" with Crowley. He will come to us if something we to happen."
Dean was anxious as he left work that Friday. Not only did he have a date tonight, but he also had to see the man beforehand when picking up his younger brother. Benny was looking over him all day with a smirk on his face muttering about him being a lovesick puppy. If anything, he was a wolf who was finally given a chance to court his true mate.
"It is, believe me. But it's something that hasn't happened recently. Or if it has... no one took a sample of it or took pictures. It's not in any police database. I've expanded the search further. I'm just waiting on my babies to tell me something, and if they do, I'll tell you."
"I mean... you smell like you but not you..." she said, lifting her head from his shoulder. "Is there something you want to tell me?"
"Uh, yeah. He's a beta, spent most of his life growing up in Utah, kinda fell off the map for a bit before his body was found...
"You're not going to be able to do that. This place is surrounded, and there is no way for you to go. Taking these hostages just made it a lot worse for you."
"If you think that I'm not going to go with you, you've sadly been mistaken," the young mother said.
"Yes, I suppose you might not remember me. It seemed to be quite a shock to you. My name's Sebastian. And you are?
Gabe shook it off, dumping a mountain of sugar in his cup. Kali continued to stare at them, looking for any untoward interaction between the alpha and omega. She liked Castiel and would willingly kill the two if they were doing something behind his back. The younger omega had been through enough.
Dean walked back into the bedroom to lead the kids out as they ran to attach themselves to his legs. It was slightly awkward the move, but he made it work, knowing he wouldn't get the kids to let go of him. They quickly left the room, slowly made their way down the stairs and out of the apartment complex.
Reaching the news and scenting an alpha from the woman, he gripped her arm tighter. "Can you come with me?"
The ride took about twenty minutes in the remaining strands of Friday traffic. He pulled up into the driveway of a quaint little house with a small garden just off the front. The pale coloring of the house somehow fit the omega perfectly.
"Her name is Amara," Castiel answered, interrupting his brother. "She is a new friend. I know who she is."
None of the men questioned her further. The Impala filled with a tense but comfortable silence as they continued along the darkened highway.
"No, it had nothing to do with how you are doing in school, Sam," Cas answered. "You are doing very well in class."
Mary thought back to the way John immediately tried to pick a fight with her boys. He immediately attacked Dean because of who he fell in love with. Sam tried to skirt around how John made him feel about going to college. Maybe she was just missing a piece of the puzzle from an unbiased source.
Cas took a while to start. "As I said before, my parents are quite religious. They were also very traditional in their ways. They were both alphas, and when I finally presented at eleven, let's just say they were displeased.
The next morning, Sam woke up to an incessant knocking from the door. He luckily got enough sleep last night from not having to bleach his brain when he got back. Not only were Dean and Cas asleep, but they were also clothed. Miracles do exist, Sam thought to himself.
The group of five was walking back to the Impala that was parked not too far away. Dean popped the trunk for Mary to place the charms before getting in. Once settled in their seats, John asked: "What exactly is the plan?"
"Make sure Lucifer picks up Sam later as well," Cas called to his alpha on the way out. "I don't want him to get sick."
Dean froze because he had, in fact, not. Both he and Cas agreed that for now, it would be best to not let anyone know so that the school wouldn't kick Sam out of the class. He's been flourishing under Cas's guidance and didn't need the suspicion of favoritism in the classroom running amok.
He was still thinking about it when his thoughts were interrupted again. "You do not have to tell me if you do not want to," the omega said tentatively.
Cas, who was starting to understand more human phrases, did not question why Sam though a person's stomach would eat itself. There were mechanisms in place to prevent that from happening. He could hear in Sam's voice, though, that he was joking. As the three guys left the room. Cas stayed huddled to Dean. He had noticed that the angel had become more and more clingy as his pregnancy continued. The longer he has gone, the less time he felt like he could stay away from Dean. He feels more and more anxious. He knows that he normally would not be feeling this way, but he did not care at this point. He wanted to be with the father of his child, his grace-mate.
He sat there mindlessly until the news station turned to an empty conference room with official emblems hanging on the walls with journalists filling the outer space of the room. There was general mumbling within the room that the cameras didn't really catch before a hush fell over the room. A dark-skinned man walked to a podium while a more petite woman with a stern look walked behind him.
Pulling up to the crime scene, Dean looked around the neighborhood. He whistled at the large house that was in front of him. Mansion would have been a more appropriate term.
The omega slowly made his way off back into the library. The alpha made sure to get his library card out for when the pup finished checking himself out. The two bagged their books up in the bags provided and made their way out, figuring out what they would do for the rest of the day, all the while Dean was floating on cloud nine.
"Hi, can we help you?" the passenger asked. He was lanky with a slight beard and a small smile on his face.
"One, Charlie and Donna would kill you if they heard you say that they're girls," Dean started. "Two, Cas found out he's pregnant."
"If he does, I'll kick his ass. I know he's a douche, but not that much of a douche. Anyways, I hear Sam coming back. Let's not worry about it right now. Let's wait until all the information comes in before we get ahead of ourselves.
"It's alright, my love," Zachariah said loudly so that whoever was on the other end could hear him as well. "Michael has a good head on his shoulders. He'll know the right thing to do."
"I guess it's because I didn't exactly sign up for this," Amara sighed. "I mean, I was supposed to be the cool aunt who spoiled the kids. I don't know what I'm doing."
"I'm glad," he said. "Not that you should not have children. That is not at all what I was saying. Just that..."
"Lucifer, there really is no need for this," Castiel begged of his brother, his timid voice breaking through the thick silence.
Tho two made their trek downstairs as the shrill sound of the doorbell on continuously louder. Getting to the door, he saw through the door a very short man continuously pressing the button while seeming to look for movement within the house.
"Look whose here," Lucifer murmured to the group, leading all of them to look up where he was looking.
'Okay then,' Dean thought to himself, dragging Sammy away from the woman with him before he did something he regretted. He guided his little brother down to the bright blue sign proclaiming that it was Mr. Novak's classroom. The door was wide open, and the squeals of small pups were heard inside.
Sam and Dean were running around the house trying to get all the ingredients Celine needed: a combination of herbs, matches, and a map.
Bobby looked at the woman he didn't know standing in front of him. It was clearly the famous Mary Winchester. He could practically see Dean's stern look shining through. "At least two good things were going for this ill-fated family," he thought to himself.
Emily yanked her hand out of the man's grip. She turned and followed through the seemingly endless hallways, following the sound of the girls. Now the crying had separated, and she could hear two distinct voices. She heard John making his way behind her, somehow keeping up, but she paid him no mind. It felt like forever until the sound sounded directly in front of them.
"We're going with someone who knows something about the original story. We also don't know if they would have heard a different one than Benny's. It's probably an old story; things may have changed from version to version. Charlie thinks if we figure out the story, we'll be able to trace it back to the person or people who did it. It might give us something."
"Bobby, are you sure that the salt and water trick would have worked? It didn't work on Yellow Eyes."
"I told them that their parents had to leave them. They wished that they could bring the two of them with them and that Johnny had to go with them. For younger kids, it usually works until they are old enough to realize what happened."
"We ran into her this morning at the coffee shop," Mary interrupted with a smirk on her face. "She said the most interesting thing."
Once her mother was out of sight, Riley stopped chanting. She faced the older girl with the brightly colored hair and reached out to pat her cheek.
Dean could tell that John was about to go off the rails, so he halts what he was going to be a long, unwanted conversation later.
"What are you talking about?" Cas said, turning to look at Amara, assuming that she knew as well. She continued to look on with confusion, not knowing what he was talking about either.
Castiel slowly blinked his eyes open, recognizing the room he was in. It wasn't this parent's living room. It was the bedroom that he shared with Dean, in his house, with Sam down the hall probably still sleeping. He came back to himself, feeling a thumb softly stroking his cheek. Turning to the heat he felt on his side, he looked into the tired yet alert emerald eyes.
The first few steps were met with utter silence. It was eerily silent, almost as if the place was empty. Further in, they continued seeing what seemed like long, endless hallways with an infinite amount of doors. They assumed the rest was like this, but they could only go through this building floor by floor.
"He's the reason that everything's wrong," John simply stated, trying to sidestep the woman. Suddenly;t there was pain radiating from his left cheek. Mary's hand was still up from the hit.
"Oh, nothing really," she said, waving him off. "Just tell me you didn't do anything in front of the children. Small, fragile minds running around that absorb everything. Can't corrupt the children, now can we."
Emily walked away, heading straight for the kitchen. While there was no one around, Mary decided to speak up about the case.
The demon punched her clean across the face and again and the irritating answer. Blood pulled in Emily's mouth, and she spat a glob at him. With a blood-soaked grin, she continued to badger him. "Seriously, in all the books, demons are supposed to be fearsome creatures. You know, with weatherly wings and stuff. What do you do? A little eye changing and telekinesis. Kinda weak."
Castiel looked at the clock and noticed that he only had a couple of minutes to be in the gym for afterschool. Maybe afterward, Sam could help him pick all these toys up before they left to go home. Cas set about picking up one last pile of toys, putting them back where they should. There was still some room on the shelf where he didn't have to stay hunched over to place items. He was stuffing the last few toys in when there was a knock at the door.
"Dean was the one who was trying to talk down the suspect. For that reason, he's the one being investigated. Making sure he was in the right mind or should have done it."
Cas could feel Dean look up at the other omega. Amara gave the two of them a wink. "Yeah, she's definitely up to something."
Looking at her eldest's lover... boyfriend, she was aa bit curious about him. Yes, he was an angel, and she didn't think that she would ever meet one, but that wasn't it. There was something up with him, but she didn't know what. Call it female intuition.
Dean felt eyes burning into his back. He did everything he could to ignore it, but it was taking everything inside of him. The only distraction was that endless pile of paperwork that seemed to get larger every time he turned his head. It had been like this for weeks, but the dread continued pooling in his stomach.
"Sorry, dude. I'm an older sibling myself. No one is ever good enough. Add on the fact how he was treated when he was younger, you're going to have an uphill battle on your end."
Speaking of the devil, or was that too soon at this point, Sam walked into the room looking for his brother who had taken too long to get a beer. He walked into the study, book still in hand, stopping short at the sign of the two people that should not have been there.
"Yes, ma'am," Dean jokingly told the little girl, getting a small giggle from her. He walked out of the room again and turned the lights off. Walking back downstairs, he was surprised to see Cas still sitting on the couch. "You're still here?"
Dean fully curled his omega into this arms as he walked to the master bedroom upstairs. He gently set the omega on the bed and put him under the covers before heading to the bathroom for a shower.
A deep sigh came out of John's body, sounding as he was scolding her. "I assumed that this would have been easy."
"The best possible play would be to get her out and about," Bobby told the boy. "Another is to try to get her out of the house. I suggested Cas touch up the warding around the place. Make it harder at least."
So... I know that a couple of you wanted Dean to adopt Christie and Steve, but I have other plans for them. I hope this appeases you guys, knowing that they will show up from time to time.
"No, you're not," Cas sleepily uttered. "I can smell you." Emphasizing the statement with a deep inhale.
The pup looked up and found his brother's eyes. He put the book into his bookbag and ran over to his brother, colliding with his legs.
"Cassie? This weekend, do you think we can get the next book?" Sam asked, holding Cas' hand as the two of them walked through the parking lot. Earlier, Sam had finished the large book the two had been slowly going through.
Mary ran toward him, falling to her knees in front of him, pulling him into a tight hug, which was returned.
Instead of answering him, Dean once again dialed a number, but this time didn't put it on speaker. "Hey, Cas."
"You're not fat, babe," Dean assured him. "You are doing the awe-inspiring job of making life inside of you."
Sam quickly grabbed clothes out of his duffle, and hurried into the bathroom, practically throwing his clothes onto his body. It took him a while, but he did eventually realize he was practically naked in front of his mom. Afterward brushed his teeth filling his mouth with tons of bubbles.
"After that, he took us to the apartment," Christie told him. "He carried us in. We screamed, but no one came out to help us. He took us into the room and pushed us in, telling us to put the clothes on the bed. We did so to get out for our nightclothes. He closed the door and left us there."
"No one to report them missing, and it's not out of the norm for them to disappear off the face of the earth. Why were they found all over the place?"
Sam and Dean walked out of the library and to the Impala. Instead of driving straight to the diner, the two went to change and picked up their parents. They knew it would cause problems if they happened to forget to feed the two of them. Luckily they were nearby the motel and didn't have to go far out of the way.
She then turned to the two alphas. "The two of you should go into work. The next few days are going to be crucial. Look farther into the cold case you and Benny are working on. That would be a great help. You're almost there."
Lucifer turned around and noticed Amara standing there with a full plate of food in her hands with a stern look on her face, looking back and forth between the brothers.
The anger rushed through her, and she felt an energy surge through her body. It was similar to what she thought she felt before, but this was much more intense. Emily imagined John flying across the hall, and away he went. She dropped gracefully to the floor as the fierce pressure was released. Picking up the pipe she dropped, she walked over to him. She raised the pipe to hit him in the head when her feet flew from underneath her. The demon stood over her and raised his fist to punch her again. She was able to roll out of the way just in time and hit him in the back that she was able to keep ahold of. The back and forth lasted a bit before they both could hear what sounded like gunshots ringing through the lower floor.
"I may or may not have activated tracking spell that targets a token that I gave each one of the girls in case this happened."
He felt ahead fall against his leg as Dean situated himself in front of him, resting in front of his mate, with all of his family surrounding him. It was perfect, he thought to himself. The thing that he always wanted. The room was filled with laughter, mostly from the adults, while the children looked back at them, confused at what they could possibly find so funny.
The demon took a step forward the get into her face again when Celine's hand open, and he flinched back in pain as salt flew into his face. "You'll pay for that, bitch."
"Crowley?" Mary asked, raking her brain for where she heard that name before. "He's the king of hell, right? Never thought I'd hear something like that before."
The boys started down their hallway. They slowly opened each door one by one. Making sure nothing jumped out at them from the shadows. They continued until farther down the hall, they saw light shining from underneath one of the doors. Dean crept behind the door with Sam on the other side to go in immediately when it opened. Counting under his breath, Dean quickly opened the door on the count of three, and Sam walked in shotgun at the ready. There was a moment of silence, where the demons didn't completely understand what they were seeing before going to attack.
"Right," Dean ushered them both in. "They're upstairs getting dressed. I'm making breakfast if you would like some.
Celine laughed without humor. "I'm new at this as well. I never imagined being a new mom and fighting against evil."
The three adults stood around the kitchen counter, trying to figure out what to do. They could hear Sam moving around upstairs, doing whatever it is the young children do this late at night. Cas was huddled into Dean's chest, doing his best not to break down into a crying fit.
Instead of answering, the girl turned to the angel who was beside her. Resting her hand on his shoulder, he started glowing with a bright light that forced everyone else to close their eyes. Once it had faded, Emily took her hand off of Cas' shoulder and turned toward the group of hunters, looking directly past them. She walked toward them but did not stop when she reached them. Instead, she kept going.
"But," she started, calming down once again, "demon deals give you ten years and the loss of your soul."
Mary gave them a soft smile. "We'll get out. I hear a bed calling my name as well. Call us later when you wake up." Mary gave her sons kisses on the cheeks and cooed over her granddaughter before heading out.
"I'm the righteous man," Dean said lamely, with an audible eye roll. "But I wanted to talk to you about something."
Jody gently shook her head before turning towards the woman on the couch and held her hand out. "I don't believe we've met before. I'm Jody Mills, sheriff of the town."
"No, she probably saw that I would decide to tell you and probably didn't think that I would talk myself out of it."
The man nearly jumped out of his seat. He turned in his chair and looked up the room on the computer. "5F," he squeaked to the two of them.
"Sure thing," Celine said, nodding, keeping her face open. As the sheriff walked away, the smile was wiped away. "Can you please cooperate? It's a life or death situation."
"So you're here to check us out before then, I'm guessing. If you're going to throw stuff, I would prefer you avoided out eyes. Never know with that kind of stuff."
It took a while for him to find something, having to look outside the immediate area, but that was okay with him. The farther away they went, the longer he had his house to himself. Now, if nothing cam up before sending the boys on their way, everything would be fine and dandy.
The man didn't answer immediately. He was struggling to turn toward her. Once he succeeded, his squinted eyes widened in shock and confusion.
"Okay, buddy," Dean interrupted, "why don't you finish eating. You can tell Cas all about it later."
The bailiffs came swarming around her, trying to get her settled and trying to get her out of the courtroom. Eventually, they gave up and just picked her up before taking her out of the room. It was a bit before the courtroom couldn't hear her screams couldn't be heard anymore.
The three hunters were more relaxed than they had been since the two showed up. Mary and John stood on the other side of the room confused. John stood with a suspicious look on his face while Mary looked hopeful. Anything that could prove that they were really them she would take. John, who couldn't leave well enough along asks: "how are you going to prove it?"
"Yeah, apparently they've talked to everyone involved in the murders. Now, it's just going to be the final nail on the coffin as far as she's concerned."
"Close the door, why don't you?" The chief asked as he looked Dean up and down skeptically while the alpha closed the door before sitting in one of the chairs in front of the desk. "So, what is this I'm hearing about you going to other departments and trying to get some information?"
Sam squeezed the trigger at the first demon that came to him and walked farther in the room so that Dean and Cas could also go in. Soon his shot was followed by another from Dean from a demon on the other side of the room. Cas moved swiftly, stabbing all of the demons with his angel blade before they could get up.
He walked down what felt to be an endless hallway until he saw his omega curled into the couch with a book laying on his chest, rising and falling with his deep breaths. Putting the lost bookmark in place, Dean set the book to the side before pulling Castiel into his arms, slightly waking the omega.
"Not really. It's actually really telling. It comes up from time to time when people are grasping at straws. Not like they believe anything that's in her file anyway. This tells me she's desperate to find anything she can. Don't worry about it?"
"As we told your receptionist," Dean started, "we saw a pattern and decided to see if we could help out."
A minute later, the courtroom went stark quiet as Zachariah and Naomi were escorted by bailiffs. The two were dressed to the nines in their signature still, without a care in the world. Their lawyer stood up as they walked closer to her; she greeted them with a warm smile and ushered them to their spot. They greeted her with just as warm as a smile when they sat down. Cas tried to avoid their gaze as they glanced around. From the corner of his eye, he could see them giving small waves at those who were sitting on their side of the room. Some even came up to them to say a free word before moving back.
"I'm sure it was a little bit more than that," Bobby suggested, knowing that anything John said could set Sam off, even if they were on friendly terms.
"Yes, I'm agent Allman with the FBI," Sam said while flashing to woman his badge. "This is my partner, Agent Cornell. We're here concerning the numerous bodies that have been discovered.
"The one on the ceiling, John," Mary said, interrupting the conversation before turning to Bobby. "We were hoping that you would be able to help us. I've never heard of anything being able to resurrect the dead back into their original bodies."
Mary was still scared. Who wouldn't with someone appearing out of nowhere? Her children obviously knew this... creature, for lack of a better word. She kept staring at the strange humanoid form who was wearing a tan trench coat that either screamed accountant or flasher.
Again, Morris stood up and left with barely any fanfare. This time, when bailiffs came to collect her clients, Abbadon went along with them. They walked down a concrete walkway to the cells that rested under the court. Once back in their cells waiting for the evening pick-up, Zachariah and Naomi sat in the seats provided as if nothing in the world mattered. Abbadon stood there staring until the bailiffs left and noted that the camera turned the light off before she uttered a word.
"Nah, Sammy's my brother. The other two we are looking after until their aunt comes back into town. Well... I guess we were."
John just shrugged it off and continued to eat. Cas was staring out into the distance until Dean shook his shoulder.
"Does this mean I get to see you every day now?" Sam interrupted,  crawling over Dean to get into the omega's space.
"And you were a child. No one would expect a child to deal with this. One of your students was almost brought into this as well. Would you be mad that she didn't say anything?"
"People are supposed to stay on the ground," the two said together, amusement coming through from both of them.
John continued leaning against the wall while going to the opening, slowly seeming to regain his strength. Once out, Emily led John back toward the wall she was letting guide her and continuing along the way.
Dean walked over to the lockers that were left unlocked and started to open them one by one and rolled the bodies residing inside out.
"As I said, we have something to discuss." Her smile slightly dimmed, as if she were not expecting him to question her presence there.
"Cas, they don't know what you are," Dean said. At that, Cas turned around, almost looking offended, which clarified with, "We didn't know they were really them or not."
"Pretty much," Amara said as she continued opening and closing cabinet doors. Once Dean walked in again without Sam in tow, she asked him, "Where's your honey? I can't find it."
Emily had come back out, now with a large box at hand. She handed it to Mary. "These are all the charms I made. They're in sets per person. You guys can figure it out."
Dean was going to continue to read one of his selected books when the most delicious smell entered his nose. Snapping his head up, he saw Mr. Novak sit in front of the group of people now settled in. Dean closed the book and paid attention to what was taking place in front of him.
"A disruption was felt in Heaven. None of my brothers or sisters know what happened. I must go help figure it out."
It was once again late when Dean made it home. There was no end to the case that was laid before them. Hell, they didn't even have an ID on their victim. The only thing they could tell through the horrible bruising in disfigurement was the secondary designation. Then there was a feeling in Dean's gut that this would get so much worse before it started to get better if there was a light at the end of the tunnel.
The couple got out, with Castiel quickly following behind without being told. They walked through the front door and were greeted by a receptionist.
Mary finally turned to face him with a small smile. "Admitting you're wrong is the first step, or so I heard." She took a few steps forward, toward the yard they were looking into. Looking over her shoulder, he asked him, "Are you coming? You can meet your granddaughter. Officially."
"So she might have had something against you as to how the evidence pointed toward you instead?" Abbadon asked.
Missouri backed up toward the door before opening it a sliver before walking back up to Castiel. Behind her, Nurse Barnes walked in with an odd-looking machine before situating it around the confused omega.
The girls started to stir away. Riley seemed surprised that she was being held but seemed to calm down when she saw it was her mother. Emma did nothing more than snuggled into her dad's shirt, breathing in his scent, before going back to sleep.
"Okay, guys," Emily said, "I'll get these right to the chef and be right back out with your drinks."
Mary and Dean looked through the notes they had gone through. Mary pulled a page out and said, "I found something along the lines of 'the worthless are wasting their lives away.' Then she goes on with how disgusted with them she is."
"Of course," Dean responded while moving into a crouch. "Hi, Madeline. My name's Dean. You're showing me the way to the park, I guess."
"You look nothing like them," Dean commented, looking back and forth between the man and woman in the picture. No one had Castiel's dark hair or Lucifer's blonde hair. No features were connecting either one to their children.
He quickly shook his head, not wanting to further, and simply sat down, waiting for the coffee to be made. Amara just kept on cooking, avoiding looking at the confused alpha. He watched her, hoping that she would let her guard down. She didn't.
"It makes the most sense. In the stories, the paw print was left to denote..." Benny trailed off, trying to find the right word.
"I know, that's why I was asking around. Give me a dead body, and I know what to do. I have no clue how to handle this."
"I know," Dean softly cooed, looking over to where Sam was intently reading a book and not noticing his brother had walked in. "But it has been a couple of months. Do you think he should know? He's a lot more settled than he was before."
"Sorry, Mrs. Winchester," came out of John's mouth. "John's not here right now. But I can give him a message when I'm done with you all."
"So," John started, wanted to get off the subject of getting involved with the world of supernatural beings, "do you know any creatures that can bring people back to life? Mainly us, since we were hunters when we were alive before."
Lucifer said all this nonchalantly as if it was nothing he worried about when he, in fact, was concerned about this the same as everyone else. That seemed to be on everyone's mind. Why was Michael staying low when the rest of them talked nonstop since the news was seen. What reason could he have for not talking to anyone? No one could get in touch with him either. Every time, it would go straight to voicemail until that had filled as well. They hoped Michael had a perfectly good reason for whatever he was pulling.
The two reincarnated adults walked around the city until they came upon a Goodwill. Inside, they found some decent clothes for an even better price. Mary wasn't the type to want to stay in a story for a long time (John did thank his sanity for that), but they were starting from scratch. She wanted to rip her hair out but understood what that would not let her leave faster; only actually doing something would.
"Most of the time, alphas that go through these lengths to find a mate want a... 'pure product.' I mean, also given that fact that the two of you have nearly completed your bonding, I don't see why they would come now."
"We'll make you," he said bluntly, letting his eyes slip to pitch black. "We have to keep up the advantage until one of those children shows their power."
Mary walked up to the window and said "we are on our way to Sioux Falls, South Dakota" while John was trying to drag her back away from the vehicle. Something didn't feel right to him.
Amara stood there for a bit, thinking it over. "I'm not okay with offering them immunity. That's just not going to happen."
"If you were to move in?" Lucifer finished. He turned his grin into a smirk at the surprised look his brother gave him. "Honestly, the smell of mopey omega gets annoying after a while. I know you've been thinking about it for a while. You have a pro-con list on your desk."
Behind him, he heard Ms. Braeden ask the two who they were and why they were there before he turned the corner. He leaned against the wall, trying to catch his breath and settle his racing heart to not scare the children. He slowly and calmly walked into the gym with a forced smile on his face. As soon as he was settled, he quickly pulled his phone out and quickly dialed a number.
"Okay," Amara said, not believing a word he said. "I'll text you when I get Sam. Let me know when you get out. Depending on the time, well decided if Sam's staying over."
"Everything we've found is already being put in front of the grand jury. Rumors are the Novaks will use their constitutional rights for a speedy trial, hoping we don't have as much information as we do. It's probably still going to be at least a week-long trial with everything we've been trying. Ms. Haravelle says she'll want testimony from all the FBI agents working the case and the officers here to connect the murders to this entire nonsense.
"She can see auras. It would not be hard to assume that she could see that I was had two entities inside my vessel," Cas reasoned.
"And you believe, without a shadow of a doubt, that because of the linked financials, the Novaks are wholly complicit?"
"I was just saying that just because I like Sam doesn't mean I won't hurt him if he hurts my nephew. He's a sensitive omega and needs to be protected."
A chorus of "Okay, Auntie Amara" and "Yes, Ms. Amara" came through, not as quiet as the original voice.
He found Sam and Dean collecting all of the notes they made over the last two days. The thing was just watching them do so. Mary and Celine were talking in hushed tones to one another. Based on her facial features, Celine was telling Mary something serious while Mary was nodding in agreement. Emily was hopping in and out of the room, taking things with her as she left. Once they saw him walk in, they kind of froze what they were doing and looked at him. They awkwardly continued what they were doing after a beat. He watched the conversation that was happening. He needed to know if that witch had corrupted his wife in some kind of way. He walked closer to them and noticed that they were talking about pregnancy. "Ah!" Jon thought to himself. "Of course, Mary would be interested in the baby."
Once sure he wouldn't have a patient pass out of him, the receptionist gave the two a small smile while handing Castiel a clipboard of medical paperwork. "It's alright, ma'am. Sir, I just need you to fill out this paperwork and give it back to me. Once I get it into the system, you'll be called in soon."
Dean felt his breakfast come back. He put his hand up to his face and ran out of the room. He went down the hall, pacing it back and forth, taking deep breaths, trying not to see his breakfast for the second time. Benny followed him soon after.
"Also, if you got here this morning, you would have needed to drive through the night, wouldn't you?"
Dean picked him up, knowing that Sam wouldn't go back to sleep until whoever it was stopped. "Some mean person who doesn't know the reason for Saturday mornings."
Cas took inventory of what he felt. His heart was pounding, but he couldn't really describe what he was feeling. He sat on the couch and continued to stare at the television screen, which had turned into a fast-food commercial.
"So...," Celine slowly started to say. "Emily told me a little bit about it. You guys are hunters? Who hunt monsters? And other things that go bump in the night?"
The two handed over their IDs and watched as she scrutinized them while tapping into the computer every so often before handing them back.
Cas glared back at him and quickly disappeared. Dean rushed out of the room, suddenly remembering who exactly was here. Grasping at the railing as he ran downstairs, he heard the normal hustle and bustle that went along with a kitchen. Walking into the kitchen, he saw Bobby standing over a large pot of food and Cas sitting at the table waiting for food to be served.
Before Castiel could continue, Lucifer opened his mouth to respond. Before he could utter a sound, a buzzer-like sound was emitted from Amara that ended only when he closed his mouth. Turning to look at her with a glare, she continued.
Celine walked purposefully ahead while Emily dragged behind. Opening the door, she waited until everyone was in sight before she continued. The hall led into a living room where four people were in different areas of the room. The men she recognized as Sam and Dean were pacing with worry stabbing them in the heart. Mary and Cas were sitting, handling their fear much better, but it was present. The next thing she noticed was a small baby in Cas's arms and noticed that she looked exactly like her father who was giving her a soft look and smile as she slept.
"They're not my parents," Cas answered loud enough for everyone to hear with a small smile. They could tell it still hurt, but it was a starting point."
Cas looked around, noticing the gazes he was getting from the rest of the waiting room. "Amara," he whispered, "can you calm down? You're making a scene."
"I found a bee mobile for the crib," Michael said, pulling a box from behind where he was sitting on the floor.
"Either way, I'll be here to torture him for as long as he lives," Amara ended with a cruel smile covering her face.
"Now that the two of you calmed down," Mary stated, "how about we talk about this instead of yelling. Sam, you start. Why do you not want to follow her?"
Sam could just imagine what the last two arcs were about. And it also seemed like Becky was still obsessed with him. He mentally groaned. At this point, their orders had been called. Sam had never been so happy to remember to give a fake name. That would have been awkward.
"Why are you four still in my house?" Bobby called from the kitchen opening, causing everyone to jump.
"Children?" he asked, confused for a second before settling on the three children, more confused than anything else, around the table.
"Once I figure out what's going on, I'll be nice, if it's something I want to be a part of. That's the best I can give you."
"Can we eat the cake now?" Christie asked, not once letting her eyes leave the cake the was decorated in front of her.
"Yes," Cas lied with a small smile. "It's just been a really long day. I'm ready for bed, do you think?"
"Not at all, but what am I supposed to do. I mean, I do know where you work, where you live, where you go grocery shopping... It's not like you'll be able to avoid me. I'll always be around."
"I'm Dorothy Baum with Pup Protective Services. I was notified that you had two children in your custody. Have you questioned them at all?"
While Mary was happy that the two men in front of them were nice, John had his suspicions. First, there was a slight smirk they gave each other at the mention of his and his wife's name. Certainly, their names were well known in the hunter circuit, but there was no way Mister Humpty Dumpty and Mister Skin-and-Bones would survive a real hunt. Maybe against Casper, but no real restless spirit.
"I didn't see anything about a 'Chuck,'" Dorothy stated. "I'm fairly certain that I would have gotten information on him."
"Told you to be careful," Dean gently said, almost exhausted. "She's been trying to put everything she can in her mouth. Everything."
"Not really," he answered. "I was raised Christain and am still fairly active with the church. To be honest, I have no clue about half of what she says." At that, Celine just chuckled at him.
"It's no problem," Dean said, coming up to stand next to the omega, shrugging. "You did warn me. I was prepared for death threats."
"Not necessarily," Charlie mentioned. "The story would have needed to get passed on somehow. And sometimes, you don't need to kill someone to taken over. Sometimes, you just need to replace the ideas with your own. I mean... that's what happened in this country."
“Hi, Sam.” Lisa greets Sam as he approaches the desk. From here, he can also see a young blonde woman in the back who Sam doesn’t recognize. Probably someone Dean knew while Sam was off at college.
Chuck sighs. “Okay, I see we aren’t going to get anywhere this way.” He thinks for a moment, then smiles widely as he seems to come up with something. “Let’s try something else.”
“Sam,” The vulnerability and emotion is gone from Cas’s face and voice. He is once again closed off, though his facade is not as tight as last time. Sam can tell he’s having trouble holding it all in. “Dean will not remember any of what has happened thus far. We’ve been interacting with a very deep level of Dean’s psyche that he’s not conscious of. But he’ll remember when we talk to him now.”
He splashes through the water, bringing his legs awkwardly high as he does so, and scrambles to grab something.
“Dean has trusted me to protect this heart, to protect him.” Psyche-Castiel’s voice rings with finality and power, anger and righteous fury. But Sam’s not going to give up.
“Sam? Cas?” Psyche-Dean says hopefully as he looks at them. He then stands up from his desk and runs over to them, first capturing Sam in a hug and then Cas. “Are you guys okay?”
This child is clearly the guardian of this heart, the version of himself Dean feels the most love for. And it’s the Dean that was Sam’s older brother, but before the fire. Dean before John was ever disappointed in him. Dean when he didn’t know about monsters.
There are a million reasons not to tell Cas right now. There are always a million reasons not to tell Cas at any given time. Dean’s always thought they were good reasons.
"So this is where Dean keeps the piece of his heart set aside for familial love?" Sam asks Cas, but it isn't really a question. And as such Cas doesn't provide an answer.
Before he can talk himself out of it, Dean closes the distance between them and takes Cas’s face in his hands. The moment their lips meet—
“Cas,” Sam interrupts, and Cas pulls his eyes away from Jimmy and to Sam, “that’s not actually Jimmy.”
“Sam,” Sam looks up at Cas, and Cas looks like he hates that he’s interrupting but he has no choice. “We don’t have much time.” Sam nods. Michael is still raging outside.
Before Sam approaches he notices that this office looks smaller than the others. He can’t see the whole thing, but he can tell. And it makes sense, Dean’s certainly had a lot fewer romantic interests than friends or strangers he’s saved or even people he considers family.
Then there are the sounds of sputtering, struggling; Michael must be holding Psyche-Dean up by his neck. “I can sense Castiel nearby. Which means he’s here and the heart is still here. So give them to me.”
Dean’s eyes stay on Castiel as Chuck turns to address Jack, “Oops, forgot there was a minor here. That wasn’t exactly appropriate for this audience, was it?” He looks back at Cas briefly, perhaps evaluating his work, and smiles, before he returns to Dean. “I’ve had my fun. Back to the matter at hand.” Dean feels the beginnings of time halting, but it’s barely slowed down before it skips right back to its normal pace. Chuck’s face flashes with confusion and concern. Again, Dean feels time starting to slow, only for it to bounce right back to its normal pace.
“I wish I could tell you that you don’t have to do this.” Castiel says sympathetically. “But unfortunately, we need you.” Dean snorts. “If it’s any reassurance, you’ve taken her on once before. And this time, Sam and Jack and I will be with you. You don’t have to do it alone.” It is reassuring. Last time, he turned himself into a soul bomb and had to trek to Amara, completely alone and expecting to die. This time, he’ll have his family with him. And there’s only about a ninety-five percent chance that he’s going to die. “And,” Castiel adds, “I didn’t sense any ill-intent from Naughty Edith.” Dean huffs a small laugh and meets eyes with Cas, who returns a lopsided smile. It fills Dean with warmth: a warmth he feels often with Castiel. He knows what it is but he’s always been too scared to put a name to it.
Sam thought this would be less trippy than being face to face with himself, but this is actually way worse. At least the two Sam’s had been wearing different outfits. These two Castiel’s look exactly the same and Sam can see them both at once.
“Dean, I gave up everything for you, and I would choose that every single time. Falling for you is the best decision I’ve ever made. So please, I know you can’t, but I need you to do this for me.”
Sam walks forward, and once he can see past the flowers on the reception desk, he sees that the receptionist is Lisa.
He also notices that Jimmy looks younger than Cas. Sam hadn't noticed it, but Cas has aged. Or his vessel has anyway. Sam's pretty sure angelic vessels aren't supposed to age, and he files that away to ask Cas about later.
“Now,” Psyche-Cas gets back to the topic at hand. “I’m assuming you wouldn’t be here for this heart unless it was for something very important so…” He holds out the shard again, and Cas takes it in his hand.
“Don’t you need to wash those at some point?” Sam teases as he walks into the kitchen, seeing Dean sitting at the table in said pajamas. Before Dean gets a chance to respond, Sam asks, “Did you make pancakes?”
Castiel answers, though his voice sounds weak and rougher than usual, “He oversaturated my… what you can think of as my true form’s pain receptors.”
“Cas, you’re the best friend Dean’s ever had. I’m his brother and he loves me like crazy and we’re friends but it’s different than what you two have.”
“What did I tell you!?” Dean yells triumphantly as he rounds the bed and sits next to Cas. “I knew you’d love it.” For a moment he simply stares at Cas, but he quickly becomes overwhelmed and learns forward to envelop him in a full, but gentle, hug. “I’m so glad you’re okay. I don’t know what I would have done if…” If he died again. Dean pulls back, but keeps his hands on Cas’s shoulders. “Cas, what did Chuck mean when he said you can’t die yet?”
“I wanna go deeper, man!” Dean calls back. “Maybe I’ll get something better; I could find Bobby’s entire house.” Sam doesn’t even rolls his eyes, he just looks on with concern.
When Dean sees Cas with a black cat wrapped around his head, he’s hit with the strongest sense of déjà vu.
“Everyone okay?” Dean asks as he gets himself a bowl and milk so he can also eat some of Jack’s sugary excuse for breakfast. No one answers for a little while as Dean gets his breakfast set up and sits down next to Cas to eat.
Once inside, Sam’s able to catch his breath and he calms down a bit. He knows they aren’t safe, but it feels safer than sprinting through the mist, nothing in sight in any direction.
“Oh, nothing.” Chuck answers. “You guys are my favorite show. I’m just trying to get a better grasp of what happened by rewinding and rewatching.”
Sam searches for words, as does Cas, and then Sam settles on all he can think of. “Because Dean always gives this piece of his heart. He gives it to strangers all the time, because he cares, even when it hurts. He would want you to give it to us.” Psyche-Jimmy doesn’t even think it over, he just walks away, leaving the two standing there.
Dean nods, “Okay.” He tells him gently. “I’ll wait.” But because he’s selfish, he leans in to give Cas one last, barely-there touch of lips, before he pulls back and releases Castiel. “Let’s go save the world.”
“Huh.” It doesn’t seem like important information, but it does help Sam more solidly grasp the idea that these people are just projections and not the real people. These people don’t exist outside of Dean’s idea of them.
“Jack wanted to play with her.” He considers for a moment before adding on, “And I didn’t want to risk getting cat hair in your room, given your allergy.”
“Yeah no kidding.” Sam smiles at that. He looks at Cas’s face, and can tell he’s thinking hard about something. “What?”
Sam’s heart breaks a little bit. He’s only just started getting use to the new Charlie from the other universe. And this Charlie still isn’t their Charlie, but it’s as close as they can get working off of Dean’s memory of her.
“Dean’s my best friend too.” And Sam already knew that, but maybe it’s the sincerity or innocence of how Cas says it, or maybe that Cas is a powerful ancient angel, but it makes Sam smile and feel like he’s stumbled upon something profound.
“I’ll leave you two be to summon and talk to Dean. You’ll all still be safe in here from Michael and he still won’t be able to hear or see you.” And with that, Psyche-Castiel disappears with the sound of wingbeats.
When he gets them off and puts his bare toes in the sand, it’s cold and hard and a little bit wet even this far up the beach.
“Look,” Sam tells Psyche-Jimmy as he holds up his two heart shards. “We’ve already been given the family, friend, and object ones. You can trust us.”
“…Maybe his sub-conscience is more reluctant to show us certain things. He’s always been closed off about himself, about romance.” Cas squints in confusion.
“What?” Sam asks. Now snapping back into action after the revelation about his brother. “He’s literally you.”
Before he can talk himself out of it, Dean closes the distance between them and takes Cas’s face in his hands. The moment their lips meet—
With a determined nod, Psyche-Dean tells him, “I won’t let the bad man hurt you.” He puts down the pie and crawls under his desk, which is much too big for him. He lifts a little piece of the carpet to reveal a trap door, which he opens to reveal a fireman’s pole leading down into mist. He smiles excitedly up at Sam and Cas. “It’s a secret passageway!” The cheer in his voice is so filled with childlike wonder, and Sam immediately recognizes the same tone that’s even still present in Dean’s voice occasionally, like when he told Sam the memory foam mattress remembers him, or when he got to fight the Hatchet Man.
Dean wants to tell Cas that it isn’t his fault; Dean’s the one who kissed him after all. But he wants to steer clear of that topic, at least so soon with Sam and Jack there.
“He looked at Cas’s memories but didn’t even try with you.” Sam reasons. “He kept rewinding time instead.” Sam shrugs, “Seems like a lot of effort if he could just look at your memories.” Dean thinks about this for a second and then realizes Sam has a point. “And,” Sam continues, once he sees that Dean concedes that point, “we know that Chuck can be lured out.”
Dean watches as Sam reaches into the ocean, scrambling for a bit to get a grip on something that seems to be tumbling in the waves.
In an attempt to keep his mind off of the thick silence that’s threatening to suffocate him, Dean turns up the volume on the stereo and hums ironically to “Whole Lotta Love” by Led Zeppelin. Eight more hours until they hit Little Rock.
Cas visibly softens. “Our union is just so new, Dean. I didn’t want to alarm you or make you uncomfortable. And if they
At that, Dean’s grip tightens without warning, and Cas whimpers, his hips bucking up on their own accord. Dean bends his neck to look down between their bodies and fails to stop a blush that blooms when he sees his husband’s fully erect and dripping cock begging for attention. And as much as he doesn’t want to put a stop to the task literally at hand, the need to feel his angel inside of him—with his wings on grand display—is on the verge of taking the lead. He leans his head forward to rest his face on Cas’ bare shoulder, trying to catch his breath, unsure of where it went considering he’s the one dishing it out. His hands, although still buried in the downy feathers, pause their ministrations. He can feel Cas swallow deep and dry.
Without hesitation, Dean does as he’s instructed and twines his bow legs around the angel’s waist, hooking his ankles at the small of his back, causing Cas’ groin to go flush with his backside. The heat and the fullness demand his attention, but then the light brush of feathers against his calves causes his body to quake unexpectedly.
He reaches inside and takes out a glass-like shard. It’s translucent, and has a pinkish-reddish color to it, but also glows faintly. It has an aura to it that Sam can’t describe, and that’s part of how he knows this is what they were looking for.
No, that’s what he thinks at first but something’s a little bit different. It’s not Cas’s face. But he is looking at Cas.
“We should discuss this later. After we talk with Dean.” Sam knows Cas is trying to avoid the subject, but he’s also right.
“Dean, it’s okay for you to be selfish sometimes.” Cas is so sincere, and the affection in his eyes is almost overwhelming. Dean wants to be selfish. And since he’s always been better with actions than words, Dean acts on that selfishness.
need you to.” He leans forward and takes Psyche-Castiel’s hands in his own on the desk. And yeah, it looks like Cas’s body, but Sam can feel Dean in there. Some deep down part of Dean looking at Cas, anchored by their eyes locking and their hands touching.
Dean’s in his room getting ready to go find Amara when there’s a knock at the door. Just from the knock, Dean can tell that it’s Cas.
Finally, Cas settles on whispering, “I’m not ready.” Dean thinks he should feel rejected. But it’s not a rejection. The way Cas kissed him back, the way he continues looking at Dean like he’s everything, the want Dean sees in his eyes: none of that is rejection. Dean’s spent years not being ready. While Dean wondered why he was so scared, it doesn’t change the fact that he was. So Dean understands not being ready. Not being ready to hear Dean say he loves him isn’t rejection. Dean wasn’t ready, but he still loved Castiel through it all. He loved him more than Dean can put words to.
He’s so small. He’s so incredibly small and Dad put all that responsibility on him. He was this small when he was put in charge of Sam’s safety, when Dad taught him how to load a shotgun with rock salt and a pistol with silver bullets. When he uprooted him from his life to travel across the country, killing and drinking and forgetting the possibility of a normal life.
“Uh, we’re looking for a piece of Dean’s heart.” Jack nods and reaches for a phone next to him, he begins dialing but continues talking to Sam as he does so.
“Perv? This is totally PG.” Chuck argues. “This is one of the mildest things I’ve watched you do.” Dean rolls his eyes, grossed out by the implication that Chuck has been a more intense voyeur, but too fed up at this point to react more strongly.
“Oh… You” the ghost facer says upon seeing Sam. He doesn’t seem to recognize Cas. “What do you want now?” He asks Sam.
Sam rolls his eyes. When Cas said they’d be going into Dean’s mind to talk to him Sam imagined something a bit more fantastical. He didn’t expect it would be running errands between different office buildings.
It’s strange, Sam realizes after running probably half a mile. Maybe it’s because they only need one more piece of Dean’s heart, but he can actually feel Dean’s conflict in the mist. He can feel that Dean doesn’t want to show them the last location, but also that he’s desperate to protect them from Michael.
“It just is!” Castiel yells at him. He then turns away from Sam, and sighs in frustration. Sam allows Cas to stew and think in silence.
“It might help.” Chuck defends, before time again halts, reverses, and restarts with Dean in his pajamas eating crepes.
He’s not disappointed, per se. He’d obviously choose this mundanity over danger, and it’s odd enough seeing himself and others who are long dead. But still.
He can’t even feel hatred towards his father right now because all he can feel is his heart breaking for Dean.
Psyche-Jimmy doesn’t look at Sam; he’s focused on Castiel. And he doesn’t return Cas’s pleasantries. Only now does Sam look at Cas instead of at Psyche-Jimmy, and he wishes he didn’t.
He explains, “Because you know, it’s my mind out there, which is scary enough.” The side of his mouth twitches up a bit in amusement, but quickly settles back to being more serious. “But Michael’s also on the loose.” Sam really hopes he didn’t come through here like he did with the other locations. Dean, even a fake projection of Dean, shouldn’t have to deal with that.
“Dean doesn’t love himself very much.” Cas practically rolls his eyes at that, but continues on to explain more in depth. “This piece is the love Dean feels for himself. And, well that Dean’s right.” Cas nods his head toward the demon version of Dean, who winks at them. “Dean hasn’t let himself use this piece of his heart. He won’t trust us with it; he doesn’t trust anyone with it… with loving him because he doesn’t think he deserves it.” Cas looks sadly at the many Deans in the room, then turns back to Sam. “He guards this piece of his heart ferociously.”
While the mixtape and the samulet might be meaningful, misplaced objects aren’t what Dean was hoping to find here. But he walks into the water anyway.
“It’s the best shot we’ve got.” Cas admits, and they start walking through the darkness. But eventually Sam notices a fog has started settling over them.
“No, it’s impossible. Dean has to decide to-“ A sound comes from the door and immediately Psyche-Dean pushes them to the side. From there, the Dean with Sam’s necklace grabs Sam and Cas and motions for them to stay quiet, then quickly grabs both of them and throws them to crouch behind a desk clump so they can’t be seen from the main door.
“That’s great.” Dean says, meaning it. But he can’t stop staring at the cat. “But uh, what’s up with the cat?”
“I made a deal.” And yeah, Sam’s heard that a lot in his life, sometimes from his own mouth, and it’s never good.
Cas bashfully looks away and fiddles with the material between his hands, “You might be right about the healing properties.”
When Dean sees Cas with a black cat wrapped around his head, he’s hit with the strongest sense of déjà vu. He swears he knows this image. He’s seen this before: black cat perched on Cas’s head, one paw on his nose and another digging into his cheek. Cas, standing there like it’s nothing, looking way more adorable than a grown man has any right to.
He refocuses on the Psyche-Dean in front of him, which thankfully seems like a projection of their current Dean.
Mrs. Butters may be gone, but Dean still has the memories, and perhaps more importantly, the pajamas.
Cas looks totally unfazed by the whole thing, but when he sees Dean, an amused smile breaks out on his face and he looks Dean up and down (careful to move only his eyes and not his head, lest he upset the cat), as though Dean is the weird-looking one in this situation!
There Cas sits, comfortably swimming in the pajamas. He’s even put on the cap, surely more to humor Dean than for his own benefit.
At the reception desk sits… Sam doesn’t remember his name. It’s one of the ghost facers. The one with the curly wild hair.
“I’ll keep is safe. I promise.” Sam tells him. And then Psyche-Dean reaches a little hand directly into the pie, and digs out an apple-goo covered heart shard. Which he hands to Sam delicately.
“You’re kidding, right?” Sam asks Cas. No way did Cas actually not know he was Dean’s best friend. Cas doesn’t respond. “You seriously didn’t know?” And now that Sam sees how serious Cas is and thinks about it, it makes him sad. How could Cas not know?
“Okay.” And then the shard falls from Psyche-Cas’s sleeve into his hand and he holds it out to Castiel.
When Cas turns back toward Sam, gone is the stony, blank face. Cas looks overwhelmed with emotion, too many for Sam to read. But he can tell how much Cas feels.
“Stop!” Jack screams. A pulse of power accompanies the scream, enough to get Chuck’s attention. He releases Castiel, causing the high pitched noise to stop and the white light to stream back into Cas’s eyes and mouth. He gasps, only for that gasp to be interrupted as he violently coughs blood.
But the juxtaposition here is too strong to keep denying. What he felt toward Amara was intense and toxic and dark. Dean didn’t have a choice in the matter and he was powerless and terrified. He’s scared of this, too, but there’s no terror, and the fear is for different reasons. This isn’t toxic or dark. Cas fills Dean with light, he makes Dean want to be better. Dean has a choice and he’s always chosen Castiel. He’d told Sam that what he felt toward Amara wasn’t love. And he was right, it wasn’t love. But this warmth Dean feels for and from Cas is.
“He did seem to ease us into it. It would have been very confusing to start with the objects heart.”
He isn’t angry anymore. He doesn’t care that Cas didn’t tell him about the snake, he doesn’t care about being stubborn, and he doesn’t care about anger; all he cares about is fixing things with Cas.
“Are you just gonna keep rewinding time and rewatching this morning until you figure it out?” Sam asks, distressed.
How on Earth are they supposed to communicate with objects to get the heart? Sam doesn’t know, but Cas strides forward toward the reception desk like he doesn’t see a problem.
“I fell from grace for you, and I gave up everything for you. And it hurt, Dean. But it was worth it. It was worth it because… because I love you. Because I’m in love with you.” Sam’s sure he’s tomato red and also shocked all over again. Jesus, Cas is in love with Dean too? These two idiots are in love with each other and… okay it’s a little bit weird since they’re both family to Sam and he didn’t know any of this an hour ago. But holy crap they’re in love with each other. They could be happy together. If they can get past all this Michael crap they could actually be happy.
“Because I’m a protective brother.” A familiar voice answers from the door. Dean and the others turn just in time to see Chuck stretch out his hand and send them all flying into the walls. “Can’t have you killing my sister, now.” He smirks between Sam and Dean, “Surely you two should understand that.” He sounds chipper and it pisses Dean off.
Psyche-Sam holds out the shard to Sam, but before handing it over tells him seriously, “I know I don’t have to tell you this, but keep it safe.” Sam nods and takes the shard.
Sam can’t see all of them, but his eyes immediately latch onto Mary, and Bobby, and Ellen, Charlie, and Cas (another Cas, not the real-Cas standing next to him, and wow is that going to be confusing) and many others milling about in the office space.
“Why do you care so much?” Cas asks from where he’s still pinned to the chair. Chuck turns to find Cas glaring at him.
“No you aren’t, you’re just trapped in your own head.” Dean shrugs like it’s no big deal. “Just let us help you!”
He tries to avoid accidentally brushing against Cas for the remainder of their walk down the narrow path to the beach.
“We can’t just stand here. Maybe if we start looking we’ll get lucky, or maybe Dean wants us to find them and he’ll lead us to them.”
“Cas,” Dean says, startled by the confidence in his own voice. He walks across the room until he’s standing a few feet away from him, “can I tell you something?”
Something changes around them. Dean can’t exactly describe it, but the whole world comes to a halt. His own thoughts slow down and then stand still. And then it’s speeding back up, but time moves in the wrong direction. Everything reverses. Chuck speaks backwards, he touches his hand to Cas’s forehead and pins him back against the wall. Everything continues speeding up and Dean feels himself walking backwards to the Impala, driving backwards back to the bunker, kissing Cas and changing back into his nightgown then walking backwards out to the map room and watching the cat on Cas’s head then walking backwards back to the kitchen and regurgitating crepes and sugar.
Cas leans over to reassure Sam, “The door’s lock is just another manifestation of more abstract safeguards preventing his entering. Michael cannot get through unless Dean unlocks the door. It’s similar with the blinds.” Cas points at them. “Michael can’t hear or see anything that’s happening in here. He can sense my presence, but outside of that he won’t know anything.”
“Michael won’t destroy the world. You’ll find another way that doesn’t require me giving you this piece of Dean’s heart. It’ll destroy him.”
“It could be Michael… It could also be Dean reaching out to us.” He adds on more hopefully. Any development is a good development.
Sam had of course noticed that Cas stood a bit straighter than most people, but until now, seeing them both at once, Sam hadn’t really realized how striking the difference is.
The last thing Dean remembers feeling is a snapping sensation as the world rights itself and time returns to the correct direction.
“For now, let’s just recharge and get better.” He claps Cas on the shoulder as he says the second part. Dean then uses his other hand to push away his now-empty cereal bowl and turns to address Cas directly. “Can you walk?”
“I’m sorry, Dean. You’re braver and stronger than all of us.” Sam gives him a last hug and then swings himself down the pole as Dean waves to him from above and then closes the trap door.
In front of them is a thin hallway, at the end is a reception desk, and the hallway opens up to a large office space. There are printers and office plants and chairs and desks and computers.
He doesn’t seem as affected by the cold water as Sam had been, and the big dopey smile doesn’t leave his face even as the waves crash against him and get seaweed tangled up around his legs.
Regardless, Jimmy and Cas have the same body, almost the same outfit, but Sam would never mistake them for each other for more than a few seconds.
But then Psyche-Cas quickly straightens back up and continues. “Lest we forget all of the other issues.”
“I know you believe in the healing power of hugs,” Cas says, referencing Dean’s description of the pajamas, “but I doubt they’ll work for my injuries.” But even as he says so, he sheds the blanket draped over him and also works his arms out of his trench coat sleeves. Dean pretends to be busy hanging up Cas’s trench coat and suit jacket so as to give Cas a bit of privacy as he divests himself of his button-up. When Dean does eventually turn back to look at Cas, he knows he wouldn’t have been able to fight his smile if he tried.
Mrs. Butters may be gone, but Dean still has the memories, and perhaps more importantly, the pajamas.
“I’m fine! I’m not even waist deep, it’s not like I’m gonna drown or anything. I just want to see if the magic water will give me something more for my trouble.”
“Right.” She says as she dials on her phone. “So I’m guessing you already got the whole spiel on the bosses around here?”
“I’d like to go.” Jack says with a smile, completely oblivious to the teasing he just helped Dean avoid.
It’s difficult for Dean walking through the sand in his boots, but Cas walks slower than he has to, keeping pace with Dean.
A noise from elsewhere in the room draws both Dean’s and Chuck’s attention, and they both turn to see Jack stepping off the wall he’d previously been pinned to, eyes glowing yellow and staring at Chuck.
give this piece of his heart. Michael came by asking for it earlier. It’s technically a different Michael from the one who started our apocalypse and ruined my life, but” he shrugs, “all Michael’s are dicks.”
Dean’s throat tightened but somehow he had managed to speak, all of his classic cockiness gone out the door and into the night. “A-and after that?”
It wasn’t something Cas was supposed to ever be able to feel. But he had found it in Dean and because of Dean. So out of all the places he could pick for the ceremony, Dean went with what made him happy. The roadhouse.
Dean does. He lets go of the tight coil and gives himself over to feeling, to Cas and the realization that he is most certainly safe and loved. Cas’ eyes light up and Dean wants to tell him the same, but his lips and tongue and teeth refuse so he settles for touch. He pants and strokes Cas’ wings and the sides of his torso with long, languid movements. The soothing ministrations contradict the now sporadic thrusts of the angel’s hips until everything stills and Cas empties into Dean.
Before he can so much as finish his rant of potential insanity, Dean’s boot-clad feet stop their forward shuffle when his eyes catch sight of something far too ethereal, even for heaven. It’s as if the vision that’s piercing his irises is too much for his body to do anything but stand still and simply
Before he can tell Sam to grab just one, figuring he can further avoid his impending confrontation with a certain angel if Sam is in the room, his little brother is out of the car and heading toward the main entrance of the beaten-down motel.
Slender fingers come up to cup the side of his face. Dean leans into it subconsciously and lets the hand guide him so that he’s directly in Cas’ line of sight. Their eyes meet.
“Sam, uh, would it be cool if I talked to Cas alone?” Dean says, without looking at his brother, guilty eyes directed at Cas.
Sam covered for him. Dean releases a sigh before he can think better of it and freezes at the sound of footsteps growing closer to where he’s hiding out. Before he can get caught, he puffs up his chest, rounds the corner, and steps into the kitchen.
“Yes, I’m saddened that you missed dinner but you weren’t feeling well. There’s no need for you to apologize any further.”
When he finally allows his eyes to squint open, his heart stutters. Not because of the love and adoration he finds etched across the other man’s face, but due to the hope that seems to be emanating from Cas’ entire being. A quiet smile nudges the corners of his mouth, and Dean’s almost certain that a similar hope has to be plastered across his face now as well. Before his brain can resume its path of overanalyzing, he squeezes the hands that rest in his and whispers, “Can I kiss you?”
Before his brother can protest, he twists the doorknob and bolts toward his room, navigating the hallways and corners with swift ease. Once inside, door locked, Dean flops on the memory foam mattress and throws a heavy punch into one of the pillows. He’s trying so hard not to all-out sob that his teeth are grinding together causing a sharp pain to emanate through his jaw. But this is what he wants, he wants pain and anger over sadness and heartache. He’d rather abuse himself than truly feel what’s gnawing at his insides. He’s used to this. He’s built for this. He can handle this. The alternative, however, facing what his heart is yearning for at its core? Dean’s been on the run from those desires forever. Always one step ahead, always hyper-aware of the next landmine lurking beneath his feet.
Dean loves Christmas, but he and Sam haven’t celebrated properly in years. He thinks it’s safe to assume that his baby brother isn’t behind this, but that leaves none other than—
Dean thinks Cas is just going to wait for him to elaborate but the angel’s thick, gruff voice slices through the heady air, and one of his eyebrows lift in tandem. “Tell me, Dean.”
With that itch scratched, Dean does as previously instructed and maneuvers backward, his back coming in contact with the still-warm material of his flannel. The dewy grass beneath his body supplies more support than anticipated and he wiggles into it appreciatively. Cas smiles down at him. “Beautiful,” he comments, leaving no room for debate.
Before Dean can speak any of his hopes into the cooling air, he finds himself gobsmacked once again by the sight in front of and surrounding him. Cas is aglow, as is the star-filled sky above and the darkening space around them, now littered with lightning bugs equally entranced by the angel’s being. Although he knows this is Heaven, actual Heaven, Dean wonders if this moment is even
“Yes. I’ve read that Christmas dinner is a tradition for many families. But while turkey or a ham seem common, I made meatloaf. It’s Grandma Beth’s recipe.” Cas says matter-of-factly.
“Jeez, Cas. I almost regret having those two cheeseburgers for lunch. You outdid yourself, man,” he says. “I gotta ask though, what’s the occasion—aside from the fact that today’s Christmas?”
He feels exposed, on display, but not in an uncomfortable, twitchy way. No, he feels like a damn buffet about to be devoured. “Come on, Cas.”
“Wait, take a piece of the pie with you,” the angel says as he spins toward the counter in search of a knife and the whipped cream.
As if Dean’s visions are playing on a projection screen across his forehead, Cas’ eyes flash blue, his newly resurrected grace making itself known. Dean’s arousal only spikes further. “You have my permission. You always do, my beloved.”
Dean’s mouth opens only to close shortly after. Cas is wearing a Santa Claus-inspired apron and there’s a bow nestled amidst his thick dark strands of hair.
Dean shuffles awkwardly from side to side as he waits for Cas to dish a slice up. He can feel Sam’s eyes on him as he refuses to look up. But when Sam releases a terribly fake cough, he forces his gaze to meet his brother’s.
Dean’s chest clenches at that, so he masks it with an ill-timed joke. “An angel encouraging gluttony?” He scoffs, pretending to be appalled.
Fortunately, cold beer and a hardy meal awaited him at the reception—along with an obnoxious amount of catcalls and glass clinking requesting for the newlyweds to suck face. Not that Dean complained, but he was fairly certain his chosen family was simply doing it to see him turn an almost scarlet shade of red every damn time.
Dean advances with heightened senses, fearful he’ll disrupt the mystical balance with one wrong step. Once he gets within a few feet of Castiel, he pauses, not wanting to cross over any heavenly boundaries.
“I know you were experiencing some sort of stomach disturbance, but it seems to me you need food. So what will it be, dinner or pie?”
Dean isn’t one to beg—not outwardly at least. But these are absurdly special circumstances and he’s fairly certain he’s in process of discovering a damn kink if his body’s very sudden reaction is anything to go by. His mind flashes in quick succession with images of his hands buried in the thick layers of black feathers, stroking and tugging and yanking and soothing, while Cas pants out his otherworldly pleasure.
Wanting to get the show on the road, Dean’s hands move to the top of his jeans. But that’s as far as he gets. Cas shifts into the v of his denim-clad legs, clutches both of his wrists, and pins them above his head in the grass. “Keep those there, please.”
Dean wants to reach for Cas, to dig his nails into the flesh of the angel’s sides but he continues to obey and resorts to digging half-moons into his own wrists. His breath grows more and more ragged as Cas resumes his disrobing efforts. Layer by layer, every inch of skin is revealed through gentle and arguably hyper-attentive actions. The process is slow, too damn slow if you ask Dean’s aching need to get the show on the road, but it’s also so far from unenjoyable. The exact opposite really.
The angel’s eyes flash an icy blue hue while the humid and charged air between them only seems to thicken. Castiel reaches forward, pinching the top button of Dean’s flannel in his fingers. Dean breathes heavily as he watches Castiel’s thin digits undo the shirt he’s wearing with precision. After the final, bottom button is free, Dean shrugs out of the flannel and tries to toss the item of clothing away only for Cas to intercept. Without a word, he shakes out the somewhat rumpled shirt and shifts to spread it on the grass directly behind Dean. “Lay back, Dean.”
As they near the garden, the fragrance of flowering plants and ripening fruit worms its way into Dean’s nostrils. He inhales and tries to decipher the myriad of scents. Just as he’s on the brink of declaring one of the smells as lavender, a quiet but persistent buzz fills his ears. A bee. His instincts tell him to swat the damn thing but Cas’ voice echoes in his head: “Bees are magnificent creatures, Dean. Don’t harm it and it won’t harm you.”
It was the night of their wedding when they stumbled upon the dynamic. Dean was not only overjoyed but also unable to settle down as they returned home following the festivities. And as his massive buzz wore off little by little, the reality that he had married Castiel—a man AND an angel—in heaven, before his parents and closest hunting buddies hit him like a mac truck going 80 on a wide-open Kansas highway. Dean had zero regrets for putting a ring on it, however, it was the decades of unresolved trauma threatening to cause a dormant volcano buried in his gut to explode that sent him into the start of a tailspin. Fortunately, Cas was quicker than the impending freefall.
“Yeah I don’t think it would have given you your soul.” Dean agrees, then adds on, “Your soul wasn’t really lost. It was gone; there’s a difference.”
A massive smile comes to his face as he hears the Impala get closer, and then come to a fast stop just in front of them. It revs twice more before idling.
“Do you think the ocean would return my lost soul if I didn’t already have it back?” He asks as he watches some seagulls riding the wind overhead.
Cas switches between looking at Sam and looking forward a few times before answering. “It wasn’t obvious to me… That Dean considered me his best friend.” Sam briefly stops in his tracks, but remembers that they have to keep moving to reach the next place and continues walking alongside Cas.
“Alright.” Sam’s not happy about not knowing what they’re walking into. But it’s not going to stop him. “Let’s start looking.”
“I think you’re right.” Cas tells Sam after a bout of silence. “I think Dean’s saving the more difficult ones for last.”
Dean’s yelling something, he isn’t sure what. But it doesn’t stop Chuck. The light continues streaming and the noise continues growing in pitch and volume. Horrifyingly, Dean realizes it sounds like Cas’s true voice, screaming.
“Something that’s lost… it’s…” Dean struggles for words, “you just don’t know where it is. Something that’s gone is…
He hisses a bit at the chill when the remnants of a wave meet his feet, not even covering his ankles, before receding.
“You shouldn’t have doubted in the first place. And you shouldn’t ever doubt that again.” Cas mulls this over for a long moment, and just when Sam thinks Cas isn’t going to say anything he speaks.
“Later.” Sam actually is interested, but they’re here on a mission. With that, Sam approaches the reception desk, Cas just a step behind him.
Time and space suddenly lurch under Dean. In a single instant, a million things happen. Cas kisses back, he says he isn’t ready, they drive several hours with Sam and Jack, they investigate a few blocks, Naughty Edith gets her head scratches and leaves, they find a body, and then Chuck has then pinned against the wall, all within an instant.
“Well, the demon Dean is right. We’re not going to convince him to love himself in such a short period of time.”
He lands in the mist nearby Cas, and the two take off running, hoping Michael won’t be able to follow them. Hopefully Dean will protect them in the mist.
Cas shakes his head, “No, this wasn’t Amara. This was Chuck.” He looks around the room, eyes changing focus as he goes, seemingly seeing things the others can’t. “Amara was here too, but the murder wasn’t her.”
Despite himself, it fills Dean with hope. This is it: Cas sitting here in a nightcap to humor Dean, Jack learning how to get stains out of bedding, and Sam off at the farmers market probably buying organic vegan conditioner or something. This is what he’s fighting for. Not something grand or flashy, just his family and every family like or unlike his, which is perhaps the grandest thing of all. The freedom to spend time doing unremarkable things with the ones you love.
“No, just a regular cat. She saw Amara two days ago and can show us where.” That gives Sam pause, and the two begin excitedly discussing the battle plan while Jack listens intently and Dean’s mind drifts elsewhere. There’s a word bouncing around in Dean’s head: cute. Dean thinks it’s really cute how the cat’s perched on Cas’s head like that. But it isn’t the cat that Dean thinks is cute.
He’s barely three feet tall and 40 pounds for Christ’s sake and their Dad treated him like a soldier.
“How are you?” Cas asks gently. Dean internally sighs; Cas knows him too well. Dean’s not doing so well, and based on Cas’s tone he already knows that. Still, Dean’s not going to talk about his feelings without a fight. He turns toward Cas briefly before getting back to his preparations.
“Okay.” Dean says, relieved that Cas is going to be okay. He’s less thrilled about the state Cas is currently in. “Okay let’s get you back to the bunker to rest. Do you think you can stand?” Castiel attempts to stand, but quickly falls back into the chair and shakes his head. “That’s okay. Come on, I’ll carry you.” He positions himself to lift Cas up. “Put your arms around my neck.” Cas does so and Dean lifts him up bridal style. “Just focus on keeping your head up, alright?” Cas leans his head against Dean’s shoulder in lieu of an answer. He doesn’t say anything else as he carries Cas out to the car.
“Dean is hiding inside his own mind.” Castiel explains. “Michael is everywhere, but there are pieces Michael cannot touch. If we bring those pieces together, we might be able to reach Dean.”
He’d always known that Dean was four when all that responsibility was put on his shoulders, he knew Dean was too young, but it’s completely different actually seeing Dean at this age, feeling how small he is as he hugs him tight.
“Sam and Cas are here and they want to talk to you about taking the heart…” they're met with silence as Jack listens to whomever’s on the other end. “Sure thing.” Jack hangs up the phone and smiles up at them. “He’ll be here in a minute.” He then seems to remember the question Sam asked just before he took to the phone. “Oh right, the boss. We’re all here to protect it but ultimately Dean’s put each piece into someone’s protection. Someone he trusts with it. The person he feels the most of that sort of love towards.” Okay, so the person Dean feels the most familial love toward.
But when Cas sees Dean, an amused smile breaks out on his face and he looks Dean up and down (careful to move only his eyes and not his head, lest he upset the cat), as though Dean is the weird-looking one in this situation!
A song plays in Dean’s head, calling him here like a siren. The lyrics are in a language Dean doesn’t know, but he understands what they mean. The haunting melody sings of a secret shore, where the tide returns lost things.
There are a million reasons not to tell Cas right now. There are always a million reasons not to tell Cas at any given time. Dean’s always thought they were good reasons.
Sam ushers Cas down the fire pole first. And hearing Michael outside, Sam automatically wants to take this young Dean with him to save him. But he knows this is just a projection of Dean’s mind, and taking him will not do anything and probably won’t even be possible.
Once they’re close to the reception desk, a nice TV sat behind it comes to life, the volume increases and Sam recognizes Dr. Sexy M.D. on the screen.
Standing in Dean’s bedroom preparing to head out, there are a million reasons not to tell Cas right now. There are always a million reasons not to tell Cas at any given time. Dean’s always thought they were good reasons.
Dean looks back toward Cas, standing in the waves and staring out to the sea. And Dean’s heart is briefly gripped with terror. For a moment, Dean sees Castiel, black veins wrapping around his neck like tentacles, holding up his arms and wading in deeper and deeper.
“Let them go.” Jack says, probably with more bravado than he should given that he’s pinned to the wall and relatively powerless, Dean thinks.
“Your goal isn’t to be stronger than him,” Cas argues back, “just strong enough to be on a similar level. You demonstrated that by overpowering his attempts to ‘rewind’ time.”
Cas is there alright, but with a black cat wrapped around his head. Dean can’t figure out exactly what the cat’s body is doing, but one paw is perched on Cas’s nose and another is digging into his cheek. It’s harder to tell where the other paws are, but Dean thinks they’re probably tangled up in Cas’s hair somewhere.
In an instant Cas is kissing him back. Cas kisses gently and sweetly. Dean can’t get enough; his heart bursts with that warmth, and he doesn’t understand why he’s been so scared of something so perfect, why he ever fought something so blissful. He forgets the world around him as he and Castiel remain wrapped up in each other, moving their lips gently against each other.
Psyche-Sam looks between them expectantly. “You wanted to talk about taking the family heart?” Sam’s having a tough time focusing on having a conversation with himself. It’s like hearing a recording of your own voice only times 100.
“Bite me.” There’s a commotion, the sounds of things falling over. Psyche-Dean with the amulet silently communicates with the other Dean’s in the room.
As he runs, it occurs to Sam that four year old Dean gave them the heart so willingly, despite the other Dean’s protecting it so fiercely. Maybe it’s because Dean wasn’t always so unwilling to love himself.
Again, Dean feels time come to a halt, then he feels the last day of his life rewinding until he’s again at the kitchen table, eating crepes in his pajamas.
“He can’t hurt you or take the pieces of Dean’s heart from you.” Psyche-Cas chimes in. Well, that’s great and all but it’s all still useless if they can’t reach Dean.
Sam looks around the office. He doesn’t know most of these people. He recognizes a few, probably people they saved in hunts (or didn’t save), but he doesn’t know their names for the most part. A few names he can pick out.
“It just…” Dean answers, finally turning to look at Cas now, “it seems like a lot of bad. Bad luck omens, and my eyes itch, and Amara…” He takes a moment to put his thoughts together. “Look, the way I felt about her scared me. It terrified me. Even when I wasn’t with her it was all consuming and horrible but I couldn’t stop it. And I don’t feel that way anymore. I don’t feel any sort of draw to her, or a need to protect her, or any of that. She’s just, you know, she’s just another thing now. But I’m scared that if she’s right there in front of me. What if she flips some switch and makes me… I’m scared of what she did to me, and I’m scared that she’s powerful enough to do it again.”
Yeah, Dean thinks, all it takes throwing him off by kissing your best friend. He doesn’t mind the idea of having to do that again, but somehow Dean doubts it’ll work out the same way a second time.
Chuck seems almost speechless for a moment. He taps his foot and contemplates, then turns his attention to Dean, “See, you and Sam,” he turns to address both brothers at once, “are so interesting. Somehow, you manage to surprise me. Which is pretty novel considering I’m omniscient. Normally I’m okay just rolling with it, enjoy the show and all. But some things just…” He twirls his hands in the air, searching for the words, “irk me. You know? They’re too out of left field and I’m left obsessively wondering over why you did that. I need to figure it out. So,” he turns his attention solely to Dean, “Dean, I need to understand why you kissed Castiel.”
“Wait.” Sam interrupts. “You’re supposed to be guarding this thing; that was way too easy.” Psyche-Castiel and Cas both tilt their hands slightly to the side and squint as Sam, and Sam tries really hard to only focus on one of them at a time or he’s gonna get a headache.
“Thank you, Jimmy.” Cas tells him with such sincerity that Sam feels like he’s intruding. Sam walks out of the office and waits for Cas on the other side of the door.
Dean looks down at his crepes and snorts as he scoops some strawberries and powdered sugar onto one, “Crepes.” He corrects and gives Sam his best disappointed glare. “Shame, Sam, shame. And,” He adds as he wraps up the crepe, “I’ll have you know, I have been washing this.” He motions to his nightgown. “Mrs. Butters left behind some awesome fabric softener.”
It’s not a good time to tell him. They’re about to go find Amara and they don’t have time to talk. Chuck could kill them at any time. Amara could kill them in a few hours. They’ll be trapped in the car with Sam and Jack and Naughty Edith from now until then.
“But you’re still going to tell him you, you love him, you’re in love with him, right?” It feels weird to say aloud. Sam hadn’t expected these sorts of bombs to drop today.
“Yeah,” Sam agrees, “it was a good proof of concept. He’s in firing range.” Jack nods, seemingly satisfied with these answers. “We also learned that he can’t read Dean’s mind, or at least doesn’t want to.”
By the way Chuck doesn’t say anything, it apparently didn’t help. Still, Chuck looks at Dean thoughtfully before finally speaking, “Maybe if we watch again.”
“I’m in the right place.” Psyche-Castiel tells them. “I’m Dean’s best friend but he’s also in love with me so I’m the guardian of both hearts.” And okay, that’s a massive bomb that he just dropped super casually.
“I wasn’t ASKING!” Michael yells, accompanied by a cacophony of sound: the high-pitched, near-deafening sound of true angelic voice; wood snapping; bone breaking; tornado speed wind blowing paper about and knocking over office plants, one of the Dean’s screaming.
“You’ve got something in your hair.” Dean jokes, having completely forgotten the déjà vu he felt earlier.
“Dean’s in love with him and Dean trusts him to guard his heart. How can Dean ‘especially not’ be willing to give it to him?”
“Dean, it’s okay for you to be selfish sometimes.” Cas is so sincere, and the affection in his eyes is almost overwhelming. Dean wants to be selfish. And since he’s always been better with actions than words, Dean acts on that selfishness.
Jack looks over Cas and hovers a glowing hand over his head before shaking his head. “I’m sorry,” He says, sounding completely torn up about it, “I can’t.”
She’s so young it’s painful. And it reminds Sam of just how long ago that was. How far they’ve come.
They walk for another long period of time, and it drags on long enough that Sam’s starting to get impatient.
The way Cas’s face contorts in regret tells Dean immediately that he’s going to absolutely hate the answer. “I’m sorry I didn’t tell you.” Cas starts. “You already had so many worries and I didn’t want to add to your burden.” He takes a moment to breathe, maybe he actually has to right now given how weak he is. “When Jack died and I went to heaven to retrieve him, it wasn’t as uneventful as I’d let on. The Cosmic Entity that rules over The Empty came for Jack; it thought it had a claim to him since he’s half angel. So to protect Jack, I made a deal.” Dean’s stomach drops. He knew this was going to be bad, but few phrases induce the same sort of dread in him as hearing someone he loves has made a deal. “Me instead of Jack. But the Cosmic Entity doesn’t like me very much. It wanted me to suffer. So it told me that it would wait to take me. It wanted to wait until I forgot about it and gave myself permission to be happy.”
“Dean—“ Cas calls, sounding more concerned than Sam had, but Dean interrupts him before he can say any more.
He also notices Bela Talbot. Because of course. Sam rolls his eyes and hopes she isn’t the head honcho here.
And then, he breaks through to the surface, and he gasps in air as he’s struck like lightning by an epiphany.
He also has a moment in which he wonders why she’s in the office for strangers and acquaintances. And then he remembers that Dean only met Jess very briefly; Jess was never important to Dean the way she was to Sam.
Sam thinks that they should be more cautious and considerate upon entering, especially since Dean’s left this one for last and Sam can tell his brother’s conflicted about it, but he’s still in flight mode, so when he reaches the door he yanks it open without hesitation.
Sam turns, trying to figure out where they’re to go next, but instead finds himself face to face with a small child.
“You noticed.” Dean smiles as he fills his mouth and then pushes the crepe plate toward Sam. He tries to say, “come have some”, but it definitely gets muffled by the food in his mouth. Still, Sam seems to get the message. Their conversation fizzles out as Dean continues eating. Sam tries to talk with Dean, but he quickly gives up after Dean spews powdered sugar all over the table when he tries talking while chewing. When Dean’s almost done, he hears the sound of the bunker door opening and perks up.
Cas turns to Sam. “The real Jimmy blames me and himself, not Dean. But we won’t be able to convince Dean’s sub-conscience of that.”
Psyche-Cas stares at Castiel, face breaking. And Sam can only stare because even though he's wearing Cas's face, all Sam can see is Dean.
“Am I in far enough?” Sam asks, despite the fact that he’s not even in the water whenever the ocean recedes. Sam seems to know he’s not far enough in, however, as he then takes another few steps forward into the ocean.
“I promise, we won’t do anything unless we’re sure Jack is safe.” Cas still doesn’t seem convinced. “Let us help you.”
At this point Sam notices that somewhere along the way, he and Cas have ended up sitting in chairs in front of Psyche-Cas’s desk. He doesn't remember how that happened but it's the least of his concerns right now.
He thinks he might die. And as the merciless ocean beats down on him, cold and uncaring and relentless, all he can think of is Cas standing barefoot in the sand, offering to wait for Dean to take off his boots. Dean’s frozen in that moment.
“Do you even know why you did that?” Chuck asks. This time, he’s actually asking Dean rather than simply talking to himself. And that’s the kicker. Dean doesn’t know. He knows why he wanted to kiss Cas, but he himself doesn’t understand why all those reasons not to suddenly seemed so unimportant. If Dean did know, he’s pretty sure he would tell Chuck at this point. He wouldn’t want to out of pride, but really, he needs to get them out of this frickin’ time loop. Still, Dean shakes his head no, he doesn’t know why he did that. Chuck sighs, like he was expecting that answer, “Guess we’ll have to keep watching.”
There’s a tense moment of not-so-silent silence. The wind whistles around them, rustling the tall grass and carrying the fading sounds of Sam’s and Jack’s voices, barely audible now over the sound of crashing waves.
Sam turns around to see the real Castiel still standing there, squinting in confusion at the projection of himself. Then he turns back to Psyche-Castiel. Then back to real Castiel, who’s no longer squinting in confusion and now looks more like a dear caught in the headlights. Sam doesn’t think he’s ever seen that look on Cas’s face before.
“Dean trusts us greatly.” Cas tells Sam as they again walk through the mist. His voice is mostly matter-of-fact, but there’s also a great deal of emotion in it. Cas is touched.
Back at the bunker the next morning, Dean emerges from his room and makes his way to the kitchen, this time wearing a different set of pajamas.
The corpse on the floor doesn’t look right. It isn’t particularly grotesque or anything; the problem is that it looks alive. It’s even still warm, despite the body being two days old.
“A deal’s only binding until it isn’t.” Sam retorts. Cas doesn't respond again right away, but he maintains eye contact with Sam the whole time.
Cas agrees as they take out their shards to put together Dean’s heart. Sam’s learned a lot today, and he’ll be thinking about all of this a lot. But before any of that, before he even starts thinking about saving Cas so he and Dean can be happy, they have to save Dean from Michael.
Mrs. Butters may be gone, but Dean still has the memories, and perhaps more importantly, the pajamas.
“It could be useful.” Cas reasons, seemingly trying to put a positive spin on this even though the tone in his voice indicates that he knows it won’t work on Dean. “Chuck implied that he can’t kill me, not fully anyway. I’m not sure what ‘not fully’ means, though. Possibly he could put me in the veil, or in—“
“No, you can’t.” Psyche-Cas agrees. “So you won’t." Of course Dean's being a stubborn idiot about this. "But you can escape. You can leave Dean’s mind and leave the pieces with me for safekeeping. Once you leave I can safely return them to their proper offices.”
“What did the fangirls from the Supernatural musical call this?” Sam asks amused, “the ‘Samulet’, right?” Sam holds out the gold amulet for the group to see.
“Have at it.” Dean says, clapping Jack on the shoulder before the boy heads off to stand in the ocean.
“He’s right.” Demon-Dean calls from the copier. “You’ve been trying to convince him for years to let go of this piece of his heart and he hasn’t. You really think you can convince him now? With one stupid conversation?” Demon-Dean laughs at them and goes about his business.
Somehow, the waves have brought him back to shore, and when he opens his eyes, Castiel is over him, saying something that Dean can’t hear. But Dean locks eyes with him, and he certainly doesn’t feel calm, but he does finally feel peace.
But Psyche-Sam calls out to everyone in the office, “Hey, guys! Everyone okay with me giving Sam and Cas the heart? They need it to save Dean from Michael.” There’s some mumbling in the office. Most people nod and give Pysche-Sam thumbs ups.
“Yes.” Castiel says. Cas seems to think this whole talking-to-himself thing is completely normal. He doesn’t skip a beat. Maybe it’s not a big deal to him; this isn’t his true form anyway.
“I trust him.” Psyche-Sam calls back. Psyche-John grumbles to himself. “He’s got Sam with him.” Psyche-Sam adds. That seems to placate Psyche-John enough and then everyone is in agreement. Psyche-Sam turns back toward Sam and Cas with a smile. “Follow me.” He tells them, before walking deeper into the office. Sam and Cas follow him to a room within the office, presumably Psyche-Sam’s. There’s a large, fancy desk and Psyche-Sam rounds it to a safe behind it. He positions himself so Sam and Cas can’t see the combination, and then he opens it.
“Don’t you need to wash those at some point?” Sam teases as he walks into the kitchen, seeing Dean sitting at the table in said pajamas. Before Dean gets a chance to respond, Sam asks, “Did you make pancakes?”
“That’s true.” Psyche-Cas confirms for them. “He wouldn’t leave so Charlie called me and I also told him to ‘fuck off’.”
While he’s occupied with that Cas quietly tells Sam, “This is really interesting; in real life he’s met me before but Dean doesn’t know that, so this projection doesn’t recognize me.”
“Can I though?” Psyche-Jimmy squints at Sam, but somehow in a way that’s different than when Cas does it. “I’m dead because of you two and Dean. Lots of others here are dead because of you three.” Just then, Sam catches a glimpse of Jess across the office and he swallows down the pain. “Do you know how much it hurts him, every time he gives this piece of his heart to someone and he fails them?” Sam thinks he does. He feels the same pain. Or at least he thinks he does. “Like he failed me?”
He isn’t used to the proximity anymore, and he tries to remember when that happened. He thinks maybe it was after Mary died, but that’s not true. At that point there was already this building space between them. It happened slowly, without Dean even noticing.
And now when Sam looks more closely, he notices how they’re different. One is younger and still has Sam’s necklace. There’s Dean Smith in his suspenders. Sam also sees Dean, bearing the Mark of Cain, and Dean with black demon eyes. He isn’t sure which of those two scares him more.
“It’s not too bad.” He tells them, “You go numb pretty fast and can’t feel how cold it is anymore.” He smiles at them before something at his feet gains his attention.
To say that Dean’s devastated would be an understatement. What’s been getting him through all of this utterly horrible crap is the potential light at the end of the tunnel. If they just get through this, there could be freedom and happiness waiting for them on the other side. Sure, the chance of them succeeding is small. The chance of them succeeding and getting through with their whole family alive is even smaller. But the chance was there. Now, Dean’s finding out that there is no potential light at the end of the tunnel for Cas. Even if they get through this, even if happiness is within Cas’s reach, he can never take it. There is no happy ending here, just pain and more pain until he inevitably dies.
"Welcome to American Airlines flight 2736 to Salt Lake City, Utah, leaving from Gate B25," a woman at the front desk of the gate stated. "We'll be starting our boarding procedure shortly. Please note your boarding group on your ticket as we prepare to get everyone aboard. This is a full flight, so there will not be any available seats. We'll start with business class boarding and current military members."
"Order!" Judge Morris' voice rang out again. "Mrs. Novak, I demand you sit right back down and stay quiet."
"I've been on heat suppressants for years. I didn't stop taking them, yet I went into heat. I then kept up the suppressants."
Cas looked at his mate with a blank look on his face. He didn't know what to do with this information.
"Just a little more, please?" Steve asked, coming up and grasping Cas's pants, pulling on them slightly.
Dean felt himself start to growl lowly in his chest. Cas turned toward him with a small smile. "I'm fine now. Can I continue?" Dean felt calm as he nodded.
Castiel took in a deep breath of fresh air as soon as the door was closed behind them. He knew that it wasn't going to go well, but not that bad.
John was finally drifting off to sleep when there was knocking against the metal bars. "What do you want?" John demanded.
"It's either publically accessible information or information the FBI has collected over time that didn't necessarily connect to anything. If we want those bastards to rot in prison, this needs to be well above board. I'm not going to risk a single thing."
There was no answer for her except for a groan coming from the table. The woman tried to make a break for it before a gunshot filled the room. The woman fell immediately, and blood pooled under her.
Dean watched the omega get into his car and watched as he drove away, waving as he went. He closed and relocked the door. He leaned against the door, feeling his heartbeat race—an excellent end to a horrible day.
"I would say no. I'm fairly certain he doesn't even know he was a nephew. He showed up one day when Christie was five and staying with me, and Steve was at a doctor's appointment. He introduced himself to her and left before Lily could get back with Steve. For all I know, he could be down in Mexico eating flatbread. There's no telling with him."
"Anyway, testifying always takes a lot out of me. Can't eat until afterward. Just happy I was first this time. That never happens."
"Well, they've figured out how they're choosing victims. After Jones, the first couple of victims were all omegas that had recently aged out of the foster care system, specifically in Utah."
"Don't worry about it. It's not like you can do anything anyways. He'll be good hands..." Amara trailed off with a chuckle. "It's best not to get involved."
Soon, the main bailiff stood up in the center of the room and called the entire room to a halt. "All rise for the honorable Judge Raphael Morris."
"It's perfect," Cas said as he dug himself in the couch as Kali hopped up real quick to dim the lights.
Cas muted the television, not wanting to hear anymore. He wrapped his legs closer to himself. Did they really have all the evidence they were alluding to, or were they hoping that more people would speak up? Would he finally have to say something?
She was Naomi now, at least in private. The only time he was to call her mom was when they were out in public. Since he manifested as an omega, everything was different. He just wanted his brothers back. Then, they would know what to do.
"How am I supposed to make Baby Omega his tea without his honey? You're lucky I was prepared." The group watched as the woman dug in her purse and pulled out a small plastic container with honey and a box of tea. "Oh, I also found this when I was at the store. It's made with flowers and whatnot but won't make Baby Omega sleepy. I thought he might want to try it."
Moving over to Dean, "I really must thank you for this opportunity that you gave me. Funnily enough, we all thought it would be your brother that set us free. But then I guess you are the one who has to start things off."
Sam took the pages out of the table and looked at them. "I don't understand what the observations mean. It seems more like a coded message."
"It's not about putting him in jail. It's about reasonable doubt. And if we can put doubt into the jury about his role in all of this, we have a chance of getting the charges greatly reduced."
"Okay then. I suppose I'll just have to call Lucifer then and figure everything out. Talk to you later, baby bro."
"Benny," the other said, shaking Dean's hand in return. "Well, you've come at the perfect time. Nothin' goin' on except for paperwork."
Since the path was clear, Sam didn't hesitate to fire at him. The demon didn't even flinch. He just stood there was an unimpressed look on his face.
Emily didn't get the full word out before she was punched square across the face. Instead of saying anything else, she gave the demon a smirk, which was rewarded with another punch.
"Great. I know that living in the same town might help, but having their things will hopefully make the transition easier."
They walked into the building, using the access ramp for ease. Once inside the building, Samandrial saw them walk by him.
Dean had never been a very religious person but felt his stomach drop at the name. He had a feeling that the man in front of him would live up to the name if he thought it was necessary.
Staying quiet, animals were the only ones that were heard. After a while, they could hear the whispering of voices. Coming to a halt, they tried to make out what was being said.
"One of us is going to drive you to and from school," Lucifer continued. "You don't go to the store by yourself. We'll have to see if we can get you an escort whenever you have to go somewhere without the two of us. I don't think they'll break-in. That's too obvious. But we should probably up the security. Get cameras, the works..."
John watched as Sam left next door. He watched as his son walked toward the Impala, opened the door and got in. His face was softly lite with the light of his phone before he started the car.
"You're right," Kali agreed with Sam. "I thought I trained him better, but it seems that I still have work to do. Do you mind us coming in?"
"Sorry, Sam couldn't decide what to bring with him. I had to convince him that he didn't need to bring his entire library."
"Winchester! Novak!" the group heard being yelled in their direction. They all looked up and saw Chief Singer with a stern look on his face. "Either one of you want to explain why I'm talking to the FBI about a human trafficking ring. And how Jody's attempted kidnapping case has anything to do with this."
"Except malnutrition from being in a food desert, the increasing obesity epidemic, increasing occurrence of type II diabetes, especially among minority populations."
Dean turned around, the phone still to his ear, and saw a black van quickly pull into the parking lot. The parking lot was close to the park's bathrooms, where Cas and Maddie were walking out of hand and hand. The two had stopped checking out where the loud noise can come from and continued along, once sure they wouldn't be hit. From behind, the two didn't see the two men jumping out of the van and running toward them.
"That whoever is the owner is a complete nerd," Dean commented. Castiel and Celine continued their progress. "It's just a bunch of information about herbs and whatnot. Many that don't exist anymore, so that's not any help."
He looked down at the instrument in his hands. It was explained on the case when weapons were being selected that it was a demon-killing knife. As soon as they returned to Bobby's it was tumbling inside his head. Maybe this would be the thing he needs to keep his family safe. Why would you use a demon-killing knife on an angel, he thought to himself. You wouldn't. It would have to do something to demons it shows its worth. If it didn't kill the thing, it would hopefully be injured enough his family could see through the facade.
"Once we do, I think we should get a state map," Celine suggested. "Having a more precise map may get us a more precise location."
The trek to the house was long, made even longer by the unbearable heat but somehow worth it. John never enjoyed coming here before. He would drop the boys off and quickly leave, saving himself a lecture about being a better father. There was no time to be a father; he needed to fin the thing that killed his wife. Now Bobby was the only one that could help them. He hoped they just hadn't become the things he'd sworn to kill.
Sam and Dean quickly jumped out of the Impala and went to the trunk. They promptly got a set of weapons that suited the rest of them. Mary and Bobby jumped out as well and instantly grabbed shotguns and other weapons for themselves.
The demon looked back and forth between the group of hunters and the girl in front of him. Seeing his only option currently was to leave, John's body stiffened and fell as a cloud of black smoke came out of his mouth. Instead of immediately going, it stayed. The group of hunters had never seen this happen before. It was almost as if it was trapped where it was.
"I have informed Christie and Steve of what occurred in the best way that would be easiest for them to digest until they're older. When I got here, Ms. Bradbury informed me of their closest relative. I asked if the children would like to stay with her, they agreed.
John nodded and put down the stack of books on the table and followed his sons out, breathing out a sigh of relief. From his seat at his computer, he could see when his boys walked in, but they couldn't see him. He quickly grabbed a couple of books that were on the closest shelf, making sure to have the spins toward him. He was quick to make sure it looked like he retrieved more books, and they bought it.
"Nothing. Nothing at all," Charlie sighed. "I thought meeting Hermoine would be the best thing ever, but this takes that cake."
"Definitely our parents. I still get updates from Mikey. He's the only one who talks to them anymore.
"Will do, ma'am." Dean left the room, making sure to close the door tightly behind him. He walked over to his co-workers that were still present. "Has the bastard made it here yet?"
There was a tense worry still hanging around the room. Although there were determined looks on faces, there was still fear underneath it all. Everyone got up and set forth things that they needed to do before tomorrow came.
Dean motioned toward Sam before going back to the conversation. "I wasn't expecting to be gone this long. I would have come back sooner."
After what felt like moments, he smelled the comforting scent of another omega as she cooed in his ear.
"I was wondering when you would wake up," Amara said with a slight smirk. As she said this, she flicked the light switch beside her, filling the entire room with light.
"I don't think this is one spell, but I combination of several spells. The final bit is a summoning spell, but the rest seems that is more of a slow-moving spell that takes over bit by bit. The other moon phases talked about referring specifically toward adding things and removing things. What's concerning is what is being added: dark thoughts, disdain, cruelty. What is especially concerning on top of everything is the blue-violet."
There was a couple of seconds before the sound of a door slamming open, and Chief Singer walked out, grumbling under his breath. "This is a place of work. Why are you yelling?"
They hiked through the night in hopes that they could get far enough North before having to find a place to get out of the sun. The entire trek consisted of miles and miles of open road and the occasional car that didn't slow down. The two of them were almost to the Nebraska border just before noon, almost going to find a ditch to lay in before someone decided to pull over. The white SUV stopped right beside the two of them, and the passenger side window rolled down. Inside were two men.
It was much later after the pups went to bed that Dean got around to telling Cas the story he heard earlier that day. The omega was contemplative about what he heard. It couldn't be possible.
Dean willed himself faster, and without thinking about it, shifted his way out of his clothes, leaving torn clothes in his path. Too occupied with their captives, the captors didn't realize that a large alpha wolf was upon them before it was too late. The one holding Cas back suffered from a large bite to his calf, resulting in the sharp crack of bone. The captor yelled out, grasping at his broken leg and reached for the injured limb. At the sound of their partner's scream, the captor holding Maddie let her out of his weakening grasp at the surprise.
Mary practically flew out of the room. she had barely started getting the house ready for her grandchild thing she had a couple of months left instead of days. She grumbled under her breath about angels keeping things from her as she continued on her way.
"It came with the cable, and it took effort trying to talk to the cable company trying to get rid of it. Been there, done that. Wished I could get a T-shirt, but that's not going to happen because it's the cable company. Kali's just resorted to unplugging the things. It took a bit before they died. Now it's been peaceful until they realized they weren't coming through and just started coming to the shop. But jokes on them, they have to buy something if they don't want to be kicked out. Jokes on them, I don't talk to them and make money off their stupidity. I win."
Benny opened the door and ushered Dean inside. Sitting on the opposite side of the room was a desk with two screens. On the wall were three more screens. In front of them was an omega with long stark red hair typing something up.
"I would also like to submit evidence A.2, which is the actual conversation that was first linked with the case that we are talking about today. Agent Bellum, would you please explain to the court what is occurring in this conversation here?"
Dean found a motel a mile or so away from the outskirts of the city, sketchy as usual, but it was something. Pulling into a space, the two brothers immediately stepped out of the Impala. Leaning against the hood, sam hand out the IDs they would need for this case.
"My grandfather told me was there was this tribe that had been blessed by the gods with a protector. They were fruitful and truly thriving. Because of that, others wanted to take the land for themselves but couldn't. Armies even were stopped in their tracks."
"Speaking of dead bodies..., what do you have on the dead omega. I know you and Lafitte are still looking into it."
"As you wish," Dean said as he wrapped his arms around his mate and carried him downstairs. "Look who decided to come down and join the rest of us."
"And you have. Now, dinner should almost be ready," he said as he stood up. "Next time you have questions about Dean, either ask him or me. You really do not have to sneak around."
"So you're pregnant?" Dean asked dumbly from the shock. From the wide grin his omega have him, we smiled in return. "We're having a pup."
Getting through the next book, finding nothing yet, again. He decided it was time to move on, in the middle of the night so no one would notice him. He got into his newly stolen vehicle and got onto the highway, a bottle of whiskey beside him.
"That's understandable; I guess it does seem strange. Well, you know how most children, for the most part, cannot lie."
Emily opened the door and looked into the room. It looked and felt like a nursery. She didn't know what was weirder: the fact that there was a nursery in this dreary place or the fact that demons actually set one up. Shaking her head of those thoughts, she glanced at the crib. She saw Riley screaming as much as her lungs would allow and Emma sobbing, not understanding what was happening around her. Seeing Emily walk into the room, Riley stopped crying and moved to comfort Emma, muttering in a language only the two could understand. Looking up and seeing her blue-headed friend, Emma held her arms out, wanting to be held. Quickly going over and picking up the smaller girl, she tried to soothe her.
Dr. Robertson turned around and walked back through the double doors with Sam and Dean following him. The back area was larger than the rest of the building would suggest with plenty of fridges like lockers and examination rooms. Dr. Robertson leads them to a room at the very end of the long hallway that they were walking down. He walked and went to the lockers and started to unlock ten of them.
He quickly opened it up. "Hello?" he asked into the microphone. He didn't hear anything from the other side. "Hello?" he asked again, perking his eyes to get any clue as to who was on the other side. He heard the sound of squealing tires. Not over the phone but from the area behind him.
"If someone is using the paw print the exact same way as in the story, we have to assume that they also know the story," Lucifer stated.
Track marks, you say," Bobby trailed off. On the other end of the line, Sam and Dean heard the ruffling of paper on the other end. "I don't think you dealing with that either."
Bobby kicked the two boys out of the house as soon as Castiel left. There was absolutely no point for those idjits to be moping around waiting for him to return, Dean especially. Bobby was trying to find a hunt. Anything would do.
There was the sound of quickly approaching feet which caused Dean to promptly turn around to see who it was. It was the mother who was talking to him earlier with a phone at her ear.
John was about to open his mouth to respond when Sam lifted his head and interrupted. "Would you just shut up?"
The cavern they were all now standing in was wide and spacious, leaving enough room that they didn't have to walk in a single file line. As the tunnel only went in two directions, the group went in the direction that led toward the center of the district.
It felt like forever for Dean. He looked toward the eldest in the room with the most confused look on his have that said "how is the possible." He knew this was real. It had to be, yet what was in front of him was impossible. How could it not be?
Dean took a step toward the seething alpha and held out his hand. "Dean Winchester," he introduced himself.
"I know but...," Castiel was interrupted by John walking into the room, leaning against the wall next to the opening.
Dean was tense as he crouched behind the wall. On the other side, he could hear their suspect mumbling to himself. When he looked around, he was still waving the gun around the room but hadn't let out a shot since they stepped out of the room.
"Yeah, yeah, yeah. You're mad at me, but there was nothing I could do. Didn't I say to have Baby Omega help you?"
As soon as the question came out of her mouth, the sound of wood cracking once again was heard. Instead of holes become more prominent, they seemed to melt close as the house started mending itself.  As quickly as it had started, it ended, and with it came the appearance of Cas.
"If you can find something, I can get warrants for more information. We'll wait for arrest warrants until we have everything air-tight, so they don't go into hiding with some of their networks. Amara is keeping her cover right now, so they still believe they're in business. There have been some whispers since our two friends downstairs were arrested. She's going to keep her ears open for them."
At the resulting nod, the woman stood, giving Dean a brief assessing look before looking around the park. She scanned the park looking at the group of scared children being held back by confused mothers. There was no way that they would be getting those children back to school for the rest of the day. This experience was probably traumatic enough.
"I hate to say it," Emily started, "but she's technically right. If someone is addicted enough and they're found dead, their families just assume they died of an overdose."
"A bit," Amara said as she walked back into the room with another steaming cup of coffee. "I was out of town, and the bastard wasn't supposed to be there. Actually, he was supposed to be going for a job interview. Guess he noticed how close he was to my sister's place and decided to make a pitstop.
On the way out, Sam made sure to grab his wallet. Instead of taking the Impala with them, the two decided to walk to the nearest coffee shop. It wasn't too far and had yet to get too got.
Celine spread out the ingredients in front of her, similar to what she had done in the house. Once again, the flame from the match split into three and burned that map away. Again, right before the fire went out, Celine strained to get it to keep going before ultimately going out.
The young officer pulled up a database and quickly dialed a number into the phone. He was silent for a bit before he was pulled into a conversation by the person on the other end.
Cas breathed in the calming omega scent that was being released into the air. "I thought you wore blockers?" he softly asked.
There was a pause before Cas answer. "I did not think about it. I just wanted to see you," he said quietly.
"We've moved to one of the conference rooms. It's our new headquarters for everything having to do with this case."
They were both silent for the rest of the way. Once the sign signaling for the junkyard came into view, John could practically feel the excitement rolling off of her. From her place beside him, he could see her want to run the rest of the way to the house that they could now see in the distance but refrained from doing so. He couldn't blame her, though. He wanted to know how they got back just as much as she did; he just didn't show it.
Lucifer ended that call and looked at the time. It was already close to 4. He popped out of his chair and headed over to Dean's and Benny's area.
"Great," Celine supplied. She walked into the back bringing back a wide iron container. When she set it down, they could see that it contained the jar of salt he had the previous day, a couple of bundles of sage, and a lighter. "We should probably take this outside. I rather not set off the fire alarms."
Cas shook his head, rejecting the idea. "We can get food and go to your home. I'm sure that Lucifer will be standing at the front window waiting for me to come home."
Before Dean could stop him, Cas walked around the corner and directly into his parent's line of sight.
"Sounds about right. Unfortunately, it is still legal for guardians to auction omegas to the highest bidder. Still strange that they are trying to sell him off. Breaking a mating bond unwillingly is a big taboo on the other hand."
The night was silent. The only thing breaking it was the sound of footsteps on the concrete floors. Two hours and nothing had been found. Every building that had been searched thoroughly, and there was only so much to go.
"Where do you recognize him from?" Dean asked, seeing his mate searching for the answer in his memories.
"Nothing like a murder to get your mind off of a murderous older brother," Benny muttered under his breath.
"You know what, Sam, why don't you get your schoolwork or book," Lucifer's voice broke through the haze. "That way, we can do our work together. I don't want to do it by myself."
Lucifer made his way upstairs and laid Steve down on Sam's bed, and nodded Christie good night. He looked into the master bedroom and noticed the huddle of three wolves. He made his way back downstairs, took off his jacket and shoes, and made himself comfortable on the couch.
"How much are you willing to part with him for?" the faceless alpha said. He had long learned to look them in the eye.
The detectives ran toward the stairwell and raced inside. They ran up four flights of stairs, reaching the fifth floor. Reaching the door, they slightly paused, trying to catch their breath before they talked to their main suspect. Opening the door, they walked on both sides of the hall, looking at the door markers.
"Do you remember the book series I was obsessed with for a bit? The one you refused to read when I told you about it."
The shop smelled of lavender and cinnamon. Across one wall, there were bunches of different types of herbs. Along rows and rows of aisles, there were many different items: tarot cards, crystals, oils, and pouches to name a few. At the front of the store was a woman working on a computer next to a cash register. Every couple of seconds she would check a notebook that was by her side before looking at the screen again.
Cas sat in his seat hours into the new week of trial, rubbing his belly. He had a feeling swarming in his stomach that he could explain. He looked over to where Abaddon was sitting. She looked much more resigned than she had the previous day. Besides her, he saw his mother, as calm as could be, while his father sporadically searched the room, fighting to stay in his seat. Their side of the courtroom was practically empty, either from people having other things to do or seeing a losing battle when they saw one. He hadn't seen the news, so he didn't know that outside point of view of this case, but from what he saw, he hoped it was that later of the two.
I've never heard of an aging spell," Sam mentioned. "In all the spell books we've confiscated, there were no signs of that."
They didn't get another response. Dean held his hand with all five fingers up. He started to count down on his hand as Benny got ready to kick the door down, hoping it wasn't bolted closed. As Dean now had a closed fist up, Benny kicked the door in. It splintered in half, and Dean went inside, gun raised, as Benny followed.
The sound of a grumbling stomach erupted from the center of the room. Cas looked down to his stomach, still utterly surprised by his need to eat. Ever since he had conceived, he had become overwhelmed with human desires. It also felt strange for his grace to be slowly taken by another source but not have his grace try to reject the intrusion.
"How are we supposed to fit in, John?" Mary questioned him, quietly so no one else would be able to hear her. "I've been dead for twenty-eight years. Things have obviously changed."
"Look at the nose of the boy. Neither parent has that. Look at the jaw on the girl. Also, the hair. I don't remember much science, but what are the chances that two brown-haired people have two blonde children?"
Cas opened his mouth to reply before remember that Gabriel didn't know everything yet. He didn't want to have his usually happy-go-lucky brother worry about something like this. It wasn't fair to him.
"Am I right to assume he's the wolf standing really close?" the woman asked with a knowing smile. "And he left those pretty bad injuries?"
"It did come in. I'll be honest. I had no clue what I was doing. Did you know that the fire department will help you with car seats?"
John looked as if he was going to argue. There was no way he was going to be willingly locked up. It went against every one of his instincts.
Castiel sat there for hours, imagining a world away from this. On TV, the omega would be courted by a sweet beta or alpha before finally mating, and having children, and living happily ever after. It was a lie. The only thing alphas did was abuse omegas, force them to mate, and hurt them whenever they did anything wrong. He'd seen the looks on some of the omega's faces when they came back here. They were even more desolate and withdrawn as they watched their alphas auction for yet another omega. Castiel felt tears run down his face but quickly wiped them away from his face. Showing despair was not tolerated.
"You talked to those two, and we didn't hear from you for months. What else could we think except you were working with them."
The door closed in the sound of footsteps making their way through. Once she got in the living room entrance, she turned in gave him a wicked smile with a raised eyebrow.
Dean was going to open one more search result when he heard the shuffling of feet and mumbling voices coming down the hall. He looked toward the clock and saw that several hours had passed by while he was going down the rabbit hole of research.
The two woke up with the sun shining directly in their eyes. Dean quickly woke up, feeling stiff in his back. Sam curled into his older brother's arms more, trying to go back to sleep.
She kept digging through the dirt, trying her best to keep her airways clear. For what seemed like hours, she dug through what she knew to be six feet of dirt until reaching up, she felt nothing but a breeze. She had finally reached the surface. Giving herself one last push, she breathed in fresh air for the first time while shimmying out of the ground.
"Even if you monitor the entire thing? I really need to make a call. Doesn't everyone get one call?" Dean ended sarcastically.
"Only for the lower doses. That dose that I had was a powder in a capsule. The nurse noticed that the capsule wasn't closed properly. Someone filled it with something else."
"Cassie," Lucifer calmly said into his brother's ear, "There was nothing more he could do. He did everything right, and that's me saying that."
The blush that had left Cas's face quickly came back as she finished uttering the words. She was on par with his brother, Gabriel. Before he could stutter out another response, there was a loud knocking on the door.
Emily walked around the cage John was in and looked for the door. When she found it, she saw that it was a lot simpler to get out of than hers. It was a simple latch to undo. She assumed the hunter was far gone if he was unable to get himself out.
"Do I not get a say in this?" Cas asked the two. "What if Dean and I had plans of what we wanted to do?"
Even though his hands were surrounding his burger, you could hear the air quotes surrounding the words. Dean just shook his head, amused while returning to his burger himself. After more time than what was usually necessary, Emily cam back. The area around her eyes was unusually red, and she was quietly sniffling.
"Let me guess?" John said grimly from the corner of the room. "The two of us go back to the basement."
The three quieted at the sound of the front door opening. They looked toward the door and watched Bobby walk into the room.
Emily looked at him with an evil smirk. "The height difference," she said while wagging her eyebrows.
"Okay, sweetie." Mary turned back around to the cashier giving the girl behind the counter the order and the credit card the boys gave her. They got their ice cream and receipt quickly before heading outside again.
"You guys were looking for me?" Dean asked Sam as the pup pressed his face into his brother's shoulders. While the pup wasn't paying attention, Dean made sure to lower the screen so no one could see what was on it.
Sam knocked on the door little ways down the hallway while Dean and Cas held back. The two of them kept their arms around themselves, having a quiet conversation amongst themselves. Sam held his hand up to knock again when the door opened and John was seen on the other side. From the inside, Sam could hear a news reporter talking about flooding the next state over from a heavy rainstorm.
By this point, Mary had pushed her way into the room and was looking around. Her eyes landed on her other son and the angel still dosing away in the other bed.
"We've had to work long enough to find alphas for you who won't mind your... dalliances," Naomi explained.
"So we have an almost pack of pups on our hands. I hope you're ready, Dean," Amara said with a laugh. "I'm sure that Cas will help you through."
"Thanks, Bobby," Sam said not long before Bobby hung up. Tp Dean, he said, "well, this just got more difficult."
He grabbed the paper and realized that it was a check. Dean didn't count the number of zeros on it before tearing it into small pieces and stuffing the bits in his pocket. "Leave before I have you arrested for trespassing."
The three of them took the lead in trying to an entrance into the sewers. After a couple of minutes, they found a manhole in the center of the street. Sam and Dean both leaned to pick it up before lighting the hole with flashlights.
"Thanks, Bobby," Dean said. Instead of an answer, they heard the dial tone. "Want to call it a day?" Dean asked his brother.
Hearing two pairs of footsteps walk in, Sam sat slightly up to see who it was. Seeing the omega, the pup quickly reached out for him and curled into his chest, taking deep breaths.
"Hey, guys. I found some more protective charms, so I'm making some just in case. Celine is in the back boiling water, so she'll be back soon."
"Unfortunately," Celine agreed. "If Emily is strong enough ward off this summoning, there's no clue how many are going to come this way, or how quiet they're going to be when they do."
Dean, with a smirk, walked around the back of the couch in case Sam decided to get revenge. Dean pushed against Castiel's shoulder, signaling for him to scoot up some so he could squeeze himself between the arm and the angel. As soon as he hit the cushion, his arms wrapped around the angel, resting his arms against the softening stomach. Cas then tilted his head back and whispered into Dean's ear.
Dan butted in, completely confused as to what was going on. "What's going on? What exactly are you guys doing."
The children instantly hopped into a line, giggling in their excitement at the adventure they were sure to go on. Dean felt himself slowly being lead to the back of the line, where several of the children looked behind them to see why an adult was getting in line with them. At the giggling, Maddie quickly hid behind Dean's leg, hoping to not be seen.
"It's a mess, but we have a murder board and yarn connecting everything," Charlie mentioned. "Looks like a TV set, if we're honest."
Escorting the omega to the passenger side, Dean heard him say to himself, "she's beautiful." Dean felt his affection for the man grow tenfold. Opening the passenger door, as the omega was getting in, he wondered out loud. "How much would you bet that your brother is watching us through the blinds?"
It was a teacher workday for Sam's school, but Dean still had to come to work. Sam was excited to be able to visit Dean's workplace. He was never able to come any time before, and Sam saw it as an adventure. The pup was carrying a heavy book bag with all of the things he felt he needed for the day.
Out on the open road, Dean was driving with Mary and John in the back. It was a hard-fought battle for the passenger seat, but John ended up relenting. Sam was still sitting smugly as he claimed his seat. Dean just sat there driving in the awkward silence. The night before had been awkward with the changing of drivers since no one wanted to stop. Almost to the city limits of Charleston, Dean let himself relax some. Soon, they would not be in close quarters with one another.
"Yes, ma'am. I am the supervisory agent in charge of investigating this case. My duties were more so geared toward the human trafficking angle that this case took. After possible murders were implicated as well, I brought in another agent to primarily work murders so that I could focus on the trafficking component."
After taking a deep breath, she continued. "So, I have the legions of heaven to thank for g getting married and having my sons?"
Slowly, one by one, children left as parents came to collect them, and more personal came in to investigate the van, trying to get anything they could. Lastly, Maddie's mother arrived, sobbing, thanking Cas for saving his daughter, and also went to the police asking if they knew anything before reluctantly leaving as well.
She watched as he left the room to walk upstairs. She started to walk toward him before a hand grasped her arm. Turning around, she saw it was Sam.
Mary quickly opened her eyes when she heard banging on the door. She sat up from her position trying to get her bearings. Sam was engrossed in whatever he was looking at, while Dean moved away from Cas to answer the door.
"Director Hendrickson! You said earlier that this was a long case in the making. Is there any reason for this?"
Out of breath, Emily continued. "I just thought you guys were just weird people who cosplayed in everyday life. But there are just too many things adding up."
As their boarding group number got closer to being called, Cas felt Dean begin to tense up, knowing that they would be trapped in a flying cylinder within the next half-hour. Cas tightened his grip, trying to give off some of his calm energy through touch.
"If I remember correctly, usually their spells need fresh ingredients, so wouldn't finding possible supplier help as well."
"She just mentioned this book series about brothers who hunt monsters. She said it was the best series ever. What was it called again? Supernatural, was it?"
Dean had finished cleaning away dinner. Trying to feed three pups was difficult. He had just finished putting the last dish away when he heard soft footsteps come into the kitchen.
Dean choked on his water while Amara laughed out loud, and Lucifer groaned into his hands. The three children looked at the adults with confusion, not getting what was said, before going back to the food set in front of them.
Castiel turned his back on his older brother and walked out of the living room. Lucifer's face was somewhat overcome with surprise that his brother spoke up to him. Dean went to follow the omega, and anger was soon replaced on his face. Obviously, the bastard lured his romantic-at-heart little brother with a confession. Lucifer vowed to convince his brother otherwise. He walked out of the living room and into the hallway and watched the two leave the house.
Unsetting the alarm and opening the door, Dean set a stern expression on his face before talking to the man before him. "Do you have any idea how early it is?"
"May the record show that the older Mr. Novak shook his head no. Ms. Harvelle, if you would continue?"
When they pulling into the library, they went to the area they left their father. He was nowhere to be seen and all the books that had been there having been gone. They were about to go search for him when he appeared behind them with a stack of books.
The mothers have silent nods of assent while looking between Cas and Dean. Cas turned around to address the rest of the class at their nods, so he didn't see the inquiring looks being given to his back.
"With your busy life, how did you meet? Did you run into each other at the grocery store? Or better yet, you did something, and he came out to yell at you, but once the two of you locked eyes, life just fell into place."
"Whatever," Sam said gathering up the books. He walked to the front desk to drop off the many books that they had grabbed.
Sam looked at the man with squinted eyes, clearly not believing him. Cas gave him a soft smile, nonetheless.
Quickly taking a look at the list in his hand, he answered: "We should be able to get everything else from the office supply store."
Mary nodded her head at the girl. Then, after a few beats, she continued. "I looked up the book series you talked about earlier. Turns out I had read it, I just forgot what it was called." Sam telling her almost everything a few days ago should count as reading the books.
"You should give her soup," a voice called from the back. Both men looked back toward the pup with some confusion. "She said she got sick. Dean always gives me soup when I'm sick. It makes me feel better."
"But...," Lucifer stuttered before halting at the stern look he got from his brother. "Fine," he huffed under his breath and walked away.
"It was left after our parents came to take Cassie, and you're telling me it's not a warning?" Lucifer asked incredulously.
"I don't know what's it's trying to say," Lucifer said, walking back toward him, "but they did leave a message."
"You will never touch a single hair on these girl's heads," Emily said. Her voice came out emotionless.
"Apparently, this is a good place for rich folks to move to. I never understood it either. They put money into the schools, though."
He kept flipping through the book, trying to find a starting place. Dean groaned and picked one as well. Mary reached over her two boys and grabbed one as well. "What time period are we looking at?" she asked as she flipped through."
The group raced to find a stairwell that would lead to the third floor. At the far end of one of the hallways, the five quickly made their way up the stairs to the third floor. They promptly filled out the hallway that led to another seemingly empty hallway. This time there was grunting that was heard farther in. Not wasting time being stealthy, they raced to find where the noise came from. In the middle of the hallway, they saw Emily being pushed back by an unseen force before rolling out of the way, where Cas soon took residence as the demon fought him in the direction. Emily jumped on the demon's back, seemingly trying to strangle it with her forearm and scratching at his eyes with the other hand. The demon instead back into the wall several times, trying to get the girl off his back, but she didn't seem to budge even when the demon knocking their heads together. When all that was going on, there was no way they would get a clear shot. Finally, the demon had turned so that he was facing the group in the hallway.
Mary and Sam coordinated where they were going to meet as Mary and Castiel walked out of the building and through the streets to meet up with the boys.
Castiel took a small device from his pocket and held it out to her. After fiddling around with it for a while, she figured out how to call Sam.
"Looks like someone learned to ring a bell since she was last here," Dean called through the door before unlocking it and opening it wide, expecting Amara and company on the other side.
Before Dean would respond, a wild head of blue hair walked into the kitchen, softly mumbling about coffee.
"If they have, I don't know. Amara and Donna suggested keeping the two investigations separate if Momma and Dad Novak decided to look into what happened to their people. It won't do much good having them connected to murder cases. Also, in case they get a call about the info, there's no reason for them to be killed."
Dean was about to open his mouth to ask another question when he heard the pattering of feet coming down the stairs. Cas pulled himself out of Dean's arms and moved to the kitchen sink. He turned on the tap and patted the tears away. Lucifer tried to calm down, hoping that his anger would be cleared out of the room before the pup arrived.
"Well, yeah," Lucifer shrugged. "What's she going to do, threaten to cut my knot off? It's not like I'm doing anything with it. Anywho, hurry up. The rest of us want cake."
"Apparently Dad was a lot more active in his life," Sam said bitterly. "They would go to baseball games together."
The teen looking at him, squinting her eyes, sizing him up. Not seeing anything deceptive about his look or aggression in his stance, she made a decision. "We need to get her out of here before it gets worse." The girl grabbed her friend around the waist, hoisting her so that the whimpering omega could stand but carried all her weight. Dean escorted the two girls out, making sure no one stood up or made any move toward them.
"I was just thinking back on my memories, and I don't feel the same way I did. He's not the same guy I 'fell in love with.' He's just so angry. I just don't know what to do," she said desperately.
"You don't have to say anything. Given the amount of crap you boys have been through, you deserve it. The house was foreclosed on anyways so that bank was selling it for pennies practically. You just have to keep up the payments, which should be easy with your cleared identities."
"In the case of Zachariah and Naomi Novak v. the People, we will have the people represented by Ms. Ellen Harvelle while the Novaks will be represented by Ms. Abbadon Daemon. I know this is a case the seems to be of national interest, but I will have no-nonsense going on in my courtroom. Everyone will be expected to be on their best behavior. Thank you to the jury for being here with us today. Your job with be to determine the guilt or innocence of the defending party based on the evidence and testimonials you will hear over the next few days. Now, Ms. Harvelle, if you would give your opening statement, please."
"Can we just go back, get some sleep, and pick this up in the morning. We'll come up with a plan in the morning. Bobby is also looking into this, so maybe he's come up with something."
"You're probably right. You know him much better than me. How about the two of us catch up? The last time we talked... well, you couldn't talk."
"In older cities, the sewer systems are either simple or the older ones have been completely decommissioned, and no one goes into them anymore."
As if the universe wanted to make a huge joke, the air around them slightly displaced and the sound of wings flapping filled the room. A tall, dark figure in a trench coat was standing in the center of the room, sending John and Mary cowering back. Sam, Dean, and Bobby hardly flinched after getting used to it. The figure turned toward the trio, ignoring the two on the other side of the room.
Both brothers followed the orders and rushed up the stairs, where the sound of a shotgun going off, followed by a groan, was heard. After dealing with the two demons who were still in the hallway. Searching for the last two, a strong gust of wind ran through the house. The sound of wind breaking was heard. Following the sound, they were led into the guest bedroom. Looking around, they saw nothing until suddenly, the closet door had opened.
Dean led Sam outside and into the Impala. He was talking all about what they had done today in class. Apparently, today was a fun day filled with finger painting. Sam said that he painted their backyard while the other children drew the wolf version of themselves. Dean could hear the sadness in the pup's voice as he listened to this, but there was nothing he could really do about it other than ensure that he knew that he would shift when it was time. He also asked the pup what the other children who didn't draw wolves were. Hearing this question, the pup perked back up and explained what the other children drew.
"Of course he does, John," Mary said with a confused look. "You saw his wings earlier. What do you think those shadows were?"
"Seriously, is anyone going to tell me what's going on?" Emily interrupted. "The secretness is getting kind of annoying."
"Not likely. I would know my parent's scent from anywhere. It's just not here. It's as if they were never here."
"I see you need more time to think about this," Zachariah with a mock understanding voice. "We'll leave for now. I'm sure that you will be able to..."
Bobby was even harder to get through. Every question asked was met with a look of distrust. This thing got the trust of Bobby first before getting to his sons. He had to have heard the stories supposedly how they were supposed to save the world from an apocalypse. They could be considered useful for the other side to get their hands on. If only he could get through to all of them.
Emily woke up with a pounding in her head. She immediately closed her eyes and tried to ward off the pain. She didn't remember drinking a whole lot last night. In fact, the last thing she remembered was hiding with...
"Of course, now is when her power comes through," the demon muttered angrily under breath. Emily made a determined march to the demon, not letting him out of her sight.
Dean chuckled at his little brother, instantly going back to sleep before letting out a yawn now that the atmosphere had calmed down. "I think he has the right idea. Think you can go back to sleep?"
As the entire court stood, a tall black man in a long black robe walked to the front with several papers shuffled in his hands before sitting down. The rest of the courtroom joined him before he started.
"We were here to pick those two up," Dean said motioning toward Cas and Mary, "Now we're interested in the book."
"Even if you meet the rest of my family? To them, I am the cursed one of the family, being an omega."
A young feminine voice was muttering about how she thought she could trust someone. Inching around the corner some more, they could see what looked like a hospital ward. White beds covered the room, most of them were empty besides one in the far corner. A blonde woman was leaning over a smaller girl who was strapped to the bed lying still. As soon as they were in the archway of the room, the woman spoke out loud.
"Well, he wasn't even trying to hide anything," Benny explained. "Blah, blah. She shouldn't have left him. Blah, blah. How sare she get a new alpha? Blah, blah. How dare she have a kid with him. Blah, blah. He had a right to his kids. You know, the usual."
"Why do you think they're cute? They were whispering so much, trying to keep it a secret. Good try, though. They're just a bunch of faggots throwing themselves in front of everyone, showing things no one wants to see."
"Right," he responded with suspicion. Dan gave his wife a strange look to which she responded with a roll of her eyes.
Cas waited another minute before moving to scold Gabe for wasting his time when a woman popped on the screen with the breaking news banner running along the bottom of the screen.
The two watched the small family in front of them. Emma had lost interest in walking for a second by a bright butterfly that landed in her hair. She kept turning to the right, trying to see the insect until it had flown away.
"Detective Winchester." Dorothy started. "This is Ms. Bellum, the children's aunt. I figured we would come in early to get everything set up, assuming that you would need to get your brother to school."
John looked up and just saw the thing in front of him just standing in front of him looking as if nothing had happened.
In front of her still stood John, who was shaking, which she was... Well, she didn't want to think about that right now.
"You would have been too young," Michael explained. "I remember something similar happening when Lucifer was younger."
"Well, since we're at the end of the school year, you can stay in my class. It would be more trouble to move you, especially since you're going to have a new teacher next year anyway."
"What reporters did find interesting was that while the raids were occurring, there was no information being released about the Novaks four children: Michael, Lucifer, Gabriel, and Castiel. We can only assume what this means and their possible connection with their parent's potential crimes.
"Well, that's done," Celine told them. "I've been standing for far too long." She turned right back around and went back into the shop, Emily following closely afterward.
Dean rubbed the back of his head at the disapproval that clearly showed on the omega's face. "We've been having trouble with his parents coming around trying to take him back and whatnot. He's too scared to leave the house most of the time."
Sam and Dean burst out in laughter. After the tense conversation they had, they weren't expecting an outburst like that. Soon, they compressed their laughter into slight chuckles.
"Well, supply shipments don't just happen in a day. Also, getting all the equipment set up is just a pain, especially when it doesn't work. I left after the drop to get here early this morning. Haven't heard if we got anything or not. Knowing them, we probably got nothing... again."
"Anyway," Kali rolled her eyes before turning back to Amara, "how long have you been working on this current case? The news said this has been a long case."
"What are we waiting for?" Mary said, already moving back toward the truck. Bobby quickly followed after her.
"I could take them in for the night as a last-ditch effort." After Dorothy gave him a strange look, he continued. "I'm raising my five-year-old brother. That way, they won't be alone for the night. They also seem quite comfortable with me already."
"I don't know," Lucifer snapped. "I never thought they would show up in our lives ever again. They pretty much disowned me in all but paperwork."
"Yes, ma'am. Through our investigation of these shell companies and how the money moved, we could link the smaller money transfers in the beginning to the Novaks. No company was being sent through that the Novaks were not intimately linked to, such as owning the company, being on the executive board, et cetera. Any money decisions would have to go straight from the Novaks for anything to get done. There was no part along with the movement of the money that did not start or end with them. At all times, the buck would have had to go through them."
"And what's that? Lurking off by yourself. We have barely had one civil conversation with one another. How about asking your son's how they've been? How about getting to know what they've been up to? Their interests? How about getting to know our son-in-law better? You haven't made an effort."
Castiel scooted further into his arms while his breathing slowly deepened. Dean stayed awake until he was sure that his omega had gone to sleep once again.
"Probably the library," Sam mentioned. "Try and look up something that would do what we are seeing."
Sam just stared at his brother. A couple of years ago, he would never bet on his brother being this happy, much less having a baby on the way with an angel. Dean was getting directions from Cas as to where he and their mother had gone. It was a quick conversation, ending in "I love you."
Castiel ignored him, hoping that he wasn't the one being talked to. He was probably talking to someone behind him. It was just where one of the lights was that shone the shadow in his direction.
"So, it's safe to say that the symbol she was wearing is an actual anti-possession symbol," Mary asked, getting back on topic.
"Not on their own. We continued looking into the corporations they had set up and even sent more agents in to investigate those corporations. Some even got jobs so that we could completely understand the structure of such entities. We didn't take the documents solely at face value. I assure you, we thoroughly investigated every single piece of evidence we received."
The tech led them up the spiral staircase that sat in the middle of the home. They passed by several open doors, a variety of bedrooms, and a bathroom. One thing Dean noticed right away was that many of the bedrooms were dirty with kid's toys.
"You know," Dean mentioned to Sam as he squatted next to his brother, "Eating slowly isn't going to prevent you from going to school."
Dean grabbed the T-shirt he left at the foot of the bed and slide out of the bedroom. One the way down, he heard a door in front of him open. Looking up, he saw Sam stand at his door, wiping the sleep from his eyes.
"Don't tell me that. I know she's here; the spell since us directly here." He looked over the entire group again. "I guess no one wants to speak. So, I'll start with the obvious newcomer to the group."
Dean had an interesting day at work. The majority of it was spent getting into the system and filling out insurance information. By the time that he had finished, it was time to pick Sam up from school.
"I'll get it," Dean announced while getting up, leaving Cas to face the woman with the Cheshire smile and three confused children.
Jody just nodded. "Yeah, weirder stuff's happened. Especially when those three are involved." The last part was said with a mock look of disappointment crossing her face.
"What?" Cas asked her, opening his eyes and whipping his head toward her again before realizing that was a terrible idea.
"I've called the police. They said they would be here soon," she told Dean before turning back to the phone after seeing the state of the would-be captors. "You should also send an ambulance. They look badly injured."
"All I can tell you is that he's done it a few times. If he wants to tell you, he'll do it himself."
"Of course. You know how much of a softie he is when it comes to you. Never would lie about anything to do with your safety. I would have been stupid not to."
"Did you take something?" she asked. "You know that drugs are really bad for you, right? Didn't you learn that in school?"
"It is. Symbology is very important. I wouldn't be surprised if they did this to keep others from reading it. I have some reference books in the back. I don't know if they go as far back as we're assuming these are from, but it might be a start since symbols don't change for just any reason."
"Yes, I didn't realize it when I first heard the address, but it's about a five-minute walk... north of here."
The passenger door opened later. Dean lifted his head and looked toward Benny, who was no getting in. He looked just about as tired as he was. Outside, they heard Donald being rowdy with the officers ushering him to the patrol car.
"Go to the library. Wasn't Sam wanting that new book he was talking about? What a great way to spend the day. Take Christie and Steve with you. Thanks. Love you. Bye."
"We found out that Castiel's medication was tampered with," Amara said with a professional tone. "Thus, rendering his heat suppressants completely useless. This would have been two months ago when he last got his medication filled. Once you stop taking heat suppressants, it takes about a month for your body to reregulate your cycle. Two days before Cas went heat, there was the attempted kidnapping attempt. For this reason, I only have reason to believe that the Novaks were somehow connected in the tampering."
Sam, Dean, and Mary walked away from the coffee maker toward the kitchen table. John grabbed a mug, filling it, before turning around and squinting at the three innocently sitting around the table.
"Thanks," Benny said, handing the picture to the tech. Turning back to Dean, he said, "I think it's time you met Charlie," before walking toward an exit.
Sam gave her one of his patented bitch-faces before doing an about-face and going to shower. The sound of high pitched giggling followed after him.
He expected to hear the harsh screaming of his parents and a slap across his face. Instead, he felt himself being shaken.
"Down in Sioux Falls, South Dakota. Just nothin of here. It takes about seven hours by car, so we're going to have to hitch-hike."
"We'll explain it to you," Dean sighed, indicating for all of them to go back into the conference room.
"How dare you use my weakness against me?" Amara mockingly yelled at Lucifer before turning to the omega curled into her and softly muttered to him. "Come on, puppy, let's go downstairs. I bet that you didn't eat last night."
Castiel felt tears running down his face as he whimpered. Why were his parents trying to sell him? Wasn't he good? Only when he felt someone touch his cheek did he scream out. "Don't touch me! Leave me alone!"
"I have it here," Amara mentioned, digging into her purse for a plastic baggy with the used test in it.
They continued to work while sipping on beer in the comfortable silence both did not know too well considering their history. There was no underlying tension, feelings of betrayal nor having to constantly watch their backs. It was the life both hoped for and wished would last longer this time.
Castiel ushered the three children in front of him and pushed them to go inside. The three crowded their way into the living room, the headquarters of the week for the three little ones to be. Amara was out of town for whatever reason. She didn't go into depth.
Sitting back down on the couch, Cas opened the blankets some more while Jody went to sit on his other side so that Mary could still see the baby. This time, the sweet things eyes were open staring at the faces in front of her with interest. The eyes were a dark blue on the cusp of turning a different color. Mary suspected green.
He carefully got into bed, hoping not to disturb his omega, and wrapped himself around him. Nose firmly tucked into the omega's neck, hoping to get a new scent and placing a soft hand on his abdomen.
From behind the door, Mary walked out with a gigantic smile on her face. Instead of waiting for any of the guys to say anything, she was ducking around the two of them and walked out the door. As soon as she saw Dean and Cas, she raced toward them, although, from where Sam was standing, it looked like she was focusing more of her attention on Cas. From the corner of his eye, he saw John glowering, but he made sure to straighten his face when Sam turned back around.
"So there was some big powerful alpha that took down armies?" Lucifer guessed sarcastically. "So your grandfather had an itch you were going to be an alpha and wanted you to feel better and be a big tough alpha when you grew up?"
Lucifer took a deep breath before he started yelling at the southern alpha. Before he could speak, Dean interrupted.
Lucifer stretched out once a beam of light hit his eyes. His back was tight after spending the night on the couch. From the corner of his eye, he saw a dark figure sitting to his left. He instantly went for his gun that wasn't there before facing the person head-on.
"It never came up? This isn't something that you wait for an opening to talk about. You just pick up the phone and go, 'hey, Gabe. By the way, our parents are murderers.'"
Everyone turned and saw a red-faced Naomi where she stood, chair fallen behind there. She stood there opening and closing her mouth before the words she wanted to say came out of her mouth.
"Different relationships?" Cas asked him. Of all that they complained to him about there being a book series about them, they never mentioned anything about relationships.
She gave him a shocked look. "Why, of course. I send them on quests and everything. They can't do anything without me."
As if on cue, the door opened wide, barely making a sound. Emily turned around and looked at it, bringing her hands up into fists, expecting someone to come through. Instead, there stood an empty hallway with the continued crying, now louder with the door out of the way.
"We bounced around from town to town every couple of weeks or so," Sam continued. "My first memories are of motel rooms and Dean being the only one there most of the time."
John quickly opened his eyes and sat upon the bench, ignoring the pounding and feeling of dizziness. In front of him stood a female officer with a gigantic smirk.
