“Like I keep telling you, Gabriel is not just any kitsune. He’s a rare nine-tailed fox. He is immensely powerful, and he likes humans. But he’s mercurial so we must be careful.” He waved at Gabriel again, who was just grinning happily and chewing. One of his tails had popped out in his joy over the tofu and was wagging almost supersonically.
He opened his eyes again, and, surprisingly, found the boy and omega still standing there warily. Distantly, he noted that the omega’s eyes glittered green in the afternoon light, his freckles dark against his skin, paled with anger and fear, and, when another faint breeze swirled past him, it carried his sweet scent to Castiel like a trial from God.
“You must have had your First Communion and be chosen to serve.” He looked up at Dean with those guileless blue eyes that, for some reason, really pissed him off. He added, “You also have to be under the age of eighteen.”
“I honestly don’t know, man. We need to figure out what this is, first? I mean, I’ve never heard of Wesen-specific rabies, and that’s sort of what this is looking like.” He pointed at Nikolai. “He’s not showing as many signs as he did as a Wesen, Cas said, and the fact is the doctor
“Who are you?” She snarled, her black rimmed lips curling in warning that was more fear than anything.
He ran over to the collapsed tengu, kneeling next to him, but there was no life left in him. His skin was even paler, and his flesh had been fileted off his chest as well as part of his right wing, as if he tried to protect himself from the blow. Blood had bubbled from his lips, as the claws had managed to get deep enough to rip a lung, and his blue eyes were closed.
“Okay,” he wheezed, as they loaded him into the cab of the truck and ignoring the string of pretty petty words Bobby was hanging up like tinsel about his condition, “I’ll… I’ll give up burgers. But if you make me give up pie, I’m just gonna let the human race die out.”
Castiel opened his mouth to ask what they were doing when the door opened again to admit Michael, who seemed to be pulling someone behind him. He was obviously holding the person’s hand and, all the way from the door, the scent of caramel apples trickled in.
He snarled, trying to leap forward to attack, claws out. Dean stepped backwards out of range, while Cas stepped between them, and Abram and Benny caught him before he could get far.
There was a knock at her door, startling her. She looked to the glowing numbers that told the time and saw it was still early, only nine in the evening. She walked to the door, paused to make sure she was wearing clothes, and opened the door.
"Oh, God help me," Cas murmured gruffly and shuffled close again. "It’s not your fault! Dean…I decided to dedicate myself to God and His will. I cannot divide myself or I will fall into idolatry.” He groaned and nuzzled against Dean’s jaw, while–with each touch of Cas’s scruff–the feeling of being
I'm sorry. I struggled to make this work, and I almost gave up because... things. making sense. hard to do.
Abram suddenly broke in, “I think the last body to die of the illness is at the doctor’s office, in the morgue until it is properly prepared for burial.”
In comparison, these alphas smelled like watered-down piss, with the sweaty, druggy overtones that stank sickeningly like patchouli. It felt glued to the back of his throat, and he wanted to cough and hack it out.
Sam rubbed his face with his hands and blew out a frustrated sigh. “Okay, so what’s a New-rah-ree-hee-on thing? Explain it.”
Swiftly, she ran, still in human form, ignoring the dark eyes from shadowed corners, her passing a blessing to a few, as their nightmares were stripped from them. She was once a divine beast; she could not completely subdue her true self, even as infected and contaminated by hatred as she was. She still hungered for those dark dreams, pulling them into herself as base fodder. Her being now needed different sustenance, food that would grant her power and, more importantly, vengeance.
The Lucifer guy had a grip on Cas’s arm and seemed to be trying to stop him from freaking out as Michael (obliviously) finished the introductions.
He pulled off his shirt with a grimace, the bruise on his shoulder aching with each move. He rubbed a hand over the hot flesh again and groaned at the aching throb. He was going to have to be careful until it healed or Sam was going to notice.
Anguish stabbed through Dean’s chest, almost as painful as the claws ripping out his luck, and he said quietly, “C’mon Cas. Let’s go rest in my room. We can listen to some music or something.”
I’m going to leave you. Now, scoot. To the table.” Dean swatted Cas on the ass to help propel him forward, which he did move, albeit slowly and with great malcontent.
But Castiel couldn’t focus on that. He squeezed shut his eyes, ignoring the sound of the omega’s voice, the smell of arousal, fear, and anger from the omega, ignoring the raging desires of his Alpha to hold the omega down and
Bobby looked up from where he was working with the map and pointing out where the last sigil-removing team had disappeared. “And you idjits let her scare you off?”
“Bobby, no.” Dean’s shoulders were stiff and he was frowning into his cup like the answers to life were in its dark-roasted depths. “He’s at school. I can’t involve him.”
The host swooped in and showed Michael a wine bottle. Dean watched Michael sniff, swirl, and taste the wine, before declaring it good, and Dean decided he had to stop rolling his eyes or they were going to get stuck that way.
When Akira got clear, Gabe released the oni’s arm and leaped towards Dean. Gabe knocked his shoulder into the blue oni’s back with all his strength and watched him stumble forward, only to trip over Dean and smack into the barrier face first.
Dean chuckled again and pushed himself upward, meeting Cas’s lips. He wasn’t surprised when Cas surged up and rolled them so Dean was on his back. They kissed desperately, as if, somewhere inside, they were afraid it was all still a dream and they didn’t know when reality would again intrude.
The smug smirk on Gabe’s face made Sam want to smack him off the table, but he refrained. “What? What do you mean?”
The bird started to look shifty again, and Dean suddenly got the urge to whack it into the wall again. “Night Parade,” he snapped. “What about the rest?”
He threw himself back on his bed and, putting his hands behind his head, he stared at the ceiling.  He didn’t even know what he had done to make Cas freak out like that.
He heard but didn’t comprehend Bobby’s, “Did you do something to him again?” And even Dean’s defensive, “I haven’t done shit! You were with me when I walked in! He just went all…
Bobby turned up from behind him with a plate of toast, fried eggs, and bacon. “Mostly cursed weapons and some with just plain bad luck.”
The swearing and the low chuckle made Castiel break into a sweat, made his heart speed up, and Castiel was sure he stank of aggression and arousal.
The tag for dub-con has been added because of this and the next couple of chapters. The characters are not really "themselves," thanks to mating hormones, so... the consent is dubious.
Castiel turned back and finished putting the water and grounds in the machine like he had seen Bobby do so many times now. He flicked the on switch and turned to face Gabriel.
Dean Winchester had not been born yesterday. He had known what a blowjob was. What had never happened was someone boldly
They strolled away arm-and-arm to check out the new artist (something in abstract florals), but not quite fast enough to miss Dina’s “They’ll be the
Akira came briskly back about fifteen minutes later, carrying the disgusting looking bead with no fear. “Ichiren-Bozu here told me about the yōkai, the contract, and the curse slash bond-mate sitch.”
It’s a simple bouquet (as were most of them), and Cas looks up as Dean trots in. “Fidelity and true love, huh?”
“Some trampled grass. A muddy bare footprint. That’s it.” Abram shifted awkwardly as Liza showed back up and gave them all a hard expression.
“Gamboni Family was busy last night,” Benny comments as he grimaces at his paperwork, his cajun accent extra thick from exhaustion and disgust. “Six people doin’ nothin’ but eatin’ Chinese food in a backroom an’ playing Mahjong? Ya think it's a turf war?”
Frowning deeply, the woman sharply said in her clipped British accent, “I warned you to stay away from him! He’s
The blond squinted at Dean, tsked loudly, and said, “Sir, if you please, the lip balm. It’ll complete the look.”
Abram nodded, his dark shaggy hair flopping forward with the action. “Whatever you do, you must not go anywhere alone. There have been… a few murders.”
It's 3am, and the street is mostly empty of people. No witnesses means that he can reach out a hand and lightly take Cas’s fingers in his.
A hand snuck into his, and he looked over his shoulder to find Cas had wedged himself so he was standing next to Dean, his wings tucked in tight to his back. He gripped Cas’s hand and Cas smiled encouragingly. Coughing to release some his own tension, Dean said, “We have about five hours before dawn. How much time do we need to set up for an offensive?”
Shesh sat back, looking please with himself. "That was our ancestor," he said proudly, rubbing his hands together.
—and zipped through the city in a dangerous manner that made Dean nervous since he wasn’t in the driver’s seat. The traffic in St. Louis was worse than in Kansas City, and Dean wasn’t sure how Michael was buzzing through the traffic in some places like an angry—and damned expensive—hornet.
Cas was one bad motherfucker, Dean had to admit. Even Gabe had to give it to him, when it came to banishing spirits and not just eating or killing them. (It was a mystery what Gabe did with the vengeful ghosts he caught, until Dean caught him chewing on a jikininki’s leftover leg like a dog with a treat.)
The alpha had laughed, his tongue blue. “If this is your negotiation strategy, you need to up your game.” He had taken another sip from his Slurpee and said, “Blowjob.”
Castiel turned the heat up to high, noting absently the way the flames engulfed and licked around the edges of the pan, flickering over the sides. He dropped a fat pat of butter onto the pan, which melted immediately and began to turn black.
Joshua smiled softly and shook his head, leaning in conspiratorially. “Sam, I’m going to tell you something. Do you know what ‘true mates’ are?”
The old man’s skin was a burnished bronze of being naturally dark and of being in the sun so much. His face was covered in wrinkles, but they looked like they were almost decorative and he wore them proudly. He was wearing an old gray and red baseball cap that had definitely had better days, over a head of long hair that had gone almost completely white, and his down coat had quite a few patched spots on it. His eyes, however, were milky white, which made his staring eerie. He watched as the young woman walked he and Cas to the RV, and, although they didn’t say anything as they approached, he waved towards the other two fold up lawn chairs, which had also had better days.
Now, although Dean was aware that alphas adored Slick, he had never seen someone have a set up at their home. Not that he often went to anyone’s home, especially rich dudes, but watching Michael nearly shake as he put away the container of Slick to take a hit did make him vaguely uneasy.
Cas tried to mimic Dean’s motions, as just seeing the relief on Dean’s face was fascinatingly human, but it did nothing for him at all. At his core, the Flame of his life throbbed fitfully, and he stowed his new thoughts of impending mortality to follow along behind Dean.
The smell of bamboo and the ocean snaked around him, and he wasn’t surprised when he turned to find Michael leaning up against the bar next to him, smiling woozily. The hazel in Michael’s eyes was gone, leaving only swirling alpha red, and even that was a thin band around the darkness of his blown pupils. Not only high on Slick, Dean noted warily, but also fucking drunk, if the dark flush of color over the man’s cheeks and neck were any indication.
Okay, so I'm no expert at Aleut and there's some disagreement between sites about certain meanings, so if you KNOW it, and know I'm wrong, please tell me. I would rather be corrected than spread the wrong ideas.
Even worse, his sense of smell had decided to return with a vengeance when faced with Cas and his overwhelming stench of rage/possessiveness/violence, like it had just been waiting for his
Sam blew out a hard sigh, blowing up his bangs. “You can’t stay home tonight? I mean, it’s Thursday... how busy could a bar get on a Thursday?”
“Japanese.” The bird snorted like Dean was stupid. Dean started thinking about feeding the raven its own feathers, plucked from its own ass. “It’s the language of the Yumekui.”
“I… I was…not feeling well,” Dean said hesitantly. His nose was still dead; he suspected that if he got off the suppressant and scent blockers, he’d stink like a rotting fish in mid-summer.
to hold onto, the tingling, the heat, and the grip of Cas's hole making him pant and want more. He started bucking up as Cas bore down and the sensation was almost
Sam generally got home around 4, so Dean had done the laundry, cleaned up a bit, and made dinner. When the kid had finally busted through the door, the trailer had smelled like meatloaf and garlic mashed potatoes. Dean had even added a salad for the health-conscious dork.
The bird speared him with a hurt expression, but the shiftiness didn’t go away. “There… there are more than one hundred… yōkai who will walk in the Night Parade. In Japan, when it happens, it happens on summer nights. But here… the Baku’s presence will force them to appear, although autumn approaches. More than a hundred demons will emerge, led by Nurarihyon.”
this alpha? What if it makes him really unhappy? He’s been so unhappy the last couple of months and only recently has he started to smell like himself at all. I don’t even know what happened that he reeked of sorrow!”
Castiel considered his options. If he admitted to his brothers that he had had a *ahem* sexual awakening, he’d never hear the end of it. They would
“Sayonara, bitch,” he crowed triumphantly, twisting his grip and tugging on the chain with all his strength. The two sickles reared back towards him, their paths crossed and the thin silver blades glowing an intense white-gold under the sputtering light of the street lamps.
“Did you buy all this salted caramel for a reason or..?” Joshua lifted the large box off the office desk and raised an eyebrow.
He raised his dark eyes to Dean, who looked extremely angry and edgy but was waiting for his brother. “Young Omega, be at peace. It’s fine. Castiel has regained control of himself and he has realized what he’s done wrong, right?”
. He paused, as his brain shut down everything to analyze it, and, from somewhere deep inside, he realized it was the scent of an
“Please, Cas,” he begged breathlessly against Cas’s ear, shivering at the feel of his Alpha’s hard cock against his ass. He shimmied back a bit to feel it slide against the cleft, his slick lubing the way, and the friction almost too much for his heightened sense of touch.
Gabe eyed her and, popping out his lolly to point at her with it, said flatly, “So, you’re the big time medicine woman Bobby called in.”
Dean would focus on the command in his voice and used it to get his way, his temper flared and he snapped, “What the
looking, but I don’t see what the big deal is,” she muttered, her British accent making it sound even bitchier. She batted her long lashes at Dean, and stated more than asked, “So you’re here with Michael?”
“Our Dad’s a bounty hunter,” Sam piped up from across the room. “He’s trying to track someone down right now, so we’re on our own.” He paused to think for a moment, and he added, “Although Missouri does keep an eye on us, Dad decided Dean was old enough to take care of a place for a while.”
“Whatever,” Dean muttered, stretching out on the couch and covering his face with his arms again. “Just as long as he leaves them alone, it’s cool.”
“My apologies, brother,” he said, Gabriel’s reaction striking home how overwhelmingly unacceptable his response had been. “I… I just wasn’t prepared to see…” Castiel swallowed hard and he worked his dry throat for the words. “I didn’t know…Michael’s prospective mate was…”
Dean shook his head. “Doc said he sent samples to get tested. The… I don’t know? Fat test? Something? Whatever… he said it was negative.”
She moved to the father: a dream where he was at his desk, working productively; a dream where he was at a large sports’ arena cheering for his team; a dream where he was making love to a beautiful blonde woman he called 'Anna Nicole,' and who looked nothing like his wife; the terror of showing up to work naked and everyone laughing at him. She ate all of them, and watched the man shiver in his bed, his brow furrowed in a horror he didn’t understand.
When Dean woke up in the morning, he felt like he hadn’t rested enough. He scowled as he peered up at the out of focus black blob over his head. He heard a “Get out of bed you sleepy head,” before an ice cold washcloth was unceremoniously dropped on his face.
bad as it could have been. He got off at the ninth floor, shoving past a woman with her head tucked into her sweater neck and eyes glued to her phone, and a bicycle messenger who was chewing his gum too loudly and covering his nose with a sweaty-gloved hand.
But that was all the time it took for the big guy to get his feet under him. His eyes were glazed over with rage, barely tinged with alpha red, as he staggered up and made yet another uncoordinated run at Dean.
“Here,” she said confidently, snapping the cap onto her marker. “Those are the points we should check. I’m betting that she had to summon those yōkai in or around those spots in order to do this.”
“Did that onmyōji show up?” Dean asked, giving his brother a ‘give me a fucking break’ look, only to have it parried with bitchface #4, ‘Dean, you’re being a dick.’
But Cas, who had recently kept his distance from him, stroked Dean’s face with his wing-fingers and said, “I understand.”
Dean cringed in his seat as the bird and Bobby talked some more. It had already been an hour, and his head still hurt despite the pill Bobby had given him. He had, of course, vaguely known Bobby spoke Japanese, but he was only catching half the conversation, and the fact it was just the bird’s half irritated the shit out of him.
Joshua’s hum vibrated through the phone. “I imagine so.” He paused for a breath and added, “Sam misses you. He asks after you constantly. More so than Kevin or the other parishioners.” Chuckling faintly, Joshua murmured, “That boy has taken a real shine to you, Castiel. It’s a shame you’ve been gone so long.”
They hadn’t been meat puppets for alphas and even betas to parade around like prizes. It made Dean slightly angry. He was, he realized, one of the lucky ones that he received a suit that covered him from neck to toes, even if it was more form-fitting that he was used to.
Castiel apparently knew it too, and nervously shifted on the desk, the glow of his eyes dimmer than usual. “Dean…”
Dean took the backstairs and sighed as he crept into the shadowy back halls of Purgatory, his head down. When he came to a wide space with dark-green velvet couches and fine polished wood floors, he had made it to the brothel. A sign behind the front desk said ‘Purgatory’ in a golden script, while the lovely beta receptionist, Laura, worked on something on the computer.
Through hazy, pheromone-drugged eyes, Dean could see Joshua and a scared-looking Sam next to him. Joshua stalked up to Cas, scowling fiercely, and grabbed his shoulder. Dean cried out as Cas whirled with claws and fangs, his eyes pure red Alpha aggression. Joshua (and Sam) were in danger!
It was then he recognized the itchy, irritating feeling under his skin: he was about to go into rut.
The overwhelming powerful aroma of his Alpha made his knees weak and he trembled as he straightened and looked towards the open garage door.
There was some sort of audible action that Bobby could sense, but it still took more time than Bobby had the patience for the door to open.
Apparently there had been something in Dean’s gaze that scared Sam because he shuddered and backed off fast, his hands raised in surrender. “Capiche, capiche!”
Dean and Sam exchanged looks, and Sam said, “She made us. She didn’t do anything, but mock us that it was too late.”
A few of the pairs of hunters sent to find and possibly erase the grounding sigils were suddenly AWOL, and could not be hailed on their phones, nor did the GPS on them work.
He yanked off his belt and got his erection free, staring at it, betrayed. Filled, it hung huge, heavy, and hard between his thighs, its insistence painful, as the deep-red head tapped at his belly. He randomly thought about how graceful
” The sheer shock in his voice would have made him want to kick himself any other time, but the bead’s low-muttered, “Hello? Magic bird?” Did
She smiled as the sigils lit up, each burning into her flesh with a small sizzling sound, the gods accepting her sacrifices: the thousand human souls, the luck of the Righteous Man, and the willing womb of a corrupted baku.
Sam smiled softly. “Dean, I don’t care about gifts. I mean, if this will make you happy, you should do it. Don’t worry about me.”
However, this is ABO and rape is always around the damn corner for these worlds. In THIS world, it's illegal to rape anyone IF you're caught. It's harder to prove if you're an omega, because although they technically have the same rights, they're considered 'sluts' and objectified for their designation. The law usually just ignores them.
“If I need to learn something, I’m pretty fucking sure you’re not the one to teach me.” Dean’s voice was light, jovial almost. “Alphas like you are a dime a dozen, plain old third-levels thinking that, just because they got the alpha gene, they can bully the rest.” Castiel froze as Dean chuckled darkly. “Well, fuck that and fuck you. Now go away; I’ve got shit to do.”
Regardless, that didn’t mean that when the man trapped him, Dean didn’t get angry. Because he was seriously pissed.
Sam really couldn’t counter that, and he gave Dean a sad puppy-eyed look while poking at his new egg. “I’m sorry, Dean. I was just hungry.”
He was also looking forward to meeting the much talked about Sam, who Dean had finally called. Sam had bitched at Dean until Dean just hung up the phone to make him stop. Later, when Dean received a message from him, he had grumbled, although he had a tiny smile.
The receptionist (the little black nameplate with gold lettering on his desk said ‘Inias Chapel’) nodded and asked, “Your name?”
Like Dean was going to deliberately attempt to fuck it up and waste all the poor fox lives that had gone into it. Even if it was beautiful and soft, it still felt creepily like he was wearing a corpse or twenty.
Dean tried not to say anything as they crept out of the house, locking the door. Castiel went on. “The Baku is originally from Chūgoku, the Middle Kingdom. But she suffered some losses and fled to Japan, where, again, she was mercilessly hunted by men who wanted her pelt, and she eventually turned dark.”
The first time the Winchester Boys go to the rectory, they argue, nearly burn down the place, and get to eat nice sandwiches. Castiel manages to hold it together.
“Yeah, yeah, I’m the special leaf on the tree,” the fox said, throwing itself at Castiel and poofing into his second form: a white fox the size of a Boxer, wearing a small, pure-white shrine outfit with wooden sandals. He hugged Castiel hard and Castiel felt all the air squeezed out from his lungs in a strong whoosh.
Akira gasped. “No… not a kyuubi with only eight tails.” She looked up at him and asked, “And how did he take it?”
Heaving a bracing breath, Dean moved his hand and looked into Abram’s eyes, his hand still out, pleadingly. “Because I can see you.”
As he awkwardly stood there, feelng uncomfortable as fuck, a handsome man looking somewhat frazzled started to sweep past him. Dean opened his mouth to ask for help as he sailed passed, when the guy paused mid-step to turn and stare.
“Reassuring,” Dean muttered, flipping through the files. He found one that said, “Rostov, Daniil”  and started reading through it. “Well, just like you said. He went to Homer to have surgery and returned, complaining of flu-like symptoms two weeks later. He was already on antibiotics, so it couldn't have been bacteria based. Looks like the doc was going to send him back to Homer for a followup, but it never got done.”
Sam gave him an amazing ‘just you wait’ expression for a thirteen-year-old that sent Dean into peals of laughter, clutching his stomach and trying not to fall off the chair.
“Dean,” He said, and Dean groaned because it was his ‘sharing and caring’ voice. “You almost died out there by being smacked in the head with a baseball. Are you sure everything’s okay?”
. There it was. The faintest trace of cinnamon pralines, the honey-nutty scent setting his skin aflame amid the smells of oil, metal, and grease. He felt the growl in his throat and he somehow managed to prevent it from escaping him. From afar, Castiel felt his nails bite into the flesh of his palms as he wrestled for control.
: [BELIEF] In Japan, the first dream of the New Year is called "Hatsuyume" (初夢) and it is supposed to predict how your year will go. To dream of eggplant, Mt. Fuji, and a hawk during that first dream is supposed to predict amazing, just phenomenal luck.
He heard Bobby snort, “Idjits,” as he slammed the truck into drive, and felt Gabe curled into the curve of Dean’s body and agreeably grumble, “Dumbass.”
The guy shambled out, and Dean slid off his stool and dropped a five on the bar. He walked out behind the guy in a slow, deliberate stroll. He stopped at one point to light a cigarette (for show), mostly because the guy really did walk much slower than he did, and, because of that, he nearly missed the flash of pale skin and...was that a Japanese schoolgirl uniform?
me?” Dean felt the floor sway under his feet. He was rejected, he couldn’t smell anything, and he was being
Abram! Benedikt! You brothers are nothing but trouble! Why are you taking this outsider to the clinic? We don’t need help from people like him!
“My name is Yelizaveta.” She jerked her chin towards the man across from them. “This is Abram. He captains the
That sense of satisfaction roiled through Dean as Cas was wearing his old KISS t-shirt he had inherited from his dad (Dressed To Kill '75!) and jeans that were worn through at the knees. He automatically caught the phone when Cas tossed it to him.
Shaking his head at Dean sarcastic tone, he looked to the pixies again. Because there was no dusk approaching, the pixies looked as active as ever. Scowling, he realized they would have to do this regardless of how active the pixies were.
Sam threw himself at his brother, who caught him by the head and rubbed a noogie into it while Sam squealed and pummeled him.
He settles in a bit, back against the stiff wooden chair—and had just tugged at his tie a bit—when a short, curvy brunette with a heart-shaped face saunters up in a tight waitress’s getup with a gauze overskirt and tiny tray, dropping a napkin on the table and pushing her décolleté in his face.
. Sam could see the tengu’s male body was already skinny, although he’d say it leaned more towards ‘wiry’, but it was more than that. It was like a
Sam nodded, tugging at his coat, and Dean noted Sam’s army-green parka was already short in the sleeves and tight in the shoulders. Sighing, Dean grabbed the kid and hugged him. “C’mon. Let’s get us some cocoa.”
“Only one comes to mind is Fluvus Pestilentia, better known as the Yellow Plague, but it doesn’t affect them worse when they’re woged. It sort of forces them woge, since their, uh,
Gabriel smirked down at him in his human form, and said, “What ya doing there, Cassie? Playing wifey?”
Castiel rubbed his eyes hard with the balls of his hands, hard enough that bright spots bloomed in the darkness under his lids.
Castiel couldn’t help his eyebrows jumping upward in surprise. He asked slowly, “You’re just seventeen…?”
The house looked to be a good size, at least two stories. Everything was made of wood and upholstered with leather, a good choice for cleaning up. It was all done in natural shades and it was quite pleasant, if a tad dull. Dean supposed that they wanted the women to choose the shades for their den.
Dean tried not to cringe when he found the bedroom and there was nothing but some hair and a giant blood spot in there. He worked around the foul, rust-colored stain, and looked around for the entrance to the roof. He found nothing so he backed out quickly, trying not to breathe in the stench of drying and fermenting blood.
Michael curled Dean’s gloved-hand around his elbow and walked them slowly through the surging paparazzi, the brass stanchions and red velvet ropes on each side bulging as the photographers pushed and shoved. At least Dean doubted they got a good look at him as they managed to get into the hotel lobby, where they were then ushered into the private elevator used for VIP guests.
Cas shook his head. “I’m uncertain what he has. Perhaps we should take him back to his house and tomorrow, we will find these Birloga and talk to them?”
In contrast to Joshua, his brothers, Lucifer and Gabriel, were constantly teasing him and trying to lead him into temptation: bars, strip clubs, and even gambling dens. He ignored them, and they stopped when they realized that Castiel didn’t just sit in the corner, mortified. He found the nearest sad soul and started counseling them. It was annoying for them how consistent he was in his faith, and even more so that he pissed in their prank Cheerios every time they took him out.
: Capitalized Alpha/Beta/Omega is second-level or higher. Lower case alpha/beta/omega is third-level or in general.
Liza huffed out a sigh. “I’ll be right there.” She got up and walked to speak to an older couple closer to the window. Yana grinned at them, beautiful in her pink dress, her dark hair lovely and framing her round face. “So… you’re staying for a while,” she asked coyly.
Dean nodded. “I've worked with a lot of second-level Omegas for some reason. You’re my first pureblood, though.”
As it was, Kevin slipped in and out of his office as quietly as possible, dropping off papers carefully and slowly backing out, as if he were confronting a dangerous beast.
Cas smiles gently and cups Dean’s jaw. “When you didn’t show up on that Sunday, and you didn’t come to the show, I was extremely angry,” he admits, drawing his thumb over Dean’s bottom lip. “I was so angry, I came to your place on Tuesday and started yelling at your door, calling you terrible things…”
Dean took off running across the clearing, trying to keep as much space between himself and the colony, but like hornets, the pixies started to buzz and rise up into an angry swarm.
“This greenhouse doesn't just feed the clan,” Cas murmured into the silence that practically vibrated between them, startling Dean, “It's used for research in more effective farming techniques that will grow more food for less money in hard times. He likes to be prepared.”
“Not likely,” Lucifer chuckled. There was sound of texting, and Castiel gave a (muffled) groan because he knew what that meant, and it was verified by the sound of feet running down the hall.
Sometime in the night, he managed to steal the shirt that Sam had been wearing on Thursday, the scent of Cas clinging faintly to the soft cotton.
being an omega. As it was, he was expected to mate soon. Most second-level Omegas were mated by 20 to make sure they were able to conceive and birth as many children as possible. Dean wanted to make sure he was not one of those statistics: he refused to be a mated Omega.
Joshua chuckled lightly and stood up as the kettle started to whistle faintly. “Sam, priests might be dedicated to God, but they are still only men. The point is, we are tempted. Just like any other being on the planet, we are tempted. The difference should be our ability to resist that temptation.”
finally happened, the thing he was most afraid of in the world and yet, privately, yearned for. He had opened a couple of windows to allow the pleasant autumn breeze to pass through the nave when a scent tickled his nose. It was the smell of caramel apples, one of his favorite treats, but
He had dodged Sammy’s questions and his stupid sad eyes by presenting him with a box of Lucky Charms. The broad smile had been enough to make it worth it. He had watched for a moment as Sammy gleefully, gratefully, and awkwardly shoveled cereal into his mouth, scooping it out of a paper bowl with a plastic spoon (both snatched from the neighboring motel’s ‘continental breakfast’ bar), and then he had fluffed Sammy’s hair as he had walked by to the bathroom so he could jump in the shower.
. Dean’s body was warm and pliant, even demanding more, as his fingers slipped into Castiel’s hair and their legs slotted together for maximum exposure to each other.
,” Nikolai hissed, his still woged facial features set into aggressive lines, with small amounts of spittle collecting in the corner of his mouth. “He will bring us
As if reading Castiel's mind, Michael squeezed him a bit harder, until he elicited a strained groan from his baby brother, and, satisfied he’d made Castiel acknowledge his strength, he finally sat down.
As he stepped into the parlor, Bobby observed Dean pushing the Alpha back and talking in low, intense tones. The Alpha saw him come in and blue eyes snapped to observe him, narrowing with consideration.
It was a small jewel that just needed a shine, from its bald tires to its slight rust issues, what with her cracked upholstery and dead battery. The white paint was faded in places, sure, and the chrome needed polishing, but her frame was good and undercarriage solid.
Dean nods to himself and drags on his suit jacket, managing not to forget his overcoat and hat at the coat check, and wanders home to jerk off to the idea of having Cas...at...l..?? Cas...tit...
In comparison, Hael was dressed in a strapless navy gown, platinum collar and small sapphire earrings, keeping it simple. Hael generally hated to dress up, preferring over-sized sweaters that slipped over her fingers as she read and loose jeans to lounge in. But Dina had insisted and Hael looked as uncomfortable in the gown as Castiel did his tuxedo.
So that was how Dean had found himself out hunting down what he was told was a wanyūdō: a flaming ox-cart wheel with an old monk’s head in the middle. This yōkai liked to take souls early and deliver them to Hell. Buddhist Hell, not Christian Hell, and when Cas had tried to explain it (something about sixteen layers, hot and cold, blah blah blah Hell), Dean had not really tried to retain it.
And the nue was the portent of end of days. It brought storms and darkness, nightmares and sickness. It cultivated fires and wielded lightning.
He leaped off the desk into the middle of the room where there was more space. A short pop and a puff of smoke later, there was a horse-sized white fox in the middle of the room with eight giant, golden-tipped tails hanging out. “Ha ha, guess I’m not a kyuubi anymore!” The giant fox shrugged and yawned. "Well, it'll grow back eventually."
(小天狗 "lesser tengu") looks more like a giant raven/crow. As seen with Cas in this story, they are deeply associated with Buddhism, especially a sect called
cut through her abdomen. That’s where the main summoning spell is. That’s where she’s carrying the nue.”
He suddenly recalled the latest victim, and stuck his hand in his pocket, pulling out her necklace. “Actually, I just took this off the last body we saw.”
The woman had a warm voice even if her eyes were cold, as if she were not going to take “no” for an answer. Dean couldn’t smell her, but she looked like an alpha.
(錫杖 lit. "tin stick"): [ITEM] The staff Cas uses is a Buddhist tool. The reason why Cas's has 4 rings instead of 6 is because 4 represents the 4 Noble Truths of Buddha, whereas the 6 is the Six Perfections. There is a 12-ring staff for the Twelve Causes & Effects, but I kept it simple. This staff is for various uses: warning creatures to move out of the monk's path (you are supposed to respect all life, big or small); to inform people there is a monk within hearing distance should they need him; as a prayer aid like a meditation bowl; or as a weapon (yes) to protect the monk. (Japan had a lot of warrior monks.)
“You spoil me, Cas,” he murmured, watching his angel put the cast iron pan in. “But couldn't you have just mojo’d them warm?”
Dean barely restrained his urge to slap a palm in Michael’s face and shove him out of the way. Instead, he shivered at the scent of bamboo and ocean water that snaked around him possessively.
“Do you really expect me to get this right without any practice? Do you?” He gestured aggressively at the outfit. “You do see these whatever-you-call-them pants are too long, right?”
“Dean, they are talking to you.” Blue eyes glowed faintly with amusement, and Dean snapped his attention back to Benny. “Wut?”
Now, Gabriel was stuffing his face with the sushi, just shoving them into his human maw until his cheeks were fat and round. He chewed contemplatively and waved at Dean to step closer with a sushi-filled hand. When Dean complied, Gabriel slowly walked around him, still eating, and, when he was done, he grinned and exclaimed (spitting rice all over the place to everyone’s disgust), “Bro! Does he have a brother? He’s hot!”
“So, strangers,” Benny said. His voice was husky, and he had a small wheeze. Dean wondered if he had asthma. “How long do you plan to stay here?”
She showed them to a seat in the corner, which was just as well, seeing as every eye was still on them. She asked them about beverages, at which Cas ordered tea, and she went to fetch their order.
smelled like home. It was a weird and he assumed it was because his sense of smell suddenly started to work a bit, just enough that he could scent the house for whatever bizarro biological reason.
Cas smiles and sits down across from him. Not that there's a lot of room at the front tables. That’s when Dean notices the club is ridiculously quiet, and he looks around and finds it dark and completely empty.
Sam waited around the table to see if Dean was going to come out at all, but apparently not.  So, Sam checked on Dean at like 9 am and saw he was still passed the fuck out, and then quietly snuck out of the Bunker to visit Joshua.
Benny hooted. “Ah, see! They know already! Yes, his name is Dean. He is here with his friend Castiel.” He jerked his thumb at Dean. “He has police training. We are taking him to the doctor’s.”
Michael stared at him a moment and chuckled. “I didn’t mean it to sound petty. I meant…” He took a deep breath in and sighed out a wispy cloud. “I want you to get better. It’s important to me.” He reached out a hand and took Dean’s out of the comforts of the coat pocket, wrapping his fingers around Dean’s.
I am considering Time Stamps for a few of the things in here, but I will only do it if there's any interest. :)
“Cas,” Dean finally whispered, freeing his hands from Cas’s loosened grasp to weave his fingers through the messy dark hair damp with sweat. He pulled Cas down to him and kissed him softly, with all the feelings his Omega had for him.
Sometimes, it was warm, smooth hands that worshiped Dean’s skin as if it were precious, thumbs brushing against his jaw or bottom lip as if Cas couldn’t believe he was real. Sometimes it was soft kisses across and down Dean’s back, often following the knobs and dips of his spine, such care taken to cover each inch he knew he never had been–nor would again be–touched with such reverence, as if Cas were trying to memorize his every freckle, his every muscle.
The thought of sex was actually rendering him nauseous, which was a problem for a guy like Dean. He figured it was more
Surprisingly, the ceremony itself went off without a hitch. Bobby, with Castiel’s help, had set up the altar and the offerings: a fresh fish, some oranges, a small pile of fresh veggies. The kicker had been the trays of fried tofu sushi pockets and fried tofu, topped off with a side of bowls filled with M&Ms, Skittles, mini-Snickers, and a small bouquet of Chupa Chups.
He was trying to decide if he wanted to pull out his cheap little mp3 player to entertain himself when there was a brusque knock and a tall blond strolled into the room, his nose presumably in the paperwork Dean had filled.
And then Cas took the initiative and moved to sit on Dean’s lap, to Dean’s immense surprise. He snagged the bottle of lube from the desk and reached between them to lube up Dean’s dick. Dean muffled his moan, since the calluses on Cas’s hands plus the lube felt fucking awesome. It was not something he ever thought he’d appreciate. But he managed to ask, “Aren’t I supposed — OH FUCK — to… uh… prepare y — JESUS FUCK — you or something…?”
Gabe grinned at him, all pointy teeth and simmering mischievous eyes, not even bothering to pretend to give him a hand up. “You’ll see, Dean-o! Your reaction time is actually getting better and you’re lasting a bit longer.” He shrugged. “I mean, not a
Michael slipped into the driver’s seat just as Dean had worked himself into a fine temper. Sniffing delicately, Michael murmured, “Are you okay?”
Keeping his head down and practically running, he arrived at the rectory and noticed it seemed quieter than usual.
“Yeah, Cas stole the paperwork for me. I just had to tell him what to look for and where, and he managed to dig it up.” He grabbed the file that was sitting on the coffee table. “It says… yeah, I can’t say this. I’m gonna spell it. But first name is ‘Misha.’” He eyed the name again. “
if Michael had done that. The thought irritated him, but then he realized it didn’t matter on some level.
Sam slumped in his seat, hands still wrapped around the steaming mug, frowning ferociously. “Well that sucks,” he muttered bitterly.
Changed, he came back out wearing a proper t-shirt with KISS on the front and a maroon flannel shirt over his worn jeans. He was in his socked feet, but he didn’t want to bother with boots, not when he didn’t know when Akira was just going to drop in.
“He probably isn’t comfortable with it, Sam. Don’t take it personally.” Joshua raked a hand over his close-cut graying hair and sighed heavily. “Castiel went home, I presume to deal with his feelings, so I don’t know what he’s thinking at all.”
Dean lets the rich, husky voice lull him, his eyes sliding close as he lets himself imagine Cas singing to him and only him. That there aren't thirty other people around him, watching the beautiful man too. That the end of the day would bring him home to those warm smiles. Those plush pink lips kissing him…
Dean huffed and leaned into Michael’s space, deliberately touching the man’s jaw with his fingers and even batting his lashes at him.
Startled, Castiel stared at Michael in surprise. A fond smile crept over his brother's face, and Castiel realized that Michael wasn’t faking.
Dean rubbed Sam’s head one more time (he tried to dodge but to no avail), tangling the scruffy head of hair, and got off of him, stretching out a hand to help his little brother up. “But seriously, Sam, are you okay with that?”
No one had heard Him, not since the humans had learned how to sail across the vast expanses of water and make that land their own, whether or not the previous inhabitants minded.
But this moment, Joshua looked anything other than a man regularly called to the Vatican to speak to the Pontiff. He wasn’t very tall compared to the two other men in the kitchen, and his dark skin was weathered by sun and age. He was wearing mud-encrusted overalls with bright yellow Wellingtons, and an oversized straw sunhat, under which his dense hair was iron gray and cut very close to his scalp. The long-sleeved gray shirt, with his clerical collar in place, seemed at odds under the overalls and with his muddy, beige gardening gloves. He looked as if he had been rolling around in mud, and the cleaner-looking squash was what he’d found.
. He hissed at the pain, and hoped Gabe’s weapon of choice tonight — what looked like a fancy sword on a stick — was going to work out okay.
Sam shrugged. “Okay. If you think he’s safe, I’ll believe you.” He paused and eyed Dean. “Unless… you don’t want me to think he’s safe...?”
He idly took his spoon and stirred the cocoa. “I mean, Dean freaks out about priests. Sure, Pastor Jim was a good guy, and so is Deacon Castiel, but Dean said there were a lot of not-so-good priests and he told me to tell him if anyone tried to touch me in weird ways.”
Yana caught Dean’s arm before he could scoot out the door, and he didn't miss the wiping off of emotion from Cas's face. It didn't stop the storm in Cas’s eyes, or the low, stinging sensation of possessiveness that trilled down their bond. “Are you leaving so soon? Without dessert?”
“I wasn’t! I was — I just reacted to his need! He was in danger, Gabriel! What was I supposed to do?”
If he thought of it at all, it would be because occasionally, just... occasionally as he sat there and talked and talked, he thought he could feel it wiggling under his sternum.
Sam had no idea what was going on, but it was obvious that Cas was something more than just a bird buddy or a bond-mate. Going by that, Gabe was also in a contract with Dean, and Dean didn’t look like he wanted to wrap the fox in cotton and save him from himself.
Sam tilted his head, like he had never heard the word, and it didn’t surprise Castiel, since running into someone who was actually in seminary and a transitional deacon was rare. He smiled gently and laid his other hand over Sam’s as a warming gesture.
Bobby huffed out a laugh. “Closest one is Colorado. We ain’t exactly got time for a 10-hour trip out west.”
The chanting pitilessly grew to a crescendo, and Eve managed to glare at Dean with all the hatred in her soul. She grinned maliciously, foamy blood between her teeth. “Even if they succeed, you will never have him back.
Castiel pulled in every final bit of strength he had, and reined in his Alpha, caging it inside himself, and letting it snarl helplessly against its enclosure. He chuckled with disbelief, wondering why he had ever envied other alphas, and he swallowed his remaining desire down hard, choking on it and leaving it lodged in his chest like a bullet from a gunshot. Possibly, he mused, the size of a cannonball. He finally turned his eyes back on the boys, and found Sam still in his protective stance, Dean behind him, teeth bared, ready to fight.
Taking his courage in hand, Dean says, “Say, can I, maybe, invite you for coffee? Or, I dunno? Breakfast?”
Thanks to Gabe and the borrowed tail, Dean was able to keep up with her superhuman speed and even had the strength to ward off the strikes. He was doing okay until he found himself with his back pressed against the barrier. She grinned with triumph as she rushed forward, only to end up howling with rage as he barely ducked her strike and rolled away under the blow.
Abram nodded. “He is gay, but it is not permitted in the Orthodox Church. He moved to Anchorage, so he is not too far away.”
“Well, Sam! What are you doing here? It’s not Thursday.” Joshua held the door open while he scratched absently at his tummy. Today’s sweater was white with red triangles and blue squares, his priest collar and black shirt visible at the neck.
Jake just smiled serenely at him, eyed the screen where the orders popped up, and poured out four top-shelf bourbons, an ounce of Slick #34, and placed them on the tray.
Michael sat up a bit and rubbed a hand over his face before taking another hit. “In about twenty minutes, my assistant will be here to help you prepare for the party.” Waving the mouth piece, he added, “If I thought this would do something for you, I’d offer you a hit. She’s very effective but just a bit… overwhelming.”
Cas put down the mug, still chuckling, and scooped out a dollop of whipped cream with his finger. Before Dean could react, he stuffed it between Dean’s lips, and followed up with a kiss. Dean tasted of vanilla and cream, and Cas could hardly get enough.
The Omega (Dan? Dave?) snapped, “If you have no control over it, how am I supposed to trust you? We’re out of here! SAM!”
“Dean, I swear by the gods that, if you fall asleep, I will eat your pretty green eyes and leave you blind.”
She walked to the edge of the large river, the rich bank mud squishing between her toes and making her happy. She turned to look for a hole, for some sort of nearby den, and decided to walk a bit further off the marked human paths into the nearby woods. Here, away from humans, the tickle of contained lightning was less potent, made her itch less.
The first thing Cas noticed, before even opening his eyes, was that he was cold. Cas rarely actually felt changes in temperature, so the sheer fact he felt cold was
“Best case, it’s the Lethe and we’ll just forget everything when we fall in, complete amnesia.” Cas huffed out an exhausted breath and said, “Worst case, we’ll be dragged to the bottom of the river by desperate and angry souls and end up food for Nidhogg to feast on.”
From behind him, Sam grumbled about discretion being the better part of valor, and Gabe laughed at him.
The night Eve had ripped the luck from Dean, she had come back triumphant and swallowed it whole. It had tasted delicately of cinnamon and silver, and she savored it as it settled in her abdomen, next to the nest of souls she had stolen, all held in by a thin membrane that was a harvested bit of Dean’s life force, reinforced by the bit she drained away each and every night.
: The higher the omega’s level, the stronger their personality. This means that a third-level omega generally is content to be kept because they feel safe. It doesn’t mean they can’t study or do things, but that they are generally physically weaker than alphas. Generally speaking, they are cleverer than alphas and more empathetic than betas. But because third-level alphas are stronger, they tend to abuse third-levels. Alphas forget that omegas are extremely clever to make up for their size and lack of strength. REMINDER: Third-level males cannot breed. Only female omegas can, but third-levels will only birth third-level children (alpha/beta/omega) because their ability to pass on dominant genes are the weakest of the breeding designations.
Dean had grabbed a hamburger for lunch, an eye-popping, gut-busting double cheeseburger with onion rings, because he was starving and all he could think about was the fattiest foods on earth.
“Sarcasm, Cas. That was sarcasm,” Dean grouched as he rubbed the spot on his head. “Fine. No naps. No carelessness. Tonight we hunt the bitch. We good?”
Cas nodded curtly as he could, head pillowed on his arm. He pulled Dean in closer, his knot not quite down enough to separate, and kissed him on the crown of his head. “I’m sorry I did that the first time,” he murmured into Dean’s hair, the hot breath ghosting over Dean’s scalp and sending shivers down his spine.
Michael’s mouth quirked up into an amused smile and he looked into Castiel’s eyes with honesty. “I need a partner who can hold up their end of the family dynasty and can handle the twins. He’s just feisty enough do it.”
Benny added, “Then Daniil died. He was already weak, but then he started refusing to drink anything, and he just died in his bed, his body already stiff. Then we knew there was trouble in the village.”
Dean watched Gabe pat Cas’s head with his hand, and felt an irrational surge of jealousy. He chided himself hotly.
with Joshua, and it always bothered him when the person was too young to bear. It struck home that life was fragile, and watching families weep over their departed was gut-wrenchingly painful for him.
“Emotional growth of a half-dead sponge,” he mumbled, but replied much louder, “I’m not sure. Cassy has been rather… upset lately. You know that.”
Bobby just grunted, which Dean took as he didn’t give a shit. He took the hint. He slowly spelled out the name, and Bobby whistled. “That’s a hell of a name. I don’t think I can even say it right? ‘Quma’giinaq’? Must be native. I’ll look it u — ah, wait. Sam says he can find it online.” Huff of disapproval. “Damn machines are gonna take over the world, like in Terminator.”
We have a bit to go before we get Cas's POV. And the talking I promised... which would have come along with the 5K I have not yet written. (Which is important to the greenhouse thing.)
Heat rushes up his face, painting him, he’s sure, a bright red. He feels panic start to surge out from the core of his being, and he heaves a bit, his chest suddenly tight, his breaths hard won. It hurt. It all hurts at a level that he is unfamiliar with, what with his heart and the pile of obligations to be a role model for his little brother suddenly taking a direct hit, and his physical body not really able to cope with it.
Dean’s dick takes a bit more interest than it should when eyeing a man, even a gorgeous one like this. He tries to calm it down, but it’s making itself uncomfortably known in his trousers.
he felt for omegas or even betas. It made him think that God had brought him into the world different, with a cracked chassis (as his mother said) that wouldn’t allow him to feel the painful surge of hormones that other alphas felt when confronted with omegas in heat. In truth, omegas’ heats, the wild tornadoes of pheromones and slick, made him feel vaguely ill, and, on the whole, he considered himself fortunate that he was not a slave to his base alpha desires.
The doctor patted Dean’s knee comfortingly and ruined the effect by scrunching his nose as he scooted back a bit. “That’s good. Like I said, let’s give the Thrall a chance and I’ll see you in two weeks. Just take it twice a day for the first week and then once a day after that. There’s even a chance your sense of smell will return. We just need to see.”
“I can’t believe it’s still snowing,” Dean panted heavily, Cas on top of him, nuzzling his jaw. They were tied together, Cas’s rut coming into full swing the second day. He had been unable to resist Dean’s heat, and basically his begging for his knot. There was nowhere to escape to; the greenhouse was large, but only the small bathroom (with a tiny shower for accidents) and the personnel lockers were separated from the larger building. Cas had raided the lockers and found some protein bars, still sealed water bottles with the company logo on them, and some overalls and a pile of towels. (Most of the towels had been taken for their ‘nest,’ as it were. Cas said it was fine.)
Akira smugly smiled and nodded. “Exactly. That’s it. We have ourselves a harbinger of doom, folks.” She pointed over at the trio on the couch, and Dean stiffened at having the whole room look at him. “The Righteous Man who started it all must finish it. He has lost all his luck to the creature, and now is basically living off the kitsune’s good will.”
When they started talking about holding conferences once a year, he kicked them out, grumbling about ‘idjits’ and not having time for ‘dumbass ideas.’
“Oh she so rarely does that. She must like you.” Abram grinned. “Well, now that you have your meal, let’s go to the doctor’s.”
In fact, they had been like that since the beginning, hadn’t they? Both of them riled and upset at something Sam couldn’t really sense, since, as he was still unpresented, his olfactory abilities were sadly worse than a beta. He could scent family, distress, and anger, but
: If some of you are wondering why the scents change according to who is sniffing, it's because of the strength of their sniffers and their designation. So, Michael (Alpha-2) smells the caramel, but not the apples (this part is only Cas), and if Cas (Alpha-1) smells the enhanced scent of linen, Michael only gets cotton. Joshua (Beta-2) only got brown sugar and cotton. Charles (Alpha-1) will smell caramel and linen, but not apples.
worked, when a much more vehement fight broke out over where the thing was even hiding, since Sioux Falls was basically surrounded by rivers. Castiel sighed to himself and flew down, settling on the desk lamp.
It was pleasant, soft, and warm. The most comfort he had felt in a while. He had missed being spoiled by Ellen, who had basically raised him because of Dina's numerous 'obligations,' and the pleasantry of being alone in quiet contemplation without obligations hanging over his head like a Damocles sword.
“I am big for a raven,” he said defensively, but after Dean started to chuckle under his hand, and even Bobby had to look away, he deflated.
He and Benny again head over in Benny’s old Ford, both of them feeling grim. A bad smell never means anything good, in their experience.
Gabe, in his large fox form, had his ears back, his eyes were glowing yellow, and he had his lips pulled back in a disgusted grimace. “She’s feeding the spell souls,” he replied tightly. “That bitch is feeding the nue the human souls that were caught for her. That’s why there’s that small electrical discharge.”
Ever since Castiel had presented as a pureblood, Michael had been unreasonably competitive with him. The moment Castiel had
“My little brother.” Dean couldn’t stop the pride in his voice as he said, “He’s gotten away from this life. He’s at school; got himself a full ride at Stanford!”
He tried not to sulk about it because Gabriel would tease him endlessly for it. He already had had to endure a full week of smirks and chuckled, “Gen, is it?” His faint protestations had been ignored. His glares had failed to shut the fox up. Not even biting Gabriel’s tiny fox tail had done enough to discourage him from teasing: “Dean misses Gen, y’know?” and “Dean keeps talking about this mysterious Gen!”
Castiel wasn’t sure how she knew that, but he tersely nodded. Was this the consequence for being a coward?
“Well, Katia started to feel ill herself, and, again, it looked like the flu, but… then Anna’s body was found by the river, her throat torn out, her face shredded.” Abram shuddered. “And Ed was found the day after, in the same state, behind the general store, one of his arms missing.”
While Bobby had been out on gigs with Itchy-wren, Sam had taken over manning the phones, which was why Bobby made sure there was at least one native speaker on the teams because there was just some stuff that was hard to explain in just English.
I get to pick my own mate. Not like you poor schmucks lower on the totem pole.” He cocked his head. “But… you’re a second-level, right? So maybe you do get it?”
Yōkai were different than western monsters. On the whole, they liked teasing people as they walked, terrifying them for the heck of it, although there were other yōkai that were just hungry and, occasionally, vengeful and didn’t care if their meal was saturated in fear. They just wanted meats.
Dean put out his hand and Gabriel grinned, slapping it with his own. Dean squawked and Gabriel laughed, disappearing (along with all the food; he’d never let it go to waste) and leaving a black 昭雄 in the middle of Dean's palm.
After that, despite Dean’s body feeling like he had been hit by a tow truck and then backed over again, he hadn’t had any problems with Cas testing out his new reality with a lip-lock from heaven.
It was hard not to grin. It was rare nowadays that he got to fight with alphas, at least not since they were sticking around and he had to look out for Sam. He didn’t need vengeful alphas prowling around for him and finding his little brother.
When the dust had finally settled, Sammy had taken off again, back to Stanford and hopefully in time to prepare for his final papers. He had told Dean later on that, after Cas had been hit, that Dean had started to glow with a weird white light and even looked like he had a tail. Dean didn’t want to think about it, about the piece of the supernatural lodged in his chest. He had hugged his brother goodbye. Sam had chosen the ‘normal’ life and had even mentioned a blond girl he had been sort of seeing, if mostly for study sessions.
BTW -- It's only called "thrall" because I couldn't think of another word. If you have a suggestion, throw it my way, please!
tower over you, and when I am huge and manly, I’m going to laugh at you being so short and an Omega!”
It didn't matter; Cas gave him an amused look, as did Abram. He scowled at them, and ignored Cas’s chuckle. Under the table, he pinched Cas’s leg, which was a futile move, since he didn't even acknowledge it.
Thursday was, as usual, their ‘church’ day, the day Dean took Sam over to see Castiel. Dean had come up with various contingency plans to avoid Cas, but it was
Sam grinned at him brightly, and said, “Hi!” while Dean just nodded at him, a dark expression on his face. It wasn’t favorable foreshadowing for how the afternoon would pass.
Joshua had his hand raised, glaring angrily at Cas, who had a red mark on his cheek and seemed to be blinking back to humanity.
“Ah, that explains the different last name,” Dean murmurs. He doesn’t want to know more, because what he doesn’t know won’t get anyone killed. “And you?”
“Forty,” Dean had returned, sticking his chin up defiantly. If he was giving up his mouth’s virginity, it’d better be worth it.
ALSO! Happy Valentine's. This is posted a tad early so I can get in my love first. No sloppy seconds for me!
With a wave of his hand, Dean greeted the front desk and bouncer, who both nodded at him, and he slipped between the dark green velvet-padded doors with dark silver-button embellishments as the long buzz of released locks let him in. In the room’s deliberate darkness, the window—where Garth sat and kept track of who was in-house, who was busy, and scheduled appointments—was bright.
“Yes, yes, the Diva is out of the building.” He looks sad for a moment before snapping his head up and grinning. “However! My dear little bro is visiting from the Windy City and just
He managed to drink the mulled wine at least, even if it swished unpleasantly in his tight and mostly empty stomach.
Then the green-eyed man smiled at him from his upside-down position, stroking a line down his beak, and Castiel forgot everything he had ever known his entire tengu life.
Castiel fled into the rectory, running to the bathroom, trying to catch his breath. The Alpha in him was conflicted: confused as to why
Even as Castiel started to move, Dean shook his head at the strange alphas, looking down at his hands, with a small smile on his face as he sighed. He lifted his chin, and Castiel paused for a moment, holding back a gasp at how beautiful he was with the sunlight gilding him. Those green eyes glittered in the setting sun as Dean muttered, “Idiots.”
,” Cas corrected, looking around for any straggling pixies. “And because we are in one space, it doesn’t mean it doesn’t overlap with others.”
...of mine may be amenable to help, but we will need certain things, including a lot of fried tofu and several sweet desserts.”
“I haven’t had such a pleasant meal in ages.” He smiled at the young man, who looked surprised at the compliment. “I can take care of the dishes and you can go back with Sam and Castiel.”
She pulled one forward, someone like herself, once pure and now twisted at the core. The last word fell from her lips while the Lynn woman, at last, tried to run, only to find the door locked. While the new yōkai worked to enter the human plane, the woman scrambled to defend herself, pulling a knife from the kitchen. The blonde creature closed her eyes and ran at Eve, only for the point and edge of the knife to skid off her skin, no damage done.
Sam, over the last few days, had also been given a crash course on Buddhism and Buddhist chants, so his mighty and gigantic skull was stuffed full of those things. He had also been given a short sword by Akira with a bright red tassel hanging off the pommel, and a pocketful of paper ofuda to help distract the yōkai. The ofuda paper spells were for containment, but mostly for low to medium level yōkai. Who knew what they were going to run into? Dean had noticed the bulge in Sam’s coat too, although he hadn’t mentioned it, but he could tell Sam was also carrying a sawed-off shotgun with rounds of rock salt. It was a good idea. It may not stop yōkai, but it bothered the hell out of them.
crap and ignored it too. Considering Michael’s behavior, he wasn’t very nervous about sharing digs with Michael, and that’s all that mattered.
On one hand, it was comforting that Dean had other things to preoccupy him than the battle with the Baku.
By the time they reach the third floor, Dean is breathing hard, sweating bullets, and nearly crying from exertion and pain. Sam has stopped muttering apologies, mostly because he's as sweaty and exhausted. The rests between floors have meant very little since they couldn't just pass out on the floor.
you today, and it had nothing to really do with that Omega,” Lucifer warned. “Seriously, if he goes feral, you're right:
He nursed his beer and watched the other patrons, alert when one young guy said he was heading home alone, despite his friends’ protests.
Gabe had found them a way in, and Dean wasn’t particularly happy about it, seeing as every damn hall had some blood smeared on it, or, often, something worse that M.E.s hadn’t been able to pick out of the carpets or crevices.
Dean tipped her chin up with a finger and winked at her. “Well, I can imagine a lot, so do your worst.”
At his movement and proximity, the head moved, glittering red eyes snapping wide open and a mouthful of needled teeth hissing at him through the dark membrane, causing Cas to swear and fall back onto his ass. “What the fuck!”
: [BELIEF/SYSTEM] I'm not even going to go into any depth. Buddhism was a reaction to the caste system in Hinduism. In Hinduism, if you are born into a certain class, you are STUCK there until you die, and then you are reborn into a new class system based on your behavior in your past life. The Buddha sought (and found) a way to escape the endless cycle of reincarnation and his teachings help others break the cycle and find Nirvana. There are a lot of branches of this, and they also change according to which country you're in.
Michael’s face was normal, but the twins shared a look and side-eyed Castiel. Dean colored prettily and ducked his head, shifting closer to Michael, whose arm wrapped around him.
He swallowed his huff and took a moment to really look up into the wet, pulsating gray and finally notice what had been eating at him: there was no sun. The cold here was thick with dull magic, with ancient magicks and spells that wanted to lull him to sleep. It sucked at his spirit’s core and he swore lowly when he thought about how he was going to die from a lack of sunlight here.
The doctor’s office was closer to the center of town than the restaurant. The restaurant was meant to feed the fishermen who were coming back from the sea, or the rivers, if that was what they were working that day.
. I was a bit shocked, because the Japanese internment during WWII is not usually spoken about. Well, maybe people who watch Teen Wolf have an idea. Basically, anyone of Japanese ancestry was locked up and all their goods and property confiscated after the attack on Pearl Harbor. Anyway, George Takei was at the forefront of that fight, and it got national attention, which is awesome. But it was seriously eerie because I was JUST writing about it...
Warning: Graphic description of victims' bodies. Remember all the missing people and their relative ages.
Lucifer chuckled. “They ought to start tagging the newborns with that. ‘Wash gentle in warm water. Made for older brothers to tease.’”
The deli-owner had refused to confess, and it had turned into a bigger thing as the 25-year-old neighbor, Charles, had come forward guiltily and admitted to shivving Becky. He had kept spouting that he had loved the skirt madly and she had been his, had been his more than a few times, until her head had been turned by that bastard, Marlon Brando.
Dean wants none of that game. It’s a much trickier job and it’s easier to get on someone's literal hit list. He had ignored his uncle's attempts to woo him over because he has no urge to end up in cement boots at the bottom of a river.
“While I was… guarding the Yumekui, I spent a great deal of time alone and in meditation. There was one time, however, that I was not alone.” He looked to Bobby. “As you have stated, the Yumekui was confiscated by your government. Much like your storage area, there were many, many artifacts. But unlike your storage area, which is contained and each item carefully sealed, it was just several artifacts of varying degrees of worth and sanctity placed in one room.”
He starts awake as someone shakes his shoulder and he nearly falls off the chair trying to get away.
His words faltered. He closed his eyes and licked his lips, pressing them together as he visibly tried to pull himself together. “Dean, I have… no right to have feelings for you.”
knot! Either way, I want this, Cas.” More softly, he added, trying to hold back desperate tears, “I need it…I c-can’t…”
The band chuckles, apparently in on the joke that has Dean suspecting “begging to sing” is not precisely what happened.
He blew out an exhausted sigh and, flipping the flashlight on again, carefully checked the other rooms.
“Wouldn’t dream of it, but you know Sioux Falls the best and have the most experience tracking down yōkai.”
“We’re here.” Michael parked and (to Dean’s continuing annoyance) ran to the other side to open the door for him again, stretching out his hand.
Dean pinched the bridge of his nose, squeezing his eyes closed.  “We think Daniil is patient zero, but we don’t know how
(おばりよん): [CREATURE] This creature climbs on your back and slowly gets heavier and heavier, until you are crushed into the ground.
The abandoned omegas were given the choice to stay and serve HEAVEN, or to pay off their initial (forged) ownership contract and leave. They could also have their contract (the cost of rent, upkeep, and other sundries) paid out by lovers. It wasn’t like they were trapped. But they were safe, they were warm and fed, and they were, for the most part, treated kindly.
He was more than moderately sure his ass was covered in dirt, but the Wolf didn't seem to care as he straddled over Dean’s prone body and deliberately pressed that hot tongue in the curve of Dean’s nape.
He fluttered down, the familiar pop meaning he was in his big bird size, and he looked up at Dean, offering his wing-hand. Now, Dean shrugged and took the smooth, soft feathers in his hand as they returned to the house. As they ambled in companionably, Dean muttered, “Fuck, I would kill for a nap.”
If Cas had known Sam had been watching from the hallway those few times, making sure Cas was not a threat in and of himself, Cas had never mentioned it.
a magical-girl under all those feathers!” Dean chuckled and reached out to stroke the raven on the chest with a finger, making Cas squirm and slide away, the aura of embarrassment in full force.
as he could, to appease his Alpha. A mate who really didn't want him, he reminded himself, keeping himself from actually presenting, if only to keep some semblance of pride.
Bobby told them fire worked, sometimes, but not often enough. And, really, his time pretending to be an FBI agent in Sioux Falls was right fucked. Unless all the cops died in this debacle, there was no way he was going to be able to do that again.
Michael came up behind him and set a firm hand against the curve of Dean’s back, tipping his head in to take a sniff of Dean’s throat. It took a lot of self-will not to slap at him like one of the Three Stooges and run away.
“I thought you were going to stop that,” Cas snapped. His wings twitched irritably and the feathers up his back puffed up with annoyance.
“Yeah well, so were those nazi guys,” Dean muttered, ignoring the amused look Michael gave him. “Just listening to orders will get you in trouble.”
Dean spread his hands in front of himself expansively. “I am along for the ride. I like to see new places.”
Gabe leaped up like he had won something, pumping his fists in the air, strutting in the two-foot strip of room they had for their feet, and bowing his head to everyone. “Yes, thank you! Thank you!”
“I’m gonna do what I can,” he settled on finally. He didn’t know if he could, but he’d do his best or die trying. Hell, dying was on the menu if he
to hound walkers, and even a couple of betobetosan to feast on the fear she had piled up in the city.
Reality came back in a few blinks, and Castiel found both Lucifer and Gabriel exchanging serious looks over his head. He groaned miserably and snapped, “Fine! There is an Omega!”
Bobby rolled his eyes at Dean, muttering how he’d like to find the damn time to do anything other than answer phones and research, when, on cue, a phone rang and he ran downstairs to answer it.
Dean blew out a sigh that misted and curled around him. “Great. I love this. We need to rent an ATV if we keep this up.”
And then he realized he didn’t care. As long as she found her way again, it didn't matter. She would be okay.
He grabbed the bird with one hand as he started to hack up blood again. “Then god damn it, do it! Side effects be damned!”
Dean angrily pulled on his boxers and turned to pull a t-shirt from out of the dresser. “Sure you didn’t. That would be super creepy if you were anything other than a feathered menace.”
Michael chuckled. “Your boss is quite the businessman. He had demanded a huge deposit to get you back.” He flashed his pearly whites at Dean. “As if I would hurt you…!”
like a pie, except they were small and smelled deliciously like meat. “Uh, Cas,” he murmured, ignoring the amused looks he was getting. It was hard to speak with a watering mouth. “What are those?”
He ignored Sam’s scream of, “Dean!” focusing on the enraged creature in front of him. He yelled back, “Just protect Akira!”
While Dean stewed in his pissiness (and stunk up the car doing it), Michael drove them to the restaurant in record time. It was like god was favoring Michael and granting him all green lights. Just another reason Dean felt irritated.
But Cas’s attention was fixated on Dean’s lips and Dean nervously licked them, shocked when a tiny growl rumbled out of Cas. The Alpha had almost taken over Cas entirely, the predatory gaze flicking down to Dean’s neck as if he were planning where to put his mating bite.
Dean shrugged, used to Cas’s early morning disobedience, and reached in to tweak the tip of Cas’s aquiline nose. “Get up, Cas. Or I’m going to tickle you until you pee.”
Abram slowly said, “She was out playing while her mum hung the laundry, and when she turned about, the girl was gone.”
Bobby and Sam exchanged a look, and Sam shrugged. “They were here for a moment and then, suddenly, Cas collapsed and stopped breathing for a second and Gabe carried him away.”
The slightly younger and slightly more sober man licked his lips. He had just turned twenty-one, and drinking legally was a luxury. His roommate was seriously smashed though. And getting heavier by the second. The young engineer-to-be cringed at carrying the heavier man around the park rather than cross through it, but he really didn’t want his brain eaten. He rubbed his free hand over his faded black hair, wondering if he should call a taxi, but knowing that they’d be thrown out for a 50-yard ride because they were chicken shit and drunk to boot.
“Leave me alone, Lucifer,” Castiel muttered into the fluffiness of his duvet, sucking in dust with every breath.
Dean didn’t give a fuck. Work and private life were two very separate things and he planned to keep them that way. Bastards.
As she left, the shrill screams of the blonde woman Lynn were already fading in the din of the night.
“It’s fine. I wasn’t meant to be here. I wasn’t meant to meet him. I… I wasn’t meant to feel this way.”
His main talent at SWEETIES is an hourglass redhead with sea foam-green eyes named Josie Sands, although she’s called a knight of Hell behind her back for her dark personality. Her sultry moves and rich honey voice is what brought in the boys on the worst days, though, and it doesn’t hurt she’s a gorgeous broad.
“Well, that’s great. Just great.” Dean threw himself back onto the couch, his hands up in the air. “So, potentially, the whole village could be sick.”
Dean nodded. “Yes, Bobby. No one got hurt this time, but I did see an umbrella give me the raspberry and Cas introduced me to a bead with an attitude problem.”
He stabbed through the creature’s middle, and something told him that it wasn’t enough. He dragged the sword out, ignoring the red oni’s grunts of pain and how, slowly, the club was starting to move. Dean stabbed the thing through the throat this time and sliced through, cutting away half of the monster’s neck and his arm when Dean pulled the sword down.
“Abe no Seimei was one of the greatest onmiyōji that the earth had ever seen, a great yin-yang master. At the time, he was yet too young to soothe the maddened Baku, and so he sealed her and gave the scroll to
Sadness fell on Joshua, and his shoulders slumped slightly as he nodded. “Priests who touch young people like that are
“Pirozhki, obviously.” Cas had already stirred his soup, which was now creamy, and had started eating it.
Castiel walked up to the guy and pointed at the sign. “That’s me,” he said, hefting his carryon bag onto his shoulder. He had put on his heavy pea coat and wrapped a heavier wool scarf around his neck, as he had been intending to just catch a cab.
She had fled down the stairs, into the house, already wondering at all the metal and human smells that permeated the place, and she knocked down a door to escape into the natural world.
For an ungodly amount of money, the party room could be rented, complete with stripper poles set up on different ends, and a large disco ball in the middle. If the party goers so desired, they could change the lighting so it was dark with colored lights fragmenting off the disco ball. Crowley had even set up a Japanese-style karaoke, so they could sing to their drunken gratification. The huge black overstuffed couches in the room could be used as beds and the small glass tables generally held drinks, but were known to hold everything from candy to illicit drugs. The specialized hookah pipes had been installed into each end of the couches for easy reach. There was even a small private bar set up with only the highest-quality beverages and a selection of Slick.
Michael had walked forward to open the door for Dean, and now he looked befuddled, like he hadn’t expected that response. Oddly, there was something familiar about that expression. Dean dug his heels in deeper while he tried to place it and failed.
Castiel opened his mouth to refuse when Gabe used his sad-puppy look, which was extra effective when he was tiny and adorable, and sighed. “Okay, fine. Fine! Just…” Supernaturally blue eyes blinked slowly once and then closed as he whispered, “Just keep him safe.”
. He said something about always feeling unclean all the way to his soul, which Dean didn’t believe for even a second because Sammy was his perfect little brother. Sammy was going to have the life that Dean would never have. Sammy would grow up an alpha, like their old man, and be above the bullying omegas crap. Dean was raising Sammy right.
Dean went still and he shot them a shit-eating grin. “I don’t know what you’re talking about, guys!”
Tilting his head again and staring at Dean like he was studying him intently, he murmurs, “It was entirely selfish. I wanted to meet you.”
At least it kept Garth trapped behind the glass and on the phone, something Dean was grateful for, since the strange skinny guy liked to hug people. It was annoying, but, again, most omegas loved touch and comfort. The beta was smart, but easygoing, and he listened if an omega had a problem. He was a good choice for guardian.
Bobby grabbed his arm, fisting into the forest green-plaid flannel Dean was wearing. “You’re barely standing on your own, son. You can’t go out there running after Cas. Gabe’s got him. You’re just gonna have to trust him.”
Ellen slapped her upside the head as Castiel laughed. “It’s fine, Ellen. I know what she means.” He shook his head too. “God works in mysterious ways, Jo.”
It was all made easier to enjoy with Joshua’s using Dean’s skills as a handyman. The young Omega was extremely clever with his hands, something Sam collaborated when he said Dean also worked for the trailer park whenever there was some sort of problem, from a broken awning to a satellite dish falling off. Dean apparently fixed it all and they received a small discount on their rent plus a little cash for food.
But the Purgatory bunch had very little contact with the small cadre of third-level omegas Crowley employed upstairs. It wasn’t like Crowley threw holiday parties for his employees. So if the house omegas threw parties, they didn’t often invite the downstairs lot.
"I won't be shorter than you forever, Dean!" He gasped as he wiggled free, hair mussed and face red. He threw a look at Dean that meant he was going to regret it as Sam straightened his clothes with an irritated huff.
distorted by his elongating teeth. Castiel was about to move his hand underneath the Omega's clothing, not sure what was next, but pretty sure his Alpha knew and that they were both ready for it.
Castiel rolled his eyes. “Indeed, you are absolutely correct, but His Most Reverend Excellency, Giosuè Ángeo, hates formality and will sulk for a day if you refer to him as such in an unofficial capacity such as dinner.”
“Um, no. Please, go right ahead.” It really was for the best. He had never had to cook for himself before he had moved in with Joshua. Before that, he had lived in his parents’ mansion and someone had always cooked for him. It was one of the unconscious ways he had been privileged and he hadn’t realized it until he moved out. In the real world, wandering into the kitchen didn’t mean you automatically got fed.
He watches her sashay away while digging into his jacket pocket for his deck of smokes. He taps out a Lucky Strike and lights it with practiced ease, shaking out the match and tossing it into the tin ashtray. The first hit of smoke feels like heaven and he adds to the miasma that floats in the air.
The Baku held her ground in the large entry area, where the lounging furniture remained, watching idly as the yōkai shook free the viscous gray-green mucus that had come with her as she came into the human dimension, and hunger raged over her inhuman features.
When the seal cracked open on the Yumekui, the Baku had trilled with delight and leaped from her prison. She had been sealed inside a scroll, bound in a bone case with more seals over it. A tengu had been watching her the whole time, but it didn’t matter now. She was free.
He smelled slight confusion and looked up. Michael’s head was slightly cocked, and he said, “Well, of course you have a choice. I want to treat you well.”
Gabe eyed him speculatively. “If you mean Cassie, he’s gone to commune with his higher power or something.”
Sadly, hyperventilating was tough in below freezing weather. Just as he found breathing had become difficult, each breath harder to inhale because it was just so cold, he caught the muffled sound of a howl, and staggered in its direction. His Omega was desperate. This was what it had been waiting for, Dean could feel it.
The three alphas had to be like seventeen, maybe eighteen. Two of them were obviously jocks (possibly ex-jocks if they had been caught doing drugs), while the third looked like a stoner (maybe their source?) all long limbs, bad skin, and greasy hair.
man-bun. Dean tried not to roll his eyes and bet his money on it being Akira’s doing again, because her inner hipster was a douche and liked shit like that.
Castiel seemed to consider it. "It may be a response to the earlier attack on the first woman, but I don't know."
Resisting the urge to stick out his tongue at her (or flip her the bird), he grinned smugly in her direction while Michael wound a hand around his waist to lead him away. He felt almost vindicated by the burn of pure hatred in her eyes, even as he suppressed his desire to move out of Michael’s arms. They had been not-dating for two weeks, but that didn’t mean he was comfortable with Michael’s possessive shows of affection.
The doctor’s examination room was not as chilly as most Dean had ever found himself in. It was more… ornate…than most he’d been in, but that was mostly in how shiny and expensive the cabinets looked. There was a pristine sink, a purple vinyl rolling stool, and glass jars with supplies in them, like alcohol pads and cotton balls. The examination table was like any other he had ever seen, with the same kind of crinkling paper he had settled his ass on in dozens of other doctor’s offices in his life. It was better than a couple of places, actually, where he swore they reused the stuff instead of tearing it off.
Dean finds himself in great amounts of pain, but also laughing at the tableau in front of him. He tries to hold it in, but it's just ridiculous that Cas is in his apartment along with his baby brother, both of them wanting to fuss over his sick self.
As a second-level, Dean had had the uncanny knack to run into quite a few second-levels, such as Bishop Joshua, someone he genuinely liked. He had also run into Meg, Ruby, Lilith, Crowley, and Benny at Purgatory. Of course, Lilith primarily worked the S&M room in HEAVEN, while Meg, Ruby, and Dean stayed in Purgatory with its exclusive patronage, since Crowley only employed second-levels for the brothel.
They walked over to where the bead and the umbrella were waiting, the umbrella wrapped in webbing, its eye rolling at them and its long red tongue spitting at them continuously like an unending fart pillow. Castiel stopped his story telling to hop down to the bead. “Were there any problems?”
The walk from school to the church was a short one, and, even as they walked up the pavement to the door, Dean could
She eyed him and, hands on her hips, replied in the exact flat tone, “So, you’re the big time kitsune, who thinks he knows everything.”
that made me think about hookahs for smoking slick. Of course, hookahs are more complex than that, but HEY! That's where the idea came from. Look how mellow those women look... ha ha. So, if alphas smoked slick, what would it feel like? Soporific? I would think so, but it's an interesting idea. All of the sweet taste and smell of slick...it goes straight to your brain like heroin or crack cocaine according to most ABO... so soporific.
“It's alright! We spoke of it a great deal! He's fine with it! He's your brother! He still loves you!”
. “Hey, you filthy little walking bead! How was I supposed to know what the hell it looked like? I’ve never seen one! And it’s not like you and Heckle over here were any help!”
Benny shrugged. “Yer at the prime of your fertility. Yer attractive and ya have a little brother to take care of. Maybe this alpha is yer way out?”
“Dean,” the bird tried again, the patience evident in his voice, “Tapirs are just one form of the baku and they are magnificent beasts. They are actually related to horses and rhinoceroses, not pigs.”
Dean caught the sickles, one in each hand, and grinned, before he realized he was shaking. Dean hadn’t realized he had been sweating, nor that his breathing had gotten hard, like he had run a couple of miles in a sprint. He wiped at his forehead with the back of his hand, gasping, and suddenly Cas was there, landing on his shoulder and nuzzling his sweaty hair. The pain eased a bit and, after a minute, he no longer felt like he was going to seize right there in the alley.
Sam was outside the door, banging on it with his fist. “Are you okay? There was some trouble outside…”
“Good.” Bobby straightened his papers and picked up his phone. “Now git. I got phone calls to make and my Mandarin is rusty as hell.”
Beneath them, as if aware of their trespass, the souls swirled and looked to be howling at them, while the pixies screeched warning. He didn’t know what was behind them now, but the shots had stopped even as Cas tossed Dean through the barrier and onto the island. He felt the exhaustion hit him, the elf shot, the lack of power, the low Flame, and, as he hit the barrier himself, he passed out, oblivious to all.
riding him, he sent a letter to Barsuki about transplants, specified in his will that he wanted someone in Barsuki to have one of his organs, and then he just suddenly died of a brain aneurysm in the emergency waiting room in Anchorage.”
Castiel’s wing-hands trembled a little as he tried to measure out the proper amount of water and coffee grounds. “He’s probably hungry,” he tried nonchalantly, “Humans do that.”
Dean made breakfast, yawning his way through it, and missing his little brother’s concerned looks. “Di-Did I wake you up too early?”
Sighing heavily, Dean said, “Great. Thanks, Cas.” He refused to look at his traumatized brother or Gabe, who was howling with laughter and rolling on the floor. “Fuck it. We’ll do what Winchesters have always done: wing it.”
Castiel sighed. “It takes years to become a priest. You don’t simply wake up one morning, decide on the vocation, slip on a collar, and get to take confessions.”
pissed off, and he smirked. “PETA be damned. They don’t have to deal with a shitty-tempered, talking-demon bird.”
Dean sighed and hung his head, thumping it lightly against the wooden floor. “Jesus fucking Christ, don’t I know one
, Michael’s younger brother. And, considering that Cas was a pureblood Alpha, that undoubtedly made him the heir to the Kingdom Novak, not the second-level Alpha Michael.
The omega restroom was cleaner than most he had seen in his life. There was no graffiti and there was actually toilet paper in the stalls. He used the urinal and turned to wash his hands, looking at himself in the mirror with unease. The long-sleeved dark green shirt and the jewel-colored green sweater vest made his eyes brighter and the gold in them more evident. Omega clothes were almost always in jewel-tones and meant to accentuate the omega’s best features. At least Michael hadn’t forced him into more androgynous wear, because Dean felt distinctly male even if he was an Omega.
He grumbled about the situation, marking the map where he had sent the teams: by the Falls, there had been more kappa attacks; in the city, there were more ‘shadow dog’ attacks; in Downtown, there were yet again rumors of a serial killer eating young men, and Will-o-Wisps that killed by touching you.
They should all know what it’s like to have each and every hope and dream you held dear ripped from you (
He blinked and try to think about what he might have done and couldn’t think of anything. Then Gabe picked up Cas, who did actually sag against him, and said, “C’mon, Cassie. Let’s get you home. I’ll take you to mine for a bit.”
“So business as normal.” Dean blew out a sigh. “Okay, then I guess we can go check it out. Is there a cafe or restaurant or something?” He picked up the solid sausage and eyed it. “I’m not sure I even know what to do with this.”
They grinned at each other and, after a brief consultation and a lack of sun to guide them, decided to find a river and follow it. However, the white birch trees with the black fruit on them freaked them both out quite a bit, so they avoided entering the forest and just trusted Cas’s hearing.
As the sun hung low in the sky, the two humans had finished most of the building. The smell of freshly cut and painted wood still floated in the air, stronger than the smell of river mud and recently turned earth. Cas had returned at some point, but he had been deliberately avoiding Dean for some reason.
“I seriously didn’t do it this time, Bobby.” He briefly outlined the situation, giving Bobby details when asked, and ending on, “I swear it’s presenting like rabies, but I don’t know of anything that’s
Balthazar stood and grabbed the scent-neutralizing aerosol again, spraying it in Dean’s direction. With his nose covered, he added, “Also, it might benefit you to find an alpha to hang out with, get some of their pheromones into your system. See if that helps level you out a bit faster.”
Regardless of his emotional state — and the fact it was the first time since the whole mess started that he was allowed out without a team of babysitters — Dean went out hunting by himself that night. It’s not like he had much of a choice, what with people dying out there and Cas still down for the count.
Now, once a week, Dean was under the old girl for two hours at a time, changing out belts and timers, removing rust from the body and replacing the bald tires with newer ones. There was a lot of noise in the garage now, which was tolerable as long as Castiel and Sam practiced in the church. It also saved Castiel from staring, saliva pooling in his mouth for no reason, all while his brain tried to keep up and suppress his Alpha’s instincts.
“Yeah, I know. She must’ve been taken while I was sleeping.” He gripped the pendant until it bit into his palm. “Damn it! I should have just come into the woods immediately!”
But let's imagine it being used for addicts. Like, say crack (again) or meth? Where it gives a wicked addicting high that's sell-able to third-level alphas who feel inferior because they aren't second or first levels (let's say)? That are barely better then second-level Betas or Omegas (aww)? What if it's synthesized from medical-use Slick, that's used for erectile dysfunction (Viagra!), because aging alphas have less testosterone (or whatever) and they need the boost?
The fellow finishes the song and this time Dean's paying attention as the guy stands straight and waves at the band behind him. His narrow waist is accented beautifully by the tapering waistcoat, the vision he presents improves dramatically when he turns completely around and a perky round ass and broad shoulders are evident.
Dean swallowed hard, the action bobbing his Adam’s apple, his breath coming in swift pants. Castiel stepped in even closer, forcing Dean to try and back up again, and he watched fascinated at the roll of emotions across Dean’s face, the warring of desire and fear in his eyes.
“Guess the party’s upstairs,” Dean muttered. Sam and Akira agreed, and they briefly split up to look for the way to the roof, Gabe nonchalantly following Dean.
had worn at her father’s court, they made her shape obvious and she looked near nude. Still she thought they might do well for camouflage.
Pulling his nose away from Dean’s neck, Castiel stared into Dean’s golden eyes, their mutual arousal spiraling around them, the scent of Dean's slick thick in his mouth. Castiel didn’t even know if he could verbalize anything, what with the
It was just as well they fell back, as the sound like hundreds of hornets came through the forest, heading to their location with chilling speed.
In Heaven, each angel had a specific job given to them, whereas Castiel was given nothing for a long time. Everyone had already left the nest when he was gifted the fourth day of the week, and he had not been sure what he was supposed to do with it.
“Hey,” Dean muttered, “If I saw that my snacks had been eaten and my best booze gone, I’d pitch a fit!”
“It’s my fault,” he gritted through clenched teeth, feeling his wolf trying to take control. The surge of
was starting to wear off a bit. That or he was just getting used to all the scent blockers and neutralizers.
. Especially an admittedly hot one as Castiel was (seriously, calling him Father was just weird; it bordered on
The doctor’s office was very small, and it actually reminded Dean of a broom closet. He literally had one filing cabinet, and he picked his way through that lock in no time flat, earning a suspicious look from Abram and a gleeful look from Benny. “You’re very good at that,” he said disapprovingly.
The young boy, who had been watching passively, sighed heavily and stood up. His sandwich was, at least, half eaten, and he looked sadly at the other half.
But worst (best?) of all, the scent coming off Cas was mesmerizing and Dean took a lungful, the rich aroma of molasses sinking into him.
He wanted to smack the leer off her face. Instead, he swiped a hand down his own face and gawked disbelievingly at the card.
Sammy grinned brightly started to run by to get his shoes from the doorway. Dean managed to snag him by the shoulder as Sam tried to dash by his seat, bringing him to an abrupt stop.  Dean pointed a stern finger in Sam’s face (to Sam’s surprise) and said firmly, “And you’ve got nothing to be ashamed of or to ask forgiveness for, Sam. You’re a good kid. You’re gonna be a great adult.”
“Just tell us and we’ll let you up,” Gabriel grinned, his fingers moving towards Castiel’s well-known weakness: ticklish sides.
The game of Laser Tag had somehow ended up very competitive, to the point Michael had ended up annoyed for the rest of the night because Dean’s team had won: he had joined a group of rowdy 12-year olds who had needed one more player, versus a gaggle of 15-year olds and Michael. Michael had learned the hard way that 12-year olds are
Sam nodded, his huge hand ducking down to pet Gabe, who curled into the caress with a tiny yip. “I know there’s an elevator that can take us to the top, but I think it requires an old fashioned key to get to the penthouse. It’s not one of those card accesses or we could get Ash to rig it for us.”
,” he said, as Sam opened his mouth to launch into his explanations again. “And, whittle it down to a minute speech.”
Today, Dean noted, Gabe was wearing a yellow Hawaiian shirt over a neon-green t-shirt that said, ‘FLAWLESS’ in big black letters and ‘I woke up this way’ under that. He was also wearing ratty orange flip-flops and well-worn jeans. He looked, as usual, completely not as powerful as he actually was.
She learned that they dressed similarly and it was often hard to tell male from female, as they all wore ‘pants’ and ‘shorts.’ Even when she thought she had figured out that females wore the ‘skirts’ and ‘dresses,’ she found that, no, some men did too. She just adjusted her thinking to there was no real difference: they all wore too little clothing in contrast to the layers and layers of silk she was accustomed to on both sexes. Colors here really didn’t matter, they didn’t indicate married or even social status. There seemed to be few differences with age. It was all confusing.
Dean smirked self-consciously. “You’ve got the boy with the bad rabbit foot here, Bobby. So I’m gonna saaaaay, NO.”
Crowley was a savvy businessman, though. Although prostitution was illegal, he made really good money with the brothel. It was connected to the low-level bar/dance club in the basement he had whimsically called, “HELL,” and basically a money-laundering spot for his backdoor operations. The entrance waiting line was usually around the corner, and Dean was glad he never really needed to wait to get in. Even on weekdays, the club was never empty, and Crowley made sure to keep it that way with attractions and themes.
Instead of addressing the issues, however, Michael started talking about the new building project he had landed for one of his firms.
“Hey! Hands off the goods, padre!” Castiel got a flash of bright green and freckles as the older boy stepped between them and slapped away Castiel’s hands brusquely with a narrow-eyed glare. Castiel looked into his face and his breath hitched in his chest. The sun-kissed, freckled skin was warm and still dewed with youth; he was a beautiful young man of maybe seventeen or eighteen, despite how that lovely pink mouth smirked at him and his green eyes filled with derision.
Castiel peeled her hand off and said, “It wasn’t like I was using my allowance for anything, anyway. It was fine.”
“For now? Avoidance.” Lucifer slipped on his suit jacket and prepared to leave. “I’m going to stay at my office. God knows when Mikey is going to get home and the fur will literally fly.”
