When he reached the penthouse kitchen, he found everyone had been put to work. Natasha and Pepper were coring and slicing apples, while Steve, Rhodey, and Clint peeled a mountain of potatoes nearby. Bruce was showing Mrs. Rhodes five heads of some wholesome looking greens. They were playing The Beatles again:
Steve looked up and said to Tony, “You must be very proud. The little guy takes after you.” He said it facetiously, but it didn’t quite sound like a joke. Not entirely.
Tony felt Steve sigh against the back of his neck.  “Mmm . . . love you too . . .” Steve mumbled.  Tony smiled.  (Not asleep after all.)  It was warm in Steve’s bed, nestled in his arms.  Soon, Tony drifted to sleep.
“I’ve changed my mind,” Clint said with a groan.  “Terrible Valentine’s day. I could be at home in bed with a pint of Ben and Jerry’s.”
Steve let his arm slide off the back of the couch, real casual, then let his fingers curl gently around Tony’s shoulder.  (It’s fine. Nobody cares.)  Steve laughed-- the guys in the movie didn’t look very good in dresses.  (Not like Ru Paul, who looked like a real lady in a dress.)  Steve put just a tad of pressure on Tony’s shoulder to draw him closer, so they were side to side, thigh to thigh.  (It’s okay.  It’s just our friends. They don’t care.)  In the flickering light of the huge TV screen, Steve reached slowly across his lap to lay his hand palm up on Tony’s thigh.  Steve held his breath and glanced over.  He could see Tony was smiling.  Tony gave Steve’s hand a little squeeze, but when he tried to pull his hand away, Steve squeezed back and held on.
“So,” Tony said, with a bit of a smirk as his brain started coming back online. “It’s my turn to take you out for dinner tonight.” Another sip of coffee. “Any ideas where you’d like to go?”
Tony gave Cap a little toss and he vaulted in front of the creatures, braced with his shield in front of him. Tony fired the repulsors at its surface full blast in a hard continual stream, while Rogers redirected the energy to hit all three spiders. Tony shot two more shoulder missiles. One of them twitched, then flopped over, legs convulsing in recognizable death throes. Down to two spiders. Tony called the one on the right, leaving Cap the one on the left. Tony hovered in the air and hit his over and over with repulsor beams while Rogers hammered at his with the shield, using it sometimes as a bludgeon, sometimes as a projectile. Cap dodged and weaved out of the creature’s grasp, jumping nimbly away and back. He landed a blow between its body segments that sent it belly up just as Tony’s spider did the same. Tony landed and flipped the faceplate up.
Tony resisted the temptation to search “flower language syntax.” He should focus on the big picture: love, hope, friendship.
“Come on. You'll feel better after a bath,” he said, stripping Tony of his t-shirt. Tony was giving him this strange little look, brow slightly creased, eyes wide and tired. (Bloodshot. And tear tracks down his cheeks. Oh, Tony.)
24 hours later Tony was about ready to bang his head against the wall in frustration.  And Bruce’s calm was really starting to get on his nerves.  If only they’d gotten more data!  Working with incomplete information was bullshit.
“I’m stuffed!” Tony announced, shoving one last sushi roll into his mouth as the end credits showed Spock raising one eyebrow in the freeze frame.
*The Dominant's notch is this world's version of the Adam's apple and is the product of domosterone, so Dominants of either gender would develop one while switches might have a subtle one or not depending on the levels of domosterone they have and their particular bone structure.  (Thanks to those who kindly mentioned that I'd *ed it but forgot to put a note.  Oops!)
He froze.  Pepper Potts, dressed in an immaculate gray suit, was standing at the entrance of Tony’s gigantic walk-in closet with two shirts and ties over her arm.
The elevator doors closed. They were standing close together, Tony still holding the Captain’s sleeve. He let go abruptly, but didn’t step away; Cap still had that pinched expression from before, eyes a little unfocused, looking away. Tony swallowed.
Finally, Steve heard Tony approach and set things down behind him, but he didn’t turn around, didn’t so much as twitch, just waited eagerly for Tony to touch him, to do something.  Tony remained still and silent, out of sight, but Steve was certain he could feel Tony’s gaze, hot and heavy on his back, his bound wrists, his ass.  He took a breath and waited.  How long had it been already?  Tony still didn’t move.  Was it some sort of test?  Was he seeing how long Steve would keep still?
Tyrone turned with a smile to look at his daughter and noticed Tony staring at him. Tyrone nodded. Tony returned the nod and looked away.
“It was cruel,” Tony said, dropping his gaze in shame then forcing himself to look up, not to seem like he’s performing another act of manipulative submission.  “I lashed out.  Because I was angry that you were right--I didn’t think about Bruce, but I didn’t want to admit it, even to myself.”
“I’ve got you,” Tony murmured, then he stretched out on top of Steve bringing all that hot, delicious skin into contact with his own.  Steve threw his head back, panting and unable to hold still.  Their cocks rubbed together and Steve let out a cry. Tony was panting too.  He lifted his hips a little, denying Steve friction
“Yeah. We tell them,” Tony said decisively. “But first I get in touch with Katie and Mikie. Plan ahead for when—er, if—we want to be out to the general public. Keep Fury from trying to foist his PR idiot on us again.”
Tony took his seat. Steve’s smile was as sweet as ever, but perhaps a little flustered around the edges.
Tony’s fist clenched under the table. Steve would win the fucking bet—not that Tony’d thought for a second Steve was in on that shit. (Ok, fine: he didn’t think that
Tony hesitated a moment before answering, fussing with the covers, pulling them up over Steve’s shoulders.
With his right hand, Steve reached up for the chipped I<3NYC mug Tony loved while still tending the eggs with the spatula in his left. Tony plastered himself to Steve’s back, cheek pressed to Steve’s shoulder blade, and looped his arms about the man’s waist. Steve took in a startled little breath and went stiff. Tony rubbed his cheek against Steve’s back and gave his middle a little squeeze; Steve glanced over his shoulder at the doorway.
“No, no don’t. It’s fine. Wasn’t so bad, really,” Tony said, suddenly self-conscious. (Jesus, it was decades ago. Poor little rich kid.) “And Mom was great.”
“Excuse me, Mr. Stark,” the agent said in a smooth alto. “When you’re finished with your lunch, Directory Fury would like to speak with you in his office.”
“Coffee!” Steve announced with a bright smile. He’d put on a robe (tragically) and was carrying a little wooden tray laid with mugs, coffee carafe, and a single rose in a little bud vase.
“I wanted to ask you about earlier,” Tony began.  “The night before, I mean.”  Pause.  “I was pretty surprised that you hadn’t run across ‘safeword’ before. Um.  Wanna talk about that?”
Tony activated internet stealth mode. He may click on their website, but like hell he’d let them know and get advertising money for it! He searched “Tony Stark” and under his Stark Industries profile and wikipedia entry, there was “news for Tony Stark” with a cover graphic from
OHMYGOD!!!! It’s Tony Stark. It has to be. Did you hear the way he talked about Tony and then the way he talked about this ‘special sub.’ And the connection to Star Trek! I’m single (and dad’s been sad on Valentine’s day ever since we lost mom) so we’re watching the gala coverage for sure! Wowza.
1) Pretend to listen to another of Fury’s pitches (bla bla national security, unknown threats, aliens, bla bla) before telling him there was no way in hell Tony’d give a suit to SHIELD.  (Rhodey’s my special pumpkin pie honeybunch.  And if War Machine’s gonna have a baby sister, she’s gonna be Pepper’s, not yours, Nicky-poo.)
“-- so you see,” Tony concluded, “you'd better tell the tale of War Machine's latest daring-do if you want to compete for the crown of glory.”
“Also,” Natasha said, out of nowhere (no, seriously, when did she get there?), “the Femme Domme villain in the reboot was an absurd cliché.”
!” Then, teasingly, “Better hold me and comfort me, poor delicate little thing that I am. Come on, big guy.”
Steve was fifteen minutes early for his interview, so he paced the side streets nearby killing time since he didn’t want to look too eager (or desperate). He was glad Miss Rushman had offered to meet at a pub near the Academy instead of making him travel all the way to her offices in upper Manhattan, saying she would be in the area anyway. When he’d asked how he’d recognize her if The Old Pony was crowded, she’d replied that she’d find him--then reminded him that she’d ‘seen him before’ in a tone that made him blush.
Fury was stony faced. Maria Hill’s eyes flicked back and forth from Tony to Steve to Fury, her face a vision of disapproving incredulity.
Rhodey, subtle as an aircraft carrier, turned to Tony with an even bigger grin, nodding effusively. “Yeah. Not quite the first, huh?”
“I don’t think these creatures are hostile and I don’t think this one wants to be down here. Is there any chance that portal opened up accidentally?”
“Finance is a family tradition,” Silverstein said with a slight grimace, “but mathematics is my love. Did you read any of Smirnov’s most recent work? I thought his proof of the conformal invariance of percolation might particularly interest you.”
As Veronica led him into another twirl, Tony saw Steve standing at the bar, watching him dance, but when Tony caught his eye Steve looked hastily away.
“Look, it’s fine if nobody else did,” Clint said, looking a little embarrassed. “I just had these little things and—“
p.s.  Yes.  Yes, I do love John Donne!  You can read the full poem Steve borrows from here: https://www.poetryfoundation.org/poems/50340/to-his-mistress-going-to-bed  and the other one he references here: https://www.poetryfoundation.org/poems/44104/the-good-morrow.  The line "license my roving hands" gets me every time; consent is sexy! Enjoy!
—frowned at him very slightly.  “I was thinking more along the lines of ‘aerial support.’  I’ve seen a little of your firepower, but wanted to ask: can Iron Man carry a teammate?”
.  His eyes were such bright blue and the shirt brought it out all the more.  Tony wondered if Rogers knew that and did it on purpose.  Tony frowned and forced his eyes back down.
Stuffed with Bruce and Steve’s delicious Indian food, but not quite ready to go to bed yet, it was quickly determined that everyone should watch a movie. It was
hold in whatever toxic fumes you think are strong enough to sedate him, well, you ought to have your head examined! And when—not if—he breaks the seal on my device, where do you think these chemicals will go?”
Tony’s hand twitched for his phone, but no. Pepper was busy and, anyway, for now it was just a date.
“Listen, carefully, baby.”  Tony’s voice was rough.  “First you have to learn how to feel it, okay? You have to open your throat and keep it relaxed.”  He ran his fingers up and down Steve’s throat, stroking him soothingly.  “Can you relax for me, babe?”
Steve shrugged. “I’m not feeling very sociable. Maybe you should go.” He gestured to the elevator, then added, “I’m fine.”
“I see,” Harry said, disappointment ill-concealed. His attempt at a smile looked forced, but well-meaning.
Tony sauntered over and sat down next to Steve on the bench. Steve pulled his drawing close, out of Tony’s sight.
“Very. I demand casual soul food and going incognito. And, since you’re taking me out to dinner to comfort me because I’m a poor vulnerable little darling in need of soothing, I get what I want.” He fluttered his lashes.
Steve sighed and started making a pot of tea. He always worried about Tony a little when he went down his rabbit hole-- too little food, too little sleep, too much coffee-- but he knew that he was mostly just an over-protective mother hen (as Clint put it). This time it felt different somehow; the atmosphere in the workshop was . . .
“Of course I can trust you,” Tony cut in. “If having nightmares about combat debarred you from service, the entire military’d have to resign tomorrow.”
Rogers set the remote down very carefully on the coffee table and stood.  Tony's heart was pounding and his mouth was dry.
“It needs to be said,” she answered, hand firm at the small of his back. “You’ve always been so brave in your life; nobody should have been surprised by your heroism on the battlefield.”
Tony’d bought it. Tony’d bought it even when his mother quietly tried to plant seeds of doubt. Even when, more importantly, she’d point out that he could be all those wonderful things—smart, brave, determined, heroic—no matter what. Without even knowing it, Tony had taken in Howard’s brash orientationism over his mother’s soft-spoken, modest liberationism.
The team had sprawled around the living room to finish off the mulled wine and admire their newly decorated tree.
have pretty strong feelings about getting your paintings out of storage.” He looked disapproving. “It’s
“Tell him I’m coming down.” Tony paused. “No, wait. Don’t tell him. Better wait until I’m almost there.”
“Well,” Bruce said with a sigh, “I’m calling it a night.  Start over fresh in the morning. See you later, Tony.  Enjoy your date.”
“For Christmas tree decorations?” Tony let out a scoffing little laugh. “Nope, not really my area. I’m sure whatever you pick out will be fine.”
“Lockdown protocol allows me to alert you of personal communications I deem relevant,” JARVIS answered, then added a little coolly, “unless, of course you choose to modify my programing.”
(Steve’s in charge.)   The feel of Steve’s rope at his wrist. Hands on his skin. The sound of Steve’s breathing. Tony let out a long sigh.
“Really?” Colbert says. He glances at the cards in his hand and says, “Well, I’ve got a whole list of questions, but they don’t seem as interesting anymore.” Scattered laughter. Colbert leans in. “Say on! How’d you meet? Who is it and what’s this special sub like?”
“Really?” Tony asked. This was quite unexpected. Not that he hadn’t been forced to memorize and declaim classic poetry of the Western Canon at prep school, but the idea that someone would do it for sheer pleasure was . . . New.
“Wake up! Daddy’s home!” Tony called into the silent workshop. The lights flashed on. Dummy whirred to life on his charging station and made an eager little clicking noise. “Lazy buckets of bolts,” Tony grumbled. “Get over here.”
Steve was still trying to catch his breath, shaking and shuddering, when Tony shuffled down the bed and bent to lick the mess gently from Steve’s cock.
“A vulgar way of phrasing it, but not entirely inaccurate.” She waved a hand dismissively and finished her drink. “But he’d want to make it good for you. And he would
“Good morning, sweetheart,” Steve murmured, running a hand down Tony’s back as he blinked his way up from sleep. “Happy Valentine’s Day.” And then he said what Tony
Bruce gave him an irritated look.  “All I have to do is sit here.”  He shook his head.  “No offense, Steve, but I don’t think that this is getting us anywhere.  I mean, it’s not exactly hard to keep my cool sitting in a training room surrounded by my own teammates.”
As the doors opened on the common room, Clint and Natasha were walking over to the couch, carrying large, steaming bowls.
Steve grinned, and shook his head as he continued, “And, you know, the next day, it’d be Anna saying,”—he spread his hands, palms up—“ ‘Lasagna, Steven. Won’t be any good tomorrow for customers. Here, here. But don’t tell Luca—he’s so tight-fisted, my husband.
“Bruce!” Bruce corrected.  “And don’t be silly—it’s your curry too. You’re a good cook.” Bruce paused then added, “uh, team effort.” It was probably meant to be a statement, but came out with just enough up-speak to sound a bit like a question.
Tony sat down on the couch and patted a seat next to him.  Steve abandoned his newspaper and his armchair to sit next to Tony.
ps. So sorry I still haven't written back to comments on chapter 30!  Am trying to balance answering comments and writing the next chapter, but I promise you I cherish all your kind words!  :-)
Tony frowned at the screen as Bruce stepped into the elevator. Seriously, Bruce was a genius for sure, but he was unreasonably slow to grasp the necessary physics of poly-aramid construction.
Tony firmly told his libido to chill.  (Some more sexy making out seemed damn likely though.  And getting Steve’s shirt off maybe?)
Bruce grimaced. “The magical power of trust and friendship and love?” Bruce glared. “Forgive me if I’d like to have a backup plan!”
“Right.” Steve was smiling, but there was a sadness lingering around his eyes. “Thank you, Tony. I’m lucky to have such a good friend here.”
“So, let’s not think about it now?” Steve suggested tentatively. Tony nodded. “Yeah. Now we’re just Steve and Tony.”
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Tony leaned up to whisper, breath hot against Steve’s ear: “Is this what you thought of? This what you missed? A warm body, here to do with as you please? Did you think of it hard and brutal, against the wall? Want to pound my ass until I can’t sit for a week?”
“Who me?” Tony asked with coy surprise and batted eyelashes.  “On a superhero team?”  Tony looked down bashfully.  “Don't be silly!”
Tony teased Steve and Steve teased back, just as they had done for what felt like forever but was probably only a few weeks. Now that Steve’s first bout of nerves had passed, it felt stunningly familiar except for occasional little moments: like that shy, happy smile Steve had when there was a pause in conversation and he sat, just
Tony watched Steve sleep.  He felt exhausted, but couldn’t get his racing thoughts to slow down.  Besides, if this were the last time Steve would want Tony to hold him, he’d better take advantage of it.
“All right, all right,” Rhodey said, holding his hands up in surrender. “But I’m coming back to make sure you eat dinner. You got that?”
Steve’s hands left Tony’s ass and balls and he made a show of sucking on his fingers, laving at them wetly, as he looked up at Tony.  (Fuck.) Tony’s breath hitched and his hips twitched restlessly, cock bobbing.  Desperate to touch or be touched, he pulled at his restraints, putting more pressure on the column ties, which sent a rush of pleasure through him again.
Isaac’s subcommittee was still looking for an affordable short-term facility for their current east wing residents, but he was confident they could find something appropriate before they’d need to begin the renovations.  All in all, things were going well.  Isaac and his team had a lot to be proud of.
(Tony always thought that the moralizing, metaphysical mumbo jumbo was pretty far-fetched.  He felt fairly certain the science of the thing would have worked the same way on anybody— the mechanisms of cellular rejuvenation and growth stimulation couldn’t actually look at the guy’s soul, for Christ’s sake…  Even as a kid, though, he’d wisely kept his mouth shut on the subject.)
Steve nodded. The team seemed content, but Tony was uneasy. As Bruce and Natasha turned conversation to eggnog recipes, Tony turned to Cap, “Steve? You sure that’s okay? We can still do something more traditional.”
“God!”  Steve gasped, slamming Tony into the wall and sending the breath out of him with a cry.  “Tony, fuck.  I want you, want you so bad.”
Sorry for the slow update!  Er, and it's probably not the chapter you were hoping for.... But, I promise kinky sexy time soon!  (Or, soonish...)
Extra special thanks to those who have showered me with love and encouragement during my trying time at work.  (Y'all know who you are! :)
“What are you waiting for?” Tony asked. Seriously, he’d been working on this thing non-stop (except for
“I’m a lot better now,” Tony told him, “but for a while, it was bad. I still go in every couple months. Like, for a check-up, you know?”
,” she said softly, not quite a statement, not quite a question. Tony gave a slow nod. She held out the scotch.
At nine am the next morning, Tony padded into the communal kitchen, still in his pajamas. Clint and Natasha were talking quietly and picking at some cantaloupe, while Bruce stood by the toaster.
Steve nodded and smiled at his team.  The panic was receding.  He reached up to rest his hand on Tony’s.
“Avengers, report,” Cap ordered. He sounded exhausted. There was a long gash across his shoulder, uniform stained with blood and dirt.
“At least, if I leave the repulsor beams the way they are, with micro-electric-circuitry, you’ll have the recoil.”  Tony frowned.  “Maybe, though, it could pack more of a punch if I blended that with--”
Mostly predictable.  All the stuff Tony'd probably google out of the ice too, along with stuff that must have been inspired by conversations with people at SHIELD:  Taylor Swift and Lady Gaga; Tina Fey and The Daily Show; LOL Cats and Bill Gates.
“Go ahead and move, baby,” Tony said, his voice rough and gravelly, deep and sexy.  “Fuck yourself on my fingers.”
(“Are you gonna disappoint me or are you gonna really put your back into it?  Come on, you’d better fuck me like a whore, really fuck me up, handsome.”)
As part of my new strategy for incorporating my world-building into the actual story, I’ll be including italicized sections of popular culture from this world: bits on the radio, tv interviews, advertisements, whatever seems to work. Please don’t assume that the characters are hearing these particular bits of pop culture unless they mention it in the story, but please do suppose that it’s what the world around them often sounds like. Hope you like the broader view of this world!
“Nerds,” Clint coughed into the comm. Tony’s heart was starting to slow to something closer to normal.
. JARVIS replied that “Captain Rogers regrets he is unable to join you this evening.” Tony shrugged and ended up suggesting
Mrs. Rhodes had brought down plates of left over Thanksgiving dinner and stayed to make sure he ate them. Pepper brought him coffee, but didn’t try to draw his attention away from work with small talk. (In fact, he might have missed her presence entirely and drunk the coffee on autopilot, except for the occasional hug.) Bruce worked with him in his lab on and off. Eventually, Pepper had to go back to Malibu, Mrs. Rhodes to Boston, and Rhodey to his previous (undisclosed) post. Tony said goodbye to them all in the lab.
Steve gasped and looked at him wild-eyed; Tony tried not to seem smug. (After all, if he hadn’t come so recently, the dirty talk and begging would have gotten him just as desperate.)  He gave Steve a firm squeeze, then whispered, “I want to take your big beautiful cock down my throat. I may not be able to at first—you’re so big—but I’d like to. Like you to choke me with it, really fuck my throat, make me feel it.”
The look of tender adoration on his face overwhelmed Tony with a strange mix of pleasure and embarrassment (mingled with a sick twist of unworthiness).
“I was just thinking that I’d like to take you for a walk in Central Park, arm in arm or hand in hand,” Steve said and pressed a kiss to Tony’s hand. “And tomorrow, after we’re not keeping this a secret anymore, I can.”
Steve took a sip of tea and flipped through to see what Tony had bookmarked.  It was pretty much the first 88 pages: “Preliminaries” and “Basic Basics.”  (Isn’t that a tautology?)
Pepper’s brow furrowed with concern. “I don’t know.” Pep shook her head. “She hasn’t said anything. It’s a common last name.”
“I’m surprised the Captain hasn’t dropped by the Tower yet,” Bruce said suddenly.  He poured two mugs of coffee and set one at Tony’s elbow.  “To check in with us and, you know,” Bruce added, his tone amused, “bring you coffee.  Or something.”
“Though,” Colbert breaks in with a smile, “I heard a rumor that your first action when they landed was to announce your non-violent intentions.”
For a moment, the entire ballroom seemed to fade away.  Tony just smiled, looking up at Steve-- into his beautiful blue eyes--with Steve’s hand pressed to his breast, smiling down at him, expression so full of tenderness and--
“Yes.  Right.  Of course,” Rogers answered a little haltingly.  “I'm sorry I intruded.  Have a good evening.”
“Yes, sir,” Steve said on the other side of the room and put his phone away. As he approached, their amiable chatter faded at the sight of his expression, tight and drawn.
Rogers shrugged and added, tone almost back to normal, “So I won’t lay a finger on you. Besides, Tony’d be steamed if I did.”
Steve had no idea what any of that could possibly mean, but he nodded attentively as Tony rambled until finally Tony must have identified his confusion.
“You know I’m a billionaire, right?”  Tony asked.  Rogers cocked his head.  “You can’t bribe me with baked goods,” Tony added pulling out an éclair and taking a huge uncouth bite.
EDITED TO ADD: 2/4/2020: I've had a rough time lately ( https://ms-meredith-milton.tumblr.com/post/190431522891/not-great)  and must admit I won't really have time to write until I meet some major work deadlines in late May.  But then I'm hoping to set aside a nice chunk of my vacation time and have a writer's retreat with the hope of finishing this beast in 2020!
Subs were allowed into the military now, sure, but they were still a miniscule percentage, rarely promoted and seldom in combat. The military did their best to keep them out of the press too, unless they were part of the medical corps—you know, something more befitting their gentle, pliant natures. If Fury was true to his word and put Tony on the team, he wouldn’t just be Tony Stark, the crazy untamed sub, playing hero in a tin can. Not anymore.
Finally!  Sorry was so slow!  Thanks for all the kind words and support and to thatwhichyields for tons of hand-holding and working me out of writer's block.
about it.  Emails with Tony’s full name in them.  And they thought he wouldn’t hack in and find out?  Morons.)
“Just finished,” Tony said, sliding awkwardly from under the satellite. “And, sure. Let’s tackle the data together. My concentration hasn’t been the best this morning.”
Tony's entire body went tense at Rogers' voice, but he squashed the impulse to move, to scramble up onto the couch.  So he'd seen Tony on his knees now-- so what?  Tony had nothing to be ashamed of.  (Fuck you, Rogers.  I'm a sub.  I kneel sometimes,
.  So, yeah.  But . . . ”  Tony rubbed the back of his neck then sighed again, trying to gather his thoughts. Rogers looked at him with a frown of concentration, waiting.  (Clearly he knew some of Pepper’s voodoo.) Tony had a little more scotch.
“Nothing, just--”  Bruce mumbled, then said a little softly, “There’s nothing wrong with getting in more of a team mindset.”
Steve looked at Tony’s beard, fingers itching to caress his cheek, still idly picturing them in tunics and sandals.  Steve had read about homosexuality in ancient Greece, following the wikipedia links back and back from his (shocked, amazed) reading on the gay rights movement in America.  Steve was too old to be Tony’s
Steve usually didn’t like Bruce’s tea, but he’d realized it was a little like Tony’s offers of alcohol—something to share, an aid to conversation.  Besides, Steve was committed to trying new things.  After all, he’d come to like sushi and how weird was that?
expected him to deflate and sink heavily into a dinning room chair. Steve turned away and stared blankly ahead for a moment, then said softly, “I just . . . I keep seeing those aliens pouring out of the portal, and all those people who--” He closed his eyes.
(No, it was fine. They could talk through the ground rules, make a short contract, when they got back, it’d be fine. He’d--)
Tony took long, deep, even breaths and slowly Steve began to match him.  In, out.  In, out.  After a few minutes, Tony whispered, “Steve?”
(Oh thank God.) It wouldn’t be unlike Tony to work right through Christmas and miss the whole damn thing. Not that they had plans or anything. In fact, Steve had some sort of mystery plan, but Tony still wanted to give him his new Avengers equipment on the 25
Bruce let out a murmur of agreement.  He was still breathing heavily.  (Not a fan of flying, apparently.)
Tony took a deep breath.   He reached for a screwdriver, wanting to have something in his hands.  Eventually he said, “It was a long time ago.”
(Ask if he’s okay going alone. No, ask if he’d like company.) Tony couldn’t quiet keep the frown from his face. (But I fucking hate Church. And it’d be hypocritical!)
“Uh,” Tony began, a little shamefaced, “I maybe got an idea for that efficiency oven for Mrs. Rhodes and tried to multitask, and then spilled the—“
Tony’s hand reached up as if to touch Steve’s cheek, before settling on his shoulder. “Don’t hide.” Tony swallowed then added softly, “Not from me.”
Thank you so much for reading this!  If you liked it and would be interested in a sequel (or series) do please let me know!  Questions, musings, and reflections are adored and appreciated!
“Bet you could come just like this, couldn’t you baby?  Getting finger fucked, bending over and taking it.  Bet I don’t even need to touch you, do I?”
Steve sighed.  “You know sometimes, it would be really nice to eat at the table,” he said, handing a bowl to Natasha.  Steve looked at Bruce, who held his hands up in surrender and murmured, “I’m staying out of this.  Again.”
Tony took another sip of coffee and came a little closer. There was dirt on Steve’s boots and dirt on the left knee of his uniform.
“Safeword,” Tony answered promptly, then added (just to be thorough), “And my check-ins are ‘red,’ ‘yellow,’ and ‘green.’”
Tony buried his face in the blossoms and looked up at Steve from the corner of his eye with his chin tipped down to the side.
“It’s still early,” Steve said, “so I was wondering if you might like to—“ He licked his lips. “—uh, spend the rest of the evening with me?”
thorough with his grooming. (He hadn’t visited Jackie in a while, so he double-checked and touched everything up himself.) He was very much planning to
It took a little while to put Steve at ease again, but Tony awarded himself an A for effort.  With a little coaxing, Tony soon had Steve waxing rhapsodic about middle eastern art which he’d apparently been reading up on of late.
“Mmmm,” Steve murmured and started to settle back into the bed, wanting to reach out and pull Tony down against him, but the water had helped wake him up a bit and . . .  something wasn’t right.  Steve blinked.  Tony—Tony’s expression was strange, blank and neutral, his body tense.  He looked like he was about to face a firing squad, unwilling to give anything away.  Steve shivered.  It was a horrible image.
A Twilight Zone where Tony served the team breakfast and was a domestic little darling.  (What the actual fuck? Since when did Tony serve everybody breakfast?)  And there he was—all dotingly affectionate, showering the Captain with smiles and little touches, but he had to practically beg Cap for even a kiss on the cheek in return. Tony hardly said a thing while Cap focused on telling Bruce every minute detail of the fancy dinner Tony’d taken him to.  The spices! The wine! The décor! Sounded really swanky—a private garden table?
The Dom leaned casually in the inner doorway that separated the lounge area from the bathroom proper, and he was giving Tony a leer he no doubt considered a charming smile. He looked to be roughly ten years Tony’s senior, though his face had the tight, high look of plastic surgery that made it hard to guess. Regardless, he had five inches and a good seventy-five pounds on Tony. (Not that he’d done anything threatening—
“Forgive the interruption, sirs,” JARVIS said, “but there is a call for Dr. Banner at the main Stark Industries switchboard asking to be put through.”
This is a very personal story for me so, as a kindness, I ask that if you don’t like something in this story, or the way it relates to RL, or think I’m Doing Feminism Wrong—
He’d expected it to help put Steve at ease, but it seemed to have done the opposite. Steve was frowning as he took a seat across from Tony. (Shit!)
“I like hot chocolate,” Tony said cautiously.  He walked back to the island and set down the coffee maker while Steve got out a second mug and poured them hot chocolate.  Tony looked at his watch then frowned and glanced at Steve, then looked at his watch again.
“Let me know when you hit TNG,” Clint added, waving his hand at the screen. “Oh, or the recent reboots. I liked those.”
The new specs were only giving him a projected 45 Hz refresh speed—worse than a fucking iPhone! (Pathetic.) He rubbed at his eyes.
"Steven, we know you," Phillips added, flopping back in his chair and reaching for a brass goblet.  He filled it to the brim with wine and took a long sip.  "Not exactly low profile, are you?  And this is what, your third attempt to enlist?"
Steve approached from the kitchen. Tony tensed up with nerves and hoped Pepper couldn’t tell. He forced himself to relax.
Natasha had somehow mastered the art of aloof yet charming; the reporters seemed to hang on her every word. (And only asked a few questions about being a Domme on a team with so many Doms.)
, the one Steve desperately wanted to preserve on canvas.  Steve’s cock throbbed, hot and heavy between his legs as he moved.  On a sudden instinct that made him blush with shame-pleasure-embarrassment, Steve dropped lower to the floor, crossed his hands behind his back, and kissed Tony’s foot.  Tony let out a startled gasp  Steve turned his head to rub his cheek against Tony’s foot, nuzzling against it and breathing heavily.  Tony moaned.
“You have to give yourself a moment to recover.  It’s a reflex you’re trying to control.  Once you set it off, you have to take time to reset. Relax and—“  Steve moved his tongue against Tony’s shaft.  “Just,
“You’re looking pretty good yourself, handsome,” Tony said, leaning up to kiss Steve’s cheek.  “So, where are we headed?”
“That sounds amazing.”  Steve said it earnestly, with absolute sincerity.  Tony squinted at Steve, searching his face for something else, but after a few seconds Tony relaxed.
Hot sharp sweet, the waves of pleasure went on until it turned to almost pain, as Steve kept lapping at his over-sensitive, softening cock. Tony twisted his hips away and Steve allowed it.
The dual sensations—the warm wet pressure on his dick, and that tantalizing finger pressing very slowly in and out, not far, just a little, fucking into him gently . . .
“It doesn't look like things are going well down there.” Steve helped himself to a glass of orange juice and peered over at Bruce's creation. Something with lentils and chickpeas. “He told me to 'fuck the fuck off' and let him work.”
Rogers nodded and took a seat in the armchair across from Tony. He perched awkwardly on the edge of the seat, elbows on his knees, leaning forward. He cupped his scotch in both hands, expression intent. Tony sighed.
As always, thank you for reading!  I am very thankful for all the support and enthusiasm you give me.  It's a pleasure and a privilege to share my story with you.
Now it was Tony’s turn to let out a disgusted snort.  Rogers gave him an inquisitive look and muted another car commercial.
“Oh, great!” Tony said, a little too brightly and a little too enthusiastically. “Hey, say ‘hi’ to her for me, would you?”
“We’re done here,” Tony interrupted. He turned and started walking away, then added over his shoulder: “Worst.  Apology.  Ever!”
“Oh, it’s no big deal,” Steve said, shrugging. Tony looked at the pile of letters and wondered how many of these Captain America answered.
Steve nodded and squirmed closer in Tony’s arms, his breathing going heavy once more.  He pressed closer to rub his body against Tony’s.  (So greedy, so eager. Please, I--)
Tony startled as Bruce bumped his shoulder against him.  His brow was creased in concern.  “You okay, Tony?” Bruce murmured softly.
“But, like you said, I’m taking you on a date,” Tony said. “So, why don’t we put these in some water and—“
Tony’s frown deepened to a scowl. (Why the hell would Rogers bail like that? Had Tony done something wrong? Was he so poor a fighter Cap didn’t want to waste his time on him? Or did--)
Pepper snorted.  “The shoes.  The flowers.  Yes, I know they were intended as a thank you and I appreciate that, even if I’m not exactly sure what it is you’re thanking me for, but they’re also an invitation to talk.  You wouldn’t have included the note like that if you didn’t want to talk about it.  So,”--  Pepper took a sip of her wine and gave him a little smile-- “you can ramble as long as you like, but I’m going to keep asking you what’s going on.  Because I know that under all your bluster you want to tell me and I want to listen.”  A pause.  “Because I care about you.”
“Mmmm,” Tony murmured, pulling another big bite of noodles into his mouth with a slurp. The specs on the poly-aramid looked great. He hated not to do the whole thing from scratch, but the workshop wasn’t set up for that kind of manufacturing. Besides, Leo was the best. He’d take care of it. And
As breakfast wound to a close, Steve got up to start on the dishes. Before Tony could offer his help, Bruce leapt up.
me.)  And it hurt, a sharp twisting pain, to realize he’d been wrong and there was still no one.  (Oh God, Rogers. You’re so fucking pathetic.)
“For nothing?” Tony repeated incredulously, then said in a more seductive tone, “Anticipation can be its own pleasure, darling.”
“Fellas used to give a set to their sub to wear when they went off to the front,” Steve explained softly as Tony lifted the battered dog tags out of the box. “I never had a sub to give a set to, but I used to daydream about the kind of fella I’d want to give them to. Someone like you.” Steve suddenly looked almost embarrassed. “Anyway, it’s really nothing. I just thought, well, maybe you’d like to have them now.”
Steve’s eyes were warm and hopeful; he stroked Tony’s hip in a long caress and Tony was surprised to find that Steve’s ears had actually gone a bit pink now. He rushed on:
“Perch still hol—“ Hawk began, then swore. “Shit— Nope, looks like they’ve figured out where I am and are headed my way. Iron Man?”
As soon as Katie and Mikie came on stage to wrap things up, Bruce practically sprinted for the door. Natasha sauntered gracefully and Clint blew kisses to the reporters. Tony left with casual bravado and held the door for Steve who smiled and waved a little awkwardly.
telling them would make it seem like a thing. They weren’t keeping it a secret or anything—or were they?
Oh damn, that felt good. Tony rubbed his cheek against Steve’s thigh and resisted the temptation to try and suck on the man’s fingers. (Mmmm….)
“Why thank you, Mr. Stark,” she said, somewhere between rolling her eyes and smiling amusement.  (Good.  That’s good.)  “It’s nice to know that you appreciate the skills I cultivated as an English major. Though you do realize--”
Clint took a startled step back and fell into a defensive stance without conscious thought as Cap leapt forward, raised his hands abruptly, and then—froze.  Cap shuddered visibly and took a deep breath.
.)  He’d master everything Tony would teach him.  Steve breathed in through his nose and tried to relax his throat, imagining Tony’s cock deep inside him.  He’d kneel on the floor and Tony would wrap his fist in Steve’s hair to move his head, pulling almost too hard, but not quite.  Tony’d be panting, gasping out praise and filth:
“What can I do for ya, Cap?”  Tony asked, tearing his eyes away from the charts he’d been working on.
Really, the Master Contract was for JARVIS. Just a master file where Tony stored notes and preferences from which J could help him whip up a speedy little contract for a night or a weekend. A template. J was the only person who’d ever seen the whole thing.
Steve came in hot thick pulses, pouring into Tony’s mouth; he clenched hard around Tony’s fingers as the waves of his orgasm washed over him.
Tony was still talking:  “I want to know, to understand, what went wrong.  Whatever it was, we need to talk about it . . . before making any—“  he paused. His voice was heavy. “-- major decisions.”
“Good,” Steve said nodding decisively. “If it’s random we’re less likely to encounter further hostilities, but let’s not make any assumptions. So, two objectives: first, prepare for additional attacks, repeated by arachnoids or perpetrated by as-yet-unknown forces; second, determine and address the root cause of these . . .
“I just—“ Steve looked over at Tony, his eyes red-rimmed and his voice rough, “I just miss him so damn much, you know?”
Tony’s heart leapt.  (Steve!  I--)  Tony was still struggling, fumbling around for words, when Steve kissed his cheek again and pulled away.  He glanced around.
Tony took a long, deep contented breath as Steve worked a careful finger inside him. His eyes fluttered shut as Steve pressed in and out a few times; when he opened them, Steve was gazing at him with rapt attention.
Whenever Steve seemed to be nearing the edge, he’d go still, breathing deeply, before fucking Tony again. (Seemed he had something to prove to himself…)
Steve couldn’t quite keep the impatience out of his tone, but her smile widened despite that (or perhaps, oddly, because of it).
Steve nodded and started to get up, but Tony held him on the couch a moment longer as he added:  “Steve, it may take me a little while.  Maybe ten minutes.  Maybe more, but don’t worry—I’m coming.  If you get uncomfortable on the floor, I want you to lie down in the bed to wait for me.  All right?”
“In the flesh.” Tony shrugged and came through the doorway. He swung by the fridge for a bottle of cold water before confronting Rogers
to submit.  To me.  I love knowing that you trust me this much, even if that trust sometimes terrifies me.   I love you.  It’s an honor to have you as my lover and as my sub.”
It looked nice. Crisp, controlled, orderly on the page. Steve drew a boarder around the words with firm pen strokes. Then wondered if it would be silly to sketch a few downy feathers, fluttering on the page, falling from the letters and--
Maybe Cap had been thinking of Jason Hanson when he’d come running at the gala. Hanson’s bullshit had happened over a decade ago for Tony, but Rogers had only known about it for a couple of months, tops.
Tony ripped the wrapping paper with gusto while around him Nat, Bruce, and Steve opened their packages more gingerly.
Thanks so much for reading and for your patience!  Comments are cherished and adored.  Sorry slow writer is slow. Your encouragement feeds the muse!
Steve frowned and blinked, then rushed on his voice intense and urgent: “I like you just as you are. You know that, don’t you? I don’t expect you to change for—“
Tony shook his head. It wasn’t like Steve needed to get naked, just down to his undies. (Unless he went commando. Ha! Howling Commandos!) Come to think of it, though, Tony’d never seen Steve changing in the locker room with him and Clint. Guy must be pretty shy. Tony tapped impatiently at his workbench while he waited for Steve to change.
I decided to start putting the out-takes and snippets all in once place and wrote one about Bucky and Steve.  They can all be found here: http://archiveofourown.org/series/297383
Tony felt achy and fidgety, desperate to get out of bed, to go down to the workshop.  He could get JARVIS to throw the surveillance video up on the screens for post-mortem. (And, shit, maybe he should have checked with Steve about that. . .)  If Tony watched the footage, he’d have more accurate data.  After all the human memory was far from perfect and he’d been especially distracted.  (But he hadn’t—he had been focused on Steve.  Hadn’t he?)  Steve nuzzled Tony’s chest in his sleep and Tony firmly pushed away thoughts of his beautiful, serene workshop—he couldn’t leave Steve to wake up alone.
“Beautiful,” Tony murmured.  He ran his hands up and down Steve’s back, his sides, then grasped his hips for a second before starting to kneed and pinch at Steve’s ass.  Steve’s cock leapt and throbbed, his balls heavy between his legs as he struggled not to move.  (Good. Be good. . . )
Tony glanced aside again and, yeah, bus stop guy was definitely taking surreptitious photos. Steve turned to wave from the door and Tony waved back with a grin. As soon as Steve was safely inside, though, Tony spun to approach the bus stop.
Instead, once he’d created JARVIS, he’d just added little notes and corrections, one at a time as he discovered new things that worked or didn’t.
Ms Potts walked briskly towards a boxy black Mercedes-Benz, its famous hood ornament glistening silver.  Steve’s stomach twisted with loathing. (His mind flashed to flickering news reels and swastikas, the Fuhrer on parade.). Steve took a deep breath; lots of people in America drove them now.  Tony had one too.
“Yep!” Tony popped the ‘p’ and rocked back on his heels. “And then I wanna go to some cheap bar. Someplace we’d
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Tony pet the spot he’d swatted and said, “I don’t want you rubbing off on the mattress.  You’ll come when I say you can.”
All cheer leading hugely appreciated!  If you enjoyed anything in particular, you know how much I cherish hearing about it.
“Hey, JARVIS?” Tony called as he rode down to his workshop. “You didn’t mention that you were giving Rogers history quizzes.”
They were silent for a few moments, the only sound the beeping of medical equipment and the buzz of the florescent lights in the hallway.
“Oh, I’m not after your money,” Jackie purred. “I want another kind of currency entirely. You tell me who Captain America’s sub is and I’ll fit you in this afternoon.”
(And—almost as embarrassing—he realized that he’d assumed Steve wasn’t home, since he hadn’t dropped by the workshop.)
Steve went for a run.  It made sense that he ran alone, since nobody could really keep up with him and running was supposed to be a solitary activity anyway.  (So what if he saw tons of couples out running.)  It was winter in New York.  He was supposed to feel cold.  (So what if it was inside and out.)  He ran and ran and ran.
Steve’s reluctance was obvious, some sort of inward battle taking place, but after a few moments he took out his wallet and handed Tony a small, very old black and white photograph that had been folded inside. It was a picture of Steve, thin face, tiny shoulders, sunken chest. Steve before the serum.
“But I think that’s the point Tony was making,” Bruce was saying as he came into the kitchen with Natasha.
Steve blinked.  Tony unhooked Steve from the (hastily added…) d-rings then unclasped the restraints from around his wrists.  Tony ran his tongue across Steve’s skin, tracing the place the restraints had been, then rubbed gently at them.  (Everything looked fine.  The restraints were very well padded and soft.)  Steve twitched a little.  When Tony released his hands, Steve’s arms flopped down to the bed, limp.  Tony held back a chuckle—he felt rather boneless himself.
Steve looked perfect and was fiddling nervously with his cuffs. He wore a plain white collared shirt with a subtle grey stripe, modern but not aggressively so. (Katie had proposed Steve appear in uniform, but he’d put his foot down—Clint and Nat weren’t going in their cat suits, Tony wasn’t wearing the armor, and what would Bruce wear? A lab coat? Tony’d backed Steve up vociferously.)
“That’s me,” Steve said, gesturing to the photo. “I keep it to remember where I came from. Who I really am, you know? Well,” he shook his head, “you can see, I wasn’t exactly the sort of Dominant people were looking for back then. Or now either, I guess.”
“Bullshit.”  Tony climbed onto his stood and leaned close to the screen, peering at Rhodey’s face.  He rolled his eyes.
Steve rested his cheek on the top of Tony’s head with a little sigh and squeezed Tony’s knee.  Tony ran his fingers up and down Steve’s thigh, squirming closer, but when Steve’s muscles went tense Tony stopped.  (Shit.)
Steve woke to the sound of Tony mumbling in his sleep.  It sounded like he was saying “variable. . . twenty-seven. . . ninety-three. . . hypotenuse,” and then after a long pause, “penguin!”  Steve wasn’t really sure.  Whatever it was, though, he found the idea that Tony was dreaming about math penguins unbearably adorable and he propped up on his shoulder to watch.
“On a scale of ‘wish I were dead’ to ‘totally worth it,’ this morning I was at ‘should have skipped the last two drinks.’ So, I’d say pretty good.”
) and eased forward.  He gagged.  (No!  Damn it!)   A frustrated little noise escaped as he pulled back to suck Tony’s cock again.
Finally Rogers said, “I’m sorry, I still don’t . . .” He shook his head, then asked, “Can’t we be different, but equal?”
“You have no idea,” Steve muttered darkly.  He shook his head and asked abruptly, “Do you ever think we’d be better off without SHIELD?”
Tony closed his eyes, breathing heavily.  He held back, of course— he had to be careful of Steve, be good to him,  go slowly.  (Oh fuck, he’s inexperienced!  Don’t rush.  There’s time.)  Steve’s past was a network of landmines Tony was terrified to step on.  (Nothing that sounds like a slur, stupid.  He’s heard enough insults.  And why the fuck do you want to call your boyfriend a whore, anyway?)
I’d like to express my infinite gratitude for everyone who has stuck with me, encouraged me, and cheered me on! I’m overwhelmed by your kindness. This chapter is dedicated to thatwhichyields, my dedicated beta, without whom this story would have been abandoned years ago.
“Very well, Captain,” Fury said, rising to his feet.  Dominick looked at him, momentarily flummoxed and outraged, before schooling his features blank.
Steve had been restless all day, probably because he’d skipped his morning run .  It was finally Monday and he hadn’t wanted to be out on his run when Tony got home.  In case Tony asked for him. (Which was absurd. He never had--why would he now?)
“Anyway,” Rhodey pressed on as the elevator doors closed behind them. “I just wanted to ask you something.” Rhodey hesitated. “See, I’ve told Steve just about every good story I’ve got from seventeen years in the service. Not the heavy ones, but the hijinks, you know? Guess how many stories he’s told me.” Rhodey paused for effect; Tony didn’t guess. “None. Not one.”
Tony was pretty sure that Clint and Natasha were humoring Bruce, but he couldn’t actually tell.  Which made sense, since, duh—spies.
“Honestly, I don’t know.”  Tony gave her a wide, baffled grin, swept up in her enthusiasm.  “I was just teasing him and then out of nowhere we were having this serious conversation and suddenly—” (Shit!  Don’t say too much.  You promised the kinky stuff’s private.)  “—suddenly, Steve was saying he’s gay and he—”  (--
Steve’s expression had slowly shifted from dismay (uh-oh) to amusement (better?). He started to chuckle.
. . . . . . . . . . . . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Steve continued more softly: “I know exactly how lucky I am.  Tony’s my best friend. He’s brave and kind and brilliant. He made it bearable here when I was struggling to adjust. And now that he’s--  That we’re--” Steve seemed to struggle for words and eventually just turned back to Tony and looked at him with that intense look of his--so full of tenderness and longing.  “I know exactly how lucky I am.”
“Well,” Tony said with an awkward metal shrug, “It’s not gonna do something differently just ‘cause we’re staring at it. Wanna go back to the mini-lab on the quinjet and watch the readings with a cup of coffee? I’ve got all those hypotheticals loaded and few little devices I’ve been working on and—.”
She looked down at him, three inches taller even when Tony wore boots.  Her voice was calm, matter of fact: “My orientation brought me to Ms. Potts attention and it was easier to pass her vetting than yours. Your guard was down around me because of her.”
“Look, Rogers,” Tony cut in.  “Things have changed, not as much as they should, but you sure as shit don’t have to act all alpha at me just ‘cause I’m a sub.”
Steve stepped back and gave Tony a little push towards the now-waiting elevator. “Now go on. Good luck.”
“Just so I know what we’re doing—“ Steve said.  “Is this an old fashioned date?”  He rushed to add, “I’m fine either way. I just wanted to be certain.”
"No, sir," Steve ground out. (You don't understand . . .) He couldn't resist adding, "You're not a farmer either, sir."
Steve bit down on his shoulder and Tony came with a cry, spattering their bellies with cum. Tony clenched down tight around Steve’s dick as waves of pleasure and relief shook his body.
Steve thrust again, his thighs quivering, and Tony gave another encouraging moan. Tony sucked eagerly, as Steve fucked into his mouth with stuttering little movements. (Please, please . . .)
(No real regrets even if he’d had a rude awakening. At least, no regrets caused by the hangover.) It had been great to see Pep and Rhodey unwind. They clearly did it so infrequently. The team, though . . . He wasn’t sure--
“I’m glad,” Tony murmured. He was relieved that Steve was on board with sex (of course he was), but it felt muted by the myriad emotions Steve’s words had stirred, dampened by an overwhelming tenderness that verged on wonder. Tony kissed Steve on the cheek and repeated softly, “I’m glad, babe.”
“Well, you and Steve,” Clint said with a little laugh flipping the tablet for Tony to see. “Check it out. What a bunch of morons.”
Natasha radiated lazy contentment like a housecat, glancing over to observe her teammates from time to time.
With a light pressure at Rogers’ elbow, he moved them forward to the little gathered crowd. “Sorry,” Tony told them with an apologetic smile, his tone subtly confidential, “we’re still all readjusting; nerves are still a bit on battle alert.” Tony pinched Rogers arm and he nodded along, then Tony steered them away, schmoozing as they went:
Bruce and Tony both laughed at the much-parodied line.  Steve shot them a confused, slightly disapproving look.  Tony waved at him and mouthed, “I’ll explain later.”  Steve smiled and turned back to the screen with that rapt attention Tony was so fond of—and that Steve only gave to tv programs he particularly liked. Tony leaned over, leaning his head against Bruce’s shoulder.  Bruce smiled.
“I just felt bad for beating you so badly last time,” Tony said. “Had to let you reclaim some dignity.”
“I like to vary my schedule,” Natasha answered with a smirk. “Routines can be dangerous—they make a person predictable.”
“How do you define it?” Steve asked immediately.  (And wasn’t Steve just adorable when he was inquisitive?)
“Bruce, come on! I told you I had a breakthrough. Do you want to see all the schematics?” Tony flashed them up on the screens, then said with a frown, “I mean, I could try to walk you through it I guess. I’d have to catch you up on arc reactor technology to understand it, which would take you away from the weirding patterns, but if you don’t trust me to engineer the—“
“Tony,” he corrected, and Rogers’ eyes went wide. “My friends call me Tony. So, yeah. I mean, we’re teammates and friends, so, yeah, you should . . . you should call me Tony.”
“Tony!?” Bruce cut in. “Tony, I connected the leads. Looks like it’s almost done,” Bruce added, hesitant. “But, I—I how, I don’t understand how it detonates. Timer?”
“Mom said we were good for each other,” Steve continued, “said that a little of my gentle rubbed off on him, and little of his tough rubbed off on me.” Steve smiled, adding, “And we were both already plenty stubborn to begin with.”
Tony felt a sudden protective swell of irritation. So what? Cap wasn’t spilling great stories of the HCs omitted from the history books—books Rhodey’d already devoured in fannish rabidity second only to his obsession with the Tuskegee Airmen.
Work remains busy and we're now in the part of the story I had only very very loosely plotted when I began this so long ago.  As a result, chapters may be even slower than before, but I'll let you know on tumblr when it's taking over a month to write.
I fear spoilers, so I haven’t seen RDJ walk out of his interview, but on hearing about it I totally thought of Tony.  Luckily, our Tony had Katie and Mikie to help keep things under control. They are rock stars.
Steve grabbed his wrists and pinned them hard above his head, crushing them into the wall, powerful and inescapable and
“I’ll go,” Rogers said. He sounded miserable, still not quite looking at Tony. “I’m sorry for intruding on--”
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
I was going to wait and post this on the anniversary tomorrow, but I think it's as good as it's gonna get and I don't wanna wait!!!  Hope you like it!
Steve heated a large pan of milk on the stove, then added cocoa powder and sugar, whisking briskly.  He moved it to a trivet on the island and got out a large mug.  His eyes were prickling and he stared a little blankly into the saucepan.  Steve focused on breathing in and out.  He was lucky to be alive.  Lucky to serve his country.  Lucky they’d defeated the Chitauri.  Lucky to have a safe place to live, enough food to eat.  He should be grateful.  He shouldn’t—
“I mean,” Steve rushed on, “we’ve had dinner out together before plenty of times and I used to wish they were dates.  Sometimes it felt like they were, like you were my fella, but they weren’t really.  So *this* is our first date.”  Steve looked down at his pizza, then peeked up at Tony and added with a bashful smile, “This is my first date.”
p.s. There will probably be a rambling author’s note about this chapter on my tumblr in the next few days, if you’re interested in that kind of thing and you’d like to check it out.  ☺  https://www.tumblr.com/blog/ms-meredith-milton
“No,” Rogers said firmly. “Their strategy makes sense; it will be the best for the team. And as Captain it’s my responsibility.”
Thor’s cell phone started to play “Flight of the Valkyrie” and he boomed, “Jane!  Glad news!” before rushing from the room to take her call.
After looking at him pensively for a moment, Tony set the tablet aside and kissed Steve, gently and sweetly on the lips.   (In the living room!)  Steve returned the kiss, then squirmed closer.  (More!)  He opened his mouth, but Tony pulled back and drew Steve down into his arms.
Tony rubbed his goatee and rolled his shoulders, eyes still fixed on Steve.  Then he asked, “And what’s your safeword for?”
Um, sorry to leave you here...  I thought about waiting until I could post the events of the entire night, but the next bit might take a little while and I was eager to share what I have.  Hope you like it!
“You and Rhodey,” Steve said. “It was good to see you together. You two reminded me of. . .” His smile went a little wistful. “Of me and Bucky. It was nice.”
Steve’s phone blared an electronic version of reveille and he fell silent. He took it out of his pocket and frowned at it for a moment before saying, “Please excuse me,” and heading to the far side of the room to answer it with a brisk: “Captain Rogers speaking.”
Thanks everyone for your patience and support!  And thanks to everybody who decided to join me on tumblr.
Tony nodded tightly, suffocating on words he wasn’t allowed to say. Steve entered the kitchen and, before Tony could get a word out, Bruce had exclaimed his name and asked him to come to talk privately.
“Nah,” Tony said with a little shrug, and his pulse shouldn’t be racing over such a tiny thing, such a minute surrender, but his heart slammed in his chest as he said: “You’re in charge.”
“I told you, right, that I presented real late?” Steve asked quietly, turning his gaze to Tony again. His eyes flicked down to the arc reactor and Tony realized he’d been tapping at it nervously. Tony placed both hands firmly on the rails and nodded.
sound effects would you? And throw up some of the phone specs as a scrolling data read-out. Make it look all fancy and shit.”
, all right?!”  He set the dishes down a little too hard on the counter and then took a deep breath.
Then Steve went back and crossed out everything except “baby” and “sweetheart” then, after a moment’s hesitation, left in “pretty little slut.”
She rolled her eyes at him then turned back to Steve as she stood up. “If you change your mind, let me know. I’ll be in the gym.” She paused, then added with a little smile, “And, honestly, Steve—I really do think it would help.”
“There’s coffee,” Rogers added.  Tony shook his head.  Rogers looked a little amused. “So, up late not early, I take it.”  Tony nodded and Rogers looked vaguely pleased.  “Yeah, didn’t have you figured for a morning person.”
And I'm happy to report, I'm now on a little trip visiting my perfect, wonderful, amazing beta and she's taking fabulous care of me! And this means more P&P drafting and brainstorming while I'm visiting!  YAY!  I'll get to answering comments soonish, but in the meantime just, like, THANK YOU!
Steve could tell he was still blushing.  (Shit.  We’re in Tony’s bedroom and that’s Tony’s bed, where I . . . but you . . . Shit.)  Pepper said something else and Steve snapped back to attention.
“Sorry, Pepper,” Tony said as Steve approached the workshop doors. “Do you think I could call you back?”
“It’s really not that far,” Bruce said, looking at the address. “Maybe we should just walk. It’s not
As Steve finished unbuttoning his shirt, he looked up to see Tony, still reclining casually, that soft smile playing at the corner of his lips and his eyes half-lidded, heavy with lust.  Steve pulled off his shirt and tossed it aside on the floor.  He could feel his cheeks heating as he yanked his undershirt off over his head and tossed it away.  He let his head fall, looked to the side and bit his lip, then heard Tony take a sharp breath, almost maybe a
you now, Steve. I trust you. I’m not going to shut you out over some little thing.” Steve didn’t look reassured.
Tony was sorely tempted to avoid Rogers after the Guilty Omelet Incident, but he found he was unwilling to cut himself off from time with the team.  Or, rather Bruce and Clint.  (Natasha he wouldn’t mind avoiding.)
“Good,” Steve said, smiling back, expression almost dreamy. He cleared his throat and got up, pulling Tony to his feet too.
“Come on, buddy,” Tony said as they flew over the battle. “I need you on this. JARVIS is running all my speculative analysis. We’ve gotta find a way to shut that portal.”
)  He wasn’t having much success.  Tony gave a barely suppressed shudder of revulsion.  To think he’d nearly given that jerk a tumble when they’d first met.  (Ew.)
“Bruce and I are gonna peace out.  Tell Fury to put the mini-spectrometer on the quinjet in case the Force Field comes back; we wanna be able to mobilize that thing quickly.  Oh, and remind him that it’s
Tony just stared. Bruce wouldn’t meet his eyes and seemed to be breathing a little quick, a little shallow. Tony swallowed.
“Thanks,” Steve said, checking the time on his watch. “I’ll take you up on it. I wanna get to my run. I’ve sort of got a new running buddy and I don’t want to miss him.”
(Ouph. That came out wrong.) Rogers was staring into his scotch like it was an oracle, but not actually drinking it.
“Mmmmm.  Funny,” Tony murmured.  He stretched and smiled, eyes still closed.  This was a good way to wake up.
Tony ran his hand down Steve’s side, across his ribs to his hip, then back up across his stomach and over his chest to his shoulders.  He shifted closer, settling half on top of Steve.  Steve reached up to caress Tony’s back, inwardly lamenting the sweater.  Tony rubbed his cheek against Steve’s, goatee scratching pleasurably at his skin.  Then Tony licked at his lips and Steve opened eagerly for him.  Tony’s tongue tasted like chocolate, his mouth like port—sweet and intoxicating.
I really hope you liked it!  (Some of you totally called Steve's virginity. :)  And, hey, if you wanted to leave a little anniversary present for me... maybe comments?  Maybe let me know if there as a bit you liked best?  (This remains my predictable obsession.)
Tony felt a sharp twist of sorrow for Steve—at all he’d lost—but also a shameful and unexpected jolt of envy. The summer Tony’d turned seven he’d actually managed to make friends with the new maid’s daughter. They’d climbed trees and played hide-and-seek all over the grounds for three glorious weeks.  She’d been enraptured with the robot Tony made for her birthday. But Howard didn’t approve of a Stark being friends with the help. He’d offered to pay for daycare and little Sarah never came back.
“I ought to shoot you for your stupidity,” Pepper said, lowering the gun to point safely at the floor. “I thought you were some criminal here to steal Tony’s tech. I could have killed you.”
“I love you too,” Steve replied, in the tone of a sacred vow. He gave Tony a chaste kiss; then another slightly less chaste kiss, then pulled away. He ran his fingers through Tony’s hair in a soothing rhythm.
Tony headed for the elevator.  (Here goes nothing.  Talking.  About feelings. And stuff.  Yay.)  Tony shook his head.  He found Steve settled comfortably on the couch in front of Tony’s
With that, she slid abruptly from the booth and took a small envelope from her purse. She placed it on the table.
“Well, if you say so.” Tony gave him a little smile. “Fine. Photo. Count me in, but I wanna hold the drawing.”
. . . . . . . . . . . . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
When Steve’s fingers brushed lightly against Tony’s entrance, he moaned and struggled to tilt his hips. Still sucking, Steve looked up at him and did it again. (
Steve held back the sketch and examined it for a few long moments before discarding it with a sigh.  The sketching, tea, and quiet time to think had done him a world of good, but it didn’t look like he was going to make an artistic breakthrough today.  Steve walked over to the sink and washed the charcoal from his hands.
“I have no idea how a spectrometer works,” Rogers said after a moment, eyes still fixed on the machine. “I mean, I read about it in the encyclopedia, but even cross-referencing all the unfamiliar concepts I still don’t actually
Tony let out a low whistle. Steve glanced over to see Tony giving him that ‘solving a puzzle’ look again. Steve turned away quickly.
“Other than that,” Steve concluded, “I’d say they’re doing well.  Basic strategy is strong.  Excellent marksmanship and hand-to-hand.  Reflexes are good, though I’m sure Agent Romanov would be more critical than I am.  Maybe bring her in for a day too.  For the most part, they all did well on tactics, with the exception of Anderson.  I put it in my write-up.”  Steve shook his head.  “He didn’t factor civilians and team safety into his plan.  Consistently.  It wasn’t a race against a ticking bomb or something—he could have included a safety factor and didn’t.”
“My client values his privacy,” she continued. “He is exceptionally wealthy and well-regarded and can compensate you very handsomely for your services.”
“But, you know,” Rhodey continued, “I didn’t want to cut in if you’d been planning something special.”
PR team was that they already knew how he liked things handled. Michael had shooed Tony off to the workshop shortly after their initial meeting; Tony had offered no resistance.
“Glad to hear it,” Tony said, handing back the empty mug with a little smile as he slid out of bed naked. Last night, they’d pulled him into the shower and washed him sweetly before dragging him to bed where they’d curled up around him for the night. Sam had left Tony’s tux neatly folded across the back of a chair, ready for the morning.
“Longer than I’d care to admit,” Tony said, fluttering his eyelashes and giving Bruce a playful look.
Rogers smiled. “That’s kind. But, no. No, thank you.” Rogers let out an uneasy little laugh and joked, “I mean, if I can fight aliens, I can mingle and make small talk, right?”
Rhodey was still giving him a skeptical, worried look as he made his way hesitantly to the elevator.
Tony took a carton of chow mein out of the fridge and topped off his coffee. “Well,” he said, “Better get to it.”
When Tony resurfaced eleven hours later, he found Bruce and Rogers in the common room watching a documentary on Duke Ellison and early FreeDomism. Rogers was leaning forward, his elbows on his knees, chin on his palms—a vision of rapt attention. Tony hovered a moment, then went to the kitchen for a glass of wine.
Tony continued: “Did you think about the way I’d open up around you, sucking you in? Did you fuck your fist alone in the dark and remember that night?”
“They do,” Colbert agrees. “So, funding is one way to remedy the situation. But it seems like that’s only part of the problem.”
Thank you so much for reading!  I really hope you enjoyed it.  Comments are a delight.  Do you have a favorite bit? Musings? Curiosities?  I'd love to hear them!  :)
And then they were kissing, slow and sweet. Steve’s clothes felt rough against Tony’s sensitive skin, reminding him he was naked.  (Naked for Steve’s pleasure.)  Tony let his arms sag down into the ropes so he could feel the pressure—Steve’s bonds—at his wrists as Steve kissed him and stroked hot strong hands over his naked flesh until he was shivering and half-dizzy again. He wanted to rut up against Steve’s thigh, but that sort of thing was seldom allowed and he wanted so badly to be good. (For Steve.)
(Shit.) He needed to shower, deal with a messy goatee, do his hair, and—fuck! which tux was he going to wear?
Tony put on the Cap Jazz Mix in the car and they rode in silence.  Back at the Tower, Tony parked the car.  As soon as the engine went dead and the music silent, they spoke in unison.
When he finally looked up the hour had flown by and the curry had already been done for twenty minutes. Oops. Well, Bruce would have called before waiting dinner, so it was probably fine.
”  Tony stared at her, eyes wide.  (Wow. That was . . . wow.)  “Well,” she said with a little smirk.  “I’m gonna hit the showers.”
Tony’d designed the scene to prove a point, to show Steve how unmistakably he wanted all this.  And he did.  But to show that to Steve he’d let himself get swept up in it, let himself push harder, farther.  Because he did want it.  He wanted everything he’d told Steve and more.  Much more he realized— he’d had to choke some of it back before he scared Steve.  Or maybe himself.
“I thought you might like some coffee.  And, well, it’s getting near dinnertime.  I was thinking I’d cook for the team and you might have time to come up to eat?  And maybe watch some
“People don’t know how to party anymore,” Belford said with a little grimace. “Everyone’s gotten so boring. I’m sorry I missed the infamous 2005 fundraiser.”
Pep flashed him her shark grin. “Oh, Natalie Rushman and I reached an understanding while you were in the hospital.”
“Let me get this straight,” Captain Rogers said. “There’s a betting pool at SHIELD. About Mr. Stark’s dating life.” His voice was very calm, but Tom could see that the sturdy mess hall fork was buckling in his grasp. “And I take it there was some sort of competition?”
,not Tony, weirdly like masturbating but not. It was embarrassing. His cheeks heated, but his cock grew harder.
Normally, Tony’d serve JARVIS some sass right about then, but the hangover was a bit of a distraction. He shuffled to the bathroom.
Steve clutched at Tony’s hip with his right hand, his fingernails leaving little crescent moons in the skin; his left hand roamed up and down Tony’s thighs, caressing his balls, his ass.
Tony took the tablet and eased his way back to Steve’s side, shifting slowly and carefully, until he could get both hands on his tablet while still cuddled up against Steve. (He’d always been a master of Tetris.)
Rogers’ brows knit together.  “I don’t want to intrude, Mr. Stark, but if you think it appropriate, I’d like to be involved in the negotiations.  After all, I’m Captain and will be acting CO for the Avengers.”
Steve’s cock grew thick and heavy between his legs. Steve kept his head bowed and knew he was blushing.  (Oh, for crying out loud! Am I ever gonna stop blushing?)  Steve spread his legs a little wider.  He was tempted to put his hands behind his back, but Tony hadn’t said anything about that, so he left them resting lightly on his knees.
“If I hybridize the current aramid with scale mail gold titanium alloy, maybe . . .” Tony mused to himself. His eyes strayed to the BLT.  (The ‘tea sandwich.’)  He jotted down a few equations.
Tony couldn’t help the little smile that formed as he watched. (God, they looked happy. And, oh, hey—Pep was right, their timing wasn’t off.)
Steve froze and tensed.  He could feel Tony shifting behind him, taking off his own helmet, and setting it aside.  Tony unfastened the buckle under Steve’s chin and very carefully eased the helmet off over Steve’s head.  Tony’s breath warmed his neck. Tony ran his fingers through Steve’s hair, massaging his scalp with a firm pressure-- it sent shivers down his spine and made him drop his head back, exposing his throat to Tony’s lips and teeth.
“Steve, I’m using you how I want,” Tony said in that commanding voice that made Steve shiver.  “No begging.”  Tony stroked his back, firm heavy touches.
Steve revved the engine and headed back to the Tower, bike purring under him. He wanted to see Tony, to be with him in their home, to greet him with a kiss and tell him that he loves him. He wanted to kneel at Tony’s feet and tell him about Agent James, about the shame and fear and confusion, wanted to bow his head and tell Tony he was so sorry, beg for his forgiveness, and swear to Tony that he is trying, that he’ll do better, he’s working on it.
“Really?” Bruce murmured. There were more and more SHEILD agents in the hallway.  Tony doubted it was a coincidence.
“I love you,” Steve said seriously. Now wasn’t the time to tell Tony about earlier, to confess, beg, and repent, but he couldn’t just let Tony walk away and disappear for who knows how long. Steve reached out to touch Tony’s cheek. “I just wanted to tell you that before you go down to the workshop.”
Dedicated to thatwhichyields (who already knows why) and Convalaria (who will soon know why) and everyone who has kindly encouraged me to write this story with kudos and words of support.  Thank you all so much!
“I was thinking . . .” Tony’s mouth felt dry. “Maybe—if you still wanted to—you could ask me to dinner again sometime.”
after you.” Bruce let out a long shuddering breath. “And who knows what would have happened then. He—
“Nah, I’m good, just lost flight capability apparently.  No injuries.  And, JARVIS, we’re gonna have words about letting the boss have a special ability it doesn’t use until the end—‘cause, seriously, if it can breath fire, why didn’t it lead off with that?  Why do bad guys alway—”
Steve’s eyes were dark and hooded and his cock jutted out proudly. He crossed his arms over his chest as he continued to stare, letting his eyes wander up and down Tony’s body.
("Oh, and by the way, gentlemen, my safeword is 'safeword,' but I guess you knew that. *Everybody* knows that.")
“It’s really great to meet you,” Dom said stepping closer.  “I was hoping I’d see you around SHIELD.  I’m new.  Just came on from the CIA.”  Dom held out his hand.  “Chris Harris.”
“I was a last minute addition,” Johnny said.  “I didn’t do any of the presentation prep, but I’m happy to be here. I asked to work with the Avengers a while ago.”
I love him.)  “—plans.  I’m sorry.”  She perked up a little.  (Shit, shit, shit!)  Steve added hastily, “And, regulations or no, I wouldn’t feel comfortable.”
.  (Oh God, please, please, please. . .)  Steve jerked back desperately onto Tony’s fingers, needing it harder, deeper, more.
“Yeah, back off,” Clint repeated, tone challenging. “Look—just ‘cause Tony’s not the ‘white wedding suit’ and babies in the suburbs type, doesn’t mean you can—can just—”
Tony’d been wanting to upgrade his teammates’ gear for a while.  (Ever since October First, surprise surprise.)  Actual Kevlar was obviously too heavy and bulky to be practical for hand-to-hand fighters like Widow and Cap, but SHIELD’s substitute material sacrificed a lot of protection for its increased flexibility.  Tony was pretty sure he could do better.  (Who’s he kidding?  Of course he can.)
“When I try to hurry things up,” Tony murmured into Steve’s ear, “you give me a little shake and say, ‘Shhh, sweetheart. Don’t rush me. I’m in charge,’ and I let you set the pace even though it’s torture. And when you finally, finally take me to bed and open me up, I’m desperate for you and it’s this slow burn as you fuck me open and take me down deep and hard and . . . and . . .”
’s what you thought?  That’s what you think of me?” Steve bit out. “That I’m some sort of bigot?”  He got off the barstool and his sharp, jerking motions nearly sending it toppling.  Anger made him clumsy.  But it wasn’t just anger.
“Have you guys been watching Lord of the Rings again?” Iron Man asked.  “No don’t answer, I already know.”
—when it’s too raw. So, I wondered, has he ever said anything to you about the war? Or about the past at all?”
(See?  Look how mature and sensible I’m being, and with nobody here to appreciate it. Terribly unfair.)
“Yeah, I guess.” Tony frowned. “Thomas Belford . . .” He hesitated for a moment, looking for the right words. “He’s a creep. Feel free to spread it around.”
She shook her head.  “I should have explained the injection—I’m sorry.”  He tone was stiff, stilted.  “But I can’t apologize for being a Domme since it isn’t something I control and my orientation isn’t about you. As for impersonating a sub at first . . . It was--” she hesitated a moment, “—necessary.”
“Oh, no. No way!” Tony protested, slapping at Steve’s arm with jerky, uncoordinated motions. “Don’t pretend I wasn’t gunning for you—I was.”
Tony nodded. Rhodey reached out to clasp Tony’s right hand in both his massive ones, dwarfing it by comparison. Rhodey held on tight.
“—tell me how he feels.  I mean, he’s from the forties.  They thought he was sick or he’d go to hell or both, but those people, they weren’t some nasty subculture—it was everybody, or as good as.  He never even told his best friend, and the guy was like a brother to him.”
“Totally! No problem! But, well, there are lots of really great books, you know. Don’t even have to go to the bookstore! You can order them online or just get an e-copy. JARVIS can give you a list if you like. He knows my favorites.”
Tony took a sharp little breath and let out something rather like a choked laugh.  He shook his head and gave her a wry smile. “I thought you were here to give me a shovel speech.”
Steve gave a little snort.  (Okay, not the best way to say it,  but kinda funny…)  Steve shook his head.  (Not that you’ll be saying anything soon.  You can’t even
at Tony crooked. It’d nearly driven Tony up the wall and they’d fought a bit, but in the end Tony’d let it go.  (Rhodey loves me.)  He was willing to take it as the annoying affection of an overprotective friend not the patronizing act of an orientationist douchebag. (And, well, he
“Gotcha,” Pepper said with a little smirk. “It was terrible, wasn’t it?” She grimaced. Tony reached for the wrench sulkily.
Tony shook Silverstein’s hand, still trying to remember. He’d heard the name recently. (Oh! Right. Jackie. Jackie’s little birdies had commended him.)
Steve hunched forward, brow creased. “Just, you seem really tense. I thought this would be relaxing, but—“
She remained silent, though whether it was because she didn’t know what he meant (which he doubted), was ashamed (doubted even more), or because admitting it would be giving ground (most likely) he didn’t know for sure.
“Still no explanation we can find for your coma,” Bruce said, clearly displeased. He pulled a chair to Tony’s bedside.
“And-- ”  Steve swallowed and looked up at Tony again, his voice soft when he spoke, “and then I started to wonder, if the way I am was actually something wrong with me, why didn’t it go away like my asthma?  I mean, if it’s really a sickness-- wanting men, wanting what I want-- wouldn’t it go away too?”  Steve gave a little shrug.  “But there was a war on and I didn’t have that much time to think about it, especially since I was trying not to anyway.”
after Afghanistan. There were apparently more veiled ways to ask “Were you raped?” than Tony’d ever imagined! It had been the question everyone wanted answered, but wouldn’t voice directly. “Did they torture you? What kind of torture? How long, how bad? Any permanent damage?” were all next on the list, though the news coverage made all of that pretty clear, so—
“Okay,” Natasha continued. “Too modern with the lip piercing? How about Jenny from accounting. She’s nice, she’s pretty, and I get the impression she’s kinda old fashioned too.”
(He’s not going to dance with you, stupid. Especially if you’re asking to lead! Not after everything. Not in public. Why the hell did you think--?)
“Yeah,” Tony said, fidgeting with the suit stretched out on the table. “Anyway, I’ve upgraded his body armor and he’s coming down for a fitting so—oh, right! Head’s up, I’ve invented a new poly-aramid. Leo’s got the specs. We should see about getting this on the market. Way better than Kevlar. I’ll send you some!”
“Right.  Uh, well, she asked if you’d told me and then vowed she wouldn’t say anything more.  She wanted to know what I thought once I’d heard from you.  And, yeah, shit--”  Rhodey frowned, then gave Tony a rueful smile.  “--I really shouldn’t have repeated any of that to you, should I?”
any of that so, uh, I guess maybe I’m just asking. If there’s anything you’d like? For Valentine’s day?”
Steve swallowed and clarified: “I just want to spend time with you. And . . . and maybe get to know you better.”
There was something odd in the professor’s voice and Steve started to worry that the old man wouldn’t give him the referral card after all.  He held his breath as Professor Ellis finally looked up and met his eyes.
“So, I was going to name it—something like ‘the sentinel’ or ‘the watchman’ or something, but all of that sounded sort of evil sci-fi and I didn’t want to jinx it. You know, in case giving it a name that could sound creepy might make it develop a mind of its own and turn to evil and then we’d—‘
Eventually, Steve gave Tony a sheepish little smile, “I mean, I don’t know.  It felt almost like it would be cheating.  Like I was looking behind the curtain at secret mysteries I’d rather learn about from you.  Because . . . you’re in charge and I love you.”
A strange part of Steve felt moved to confess—to share something private in the dark quiet of Tony’s bedroom, sitting side by side, but not looking at each other. Like in a confessional.
,” Rhodey mimed grabbing something from the air and throwing it away. “So, are you gonna tell me your news or what?”
“Yeah. So, since you’ve seemed pretty into it, I thought we could add another cuisine to the list.     Normally you can’t get a reservation here the day of, but I know the owners so, even though they’re fully booked, they were kind enough to set something up.”
Steve shut the door behind him and shuffled over to Tony’s bed.  He’d never been in Tony’s bed before.  Last night, they’d fooled around at Steve’s.  Tony watched him-- this felt like a Big Step.  Tony threw back the covers and patted the bed.  Steve smiled and climbed in.  (God, they looked like something from a TV show from the fifties, with their serious-looking pajamas. climbing into bed without touching.  Except gay.  So, really, not like the ‘50s at all…)
The portal was closing quickly, swallowing itself up, then he could see the Iron Man suit break through, falling fast, but War Machine was already climbing at full speed, then slowing for impact. They spun out of control for a moment as Rhodey corrected his flight to adjust for Iron Man’s dead weight, then War Machine had Iron Man draped across his arms, hugged against his chest, as he flew down to the quinjet and disappeared from sight.
I don't normally manage to write and post a chapter so quickly and won't be able to make a habit of it, but P&P is my happy escapist place these days and I've really needed that lately.
Cap was digging his heels in. “I won’t apologize for wanting to look out for you,” he said mulishly.
Tony swallowed. “Cause, it kinda looks like you’ve been right here for four days, not even changing out of the uniform.” Still no answer.
p.s.  I've slowly been restoring the images I can still find post-Photobucket hostage situation.  Sadly, I had a computer death somewhere in there and I can't find the cover art I made for Life & Style and several other things.  If you have saved copies of the art for P&P, I'd be very very grateful if you could send them to me.  Just leave a comment and I'll get in touch.  Thank you.  It breaks my heart some of those images are gone....
“Shouldn’t let your guard down,” Bruce said smugly above them. He and Natasha had used an emergency blanket to carry over Tony’s entire arsenal and dump it on them.
“I know there isn’t a lot of trust between us, but I hope there are some things you don’t doubt, Stark.”
“No problem. No problem at all!” Tony said, drawing a crisscross over his heart. “As long as the Brooklyn boy doesn’t have a problem with a Manhattanite.”
Steve held his breath when he heard Tony’s soft footsteps in the hall.  (Had it even been ten minutes?)
“So, Tony,” Steve said, smiling, “what can you tell me about Persian dessert? Because, I’m not gonna lie, my expectations are pretty high after this dinner.”
—knees, a hand at the small of his back, to cradle Tony to his chest. Tony smelled terrible. He didn’t put an arm around Steve’s shoulder; it made him harder to carry. But he was light—so much lighter than Steve would have expected.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
“He seems fine, but really who knows?” Rhodey gave a little snort and rubbed the back of his neck. “He’d get hurt, then insist the serum had it covered and get back up. Pretty sure he had broken bones at a couple points, and there are big gashes in the uniform, but he never got or seemed to need stitches. Don’t think he’s seen any doctor either, except maybe Dr. Banner.”
“Yes please!” Tony said with a grin, then made grabby hands at Steve. Looking puzzled, he stepped closer; Tony pulled him in for a kiss. “Thanks, babe.”
Tony nodded and took another sip of scotch, unsurprised but relieved Harry took rejection well. (It was a good—and all too rare—quality in a Dom.) He looked out over the crowd, giving Harry a moment to “process” (as Pepper would say), and caught Steve’s eye. Before the man could look away, Tony smiled at him; Steve smiled back, look a little uncertain.
Steve walked to Tony’s bedroom and, after a moment of hesitation, removed his socks and shoes, but nothing else.  (Tony didn’t say to strip. . .)  Steve knelt beside the bed and waited.
“Don’t you know Stark’s a desperate drunk?”  Tony continued. “He might bash your brains in for a sip of--” Tony grimaced, “Bud Light?  God, if that’s not rock bottom I don’t know what is.”
“The agenda for this meeting,” Dominic said briskly, bringing up the first slide, “is to review findings by the Avengers science team, go over the proposed—”
“I guess it depends on if an extra-terrestrial encounter was as rare for them as it was for us,” Bruce said seriously. “And their narrative traditions. And the status of that particular Eewoo. And, really, a host of cultural issues we can’t properly imagine.”
“Roger, Rogers,” Tony said, refocusing on his mental calculations. He was distantly aware of Steve’s voice issuing brisk orders, agents moving around them, and the eerie glow above, but he tried to shove it all away. (Focus.) Numbers flowed across the screen and Tony lost track of time.
“I agree with Tony,” Natasha said softly.  Tony turned to her in surprise.  She quirked an eyebrow at him and continued, “Well, not in everything.  But the Hulk could be a powerful ally, almost infinitely powerful, if you can keep him on task.  On the other hand, if you lose control sometime, Bruce, and he
“Then where my hand is set,” he said, then leaned down to kiss and nip at his mark, “my seal shall be.”
“Mom,” Rhodey said, hurrying over with a certain understandable eagerness, “I’d like you to meet my friend, Steve Rogers.”
Tony laughed. “It was a joke, Captain.  They don’t exist.”  Tony paused and considered explaining that his repulsor technology actually came as close to replicating the effect as had been (or could be) achieved, but whatever.  Instead he just added, “Seriously, man, you really need to watch Star Trek.”
Tony ran his thumb across his thigh, knowing there was a mark there under his jeans--bright purple, where Steve had nipped and sucked . . .
There was a lot on the spreadsheet he’d have to look up.  (What was a CBT?  Enema?  Fisting?  Sounded more like boxing.)  Steve skipped ahead to a few of the things he wanted to write notes on.
Brue considered it.  He looked skeptical, but after a few moments gave a little shrug.  “Sure.  Can’t hurt, right?”
“Yeah, yeah.  I know what you mean.  So, what’s the deal?”  Tony was silent.  Rhodey frowned.  “Well, now
“Hey, Jarvis?” Tony called. “Get Jackie on the phone. Tell him I’ll get him two tickets to the gala and my best gossip if he can squeeze me in today.”
Tony nodded and climbed a little hesitantly from Steve’s lap.  His cock bobbed and swayed as he moved, leaking thickly. He suddenly felt very naked again, with Steve sitting there in his dress shirt and blazer.
“Doesn’t the name Jason Hanson* mean anything to you, asshole?” Tony asked angrily, trying to pull away. Belford let out a little growl.
“Anyway, enough about my gorgeous queen,” Jackie said, pressing his thumbs firmly to Tony’s temples. “Got any good gossip for me? Any news? FYI, if you missed it—like you always do—Perez Hilton laid into you for wearing the same tux again to that gala, but I was like, hello?
And then Tony was coming back with a second finger, teasing the outside of Steve’s hole with it while he moved the first in and out.  Needy, desperate noises fell from Steve’s mouth unbidden.  (
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
“They can play possum,” Cap announced over the comm. “Repeat—they’re smart enough to play dead. Be careful.”
Tony had to close his eyes. Tony took a long deep breath. (Jesus—why was he such a hormonal wreck? He’d blame it on having a bit drop, but of course he never went under. Couldn’t. Not since—)
Leila turned to Steve. “Mr. Stark tells me that this will be your first encounter with Persian cuisine, so Amir and I have taken the liberty of arranging a tasting menu for you both. Farhad will take good care of you. Welcome to Café Leila, Captain.
Steve couldn't keep back an incredulous snort. (Not cruel! Just wanted to pay for the pleasure of beating somebody up who couldn’t fight back.)
There was no answer, so he tried again, a little louder:  “Steve?  Would you like me to get you some water?”
thing?”  And arrow whizzed past Iron Man’s sensors to hit the simulated baddy behind him.  “And you get that in this analogy you’re
While Steve made amiable small talk with Katie and the other Avengers finished their debate about Bruce Willis, Tony started getting out plates and forks and chopsticks.
“Slow. Fine. We’ll figure it out.” Tony shrugged. Then he stepped closer. “So, what’s the plan, big fella?”
Tony shook his head. “I’ve got lots of work to do and should really be getting down to the workshop.”
As Steve settled, still grumbling about eating a ‘proper meal’ on the couch, Tony stared at the luxurious rug and the enticing spot at Steve’s feet.
Across the room Tony saw a flash of bright blond hair, broad shoulders, and pale skin. But, no, of course that man was a stranger. Tony wandered closer and with every step the differences became more apparent: he had the air of a perpetual body-builder, his neck fully the width of his jaw; his voice was loud as he spoke to a little cluster of subs, his tone thick with the braying machismo Tony’d always deplored. His eyes were dull.
Steve hesitated a moment, then gave her a little salute and snapped his heels.  “I’ll do my best, Sir!”
“So, you still haven’t told me where we’re going,” Steve said with a little smile.  (And what is that?  Is he sad? Wistful?  Worried?  For a man with his heart on his sleeve, Steve can be really hard to read sometimes.)
Tony blinked a few times and yawned as Steve shifted under him. (Had he dozed?) Steve worked one arm under Tony’s knees and the other behind his back, then carried Tony to his bedroom as if he weighed nothing. (Mmmm…) Tony hadn’t bothered to make his bed—he rarely did—so Steve set him gently down on the sheets like he had the night before, pulled the covers over Tony, and knelt beside him.
Tony scanned the ballroom for Steve’s broad shoulders and blond hair, but he’d moved and it was a bit like where’s Waldo in the vast ballroom. Still, after a few minutes of diligent searching, Tony spotted him: he was tucked away discreetly in a corner near the bandstand, obviously avoiding the crowd. Tony grinned and went to the side bar.
Tony, making Tony take it . . . but how could anyone possibly want this?  The idea of all that responsibility felt like it might crush Steve into thousand pieces just thinking about it.
Steve nodded.  “Honestly, I can’t fault him for that.”  Steve sighed and raked his fingers through his hair. “We may not be a conventional unit, but I’m essentially your CO.  The potential for abuse is right there and, well, I have thought about it.”
“I so enjoyed our conversation earlier, and well, uh—“ Harry adjusted his glasses again needlessly. “Dr. Banner was just telling me about Villani’s work on the Boltzmann equation and I’d love to hear your thoughts. Perhaps you’d like to join me for a drink? They serve really wonderful cognac at the Spirit Lounge just a few blocks away.”
Fury didn’t react, just looked at Tony with that motionless impassivity that made Tony want to fidget. But he fucking refused to fidget. Tony refused to look away first too. So he just stood there, staring Fury down. He didn’t know what was going on yet, but he’d be damned if he’d let Fury win.
(Pepper took communication very seriously.  This rendered her friendship with Tony all the more mysterious.)
“Legs only,” Tony insisted, waving his hands. “If God wanted me to have a hair-free anus, he’d have made it that way!”
.  Even while at SHIELD. He had a tantalizing problem to solve and was working on it without the threat of imminent death.  And he got to work on it with Bruce-- Bruce whose brain was a delightful quicksilver, whose voice was gentle, but firm, strong . . . Bruce who was (despite his clothes) quite handsome.  Things were good.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
“So, uh, speaking of unit cohesion,” Rhodey began awkwardly. “You know I’ve been hanging out with Steve, right?”
“Well, yes and no,” Tony said.  “Look, there’s no point trying to walk you through the science, but the bottom line is that thing over there?  It’s probably a portal.  And it comes from someplace where physics doesn’t work the way it does on earth.”
** “force of nature” was the phrase Jaune_Chat used to describe Steve in chapter six of “Permission to Surrender.”  The phrase stuck with me, so part as plagiarism and part as a shout out, I’ve given her line to Tony.  :-)
After practicing on the water for a few minutes, Steve took the cock in both hands. And, well, surely this was a good time to practice technique, right? The room felt warm and Steve was starting to get hard. He licked his lips and eased the cock forward. He tongued the head for a moment before sucking it into his mouth. It tasted a little odd—a bit like plastic and nothing like Tony—which was viscerally disappointing in a way he hadn’t expected.
“The boys baked you cookies,” Nat said, clearly amused. “All afternoon. Careful though! Don’t eat any that Tony made!”
Little by little, conversation wound down and everyone said their goodnights until it was just Steve and Tony remaining in the living room.
And, well, when Bruce put it like that, Tony knew it wasn’t unreasonable.  And Tony’d stormed off and made a scene.
“Beautiful,” Steve murmured. He kissed first Tony’s right palm, then his left, and then held Tony’s wrists in a firm grasp.
“Oh.” Clint said. “Oh, okay. Maybe not.” He paused and took a sip of his poinsettia, then suggested hopefully, “
Pepper came up to the penthouse to fetch Tony for dinner sumptuously dressed in a navy blue Vera Wang; it wasn’t nearly so formal as the gown she’d wear tomorrow night, but decidedly elegant.
“No, no.  I’m sorry for the jargon—I know it’s not your thing.   I was just stress-rambling.”  She laughed.   “You know, I never did that before Tony.”  And now she was really smiling for a moment.
“Thank you, Tony,” Bruce said again. Tony shrugged and handed an envelope and a small box to Natasha: season tickets to the ballet and a small emerald pendant. (One of his mother’s more modest pieces.)
Bruce laid a hand on his stomach. “I don’t think I could eat another bite. Unless I’m willing to miss out on the
“I guess we could watch an episode with the team,” Tony said grudgingly, snuggling closer. “But, I can’t lie, I don’t really want to. I don’t think I want to see anyone. I don’t want to leave your apartment or pick up the phone or go on the internet or even look at email. I just want to stay in this bubble. No work, no training, no aliens, no newspapers--just us.”
“Here, at least let me—“ Tony picked up his own dishes.  He put the mug and utensils in the dishwasher and emptied his plate into the trash.  Rogers was staring.
(But would he really say something? Tony had a certain reputation, and he’d made it pretty clear that he expected them to have sex. Steve had found it hard even admitting he was a virgin! What if Steve didn’t--)
“Wait,” Tony said abruptly, “Back up.  Do you mean to say that you were watching him.  Did you write a profile on him? Because that’s–”
Rogers hit ‘play’ and that was that. No reproachful glances, no cold politeness; no nervous fidgeting, no flirtatiousness. Just Rogers’ usual earnest friendliness.
Tony rolled up his sleeves and rummaged around in the toolbox under the workbench for a few minutes before calling up his first round of schematics. The failed prototype Stark Screen Select—S
“Stay,” Tony said, his voice a commanding rumble that did something funny to Steve’s chest.  Steve froze.  “Shhhh,” Tony murmured and then he
The elevator doors opened and the moment was broken. Tony strode in to the common room and called, “Look who I found!”
That night at the Pierre a couple of people had asked Tony he was feeling okay, said they didn’t think it was a good idea.  They tried to intervene.  Tony was . . . less than appreciative.
“I’ve been thinking about you all day,” Steve murmured into Tony’s hair.  “I was going to do some more of the reading Fury sent over, but I couldn’t concentrate.  All I could think about was you.” He chuckled, nuzzling at Tony’s neck.  “Worked myself up pretty bad at the gym.”
touch me again without my explicit permission.” He gave her a nasty smile and added, “Do be a darling and tell ‘the others’?”
Their kiss was clumsy, both too eager and frantic for finesse. Steve pressed closer, thigh against Tony’s, but not where he wanted it. Tony pressed up hungrily wanting more, wanting Steve’s cock rubbing hot and heavy against his body, wanting heat and slick and—
Rogers shrugged and shook his head. “Ten thousand a head, though.” Rogers let out a low whistle. “Hard to imagine. I mean, sure, donating the money, but the big party just seems kind of . . . well . . .”
Steve looked lost in thought, expression wistful for a moment, then concluded with a shrug, “It was lovely.”
“Captain,” an Agent (another Tony didn’t know) said, “Shouldn’t we do some reconnaissance? Send Iron Man through the portal to learn more?”
Bruce squeezed Steve’s shoulder again then leaned in to give him a strange little half-hug.  It felt like acceptance and support, but awkward nevertheless.  (Because, well-- *Bruce.*)  “Er, yeah.  Well, have a nice night, Steve.”
He struggled to drag his eyes open, then winced and screwed them shut as the light seared his retinas and made his head pound.
.  Bet he loved—huh.  Good question.  Probably Luke, the wide-eyed idealist, though Hon Solo was a real Dom’s Dom.
Tony stepped away to drape himself off the edge of the bed, then spread his knees wide and pointed to the space between them at his feet.  It was only a few steps, hardly worth standing up, so Steve crawled on his hands and knees.  Tony gasped.
A few moments later, JARVIS announced, “Mr. Lee says you’re in luck. He has an opening this afternoon at 4. There was a cancellation.”
“Amen,” Mrs. Rhodes repeated, as a smattering of the Avengers echoed it with varying degrees of awkwardness. Tony reached for his fork.
dating Captain America, are you? ‘Cause I’ve taken jiu-jitsu and taekwondo and can hold my own in a fight, but even
“Or,” Pep said hesitantly, “we could just sit here for a bit?  I know you said that the team didn’t mind my sudden visit, but maybe—“
Then again, running on a treadmill was boring as fuck so the distraction was probably good for him. (And Steve’s physique was a thing of beauty, in motion especially.)  Tony could tell Steve was still upset about SHIELD. (And maybe still feeling guilty about that long ago sparing match?)
“Do you think you can talk about it?”  Tony asked.  (It?)  Steve thought back, sifting through memories (beautiful, perfect, amazing) of last night.  Had he done something wrong?  (No—Tony had said the opposite: “so perfect . . . so good for me. . . good boy. . .”) Steve flushed with embarrassment as he remembered crying all over Tony, then jolted.  (Oh shit!)
“Mazel tov!” Bruce burst out with a grin, as if he’d barely been holding it in. Nat smiled. Clint’s look of shock was comical. He kept glancing back and forth between Steve and Tony.
“Pep—“ Tony cut in. “Thank you.” He lifted her hand to his lips. Raising his arm took effort and Tony noticed for the first time that there were tubes leading into his veins. “Thank you for coming.”
Once they were in range, his Eewoo passenger started growing a longer and longer tentacle until it could reach out for its compatriot. Then, suddenly and swiftly, it detached from Tony and entwined itself around its comrade. Both creatures hurried through the portal with astonishing speed, making the loudest, most high-pitched,
Tony lifted his empty coffee cup to his lips for the second time. The coffee pot was still empty. And, hey, they’d been down there for hours and Steve still hadn’t brought more coffee.
The eggs in the skillet hissed and Steve turned hastily back to the stove, saying over his shoulder, “I’m making eggs, but can fix you something else. And there’s coffee in the pot. I’m guessing you’d like some.”
“You've gotta be fucking kidding me with this shit,” Tony said angrily. “Seriously, Steve? Get out.”
Somehow, Steve looked even more gigantic when he was barefoot and wearing his pajamas.  Sure, it made sense to be built like that as a brave super-soldier or a veritable pin-up boy, but looking tired, casual, in blue flannel it was just . . . odd.  (You look so human, so normal like this…I should be used to it by now, but . . . )
“Oh?” Steve asked, a smile tugging at his lips. Tony nodded. “You inviting me to bunk with you, sweetheart?”
It was the strangest interview he’d ever been to and Steve was starting to feel an echo the professor’s uneasiness. His blush was spreading down his neck and he started to drop his head awkwardly, almost bashful, then reminded himself that he had nothing to be ashamed of. Steve raised his head again and threw his shoulders back.
He watched attentively and when Rogers tensed to rush, Tony tensed to dodge. Rogers was disturbingly fast and Tony barely leapt out of the way in time. The punch he’d aimed for Rogers’ gut hit his side instead and left Tony wide open; Rogers got a good one-two hit to Tony’s ribs. It was less of a hit, though, than a touch—a gentle “gotcha” that did no damage. Tony frowned and bounced away.
Tony blinked.  It was hard to focus.  He licked his lips.  Steve shifted his weight slightly and the movement rubbed Tony’s cock against his abs.  He gasped.
Steve bent over for Tony’s cock, a little awkward, a little unbalanced. The ropes pressed against his wrists as he moved.  (Oh God!)  It felt amazing.  With his knees spread, hands behind his back, he felt open and exposed and so ready to be fucked it made him shiver.  (Maybe Tony would after his lesson?)  Not that he wanted to rush the lesson.  He wanted to take Tony down his throat so badly he could taste it.
Rogers nodded with a pensive frown.  “It may be better to phase those out if we can anyway; having something for an opponent to grab hold of isn’t a great idea if we can avoid it. Maybe we should work on catch-and-carry a bit, if you have time.  My uniform doesn’t have a harness and I’m more likely to walk away from a bad fall than the others.”
“Fuck!  Look at you,” Tony growled, voice low and heavy with lust, “opening up for me like that.  Good boy.”
Steve could hear Tony breathing heavily and moving a little on the bed.  He wanted to look up, but didn’t want to move, disobey.  He could still smell Tony’s arousal more clearly, heavy and musky.
Steve and Tony took a seat at what was apparently their table and a moment later, the bearded guy was bringing Steve a beer.
Bruce grimaced. “We did.” Tony opened his mouth to protest, but Bruce held up a hand, adding, “But, I should have come down before. Steve worried we might interrupt you in the middle of something delicate.” Bruce said it like it was a silly concern.
The elevator doors opened on Tony’s floor and Steve walked him down the hallway; the hallway to his bedroom had never felt so long. At the door Steve paused, but he wasn’t pulling away. He just stood there, smiling down at Tony. Steve licked his lips.
“It must be so hard for you,” she said, voice dripping sympathy. “On a team with all those Doms. And having them in your home too!”
want to—so instead he kissed Steve’s knee and got to work on his foot, pressing carefully with his thumbs. Steve let out a pleased noise and Tony felt a little rush of pleasure.
The press seemed eager to get Steve on the record saying something they could spin as controversial, but he had a gift for spinning their premise out from under them.
“Don’t be silly—it’s not dark with the tree shining like that.” Steve shrugged. “I just wanted to spend a little while enjoying it before leaving for midnight Mass.”
“That’s kind, but no.”  Rogers shook his head again.  “I should have confirmed that my orders were carried out. Our team is ultimately my responsibility and I have to make sure you get everything you need.  Shifting the blame won’t get you that data.”
“—hate that you expect the worst,” Rhodey was saying. Steve couldn’t hear Tony’s mumbled reply before Rhodey continued, “that’s such bullshit, man!”
You absolute morons. The real question is what does STARK want with some idiot meathead??? There’s NOTHING special about him except his willingness to let the military industrial complex shoot him up with an experimental and HIGHLY UNETHICAL magic serum!!!
“That’s swell,” the Captain said, looking very pleased.  “And I’d like Iron Man to join our sparing.  We need to start learning each other’s fighting style if we’re going to coordinate in battle.  Learn each other’s strengths and weaknesses.”
him?  Bratty Subs Brought In Line style, like a more genteel version of Master Marcus?  Did he want to domesticate the great Tony Stark?
“Yeah,” Tony said, resisting the temptation to ask Steve about his mysterious reading. (Or forget about work and throw himself at the guy…) “Yeah, for sure. See you in the morning.”
Her shoulders went stiff at the sound of his voice and she lifted a hand to her face.  (Wiping away a tear?)
“The FDA recently approved our new anti-depressant. Designed to help combat Acute Sub Drop Syndrome.”
“Uh, that’s real sweet, Steve, and yeah, not on purpose, but I could definitely hurt you.  I really could.  This . . . this
“Not sure I’d know what to do with a concubine,” the King admitted, rubbing the back of his neck.  “Sounds a little . . . decadent. It might be nice to have a consort, though. If I could find the right fella.”
FYI: The story Tony references re: Silent Cal is a famous anecdote from the 1920s about President Calvin Coolidge, who was famously taciturn.  A woman at a party once made a bet with a friend that she could get him to say three words or more; he overheard her and at the end of the evening approached to say, “You lose.”
“Well if anybody’s going to play pictionary with alien life forms, it’s gotta be Cap,” Tony said. “He’s an artist, you know.”
) Tony had a hand on Steve’s arm and was looking up at him with a soft smile. Steve’s answering smile was joyful, blinding.
“You think they’re perfect, so you imagine there’s an impossible gulf between you.  But there isn’t.  There really isn’t.”
Steve closed his eyes and called up a scene in his mind. (Tony, pushing Steve roughly to his knees . . . “You’re such a pretty little slut . . . Take my cock like a good boy . . . You want it so bad, don’t you, baby?” . . .)
Tony’s heart was hammering in his chest, which didn’t make sense at all.  Natasha reached up and very lightly touched his shoulder.
“No! Sorry.” Steve shook his head. “I didn’t mean it like that. Not like my worth came from the serum--of course not! Without it, I’d still be someone who does his best to be honest and kind and do the right thing, and that matters. It matters a lot! But well—those are hardly qualities that would have brought me to the attention of someone like
Ms. Potts propped her box awkwardly against the trunk and fumbled in her bag for the keys.  Steve wanted to help--it looked like it might go crashing down, shattering bottles and spilling Tony’s fancy collection at any moment--but he knew she’d resent it.
“We haven’t tested our winter gear yet,” Steve said. “So how about some training outside to put it through its paces?”
“Stay put, man,” Rhodey said, his voice going a little raw for the first time. “No checking out early.”
Tony’s face twisted.  “Yeah well, you haven’t really been around much lately, have you?”  Hurt flashed across Pepper’s face and Tony’s guts clenched.
down to his core, exactly as advertised.  Is that it?  I don’t deserve him?)  Tony flagged down a waiter and ordered another glass of wine with instructions to keep ‘em coming.  Pepper frowned at him.
“It’s not the same. I should have come in person.” She shook her head, lips twisting a little. “I didn’t know what to say. There’s no Hallmark card for when your friend throws himself on a grenade to save millions of lives.”
Steve nodded, still focusing on staying open, relaxed.  Tony raised the cup to Steve’s lips, very, very slowly with a look of intense concentration.
Tony smiled.  “You’re welcome.”  He shook his head and added quietly, “And trust me, I know how expectations can be a burden.  But yeah!”  Tony shrugged into his hoodie.  “Anyway, we’re cool, right? Great!  Food!”
“Room 22, right?” Rogers asked, checking the doors.  Tony nodded, but as he neared the door Rogers dashed ahead, awkwardly dodged a pair of Agents, and got there first; he held the door open with a flourish, head high, shoulders back.
Tony glanced down at the test paper—clean. No drugs but alcohol. He raised his glass then hesitated—Belford worked for a pharmaceutical company after all . . .
Tony released his hold on Steve, unsure if he’d want to be held or if he’d want Tony to let him go, but as soon as he started to move away, Steve pressed closer, reaching around to clutch at Tony so hard he’d probably leave a bruise.  Tony opened his mouth again to ask what was wrong, then bit his lip and held it in.  He wrapped his arms around Steve once more.
It had gone well.  Really well.  A part of Tony was still reeling in shock—he’d initiated a conversation.  About a relationship.  And communication!  Communication in a relationship.  He’d never been good at these things before—not that he’d really had many real relationships, not the kind he’d put true effort into.  (Really, just Pepper . . .)  Tony blinked.
“A submissive has an ethical duty to offer themselves to the dominant in a good-faith way.  They should not try to control the session (or ‘top from below,’ as it’s called . . .”
Steve followed, content to be pulled along.  He settled into Tony’s open arms,  and rested his head on Tony’s chest, still holding his hand.
“I know that, babe,” Tony cut in, holding back an exasperated snort. (Ok. Rephrase this.) Tony took a deep breath. “
Romanov continued.  “It gave me access, access I needed to study you, to try and help you.  I did get to know you on assignment and, though I doubt you’ll believe me, I did likeyou.”  She continued softly, “You’re kinder than you let on.  More generous-- and not just with your money. Mentoring fellow submissives in Dominated fields is something to be proud of.”
Tony squinted at Clint, feeling a little lost. He hadn’t taken Clint’s surprise poorly, had he? There’d been nothing to offend him. Though now that Clint was apologizing . . .
“All’s fair in love and war!” Tony retorted, launching one of the perfectly packed spheres at Bruce.
“You were so beautiful,” Steve whispered, pulling Tony tight and nuzzling into his neck. He pressed a lingering kiss to the mark he’d left. “You’re always so perfect for me, Tony.”
“See you later, babe,” Tony said, leaning up to give Steve a quick kiss.  “Try not to let Natasha kill you.”  With that, Tony disappeared into his enormous bathroom.
They stumbled into Tony’s bedroom and shut the door.  Tony pushed Steve firmly against the wall and—
“All right,” she said, smile perhaps a little regretful. She squeezed his hand. “Take care of yourself. And let’s do catch up soon, Tony.”
“Also,” Natasha began, with the air of a woman delivering an indisputable argument, “think of Steve.”
At last, they reached the penthouse.  Tony led him into his living room and sat them down on the couch.
anything), but he was saved from answering. Rhodey’s phone went off—it was the boson’s whistle from the Starship Enterprise, the big dork.
“The oven does most of the work, Tony,” Steve said, corner of his mouth quirking up in amusement. “But, yeah, I’m actually going down to my kitchen to check on it now. Would you like to come see it?”
He brought Steve his favorite beer, dished out two heaping plates of food, and joined Steve on the couch.
Bruce was sketching a diagram on the napkin. “See?” Bruce touched his arm and pointed to an equation. “We’ve been assuming this ratio, but what if—“
In the elevator, Tony started worrying at his lip, then stopped abruptly. He refused to worry. There was nothing to worry about. (What’s a few hours tardiness between friends?)
) to find a certain cozy elegance: one wall stucco, the other richly colored brick housing a bright wood-burning pizza oven; the ceiling’s exposed wooden beams were decorated with Tuscan pottery; and the tables were lovely wood, uncovered, with a rustic finish and matching chairs. The myriad bottles of wine and liquor behind the wooden bar were an appealingly tidy jumble. It was warm. Welcoming. Worthy of the name ‘cucina.’ (Though ‘paradiso’ had yet to be determined.) And, although the restaurant was small, Tony was happy to see the tables were still a decent distance apart. They hung their coats on the hooks in the entranceway.
He blinked rapidly a few times, then looked up at Tony with a smile. “Hey, I think this turkey’s almost ready!”
Tony gestured at Steve’s unbuttoned coat and said, “For God’s sake, bundle up! It’s freezing out there. Can’t have Captain America catching pneumonia on my watch.”
Tony’s first thought on waking was an excited and very sexy series of numbers that didn’t really make sense in the absence of the dream they’d been a part of.  Tony’s next thought was, “It’s really warm.”  Then, “Of course it is.  Because Steve.”  (Wait.  Wait!)  Tony fumbled uncertainly towards consciousness . . .
Momentarily disappointed but unwilling to pressure Steve, Tony stretched out across the couch, head pillowed on Steve’s chest.
“I just thought it might be nice,” Tony said, as he took his seat and smiled up at Steve reassuringly.
Tony bit his lip and looked up through his lashes.  He rocked a little on his heels.  “I'm awfully flattered that you thought I could do something like that.  Me!  On a team with strong, brave Doms.  I mean, I'm just Iron Man; I couldn't possibly--”
“Now,” Pepper said in her faux bossy voice, “here’s what we’re going to do: you’re gonna get your workshop Ben & Jerry’s stash, I’m gonna make myself a margarita, and you’re gonna spill! I want the blow-by-blow, gorgeous, gory details from the beginning. I’m living in a romantic wasteland and apparently you’ve been holding out on me!”
“Okay, I’ll even the playing field,” Tony said. (After all, he had his thermal under-suit on.) “JARVIS? Power the suit for me, would you? I want him building my arsenal.”
But she might have an update about Tony, so Steve steeled himself and spoke, trying to force some warmth into his voice: “Good afternoon, Ms. Potts.”
“There’s a bet,” Cap said.  He was biting the words out, but at least he’d stopped yelling.  “A bunch of the Doms at SHIELD.  They have a bet.”
Steve jolted and looked up to see Tony Stark standing casually in the doorway.  (How long were you there?)  Steve was embarrassed to be caught feeling sorry for himself, standing around the kitchen in his Church clothes late at night, and he felt oddly guilty too for seeing Tony Stark so unguarded.  He didn’t look like he’d been expecting to see Steve either.  Tony’s jeans were tattered and smeared with grease and oil (or at least stains from it) and they hung so low on his hips Steve thought they might fall off.  Tony was wearing his hoodie unzipped, and Steve could see the fascinating arc reactor glowing through the thin material of his t-shirt.  (Don’t stare at it.  He must usually cover it up for a reason…)  Tony’s hair looked greasy and he had several days of stubble around the edges of his goatee.  Steve shifted awkwardly from foot to foot.
Mrs. Rhodes clucked her tongue at him. “Nonsense. Don’t suppose me some vain old woman. Leave that smile-at-the-cameras charm for people who don’t actually know you. Now give me a proper hug.”
“I’m not going anywhere,” Steve reassured, pressing a kiss to Tony’s knuckles, then pulled him close for a proper kiss. He wanted to crush Tony against him and tease him with tongue and teeth and wet heat, but he could be good. Tony had important work to do.
“On your knees, Tony,” Steve said, almost babbling, “Kneel for me.  Kneel, Tony. I want . . . I want--”
Another tear threatened to work its way loose and Tony demanded a kiss, not wanting to let it, not wanting more praise. Steve complied, kissing sensuously. Tony opened under him, eager for more and wanting Steve to take it.
“Hey, Cap,” Tony said from the doorway.  There was something flat in his tone.  Steve felt his face heat up with embarrassment.  (You made a damn fool of yourself yesterday, Rogers, and you both know it.)
Clint was scowling and Natasha ignoring him. Tony nodded over his shoulder and entreated Bruce, “Can we just go . . . talk?”
, please, no.)  Steve’s eyes were bloodshot and his face was red, but not with blushing.  (What have I done?  Well, fucked up somehow, obviously.)
Tony spared a moment to feel a little sorry for abandoning Rogers, but when he glanced over his shoulder he found the man was already surrounded by a little clutch of diminutive subs in ravishing evening wear. Yeah. Tony held in a snort—Cap would be fine.
The bartender gave Steve a queer look, but didn’t say anything. Miss Rushman studied Steve’s face with an intense expression while the man brought their order. Steve flushed, then turned brighter red as the man set the coffee in front of her and handed Steve the vodka. She traded their drinks immediately, paid, and raised her glass saying, “Cheers.”
Clint grimaced at the tablet, took a long drink of water, then said, “I figured they’d pair you up with Nat—both minorities, you know?—or with Bruce, because scientists, or with me, duh. ‘Cause I’m the handsome one.”
. . . of Agents down. Police. First responders. Spiders were escaping the perimeter and terrorizing residential districts—casualties unknown. The suit was getting dangerously low on power. Rhodey’d be there soon to take over aerial support. Widow’d gone radio silent, so who knew how she was. The National Guard still hadn’t arrived. Clint’s ankle was broken.
“I was wondering--” Steve bit his lip, “-- would you mind not telling anybody about it yet? Especially Tony? I'll tell him myself, but I think I might wait and see how things are going. Just, 'cause, you know . . .” Steve flapped his hand awkwardly, “. . . he's so good at this stuff.”
She had a firm handshake. The emerald at her throat perfectly matched her demure dress. (An heirloom, no doubt.) Her red-gold hair was tied up in a simple bun.
Tony’s motions slowed, then stopped.  He pushed Steve gently, encouraging him to flop back into the pillows, then shifted on top of him.  As they exchanged languorous kisses, Tony rocked against Steve’s hip with slow, lazy motions, his cock sliding easily, slick and messy. Steve gasped and moaned.   His come.  Tony’s cock was coved with his come, and the thought was so filthy-hot that Steve was amazed he didn’t get hard again on the spot.  Steve wished he knew what to do, but Tony seemed happy to just kiss Steve and thrust up against his hip, pace easy and unhurried.  Steve ran his fingers through Tony’s hair and kissed him back, long and deep and slow.
“Yeah. Thanks, Tony.” He could hear the clutter clatter of drawers opening. “I’ll pack my bag and come out in the corporate helicopter. And, Tony? Thank you. Really. For being so supportive; I know you don’t want kids.”
not even touching, left him flustered and full of anticipation. As he raced into the garage, Tony couldn’t bear it a moment longer. Really, he should have at least gotten out of the car first—or waited until they were in the elevator—but the instant he turned off the engine, Tony blurted (trying for a sultry voice and failing): “So, did you get my contract?”
“Hey, Cap,” Tony said. Steve’s head snapped over to look at him. His expression was tight and something about it made Tony nervous.
Harris laughed again.  “I wish I could!”  He took another step closer.  “So, Tony, I’d love to chat some more.  How about coffee?”
“Tony Stark likes to fight his own battles,” Nat said.  “Or did you think it was an accident that the electric locks ‘malfunctioned’ and left Agent Dominick stranded in a containment unit with a ‘broken’ intercom for thirteen hours?”
“Shit,” Steve muttered as he saw the effect his words had on Tony. He set the coffee tray aside and rambled on, “Sorry. Forget I said anything. Please? It’s dumb.”
“Yeah. I don't think Rhodey's been this seriously hurt since Tony gave him War Machine. I think it gave Tony a pretty bad scare.”
(Pepper had smelled like lilacs as she rocked him back and forth.  “It’s gonna be okay. . . You’re okay. . . You’re good. . . Shhh, I’ve got you . . .”)
Three days had passed since Bob’s latest appearance and prompt disappearance.  Bruce was off doing something like eating or sleeping or “decompressing.”  (He apparently didn’t do lab marathons anymore because they made the Other Guy cranky.)  So Tony was down in his private lab for a bit, spending time with Dummy and crew.  (Pepper called it “nesting,” but sometimes Pepper was full of shit. Starks don’t
Warnings: carryover from the previous chapter, so elements of past self-destructive behaviors; drug use; slut shaming; shitty media being shitty; elements of dub-con; internalized slut shaming.
“Looks great,” Tony said grabbing his fork.  Beside him Rogers had his hands folded and head bowed.  Seriously?  Well, at least he didn’t expect them all to say grace together or something.
“You’re so beautiful, Steve,” Tony said in an awed tone, moving his hand to the curve of Steve’s ass.  “You want it so bad, don’t you?”
“No, no media circus,” she said firmly. “Not even a photographer. Just a small human-interest story. One reporter, one outlet—somebody we trust. Small and tasteful.”
“Whenever you’re ready, gentlemen. Please take your time,” their server said, setting the bill down on the table and retreating.
“I can't,” Tony said and, oh God, his voice cracked. The anger had gone somehow and all that was left was a deep seated exhaustion; suddenly he was folded up in Steve's massive arms, held against his chest.
There was a loud whistling noise over the comm; Tony was pretty sure it was Steve letting out a relieved sigh.
Pepper answered, tone flustered, almost outraged: “Just there's something weird about it! I mean, he was friends with Tony's
“Not yet, but hey! Give me a little credit, I had a dozen of our top lawyers look at the thing.  You can see it too if you want, though, uh, technically I think that might be a security breach.”
(Seriously?  I’m giving a talk about clear communication in a relationship?  Ha!  I think Pepper might die laughing, not that I’d tell her and— Okay, let’s just stop there, hm?)
“May the gods of your people bless this union with joy!” Thor cried, leaping up and pulling Steve from his chair to lift them both in one of his crushing hugs.
, could just ask a stranger out like that.  At least Agent James sort of knew him and hadn’t just asked him straight to
“I just, I love you so much, Tony,” Steve began, his tone apologetic, his expression pained and oddly helpless.  Tony’s heart clenched.
Steve’s story of the Louvre’s treasures hidden from the Nazis is a slightly mythologized version of WWII history.  The greatest treasures were indeed evacuated, entrusted to civilians, and then returned, but my research suggests they were mostly housed in illustrious private chateaus not with humble farmers.  In P&P, I took poetic license and opted for the more sentimental version that my grandfather—a WWII veteran—told me as a tribute to French integrity and love of art.
“Thanks, J!” Tony said, wondering for the millionth time how people functioned without an attentive AI on their team. “Get rid of all the shopping screens for me, would ya? And better throw up the portal data too.”
Bruce was famous for his anger—supposedly it was what had created the Hulk—but this was the first evidence of it Tony’d ever seen. It was startling, but not frightening, though maybe it should have been.
“No, no. It’s the living room! I’m—” Tony struggled into his hoodie, motions awkward with nervous haste. “It’s fine.” He pulled the sleeves down to cover the bruises on his wrists.
And now a cry for help!  I’ve been hard at work on chapter 4—the spreadsheet chapter!—and have made an Excel spreadsheet and wrote the chapter in MS Word with various changes of font, color, and formatting.  (I’m proud!  I think it’s neat!)  But I can’t figure out how to get it onto AO3 without messing it all up.  If any of you have this skill or know where to find instructions on this stuff or can help in any way, I would be tremendously grateful!  I’ve been spending tons of time trying and failing to figure out formatting internet things instead of writing chapter 5 and that makes me sad….
Rosie had greying curly hair, dark skin, hoop earrings and a friendly yet unimpressed manner that brought Mrs. Rhodes to mind (though they shared only the most superficial of physical resemblances).
“When I woke up, tonight, after the dream I thought, I just—I just have to master my fear. Go out there and face the cold, take it like a—“
“I don’t believe you’ve met my daughter,” Tyrone said, chin up, shoulders back with visible pride. “May I present Ms. Sylvia Margaret Macmillan. Mr. Anthony Stark.”
Tony was stoking Steve, long slow touches in a steady rhythm.  From his knee along his inner thigh, brushing past his cock, over his hips and stomach, up his chest to his neck, then back to his knee.  Tony’s hands were so deliberate, so controlled.  It felt powerful.  Steve leaned back into Tony’s embrace, the belt around his wrists a steady pressure.  Tony’s caresses neither sped nor slowed and soon it was a struggle for Steve not to buck his hips at every pass of Tony’s hand.
“No! Don’t. I’m not trying to chase you out,” Tony said, then added with suppressed impatience, “I’m
Steve crossed the room in a flash and, for a second Tony thought Steve was going to drop to his knees, but instead he wrapped his arms around Tony and buried his face against Tony’s neck murmuring what sounded like “I’m sorry.”
Fifty cups of coffee and forty-eight hours later, the bruises on Tony’s wrists were fading away and his plans for a 7:1 para-aramid body armor were shape up.  (Turns out knights thought chainmail was a pretty great invention for a reason.)
And there was her car.  She stepped away, then paused to ask, “You know I wish you all the best, right?”
: just remember, you’re going to do great. and even if you say something you regret, it doesn’t matter. It will be ok.
Steve’s arms opened a little and Tony pressed close; they stood clinging to each other.  The body armor was still cold from outside, hard and unyielding, but Tony didn’t care as he nearly sagged with relief.
Natasha was in the living room reading a book when Tony rushed in.  She looked up and raised an eyebrow.
“Most of it’s with contractors—turning office spaces into apartments, but one project’s really all me.  I’m making a new gym.  One that can hold up to Iron Man and super-soldiers doing training exercises together.”
Nothing wrong with that, not really.  Tony’d had plenty of casual sex and smack, but he couldn’t this time.  Not like this.  Not with the Captain.
Friend: But you’ve been married for 12 years and your husband always does something extravagant for--
Tony sat cross-legged on the floor and grabbed his special tool kit—the one he only used on the bots—and tipped the little guy over. And now that he had something to keep his hands busy, maybe he could consult an expert about that other thing . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
“Good. And I thought we’d take a cab,” Steve said. “At first, I wanted to take us out on the Dominator, but then we’d be wearing bike gear and the weather’s pretty rough, so, yeah. I thought a cab.”
“Tony?” Steve said, pulling back again.  Tony chased after him, eager to keep kissing, but Steve had moved out of reach.  “You can safeword or check in any time, ok?  You don’t have to wait for me to ask.”
“Of course.  Perhaps vibrant colors mixed with yellow roses?  Yellow roses are traditionally associated with friendship.”
“Yeah.”  Tony waited only a few seconds before offering a few theories, as though he couldn’t quite resist: “Was it just coming out of subspace?”  Steve blinked.  (Huh?)  Tony continued, “Or the overall stimulation aggregate?  Or did I—”  Tony broke off abruptly, then added, “Uh, yeah.  Can you tell me about it?”
“I’m sorry you had a bad time at SHIELD,” Tony said. He leaned up for a chaste kiss. Steve squeezed his hand.
"So *this* is our first date.”  Steve looked down at his pizza, then peeked up at Tony and added with a bashful smile, “This is my first date.”
“I mean,” Rogers said hastily, “you shouldn’t have to deal with that. Nobody should treat you that way.”
“Aww,” Tony said. “Think Big Green’s first word might be ‘ball’? I was counting on ‘Tony’! Or maybe ‘Da-da’ to Steve.”
“Please tell me you didn’t get me a coloring book,” Tony joked. Steve shook his head, looking a little uneasy. “Oh, good! I’m definitely a building blocks kinda guy. But Clint seems like the coloring book sort.”
so we’ve been hanging out, watching an episode or two in the evening with take-out. Bruce too. And the others a little. It’s . . . nice.”
(Oh shit. Didn’t send them a thank you gift either.) Tony bit his lip. (Pepper probably did, but still . . .)
“Sir,” Rogers piped up for the first time, his tone disapproving, “forcing Mr. Stark to house military personnel would be a direct violation of the Third Amendment.”
Ta-da!  As ever, infinite thanks to my generous readers and my patient and loving beta thatwhichyields, who told me in strong terms not to mess with this chapter any more, but to go ahead and post.  So here it is!
A sultry sort of ambient music with a bit of a Latin backbeat filled the room.  A Dom in a crisp black suit parked his red sports car and went into a decadent white marble bank.  “
Rogers nodded, but didn’t say anything. Tony took a seat and tried to gather his thoughts. (Well, gather them beyond, ‘shit.’) Rogers did not sit. The silence lingered for a few long moments until finally Rogers spoke. (Oh thank God!)
“Yes,” Tony murmured.  He licked his lips.  He released his grip on Steve’s hair to lean back on the couch.  For a moment he sat, motionless, studying Steve.
Tony gave Bruce a playful shove. “It’ll hold all right! I just think you’ll feel pretty silly being defeated by blue and pink super-plaid with fuzzy duckies on it.”
“Yeah, yeah.”  Tony could practically hear Rhodey rolling his eyes again.  (Over the heavy ‘thud’ of his crutch and the lurch of his steps…)  “That’s right.  Mock the cripple wounded in action, protecting his country and your sorry ass.”
Tony hugged Steve from behind, his bare chest and the exposed arc reactor pressed against Steve’s skin.  Steve’s breath hitched at the feel of Tony behind him,
“So gorgeous, Steve,” Tony murmured, still teasing between Steve’s legs.  “Spread out and restrained for me like this.  You’re so good . . .”
Tony slid down the bed to kneel with alacrity as Steve hurried to stand beside him.  Steve fumbled urgently with his belt buckle, but Tony batted his unsteady hands away.  He made short work of Steve’s belt, trousers, and briefs, sliding them down Steve’s legs just enough to free his cock.  (Next time, Tony’d draw things out, show off, make it long and torturously good, but now he just wanted to see Steve shake apart.)
you wouldn’t treat them in such an unfair way, and I hope they’re smart enough to realize that.”  (48)
“You’ve been so good, baby,” Tony whispered, running his fingers through Steve’s hair then down his neck and shoulders, then up his arms.  Steve was still looking a little out of it, eyes unfocused, dazed and distant.  “So perfect for me . . .”
Or maybe Steve would find Stark looking into the refrigerator with a frown. "Anything good in there?" Steve could ask and Stark wouldn't look at him, just shrug--not encouraging, but not ignoring him--and Steve'd say, "We could go grab pizza." And then Stark'd look at him and it'd be curious and a little suspicious as he'd think it over, then nod slowly, still kinda frowning with concentration. "Yeah. I guess we could." And Steve would smile at him and Stark wouldn't really smile back, not yet, but the corner of his mouth would quirk up just a little at the side as they got into the elevator to go down to Johnny Ray's.
“Cocktails assembled!” Tony called. “Got yours right here, Cap. Everybody else, bring your glasses. Time for a toast.”
Maybe he was done with SI for the day and they could talk about the spreadsheet?  Or, better yet, they wouldn’t
“Okay,” Tony said, turning back to Bruce. “Looks like this new data is most similar to . . . hypothetical 36. Agree?”
Tony nodded, already trying to guess how long he’d be kept out of the suit and whether there were any sort of tech he could invent to locate the aliens more efficiently.
It had been a good date.  Tony didn’t mind going back to Piaci at all. (“Looks like this is becoming our place, huh?” Tony’d said, smiling like it was a good thing.)  The motorcycle ride was nice and Jake was still looking out for him.  (Good man.)  And Steve didn’t pull away!  He’d held Tony’s hand and, sure it was under the table, but just because he wasn’t making a big scene about it didn’t mean it didn’t count.  It did.
Tony looked away and felt his cheeks heat. Steve let out a little gasp and when Tony glanced back he only looked more awed.
Thanks so much for joining me!  And, yes, I promise Tony follows through on the plan to Talk to Steve in the next chapter.  Honest!
He shook his head. Nobody looked good in that kind of light. (Except Steve. He looked good in everything, damn it.)
Tony snorted.  He might have given voice to his outraged incredulity— (Ew.  Gross.  I mean, seriously? Who the fuck bows these days?)—but the Captain had already turned and walked away.  Tony just grimaced and shook his head to clear it.
Tony tried desperately to fuck into Steve’s pliant mouth—wanting it faster, harder—but that strong, relentless hand clamped down on his hip and held him still.  (Yes.)
“You’re beautiful when you come,” Tony said.  “Go ahead, baby.  Let yourself go.  I want to see it.”
“Thanks. I need all the help I can get!” Steve crossed himself, expression playful. Mikie smiled and went to say something to Bruce.
Tony was almost to the coatroom, waving, nodding and smiling as he went when he heard a familiar deep velvet voice intone: “Tony,
I have ret-conned the promised salary for Steve's sessions with Tony after doing a bit more research.  A tenement studio like Steve rents would be 6$ a month. Given that, 100$ a session would make Steve--by his standards--a rich man.  So I knocked the pay down from INSANE (100$) to extravagant (25$).  But Tony still gave him 100$ in chapter 3 in an act of extravagance.
“Fuck,” Tony said softly.  Steve didn’t move.  “You’re gorgeous like that, you know, waiting for me on your knees.”  Steve could hear a rustling over his shoulder.  (Getting undressed?)  There was the sound of a box or a tray or something being set just behind Steve and to the left, out of sight.
Bruce shrugged. “I brought some coffee and wanted to see how operation Mantis Shrimp is coming along.”
“Actually,” Clint declared, “you might as well all go at the same time. They’re all pretty much the same. Anyway, merry Christmas. It’s nothing much.”
“Shhh.”  Tony just continued with the teasing caress.  Steve’s hands fisted helplessly in the sheets.  He pressed his burning cheek against the mattress and struggled to keep control.  (Don’t cry . . . don’t . . .) A strangled little noise escaped his throat.
Tony managed not to laugh.  (You would pick ‘shield’ wouldn’t you, Cap?  Then again, it means comfort and protection and if you’re safewording I guess that’s what you’d need.  So, shield it is.)
Tony was listlessly scrolling through videos he couldn’t quite bear to watch when Bruce knocked awkwardly on the open door.
With a quick pull to the loop knot, Steve untied Tony from the top post, scooped Tony into his arms, and laid him out across the bed. Then he climbed into bed too, stretching out beside Tony’s limp, naked body. Steve pulled a blanket up around them.
Romanov blinked, but refused to take a step back at his approach.  She answered perfectly calmly, “The Law is a tough field for submissives; I thought you’d identify with a fellow sub who’d succeeded in a Dominated field.”
“Yeah,” Tony said, rubbing his neck.  “I mean, I was doing some work on the Mark VII for a while, but then I was thinking about last night and well . . . ”  Tony trailed off and gave a little shrug.
“Here you go, babe,” Tony said, giving Steve a little kiss on the cheek as he handed over the beer. Steve smiled brightly and pressed his lips to Tony’s temple.
“Well,” Rhodey said, drawing the word out long and slow, a smile breaking over his face, “there might be a certain smart and talented submissive who I’ve been corresponding with.”
Tony smiled. (Did Steve need an hour to get dressed?) Tony chuckled, feeling pleased by the idea. (Oh, god, they were such teenagers!)
“I mean, I was going to skip this,” Clint said waving a hand over at the couch. “But,” he continued more quietly, “I think she’s right. Cap’s really struggling; we should show him we’re here for him and shit.”
Tony ran a soothing hand across his shoulders. “It’s okay,” Tony murmured. “You’re right. Uh, boundaries and stuff. I shouldn’t be so nosey.”
Tony’s throat felt a little tight and, without meaning to, he found the words arranging themselves into speculative sentences:
It wasn’t that nobody had ever apologized to Tony before. He’d gotten his fair share of, “hey, sorry about last night—I was super drunk; didn’t mean to come on so strong” apologies. Some sincere, some not; some he’d accepted, some not. But he couldn’t actually remember getting an apology from anybody so . . . unprompted.
Tony if the seat next to him was taken before sitting down, the usual distance apart.  As surreptitiously as he could, Tony watched Rogers watch the movie. Things were back to normal, whatever
Belford added in a self-deprecating tone, “I may not work for a company with my name in it—yet—and I may not fight aliens on the side, but,” he smiled and leaned a little closer, “I may still be able to surprise you.” He shrugged, then added, “If you’ll let me.”
“Uh, pretty sure I oughta be embarrassed by just how bad I want to,” Steve admitted, then asked, “What’s brought all this on?”
“So, hey, you know if you ever want to talk about anything, I’m a way better listener than reports might lead you to suspect.”
“So, look, apology accepted,” Tony repeated. “And, just so we’re clear, I wasn’t upset; you didn’t freak me out or piss me off.”
So, some of that 'oomph' I promised got pushed off into the next chapter....  Still coming! I promise!  But here's this-- now with more world-building!  Hope you like it!  As ever, all my love and gratitude to thatwhichyields. :-)
“Funny you should mention that,” Pepper said, bookmarking her reading. “Nat and I were talking earlier and she had an idea. She suggested that the Avengers could offer a self-defense class at the Safehouse. Something designed specially for the subs there.”
Tony frowned at the coffee maker and glanced over at Steve. (Would it wake him up?) Tony grabbed his coffee tin, unplugged the coffee maker and carried it to the bathroom. (No big deal.) As the coffee brewed, perched awkwardly on the toilet tank with the door firmly shut, Tony took a few minutes to wash up. (With a facecloth—he still didn’t like to splash water on his face.)
Steve pulled Tony close, nuzzling that spot where neck meets shoulder, murmuring ‘I love you’s against Tony’s skin.  Tony swallowed heavily, carding his fingers through Steve’s hair.
Tony laughed, not quite sure if Jackie was joking. Jackie tilted the salon chair back and guided Tony’s head to rest in the marble washbasin.
Steve took a startled breath and his eyes went wide.  He looked horrified as he asked, “You said all that to Tony, didn’t you?”
“Sir? Your order from Park Chop Suey has arrived.” The team cheered. “And Mr. Yuen requests permission to bring his delivery assistant.”
“You have a conference call with the CFO of the Foundation in half an hour.  As I have already mentioned.  Thrice.”
(Perfect.)  Crunching numbers would be the ideal distraction.  And while working with Bruce, he’d savor how very wrong Pepper had been.  (And not worry about Pepper.  Or Steve.)
Steve smiled and rested his cheek on the top of Tony’s head as the end credits played. He let out a long sigh, but it seemed (Tony hoped) more contented than melancholy.
"More than anything, sir," Steve said.  He drew his thin shoulders back and sat up as tall as he could (which wasn't very tall at all.)
“No!”  Steve snapped it shut.  “I mean, sorry—no, the tablet is fine.  I was just looking for Tony.  To talk about something.”
“Your trust in me is terrifying,” he muttered. Then added, “And yes. Too soon. And too soon to admit that that pissed me off too.”
And, if you're curious, the Eewoo was inspired by the Horta from Star Trek and this amazing video about the mimic octopus: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t-LTWFnGmeg  Enjoy!
For a while the workshop was uncomfortably silent. Pepper’s hand rested frozen on Tony’s shoulder, though he’d jolted his head up off her knee in surprise.  (Looking guilty much?)
UPDATE:  My tumblr bit the dust when Staff Thanos struck.  (Or at least is in limbo with no sign of changing...)  So I made a new one.  Now you can find me here: https://www.tumblr.com/blog/ms-meredith-milton-censored
. Tony’d cherry picked the episodes to make sure none of them were too dark or conceptual—just fun action and shenanigans in space, with an emphasis on the crew all looking out for each other. (Not that he put a lot of thought into that stuff or anything like that…) The scattered remains of their brunch lay cooling in carryout containers on the coffee table. Tony’d ordered far too much food, counting on Steve’s amplified metabolism—he’d seen the man eat! —and though he’d put away a good amount for anyone else, for the super soldier it wasn’t much. Tony sighed and glanced over to find Steve frowning in his sleep.
Tony Y. grinned. “This semester’s grades were so good even Grandpa couldn’t be disappointed.” Tony seemed suddenly to remember himself. “Uh, Steve? May I--? Uh. I’d like to introduce Ms. Katherine O’Conner. Katie, this is Captain Steve Rogers.”
It was a feeble attempt at a joke, but Tony was willing to accept it as the peace offering it seemed like. He let out a deliberate chuckle and smiled back.
Tony nodded pensively and said, “So, the hostile and deliberate portals opened by the arachnoids created a disturbance that is now creating a ripple effect and weirding in the interdimensional or interplanetary environment. Which would explain why the arachnoids had been poised to attack but the Eewoo seemed confused and frightened.”
for Rogers; he got up early to hear that shit in Latin with the Mel Gibson whackjobs.  Tony snorted.  Ridiculous.
The solarium was beautifully designed to feel like a Persian garden on a small scale. At the center, stood a fountain and a pool of water lilies bordered by flowerbeds; around that were gravel paths, where the tables were arranged, and then another boarder of flowerbeds and small blossoming trees. The north, east, and west walls and had a trompe-l’oeil of a portico adorned with a vertical garden of succulents; the south wall was one huge window looking out on the park. It was less glorious than usual—only a few of the flowers in bloom—but lovely nonetheless.
So, his father told him about Captain America.  Physical size wasn’t a perfect predictor—even when Steve Rogers was a ninety-pound asthmatic, Howard would say, he’d been
“And Uhura!” Tony cried, still on a roll. “My beautiful Uhura! The only way they gave her more screen time was by making her the nagging, emotional girlfriend. It’s fucking bullshit, Clint. In TOS the subs were officers in their own right; no fucking, no boyfriends!”
“But that’s just it,” Bruce continued, playing with his glasses absently.  “Not only can Tony buy dinner at any restaurant in town, he could buy the restaurant.  He may like the food some places more than others, but he doesn’t really care about that kind of thing.”
Steve flushed and Tony added, “And I find all of that unspeakably hot.  And amazing.  And sweet.”  He kissed Steve gently.  “And, yeah, I can probably teach you.”  Steve squirmed a little in his arms, stomach going tight at the thought.  Tony bit his earlobe and whispered, “Baby, I’ll train you to take it.  I’ll keep you tied down on your knees until you can stay open for me, until I can fuck your throat.”  Steve gasped, cock stirring again.  “Is that what you want?”
It had been a good day. Cap loved the suit and it only needed a few minor tweaks to fit perfectly. (SHIELD’s measurements had been flawed, obviously.) Steve and Tony had devoured burgers and watched
“I believe I will,” the Captain said, getting up and leaving his food untouched. He pointed a finger at Jerry and added, “We’re not done, though.”
Steve paid in cash again. Tony didn’t bother sneaking a look at the bill and the tip like he usually did. Tony judged a Dom on whether they’d stiffed the server—always a bad sign—but was unconcerned about Steve.
Tony shook his head, half afraid to speak lest he say the wrong thing and make Steve close up again, but Steve seemed to be waiting for an answer, so he said, “Childhood friends, right?”
And it was nice, in a way, having a quiet presence in the workshop. Tony sometimes let Pepper hang out in the workshop, but she found it too distracting there to focus on her own work so instead she liked to fill the quiet with conversation—which required his participation—or vague murmurings about whatever light reading she’d brought—which got on his nerves. Rhodey in the workshop was always clamoring for his attention or watching him so intensely he got self-conscious and had to insist they go out. Bruce worked well with him, but that was
.  Grab you by the hair and take you wherever I want, whenever I want . . . gonna call you my filthy cocksucker,a pretty whore.  You perfect slut.)
“Tony, no,” Steve said breathlessly. His cock was still aching for Tony’s touch, but he batted Tony’s hands from his belt. “You’re drunk.”
“Let me take care of you,” Steve entreated. He gave Tony a little squeeze and pressed a kiss to the sensitive spot behind his ear. “What can I do for you first: a bath or some breakfast?”
Steve leaned up for a kiss, feeling very pleased with himself, and asked:  “So, what about you?  Workshop?”
Rogers nodded and gave him an approving smile. Tony opened the fridge and buried his head inside it. After a few moments, Rogers repeated a quiet, “I’m glad you could make it,” and carried the last tray of snacks over to the coffee table. Clint joined Tony at the fridge.
The price began to strip, throwing the gold and ruby studded doublet carelessly to the flagstones.  Steve watched him curiously.
“No the food is hot,” Clint said with a cockney accent. “You’ll need a tray to put the food on. . .”
He poured it and set it on the counter for Tony. (Though, really, Steve could have handed it to him. Wouldn’t be a problem.)
Tony ran his hands across Steve’s shoulders then down his arms to where he’d crossed his wrists.  Steve held his breath.  Tony looped his thick leather belt loosely around Steve’s wrists, around and around, then buckled it.  Steve’s breath hitched.  (Thank you, thank you. . . )  Tony wrapped strong arms around him from behind, his chin resting gently on Steve’s shoulder.  Tony’s breath was warm against Steve’s neck.
“We have a threat level three-- unknown energy signatures just outside New York.  Now do you want to focus on that?”  Tony settled comfortably into his chair, kicking off his shoes under the table.  Fury added, “Energy signatures that look like a cross between gamma radiation and arc reactor diffusion.”
(Well.) Tony took a deep breath. (The tabloid had certainly found the right photos to make it look like . . . to make it
“G’night, Tony,” Steve whispered, offering up a silent prayer of gratitude.  He pressed a little kiss to Tony’s shoulder.  “Love you.”
Bruce nodded.  “Afraid so.  Tony and I will see about getting a spectrometer running so we can gather more data. That will govern how we interact with the force field. If it is a portal, I have a feeling we’d like to be able to close and lock it if we don’t like what comes through.”
The love story between Samuel Thomas and Lydia Freedman was inspired by the true story of Nichelle Nichols’ grandparents and told in her autobiography, Beyond Uhura.  Her grandfather, born Samuel Gillespie in 1849, was the son of a rich slave owner; Lydia Myers was the daughter of ex-slaves. They married in 1878 and took the last name Nichols.  Nichelle writes that they "loved each other passionately" and describes her grandfather as "a man of unshakable resolve and clear moral vision." Her account of their love filled me with hope. I highly recommend her autobiography.
“You like that?” Tony asked, voice low and filthy.  Steve moaned.  “You’re beautiful, Steve, with your mouth full of my cock.”
Tony gave him another kiss, chaste and gentle.  Steve panted into it.  Tony left soft kisses all over his face, gently massaging his scalp.  Steve tried not to fidget.  (Be still.  Be good.)
get to the point where I can control the Other Guy, well, I’d want us to be able to say that to the press with confidence—but only once we’re sure it works.”
He hovered as Ms. Potts got the trunk open.  He deposited his box next to hers in the back.  She slammed the trunk shut and the sound echoed through the garage.
Steve kissed him, soft and tender on the lips, then murmured, “You’re so good for me, aren’t you, Tony?”
“I love you, Tony Stark,” Steve said solemnly, like a vow. Tony blinked. Two tears rolled down his cheeks, and Steve brushed them away with his thumbs.  “I love you so much.”
Rhodey shook his head and let out an incredulous chuckle. “Captain America, huh? He’s a hell of a guy. Kinda lives up to the legend, doesn’t he?”
“It’s good.  Honest,” Tony fumbled, not looking at Rhodey.  “We’re good together.  Just, we’re keeping things quiet for now.  We’ve only told the team.  And Pepper, and, now you, ‘cause, well—”
“Captain, it really is crucial that we introduce the idea of the Avengers and your survival first,” Carmichael said. “It’s big news and, to be frank, it will be entirely good press, which will help us get a baseline of support before introducing Mr. Stark’s more . . . controversial presence.”
Steve was looking down at the table with this sick, miserable expression on his face.  (Wrong move. Shit, shit.)
“You mean the kind that show that I knew all along, but don’t actually involve naming you explicitly?”
Phillips shrugged.  "The Queen is already planning to send Queen Maria her new jewels, those recovered in the south Hoard finding.  And of course there's the gold we have in store against future bread shortages.  A gamble, but probably worth it for the added protection against Hydra and the North raiders."
“Cool.” Tony glanced around. Bruce was almost certainly in his lab, but where--? “Hey, where are the super agents?”
Pepper brushed her bangs out of her eyes and said, “You know, though, if you really didn’t want to go, I’d deal with Katie and Michael.”
Jackie Lee was probably the most stereotypical girly boy sub Tony knew, though there were some beauticians in SoCal who would happily give him a run for his money. Jackie was enthusiastically flamboyant in his performance of a certain stereotypical version of subby; it was so overt it neared post-modern parody.
Tony pulled on an old pair of jeans, then changed into the tighter pair. (The ones that showed off his “pert little butt.”) Black fitted T-shirt, favorite grey hoodie.
Rogers stood, but didn’t move. His brow was creased, a slight frown at the corners of his mouth. “I’m not sure I--”
“Do you like that, sweetheart?” Tony asked quietly, kissing Steve’s neck.  Tony’s goatee scratched lightly at the sensitive skin and Steve nearly whimpered as Tony stroked his hands down to caress Steve’s abs.  “Do you?”
marathon. You were pissed I started Steve on TOS without you, so why don’t we—can I get a drum roll?—
“You squashed a spider!” Clint told Cap with a grin. Clint turned to Tony to add, “JARVIS better not have a hand in this. I think his freaky Tolkien themed training module may have cursed us. I mean, seriously? Giant spiders? Ew.” He shook his head, then shrugged. “Well, that could have been worse. Not that bad really.”
The Agents fought in the perimeter for the most part, while Cap and Tony took hunter duty—speeding after the runaways before they could get to more populous areas, taking them down as fast as possible, then moving on to the next without getting too far from the perimeter.
“Shhhh, baby. There’s no hurry,” Tony murmured with a soothing little caress down his side.  Steve blinked and bit his lip.  Steve hadn’t realized he was saying anything aloud until Tony answered.   “Shhhh . . . You are mine.”
“Mr. Stark?” Captain America’s voice rang through the workshop.  (Seriously? Again?) After a few moments, Rogers added, “Dr. Banner?”
“Come on, man,” Clint said to Bruce.  “This is hardly fair.  You can’t leave poor Steve hanging with Pippin & Merry in the hands of the Uruk-hai!”
“Sweet,” Tony said. “That’s what I wanna hear.” Tony grimaced, then added, “I mean that’s what I want to hear metaphorically—that it’s going to happen. I do NOT want to hear their ballads.”
“Yeah, me too,” Tony said.  (Hm.  Guess I’m following it too.)  They stood for a moment in silence, but silence was bad so Tony rambled on, “That place was great!  Of course you’re a regular at the modest but awesome little place the food critics have overlooked.  Yep, just like you—modest, awesome, initially overlooked, but, hey, I hope not overlooked anymore, ‘cause I’m totally looking at you.  And that Jake guy was quite striking and seemed to look at you too.  He your type?  ‘cause I might get jealous.  I mean, he had way more facial hair than I do, so if that’s a thing for you I might be willing to consider--”
(Though he could feel that Rebecca was itching to get him alone to ask for the scoop on Steve.  Well, she’d just have to wait.)
At last the Professor found the card he’d been looking for, but instead of handing it to Steve he held it, frowning.
When Steve had first accepted a gig at the Academy, he had expected to be humiliated: his imperfect body, frail and small, exposed to a circle of elite art students whose ranks he’d never be able to join.
Steve turned away, clearly intending it as a dismissal, and went back to the couch where Tony now noticed he’d set up a little nest of blankets and pillows. His notebook and sketchpad were on the coffee table, along with a big pitcher of water and a small cup.
It took them a while to find their stride, because when they were both preoccupied with the Avengers and SHIELD and work it was hard get out of that little bubble.  But a few sweet questions about MIT from Steve and Tony was off and running; a little gentle inquiry about Steve’s cooking lessons in Home Ec, and SHIELD faded from their minds.  They reveled in the food, trading bites across the table, and sometimes fell into comfortable silence.  Tony slipped his left foot out of his boot and caressed Steve’s ankles under the table with his foot; it made Steve lose his train of thought with a smile.  (And, sure, when he’d been younger, Tony’d would have been aiming a bit higher, but he knew better now…)
Tony licked his lips and took a long breath. He knew it was true; he could feel the hot tingling in his cheeks, down his throat, across his chest, and that not-quite-humiliation of being examined and exposed.
“Yes,” Steve said, his tone firm.  “I’m fine.”  Tony realized with a jolt of pleasure that Steve hadn’t let go of his hand.  Tony watched patiently as Steve took long, steady breaths, his posture relaxing again little by little.  Tony wanted to reach out and touch his cheek, pull him close and kiss him, but he was hardly going to make the same mistake twice.  Tony squeezed his hand.  Steve smiled and squeezed back.
You are all wonderful!  Please accept this longer-than-usual chapter as a humble offering of thanks. :-)
At 3:23 am, as suddenly as it had appeared, the force field disappeared.  Tony felt unexpectedly outraged.
,” but figured Steve would take it the wrong way. Instead, Tony just kissed Steve again, but Steve kept it chaste.
Rebecca gave a theatrical pout. “So, I won’t get to feed you breakfast?” She sighed. “Well, all right. I suppose I’ll live.”
Rogers leaned the shield up against the sofa, set the box on the heavy wooden coffee table, and, after a moment’s awkwardness, left the duffel on the floor.  Rogers smiled at him again.
Edited to add on 9/19: So sorry everybody!  Life things are happening--annoying work things--so the new chapter is kind of on hold.  I am hoping to find time to finish & post it in the first week of October.  Thanks for your kindness and patience! :)
“Mmm?” Tony kept his eyes fixed on the console, but Rogers didn’t continue.  He was clearly waiting and Tony found himself powerless to resist—he looked up.
“Less chatter on the comms!” Rogers barked.  His shield ricochet off the walls, took out five minions and returned to his hand.
Rogers’ goat was apparently hard to get, though, since he just said, “Yeah, he was pretty swell.  I mean, evil, but every story like that needs a good villain, right?  You want anything else with your eggs, Mr. Stark?”
Rogers opened his mouth to say something, but at that moment Clint called out, “Woo-hoo, look at you two!” and walked in with Natasha and Bruce. (What? Had the three of them been primping together?)
Tony shook his head, halfway to amused at himself; he was acting like the submissive damsel in one of mom’s romance novels (which he had definitely never read), beset by insecurities as soon as she went to bed with the adoring Duke or Viscount or whatever.
Tony smiled. Oh Rhodey and his obsession with giving Tony water when drunk! It was sweet of him to leave painkillers and water, though Tony was kind of surprised that Rhodey’d had the presence of mind for it, really, considering he’d been pretty smashed too. Tony remembered both of them nearly falling down while Rhodey was helping him to bed and—
“I liked it fine in school, I guess,” Steve said pensively. “But I didn’t get really interested until Bucky gave me an anthology of English verse for Christmas.”
“You gave me this house,” Pepper said, handing him a mug. “It’s rude to keep pretending it’s yours.”
“No?” Steve hesitated for a moment. “I don’t think so. Not really, anyway.” Steve shook his head. “Mostly just surprised I guess.”
Cap ducked into the ring with them and took a deep breath.  He was still wearing a SHIELD training uniform.
My thanks to Simurgh and Leila for their help and inspiration re: Persian cuisine!  Shout outs also to: thatwhichyields (beta extraordinaire!); thigmotaxis (editing awesomeness!); and noman (who already knows why...!).  All remaining mistakes are my own.  And thanks to everyone for their kind and insightful comments on this story.  They mean the world to me.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Calmly, casually, he headed for the nearby Men’s Room. (He didn’t actually need to pee, just wanted a moment out of sight.) At the Pierre, there were no mere toilets; even the men’s facilities were vast and sumptuous, beginning with a plush lounge featuring full-length mirrors, overstuffed armchairs, and even a chaise longue.
Steve bit his lip.  “I think it’s always been what I wanted, but it used to be complicated. I—” Steve glanced away, frowning.  He was silent.  Tony waited.  Steve was silent so long that Tony found himself struggling not to say something, to fill the gap with his usual rambling.  He ran his hand up Steve’s back to caress his neck, rubbing soothing little circles.  Steve remained quiet.  Maybe Tony really did need to prompt him.  Be more specific maybe?  Tony was considering it when Steve finally spoke, his voice frustrated: “Does it really matter? I mean, I know
“No,” Tony said, voice stern and hard.  Steve held his breath. “No taking what you want; you only get to take what I give you.  Understood?”
“I’m really not.” She quirked an eyebrow at him and tossed her ponytail. “It’s the twenty-fifth, Tony.”
Tony laughed. It turned into another long, wet cough, but when Steve tried to stroke Tony’s back the man twisted away.
Tony laughed again, and it turned into a hacking, wet cough. Steve hovered awkwardly, wanting to do something, but unable to decide what.
Tony took a deep breath and tried to speak more calmly. He wasn’t good at it. “Look. We’ve been over this. We have a plan. The plan is good. For once, there’s a plan and I like it. It’s a good plan. Hear this? This is me. Wanting to stick to a plan!”
“Steve, what’s—”  Tony snapped his mouth shut, not finishing his question as Steve hid his face against Tony’s shoulder, covering it with tears.  (Stupid.  Obviously he can’t tell you what’s wrong right now.)
Steve approached slowly, expression that guilty-hesitant-earnest look Tony hadn’t seen in quite a while.
“No. I mean, yes--” Steve rambled on. “You can come. Just, Sam’s teaching me to-- basketball! But you could probably play with us?”
And when his ridiculous craving for a hot dog got too intense to be ignored, he called Happy; they went to Big Doggy and ate foot longs on the pier, talking about nothing much (after Hap yelled at him for the whole unannounced visit thing). Happy gave him three crushing hugs before dropping him back at the workshop.
“Don’t you like it, Your Majesty?”  Tony asked cheekily. The King blushed and Tony felt oddly delighted by it.
“You sure? 'cause you look seriously ready to rip somebody's limbs off. I mean, more so than usual when you're going at that thing.”
“Yeah,” Steve said, with that little smile. “They’re definitely swell.” He turned his gaze to Pepper. “It’s nice to see you Ms. P—I mean, Pepper. I’m glad you’re joining us for Thanksgiving.”
He took Tony’s mouthagain in a passionate kiss and, up at the penthouse, strode down the hallway with long, urgent steps. At the threshold to Tony’s bedroom, he paused for just an instant before entering.
“Tony, relax.  It’s great.”  Steve gave Tony’s knee a quick squeeze under the table then moved his hand.  “So, what should I try here?”
Tony curled his fingers in Steve’s hair and moved Steve’s head up and down his cock, fucking his mouth.  Steve was so turned on he nearly forgot to breathe.
“Bullshit,” Clint cut in.  “You can multi-task.  And you’re not a fucking amateur--you could have reported it without showing your hand.  I’m sure you could.”
The door to Steve’s spare room was open. Inside, there was a large table overflowing with colorful paper and ribbons in reds and golds and greens. A mountain of carefully wrapped boxes stood on Steve’s left and an equally high pile of items waited to his right: art supplies, picture books, toy chemistry sets, building blocks, dolls, scarves and hats and mittens.
“But you didn’t,” Tony said, unrepentant. “And may I just add how incredibly lucky I feel to see you in your Wonder Woman outfit holding a gun? I’m more than a little turned on right now. Don’t let word get out—you’ll have a string of switches and subs breaking in, willing to risk death for the sight of you like this.”
