“Don’t think about it too much, Mom,” Steve felt bad once again to have made his poor mother’s shoulders droop again. He knew how hard she was working to provide for them, and how guilty she felt when Steve had to give her everything he had. The last time she had to take the few coins he took to the pub with him for the week, she wept for the rest of the evening.
“I’m sure that was true at one point, but they’ve camouflaged themselves too well, and there’s no telling them apart now,” Tony picked up his cup, getting to his feet as he took a drink. “I’m doing this, Uncle, and you’re not talking me out of it.  You might as well help with the process.”
“Steve, thank you, I owe you a castle or something,” babbled Tony as the hot, wet suction returned, laughing a little as he felt like he was going to melt into the bed. He’d had many mouths on him over the years, and he just happened to have married the hands down champion at giving head. He’d never felt luckier in his life.
“…thank you, Pepper,” Tony said after a moment of silence, looking down at his hands in his lap, making sure they trembled a bit as he brought them up to smooth his hair. “You’re a good friend, not just a worker, but I can tell you anything…”
“Then why did you make me think that?” Bucky was fighting a losing battle against himself as tears began to rise in his eyes, the lump in his throat getting bigger. “Why did you leave me when I needed you most? Why did you…?”
Steve’s face ached as he couldn’t wipe the grin off of it, his heart skipping in his chest like it hadn’t in years. He’d thought Bucky was the only one for him for so long, he’d never opened up the possibility of being with someone else. But Tony was amazing, he was smart and thoughtful, and he was more complex and wonderful than Steve had dreamed he could be.
“Half an hour,” Pepper said, picking up her book again.
“So what kinds of animals? Birds I’m assuming,” Bucky said once he’d calmed down, finishing off his smoothie, and setting the glass aside with a smile on his face.
It was just after ten in the morning, a sunny Tuesday in the middle of June, and Steve had no idea where his day was taking him. He’d gotten up at five as usual and made his bed the way he liked it before going for a long run. A shower, shave, and quick breakfast later, he took his protein shake with him for the bus ride to work. Finally getting to the office, he and his messenger bag went through security before moving on to his office, opening it with his badge before stepping inside. Ready to go to the break room and get a coffee to start his day, Steve turned to leave his office again. And that’s when it had all started to get weird.
“…your majesty…” Steve began with a shaking voice, not sure if he was in any position to approach the King. “I have a mother, but that’s not who I want to talk to you about.”
“He’s not a joke. His name is James, but he likes to go by Bucky, he’s turning eighteen tomorrow,” Howard said, walking over to Tony, putting his hand on his shoulder. “You’re going to love him.”
“They’re so cute. I think Peter looks like Tony,” Bucky laughed a little, just smiling down on the babies as Tony snapped some pictures, in absolute awe of how perfect they were. “I would do it all again for them.”
“I have like a week,” Tony’s voice was small as he brought his other hand up to his face, covering both eyes and slouching forward. “I’m getting married in eight days, and I have to have them ready to go for it to.”
“Yes, of course I do, you’re the only person I’ve ever been with, and gods, you were so good,” Steve said, trying to think of a question and failing miserably. “How about you? Do you think about me?”
“And having a spouse by your side could help that, Tony,” Stane said, some excitement in his voice as he realized he had an opportunity to push his agenda. “Why don’t you marry Victor Von Doom? He’s got lots of experience running his own kingdom, I’m sure he’d love to rule over both kingdoms while you work on your projects.”
“I just…” Bucky blinked, not sure what to say to that, both because he didn’t really do much and because telling Tony what he did do would ruin his persona. “I farm goats.”
“I-oh my god! Sorry, sorry,” Steve said as he stepped out of the bathroom, holding his chest as he recovered from the surprise, and gathered himself. He’d thought he was alone, and now he was looking at the other two men, naked, and obviously in the middle of something. “Hang on, I’ll-“
“True,” Tony yawned, sitting up from the opposite corner where Howard had guessed, still holding a screwdriver in his hand. “But I’m not cleaning it or I won’t know where everything is. It’s an overused excuse but…here we are.” Ducking back down, he began to work on the robot he was working on, preferring that to a conversation with his father.
“I told you, they don’t record me, they don’t want to risk Tony finding out. The doctors that tested on me and, well, made me this, there’s no record of it in Stark Industries’s database, or that’s what Father said,” Bucky said, crossing his arms over his chest, and letting out a low sigh as he looked down at the bed in front of them. “You’re right though, there’s nothing I can do about that now, and there won’t be anything I can do about it then. I might never know my kids.”
“Not just that…” Bucky’s voice was small and tight, looking at the mirror at Tony’s expression and frowning. “They didn’t say it would just happen…”
“What can you do with that?” Tony asked, leaning forward a little.
“And why didn’t he come up here as discussed?” asked Stane, his annoyance evident in his body language and voice. “He was supposed to come up here, and we were going to present him at supper to the King.”
“We’d be going there as royalty and you’d just want to play the whole time,” laughed Bucky, setting his empty glass down, curling up comfortably as he always did. “I think it’ll be fun, though you know Natasha and Mom will want to come too.”
“Very sure, it’s going here as soon as I get a ladder,” Tony said, looking around the room to find something, grabbing a chair and bringing it over to the wall. Stepping up on it, he took down the old painting off the wall, kneeling down to drop it to the floor. “Steve, bring that over.”
“Let’s do it then,” Steve beamed, really tempted to just drag these two to a room where they could be alone, but he knew that would come later. But he couldn’t help being incredibly impatient at the same time.
“Your timing couldn’t be better, Buck…” Tony said, getting to his feet as he tried not to think about what Bucky had said, fighting back every time his brain suggested that he was going to lose Bucky in all this. Walking over to a drawer, he pulled out a blue velvet jewelry box, walking back over to the bed before he opened it. Inside there were three identical rings, white gold with a tri-colour gold braid wrapped around it. “That’s us, the three of us, we’re intertwined. We need you as much as you need us, Bucky.”
“Oh? And what are you going to do?” Ronin laughed, walking around the foot of the bed, blade drawn in front of him. This guy seemed like a big mouth, probably because he had a visible weakness. He could just cut Bucky’s other arm off and make this even less fair. It was tempting after that kick to his chest.
“Yes,” Bucky dropped the probe again, burying his face in his hands, trying to catch his breath. “Or you tell him, either or. I want him to know.”
“Goats are important,” Tony nodded, trying not to stare at where Bucky’s arm should be. He hated his curious nature, and he knew it probably would have gotten him punched out by now had he not been in charge.
“It’s just a mess, it’s a knot in my head, and I don’t know where to start with it,” Bucky sighed, though he had to admit to himself he was glad to be still for a while. He just had to keep trying to keep flying on a plane out of his mind. “Where is Dawson City? Other than Canada, I know that’s north of us.”
“I’m going to agree with you, that was hot,” Tony said as he picked up the bottle of lube, keeping it in his hand as he moved between Bucky’s still spread legs, looking down at the very spent young man. “Hi, baby. I heard Steve call you baby, too, I think that’s a sign. I think you have a nickname, or another one, what do you think?”
“We’re boarding in ten minutes,” Tony said, closing the SUV up, looking over at a worried looking Steve and a very frazzled Bucky, feeling sick that he was dragging them to the other side of the continent because they weren’t safe from his father. He knew he was scaring Bucky, who was pregnant with a child he was going to consider his even if it was biologically Steve’s, and he didn’t know what was going to happen there. He just wanted to go home and lie in his soft bed, cuddle with Steve and Bucky, and enjoy just being together. He didn’t know when that was going to happen again though.
“I did, yeah, he was…he was really happy,” Steve said, tightening his arm around Bucky, glad that he seemed happy sleeping with his head on Steve with one arm draped over him. “He stayed in there until the sun went down, I figured I’d let him have as much time as he wanted.”
“I have six days until the wedding, a month until the crown is no longer in Tony’s hands, and at that point, it’s every man for himself,” Stane said, frustration in his voice as he pursed his lips. “If we don’t get this done before then, we have no guarantee we can control whoever takes over.”
“He can still puke or spontaneously go to the bathroom or something. You can’t get vomit out of car upholstery, I don’t want it to smell,” Tony said, about to drive off when he hit the brakes. “Oh god, car seats!” Jumping out of the car, he ran back to the house with Steve and Bucky watching.
“I don’t have a problem with that, I’ll have him brought in and get him acquainted with the castle soon,” Tony grinned, enjoying that he could pretty much solve any problem Steve was throwing at him. “Bucky, you’re quiet, what do you like to do?”
“That’s just what I wanted to hear,” Tony beamed, looking triumphant as he looked at his uncle. “Now, make sure these lottery numbers are given to every eligible house in the kingdom. And make it exciting as possible. I want the draw for my new husband or wife to be the greatest spectacle our people have seen.”
“I’ll show you when it’s done, okay? It’ll be more impressive that way,” Tony smiled, picking up his mug to take a drink, hiding his mouth for a moment. “Bucky, can we talk?”
“I’ll keep that in mind, it was nice to meet you,” Steve said, nodding to Christine as she left the room, before turning to face Bucky, who had gone back to sit on the edge of his bed, looking down at his feet as he kicked at a spot on the floor. Hitting the blue button to open his room, Steve stepped inside, nervously clutching the box as he mentally begged for Bucky to like him. “…I brought a treat, they didn’t say you couldn’t have junk food…”
“If you say so,” Stane looked out from their tent at the back of the stage, gritting his teeth. He’d honestly been hoping it wouldn’t get this far, but that didn’t mean that he was giving up. Tony wasn’t married yet.
“Is that a yes?” Tony asked hopefully, hoping that was enough to get Strange on his side.
“Right on it,” Tony said as he walked over to his night stand, opening the top drawer and pulling out a bottle of lube with a silver label, passing it over to Steve. “It’s amazing, it lasts forever, you don’t need a ton. Sorry, back to being quiet, continue.”
Bucky nodded, his breathing irregular as he reached out for the cards again, giving them back.
“This is a waste of time,” Bucky grumbled as he leaned against the stone wall of the alley, taking a drink of beer as he waited for this draw to be over.
“Alright…” Bucky reached out, taking hold of the little metal arm as Tony held it tight. As he slowly turned it, he lit up to hear a tiny tune emanating from the wooden box. “Oh my god, that’s…how does that work?”
“No, I’m fine,” Bucky got in the back seat, hugging his blanket around himself as he got as comfortable. “Can you sit with me, though? I don’t want to sit by myself.”
“No…wait, yes,” he had to admit it, he got good ideas sometimes. “Can you treat it exactly like a wedding? I’d like Steve and Bucky to be buried with their dress clothes and rings. It’s the closest I’ll ever have to marrying them for real.”
“Bucky, you have nothing to be sorry for, you of anyone…” Tony looked up at him with teary eyes. “You don’t owe me anything…”
“N-no…” Bucky breathed, trying to stay even and slow, but he felt like he’d been kicked in the chest. No part of this was like the books so far, he didn’t know he could go into something like this with so much information and know absolutely nothing. “I can’t take it…the contractions on top of this road, I can’t do it.”
“It doesn’t seem like enough,” Tony said quietly, turning his body a bit so he could face Steve instead of stare out the window. “Nothing seems like enough, I just look at him and I want to give him fucking everything.”
“You do, Bucky, you already do,” Tony said, slipping inside him with a low moan, biting his lip to silence himself as he slowly began to move his hips. He felt like if he opened his mouth, he wouldn’t be able to stop babbling about how amazing this was, and he wasn’t here to talk Bucky’s head off.
“The babies are with us still. You see that machine beside Tony? It’s monitoring them, and we can see their heart rates right there,” Steve said, not wanting Bucky to know that they weren’t out of the woods yet. “Howard is dead, Bucky. He can’t hurt you any more, he can’t hurt any of us.”
Laughing into her hands, Natasha watched as a stunned Bucky made his way over to the stairs, looking both confused and terrified. Bucky could do this, he could really make their lives better, she believed in him like no one else. She couldn’t wait to tell Namor that their plan actually worked, that they’d gotten Bucky into that castle. It was only a matter of time before Bucky let the king know how things really were for his citizens.
“Would I be dead if I didn’t wake up?” Bucky said flatly, looking over at Natasha before taking his hand and shaking it.
“I get what you mean, it’s okay,” Steve said, settling against Tony, looking at the image of the three of them together that Tony used as a wallpaper on his laptop. “You’d rather this didn’t happen, but it did, and we’re here.”
They were the words that Stane was saying over and over as he walked down the hall towards his study. He’d just bumped into Pepper, who had just spoken to Tony, and it seemed as if his idiot nephew had made up his mind on who he was going to marry. And in classic Tony fashion, he’d picked them both, like the greedy little shit he was. He had to have everything, and everything had to be his way. Stane wouldn’t have been surprised if Tony planned this whole stupid farce to begin with.
“There’s probably a better tool for that. What else is downstairs?” Steve immediately headed for the basement, hoping to find something more effective than the keyhole saw amongst the old tools that had been sold with the house.
“It’s…I usually don’t talk to others much, people don’t bother with me,” Bucky admitted, not knowing if that was good or bad for playing mysterious. He was starting to wonder if he had any idea how to do that at all.
“Never mind,” Bucky grumbled, sitting on the edge of his bed and shaking his head as he looked over at the intruder. “What do we do with him then? I mean, he did try to kill me. Tony’s not going to be happy about that at all.”
“You WERE best friends,” Natasha stood up taller, hand on her hip. “Then you took his arm and abandoned him.”
“Oh, he’ll know,” Ms. Carr said with another sweetly sinister smile. “He’ll be waiting for you.”
“…I know I can’t talk you out of this, I know how you are with someone you love and...” Sam took a deep breath, staring to dig into his omelette as well, taking his cue from Steve to start acting like he didn’t hear his best friend was in mortal danger. “I want you to check in with me more than that, Steve. Every other day at least, but I won’t hand over the envelope for two weeks. I just want to know that my friend is alive.”
“Stane…” Von Doom’s tone was low and dangerous, his teeth grinding together as he clenched his jaw tighter.
“You two are so kind, she must have been pleased you were there,” Sarah picked her spoon up again, stirring the stew she made special for Steve earlier. “I made some of those biscuits you like, a nice lamb stew on a cold rainy day. You should have invited Sam over for supper.”
Steve’s jaw dropped open a little as his could only blink, his stomach feeling like it was in a knot. So there it was. He wasn’t taking a job as a companion, he was taking the position of Bucky’s jail guard.
“Then how can you ask for more?” Natasha pointed out, giving him her mock smug look.
“I love you too, I love you all, I can’t believe I’m here with you now and that this is real. This is everything I ever wanted…” Bucky said, closing his eyes for a moment as Steve and Tony gave his hands another squeeze, looking at Dr. Marner, and giving her a little nod. “Let’s go…”
He didn’t want to get in trouble though, he didn’t want to somehow make this marriage invalid. But at the same time, would anyone know he’d done this? He was pretty sure he could destroy the evidence, but was it worth risking becoming a King alongside Tony and Steve?
Tony frets about his situation to his best friend, and Steve and Bucky finally talk.
“We could, they might get along,” Steve shrugged, though he hadn’t thought about it until now. “I mean, I’ve never really set anyone up before, I don’t know how about you do it. But they seem to like each other.”
“It gives me something to do though, doesn’t it?” Bucky laughed sadly, staying rigid.
“Here…” Tony carefully lifted the lid, showing Bucky the innards of the music box. “Turn the handle and just watch, you’ll see how it works.”
“I know you won’t, because I’ll be here to stop it,” Steve replied, trying to keep his voice smooth rather than threatening. “It’s not that I don’t trust you though, it’s that I love him.”
“You two can take those hoods off for now,” Fury said when they got to the bottom of the stairs, leading them over past a pair of polished wood coffins, and over to a room full of old books and boxes of candles. “You should be safe in here.”
“It’s for tools too. Or tequila. Or hard drugs,” Tony said as he ignored the criticism, picking the robot off the floor. Putting it back on his workspace, he brought a light down lower so he could fiddle with it. “Maybe we could get it to replace the Pope.”
“Thank the gods, I thought I was going to die waiting for it myself,” said Stane with a laugh disguised in a cough. It was going to be hard getting through this nonsense with a straight face. He’d danced when Steve and Bucky died, both times, and he was mentally spinning and clapping his hands now. He cared not for Tony’s loss, only for his own gains. “Let’s just hurry up and get this over with.”
“Aren’t we hiding here? Wouldn’t everyone finding out that Tony Stark drank the toe drink kind of give that away?” Steve asked, raising an eyebrow, though he kept his eyes on the road, not knowing what could come running out in front of them.
“Uhm…” Steve took a moment to think about how to best put this, not wanting to upset Tony more than he was. “He doesn’t hate you, but he was afraid you’d use him, take the kid, and leave him in his cell. You have to understand he probably thought you were like Howard.”
“I mean, things can always get better, can’t they?” Tony smiled, reaching forward to take a grape from a bowl. “I’m sure they’ll have some insight on what needs to be improved. They’ve lived the life, after all.”
“Yes, please,” the two men said in unison, though this seemed to annoy Bucky who shot Steve another look.
“I didn’t know Jack when he started either, or Ed, or Joe…” Bucky shrugged a little, picking at the cupcake still, not looking up at Steve, mostly out of his own shyness. “You’re the second Steve that’s been here, he only lasted a month, so…” He shook his head again as he popped the last of his breakfast in his mouth.
“What if I’m horrible at this?” Bucky asked, taking Tony’s hand and standing up, staying close to his side as Tony led them from the room. “I don’t want to be disappointing. I’ve been thinking about this a lot, I mean, I spent tons of time by myself, but thinking is different than doing.”
“I’m coming!” Steve said, sticking his head through his shirt as he came down the stairs after Tony, immediately spotting their youngest husband on the floor in agony. “Bucky, is it time? I’m calling Dr. Marner.”
“Bucky, do you need me to move?” Steve asked, not sure if he was in the way or desperately needed at this point, but he knew he should ask.
“I don’t blame her,” Steve said quietly, going back to his seat, taking Bucky’s metal hand in his own. “I’m not angry at her…I don’t know what I feel, I just know it’s not that.”
“Bucky. you don’t have to do that. You shouldn’t be, you might cut yourself,” Tony said as he knelt down as well, glad that he hadn’t drank enough to make his head swim.
“That was an option? Y-ohhh!” Bucky set his mug down, curling up around his stomach, and letting out a garbled cry through gritted teeth. Grabbing the watch, he noted the time before putting it back down again. “No more. No more, please. I can’t do this!”
“O-oh, alright,” Steve said, holding his pass in his hand, pausing before he scanned it. “…is getting into the building at the door I’m supposed to use going to have security at this level?”
“How did they find us?” Steve queried as he put his own robes on, putting the heavy hood over his face. He had no idea how the monks wore these, they were so cumbersome and bulky.
“YES!” Pepper slammed her book down on the desk, unable to take any more of Tony’s crap at the moment, king or not. “This is formal, important, and RIGHT NOW!”
“…Steve?” Bucky asked, turning around and looking at him. “I don’t want to leave you. I don’t want you to leave me. Please.”
“Easy for you to say,” Bucky grumbled as he picked up his bread and took a bite, though the enjoyment was gone from his meal.
“Followers of our Gods, please be seated,” the priest, an old man with one white eye, said to the crowd as they all collectively sat back down on the pews. Once the chapel was silent again, the priest continued. “This is a day of both mourning and celebration, of both life and death, and you have all been invited by His Majesty, King Anthony to share it with him. For it is the lives of Steven Grant Rogers and James Buchanan Barnes that bring us here today, though many of us here never met these two men. But we know the love that King Anthony held for them, so much that he asked them both for their hands in marriage, a deep bond that he treasures with all his heart.”
“You can sing for us,” Steve suggested, smiling a little. “I mean, quietly, but I’d still like to hear you. You never used to sing to me when we were together aside from the dirty songs we learned from here and there.”
“I suppose, yes,” Steve slowly lowered himself down onto the couch, letting out a long breath as he settled against it. This was so much nicer than the hard furniture he was used to.
“I know who tried to kill you,” Tony frowned, his voice grave and troubled sounding as he looked between the two of them. “I had to be sure, I had to tell him where you were to see if he would make a move. I’m so sorry, but you had Nick Fury guarding over you, so I thought you’d be safe in his hands. I’m sorry your friend wasn’t.”
“Not your turn. It’s my turn,” Bucky pointed out, leaning forward more as he thought. “Okay, have you had to use your hand on yourself since coming to the castle? Before we found out we weren’t supposed to, that is.”
“That’s safe to say,” Steve crossed his arms, leaning against the wall beside his mother. “I don’t know, what do rich people eat? Are there animals we don’t know about that they have?”
“I didn’t expect to fall in love and have kids, I didn’t think that kind of life was in my cards,” Tony began as his thumb ran along Bucky’s knuckles, feeling lost in his beautiful blue eyes as he did every day. “The fact that you even gave me a chance says everything about you, Bucky. You are the strongest person I’ve ever met, and I think that with determination like yours, you’re going to have a whole brood of kids and live to be over one hundred. I could never fight the way you do, I admire that, and I will be honoured to be your husband.” Having had about as much luck at holding back as Steve, he turned to him. “You could have…you should have hated me. Instead you opened yourself up, you let this happen, and I’m so fucking glad you’re not the jealous type, Steve, because I wouldn’t want to do this with anyone else. I love you completely, I couldn’t be happier you were a package deal.”
“I feel like I’m going to make a mess, it’s so clean,” Steve said, looking at the purple velvet couch, afraid to even touch it.
“How about you let me come up with something that won’t burn down everything?” Strange said as he watched Tony examine the contents of a shelf beside his head. “I think I can come up with something…light and fun.”
“I’m not leaving your side, baby, I won’t let him near you. I love you so much and I’m not letting anyone touch you again,” Tony promised him, moving closer to cup Bucky’s cheek in his hand. “I’m here to protect you, we’re both here to protect you, and we’re not going to leave our posts until we get you home and in between us.”
This time, Bucky didn’t react at all, but his hand quickly went for the cards again. Though this time, after he shuffled them a little, he fanned them out and held them out to Steve, looking him in the eye as he shook all over.
“Hey…” Bucky said as he walked through the door, taking a couple of steps into the room and stopping. “Am I bothering you? I can go if you want.”
“Come on then, try it on,” Steve said, assisting Tony as they carefully strapped the arm to Bucky’s body, making sure they didn’t do it up too tight or too loose. “How does that feel?”
Bucky stared at the large window behind Howard’s desk, floor to ceiling with a beautiful view of the back gardens around the waterfall that fell into the pool, and he couldn’t tell if the water or the sky was more blue.
“Excellent, I’m glad you did,” said Tony as he clasped his hands together. “Are you hungry? Is there anything else we can get for you? Oh, I suppose we should find your families and let them know what’s going on.”
“He didn’t say, no,” Steve shook his head, not slowing down as he continued to devour everything on his plate. He was hoping Tony would come by, he wanted to ask if his friend Sam could be promoted to being his personal guard. There was no one he trusted more, and he wanted to give Sam a better life as well. It was the least he could do for his best friend.
“I don’t know how he’s still here close.”
“You’re not going to embarrass me. I got drunk and threw up on Princess Angela of the Asgardians,” Tony couldn’t help but smile at that. He was lucky King Odin and the Princes didn’t come after him for that one. “I embarrass myself more than anyone else can, I assure you.”
“Shut up,” Bucky grumbled, though he only started to laugh again. He’d been in a good mood all morning, probably due to the great sleep and spread of food.
“He doesn’t need to be conscious to have a child. Brain dead people have incubated babies before,” Howard said coolly, smiling a little as if he’d told a clever joke. “Besides, we’re not going to know if they’re yours until we perform the amniocentesis. This doctor is going to put a needle into Bucky’s stomach and take out some fluid so we can determine paternity. If these babies are Starks, they’ll get to stay in there until they’re ready to come out. Anything else and we put a bullet in this one and start this process again.”
“How do you keep yourself in check?” Tony asked, his voice quiet as he studied the wizard before him. Strange was reclusive, he didn’t get much opportunity to speak to him like this, and he was going to take advantage of it.
“O-oh. I’m…I didn’t really expect that,” Steve said as evenly as he could, wondering if he should have suspected that this could happen. It definitely didn’t go the way he’d been told it would, and he couldn’t help but worry about an emotionally delicate Bucky. wishing he didn’t find this out by himself. “Bucky, what happens is up to you, you know that, right?”
Steve watched Howard back out of the room and head up the stairs, his arm not leaving Bucky’s shoulders as he clenched his teeth. He’d always tried to look for the good in people, but as far as he was concerned, he hated Howard Stark with everything in him.
“It’s not so much that, it’s that, well…” Steve laughed nervously, licking his lips. “I’ve never been the type of person to ask for a lot.” Especially after what happened to Bucky, Steve didn’t want anyone to have to make a sacrifice for him ever again.
“Ronin,” grinned Stane, his teeth bared and shining in the light from the ring. “His name is Ronin.”
“They told me to be at the square when the number is announced though, they’ll move onto another number if someone doesn’t step forward then,” Sarah tucked the ticket back into her apron, patting it as if to secure it. “Not that I think either of are going to forget to go to that.”
“You,” Steve pointed at him, giving him a smile. “You’re better with electronics than I am.”
He should be used to this, he should have spoken in front of crowds dozens of times by now, yet here he was as new to this as Bucky and Steve would be. It wasn’t that he was afraid, he just felt like he couldn’t possibly do a decent job of this. He was going to have to get good though, and fast, he’d run out of time to just slack off.
“Are you going to…am I going to jail for this?” Clint’s voice was small and concerned, hoping that he wasn’t going to have to try to break out of somewhere. Though he knew jail was the gentler of his options. He could hang or lose his head for this.
“Oh wow…” Bucky said as he reached out to call up the images next, staring at the beautiful scenery, and the small town they’d be near. He liked the thought of being there a lot more than being inside of a big city, maybe there was a good side to all of this chaos. “What do you think the house looks like?”
“I have the movies…” Bucky said, still looking nervous, clutching onto himself so tightly that his knuckles were white.
“You do, I’m excited,” Tony agreed, sitting up on the couch and giving Bucky his undivided attention as he clasped his hands together. “Will you please sing it for us and absolutely make our day?”
“I know it,” Tony held his head high, looking about as kingly as he could manage. “I mean, how could he say no to me?”
“Of course,” Von Doom nodded, though he didn’t seem as amused by this as Stane was, until you looked him in the eye. There was a definite twinkle there.
“…I’m firing those guards,” Tony grumbled, not looking happy in the least.
One step at a time, however, starting with the letter he had to write.
And with that thought, Tony’s mind went back to Latveria, wondering just how much his uncle didn’t know about Victor Von Doom.
“So who the bloody hell…Pepper?” Stane tried, not sure of who managed to catch Tony’s eye enough for him to think marriage.
“Yes, an embarrassing amount,” admitted Steve, figuring this game was going to be a lot more fun if he just told the truth. “Now can I ask you if you’ve been with anyone else?”
“As long as it’s over, I’m happy,” Bucky took off the chain from around his neck as they  walked into their sitting room, setting it down on a table. “I say we spend the rest of the night in here. Just ask for some food and drink to be brought up.”
“I agree, though…I was scared I was going to hurt you, and I didn’t want to do that,” Peggy said, getting herself a piece of paper towel to dry her eyes, sighing at the smudged make up on it. “You couldn’t have done this before I started my make up, jerk?”
“Tony, this could be your grief talking,” Stane sighed, going to take a seat next to Tony’s, reaching over to put a hand on his arm. “You’re hurting, you have just had an immense loss. You need time to grieve properly, and I think making decisions as a King in your state could be dangerous. You’re not thinking straight.”
“Yeah, it’s okay,” Bucky sighed, looking back to the little dog on the shelf, wondering if he could make it wag its tail again. Maybe not right now. “My father died when I was a small kid, I don’t remember him at all. My mom and sister, though, they…they got sick one winter. My mom couldn’t work, and we were thrown out onto the street, and they were just so sick…”
“You’re not here to clean, Mom,” Steve reminded her, leading her back to her seat, taking the one across from her. “People are taking care of you here, not the other way around. You don’t have to lift a finger ever again if everything goes well.”
“Sorry, sorry about that,” Tony said as Steve unlocked the doors, looking down at him and smiling weakly. “We have the flight. One stop to refuel, but other than that, we’re going straight there alone.”
“Sing?” Tony repeated, laughing a little, though it wasn’t malicious. “Who do you sing to?”
“Then…how about we get him for you?” Tony asked, biting the inside of his mouth to contain the gigantic grin that was threatening to spread across his face.
“Tons. We got pictures of them being weighted and cleaned up,” Steve said, sitting up with pride and a smile. “I’ve already sent pictures to Sam and Peggy, they send their congratulations and they can’t believe how cute they are.”
“They are,” Steve echoed, looking over at Bucky, who was purposely not looking back at him.
“It’s a big choice,” Steve acknowledged, but he too was running out of patience. “But I think you’d feel better if you just told us, Tony. Keeping it in is just driving all three of us insane.”
“Yes, they’re in, and I’m fine,” Bucky replied, not looking back at them as he stared into the fire, holding his right hand up towards the flames to warm it. There was a twinge of cold in his left arm, the ghost of nerves that no longer existed, but there was no warming what wasn’t there. He just had to hope that a decent night’s sleep took care of the sensation.
“I’m sorry, Tony, but that isn’t an option,” Stane reminded him as he sat down on another chair Tony kept nearby. “You forfeit and you lose your money, your resources, all of Iron Castle, including this room. So if you want to continue to waste your time, I suggest you hurry up and get married. I’ve already assembled the information on a few good matches for you.”
Steve looked at Tony, considering a long moment to just do nothing, to torture him, to enjoy him writhing beneath him. Then, however, he was painfully reminded of his own hard-on as Tony intensified the friction between their bodies. Well, keeping the other waiting until he was nothing more than begs and pleas had to wait. He felt the heat radiating from Tony’s body and felt bound to look at the other’s suggestive smirks. It was impossible how fast Tony caught him again. If he hadn’t known better he would feel like a fly in the web of a spider. But he knew better. Knew that Tony was the one being caught and “tied” up. He smirked himself, enjoying the thought of himself being the one dominant, not the boy from nowhere, knew to everything and weird to everybody else.
Tony pulled him even closer, their bodies flush together now and hummed in agreement.
And the only problem he had at the moment was how to get to his locker. If he had a choice, he would have rushed past the crowd and would have come back later, however, he needed his books today. History test. His only advantage was the fact that he was tall. And muscular. His biggest disadvantage was that he a) was alone and b) not Tony Stark. He sighed and took a deep breath to calm him down. Only people, not poisonous snakes.
Tony shrugged and Steve inhaled deeply. Normally, nobody dared to speak like that with Tony. Nobody abide from Natasha Romanov.
Steve could see the way Bucky glanced at Sam, longingly, and saw how Sam’s feet were restless beneath the table. They obviously wanted to dance and were holding back because of him.
"Absolutely wonderful", Tony smirked, his grip around Steve's waist got stronger, "I'm sure we'll have lots of fun."
Steve couldn’t understand why. He was unsure about what to say, about what Tony would do next, what he was up to. Another simple “yes” would have to do.
Steve wanted to back away, one quick step but he couldn’t move while his eyes locked with Tony’s. Instead of backing away, leaving this fight to somebody else, he lunged forward, trying to press Tony against the wall. He longed for the touch, their messy kisses. But Tony only sidestepped him, his face a mocking grin.
But when I wrote this and consulted my outline, all it says was "make a cliffhanger ending" and I decided that yes, that was a nice yet evil idea.
Steve only stared at him in disbelief. His mouth fell open and he wasn’t able to close it by himself: “You do what?”
“Its nothing”, he stated and he was as convincing as a late night infomercial.
„What about me setting the pace?", the blonde growled, moving his hips greedily upwards. Tony led out a suppressed moan, his face a mask of lust and want.
“Do we really need to get drunk?”, Steve asked and looked with raised eyebrows at the various cocktails. No way he was taking any one of these.
“I would really prefer us forgetting about this”, he then stated. If he kept looking at the other longer, his brain would either suffer a meltdown or would go offline again. Consequences unclear in both situations. And not desirable.
“Bucky?”, he demanded, louder than usually, trying the handle, “Bucky, for fuck’s sake, get me out of here”
The rest of the day was considerably eventless. He could feel more angry glares on his bacl than on the days before, but nobody said something. He guessed that he was to unimportant for a fight or maybe that Natasha had told them to ignore him. After all, it made no difference.
“So eager to prove something?”, Tony whispered into his ear, his voice hoarse and almost a tad submissive. Almost. If it hadn’t been Tony.
Steve missed the water and thick warmth in the air the moment he left the bathroom. He had always enjoyed a long, hot shower. It made his head clear. Something he definitively needed in a situation like this. He couldn’t wrap his mind around what happened. Being drunk and making mistakes - okay. Critical but normal. Being not drunk and making the same mistake again - absolutely moronic.
“Uhm, hi Steve”, he said and nervously stood in the doorframe.
He slid down before Tony could react and pulled down his zipper in one go. He looked up only to see the other’s eyes even more widened together with a little smile settling on his lips. Steve was certain to replace it with something else. He pulled down Tony’s trousers and pants and wasted no time.
The only outcome of the whole things was people gossiping about him. And- sadly- being extradited to Tony if he decided to play bully again. Steve sighed, loudly.
Steve managed to roll his eyes but went showering nonetheless. He would have had sports after school anyways and was quite glad he packed another set of clothes he could wear instead. There was still a dull ache, anger and sadness, but not as prominent as before, somewhat dried out.
Steve felt his breath hitching and cursed himself for it. He had worked so hard to maintain control and now it slowly slipped from him. Tony watched him with a curious impression. Waiting for me to crack, Steve realized. Tony hated losing.
It hurt and Steve could do nothing about it. He had known from the beginning that Tony was a playboy and had no romantic interest in him, he had known that their whole relationship was based on challenging each other, not on love.
“And that’s how I ended up being featured in that music video”, Steve heard a loud and way to self-confident voice, followed by lots of “Ohs” and “Ahs”. He wouldn’t believe any of that without a prove. He sighed, facing the crowd in front of him like his worst enemy. Considering the fact that he had no friends in this school, they were at least an obstacle. Somehow. He wagged his head, puzzled about why he started thinking stuff like that. He was not surrounded by enemies or obstacles, God, he was in school, that was all.
I was unsure at first whether I should write this scene or not. But as many of you in the comments wanted a bit of Top!Tony and inspiration hit me, I wrote this chapter almost in one go.
“I’m not a bore, I just have a sense of privacy and self-respect.”
Steve’s breath grew harder, it stung a bit and he made himself relax. He knew how it would feel soon and he wanted it to happen better sooner than later. He felt his body adjust faster than he’d expected but then on the other hand Tony really knew what he did. It already felt fantastic and with Tony just knowing where to touch and how, he was certain that it’d get only better from now on. At first Tony’s movement was comparably slow, giving him a bit of time to adjust. They were both not the kind for slow and tender so it was only a matter of time before the pressure and the movement would increase likewise. Steve was already longing for it and when the slightly biting pain had completely faded, he started to push himself against the other’s fingers, showing how he was ready and needed more. Demanding more. Tony chuckled, his lips and especially his teeth left playful marks on his neck, showing off mostly. Steve felt the urge to curse because now everyone would be able to see, but he never managed to. Tony had complied and intensified his movements, his fingers now relentlessly brushing over Steve’s prostate, literally making him scream. There were lips covering his own, greedily taking what he had offered earlier and Tony’s other hand that drew him closer, brought heated skin to heated skin. It was all the friction, the heat, the desire in Tony’s eyes, all the right sensation that made his whole body shiver, that made Steve forget about everything else. The world could have turned upside down and he wouldn’t have recognized it. There was only Tony and his fingers in him, the heat in his groin and the teeth that left marks on his skin. He felt his back arch when Tony angled just right and heard himself moan. Their bodies were still colliding and every time Steve regained the ability to move his body on his own, he had to touch the other, had to get more and more and more. Soon, the fingers weren’t enough anymore. He knew and Tony knew.
“I didn’t think you’d be that normal”, Steve felt awkward saying it, thus it was true. He had expected Tony to be all the time the arrogant bragger, billionaire playboy. But actually, they were very much alike.
But then it was Tony, Tony who he hated and wanted in ways he couldn’t fully understand. It made him very suspicious and as enjoyable the friction between them was, it was also scary to have some sort of a bond to somebody he didn’t knew nor liked. Maybe it was what both of them needed. He had had his far share of relationships, thought never something like this, never something for him to be truly himself, not only the nice guy.
(See the end of the chapter for
„Tony, there really is no reason to wear that.”, Steve sighed deeply, examing him thoroughly.
Steve couldn’t stop his hands from finding their way to Tony’s hips, settling on there like they belonged there. Tony’s eyes followed his movement, his face showed triumph and the blonde immediately knew he had made a mistake. He wasn’t sure whether he should hate Tony for tricking him or if he should be amazed.
“You try to convince people on a regular basis, don’t you?”, he teased.
He couldn’t tell who of them had needed it more but it was exactly as he had imagined. He tasted blood on his tongue, his and Tony’s, felt how the other’s hands wandered restlessly over his body before finally settling on his back and in his hair. It was a feeling somewhere between sweet pain and exquisite need. He pressed even firmer against Tony’s body, his hands slipping beneath the shirt, feeling lean muscles and how fast Tony’s breath was going. He heard a groan when he started rubbing the flushed skin and felt how Tony’s fingers tucked deeper into his hair, pulling his body closer and causing their kiss to become even messier. He heard himself moan, felt how heat flooded his body and desire replaced the rest of his pride and sanity.
It was a normal day when Sam sat down next to him during lunch break. The only break in normality was that Sam sat in front of his pizza and made no attempt to eat it. That alone being highly unusual, he also kept giving him weird, worried glances. Steve had no idea what could have happened but he clearly sensed something was wrong. He uncomfortably flinched in his chair and eyed his best friend, waiting for some sort of answer. Sam spend another couple of minutes staring at his pizza before he finally faced Steve.
Steve instinctively felt that something bad would happen.
“You are such a tease”, Steve finally managed to say behind grinded teeth, his whole body shaking with anticipation. Tony’s boxers were yanked down, exposing him completely. It distracted him exactly long enough for Steve to move into action, catching both of Tony’s wrists to bring them forcefully against the wall. Tony sighed, his eyes closing for a moment to enjoy the heat and tension before he snapped back, arching his body against Steve’s, trying to get friction on his straining erection. Steve only chuckled, his other hand now cupping Tony’s ass and grinded a few times against Tony, leaving him even more desperate than before.
Her hands were perched up against her hips and she had that look that told Steve not to mess with her.
Steve shrugged.
Tony made a pause, his eyes sparkling challenging: ”Just say it, darling. We had sex, you want it to be a one night thing. Which normally is my part to say”
“We really want you to have friends and a social life, and maybe you can’t get away from rich kids like Tony Stark because they are the center of this universe, but please don’t start a relationship with somebody who is as spoiled as this Stark must be. We left the city when I was pregnant because we wanted to spare you from those people. People like Tony Starks.”, his mother sighed and resigned, his father continuing to guilt-trip him.
“I do hope to share that side of me with you”, Tony purred, hot breath against his neck.
Tony’s response was a tease. His smirk was wide and determined, his voice was ridiculously innocent: “You know very well where this one will end. Only depends on how long you want them to watch”
"The orgasm", Tony lips were close to Steve's ear again. Steve shuddered.
“Even?”, Tony laughed, “fairness is for others, not for us. You came crawling back, you know that. So, it’s time to give up that pride of yours and admit it. I’ll know anyway”
“I hope you can take being fucked properly”, he whispered in Tony’s skin, his voice sharper as ever before. He played with the sensitive skin there, testing how resistant it was against his teeth, testing how much Tony would enjoy being hurt. It turned out he liked it as much as he liked hurting Steve.
“Obviously”, Steve replied and was torn between chocking Tony and fucking him, ignoring all the people who might watch.
“Most of the time. And now you should stop complaining and eat your donut”, Tony looked at him with a smile in his eyes and some strawberry frosting on his lips. He leaned in to kiss and Steve pulled him closer, tasting the sweet frosting mixing with the chocolate on his own lips.
“At least my partner can pay for a new kitchen after he ruined the old one”, Steve teased and turned around. Looking at his once beautiful kitchen really hurt him. Thought he was not really angry. Something like that tended to happen a few times a year since Tony had moved in.
“Are you planning on doing something today?”, Tony interrupted his thoughts and all came back. The need, the pleasure of their kisses and touches, the violence of their every movement, the competition of their sole beings. Tony’s fingers brushed, and his grin was way too innocent here, over his crotch before Tony’s other hand on his back got more demanding, probably already starting to mark him. Steve looked at the light hand prints he had left on the other’s body and decided that he was more than okay with some scratching marks on his back. Tony raised another suggestive eyebrow, his lips harshly connecting with Steve’s and his hands clawing into his back. It was an offer as well as an order.
Bucky sighed: “Well, I make you wait to, right?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Then the elevator opened with a ‘pling’.
“I hope I would have just gotten so desperate I would have told you”, he stated.
Well, it didn’t remain a kiss after Tony’s hands were roaming his lover’s body and he could feel Steve’s own hands travelling over his back before they ran up and down his spine. Tony shivered, his body pressed even more desperate into Steve’s, their bodies now pressed against the wall of their room. Steve’s fingers brushed over the hem of his jumpsuit, sliding beneath the fabric. He murmured something, probably condescending Tony’s fashion sense.
“We thought it would be nice for you to leave some steam, to, well, punch into something and imagine it looks like Tony”
“Don’t you dare have sex in there!”, he shouted while Steve could hear Sam’s almost hysterical laughter.
After about a week of mysterious activities he was not part off, he had enough. His life was currently too messed up to lose another friend, let alone two. He confronted them when Bucky came to pick them up after sports.
Steve watched him and knew that his was – as everything between them – another sort of challenge. And maybe an offer.
So, he was sitting there, slowly taking sips from the alcohol in front of him, burning down his throat, and thought his life over and over again. There was no way to make it look better than it was, to ease away the betrayal.
There will be some more talking and of course I owe you some smut now (I feel bad for Bucky's couch thought)
He felt teeth sinking into his upper lip and Tony’s hands on the zipper of his trousers. His breath hitched and he was once again helplessly caught in Tony’s lure. Suddenly, he didn’t care that Tony was sitting on the kitchen counter, legs wrapped around his hips, pulling him closer. He surrendered, leaned in, answered the kiss, turned it into a battle for dominance. He couldn’t tell who won because Tony decided to cheat by pressing a hand against the bulk in Steve’s trousers. He groaned, his fingers almost tearing the fabric of Tony’s shirt which he’d gripped only seconds before.
On the other hand, when he imagined Tony returning his feelings because somewhat the world wasn’t as cruel has he’d thought, warmth spread through his body and a wide smile appeared on his face. It felt right.
“Are you in love with me then?”, another question, asked by Tony’s abnormally calm and steady voice.
Steve’s breath hitched and his eyes widened in panic: “There’s nothing on Facebook or Twitter, isn’t it?”, his voice was unstable and shaking. If Tony made any of these public, he would personally kill him. Slow and painful.
“Well, then”, the grin was wide and dangerous, “I’ll find different ways to see you beg”
"I definitely need to get out of here", he choked out after he imagined their mouths touching and their bodies pressing against each other.
“He literally dragged me there. I had no choice”, Steve tried to defend himself, already thinking of a good explanation where he’d been over the night.
He only shrugged his shoulders. He hadn’t been bored. In fact, he had been comfortable somewhat, enjoying the other’s presence even thought they had just somewhat coexisted in this room.
They had been well into their third drink, his head already cloudy – he wasn’t used to drinking that much – , his movements slow and slurry, when music started to play because they had spent enough time in the bar to reach the part of the evening when people used the too small space to dance.
Simply kissed him. His lips were soft and smooth and careful and warm and perfect.
Pepper stared at him for a long moment, blinking once, twice. She nodded so slowly and Steve was convinced somebody had just turned his life into slow motion. He tried to read her face, figuring out what was going on in her head, why she even thought she had a right to attack him in an empty locker room.
"No chemistry class then", Sam stated and didn't particularly sound sad about it.
He was partly successful because Steve honestly had to laugh when Sam talked about his Chemistry teacher setting the table on fire. Accidentally of course. Hilarious part of the story being the tests that conveniently burned with the rest of things on the table, apparently earning everybody in the class an A. Because honestly, one couldn’t make them write that test again.
“It sounds like a start,” replied Fury as he kept his poker face, not wanting to ruin the chance at a budget increase. “You know, the job would probably go a lot smoother with twenty more men and some better weapons. Maybe some armour.”
“Yes, alright, I’ll do that right now,” Pepper smiled weakly, looking at Tony as she could still see sadness in his expression. “When did you want me to take him to his room?”
“Luke and Leia. I called it,” Tony said as he put the ultrasound machine away.
“I-I kind of…I kind of assumed…” Bucky admitted quietly, his eyes dropping to the floor, unable to help being embarrassed by his disability. “Not that I thought badly of you, I just…” Sighing, he closed his eyes for a moment. “I don’t know how to think otherwise.”
“Don’t worry, he’s harmless,” Natasha promised, holding up the dagger, though she knew she didn’t need it.
“Steve’s right, let’s think about that later and celebrate now. I’ll go into town later, get pizza and drinks, and we’ll let Bucky pick the movie,” Tony said, sitting down and putting Bucky’s legs in his lap. “For now, you have both of us, Bucky, what would you like to do?”
“Yes,” Tony said, taking the turn towards the parking lot, hoping that Bucky believed everything Steve had to say, he couldn’t bring himself to talk about that right now. “Like I said, I’m going to park and find this pilot. You two are going to stay here, and I don’t care who comes to the door, if it’s not me by myself, don’t open it. I’m leaving the keys with you.”
“I’m glad you value us more than land,” Steve chuckled, looking at Tony and wondering if this would be a good moment to kiss him. He was so giddy he couldn’t think straight. “Sorry, I’m trying to figure out how to kiss you and I’m having trouble.”
“That still leaves us with bodies,” Tony pointed out, not satisfied yet.
Steve Rogers had a crush.
“If only for the eagle attacks,” Steve said, smiling through the sadness he felt welling in his chest. As funny as this was, it was just another example of what Bucky had been deprived of, normal everyday things that he’d taken for granted.
“So when you made one of these…which one were you?” Bucky asked, figuring if Steve was trying to be light hearted, he should make an attempt to be as well. Inside, he just wanted Tony to come back with news his father was dead, and that it was safe to go home.
“…Steve…” Bucky whispered as the kiss broke.
“I told them I had a nightmare,” Bucky grumbled, annoyance heavy in his voice. “I couldn’t think of anything else, so I said that, and now those guards will think I’m a fucking baby.”
“I probably should, but I don’t quite consider that art,” Tony shrugged a little, pursing his lips. “Maybe I should, but if I make something and it doesn’t work, I get disappointed. I want everything to work the way it does in my brain, I give myself a hard time when my hands can’t copy that. That…that honestly doesn’t happen as much any more though, I’ve gotten pretty good at making little creations.”
“Just write out a bunch of numbers, hand them out, and then pull one from a hat,” Tony said matter of factly as he went to sit on the corner of the desk Pepper used, picking up a paper weight and tossing it from hand to hand. “I think you’re making this a lot more complicated than it needs to be.”
“I know you will,” Bucky said, a small worried smile crossing his face, sniffing back tears. “So much is going to change so fast. You know, when we leave this room, we’re going to be fathers.”
“Who is he in charge of again?” Tony asked, trying to think of what he’d heard attached to that name before. He’d been introduced to so many people in his life, it was hard to tell them apart without them standing in front of him.
Steve meets up with a friend and does something risky, and Bucky is afraid for his future.
Renting a grey SUV, Steve loaded up the trunk whilst Tony messed with the GPS, putting in the location of their cabin so Steve could get them there. Tony had drank entirely too much on the plane, his mind having not reminded him that there was a driving portion to this escape, so he was thankful when Steve offered to drive.
“We do, they were supposed to buried in them,” Tony let go of his fiancés, going over to their coffins and opening them up to reveal two gold crowns with red jewels encircling them. Carrying them over, he put them on the pulpit just before he reached into his pocket to pull out two gold rings like his own. “I thought of everything.”
“Come in…” he said, his voice cracking as he got himself settled.
“Yes, they…Father said I didn’t need to see anything more than my new room, I don’t think he wants to somehow give me some sense of hope, I’m much more useful broken down,” Bucky shook his head, tightening his grip on Steve as he tried to ignore the box, sick at the thought of going inside it only to emerge into another place like this.
Bucky felt like he couldn’t breathe by the time he got to the right edge of the stage. Looking up at King Anthony in all his splendor, he clutched the ticket tighter as he tried not to give in to his panic. Licking his lips, he took a deep breath and held up his ticket to a guard, who examined it before taking Bucky by the arm to escort him over to the King and his Uncle.
“We’ll take good care of him when he does wake up, he’ll have everything he needs,” Tony reached out, taking Steve’s hand and giving it a squeeze. “Are you okay?”
“I understand…” Stane forced a smile, standing to bow slightly, his hand still on the side of his cup. “I promise you, this will be something that none of them shall forget for a very long time.”
“I wouldn’t have accepted the job if I knew he was your friend,” Clint said to her, fiddling with his mask in his hands.
“Ugh, don’t even say that. I can’t eat porridge again,” Natasha whined jokingly, though there was some truth to what she was saying. She’d had a taste of a better life, and she didn’t want to give it up. “Maybe we should coach you.”
“I’m not liking this, that’s for sure,” Bucky said, furrowing his brow and setting his half piece of bread down.
“Go ahead, Buck,” Steve smiled as he felt like he was reading Bucky’s mind, reaching over to put a hand on his back, letting him know he was right behind him.
“It’s a portable ultrasound, like the one they used to check my organs with, I remembered how to use it from watching them,” Bucky said softly, his voice quiet as he slowly passed the probe from hand to hand.
“I can’t move…” Bucky mumbled through the pillow, not budging except for breathing. He didn’t think he was going to be able to for a few more hours, at least.
“He used me and forgot about me,” Bucky answered, giving Steve another look. “He needed a sacrifice and I was conveniently there.”
“No, he’s right, but we don’t need to dig them up,” Tony covered his mouth with his hand, not liking what he was about to say. “My uncle told me once that the bodies of the executed are given to the medical school the next day, and I know today there was more than one. I think there were four. But they’d be in the bottom of the tower.”
“Of course, we left right away,” Von Doom lied, not feeling the need to tell Tony they’d left this morning and used magic to get there quickly. Tony didn’t need to know what he was capable of. “I think it took thirteen days, we knew of a few good shortcuts.”
“Doing what to my hair?” Bucky asked weakly, kind of attached to his long locks now that they were clean and smelled nice. He’d hated his hair until he gave it a good wash, he’d forgotten what colour it was supposed to be. “I kind of like it as it is.”
“I think they’re getting ready for us, I hear some commotion,” Natasha said as she got to her feet, smoothing out what felt like way too much skirt. She was going to have to hope Steve and Sarah kept their end of the bargain, though she hadn’t decided if they would.
“What was what?” Tony asked, looking at Steve intensely as he heard it too, the sound of a car door closing, followed by another. “Did we wander over to the Daniels property?”
“It’s…” Tony was trying not to stare at either of them, and mostly failing. “This way, follow me.”
“We’re not going anywhere,” Steve said, reaching over to turn off the lamp with his free hand, rolling back over to Bucky’s side. “Not without you, not as long as you need us.”
Stane stopped mid turn, looking back at Tony. “…you will?”
“Later. I swear to you it’s happening though,” Steve chuckled, patting the couch before opening the laptop and plugging in the ultrasound machine into one of it’s USB ports. He wasn’t sure exactly how this was going to work, but Tony assured him it would, so he was going to trust his expertise.
“I like to make clockwork creations,” Tony replied, a bit surprised at Bucky’s boldness, but appreciating it all the same. “I can make little…uhm, I’d suppose you’d call them toys. They move on their own, I’m quite proud of them, but I’m often told it’s not what Kings should be up to. What about you two, what do you do for fun?”
“Don’t try to get up, Bucky,” Steve said, still wearing scrubs, his voice gentle but firm as Bucky’s heart rate started to raise. “Baby, remember you came to have the twins, do you remember that? You did it.”
“Now?” asked Steve, raising his eyebrows as he looked back and forth between them. “I mean, I can go now, but…”
“Okay,” Bucky looked into the box as he began to turn the crank, watching as tiny raised bumps made slivers of metal dance. He’d never seen anything like it before, he couldn’t wait to show Natasha. “It’s really for me?”
“You really want to do this? Both of you?” Tony had to ask before they started, knowing that he wasn’t just asking them to join him in marriage, but in ruling an entire kingdom.
“It’s…hot,” Steve coughed, blinking back tears, wondering how Bucky could just drink it like that. “I don’t know if hot is the right word. It burns though. I’ve only ever had ale and wine.”
“So do you think Namor is going to show up?” Bucky asked, leaning his head back against the chair, loving how soft and plush it was. He felt like he was sinking into a cloud.
“We’re on the same page for that too then,” Steve muttered under his breath, taking the last of the luggage, and shutting the lift gate. “Let’s go talk this over with him, I feel wrong doing it behind his back, even if it is just to say we support him.”
“What about the wedding?” Tony asked him, leaning against the doorway. “I have to get married to keep my crown, and people are going to notice that I’m marrying two corpses.”
“I like the sound of that,” Bucky said with a smile, trying to look less nervous than he felt, but inside his heart was in overdrive. “Can someone else go first, though? I need to think.”
“I’m not a surgeon!” the doctor screamed, grabbing a t-shirt that was lying on the chair, balling it up and pressing it against Bucky’s heavily bleeding shoulder. “He needs to go to a hospital!”
“Sarah Rogers,” Steve said, hoping his mother would be easy to find, and that people hadn’t given her a hard time because he happened to win.
“Oh boy…” Peggy said, biting her lip for a moment before her shoulders relaxed. “…I think we’ve needed to have a talk for a bit if this is the talk I’m thinking of.”
Bucky turned his head to the right, looking at Steve sitting with a swaddled baby in his other arm, and it all came back to him fast. He was in the clinic, he’d been put out to have his children, and now he was awake and looking at one of them. “…are they okay?”
“Not all of us can be as cold as you, Namor, gods above…” Natasha frowned at the man before she sat down on the floor beside Bucky, watching him eat out of the corner of her eye.
“I will never hurt him…” Tony said softly, making eye contact with Steve as he kept his arm around Bucky. “You have my word.”
“I thought it would help us talk about names. We’ve only really been joking about it so far,” Bucky said, his hand on his stomach, which was getting bigger by the day now.
“Three, okay, I can do three,” Steve cleared his throat, trying to stay as calm as possible as he set the cards back down. “My dad died when I was really little so I don’t remember anything about him except his facial hair was scratchy, my favourite flavour of ice cream is Neapolitan but I always eat the vanilla, then strawberry, then chocolate, and…I hate whole wheat bread.”
“What did they do to you? Did they hurt you?” Steve asked, ignoring the cards, protectiveness flaring up within him as he thought of Bucky being tested on.
“I think Sam would both love and hate us for that,” Steve wasn’t sure if he should warn Sam first, or just let Missy walk up to him or something. He didn’t know how hands on Sam wanted to be in this. He’d have to make that decision later, anyway, he was stuck in the attic for now. “Okay, my turn to ask you a question. The last time you jerked off, who were you thinking about, me or Tony?”
“I promise,” Steve said before he could really think about it. He just wanted Bucky to feel safe, and he was prepared to do anything to ensure that. Tightening his arm around him, Steve pressed another kiss to the top of his head. “I swear to you, Buck.”
“Nah, you two can have a grocery store date, take your time,” Tony said, though he was already trying to think of a good activity to contain the four of them from making a disastrous mess. “Papa’s got this.”
“I’ll try to remember that,” Steve said with a nod, sure that Tony wasn’t chastising him or anything, it was just a gentle suggestion. Right?
“I just hope he’ll be happy with me,” Steve said with a weak laugh as the waitress came to refill their coffees. “Goddamn does he deserve it.”
“You don’t know my idiot nephew,” Stane snorted, rolling his eyes. “Throwing away his entire future for some idyllic notion of love and family is something he was born to do.”
“Mr. Rogers, hello,” Ms. Carr said as she stepped over to meet Steve in the cart, once it parked itself. “Don’t worry, you aren’t going to have to take that a ride every day, I’m sure that would get annoying after a while. We’re going to show you where your entrance is from now on so you can arrive and leave easier. You’ll have an area there to park your motorcycle, or receive deliveries if you order food. Other departments use that door, so no one will question you at all.”
“When you meet Bucky, don’t scream or act dramatic, you’ll scare him, he’s still in a bit of shock from his voyage here,” Howard said as he lead Tony down the stairs and into a room much like the one Bucky was used to. Only this time, there was another bedroom sharing the space of the exercise room, with a small fridge and hot plate. “He’s just fine, little nervous, but he’s okay.”
“My heart says to take them both…” Tony said after a moment, conceding the truth to Rhodey that he’d been afraid to tell himself. “Rhodey, that can’t be the right answer, no one would allow that.”
“….no,” Bucky said, picking up his water again as he slumped in his chair a bit, looking grumpy as Tony picked up his phone and typed something, Steve’s phone going off a second later. “Did that say ‘told you’? Give me that.”
“I can’t think of any either, I can just…” Stane trailed off, suddenly thinking for a moment of a name he’d heard in whispers before. “What if I told you I might know of someone in the neighbouring Kingdom that we might be able to convince to work for us?”
“Tony, you’re doing it again,” Steve interrupted again, pursing his lips together. “Just spit it out, man, you’re doing all our heads in.”
When Steve heard the knock on the door to the suite he shared with his mother, he gave her a nervous look and slowly got to his feet. Smoothing out the wrinkles from his clothes, he ran his hands over his hair, taking a few deep breaths before sliding his fingers around the knob. He could do this, there was nothing to be nervous about, he just had his entire life hanging in the balance.
“Then why don’t we just drop the prices on our iron in exchange for you making us some of this steel. At a reasonable rate, of course,” Tony suggested, hoping they could at least get enough to outfit his more elite army. He wasn’t thrilled with the prospect of going into business with Latveria, but if it meant saving lives in the long run, he’d have to do it.
“Thank you,” Bucky said, getting into the car and pushing his bucket down on the floor as Steve got in from the other side. Lying down on the seat, he rested his head in Steve’s lap as Tony began to drive again.
“Fuck…” Bucky breathed as he stood up, though a few seconds later, the pain slowly faded, leaving him with a dull ache. He wanted to go to bed, he was still exhausted, but he didn’t want to wake Tony and Steve by rolling around trying to accommodate an aching back. He was going to have to go downstairs to the couch and hope it was as easy to fall asleep there now as it was in the afternoon watching television with his husbands.
“You’ve definitely proved that to me a thousand times over, Buck, I’m going to be a father because of you, I’m a husband again because of you,” Steve adjusted Bucky in his arms, smiling at him as they got moving again. “You brought everything into my life, I felt like I was sleepwalking before you. I never thought I could love another man, much less two, and you’re the one that made me see all that. So thank you.”
“We’ll get you out somehow, even if we have to run, I swear to you,” Natasha promised, bending down to clean up Bucky’s supper, handing it back to him as she stood.
“I-if you’re so sure…” Bucky took a deep breath, looking between them for a moment before he closed his eyes and tugged the shirt up and over his head, dropping it to the floor. Eyelids still shut, he rocked on his feet nervously for a moment. “Well, say something. You’re freaking me out.”
Bucky nodded, tears streaming down his face as he covered it, taking a moment to cry into his hands before he looked at Tony again. Not saying a word, he stepped forward to hug him tightly, clenching his eyes shut as he continued to weep. It wasn’t the same as having his arm back, but it was the closest thing he could ever hope for. It was the most thoughtful gift he could imagine.
Pouring another drink, Tony rested it against his forehead, the ice inside chilling the glass just enough to cool his brow. Taking it with him, he headed upstairs to his rooms next, going straight to his bathroom to grab a few painkillers to wash down with the rest of his scotch. He was definitely in the mood to get very drunk tonight, but he needed to be more responsible than that, he needed to go see his houseguests and fill them in on what was going on. He was pretty sure that they’d sleep a lot easier knowing that Howard was locked away for now. Leaving his glass behind, he headed down the hall to the room Steve and Bucky had selected, knocking softly on the door.
Tony couldn’t speak for a second, opening his mouth a little as only a tiny strangled sound escaped. Looking down at the two other men in their t-shirts and boxers, Steve with his perfect build and Hollywood looks, and lithe and beautiful Bucky looking at him with wide sky blue eyes, he felt like he was going to melt into a puddle where he stood. Nodding, he reached out to take Bucky by the hand, letting him lead him to his side of the bed.
“No one blames you for that,” Sarah said, feeling maternal over Bucky as she always had. There had been a time when he was pretty much her second son, and it was still close to her heart.
“You’re our Bucky, and we love our Bucky just as he is,” Steve added, not about to let Bucky talk about himself that way. “You were always gorgeous naked, and I don’t think that’s changed. I know you’re sure of yourself that you look a certain way, but the two of us are sure of ourselves too, and we both think you’re going to look just as good, if not better than we do.”
“Excellent, Mr. Rogers,” Ms. Carr said, taking the tablet back, sending off the contract before opening Steve’s personnel file, selecting it so it appeared over the tablet for both of them to see. “You have an exemplary record here in your five years at Stark Industries. You have multiple notes in your file about excellent service, your problem solving skills are great, and you’ve never has so much as a complaint from your co-workers. You’re a star employee.”
“As far as we can figure, they were never any sort of target, but we did give them more security just to be certain,” Fury said, looking over at Bucky. “New security in Natasha’s case, I heard what happened to the ones who were supposed to be watching over you.”
“Yeah, just to read when you aren’t here to sing it for me. You will sing that again, right?” asked Steve as he let go of Bucky to look him in the eyes.
“Pepper came from common blood and look at her. She manages all the staff here,” Tony pointed out, putting his feet up as if to enjoy the fact that his point was better than Stane’s. “She’s the one keeping this castle running.”
Rolling his eyes and shaking his head, Steve turned back to the table, loading up his plate and pouring himself a cup of coffee as well. He’d heard of coffee before, and he was pretty sure this was it going by the description he was given. Sniffing it carefully, he blew across the dark surface of the liquid before bringing it to his lips for a tentative sip. Eyes going wide, he took a more substantial drink next, feeling like his whole body was warming from within. He liked coffee.
“So you want to steal some bodies, put them in bed, and light them on fire? All without being caught?” Steve didn’t think it could be done, though if the others were so determined, he did have someone else that could help.
“Likewise,” Howard smiled, looking over at the box of cupcakes, chuckling a little. “I guess that’s one way to win someone over. How’s your first morning going so far. Steve?”
“And ruin the surprise? You’re going to have to see when everyone else does,” putting down his tweezers, Tony turned to look up, his eyes sore from hours of focusing. “What was it we were meeting for?”
“You’re hardly fine, you look like you fell in the lake,” Natasha shook her head at her friend’s stubbornness, but there wasn’t much more she could do with a grown twenty year old. “Are you hungry? There’s some bread in the kitchen, I can get it for you.”
“Fuck…” Bucky moaned around Tony, dropping from his hand to his elbow on the bed so he could stroke what he wasn’t sucking on. He missed this so much, feeling full up, having Steve sinking deep into him as well as having a cock to suck on at the same time. This was new, and he was going to request that it be something the do a lot.
“I think most of these paintings could feed a block of houses for a year,” Bucky replied, examining some fruit he’d never seen before. It was yellow and sweet, but it was full of little strands that got stuck in his teeth. Still, he couldn’t stop eating it.
“If we don’t find out, the bet is off, that’s the fairest way to do it,” Tony said, trying to keep a straight face. “And no, you have to look after dinner if you lose. You have to drive to town and get a large pizza.”
“No one’s ever asked,” Tony replied, smiling genuinely as their eyes met again. He wished it was brighter in here, he wanted to see every shade of blue in Bucky’s irises. “Just because I’m important doesn’t mean anyone really cares. I mean, Pepper cares, but she kind of has to. I don’t know what she’d do if I told her she was free, I mean, she might stay out of some sense of loyalty but…” Tony put his hand on Bucky’s shoulder, giving it a squeeze.
“…baby, if you don’t want to, we can stop this,” Tony whispered softly. It was a thought he didn’t want to have, but he wasn’t going to deny Bucky anything, especially that. “It’s not too late.”
“All he ever wanted was grandkids. We give him some and he almost murders our husband,” Tony laughed weakly, shaking his head as he wished he could just crawl into bed. His bed, with both of them. “I called Dr. Marner, I told her we’d let her know about Bucky as soon as possible. She still wants to do this, if they make it, she feels fucking terrible about what happened.”
“Good morning to you too,” she said, turning the coffee maker on before sitting at the small island with her make up bag and a mirror. “I’m using that Kenyan blend you like, maybe you should bring a coffee with you to the office. Though I’m sure they have coffee there too.”
“So am I,” Tony said as he grabbed a hold of Bucky’s hip with one hand and his cock in the other, positioning it up to the younger man’s ass. “I’ve been wanting to do this since I saw you both, I swear.” Pushing inside Bucky, he ran his hands down his back and under his body to stroke his leaking erection in time with his thrusts.
“That’s most unexpected,” Stane said after taking a drink, watching as Tony finished off a whole glass only to pour himself more. “I thought you seemed in good spirits, why are you drinking so much?”
“Don’t tell me who has what, I’d like to be surprised,” she laughed, watching as Tony squirted some gel on Bucky’s belly before taking out the want, wasting no time to find out what they were having.
“…because I’m alone…” Bucky whispered weakly, his eyes meeting Steve’s again as they silently pleaded to him for help, his arms shaking as he held himself. “…I’m scared…”
“You literally said that up until eight months ago and then it was all baby this and baby that, and here we are,” Tony reminded him, but he only got an annoyed look in return. “Look, if you’re really done, we can get your tubes tied and you’ll be done with birth control.”
“Mmm, don’t tempt me to drag you to bed now,” Bucky purred, nuzzling Steve’s neck where it met his collarbone. “I want all of both of your attention all the time, so it would be safe to say that I wouldn’t mind taking you both at once yet again.”
“I didn’t think we’d ever settle that land squabble. Good work, Buck,” Steve said as they walked from the throne room back towards their bedroom suite, eager to take a break and spend some time with his husbands. It wasn’t quite the first anniversary they’d planned, they’d had to spend the morning working on an issue between two farmers two from the day before. It seemed to be resolved for now, though, and they could enjoy themselves.
“I’m sorry, I’m so sorry…” Steve sniffed, unaware that he was crying until he felt the tears running down his cheeks. “I didn’t mean to push you away, I was stupid and scared, but that’s no excuse. I fucking love you and I still let you down.”
“Are we doing this in the great hall or in town?” Strange needed a bit more clarification before he could make any promises.
“Oh believe me, you won’t be,” Tony said as he dropped his underwear to the ground along with Steve, both men crawling onto the bed. “Bucky, my beautiful Bucky, there’s nothing I won’t do for you.”
“What, you want to play a game or…oh,” Steve remembered the last time they’d played this game, on his first day here, and he was more than willing to go along with it. “Okay, pick a card.”
“I have an even better idea. Why don’t we take this to my bedroom where we’ll have supplies, and do less talking. Unless someone’s talking dirty, and then, by all means, please continue,” Tony said, looking at Steve, wishing he could telepathically give that towel a tug.
Closing his eyes again, determined to sleep this time, Bucky relaxed in the warm embrace of mattress, pillow, and blanket. After a bit of frustrating daydreaming, including fighting the urge to go run to Tony’s room to ask him if masturbation was okay, he drifted off. Mumbling in his sleep, he was blissfully unaware of everything around him as he slept off the alcohol from earlier.
“You’re right,” Tony said with a sigh, looking over at Pepper and giving her a little nod. “This is my assistant, Pepper. She’ll organize a proper meeting between our people and hopefully we can get a few more cases worth of that stuff.”
“And I love you,” Tony said, cupping Bucky’s cheek in his hand, leaning in to press their lips together for a moment. “You didn’t think I loved   you less because of what happened, do you?”
“Thanks…” the corners of Bucky’s mouth played up in a little smile as their blue eyes met. There was so much warmth in them still. It was like looking down at his long dead mother. Like it always had been.
“I like whiskey, probably too much,” Tony moved over to the table in the sitting room, pouring three glasses half full with his personal stash of finer liquor. Handing one tumbler to Von Doom, he picked up both to give one to his Uncle, keeping one for himself. “I’ve been told I can drink too much, but it’s what gives my brain a rest at the end of the day.”
“You’re late for supper!” Pepper pursed her lips sternly, still hugging her notebook to her chest, a pencil clutched in her hand.
“That was hardly fair, I was drinking,” Steve frowned, though he wasn’t as disappointed as he made out. In reality, he kind of saw it as getting it done and over with fast, and then he could move on from being nervous to being something else. “Fine, I go first.”
“Mayyybe a bit.”
“That is for DRINKING, not SISTERS HEADS!” Bucky called over just as Peter began to undo the cap, innocently drinking from it instead.
“All of it,” Stephen Strange said back to him, his arms crossed over his amulet, looking unimpressed. “I’m not doing it.”
“I don’t know what’s going to happen afterwards, though,” Sarah hoped this wasn’t going to spoil the rest of the day.
“I don’t hate you, I couldn’t hate you, I love you with all of my heart!” Tony stressed to him, not wanting to pull on Bucky, knowing that it would make his shoulder worse. The few drops of blood on his shoulder had turned into one large spot with a line descending from it.
“No no no…” Tony felt like he was going to be sick, hurrying straight for the door without a weapon or a plan, throwing it open as he barged into his house. It took everything in him to keep himself from being sick the moment he saw his father standing in the middle of the room with two other men, one of them holding Bucky tightly with a hand over his mouth.
“Oh my god…” Tony whispered, watching the two of them completely spellbound as he fought every urge to join in, his hand moving slowly over his cock. Just hearing Bucky was enough to make him want to finish right now, it was the most beautiful noise he’d ever heard.
As a feeling like ice water ran down his back, Steve took a slow breath in, looking back down at Bucky as he realized just what he’d got himself into. And, as if he could hear him, Bucky took that opportunity to look up at Steve, their blue eyes meeting through the clear glass.
“I, uhh, tonight?” Steve asked, his face lighting up as he watched the joy that spread over Tony and Bucky’s faces, his heart feeling like it was burning in his chest as it beat faster. He couldn’t possibly love this entire situation more, and he was falling harder for these two every moment he spent with them.
“Huh…” Steve said, leaning in a bit, squinting at the screen before turning back to Bucky. “Baby, are you sure?”
“I am not giving Namor that much satisfaction,” laughed Natasha, shaking her head emphatically as she set her cup next to Bucky’s. “He’s bad enough when he just thinks he’s right.”
“So can I call you Bucky again?” Steve asked, laughing breathlessly as he pressed their foreheads together. “Can I tell you I love you again?”
“And half of her duties are things you should be doing yourself,” Stane fought every urge to push Tony’s feet off the table, more and more annoyed with his smart ass nephew.
“Oh…okay…” Steve said, sitting next to Bucky and reaching a hand out to rub his back. “Are you okay? Are you checking on something in particular?”
The festivities are in full swing and Tony is ready to pick his spouse. Until it goes wrong.
“I can’t…oh gods…” Steve groaned as a shiver ran up his spine, his hips jolting out of rhythm as Bucky bared down on him. He didn’t know how much longer he was going to be able to last if his partner kept doing tricks like that.
Bucky was about to argue, but something about Steve’s tone made him think that was going to be a bad idea. Sitting on the couch instead, he leaned back and sighed, wishing he could just find out now if the baby was going to be okay.
“Don’t forget that gel,” Bucky said, pointing to a bottle on the coffee table. “You put that on my stomach so the wand moves over it easier.”
“Oh? Do tell,” Von Doom said, interested once again.
“You’re so eager for that, I’m still worried mine is going to be terrible,” Bucky sighed as he walked into the sitting room, going over to the green loveseat he preferred to recline in. Picking up his drink, he took a sip, and put his feet up.
“Alright, alright, I get it,” Von Doom snapped, glaring back at Stane to shut up. “So Tony doesn’t want to marry me, I get that, we obviously have to put him into a situation where he has absolutely no choice in the matter.”
“I’m sorry…” Bucky’s bottom lip began to quiver as tears rose in his eyes.
“Of course, she can talk to mine, Valeria,” Von Doom said as he gestured over to a dark haired woman in the corner, holding her own book in her hands. “Maybe while they’re talking business, we can have a much more candid conversation.”
“Mmm, dunno…” Steve mumbled as he slowly woke up, turning over as he heard Laika whimpering too. “Why’s she crying?”
“I don’t know if he’d appreciate us jumping into the shower with him, maybe we should wait for him on the bed. Maybe…” It was Bucky’s turn to grin from ear to ear as a mischievous thought filled his head. “Maybe we should be naked under the covers.”
“Maybe you can one day, but right now two babies are plenty, so we’re going to be using birth control for when you feel up to that again,” Steve said, unable to stop looking at his two husbands and the pure happiness in their eyes as they watched the babies. “You don’t have to jump right back to that, I know you’re sore and tired.”
Bucky didn’t answer for a moment as he went back and forth in head on whether he should bring Namor with him. The man was positively rude at the best of times, but he didn’t want to just leave him behind either. He’d have to leave it up to Namor, he wasn’t sure if his friend had any desire to live amongst royalty, but he would give him the opportunity at least.
“I’m just a goat herder.”
“Then I can do a display in the sky that won’t rain down and burn everything,” Strange refilled their teas as he picked his cup up again. “Is that satisfactory? I’ll make it look like the stars are coming to life to dance through the sky.”
“Are you seriously asking me that?” Tony burst out laughing, grinning from ear to ear. “Yes, you may always do that to me unless we’re out in public or something, and even then, it’s probably going to be a yes.”
“Thank you, Pepper,” Stane nodded at the woman, following his nephew out to the stage.
“You’re going to have more, we’re going to make sure you’re safe. I’m going to get that doctor up here soon, I already found a place in town for her to stay,” Tony said, petting Bucky’s hair, not wanting to mention his own fears lest they make Bucky more afraid. “She’s already talked to the medical centre in town, it’ll be okay for us to bring you there to have the baby. We just…kind of need to say you’re a girl for obvious reasons.”
Tony had been having a blissful dream about taking Steve and Bucky on a trip to Japan to his favourite food district in Osaka, an area called Dontonbori. They were walking up and down the streets, sampling all the amazing food from fried cheese balls to ice cream in buns to fried pork on a stick, chasing it all down with a cold beer. They were having so much fun in his dream that he didn’t notice Bucky disappear from their group, and Steve was too drunk to help him. Dragging his one husband, Tony ran up and down the street, looking in every shop and alley, getting more frightened by the moment. Screaming Bucky’s name at the top of his lungs, Tony was in a full panic as something startled him out of his sleep.
Tony admits everything to Steve and Bucky, and Stane does some planning of his own.
“How the hell did you end up here, Tash?” Clint asked, holding his hands up in surrender as he sat down in a chair. “I mean, the last time I saw you, we stole two horses from the stables here. Now you’re in your nightgown protecting fiancés.”
They went in and Bucky randomly ordered from the card what seemed to have the most alcohol in it. They must have looked desperate enough that nobody asked them to show their IDs and Steve was glad at least that went well on this whole day.
Realizing you’re in love with the person you thought you hated after you spend weeks having sex with exactly this person was as troublesome and unnerving as it sounded.
Nobody talked to him on his first day. And nobody did on his second.
“Right. I forgot you made yourself a name by being a country pumpkin”, Sam laughed.
And that was how he ended up sleeping with Tony Stark. Again. And without signing any contract.
“Why? You were the one who insisted on the ‘no love involved’ thing”, Tony had raised an eyebrow now, but he didn’t look angry. Instead, he came closer, so close that Steve could feel the warmth radiating from him and bathed in the feeling. He found himself smiling a bit, unsure about what was happening next.
“Well…uhm”, there was nothing for Steve to say. He only blushed more, trying to ignore the images flipping through his head all at once. He didn’t know why it was so embarrassing, especially when he enjoyed it and he had proven a point against Tony. Goosebumps ran down his spine and Sam rolled his eyes again.
He would probably feel Steve for days after and he welcomed it, welcomed the roughness, the way their mouths and tongues collided. His hands were still pinned against the wall, his arching body caught between solid stone and Steve’s body towering over him. It was just right and not enough. His own erection was so hard it hurt, his body desperately craving for release, his lips as red and swollen as Steve’s.
Steve sighed: “I’ll just text Bucky. Maybe he forgot me after all.”
“There are Iron Man shorts?”, Tony asked surprised and way too cheerful. Steve soughed passionately. This would be a very long day.
“There we are!”, Bucky turned the key and the car’s motor shut down.
“You probably are right”, was the next thing she said and again Steve was caught off guard. He had expected another rant, another accusation.
It felt like a physical blow delivered to some of his more sensible parts. Pepper looked smug with herself when studying his reaction and he only wondered what she wanted.
The moment all his thoughts went crazy and he didn’t care what was coming next, was interrupted by a sharp female voice: “Oh come on Tony. Do you really need to pick up a fight with somebody who is nearly twice as muscular as you just to prove that you’re cool?”
“Bucky forced me to go. I had no choice in that”, he tried to explain even thought there was nothing really to explain. His parents watched him struggle for a few moments, leaving him at unease, before his mother started her – one couldn’t call it something else – speech. Steve almost knew it by word. It didn’t spare him thought.
I'm so sorry it took me so long to update this, but I've been really busy. After my finals, my class has to make a finals movie, and I worte large parts of the script and I'm more or less the director, so I was super busy telling People how they should die (it's a James Bond parody, so all our teachers are the villians).
Even if there was no relationship between them, Tony never showed any sign of affection towards him. Steve felt his shoulders drop a bit and sensed how the smile on his face lost its naturalness and was more a forced grin than anything else. He inwardly sighed even though he tried to remain normal from the outside.
He caught Steve’s movement in midair and forced the glass filled with a weird looking yellow-whitish liquid right to his lips. Steve had no chance and most likely no other choice. He emptied the whole glass with two gulps. It was not exactly tasting bad, but sharp and strong like somebody mixed vodka and wine together and colored it with food coloring.
There was something flickering in Tony’s eyes but it was gone and replaced by a scowl before Steve could get a closer look: “If you don’t feel like doing this anymore feel free to tell me and stop wasting my time.”
“Any idea what all those stuff is?”, his best friend asked, his voice full of curiosity.
Tony came to life again, his body eased into Steve’s grip and Tony leaned in closer: “Maybe I did”, he whispered.
He made a step back, crossing his arms while he taped with his foot on the floor, waiting. Tony seemed to have no intention of undressing.
Tony only grinned. Steve could see his teeth in the dark: “Not at all”
I’m not quite happy with this chapter but I hope you enjoy reading it anyways! There is lots of drama and misunderstanding in there…
“That would only be half as fun”, Tony interrupted him, his cocky grin still present, “and I thought”, his voice became low and seductive again, “you want to have fun, little pumpkin?”
Sam laughed: “I’ll gladly take that fault” Steve rolled his eyes: „What I’m even supposed to say?”
“I really can’t believe you have more of a sex life than I have”, Bucky sat next to him nipping on a coke and looked at him mildly distressed, “I never thought that weird deal would work out”
“Are you trying to make me even madder?”
It took Steve a few painful seconds and Bucky’s wiggling eyebrows to realize that Tony was talking about the cocktails. Each one of them seemed to have a more than suggestive name. Tony came even closer, his whole body seemed to be radiating from heat and when Steve was right, he could also smell alcohol.
“He’s not my friend”, Steve said automatically before he really realized he had opened his mouth. That may have been a bit thoughtless, especially when he saw his father’s eyebrows rising further.
They arrived at their destination when he was just about to say something, enjoying being a tease himself for one time. Because for God’s sake, if he couldn’t have the man, why shouldn’t his friends.
Tony looked at him, a smirk settling on his lips: “I’m sorry darling, but you are a country pumpkin.” Steve only glared at him. Murderously.
"Have you actually waylaid me?", Steve only glared at the other, his stare probably murderous. He was not scared of Tony anymore and when he saw him alone it was even more obvious that Steve was almost a head taller than the other and indeed twice as muscular. He stood a bit taller, arms akimbo. And he had Tony’s offer well in mind: „Don’t tell me you’re that much of a pervert”
"So they’ve been dating all the time?", he asked and tried to sound casual while every vocal burnt on his tongue and tasted like ashes.
Instead, he returned to driving Tony crazy. He collected his breath and swallowed another time, happily hearing another series of moans and even some sort of plea as a reaction. He settled on taking his time, swirling his tongue around, making the other wait. He felt how Tony was on the edge, how his fingers clenched in his hair, wanting to take control and yet not daring it. Still, it was only a matter of time before the other snapped. Steve looked forward to it.
Bucky only shot him a wide grin: “That’s the fun thing Steve. God, you really need to learn something about modern life.” He bopped Steve before he pulled him straightly forward to the guy serving the drinks. Honestly, Tony Stark was the only person who had staff serving drinks at school parties. That was so extravagant and unnecessary the blonde had to clench his teeth. If he was ever offered a chance to pay Bucky back for this, he would gladly take it. But first, he would have to get drunk. He sighed and Bucky gave him that annoyed, funny face he always made when Steve snarled and sighed loudly.
And then they started walking to the three people sitting around the table, all of them smirking widely, and in case of Natasha, even a bit meanly.
The movements within him got slower but only more tormenting, torturing him with their slowness until he was reduced to whimpering, wanting all the friction back he had got earlier. Tony’s lips were stretched into a smile again, his eyes were sparkling with lust and want and possession. He bent down to kiss Steve again, this time is was solely to make a point, to enjoy the flinching body beneath him that was so desperate for touch. Steve knew Tony would easily stretch this until he couldn’t remember which name he was screaming anymore so he decided to get things down. He shifted a bit, his eyes closing in bliss when that got Tony’s finger to brush over his prostate, and let his hands settle between Tony’s tights, stroking the other. He was going slow too, matching the teasing movement Tony had settled for. He heard the other moan and saw how his body desperately reacted to the stimulation. Tony had a very good self-control, but Steve knew there always were limits. And he had reached them.
"Come on, little pumpkin boy", Tony whispered in his ear, his voice rough and seductive, "I know you want to fuck me"
A smirk crept on the other’s face: “I can wait until you come crawling back to me.”
“God”, Steve muttered, his face based on his hand, “I hate being part of the school gossip.”
"Me too. But Natasha and Clint are sneaky players", the brown-haired man slurred and his arm wandered around Steve's waist.
But then, on the other hand, he wasn’t who he’d liked himself to be and he certainly couldn’t be the stand-on-high moralizer in this city. Maybe he needed to change a bit, or admit to whatever character trait had been hidden within him. Maybe he had to explore new things, find out more about himself. He could simply say ‘yes’ and see how everything developed.
He brought out in laughter again.
Thought nothing compared to his irritation. He couldn’t stand the other and he was pretty sure Tony disliked him too. So from all the people here on this party, why on earth was Tony offering him a drink in the most suggestive way he had ever seen?
With three fast steps he was next to Tony again. He could see the other’s flushed cheeks and could sense his racing pulse. It seemed to blend and mix with the hammering bass of the music and his own bumping heart. It was an atmosphere that did not require reason or thoughtfulness, it simply drove people crazy, made them do things they would never do otherwise. Steve felt his own body close to Tony, saw Tony not paying attention to him, recognized how his arm settled back on Tony’s hips where it seemed to belong. Their lips were crushing together before Steve could even realize what happened or what he had done. Because it had been him kissing the brown-haired millionaire, not the other way around. He could sense the other’s surprise and his own as well. He had no time to recollect himself. Tony pressed his body against Steve’s, their kiss deepened and Steve felt himself pulling Tony closer, intensifying every touch and every movement between them. There was greed again and the need to fight with the other. Their kiss was a mess of tongue and teeth, of power and control, of craving and hate. They were moving, partly to the bass that vibrated in their bodies and partly in the direction Tony wanted them to go. Steve lost track of their direction, of the time passing. There was Tony and his smell, his heat, his body. His hands on the hem of a shirt, his bruising grip on the other’s hip. Tony’s wicked lips on his, always daring and teasing. It could have been seconds or years that had passed before Steve felt them stumbling into another room.
Steve shrieked. He already felt the urge to punch this guy again. Hard. In his face. Probably also pinning him against that wall. Leaving some bruises. Biting that lips, touching that skin, making-
But most of all, more than the loneliness or the arrogant students, the pollution or the noise, he hated Tony Stark. He had detested him when he hadn’t even talked to him. It had been enough seeing him standing there, in the middle of all his friends and admirers, surrounded by his fans, all self-confident and flamboyant, embodying all the things Steve hated about his new life.
“Aren’t I a great partner?”, Tony replied and Steve snarled and pulled him in for a kiss.
Which probably involved drinking if he knew Bucky well enough.
They were leaning against one of the kitchen counters covered in white foam and Tony perfectly fit in his arms. It could have been somewhat romantic but his stomach reminded him of the fact that Tony had accidentally ruined their Sunday morning breakfast.
“You will”, the bragging, self-confident, arrogant playboy was back, “and I’m waiting for it. One shouldn’t give a good fuck away.”
“Your choice”, he mumbled and made himself more comfortable. He didn’t plan to fall asleep but his bones were still sore and he could already feel the muscle ache he was going to have the next day.
Steve nodded in approval and was surprised how warm and happy he felt as soon as Tony was back next to him.
“Consider yourself lucky", he whispered low and dark, sending shivers down Steve’s spine, "if you behave you might get to fuck me later", his lips spread into a wicked grin and the blonde could feel the heat coming from the other. Even thought he was driven crazy he tried to stay stoic, only looking at Tony, not saying anything.
“Fine?”, Pepper echoed, straightening up again, “we have known each other since childhood and I can ensure you he is not fine”
Once, something new and unusual happened just when Steve had settled on the fact that there was nothing between them, certainly not love.
“We’re already had the music credits”, Tony remarked and his voice was nothing more than a dare.
"Seems like we understand each other. That’s exactly the way I like it”, Tony’s face was spread into the most sinful and most threatening grin he had ever seen.
And the last time fun did not involve something sexual or Tony Stark.
Tony only raised an eyebrow, his face perfectly calm and arrogant: “At least I have the money.”, he said, grinning widely, “and the friends” Tony looked around, showing off all the empty space where Steve’s friends could have been. If he had some. “Looks like you’re such a bore people don’t talk to you”
As I got the results of my final exams yesterday, I have plenty of time now to publish the rest on a weekly basis.
"Oh, I see", fingertips wandered like ghosts over his breast, deeper, drawling little circles, admiring the muscles they could feel, "you have dignity/self-respect" a little, provocative laugh escaped Tony. When he moved back again, Steve let the breath go he had held without recognizing it. He so much hoped for this to be over. No way he was going to do anything with Tony Stark. He was appealing, sexy, seductive, but there was no way he was going to be turned on by the guy who bullied him all his days in school.
“Hungry?”, Tony asked and his lips once again connected with Steve’s, this time only for brief seconds. “What about that: I invite you to breakfast while I get someone to clean up this mess?”, he offered.
“You enjoy it, don’t you?”
“I kind of like to do sports, but I had no chance recently. I was too late for the sports sign up”, the blonde shrugged his shoulders, “and besides that… I guess I watch way too much TV since I’m new here.”
“I don’t think that I’m-”, he started, but the brown-haired man caught him short, his face spread into a sinful smile: “You managed to find this party, country pumpkin, you’ll also manage to have a Quicky.”
Here's the next chapter and again, I'm not late with publishing it thought I feel like I rewrote it multiple times... And this chapter is longer than than the last one  ;-)
“You’re warm”, he mumbled and curled somewhat even closer to him. Steve felt awkward for a moment and had no idea what to do because this was domestic and intimate and not how it used to be. Then his body just acted without asking his mind for approval and he put an arm around Tony, holding him close. Tony had been right because it was warm and comfortable and when he closed his eyes, he was able to forget the awkwardness easily.
They were interrupted by Bucky’s voice, a bit muffled through the closed door.
“Not when you’re playing with Clint and Natasha. They made me do this after all”, Tony giggled and his eyes wandered to Steve’s face that was frozen in shock. He had no interest in playing this game. And no interest in Tony looking at him with bedroom eyes.
“So why don’t we start with me making you pay for last night?”
Steve felt himself reminded of why exactly he hated Tony Stark. “Because I’m from the countryside?”, Steve hissed angrily, pulling the blanket between them demonstratively.
Tony knew just the right mixture between pleasure and pain. His mouth travelling down Steve’s body, making him moan in pleasure and hiss in pain, always went where it would drive him crazy. Fingers slid alongside his thighs until he was nothing more than a mess begging for more. Tony indeed was a force of nature and he couldn’t wait to see what else Tony could do with that wicked hands. There was still a smirk on Tony’s lips, his dark grin that widened every time Steve’s hands desperately dug into the sheets – or into Tony’s body. His erection was so hard it almost hurt – screw that – it did hurt and Tony was ignoring it knowing that he left Steve in no place to demand something or to do anything other than beg. And he did.
“What about we continue to play?”, Clint offered and leant forward in his seat, “I’ve some absolutely unique ideas in my mind. And I don’t want another fight between those two.”
However, writing a bit of Stony is definitvley Relaxing.
He took in Tony’s scent, took in every inch of his body, of the way his muscles curled when Steve’s hands moved over his sensitive spot. Steve ripped a low, primal sound form Steve’s lips when his hand wandered beneath the hem of his trousers. Fierce, amused eyes met his and only seconds later Tony’s mouth comfortable settled on the brink of his neck, sucking and biting the skin. The hickeys would be left there for anybody to see and Steve oddly enjoyed the idea, the feeling of being marked. He continued to let his hands roam, drawing lazy circles on Tony’s lower belly so he could see how Tony’s breath hitched and moans escaped his mouth. There were still fingers in his hair that now travelled down his back, leaving hot hand prints on his skin and even more marks. Still, the friction wasn’t enough, their bodies separated by too much clothes, by too much everything. He pulled the other closer and Tony grinned at him, his voice low and promising.
“What makes you think that I’ll crawl back anywhere?”, Steve hissed, his voice louder than before. Tony made him angry.
Steve only glared at him: “I thought you’d be glad to be able to walk after all”
His smile turned cunning, the fingers exploring his bodies got bolder, sliding under the hem of his shirt, drawing lines on his naked, shivering skin. Tony knew so very well what he did.
I hope you enjoy (there's some making out after all ;-) )
Steve spend nights and days thinking about how the heck that had happened and what he was supposed to do now. He thought about telling Sam and Bucky but then decided not to because he already had enough problems. Sam and Bucky would spend the rest of their lives telling him they’d known and in the remaining time they would try to convince him to tell Tony.
Tony had already thrown up twice that afternoon, and he was going for a third if his stomach didn’t hurry up and calm down. He’d tried having a few drinks, but that had only made the few handfuls of nuts he’d managed to choke down come up even faster. He’d even tried going to his workshop to try to cool down and concentrate on something else, but when he struck an iron ring and it split into three, he knew he couldn’t be there now either. Pacing through the castle avoiding his uncle and Pepper did little to calm his nerves either, each minute passed like a century. It was like five o’clock would never come.
“I got it,” it was Tony’s turn to undo Steve’s clothing next, then tending to his own. “You two want to do our gift exchange right away? I’m kind of excited, sorry.”
“That. And for you to tell me I’m yours,” Bucky purred, parting his legs further and willing himself to relax as Steve’s index finger gently probed inside him before slipping all the way in. Letting out a gasp, Bucky squeezed down around his finger, biting his own lip. “That feels a lot better when someone else does it.”
“…I never said that,” Bucky said softly, closing his eyes as he felt the car slow down as they entered town. “Just…give me time.”
“Exactly, I didn’t do anything,” Tony finished her sentence for her, scoffing at his own ignorance. “There’s probably a million things I’ve done wrong that you could list off from that notebook. I’m a failure, and…and I’m alone,” Tony flopped back in the throne, closing his eyes as he heard his father’s voice in his head telling him what a disappointment he was.
Where Bucky’s arm had been was a relatively clean, but thick scar over the bone of his clavicle. The entire arm itself was gone, every inch of the bone having been torn clean from Bucky’s body. It wasn’t nearly as gory and twisted looking to the others as it was to Bucky, but he was the one who’d had to live with what was done to him. The only person in the world who’d seen what that wizard did to him was Natasha, though he wasn’t hoping to sleep with her. He hoped desperately that this hadn’t soured him for the others.
“You’re going to get it…you’re going to get it, Buck…” Steve’s voice was getting louder and more desperate, the sound of skin slapping filling the air alone with his cries. The bed was creaking louder and louder between the three of them, the sheets torn from the bed as Bucky clawed at the mattress. Steve didn’t know how much he could take, he hadn’t done this in years, and this was so much more intense than he was used to.
“Precisely,” Tony chuckled dryly, leaning his head against Steve’s. “Please don’t ever think I don’t want you two here, and with two kids on the way…fuck, I’m glad there’s three of us, that’s going to make things easier. We’re going to have two kids, Steve…”
“Cheers,” Steve repeated, bringing his hand back to take a sip of the amber liquid, the burn hitting him quickly, leaving notes of salted caramel in his mouth. He didn’t think he could go back to drinking the watery ale at the pub after a few more glasses of this.
“I think I’ll go with black too,” Natasha grinned, picturing the two of them decked out and looking dramatic. “I’d like to compliment my friend.”
“I believe you had no idea this was going on, but, did anything seem weird fourteen years ago?” Steve asked, hoping to get some more answers, looking for any kind of logic to what happened.
“That doesn’t fill me with confidence,” Bucky said softly, turning his head when Steve came rushing into the room, out of breath. “Good, you’re here. Sorry Clint, not that I don’t believe you, but I love him and I needed to know he was alright.”
“So let me get this straight, he’s so okay he needs a handler??” Tony said loudly, demanding clarification and the truth from his father.
“I disagree, I’m very interested,” Steve smiled as he sat up more in his chair, his eyes locked on Bucky as he waited to hear this song. “You’ve got a beautiful voice, I’m sure we’re going to love this.”
“I can’t do this…” Bucky wept, shaking like a leaf, feeling like he was going to be sick to his stomach. “Steve, help me, I can’t do this…”
“Stay still!” Ronin ordered, jumping onto the bed to grab a hold of Bucky, already panicking in his head. This was supposed to be quiet and covert, not involve screaming and fighting. But as Bucky brought a foot up to kick Ronin square in the chest, he knew this wasn’t going to go to plan.
Steve couldn’t believe what he was hearing. This job sounded amazing, but he was still looking for the catch.
“Bucky’s going to be fine. He lost a lot of blood, but they put it back in him and closed the wound. They said it should heal and he’ll be okay, he’ll just need to wear a sling for a bit,” Steve said as he rubbed his eyes, yawning for what felt like the fiftieth time. “The babies…they’ve slowed down, they have to monitor them for a bit.”
“Steve, Bucky, come with me,” Fury said as he held out a hand towards them. “Tony said if I said the words ‘the owl has come for my meat pie’ to you that you’d come along without trouble.”
“You can talk to them casually later, but they need to be introduced to court, and seeing as how you’re the King, you HAVE to be there!” Pepper insisted, though she was starting to calm down a little. “Sire, please just go.”
“How do I bring it up with them though? Bucky hates Steve, am I damning him to sleep in the same bed or room or…I mean, three people can fit in a bed, but I don’t think Bucky would like it,” Tony shook his head, letting out a long breath as he brought his hands back up to his hair.
“And what if he won’t change things? What if I’m just married to someone I hate forever?” Bucky asked next, looking genuinely sick at the thought of being touched by the King. He may be good looking, but he was rich and upper class, two things he abhorred.
“Or it’s a test,” Bucky mumbled, his arms crossed as he looked out the window. He’d sat still whilst they braided the sides of his hair, but he didn’t like being stuffed in the fancy outfit they’d made him. It looked more militaristic than Steve’s, which was kind of funny, but he did appreciate the way it made him look. His competition looked like any other rich man, he got to stand out.
“No offense taken,” Clint said, raising his hands.
“The cats never seem happy about it,” chuckled Steve, recalling Mrs. Nelson’s tabby latching onto his face as he went down the ladder. “I think things will get busier with everything going on. There’s supposed to be a big celebration when they announce the winning family. I’m sure I’ll be needed for crowd control.”
“No, don’t go,” Bucky said, sitting up again, wide eyed and nervous, looking back at Steve to ask him silent permission.
Steve begins his new job and hopes to start off on the right foot.
“Obviously he either lives here or he knows someone that does,” Natasha crossed her arms, wishing Clint had an actual name or more information for them to pursue. She already had every intention of hunting these Ten Rings people down, she just wanted to start immediately.
“No, my jeans don’t fit any more,” Bucky said, patting his small stomach as he gave Steve a tight smile. “I’m going to be dressing like I’m working out from here on out, I guess.”
“Wow…” Bucky said, looking at the picture of the kid wearing a harness with a leash attached. “…how old is that kid?”
“I mean, I don’t think I’d frighten people,” Steve stammered, wondering if that was a cue for him to talk or not. “I wouldn’t want to make anyone feel bad in any way. As a soldier, I always just try to stop violence, not make more. Most of my job was bringing people home so they wouldn’t get in more trouble.”
“No, he’s not wrecking this place for us,” Tony said sternly, getting to his feet immediately, looking both angry and determined. “This is Bucky’s home, we are not taking him from again. The hospital was bad enough.”
“It might be safer to…” Steve laughed weakly, keeping his voice down as he picked up his coffee and took a long drink of it. “Sam, I don’t want you to get hurt, and the people involved in this can really make that happen.”
“You are going to FUCKING HELP! And if he dies, so will you!” Tony shouted as he got to his feet, not wavering for a moment over Howard’s body as he pointed the gun straight at the doctor. “I just killed my father, you really don’t want to try me…”
“You-?”
“I have never wanted anything more than to be here right now…” Bucky whimpered, wrapping his arms back around Tony’s neck, burying his face in the older man’s shoulder. “I wish I pictured this when I thought about you, I wish I knew you’d hold me and kiss me. I think it would have made the time pass faster knowing what was coming.”
Reaching for Bucky, Natasha positioned him at her side and took his arm as Sarah did the same with Steve, staring forward as the doors opened before them. On the other side was what looked like a years worth of food, piled high on various matching table, and dancers performing in the middle of the three tables running along the walls. It smelled wonderful, the scent of spiced and roast meat permeating the air around them, making their mouths water. The King was already seated, as were lots of other men and women who were talking softly between themselves, but it was evident that everyone was waiting for them.
“Just tell us which one you want,” Taking the tablet in her hand, Ms. Carr made a few changes to reflect the raise and motorcycle before turning it back towards Steve with a smile on her face. Though it looked happy enough, Ms. Carr felt more like a spider who had just trapped a fly.
Bucky still looked a little worried, though he relaxed a bit, his eyes flickering everywhere but directly at Steve.
“No, he didn’t,” Steve moved down in the bed a bit, lying on his side next to Bucky. “But I don’t think many people would recognize that, I think a lot of people would have found him easy to blame.”
“Baby?? Holy shit, come on,” Steve was glad Bucky was light, it made it easy to scoop the younger man into his arms and rush him up the stairs. Knocking some clutter out of the way, Steve carefully set Bucky down on the desk, rubbing his back. “It’s okay, Bucky, it’s okay, I promise you…”
“And then you forgot about me,” Bucky said, pursing his lips and looking down at the ground.
“…they’re hearts,” Bucky said, the only one other than the doctor to know exactly what was going on. “Two hearts. There’s two hearts.”
“Today, right now, is the only time I can guarantee I’m alive,” Bucky said sincerely and with determination. “So right now is when we need to be married, because…please, I want to be married to you both. I need this so I’ll feel better if I do die.”
Steve didn’t wait for Bucky to stop talking, he rushed forward and pulled Bucky into a deep, passionate kiss. Letting it linger for a moment, he finally let it break before punctuating it with another quick peck. Wrapping his arms around Bucky tightly, Steve just held him close, feeling tears pricking his eyes from the fright they were put through.
“You’ll see him soon enough. We’re going to need to get you there in secret after we torch this place,” Fury ushered them towards the door where one of his men stood with two robes. “As far as anyone will be able to tell, it’s us escorting two clergy members to the castle. And considering there’s a funeral there tomorrow and streets are dangerous right now, no one will think twice about that.”
“No, nothing at all,” Steve said, genuinely pleased to be where he was right now between the King and Bucky, hoping he could win them both over. It might take time, and patience, but he was determined.
“Sounds good to me. Buck, let’s roll you over,” Steve pulled his fingers free from Bucky, much to both of their dismay, and gave Bucky’s hip a slap. Watching him intently as he rolled over, Steve bent down to bite his left ass cheek before pressing a kiss against it. “Gods, I love looking at your ass like this, you’re wide open and ready for me.”
“My father…I don’t know, he died a long time ago. Before he put Bucky in a cell,” Tony sighed, letting go of Steve to go take Bucky’s hand. “How is he? What’s going on?”
Bucky’s mouth opened for a moment, not wiping the tears flowing down his face. Looking at both of his husbands, and finally the doctor, he slowly got to his feet, shaking all over as the tears flowed faster. “…okay…” he whispered, nodding slowly. “Okay I’m ready…”
“They’re good, now concentrate on you, you can worry about me afterwards,” Bucky grinned, pushing back into Steve so they were as close as they could be for the moment. “You’re going to love this.”
“Not yet. He’s not talking, I can’t find records, Ms. Carr and everyone you mentioned have disappeared,” Tony shook his head, lacing his fingers together to hold his knee, wishing he had something he could fiddle with. He needed to burn off his nervous energy, and he couldn’t think of a single healthy way to do that right now. “Dad was really thorough, he knew this could happen, and he covered his bases. The only real proof is Bucky himself, and you, so you’re going to be more involved in the investigation than I wanted you to be.”
“…what?” Stane almost dropped the empty glass in his hand, his eyes impossibly wide as he realized his mouth was hanging open. Composing himself, he coughed against his hand, taking a moment to wrap his head around what he’d just heard.
“Okay, I have peppermint tea and crackers, what else do I need?” Steve asked, looking a little panicked as he sat down on Bucky’s other side.
“That’s not bad,” Tony said, not thinking any more about it as he shrugged a little and took a drink of his whiskey. “If you want some time after our drink to rest, please don’t stay up on my account. We can talk later at supper, and afterwards.”
“Show and tell, you bring something to school you like, and you get to show it off to everyone. It can either be really cool, or you can stand up in front of the entire class with their judging eyes and wish you were dead,” Steve said, forcing a laugh, though he knew it wasn’t going to fool anyone. Looking up log cabins on his phone, he opened the images tab and handed it to Bucky.
“Steve!!” Bucky gasped, relieved as he took the older man’s hand and squeezed it tightly, pulling him closer. “I didn’t think you were going to make it, I didn’t know if I was going to see you again.”
“Steve,” Sam said, leaning forward after giving the room a quick scan to make sure no one was within hearing distance of them. There were a few people sitting over by the window, and a couple more near the bathroom, but they were pretty secluded where they were. “If you think you’re in danger, I want you to tell me.”
“I’m sure I can manage something,” Strange had to chuckle at that, he’d already been thinking about what he could do to thrill the crowd. This wasn’t his idea of a good way to spend his time, but if he was being dragged into it, he might as well have a good time.
“Y-yeah…I just…” Bucky looked up at Tony, licking his lips as his wide eyes searched the other man’s face for a moment. “…can I suck your dick while he fucks me?”
“Mom, I’m home!”
“What i-“ Bucky started, but he was quickly silenced by his shock. In Tony’s arms was a leather harness attached to a wooden left arm, one perfectly sized for him, polished and shining in the sunlight streaming through the window. “T-Tony..it-it’s…”
The trio get their first glimpse inside Bucky's stomach and Bucky makes a decision.
“I don’t…oh god, Steve, it’s not stopping…” Bucky whimpered, his back feeling like someone had buried an axe in it, not sure if he wanted something to support it, or if he wanted Steve to keep carrying him the way he was. “Oh god, help me, please…”
“Most likely because you love me so much,” Tony said as he handed it over to Bucky with a smile. “See you can’t say I don’t spoil you with my billions, that bucket is thick plastic and is resistant to breaking. That’s what it said online, anyway, I think it had four stars.”
If his life could be good for something, he was convinced that helping Bucky was the best thing he could possibly do.
“Am I the only one to come down here and spend time with him now though? I haven’t seen anyone else around here, why is he alone now?” Steve’s heart ached for Bucky, just wanting to go in the room and give him a hug. This wasn’t the way for anyone to live.
“No, I don’t want to be, I keep telling you that,” Tony sat upright, his arms crossed over his chest as he shook his head. He hated the title, the job, the uncomfortable gold crown, and pretty much every other part of it. He liked when he got to throw parties, especially when some cute dignitaries from other kingdoms came, but those times were few and far between. “I would like to just be left alone to do what I want to do.”
“I’m not insulted that you thought I could be a monster having gone through this with my father. I would have assumed I was an asshole too, so don’t feel bad about that,” Tony said, letting out the deep breath he’d been holding in, though he wasn’t entirely satisfied yet. “I know you told the police that you don’t know if he did anything to your brain, what makes you say you don’t know instead of no?”
“I...see…” Stane managed to force a smile, but inside he was screaming in frustration. He was going to kill Clint Barton if he ever crossed his path again, that bastard accepted a full payment from him. “Wait, you said they’re hiding in James’s old house? Are you sure they’re safe there?”
“Do you know how hard it is to care about marrying someone else other than them?” Tony asked him, his voice wavering with false emotion. “I told Pepper I’d just marry her if I had to. I mean, I love her, but…not like Steve and Bucky.”
“We have a bet on what I’m having,” Bucky added to the conversation, glad that he wasn’t nervous talking to her now, it was going to make her visits a lot easier.
“Bucky, I will be blunt, most people aren’t that great at first. It can be awkward, things can end fast, you might not know what your lovers are into, but there is good news,” Tony said as they walked down the hall, unable to keep from peeking at Bucky every few steps. “There’s always a lot of importance given to the first time, I get that, and it is exciting, but you will get better pretty much every time you do it. So while there’s all this pressure about losing your virginity and starting this relationship with two people, not just one, I promise you that we will get so much better together. We have all the time in the world to learn each others bodies.”
“You know very well we were,” Tony’s uncle, Obadiah Stane, said with annoyance in his voice as he walked down the stairs to get a better look at whatever his nephew was up to. “What is that?”
“Hang on…” Bucky was pretty sure he was caught, pulling the blanket off his head, looking up at Steve with his hair stuck in all directions. “I don’t want…I don’t want to talk.”
“You making the decision is what I honestly want. I want you to be happy, whether that means with or without a kid,” Steve said, hoping that Bucky believed him, and that Tony would say the same thing. He didn’t know about Tony, but he’d wanted children himself, though he wasn’t going to have them at the expense of Bucky’s physical or mental health.
And again I failed to update in a reasonable amount of time. As always, I am really sorry. Law School keeps being busy and I recently wrote the first part of this year's exams. Luckily, stress makes me more productive than free time and it got me to write the next chapter.
“You do like challenges”, he said in a low voice, almost to himself.
“Well”, Steve had to think for a moment. Since they moved to the city there was a surprising lack of activity in his free time. He had been used to nature, to work with his own hands on the house or to playing football or basketball with his friends. All things he couldn’t do here. Or at least preferred not to do here.
“Is amazing the word you are looking for?”, he asked, still tasting the bitterness of Tony’s cum on his lips and Tony managed to collect himself before he once again went for a wide grin: “Yes, that describes it pretty well”
I can already promise that Chapter 3 will be pretty long
His mother only grinned while his dad started to prepare breakfast. “I think your mother is really curious”, his dad mumbled behind his breath, “you better answer her questions.”
“Never. Especially after you told us about that incident in-“, Sam sounded dead-serious to spoil graphic details of his sex life in public.
He was really getting desperate and yet it took him some time to admit that he was not only in love with a guy he had despised at first but also horribly scared of telling said guy what he felt. His fear kept him from doing what probably was right.
"Love hurts", he simply stated and it probably was the truest thing Sam had ever heard.
He tried to relax, tried to stop any noises falling from his mouth but Tony was not going easy on him. He couldn’t even tell what the movie was about while he was trying to control his body, to stop it from shaking and to stop his hips from moving. And probably also to stop himself from beating Tony.
Steve felt his cheeks reddening once again. He already knew that the people here hated him and he for sure didn’t need Tony Stark to tell him that in front of the whole school. The blonde could feel his fist clenching, felt his whole body shaking in rage. There were no words to describe how angry he was. And how much he not cared if he beat up someone popular and rich.
“But on the other hand, you got to repay Tony for him acting like an ass all the time”, Sam teased, “if rumors are right of course.”
“This is a boy’s locker room”, he said dumbly, hoping she would just leave.
“Oh yes”, Steve snarled, “I’m going to prove that on the party of Tony Stark. Oh, wait! He’s the one who gave me that absolutely
“Yes, definitively yes”, Tony winked at him, his lips parting for a quick second. Steve really wanted to kiss him, biting those lips, tasting blood.
“But in a very unusual way I guess”, Sam smirked, his eyebrows raised.
But the other only laughed. “Kind of. But surprisingly I used to be quite popular too. Back at home. I simply don’t understand you city people. Makes no sense at all what you’re doing.”
Steve only glared at him. “And there certainly”, he paused to underline his words, “will be no sex until you get rid of whatever you like to call clothes”, Steve snarled, “and with getting rid of it I am talking about burning it. Or burying it somewhere. I never want to see it again”
He felt wetness on his cheeks and knew he was crying. The last time he had cried was the first day in their new flat, when he missed his old home. Know he missed Tony. Pain and sadness and anger kept flooding his mind. It felt like an eternity in which he only sat there and stared at his drink, thinking about Tony and their relationship, his feelings, their fight, about what Tony might feel.
“If you don’t get going I swear I’ll walk out of this room naked and look for somebody who has more spirit”, Tony threatened and connected their lips in a sloppy kiss. Steve responded to the kiss enthusiastically, biting in Tony’s lower lip until he could taste blood, not asking but demanding. He greedily swallowed up all the moans Tony offered him and when they broke their kiss, he felt his whole body pulsing with need and his mind, his reason, gone somewhere far away.
And the first time he actually talked to Tony didn’t make anything better. He only saw himself proved right.
“We need to talk”, Tony said matter of factly, getting up from his seat.
“I can picture that”, Steve admitted, a smirk forming on his lips.
Sometimes, when Steve let his mind roam free, he knew Sam was right. There was more to their relationship now than sex and fun, and certainly more than hate and disgust. Tony had become part of his life. He locked him away, separated him from everything else, but when he thought about it, truly considered it, he maybe appeared in the stories Tony told somebody else.
“Why? There’s not much we have in common?”, she looked annoyed now and angrily pushed some hair out of her eyesight that had fallen into her face, “I want to know what you did to Tony”
He rolled his hips, pressing his crotch against Steve’s hard-on, grinning wickedly. Steve knew that saying yes meant losing all his self-control. Completely and utterly. When Tony snapped his hips again, this time rubbing himself against Steve, all his thoughts went still and were replaced by the need to fuck Tony Stark.
Steve nodded in approval. He was too lazy to say something. Tony knew probably, because he only crossed the room, reached for the remote and settled back on the bed next to Steve.
More was what they said, what they needed to say because he’d made Tony finally speechless. He obeyed while stars from the lack of oxygen sprung in front of his eyes. Yet he swallowed again and earned another moan, long and throaty. He moaned to and it vibrated around Tony’s cock.
After a Long, Long time a new chapter!
First of all, he hated admitting mistakes, especially to people that were already arrogant enough, and secondly he awaited derision from Tony. Maybe, if he was lucky and lately he hadn’t been lucky at all, Tony would simply continue to ignore him. However, it was still hard - either way. And felt overall uncomfortable. Finally, he settled on being straight to the point.
“Please”, he heard himself mutter and wasn’t even sure if it was his own voice, “Oh god, please. More”
Steve tried not to look at him but it was too hard and when he did his face flushed in embarrassment. He was not ready to process that he had slept with Tony Stark - twice. It felt like everything had happened ages ago and now he was much more mature and couldn’t understand how he let himself go in such a way. There was some weird fight going on between them, one of dominance and control, thought he couldn’t explain to himself why. It was simply something that started when he had seen Tony the first time. The other seemed to have something that drove Steve crazy. And maybe also something that deactivated the brain of normal thinking persons. He considered what Natasha had said, that there was something like hate on first sight. Maybe it had been that. Nevertheless, it had been wrong. And idiotic. And so wrong.
“Really fits the cliché, don’t you think so?”, Tony Stark went on, positioning himself right next to Steve who shrugged away. For a moment he even considered beating the school’s only transformation of playboy, millionaire and genius.
“Yes, I tend to do that now and then”, Tony replied completely relaxed and with a grin playing on his lips.
As they were not a couple or anything close to that, they never had to talk in public or exchange any sort of affection. In fact, most of the time they just met after school at Tony’s place. Steve knew it by now as if it was his own house. He was familiar with the smell, with the abandoned rooms of Tony’s always working parents, with the way Tony’s bed felt beneath him. It was an odd feeling and it gave their meetings, even the sex, some sort of familiarity.
“You’ll drink more of it than I’ll”, Steve grinned at him and it was probably the first time he had somewhat close to fun this evening.
“Maybe”, Steve snarled, “but I never had the urge to kill somebody more than now.”
The red haired only laughed and Clint and Bucky looked at each other before they both started to grin like idiots.
And there went his self-control along with his ability to think.
Steve could feel and see that he was not fitting in. He wasn’t surprised at all. In fact, it was everything like he had expected it to be. When his parents told him the company they had been working for longer than his whole life would move to New York, he was doubtless about what awaited him. He had been raised in a little town, surrounded by miles of acres and nature. He knew all his neighbors by name and school had been about learning or friendship and not about status or trends.
“What did you tell them?” Clint asked, more than a little curious.
“Are you alone?” Bucky asked, looking at Natasha, then back at Clint. “If you’ll work with others, I need to know if that’s the case now.”
“I wasn’t doubting that, but if you need to get out of here, we can go stay somewhere in town and have the floor fixed,” Steve offered, desperate to get that spot off the floor too. “Or if you need to sell this place…”
“Which rules are those? Is he going into a room there like he’s in here? Will he be electrocuted if he tries to leave?” Steve asked, realizing as he spoke that he had to control himself before he escalated all of this and made it a lot worse. Watching the others leave with Bucky’s things, he wanted to knock the boxes out of their hands.
“Steve, is that your bike? That is a nice bike,” Sam said as he looked over at Steve’s new motorcycle with a whistle, clearly impressed. “You’re enjoying your raise, aren’t you? How much did this set you back?”
“Not long after we got here, I thought they might come in handy,” Tony said with a grin as he looked back to Bucky. “I know you’ve never been to a wedding, have you seen any in movies?”
“Bucky, may I?” Tony asked, getting to his feet to go over, waiting for Bucky to nod before running his fingers over the scar. “He really got it all, didn’t he?”
“This place is beyond…can you imagine what selling this artwork alone would do for the peasants?” Natasha asked between bites of meat, looking around the room to see what they could steal if Bucky lost. She definitely didn’t plan on leaving empty handed.
“You did not cost me my father, I promise you, and I’m not going to feel differently,” Tony said softly, looking into Bucky’s eyes as he stroked his thumb along his cheekbone. “As for the kids, we can lie or something.  And when they get to be teenagers, then we can tell them the truth about him, unless that steps on the toes of what you want to tell them about yourself.”
“Do you want to?” Bucky asked, timidly placing his hand on Tony’s chest, slowly running down over his stomach muscles as he held his breath.
“…I have made a huge mistake…” Tony said, shaking his head and looking down at his hands in his lap. “I sat back and I let other people be King for me, and now…why didn’t you tell me?”
“So you think he’s just going to be fine with a big ugly scar and the complete lack of a limb? When he can have ANYONE?” Bucky pursed his lips, looking down at his feet as his anger simmered inside him. “No one’s going to want me, especially a king. We might as well just go home and listen to Namor tell us what a stupid plan it was in the first place.”
“And so you shall,” Tony slipped a shirt over his head, tying the top loosely before slipping some pants on. “I’ll go have a guard get us some treats, you two just make yourselves comfortable.”
Steve and Bucky are introduced to the court, and spend some time with Tony.
Strange paused, looking thoughtful for a second before he moved the door so it wasn’t pinning Tony’s foot so painfully.
“Sure, why not?” Natasha beamed, determined to stay positive about this, even if it drove Bucky insane. “We’ve done big jobs before, this one’s just a little more complicated. We won’t let you down.”
“I’ve solved our problem!” Howard said with a little laugh, trying to play it off as nothing. “You get your man, I get my grandchildren, it’s a win-win situation.
“Tony, Steve,” Howard said politely as if he was just there for a cup of tea instead of keeping one of their husbands hostage.
“Just shut up about it!” Stane hissed quietly, looking over his shoulder at the guarded door, wondering if he could excuse himself by faking a headache. He couldn’t stand to hear much more of this.
“How about black?” Bucky asked, an idea springing into his head as he tried to keep the smile on his face from looking too devious. “The royal colours are red and gold…could I have red and gold accents on black clothes?”
“I wish I could tell you that you have months, but I kind of left this whole marriage business a little late. That’s on me,” Tony said with a tired sigh. “I don’t want to do this at all, but I’d rather do it with someone I have a chance of liking. Uncle Obadiah wants me to marry Von Doom from Latveria.”
“When do you think we’ll have another goat to slaughter? People are getting hungry around here, and they’re not pretty when they have empty bellies,” Natasha said as she got two pieces of bread for Bucky on a plate, looking around for anything else before giving up to go deliver it. “Sorry, I know you love those goats.”
“I know what it’s like to feel like people don’t care,” Bucky said softly, not caring about personas and winning that way any more. He wanted to win because Tony liked him, he hadn’t realized how much that meant to him before this moment. “After my family died, all I really have now is Natasha. She’s my best friend in the world, and she’s the only person who really cares what happens to me. She’s the one that bought the ticket, actually, so you can thank her for me being here.”
“With a full heart and a clear head, I do, good sir,” Steve felt a bit light headed, but he was pretty sure he kept forgetting to breathe. He supposed he was going to have to get used to standing in front of a room full of people.
“Noted.”
“You can do this, Bucky, you know Dr. Marner now, and I’ve met Dr. Graham, you’ll like her too. And we’re not going to leave your side for a second, at least one of us will be with you all the time,” Tony said, figuring that was a promise that they’d be able to keep. He could see the town now, they were almost there, and the reality of everything was growing by the second. “You never have to do this again if you don’t want to.”
“More like a-“ Stane stopped himself before he could brush off Tony’s plans as a waste of time and energy. He may be his nephew, but he was still the King.  “I think that’s…that should work.”
“See you tomorrow, Bucky…” Steve said softly, not expecting to hear anything more from Bucky as Ms. Carr began to close the door.
“What the-“ Stane’s mouth opened, but no words came out as he struggled to express himself. “What are you talking about?”
“It’s better than not using the powers at all,” Tony reasoned, ignoring his uncle’s sarcasm. “Call it practice.”
“I can’t wait,” Tony said as he thought of what he next few days were going to be like between pretending to mourn and whatever else Pepper made him do. Not to mention his uncle giving him advice.
“I think that’s perfect…” Bucky said, climbing onto the bed on his knees, turning around and reaching for Steve. “Please, Steve?”
“Yeah, it won’t be hard to find anyone here,” Tony said as he kicked off his shoes and removed his jacket, draping it over a chair before he got in bed beside Bucky, pulling him into a hug, and kissing his forehead. “You okay with being cuddled for a bit?”
Tony opened his mouth, not sure whether he was going to argue or relent, when he heard the basement door close. Putting down his empty glass down, he followed Steve out of the kitchen and into the main room. Immediately, he saw Bucky, wet haired and in his pyjamas, on his hands and knees between the back of the couch and the dining room table, grunting as he stabbed at the floor with a keyhole saw.
“I’m as curious as everybody else. C’mon, I need that gossip!”, he lowered himself down, brining himself face to face with the blonde. “Just act like we’re discussing this insanely boring book.” He gave Steve an encouraging smile.
That he, in an unusual way, was the only one who managed to have a stable long-term relationship with the school’s playboy. Maybe he had put some proud in it, maybe he had been happy or flattered, but really being in love with Tony…
Steve tried hard not to agree with Tony, but he had to admit that Tony was – at least for the way he preferred sex – not completely wrong. However, he felt not like admitting it. Not to Tony.
“That’s the plan”
He felt that weird tickle on his neck one got from being watched just when he wanted to trail back into his thoughts.
Steve blinked a couple of seconds and then stared at Tony’s face for about a minute to be sure he was telling the truth. “If you did not stalk me, I guess we’re fine.”, he said indignant and relaxed. For some weird reason he still felt the urge to fight with the other. Thought he only settled on ill-humoredly drying his hands.
He was about to leave the restroom without another word when Tony interrupted him. He seemed to have recovered from his confusion and was confident and arrogant again. “You still don’t like me?”, Tony’s voice became cunning again, “and I thought you enjoyed fucking me…” His eyes locked with Steve’s and the grin in the brown-haired’s face was as wide and as suggestive as always.
Okay, it took me forever to write that Chapter, especially the beginning.
I'm so sorry, I know I needed lots of time to publish the next chapter.
Steve just snorted: “Oh, I right, I forgot: I am such horrible company”
He would have recognized her anywhere, but the first thing he really registered (and what gave her away of course) was red hair. Pepper Potts, most likely future homecoming queen, pretty, smart and the second last person he wanted to see today, had just entered the boy’s locker room and eyed him up and down.
“It may be your house”, now Bucky spoke and there was a rather suggestive tone in his voice. Steve knew him all too well: “But Steve’s not as outgoing as you. And all of us really want him to get laid. So please move somewhere else or that’s not gonna happen today.”
I hope all of you had a great start in 2018!
Bucky only shot him a wide grin: “That’s the fun thing Steve. God, you really need to learn something about modern life.” He bopped Steve before he pulled him straightly forward to the guy serving the drinks. Honestly, Tony Stark was the only person who had staff serving drinks at school parties. That was so extravagant and unnecessary the blonde had to clench his teeth. If he was ever offered a chance to pay Bucky back for this, he would gladly take it. But first, he would have to get drunk. He sighed and Bucky gave him that annoyed, funny face he always made when Steve snarled and sighed loudly.
It sounded like himself and not like himself. Tony chuckled contently and hummed around his cock, sending even more friction over his skin, making his body shiver and shudder. Steve felt the tension between his legs intensifying, his breath hitching, his heart racing. He could warn Tony- could. But Tony seemed to know, his hands pushed Steve’s hips down, keeping them still while his head kept bobbing up and down. It drove Steve right on the edge.
Steve saw no need to have Tony repeat himself. He brought their lips together, making their teeth and bodies clash while he added another finger, sulking in every moan and hiss Tony offered him. And there were many. Tony’s body shivered when he slowly started to move his fingers and Tony’s eyes were closed in bliss, his back arched the tiniest bit. This sight would have been enough for Steve to just come right now and there. His kisses grew hungrier as did his movements. He did not suspect Tony to be one of the vanilla kind and when the other’s body kept rocking back at his trusts he knew he was right. He retreated his fingers, hearing Tony whine desperately. A second later he found hands pulling him closer, dominating over his body without making any attempt to changing the position again. Tony grinned at him even thought he was panting and his eyes were full of hunger.
And then there was the episode with the kitchen counter. Steve still had no clue how the heck they ended up there but what happened after they somehow got there was a pretty prominent memory.
“Have you heard about it?”, Sam wanted know, his voice low and unsettling. He was clearly nervous. Steve was puzzled. He had no idea what this was about.
“Pleasure’s mine”, Tony replied, his smile teasing and challenging.
“I don’t-“, Steve had to press his lips together as Tony’s fingers slipped past the hem of his trousers.
His eyes connected with the grey table he found increasingly interesting.
He winked and grabbed the empty bottle again they used for selecting the players.
His plans had been fairly simple: staying at home, reading, maybe watching TV. And then Bucky stormed his tiny room (he should have never given him those keys), threw clothes at him he had never seen before and declared that they were going to a party. He hadn’t even asked if Steve wanted to. He never did. Steve often asked himself why, however, he was quite sure Bucky wanted to help him integrate.
