For a second, Steve stared at the phone in his hand, wondering stupidly if he’d managed to pick it up after all. Then the source of the voice registered, and…of course. Tony Stark wouldn’t let himself get snuck up on that easily.
Steve stole a deep breath from the air, filling his lungs with the scent of roasted coffee, and freshly baked bread. Sweat from passing joggers and a night spent partying, the lingering odour of alcohol, the pungent, chemical cloud of deodorant. Sun streaked bright across his cheek as he slowed at the intersection, waiting for the traffic lights. There was a girl waiting beside him, snapping gum from stark black lips; wearing a top that was tied around her neck by two flimsy strings, entirely backless. It was red.
“I don’t live with common men and women. I was brought to life among heroes.” Vision’s voice didn’t sound particularly proud. It didn’t sound much like anything. “They don’t shun responsibility for the world around them, for the calamities that happen in it. They don’t push blame on others, or on the uncontrollable vagaries of fate. No, they invite blame. They yearn to save, and despise themselves when their hands aren’t long enough to reach everybody.”
He was still in his uniform, that much he could register. A uniform stiffened with blood that was still keeping his cracked ribs in place. The bed under him was hard, but not very cold. The room was brightening as the seconds passed, features growing clearer with every blink and his head a little less foggy.
(even if there was almost no doubt about what was waiting for him at the other end, a nightmarish landscape of snow, metal, blood and betrayal).
Another pause. Rhodey didn’t used to have these many pauses in his speech either. You couldn’t, not if you still wanted to be heard in a conversation with Tony Stark as a best friend.
T’Challa paused, the black eyes surveying and scrutinising Steve to his very soul, it felt like. “Of a kind. I’m actually heading out to meet the very topic of our just concluded conversation.”
Eventually he raised his head- because that’s what he always did. The world swam in a palette of water-colours: washed out grey and dirty white, black snaking along the ground- gleaming dark red where it caught the light. He rested a gauntleted hand against the floor and pushed- whoa, whoa, whoa. The world
“Alright then, Cap.” And there it was, that nickname again. It was almost mindboggling to see the number of places and times it popped up when Steve actually paid mind to it. But Clint was the focus here- his plain, non-nonsense, outright
“Shh, shh.” There was a presence at his side, a broad palm pressing at the back of his neck. He could feel cool clay at his lips, water attempting to seep through. The…glass? pot? …tilted against his mouth further, and he tried to gulp the liquid down, throat working uselessly. Some of it ran into his parched mouth, the rest down his chin, puddling in his neck. His entire torso was aching. Information was seeping through in increments.
Steve had left the shield. He’d given Tony the Avengers. That’s what he’d written in the letter. Hadn’t he? Hadn’t he?
And that was what he received, at least in the beginning. The screen sparked to life- Steve’s eyes immediately searched for Bucky, and found him lying prone on the floor with the smoking hole in the place of an arm. That was…that wasn’t
“I took the liberty of pre-empting heat or cooling issues-we should be facing no icing problems.” FRIDAY almost sounded excited. “I’d advise you to run simulations first, but JARVIS’ recordings indicate that you’ve never been more exhilarated than while blindly test driving a new suit, regardless of how indecorous he might have found your whoops-”
She fixed her eyes on him, steady and unwavering- the same eyes that had fixated on his the day they’d decided to…..step back a little. He wondered what she thought, what her reaction had been- on knowing that the people that he’d inadvertently chosen over her had left anyway.
,” and his mouth twisted further in incredulous contempt- “rather than knowing that any bit of paper isn’t worth throwing his teammates in
That….that was. It took several seconds for his genius brain to compute, for his body to stop freaking out that it was breathlessness, his chest drawing tight- in a good way.
Thank you again- for all the support, all the words of appreciation. You guys make me proud to be an Avengers and a Stony fan, and I hope the ride was just as great for you as it was for me.
“Dum-Dum was chewing on his third stale cigar of the day, said it kept him awake. Gabe kept crowding him, tryna get ‘warmth’ from the lit cig, but everyone knew he just liked the smell. Reminded him of summers at Tampa.” There was the smallest smile whispering at the corners of Steve’s lips, rawer than if he’d broken apart and wept.  “Buck was convinced the mission was my way of getting back at him for all our Coney Island trips, but I wouldn’t’ve picked these odds. Nine-car steamliner, hurtling down a mountain railroad at a hundred miles an hour. Ten second window.” Tony had never heard numbers…hurt, like this. They were bluntly cut syllables, dulled like they’d been repeated within the privacy of a mind stuck in rut a thousand times, their finality inescapable. “Ninety foot gorge.”
“I am not Ultron.” Tony said, and wondered if he believed himself. But hey, he now had a UN council to watch over his shoulder, just in case.
“This is how you’re gonna die!” He bellowed, voice modulator screeching with feedback, repulsors cutting off as his boots hit the plastic grass.
, and Wanda, and T’Challa, wise and supportive, and Scott, eyes glowing with hero-worship, and Bucky, who was
It wasn’t just her, though. There was a beautiful blonde woman, leaning against the railing of the St. Kilda bridge, the Yarra river gleaming sleekly in the background. Tight, groomed curls over a long black dress, a silk scarf encasing her shoulders. A redheaded man was photographing her, long sleeved shirt folded to the elbows, corduroy pants worn over loafers. They seemed just as alien to him as the green-haired girl trudging in front of him, as did every laughing, merry face on the road today. Every pair of crinkled eyes, every excitable voice. Like Steve was somehow incorporeal, existing on a plane separate to the rest of these people; the ones who’d been born in and had grown up in this world.
kind of wing aspect ratio, your plane’s pretty much a bumbling dragonfly against zippy hummingbirds with
” Tony resisted the urge to groan, or facepalm when he was wearing a metal suit of armour. Which Steve was Not Wearing. How hard was that to grasp? “And now I hath taken the Lord’s name in vain. I’ve not missed being on a team with you.”
He liked to fight. It was a sour thing to swallow- but swallow it he did. The Ultron debacle had been good for that, at least. He liked the physicality of it, the feeling of leaving an….impact. He liked proving himself, over and over and over and over. And it wasn’t just a flaw to acknowledge, and do his best to eradicate. It was something to accept, however unwillingly, and be at peace
But as Tony walked away, shoulders pulled back straight, the night coming alive with its myriad sounds in the trees and grass around them- Steve let himself feel a smidgen of hope anyway.
“Well I’m incredible, aren’t I?” Rhodey returned nonchalantly – then fell silent. The afternoon sun gleamed off the steel lines of his Stark braces, running sleekly up his spine to mid thorax and curving over his pelvis. The struts connecting to his knees were thinner, thigh muscles pressing firm and well-defined against the unyielding metal. Rhodey never missed a day of physio.
Feb. Anniversary of our most successful mission. Maximum number of rescues, no casualties.” Sam smiled- it flicked in and out of existence just as quickly. “Thought it was dead depressing to do it on one of the guys’ death days, or Memorial day…y’know.”
to so many things, like Pepper being essential for SI and Tony’s life and sanity in ways he’d never dream of betraying to her. And duralumin is hard yet lightweight, it builds the bodies of aircraft, and phrasing it like that seems easier than
Romanov was dancing with Bruce now, torsos pressed close, her chin tucked over his shoulder-swaying slow and tired. Barton and Hill were straight-backed still, his arm bent perfectly and pressed to her shoulder blade-and attempting to tickle her, if her impassive, unimpressed expression was any clue. Parker and MJ were obscured in the corner, feet wobbly and barely standing. Danvers and Rhodes had their foreheads pressed together, looking down at their moving feet.
That little thrown-off pause was identical to FRIDAY’s not even a minute ago- huh. Seemed like he’d ferreted out his source of inspiration for her after all. Being more than two years old though, Pepper made a far more dignified recovery. Replying straight back. It was almost funny, how unusual that was for them. “Enough.”
So he blinks, and Steph’s eyes are looking a little glassy and he can tell because she’s too close, all of a sudden, too, too close-and something incredibly soft and
ambushed on site and had ample time to head back to base to put on that suit I pay for.” Huh, maybe it wasn’t that hard to argue with him after all.
And here they were again, where the wounds ran the deepest. “I wanted to tell you.” Steve said, desperate all over again, “-but it would only have hurt yo-“
“Not that kind of testing.” The words escaped, and Tony lifted his right hand with a slight twist of the wrist, pure muscle memory at this point. Seconds later, there came the cold kiss of metal at his palm-pieces flying in from the Mark XLV, gauntlet forming seamlessly in the empty spaces around his hand.
Steve’s feet were moving – he’d fallen into the dance, the pattern, unaware of even making the first step, the two of them circling each other around the ring. How many times had they done this? He should’ve… he should’ve kept count.
“Was it truly madness though? Or something…deeper. Something I’ve borne witness to in all of my associates…my friends. Something perhaps best evidenced by,” a hitch of hesitance here, a flash of emotion on that metallic, invulnerable, painfully empathetic face, “by Mr Maximoff’s demise. Mr Stark took it entirely on himself, he was the hand behind the creation that terminated such a young life. Agent Barton’s was the life that Mr Maximoff had chosen to exchange for his own; his guilt was only natural. Wan- “ Another twitch. “Miss Maximoff blamed herself for letting her brother get experimented on in the first place, getting so consumed by vengeance. And you’ve chosen to lug the load of Pietro’s life upon your conscience like you’ve had thousands of young soldiers’ lives before…haven’t you, Captain?”
A firming up of the jaw as if in resigned determination and Steve barely had the composure to compute before Tony changed everything up on him again, calculatingly spitting. “You do know I’ll never stop coming after him, right?”
“Wanda should have stayed in the Facility too.” Natasha cut through, mincing of words left far behind.
“Timing ain’t too bad, the press are outside anyway so you’ve skipped the hassle of calling a conference to break news of the divorce.” Tony acceded, and scattered laughs broke out in a sea of shining, amused faces. God, this felt surreal. “See, no, you’re doing it wrong, that pause was meant for the awkward silence. Maaaybe a scandalised gasp. Instead you’re all just smiling at me like I’m some deranged uncle at a wedding, which fair, I am.”
, he wasn’t a heathen. All ticket proceeds to high school art programs… ooh, maybe a competition? Children under 16 submit a design for what the next Mark should look like, god he should call Pepper– no he shouldn’t, terrible idea
café had an ‘outdoor seating area’ carpeted with said plastic grass, currently deserted by patrons and two out of three potted geraniums on fire. Being under attack would do that to a place.
The roof above his head was dark. The walls around him too-though as the seconds ticked away in his mind and his vision adjusted, details began to emerge. The walls were a dark grey, unpainted concrete damp in patches, creating shapes and swirls. A single, hanging fluorescent bulb gave off light-a dim yellow that licked against the overlapping tin sheets the roof seemed to be constructed of, gleaming dull and silver. He could see rust flakes at the joints.
“Guess we aren’t the only ones who hate him.” Steve turned the page he was holding over. It was a map of Queens with areas outlined in red and marked with a symbol meaning Bakuto’s name. Well, it actually said
After Tony left—Steve had stood in the hallway upstairs and listened for the door to close—Steve wasn’t sure what to do with himself. He didn’t want to leave the house, that was for sure, and he didn’t want any company. Dugan knew he was going through something so when Steve didn’t show up at the office, he took it upon himself to do what needed to be done for the day. No need in bothering the man more.
,” Tony said when she came into the room. “Welcome home. Dinner is cooking, I’m going to check in with Steve. Benni is in the kitchen with Clint.” He kissed her cheek and helped with her coat. His politeness won over his need to check up on Steve.
He headed out of the room and stopped only to tussle his hair. It didn’t need to be perfect either. He could be comfortable and himself. It was just him and Tony.
James, probably owing to his upbringing, was just the right amount of quiet and refined for her tastes.
James chuckled, nuzzling his face in Clint’s hair. He let out a deep sigh but Clint was already talking before he could carry on.
“You know, you and Clint seem to have a different relationship to Tony and I,” Steve started, changing the direction of his argument and tone of his voice.
“Because,” James began, looking down at the documents and maps from Gao, “he said he would keep them as long as it takes to get what he wants. That means he knows they are his only leverage on us. If he kills them, we have no reason to give him what he wants and there’s nothing else he can take from us.”
“And... you kept doing this even after giving me a home? A job? Everything I could ever ask for? Thinking I’d change my mind?” He dropped the pen and rubbed both hands over his face.
“He’s in a prison… of sorts and no, he has no clue where you are. Or Benni, for that matter,” Steve told him.
“We refueled and the man I am currently seeing works two doors down, so yeah, I did stop by and say hello,” Steve told Fury.
After a moment’s hesitation he pushed all those thoughts away and opened the door. And then he was greeted with blue and a wave of Steve’s scent. After his eyes got used to the darkness he looked around. Another big bed, a lot more pillows though, the same shades of blue; his hat balanced on a lamp next to a big desk with folders, papers and a briefcase next to it. If he hadn’t known better he would have assumed that Steve had a normal nine to five desk job in some office. Tony looked at the walls and paintings. He tiptoed into the room to get a closer look and opened the curtains to let in a little light to examine the picture further. Never before had he seen so much green in one place and he couldn’t help but wonder if it could be real.
Compromising, he winked at Steve and followed Rhodey. Steve stood there, trying to keep his face blank but his eyebrows shot up at the wink and he looked right at Bucky who was watching him above all the vultures at the table devouring the gift.
Steve chuckled quietly, still perusing the information. So far, based on the information gathered, they knew quite a bit about their serial arsonist. Unfortunately it wasn’t anything they could use to identify them but at least they now had a general timeframe in which the arsonist was most likely planting the device and they were able to create a perimeter in which they assumed he would strike next. He was active, he’d hit two diners in the last two weeks. It didn’t feel like much of a stretch to assume he’d hit a third next week.
“Hello, pet,” she said, thanking him as he put away her coat. “Ah, lovely. And where is Steven? And James?” She thought it a bit odd that either of them were anywhere their significant others weren’t but perhaps they had business to attend to. She waved her hand dismissively and said, “Never mind. I’ll go wash up. Smells
She didn’t shush him or otherwise try to quiet him. He needed to get it out and not feel like doing so was anything requiring hushing. She rocked him gently, reassuring him that she had him, he was safe.
you.” He moved closer, taking Tony’s hand with both of his now. “You’re strong and you’re loyal and you’re smart. And despite me deserving no less, you didn’t treat me like some heartless, bloodthirsty person. You were respectful but not fearful, kind not superficial, and you were concerned
“Maybe,” he said, dipping Tony gently, staring into his eyes, his own half-lidded and that same lazy smile on his face. He was happier than he'd been in months. His eyes fell from Tony’s to his lips and he sighed, licking his own slowly and pulling him back up.
Blood went everywhere and James dropped him, stepping on him as he moved to get to Steve who was trying to keep his breathing even but was quickly bleeding out. “Steve, Stevie, hey, hey, stay with me.” He was lightly slapping his face. Steve had lost a lot of blood already and he couldn’t keep his eyes open.
After their second round of apple juice for everyone, the door opened unexpectedly and Sarah came in with Benni, both of them carrying bags.
“I hope you’re inviting everyone in the street because that should feed them all,” Tony greeted Sarah.
Steve let go and shoved Loki back towards the stairs. James followed while Dmitri and Dugan checked out the upstairs and went through Loki’s documents.
“Ah, there ya are.” Pepper smiled. “Got me worried there for a minute.” He turned to look at her and sighed again.
“Didn’t say that. It certainly would be a very hands on insurance business. And wow, you don’t want to miss a single payment.” He grinned too, taking Steve’s hand and pressing a kiss onto his palm. “You certainly give back when it’s due.”
Sarah addressed one of the men outside the house to drive them to the hospital. Tony held onto her hand during the drive there. She was trembling and muttering words under her breath. If Sarah Rogers was truly praying, Tony thought, it didn’t look good. But it had to. Because Steve promised. Everything would be fine.
When he had arranged everything as he should and was about to leave, Steve reached out and grabbed his wrist. Tony flinched strongly and Steve tasted bile in his mouth knowing that look and that reaction. His expression must not have been very pleasant either because Tony tried to pull away but Steve kept a tight hold, reaching into his suit pocket to put a small roll of cash into Tony’s hand.
The closer he got to his office, the worse and more prominent that ominous feeling became and the more grateful he was for Tony’s libido. At least he had something good to focus on to keep his mood from plummeting completely.
“Well, it’s been nearly four months and you’ve been good about using your crutches to keep weight off of it,” James continued, leaning to reach over and touch the cast, moving his fingers along it and applying pressure to the part of Clint’s leg not covered by the cast. “Does that hurt?”
Even though he was asleep—and in a wonderful dreamless sleep at that—Tony woke up immediately when touched. For a split second he saw himself back in his bed with Benni next to him and Howard behind him. That picture quickly disappeared and instead he saw him. Mr Rogers.
colouring books in the air and shakes it. “Right, ‘cause I’m the toddler of the team, I geddit. Thanks, Cap.”
“Checking.” FRIDAY said. “Initial hit – a tweet at 2:14 pm, about a mile out from the café. @Hanessy34 says:
, something that had flown out and lodged right under Tony’s elbow, blood creeping past his cheek and scrapes all down his arms – muscles screaming as he raised himself off the ground and flopped onto his ass.
Tony hitched himself onward, mental map tracing a route to the main workshop via the underbellies of his cars. The Bentley he crawled under shook above him – the front wheel in his vision tilting slowly to the right as if the entire car was being… oh shit.
Just that one day, Steve had apparently disappeared from his then-safehouse and somehow had a tete-a-tete with Tony Stark. Sam didn’t know the details of what had happened that day, just as he didn’t know what had occurred when he’d sent Stark off on a wild goose chase from the Raft and only Steve and Barnes had returned. Steve didn’t offer to share, and Sam didn’t ask.
the problem, and Steve didn’t know if that was what he wanted. He didn’t know if he wanted to acknowledge a problem at all. He didn’t know if he wanted to let the myth of a Captain America who forever knew his mind, collapse.
taped across his wall, which-he knows what she’s doing here, brook and water and…this is actually incredibly lame and a little creepy considering she snuck into the place he likes to trim his nose hair in, and definitely shouldn’t make him snicker like the way it does. He washes up and lopes into the kitchen for his coffee, only to find
soft and squishy, green or not; but that wasn’t the important bit here. “Four hundred and sixteen? Isn’t that the longest we’ve gone so far?”
Another second, drawn long and taut. Tony turned his head away, heels tapping down the stairs, vanishing behind the stage.
“You were.” The words came, quiet and certain. Tony stopped and looked at the teenager with the ducked head, face still ruddy with embarrassment but with a curious steadiness to the gaze that had convinced Tony in the first place, that very first time. Peter met his eyes like it was the last thing he wanted to do, but like he wouldn’t drop it for the world. “I don’t understand superhero politics, Mr. Stark. I don’t know what exactly was going on at Leipzig, but I knew that you needed to stop Captain America from leaving. Badly enough that you’d recruit a sixteen-year-old to help you.”
“Google,” FRIDAY continued on stiffly – bless her dear processors – “has mostly come back with a collection of clips from Swedish and Korean horror movies. Should I curate them into a list?”
Tony blinked once, and blinked again, just to be sure, because- that was it? The king handing over the ‘rarest, most precious mineral’, with nary a question, forget the Spanish Inquisition that it deserved? “One more thing.”
“Are you okay?” The dork asked concernedly, all the while Tony swore to high heaven, blinking up at the bed’s ornate canopy with watering eyes. “I think I can grab some ice from downstairs–”
overtook the audio, barely space for a breath between vicious blows- Steve stared, watching the armour wince and flinch and brace itself like it was a living thing, slowly crumpling in under the vibranium.
Sam watched Stark tilt his head slightly to the right, the rapidly changing, increasingly complex microexpressions contorting his face, the silently mouthed
His hands dropped to the granite top of the basin, lips twitching into a smile despite it all. “I’m good FRIDAY.”
Minutes passed by, his breath puffing out steadily in the quiet. An interminable amount of time later, there was a heavier breath approximating a sigh- and he moved his head to dig his chin into the pillow, strands of hair slipping over his forehead and brushing over the tip of his nose. Another minute.
Wanda was upstream- there was a stream, or a brook, or one of those synonyms chattering past the nearby rocks; the faint gurgling sound was the only thing that broke the silence amidst the repetitive
fool himself again, “Cut that, that was definitely irresponsible of me. But I trusted you to make your own choices, and you’re almost as strong as the fucking
of War Machine’s boot as he stepped forward and just a little in front of Iron Man, sightline to the arc reactor severed abruptly. Saw Steve’s shoulders padded with Kevlar curl in, just half an inch, as he made the same realisation. “Iron Man has the exact location, Falcon can fly over with him to check it out.”
Steve stepped further inside. It wasn’t a traditionally walled room, space itself seeming to bend and curve unnaturally with the stylistic architecture. Smooth grey walls rose from polished wooden floorboards, curving away to form shadowed alcoves. Three echoing footsteps-and Steve was within one of the cubbies, observing objects mounted in the recesses on the wall, sealed behind glass, softly backlit.
She’s mid-air, and for a second, Tony mistakes the spinning vertigo in his stomach for awe. She’s propelled herself off a crate, and while her left heel’s already caved the body of the bot in, her descending shield is poised to deal the final severing blow. His engineering eyes scope out the twisting figure in seconds-the straight lines running from the ballet perfect point of her toe to the trim waist, twisted sharply into a forty five degree angle as she inhumanly bends backward mid fall to snap the arm of the very human guy who’d snuck up behind her. Idiot.
.” He bent down, hands feeling about wildly for several straining seconds before finding it and seizing it off the floor. Several seconds of silence fleeted by- nothing registering except the heartbeat drumming in his ear amidst the almost feverish concentration of trying to bring the recording up as quick as feasibly possible.
For the next five steps, Steve didn’t respond. Barely a sound intervened in the silence, except the rhythmic clanking of the suit, the rise and fall of their breaths with the wind. And then, “D’you think there’s any way we can get out of it?”
Several more seconds of scrabbling at the knob and the door finally wrenched open with a bang and a shower of crumbled plaster, squealing hinges adding to the din. Tony stepped through into the white-tiled, dingy cubicle of a bathroom, the tiny window at the far end showing nothing but the tall walls of the neighbouring building, barely letting any light in. He knuckled around for the light switch and flicked it on, the bulb above his head flickering to life with a quiet crackle. The washbasin was barely a foot away, and it was another struggle of effort to open the tap, the packing nut and washer flaked over with jagged lines of rust.
The breath stopped still in his chest for a second, refusing to move onward. Steve didn’t blink, bile burning in the base of his throat. “That’s…not the same thing.”
“I do know. It isn’t my fault, won’t ever be my fault, I couldn’t take responsibility for it if I tried.”
But of course Sam voiced nothing out loud, and Steve’s pale eyes dropped further, searching for a thing that couldn’t be found on the cockpit floor. The thin line his lips had compressed themselves into curved up in the facsimile of a smile. “Bypassed straight into voicemail, left a message. Which I guess still technically meets the terms of our agreement.”
Anyways……excitement. Yeah. Not something to be found in great abundance in Steve’s life nowadays, for someone who was technically an ex-superhero. Being on the run wasn’t very conducive to most life pursuits, forget ones involving any actual action. Things would have been so much more convenient if he had a secret identity.
of everything. The swing band with their too shiny coats, the screen with Fred and Ginger waltzing away in perfect video quality. The smarmy dancers, the clamouring crowd that was pushing past him even now, phones lifted high in the air, ready to ‘capture the magic’.
Tony scrambled under the next car purely on instinct, chest tight with exertion, lungs filling with the stench of burnt cement. Not a dumb suit then. Something intelligent was after his life… and it knew how to operate his armours.
“Really.” Tony breathed; and it was a light, sibilant, almost scoffing sound. “Answer me this, then. Would you have signed the Accords?”
Hours later, they’re trekking back to the Tower, clanking suit of armour and all. He’d offer to fly them back…except Steph is soot-streaked, and sweat-soaked and the stray strands of her hair are actually tinged a little red at the tips. There’s a little trickle of foreign blood making its way down her jawline, even though they’ve been fighting Doombots, because the universe loves fucking him over like that.
- superheroes would lose every single inch of the little credibility they still had, and everything that Tony had fought so hard for, no matter how headstrong and misguided, would be lost-
“You don’t trust yourself.” Steve said, and there was something almost pleading about it. “You’re terrified of the unlimited things you could achieve- it’s not about being right all the time, it’s that I trust
against his skull, a marching beat of rain hitting the helmet like a chorus of white noise. Monsoon green stretched below him in an unending expanse, threatening grey above – and he flew towards the horizon, unfeeling of the downpour that battered against the suit. Ever so often thunder would crack, close enough to make his speakers rattle with the feedback, the power level in the suit spiking with every roar.
His chest constricted involuntarily, squeezing away under an imaginary reactor. Words rose in his throat and they escaped too quickly, and not nearly as impassive as they should be. “Tell me you actually came here for a reason.”
The air was far less musty in the passageway than he’d expected-there were probably built in ducts, for better circulation. The blast had caused the barrier heap of sand to blow inwards, plastered to the wall and crunching under their feet, but far less in volume than expected, probably as the ceiling had already begun and there was only so much sand that could occupy a space. A space that terminated in a door, as it turned out-also helpfully taken out by the blast. The corridor stretched on ahead, blanketed black and seemingly endless.
“You think those are from the quakes?” Sam asked instead, chin bobbing up towards the cracks wreathing their way up the walls. Iron Man paused, repulsor light darting over the patch of wall-there were no jagged edges of plaster visible, just solid concrete and spider-like cracks that were clearly more than skin-deep.
Except this Iron Man would just point out in a monotone that there weren’t any visible light sources around, even though they would have had to light up this place somehow. He didn’t look too distant from a character in a horror tale himself-you couldn’t look at him straight, the only source of light, harsh and blinding, in a passageway of darkness. The light from the circle in his chest cast shadows underneath a glinting, square, deathly sharp jaw; light emanating from palms encased in blood-gold metal gauntlets that could punch through walls.
“..Alright.” And there was that little shift, that absence of an electronic whine that Tony was probably imagining anyway- that indicated FRIDAY was no longer actively surveilling the area.
Steve blinked, and blinked again, each second punctuated by the flutter of whisper-thin lashes. By the fifth time, his irises had gone glassy, though his voice wouldn’t shake. “What do you think?”
Silence never really fell, not with the ocean rumbling in the distance, but several seconds passed without words.
But after four days, an email appeared in his inbox, seemingly out of nowhere though of course it had been borne on the invisible webs that the modern world had given birth to. And so the trickle began again- sometimes four of the recordings in a week, sometimes an entire fortnight passing before he’d see the sun of Siberia gleam on metal and Kevlar again. And as the weeks passed, it became increasingly clear- Tony was not doing this to mock Steve, or prove a point, or even attempt to change his mind. In fact, it seemed more likely that Tony had no idea that Steve was receiving any of these in the first place.
There was an almost ominous silence in response to that, and Steve felt almost obliged to provide a reason (and resented Sam all the more for it), “It’s Sharon.”
The Avengers logo blazed on the wall behind her head, the corner of the A obscured by her curls. It felt, for a second, that his knees might give way after all.
Of course, he didn’t say any of that. Except a muted, “Me too,” and the responding spark in Steve’s eyes let him know that no more would be required either.
“Oh, but sweetheart.” Peggy raised soft fingers, leaned enough to ghost them over the back of Steve’s neck, catching at the flyway strands of a haircut she’d never gotten to see. “You’ve already done your time someplace else.”
They reach the Tower entrance, and the elevator zooms them up in mere seconds. They step into the common living room and she actually
and down they came, him and the suit, catching the floor harshly on his knees. His mouth tasted blood, his chest screaming bloody murder. Not enough, the suit was dead weight. He needed something to support it.
is what the UN wants us to go help with.” And the diagram of the ocean heaved up, the holograms shuddering in place, long ripples originating from the centre and cascading outwards. Tiny figures appeared alongside the circular lines, seismic readings gone wild.
He stared ahead, gaze affixed on the distance like Tony’s was, had to be. Appropriate, perhaps. Two sightlines reaching for a common goal, forever parallel, never meeting. “Running errands for Mrs Hosemann down the street, even though she could probably lift the washing more easily than I could. Making breakfast for Ma before her five am shift at the hospital, every morning. Facing down Mikey and his thugs in the alleys. Basic training in the Army. It wasn’t about whether it was unpleasant, or…scary, or difficult. Sometimes it was all three. I
Steve dropped his gaze to the dancers, head ringing. They were feisty, energetic; every vigorous jerk of their heads set free a shower of sweat droplets. The stage was fairly vibrating under the force of their tapping feet, he could feel the tremors pass into the concrete under him, though he was fairly certain no one else could. Broad smiles, on each and every face, except….
“Yes. Later.” Steph seems to force out through gritted teeth, even while her eyes seem a little dimmed. Wow. She must have really wanted those damn shakes. Maybe it’s a Depression era thing because they’re obviously going to have to chuck the bagels? She had really insisted on paying for both of them today.
“Sometime during that battle, the fight stopped being about freedom and the Avengers’ ability to save the world when it needed them, and became about protecting Bucky Barnes instead. And while I’d never back down from saving a man’s life, Captain.” Clint’s eyes flashed, from things brighter than emotion. “We damn well should have had the right to make that choice for ourselves.”
The surreal part was that there were five strapping men on that stage, complete with high-waisted, pleated pants and suspenders, jitterbugging away. Beyond the platform, and the crowd of watchers awkwardly swaying or bobbing on the balls of their feet, a swing band was strumming out something lively. Looming over it all, stood a ten foot screen swaying gently in the wind, resplendent with the black and white forms of Fred and Ginger cutting a step.
The clock ticked. The sun had dipped almost completely under the horizon; just leaving orange streaks on the glossy surfaces that shone into Clint’s eyes. What was keeping Laura and the kids?
“You sleep on time.” FRIDAY was much more given to interruptions too, possibly because of aforementioned caring. “You cook, and eat, and don’t get completely lost in your work, and listen to me when I ask you to take a break when you do-“
“I did. But the energy requirements for making a three inch chip and eight hundred pounds is remarkably different, believe it or not.”
There was an annoyed groan of mangled syllables at the other end, crackling over the network. Steve resisted the urge to grin. Sam was probably hitting his face with his palm repeatedly, or thumping his forehead against the desk in that entertaining way people nowadays expressed their frustration.
Tony stared at that face, the straight jaw and honest eyes- he should have closed this recording off ages ago. Maybe the point was wrecking a good memory he didn’t even remember he had, watch for himself what a concerned, blinded idiot he had been-
She looked amazing- even in a hologram, without the help of colour to fill in her strawberry blonde hair, or her creamy, freckled cheeks. Her hair was perfectly coiffed, her collar straight and starched, but there was that smallest indent in her lower lip that indicated she’d been chewing it before making the call.
“At least Tony didn’t start off helping the homicidal AI he had a hand in creating.” Sharp and cold, like a whip crack. He could see the cracks lining her expressionless face now. “She went from that to getting a free spot on the Avengers. How many years did we spend in SHIELD, atoning for our regrets-” He could see the film play out before her eyelids, just the way it did on his: Ottawa, Belmopan, Budapest, Dhaka, Riyadh…, an endless series of names they exchanged like humorous in jokes, pretending that they hadn’t bled out for each one, “-before we even knew the Initiative was something on the cards-”
“The possibility that everything I’d’ve given up my life for was a sham, was terrifying.” A deep, bracing breath. “The prospect of trusting other people was terrifying.”
“Maybe,” Ross acquiesced, but not before his lip quirked upward under that godforsaken moustache. “except I wanted to deliver the job offer in person.”
difference between sass to pass the time in those infrequent moments of boredom whilst punching aliens, and sass that covered up very real annoyance over the welfare of a fellow… an ex-teammate.
Memory-Steve’s face wiped itself of all expression, the shield rose. The setting Siberian sun flashed off it in a blinding glare as it fell in an arc- but Steve’s attention was caught by red, gauntleted fingers, rising up involuntarily to protect the face even though the owner had so clearly wanted this outcome. Goaded his way into it.
Clint had been adamant about taking Wanda along with him after the condition in which they’d recovered her from…..custody, and Steve couldn’t have been happier about it. She’d obviously latched on to Clint as a brother-figure after Pietro, someone to seek guidance from; and anyone who saw Clint with his kids would be a knucklehead to think he deserved any less. But Clint could also be…..wilful at times, and the way his drawn face was dipping in and out of light and shadow as he unendingly scraped at his weapons…it didn’t bode well.
“All these years, Tony. The fights, with or against each other. We’ve talked and laughed and argued and cried and…” There, at that spot between his shoulder blades – Tony could feel Steve’s breath on his skin. Warm and just the littlest bit shaky. “Has any of it, ever, felt like waiting?”
Tony smiled, quick and uncaring. Pain was beginning to reassert its existence in his muscles, not content with being ignored for too long. “You could have just called.”
the repressed anguish outlined in every stark line of his face, he’d gone through so much, only to be persecuted again and again and
“Sometimes your heroes aren’t all they’re cracked up to be.” And…damn. There it was. The little contemptuous, angry voice made of concentrated hurt. And he’d been doing so well too.
“You should come around to SI on Monday.” Tony heard himself say, and just came up short of punching himself in the mouth in the seconds that followed.
The place was still desolate, even while Melbourne celebrated life and living in the world outside this building; monument really, built to honour the passing of time. So silent. Or not…not really. There was a constant hum in the space, quiet yet overpowering. Pitched at a single note, permeating through halls and corridors and little nooks and crannies. Steve had come to be used to it-it was the hum of the air conditioner, the device that people used these days to isolate themselves from the heat of the sun and the warmth of the outside air. It reigned in every room, the sound, every building he set foot in-within the closed walls of the place he was first thawed out in, the airy spaces of his classrooms, the cabins of the airplane that took twenty-three hours to fly to the other hemisphere of the world, via Los Angeles and Sydney airports (all, all humming); to the quiet abode of his own apartment. A perennial, emotionless sound filtering in from the shiny white machinery mounted on the walls, or tiny vents in the ceiling.
“Shushush.” Steve raised a hand to presumably bat Tony away, except he kind of grabbed Tony by the lapel and pulled him down instead – which okay, they were friends now, but jeez,
the thought slid into his mind, sudden and clear and perfectly formed. Not the low croon of the sax, or upbeat tempo of swing music; not the old-fashioned curve of the Cadillac, or the sharp snap of suspenders, or Fred and Ginger cutting a sharp step through the dance floor.
“He’s doing fine.” Stark repeated, words holding less emotion than the synthesised voice of Iron Man. “He’s…recovering.”
“Because.” Steve started, and paused to pull back a breath. Tony watched on, head still pounding from migraines, tongue dried at the back of his throat, eyes screaming for sleep desperately fixated on the echoes of a memory that had never happened this way. Filled in the blanks for himself
This has never happened before. Steve has no memories to compare it with, and catalogues every detail to add to a rolodex of sensations, for safekeeping; Tony’s eyelashes fluttering against Steve’s skin, the way the callus on his thumb digs into Steve’s chin when he’s holding it steady, the soft skin in the crevices between his fingers as their hands wound tighter together, the happiness of an impossible moment.
but that was too hard to voice, and he told his tongue to change direction, but it listened to him too well. And what came out was:
A beat passed, and maybe there was a glimmer of regret in Rhodey’s eyes, maybe like the day he’d trashed Tony’s house and taken his suit away. Just like that day, it passed before Tony could confirm it, and wasn’t followed by an apology. Just Rhodey, inhaling cold and quiet air, talking steadily. “If you think I’m going to let you do this alone, you’ve got another thing coming. I’m not leaving you.”
Three minutes elapsed, with Tony’s steady footfalls, rounding corners and pausing at crossings- before Steve realised that nothing was going to happen.
And Tony feels something sting to life under his eyelids, watches Steph’s knuckles white against a tightened fist, her shuttered eyes giving nothing and everything away.
“You came.” Two words breathed out, like they were obvious and world-changing, all at one go. “Not because you’d stopped believing in the Accords, but because you…momentarily disagreed.”
A white light danced against the shadows on the wall- a quick flash on and off. Steve resisted the urge to bury his face in his pillow and groan.
Water, water, water…Tony pushed himself back, the wheeled chair squeaking against the concrete of the workshop floor. Getting up was another task- his joints burned like
Steve opened his mouth to say, and then snapped it shut again, because Tony wasn’t asking him about that, was he? His mouth flew open again-and now he had to say something, because Captain America couldn’t fall to the level of a goldfish. “One…one night is hard-ly.. anything. Stalkers are…a bit more long term, I think.”
“No, I couldn’t have.” Peter’s lip quirked up, just a little. His gaze was clear and constant. “I was stronger than half the guys at that airport terminal, and the other half were on our side.”
A twitch of a hand, and the toilet paper ball went flying through the air, landing in the centre of the wastebasket. Perfect aim. Steve turned those massive shoulders, clear eyes regarding Tony impassively. “Is that why you’re doing this? And not just because you like clambering on and stomping all over people’s nerves?”
Tony is not ashamed to admit that he’s a little terrified. “Um, Steph. We could always have milkshakes later.”
The light changed, and Steve moved-each succeeding step lighter and lighter like he might float away.
Tony lifted his shoulders in a shrug. “Does it matter? You could probably quote them to me verbatim, and in psychological terms to boot.”
Religion wasn’t meant to be just for crises. But the two seemed irretrievably entwined, because it was when the skies darkened that people needed their faith the most. To hold on, and thus emerge on the other side, faith varnished and renewed and shining…or cracked right through the centre.
“That changes nothing.” Tony waved an impatient hand, barely avoiding cracking a nail on the adjacent wall. Hell, there really was no space in here.
He was tempted to send a piece of his mind back in response- the reply button taunted him. Tempted to type that apparently he’d left his shield in the care of the wrong man. Almost tempted to think that he should have brought down the shield where it was initially aime-
Something glimmered at the corner of his vision – an exhale fleeted from his lips, a solitary breath among thousands that had been paused midway. The Time Stone shone dully among the gaps of his fingers. But it was only a spark of green amidst a sea of red; the Reality Gem blazing next to it, eye-searing.
“Sentiment.” The word tasted cold on his tongue, like something he’d heard before and chosen to suppress. “You made a judgement call. Not based on facts, or consequences, or morals. But because you… empathised.”
Memory-Tony’s mouth smoothed up in a smirk, comfortably cocky and friendly. “You’ve already expressed your heartbreak at my imminent departure-“
This, though. This was quiet…barely whispering at the nerve endings of his eardrums, a whoosh that was there and gone. But at the same time it was low-a baritone that rumbled up from the depths of the earth, like having the faintest glimpse of something whose scope was beyond comprehension. A straining sound in the distance, deceptively quiet, layered with deeper things. The faintest threat on the horizon.
Funny, how different the world appeared when he had something to look forward to, small and ephemeral as it was.
Steve’s jaw clenched, very subtly. Tony admired the strong lines of it, beatific smile in place. And then, with a pronounced shake of his head as if he’d forgotten his place in the script, stepped out of the way with a bow and an expansive, ‘after you’ gesture.
“-ny Stark met with the Chinese foreign minister to ease out some final wrinkles with the Accords, in a step that rang out assurance for all Asian powers that were concerned about ‘superheroes’ being too Western-centric-“
"Unless you pose a danger to my students I will never read your mind without your permission. In fact, the most difficult thing about being a telepath is keeping out intrusive thought. Which is why Jean did not offer to shake hands: touch is difficult for telepaths, and she is not fully trained. Now, sit down and relax. Do you mind Jean and Scott being here? Jean will observe and monitor our exchange."
Erik," Tony greeted, as Iron Man landed, with the transporter, taller than Tony himself, coming to earth neatly beside him.
To Tony's ears he had been silent, but White Wolf whirled, snatching the gun from its holster. By then though, Steve was on him, smashing the gun aside and sending it flying over the edge of the walkway. Tony dived after it.
Tony forced his eyes open. Nothing about the HUD had changed, but beyond that, outside in the ocean, there was a flickering light.
The Doombot was staring down at the artefact, grasping it so tightly that it seemed to Steve that he was trying to crush it.
"It's nothing to do with either the Air Force or NASA. If you can find Storm, ask him why anyone would want to steal his sister's DNA."
There was a double click that was vaguely familiar, then a voice – Howard Stark's voice – crackled from the overhead speakers: "Steve... Steve, I cannot believe in my heart that this tape will ever be activated by your fingerprints, but if you are here and listening to this it must mean that Erskine's serum kept you alive, as I hoped it would, and that someone eventually found you. If I am standing beside you at this moment you will already know what I am going to say, but I doubt that I could be that lucky. Besides, then I would have been the one to open the doors. Only two other people ever knew what was concealed here; one is Maria, my wife, the other is Margaret Grey – Peggy Carter as was. Maybe one of them sent you here.
And Steve laughed, though perhaps there was a note of hysteria at the very back of it. "Oh, Tony, you..." He put both hands on Tony's shoulders, apparently to hold them apart. "I don't know what I'd do without you."
"So Jan tells me. She also says I have to report this to you, though neither of us knows what it signifies."
They were actually outside the building and making their way along a narrow pathway that rounded an ancient baobab tree when they came face to face with the real White Wolf, surrounded by the Hatut Zeraze.
For half a heartbeat he considered responding, but it wasn't worth the risk. It was years since he'd felt that particular need...
"If the pain had interfered with the pleasure, I would have definitely said 'No.' Look, Steve, sex – sexual relationships – are about negotiation. It isn't fair on you that I know exactly what I want while you're still trying things out, but that's why it's so important to let me know when you're... uncomfortable. I can't read your mind, babe, though I can make guesses from your body language—"
. I suspect both. Nor do they have digestive organs. Instead, they can input energy, including broadcast energy."
"Your personal escort calling," Iron Man's voice interrupted. "There's an unidentified contact below us."
And there it was, hanging over the vertical side of a gully. Thor stood below it, water rushing about his knees, supporting the front of the truck with his left hand while lightning leaped from the hammer in his right.
It didn't work now. "Water and painkillers first," Steve said firmly, handing Tony a glass filled with clear liquid that unfortunately was not gin or vodka, and two capsules. Now he was faced with it, he also vaguely remembered being coaxed to drink a disconcerting amount of water at some ungodly hour.
"We'll sort that out later. Meanwhile, let's get out of here." He was offered a metal covered arm, which locked around his waist and he was lifted up into a darkening sky, as clouds swept in to cover the stars and the sliver of moon.
Tony snorted. "Fury thinks he owns everyone. It's about time he learned otherwise and, boy, am I going to enjoy teaching him." He suddenly saw a possible yawning chasm in his plans. "Steve, tell me you didn't sign a contract with SHIELD."
He looked hopefully at Tony, who smiled and nodded, guessing that the message had been memorised and that none of his escort spoke English. The man bowed, and led the way down the corridor, the other members of the escort falling in behind.
as the Ferrari reared up in imitation of the prancing horse on its hood and toppled towards the creek.
T'Challa had stopped talking some time ago, and even Tony had fallen silent in the face of his stubborn silence. Or maybe he was talking to his god... they must be getting close to the island now.
No, he had to go back to New York to face her with these facts and suspicions, even if the thought dismayed him.
Fucking hell, this was what Clint meant, Fury's ace-in-the-hole, the bait he had always intended to dangle in front of Captain America. This woman was meant to be a connection to the past. Steve's only connection. How could he resist it?
"Thanks." The water was balm to his throat. He knew better than to gulp it down, but the temptation was strong.
Steve watched the scratched and flickering footage with an expression of disbelief. "Okay," he said. "I admit that guy looks a bit like me, but what he's doing with that... that discus—"
The first thing he noticed was that the shower was still running but he couldn't see Steve through the glass wall of the cubicle. Skidding to a halt, he peered round it.
"He wouldn't, would he?" Jan's expression was sympathetic, but she said, "I wasn't going to but... Steve, Pepper spent over ten years trying to save Tony from himself and failed, totally, even when they were together. The only person who could exercise control over him, and even then only in subtle ways, was his mother. His relationship with his father was, well, complicated."
"She confirmed what you'd said. Did she tell you she'd gotten in deeper than she'd intended with SHIELD while trying to protect you?"
Tony didn't want to think about all Pepper had left. In fact, he wanted to think about anything rather than that. "Steve," he said. "When I woke up earlier I heard you asking for some help from Jarvis and me. I guess we both owe you – so ask away."
"But you'll accept it from soup kitchens, apparently. Steve, I will not let you starve yourself to death. Please, please stay for a while. And at least talk to Vision, even if you won't listen to me."
"It was the Hulk who went through the portal, and even if he turned back into Bruce, as long as he's conscious he can turn back into the Hulk," Hank pointed out, "and the Hulk's not going to lead them there."
"Rhodey told you that too? Well, as it happens, no, I'm not. In fact, even when we were together, marriage wasn't on the table." Or had it been? In Pep's mind, at least? "Not the marrying kind, any more than he is. So I can't help you catch him, babe."
"Do it all the same. You know where the guest rooms are. You and Betty can clean up there. I couldn't find any trace of your luggage – if you had any – but the rooms come equipped with nightwear and all the toiletries you might want. Also, Pepper left some clothes here. They'll be about right for Betty, though they'll swamp Jan. So—"
"Yes. Probably incredibly handsome and capable, half in love with his employer and armed to the teeth. Jan's a qualified pilot, but she'll have ridden shotgun on this one."
"Not that I know about," Tony replied. "Look, are you suggesting that you abandon 'Captain America'? Because I have to say I am not okay with that. Not at all. There's a whole history of heroism that goes with—"
Shuri gasped in surprise – and possibly pleasure, but Steve didn't think so – as T'Challa shouldered his way past Storm and Danvers to glare down at her and ask a plainly angry question in Wakandan.
"Panic is not in his protocols. Pepper might, though, if he tells her he's lost all contact with me. He shouldn't do that for another forty-eight hours. They're not the problem. The problem is that if I can't get him to send the armour I've got no chance of finding the Tiny Hulk, or, if he's no longer tiny, no chance of stopping him."
"Sort of a bathroom. Contains what a British sergeant I used to know referred to as 'the shit facilities.'"
"Charlotte Olympia – and I'm waiting to hear about this miracle. You haven't promised me one of those since ... oh, about midnight last night."
"What?" Tony said, looking at him in surprise. "Is that really bothering you?" He put the tablet to one side and held out his arms. "C'me here."
Thanking whatever power was looking out for genius billionaires for that ready-made excuse, Tony said, "Yeah. And because I came close to having to carry you here. And because you were dead a short time ago."
Tony was lounging in an Eames chair close to the windows, a tablet on his lap, peering at Steve over the top of the reading glasses that he had given up pretending he didn't need.
Iron Man hovered in the air above the mist that lay over the cemetery, the tops of the monuments standing like rocks in a white lake. Captain America stood on his right boot, an arm around his shoulders, feeling slightly light headed.
Feeling unappreciated and annoyed, Tony glared at him, but he guessed this counted as 'in the field' and Steve's orders were always worth following in those circumstances. He nodded curtly, making it clear that he was obeying, under protest, then stomped off to find the promised camp beds.
"We aren't transmitting anything, Tony. We just needed to tune in to the local radio to see what the press are making of the Great Gnome Mystery."
Howard was smiling at him. "It would be a lot to take in, even if you hadn't lost your memory – temporarily, almost certainly."
Reminded, he reached up and took the tiny communicator out of his ear. One of the first things he'd done when the Battle of Manhattan was over had been to tear apart one of the SHIELD earpieces and remake it smaller, neater and
"In far too much detail," Bruce said, putting a too-helpful hand on Tony's shoulder to keep him on the couch as Steve headed for the kitchen.
Steve peered over the top of his head. Storm was staring at an aircraft standing a few feet away – no, two aircraft, one behind the other. They resembled the aircraft used by SHIELD – quinjets, was it? – but were larger and sleeker, with the lines of a modern stealth bomber, though their wings were wider to accommodate to what looked like repulsor projectors.
Steve's eyes were closed, and when Tony lifted an eyelid, the eye inside stared sightlessly back at him. He felt desperately for a pulse, but there was no movement under his fingers.
"We don't know for certain where the Hulk is," Tony said. "But he's probably in the hands of a dangerous unknown enemy who just happens to have control of teleportation portals and some innovative weaponry."
"What the hell happened to my helicarrier, Stark?" Fury demanded, raising his voice to be heard above the din.
Steve raised his head, and the look on his face made Tony's heart skip a beat, then speed into overdrive. There was open adoration there, an intensity of feeling that made Tony's breath catch in his throat.
"He helped me cope," Steve said. "I've never been a solo act, Pepper. I like looking after people and Tony is... interesting."
He rode it. "Ms Potts was doing an excellent job as CEO, as you can see from the figures. Are we all agreed on that? Yes? Well, I want to see if the company can come to an accommodation with her. So I'm asking for time for negotiations to take place."
When it came to getting along with other people, Steve needed no instruction from him. Somehow, before Tony quite understood how it was happening, Steve, with the assistance of Bambi Arbogast, had become his emissary in negotiations with Pepper. Between them, these unlikely allies persuaded her to stay with the job of CEO, though she drove a hard bargain which included the proviso that Tony keep his distance and that her name would, indeed, be on the lease of the next ARC powered office building.
"Anthony Stark," T'Challa said, rising to his feet. "Wakanda thanks you for your assistance in the restoration of its legitimate government, the rout of its enemies and the defeat and capture of the traitors of the Hatut Zeraze. We are aware of the cost to you and extend our condolences. For this service we declare you and your allies friends of Wakanda in perpetuity."
The butt ends of the spear shafts hit the ground in unison with a hollow noise that shook the natural arena and possibly the buildings.
The next four days passed in a dream of pleasure. Even when they weren't naked in bed together, they usually managed to be skin to skin in some way, often just holding hands or cuddling together on the sofa. Tony felt that perhaps Steve had found some peace. Well, he hoped he had found some peace.
Oh, yes, Tony had asked for Jarvis to deploy the Mark 8. Just as well, Steve thought, because the suitcase armour might not have been advanced enough to protect them both from the explosion.
about a band of powerful wizards after the battle of New York, even during a memorably rowdy discussion about
"You can also tell me when you like something," he added, as a concession. "But no means no, for anyone, in any circumstance. Otherwise it's no deal. Promise?"
Painted on its nose was an A overlapping a circle, its crossbar terminating in an arrowhead. The font was that of the A that had been left on Stark Tower at the end of the battle for Manhattan, that was still there as a symbol of the building's new purpose, a statement of intent.
He'd been right; bursting in wearing the armour would have resulted in too many civilian casualties. As it was he had walked right into the sights of a woman in combat gear covering the elevator bank, though she had enough discipline not to fire. Another was watching the doors.
"Okay." Tony shoved himself up on his elbows. "Until I was sixteen I spent most of my time with Dad – I helped run the company, and a lot of our tech was mine. I didn't mix with other kids much. Then Dad died – or we thought he'd died – and I went to live with the Rhodes. But someone had tried to kill us both – had nearly killed me, and I thought they had killed Dad – and our company was being stolen out from under us. The CEO, Obadiah Stane, was using my tech and Dad's to build weapons. Dad had stopped arms production when I was born. He didn't want me to grow up in the shadow of a man who made weapons of mass destruction. Ironic isn't it? Because I built Iron Man and so spawned villains like Titanium Man and Iron Monger and the Mandroids. I didn't build any of them, but they were based on my tech. High school seemed unimportant compared with that. I'm an engineer so I used the battle suit I'd built to equalise the situation."
Tony lifted his head. Steve, with not even a towel to cover, well, anything, was striding across the room.
"We're going," Steve said, because that order was what he had been waiting for. He put the SUV into reverse and, instead of turning, put his foot to the floor and steered it backwards up the hill until out of range of the rifles.
They collapsed onto the long seat under the curving window, mouths locked together, kissing ferociously, hands seeking skin. Deliberately, Steve kneaded the muscles in the small of Tony's back.
"These might." Tony put a pile of printouts and a thumb drive carefully on Pepper's desk. "Production specs for the repulsor lifting gear. You just attach an even number of units to the sides of whatever you want to move. They've got a linked limited AI. No doubt the design department will want to add bells and whistles, which will leave you plenty of time to get the factory in Seattle to tool up, for marketing to put together a dog and pony show, and for you to start discreet negotiations with the military but I need you to hold back on the latter for at least a month."
When he got back to the Tower, he was slightly disappointed to find that Cap had, no doubt under Jarvis's direction, located and donned a black towelling robe which hid all that glorious muscle but did emphasise how fair he was and deepened the colour of his eyes. Tony might be in a committed relationship, but he was still, he was sure, allowed to look.
"No," Steve said. "The Leviathans crash-landed and the Chitauri troops collapsed before I gave the order to close the portal – it was how we knew Tony – Iron Man – had succeeded."
"You haven't heard a word I've said, have you?" Tony snarled, trying for real anger but only managing to fake it through his misery. "You're the last person who should go after Barnes. You must know that. You look at the Winter Soldier, see only Barnes, and your tactics are to let him beat you to a pulp – at the danger of letting hundreds of people die. It nearly got you killed the first time, damn it, and nearly got me killed the last time – both times. Oh, and just so you know, I'm the wrong person too, because of Mom and Dad and Rhodey and, god help me, you. And if you do you'll have the whole of the world's law enforcement on your tail. Again."
Though Steve claimed not to remember those dreams, they were obviously distressing. Not that Tony's own sleep was untroubled.
"Jarvis, keep it down," he ordered, his voice a forceful whisper, afraid of waking Tony, afraid of facing him. "What's this about?"
Steve moved his hand to the back of Tony's head, pulling him into a kiss, then wrapping his arms about him. Tony buried his face in his shoulder and hugged him back, but Steve was unable conceal his sharp intake of breath at the touch.
"Of course we're friends," Steve was horrified. "Working with you has been great, Tony, but my presence puts you in danger. I knew if I explained you'd try to make me change my mind, though I can't imagine why."
"Until I joined the diplomatic service," Ndungu said, with an air of confiding something shameful, "I believed Wakanda to be nothing more than legend, something to give a frisson as you listened to a storyteller round the fire. I was wrong. Wakanda is a real place, a real society. It is why the countries of East Africa threw off the German and British yokes so easily. It is why we are more advanced technologically than other countries in Africa." His mouth twisted. "A gift, apparently, from Wakanda, which is, I am told, more technically advanced than any country in the world, even the one in which we stand. It is not a gift they share very often."
"Please be careful. For Bruce's sake. And I can't afford to lose any of those few friends I have left."
"I am always careful, particularly to make sure my enemies are no longer... able to be enemies," Thor replied, with no emotion in his voice. "I suggest you and the good Captain do the same."
He'd recognised the work of named artists from a distance, but he didn't know how he liked his coffee. It was desperately unsettling.
For once, Tony was proved wrong. An unlocked door opened into a tunnel, some ten feet wide, apparently running beneath the creek. Within fifty yards it started rising. A few feet further on they came across a control panel which Tony immediately recognised as similar to the one that lowered the ramp into the main tunnel leading from outside the valley to the laboratory complex. Seconds later, the wall at the end of the tunnel rolled to one side, and they walked out into the main tunnel to find themselves at the end of the ramp that led up into the storage complex. This was, plainly, the way Howard had used to bring in supplies.
Ah. This he could deal with. Dear John letters and their effect were something he knew about, had learned very quickly as the leader of his disparate band of cutthroats...
Steve was trembling. You couldn't see it, and the hands clasped in his lap were still, but Tony could feel the shake against his arm.
"No. But her name itself was memorable, as was she. Susan Storm. She was doing a Masters when I was in my freshman year."
It felt strangely intimate, just the two of them, sitting with only the table corner between them; strange because he, like all the other residents of the Towe, occasionally took food down to eat with Tony, or Bruce, before Betty had joined him.  Perhaps it was because there was no voice of Jarvis to make a third in the conversation.
With all his security activated behind him, Tony felt a rush of relieved tension as the computer displays came to life and the bots trundled out to greet him.
"You can tell Fury I'm wise to his little tricks." Steve obviously felt he had plumbed the depths of Fury's duplicity and Tony hoped he was right. He suspected that this had been the woman who had been instructed to impersonate Peggy on the phone – and then turn up in person, pretending to be some sort of relative – this Sharon person, presumably. Only Steve hadn't called her. Was that why Fury had called Steve, and only Steve here, so he could form a connection with her? Only it seemed it hadn't worked, Tony thought smugly, as, ignoring the woman, Captain America turned to Iron Man.
Because that was how SHIELD was playing this now. Of course, the World Security Council, the governments they represented and therefore, presumably, SHIELD wouldn't want anyone to know they'd been ready and willing to nuke New York.
She remembered, but from the look on her face she hadn't thought that he did, though she said nothing. She was, he knew, waiting for him to finish lining up his accusations so that she could shoot them down, instead of weakening her position by arguing each detail. He'd have to push harder to break that composure.
He concentrated hard on the voice, on the warm fingers gripping his arms, the strength that seemed to flow into him from them, the need...
But he was also all too aware that Quantum Theory could not be reconciled with Relativity, the infinitesimal with the infinite. On the levels humanity and galaxies existed, space and time were intertwined and measurable, while at quantum levels of size, neither appeared to exist.
"You're only peeved because you didn't build it first," Steve told him. Relieved, he turned towards the woman he had rescued, but as he did so he spotted something unusual moving just above his head. Instantly, he snatched it from the air.
The beam hit the doors, filling the cavern was filled with thunderous noise, everything except the doors themselves shaking as if in an earthquake, throwing down an avalanche of stone from roof and walls.
Tony flinched, but his voice was perfectly normal now as he protested, "Watch it, Rogers. Saving my life doesn't give you licence to cop a feel." His breathing was regular now, too and the ribs beneath cotton and skin hadn't felt broken or even cracked, though Tony was plainly badly bruised. It didn't seem worth pushing it, at the moment at any rate.
Tony began to feel panicked. "General Fury was using her to enlist my co-operation," he said. "If he only wants her for that, she's better off leaving SHIELD now. Though I certainly want a recording of what happens when she confronts him about it."
He hurriedly dropped his hand, all too aware of the heat rising into his face, but he didn't have a chance to stumble through an apology because Jan threw herself at him.
Okoye stared at him in surprise. "I had almost forgotten. Yes, you should go, and quickly. It will be at the vibranium mine – for all we know they are stealing our wealth even as we stand here."
With those words, memory came flooding back: riding through White Plains on his way to Yonkers, the police sirens, the screaming, parking the bike at the edge of chaos, snatching up his shield and running to help, the flying blades slicing heads and limbs, nothing – flesh and bone and granite and concrete and steel – slowing them down, one youth cut in half in front of his eyes. He'd used his shield to fend them away, the vibranium steel alloy proving effective in a way nothing else had done, to help those few survivors out of the building. Going back inside had been a mistake, and he'd thought he might not get out again. Just in time, Iron Man had arrived and the team forged in repelling attacks by renegades, aliens and gods was immediately in place.
"None of us expect to die," Steve pointed out while doing some quick mental arithmetic. "But he must have been in his seventies."
"Stark, your reactor destroyed my helicarrier." The 'what are you gonna do about it?' was left unspoken.
"Meanwhile, how are you feeling? Not that I'm not in awe of the effects of Erskine's serum, but should you be out of bed?"
"Fine," Tony said, coughing water. "C'n swim... better than... you can." He pulled away from Steve, swam to the edge of the pool and climbed out, appropriating Steve's fallen towel.
The flattened notes of an unknown (to Steve) melody from a cell phone promptly broke the mood, whatever the mood had been.
"Still unable to locate anything even on the infra-red sensors except the odd crocodile, sir, and no land to speak of. If I go lower, my sensors are blocked by interference."
There was no mist. The image was clear in his mind as if he was seeing it with his eyes: it was Tony, yet a Tony who was constantly changing, tall and short, now a even younger Tony than the one he knew, now with lines around his eyes and grey at his temples, eyes blue and grey and even a dark brown, clean shaven, with a hairline moustache like his father's, with a short beard, there in an instant and gone at once, in the armour, so many different types of armour, in business suits, in jeans and tee-shirt, in some sort of uniform with far too much white about it to be suitable, with strange device after strange device buried in his chest, and it was followed by older, stranger images...
He rolled over and onto one elbow, stifling a yelp as, for a moment his vision fogged with unexpected pain.
"He should be at his full strength within a few days, according to my mother. For the moment, though, he needs your care rather than your anger."
White Wolf spoke again, and this time Okoye drew a sharp breath. "Captain – Steve – he is going to prove the heart-shaped herb's efficacy by showing that T'Challa can ingest it but an outsider cannot. He accuses Mr Stark of blasphemy, of plotting against Wakanda, the Panther Tribe and the Panther God, and of bribing my Lord to allow him to produce artificial vibranium in defiance of the Panther god and against the interests of Wakanda. For this... for this he says that Mr Stark is sentenced to death, and that all this will be proved when he... when he eats the heart-shaped herb... Captain, he will die. And if the outsider's drug works... Hunter will triumph and my Lord will never live to regain his wits." She made a move forward, but Steve held her back. "Wait."
And (Ooh God, Pepper, I love you) Pepper had, without being asked, anticipated him and intercepted Fury.
"In the workshop," Jarvis said, with an air of satisfaction that suggested that that had been what he was aiming for all along.
Steve shook his head. "Fury drops by occasionally. I'm pretty sure they keep a watch on me, but it's not usually this overt."
"Thank you," Steve said dryly. "You too, Betty. Before the police arrest you both for being in breach of California's carry laws."
Tony heard nothing, but Thor plainly did, for after a short pause he continued, "That does not matter to me. If the Allfather did not choose to pursue you then, I doubt he will do so now. But you may have to answer to me..." The voice was very close now.
Howard took his time about answering and Tony just knew he was phrasing his answer in response to the note of panic in his own voice. "He's having trouble connecting with his past – with the records of his past. The superhero stuff."
"In this hidden lab I have stored the original Vita-ray equipment and its design specifications. Everyone thinks I destroyed it, but I couldn't bring myself to do it, even though all my experiments show that, without the serum, it has no discernible effect. Now, though... now I no longer trust my own judgement. I'm putting my faith in yours."
"Of course. She said that you were a very polite young man – that's good for a ninety-something old man, right? – and that you ate a lot and had better taste in art than I do."
if anyone else tries," Tony reassured him. "The damages I demand are going to be enormous. They may fund the Avengers for the next ten years. Okay, Jarvis, let's have the rest of it."
Tony must have heard it anyway, because he said, "I trust you. But then I trusted Pep – and they're not all
However, he was just pleasantly buzzed when she appeared at his elbow, her glare dislodging the half dozen field agents (and boy, did Fury pick 'em for their looks or what?) who had been listening to him with gratifying attention. The hand gripping his arm tightened alarmingly when he resisted her pull towards the door. Next, no doubt, it would be the stiletto on his foot, though why she thought crippling him would make him walk faster defied normal logic...
Tony gave a wonderful impression of a bird whose feathers had been ruffled; neck lifted and chin down, hair seeming to bristle. "I – am – not – kind. Playboys don't do kindness. It's not in the job description."
"No they aren't. HUD is dark..." Even as he spoke, Tony realised if that the problem wasn't electronic, it could be biological.
Steve bit back his retort. He should have realised how wound-up Tony was, recognised the tension, fear and guilt that was prompting this ... what was the modern term?... 'inappropriate behaviour'? But he couldn't deal with it now, not when their Wakandan warrior was watching them with a faint air of amusement. Instead he said, deadpan, "Okay, suit yourself." That made Tony laugh, defusing the tension. He shed both jackets, then reached for the buttons of the outer of the two shirts he was wearing.
Bruce considered the suggestion with his usual gravity. "Yes," he said at last, "I rather think I do. Also, I'm worried about the fact that Tony was in Seattle when that creature appeared there."
"Oh," Steve said again, feeling totally deflated. He'd misread everything, misread Tony. The remaining anger was draining away, leaving nothing but the guilt and shame. "And I... What I did to you— Christ, why are you still talking to me?"
"We were supposed to meet up," Bruce said. "When we got here the windows of his apartment were dark. Tony armoured up and went to take a look. He broke in and the place exploded. I take it you didn't see anything, Tony?"
"None of which explains why you're here – why the Avengers are involved," but Storm sounded far less aggressive. "If they are."
"In addition, he told me Washington's buzzing with rumours. Hurricanes don't just come to a grinding halt for hours, then suddenly change course and head off into the Atlantic, where they fizzle out. Add in the reports of both Thor and Iron Man seen separately heading into the storm—"
"Thank you for the loan of the apartment, sir, but I think it's time I moved on. And right now my only concern is my injured team-mate."
"And now you're accusing me of trying to murder you for your money. What happened to you in Africa, Tony? Brainwashing?"
He certainly hadn't been capable of undressing himself, so Steve must have done it... and he wasn't sure, right at this minute whether he was annoyed about that or the fact that Steve had left him his boxers, which sorta diminished the hotness and he shouldn't be thinking that being undressed by Captain America was hot, even if he hadn't woken up—
"Convince a Federal judge that you have reason under law to demand a warrant, then we'll talk," Roberta said. "Meanwhile, you undoubtedly have a sample of Captain America's DNA – I intend to subpoena you to produce it so we can compare it with that of any man you claim to be him, and we'll have an answer as to who he is or is not once and for all. But that does not mean we will hand anyone who is not a criminal over to you."
Tony abruptly dropped his hands. "And exhaust yourself even more carrying its weight? That's supposed to be better? Steve, please don't make me order Jarvis to keep you confined here."
"And, Steve, if you're listening, no jumping out of the plane like you did on that pirate caper – you'll hit terminal velocity and I'm not kiddin' about the terminal. Iron Man out."
His suit computer responded to his order, activating the infrared sensors, searching for a man – a super soldier – with an abnormally high body temperature.
"No, let him be, Steve," Jan said firmly. "You were right – Jim Rhodes is vulnerable, a career officer who is considered too close to Tony and blamed by some folks at the Pentagon for 'letting' Tony quit the arms industry. The fact that he's also African-American is a... disadvantage... in dealing with some people too. Tony knows all this, and will remember it when he gets control of his temper."
been played, that Ultron actually came from the Mind Stone. And we got the Vision. And without Vision, Ultron would still be in play, and none of us would be.
Tony might have scoffed at this extraordinary claim, save that the Wakandan was now weaving them through the jumble of trees and vines at blinding speed. He was glad he couldn't see much of what was around them.
He could see the haze over LA now, below and to his left, and he adjusted his course slightly to swing out over the Pacific. He had timed it just right: the sun was sinking low, laying down dazzling light on the waves.
A silver-coloured humanoid figure, superficially like the Iron Man but not, in fact, like it at all, was pacing the Ferrari, some forty feet above it. Tony grinned to himself, then lifted one hand from the wheel and gave the figure a wave.
"And I told you it didn't make a difference. Why do you think Jarvis and I had this set up? We suspected the Avengers would attract the wrong kind of attention. That room – built to hold anything up to the Hulk, with Bruce's advice – was the first thing I put in when we started rebuilding. I don't know what this bunch want from you, Cap, but after the eStarkStore incident it's clear
There was an uncomfortable pause. This time, Steve knew better than to try to fill it. Tony was plainly on a roll.
Already, the interior was seriously spooky as the unibeam reflected from clouds of mud particles. He tried to treat it as some weird computer game, that should have made the occasional body floating in the water easier to deal with. When their guts weren't floating beside them, that was.
"You mean trust your robots not to lose it? No, Tony. And the armour will draw attention to this place."
Storm muttered something that sounded like, "Too early," but Steve persisted, hauling him to his feet and hustling him into the aisle.
At least the suit computer had warned him to close his eyes when he had fired the unibeam at full power.
"Tony invited T'Challa to join the Avengers," Jan said. "He accepted, on the basis that we could call on each other in need."
"So Howard said. Tell him we want to see him soon, Tony. We miss both of you." She slapped her hand on the roof of the SUV, and Tony gunned the engine.
Steve heard harsh breathing, then a voice, much higher pitched than the Hulk's usual growl, saying, "Giant Cap help Hulk?"
Except for something he shouldn't have, memories of Tony that seemed to belong to more than one person...
Steve put his hands on his knees and leant his weight on them. He took time to catch his breath. "Who the hell are these people? And why were they trying to break in here?"
The Ferrari lay upside down at the bottom of the arroyo as the War Machine swooped towards it. Tony saw the guns click out, and curled into a ball, covering his ears with his hands as the incendiaries hit the gas tank.
" And now, she said, I'd started bringing home friends who were just as destructive and obsessed as I was without even asking her... I'd acquired one too many obsessions, apparently. Final straw, and all that." Tony drained the highball glass. "I knew she'd leave me eventually. Everyone does, if not always voluntarily. Where's the bottle—?" Steve caught movement out of the corner of his eye and was halfway to his feet with his shield out of its case when confronted with the sight of one of Tony's attendant robots, which seemed to consist of a metal arm on wheels, waving the whisky bottle in its ... hand? Pincers?
Bruce – in his new Hulk form – had had to resort to reason and Strange's prophecy to get the Ancient One to lend him the Time Stone. If Hulk couldn't defeat her, what chance did he have in this debilitated state of defeating a room full of Stranges?
"Ha! Malibu is not LaLa land – it's much worse," Tony told her. "And you can never interrupt, so don't apologise. I never do."
"Then invite him up, feed him my best Bourbon – which appears to be his drink of choice – and try to find out. Or maybe you'd better get Jan to do it."
The voice brought a rush of relief sweeping through him, along with warmth and attraction. Not that any of those made sense.
"We rescued each other," Shuri said seriously. Steve was sure that, despite her youth, no one but Natasha could match her poise. "But my brother will, I am sure, reward you for allowing us to complete it."
As they started towards it, mental alarms began blaring through the pleasant alcoholic haze. There was something wrong about Happy's position in the front seat, about the fact that he was not already out of the car with the passenger door open for them
"I know little more than I have told you. But the future of this branch of the time stream is not what it was before, and new possibilities are opening at every moment. And you came here for my help." For the first time, the Ancient One looked at where Steve lay unconscious on the couch. "Firstly, we will do our best to look after your friend, and then—"
Tony did not look at him. "Holding my breath," he said shortly. "More than that just isn't your business, Steve."
"Of course." Tony signalled for T'Challa to follow him, and the two of them hurried into a corner of the parking lot.
Howard sighed. "I suspect that conversation isn't going that well. Though it is time Tony faced up to having to deal with relationships. He went along with Pepper, who's in love with him, or thinks she is, because that was the easiest thing to do. So he needs to face the consequences, however painful they are."
Some of that paperwork – and it would be paper – might still exist somewhere, though his father had somehow gotten his hands on most of it and Jarvis had wiped all the computer records. He didn't think these guys had any of it.
There was pause while Pepper digested that 'we're both' and its implications. Then she asked, "Has he told you—?"
"Yes, Ms Van Dyne." Jarvis's voice from the air made everyone except Steve and Jan herself jump. "The express elevator will be with you shortly."
He still didn't feel good about it but the dizziness receded as he wolfed down the candy bars. He also took the first aid kit for later use, and the currency which was, well, just bills with unknown faces on them. He could read the figures, though.
"Sir," Jarvis said urgently. "The vehicle was a diversion. Seven contacts, all reading baseline human, are making their way towards the portal."
"There was something outside – above the lake – a moving light. It looked like it was heading for—" He paused as realisation hit him. "It looked like it was heading for the cemetery."
"...so, that's the situation," Steve said, having laid out the options in as few and simple words as possible. Tony found himself reluctantly impressed. "The final decision remains mine and Tony's, but—"
"Nope. Let's try the back door first." Tony banked towards the sheer crags on the southern face of the mountain. And there was the outcrop that looked like a crouching bat, wings folded, and, above it, three twisted trees.
"As a consultant. Technical consultant. Same as Dad did. And with the helicarrier at the bottom of the Sound I can't be held to repair or upgrade it."
"Thank you," Tony said quietly. "Cap has a healing factor, but it doesn't seem to the working right now."
"Supposedly to see Dad, but letting him realise I was trying to find information about Bruce, while actually—"
"Tony," Steve said, in gentle rebuke. "I'm sorry, Agent Carter, but, as you can see, I didn't need your help. That's been clear for a while. So what was I supposed to do? Fall for you because you look exactly like Peggy?"
"Between the explosion and the Hulk, every electronic circuit in the place has been blown," Tony told him. "We're out of touch with the outside world."
"Hailing frequencies open, sir," the AI said, with more ennui than Nichelle Nichols could possibly have managed even in one of her most bored moment.
Tony was unfazed, his eyes still on the tablet, fingers flying over virtual keys. "I sank her most potent weapon, she sank me in return," he said offhandedly. "But she was already in flight and didn't stop to make sure. We both got away. Pretty much a draw."
The partnership of Iron Man and Captain America – whatever he or the US government wanted the public to call him – dealt firmly with previously untouchable mobsters, stopped a minor war between two megalomaniacal (and oil rich) dictators and eliminated an outbreak of piracy in the Gulf of Mexico.
"If that is the War Machine armour then you can't damage it with a handgun – even a Stark handgun," he pointed out.
Steve ignored this persiflage. "If these reports are to be believed the whole continent is swarming with unknown beasts. I'm surprised you don't have one as a pet."
"But it stacks up Stark Industries against a lot of powerful enemies. Natasha has a scary list of them."
The woman was not, as Tony had expected, Chinese or Tibetan; her features were too angular, with no encephalic folds. Right now they were expressionless, but her eyes, green as the Time Stone, pale as her skin, were as cold as frost on grass. They were full of the pain of knowledge and, perhaps, an intellect that matched his own.
He was desperately vulnerable without the armour. Except Tony was wearing the backpack that he had said contained the armour and was carrying it as if it weighed nothing. Tony, according to Howard, had himself been enhanced by something called Extremis.
For that he would need Tony's help, couldn't imagine solving the problem without that brilliant mind working on it. Only telling him what he believed would be stabbing him to the heart.
And there had been times, recently, when his old instincts had started to stir, to suggest that there was something trailing him in the shadows.
Tony felt a surge of rage at the defiling of that perfect body. "What the hell happened to you?" he snarled.
I believe you – and I wouldn't trust you if God himself appeared to verify what you're saying – then you still haven't plugged that leak in your organisation."
There was no flash, no impact of a lightning strike, but in that instant, the readings on the HUD and Tony's view of the world blinked out.
"He was," the Ancient One said, seemingly unconcerned, but she rose to her feet in a swirl of robes. "We all need to think carefully about what is to be done and how it can be done. Ring for tea. We shall be back shortly." She signaled to Tony and Natasha to follow her and swept out of the room.
"She didn't ask about the artefact specifically, but she did ask if you and I were in touch. I thought she was playing away and didn't want you to know. I'm sorry."
"It's as far as I'll go in compromise, Steve," he said. "Either that or I'm going to pick you up and carry you."
"I'm not worried about either you or Happy," Gene retorted, but he was also smiling. "I am annoyed about you not warning me you were tussling with Yogthulu."
"But not his memories. All I have are traces of memory of you or someone like you that I can't even access without the help of a telepath. And the real Captain America was brain dead. Something happened, Tony, to put my mind in his body. I need to find out who did it."
"Ah, yes, the half-as-strong-twice-as-angry version of the Hulk the World Security Council wanted on the Avengers Initiative," Tony said. Then: "Yes, yes, lieutenant, I'm listening," to someone whose voice Steve couldn't hear, presumably on another frequency. Local law enforcement, Steve supposed, though he had no idea what organisation that might be.
"No? Tell me you haven't got your shield. And that's the Harley Dad built for you. I've taken out SHIELD's bugs by the way—"
Surfacing at last, the fugitive – who still wasn't sure what he was a fugitive from – shook water from eyes that stung with mud and salt. He had already swallowed too much of it, and his mouth tasted foul in the aftermath. Behind him, the bulk of what-ever-it-was that had crashed with him was submerged, and what remained above the surface was close-to-invisible in the darkness.
Steve snuggled as close as he could. He'd huddled for warmth in the Alpine cold with members of the Howling Commandos often enough, and been grateful for the protection of battledress and blankets, for the most part. Now he was naked, the sheets smooth and sensuous against his skin, as was Tony's T-shirt against his cheek. Not as sensuous though, as Tony's calloused hands on his back, skin on skin, the softer brush of the hair on his arms, his own skin ultra-sensitive to every touch, every small movement magnified, each nerve ending seemingly connected straight to his groin. He was suddenly very glad that the lower part of his body was hidden under the sheets.
Pepper was chewing on her lower lip, a sure sign of her distress. "SHIELD's been keeping you alive, not trying to kill you."
The shock of sexual desire which shot straight to stomach and groin was unexpected – and unacceptable.
"Someone should have told all of us – all the Avengers – that. And a lot of other things. SHIELD edited the files they gave me to paint Bruce, Thor and particularly Tony in the worst possible light. I expect the ones Tony and Bruce got were carefully edited as—""
"If I told you, it wouldn't be a secret. Besides, it's for the Avengers." Tony ruffled Steve's hair with one hand and abstracted a slice of toast from his plate with the other while Steve was making vague gestures of protest. He swept out in satisfied silence.
Maybe what had thrown him earlier was that Pepper looked so grown-up. It was certainly a contrast to the way she had looked when he had escorted her to the Tomorrow Academy High School prom – and then abandoned her for an emergency that had needed Iron Man. Today she had stalked out of the elevator in a designer dress, immaculate make-up that hid her hated freckles and four-inch heels. Well, she was going to get a shock if she thought they would make her taller than him.
Steve's heart unaccountably started racing as Tony reached into the bag with his left hand and drew out a rectangular object about eighteen inches long. It appeared to be made of dull blue metal, inlaid with inscriptions or possibly simply designs in what could have been oxidised copper. Near each end was a circle or button, one green, one blue, each about an inch in diameter, set flush with the metal. Beyond that, the artefact narrowed and changed from a square section to a circular one, in what might have been handgrips and would certainly serve as them.
"That's one of the reasons she's never liked me," Jan said gently, "though she managed to hide it well enough when we only met maybe a couple of times a year and usually had a whole continent between us."
The young woman grinned at him, threw the drapes wide, disconnected the alarm system with an ease that screamed both long practice and electronic expertise, and opened the window.
"No flag, just slapped some stickers on it: property of the USAF," the engineer replied promptly, disconcerting Tony, who had come to the conclusion that Rhodey's sense of humour was pretty much unique amongst middle to higher rank military.
"This is where I worked," Iron Man corrected, no emphasis in the distorted voice, "and it's where I'm going to work for the next few hours. Go to bed, Cap. Up the spiral steps, two flights. I'm sure Ann-Marie bought you some pyjamas – at least, I asked her to."
Tony called Virgil Potts from inside the stealth armour, which did not make him feel any safer or less acutely nervous.
But Tony had been kind to him, rescued him, taken him in, and accepted him without question. So had Howard. Why had he trusted the son from the first while he still felt uneasy about the father?
It was not Tony but their driver who responded. "Well observed. Open the side locker and you will find bows and arrows, if you can use them."
While Steve had had to admire the way Tony had sneakily passed on the first aid chores to the security guards, in order to distract them from investigating the arroyo or what Iron Man was doing in it, he was not about to let him get away with sidelining him again. The first time had been annoying enough, even though he would have been of little use to Tony in the dark, as he didn't have a personal light in his chest and an armoured suit to protect him. Nor could he let Tony know how much pain he was in right now, any more than he had then.
"It convinced me that you came by your vibranium honestly, if in a manner disturbing for our security." The Panther paused, then added, "It seemed that we were in danger of being overtaken by your new technology, of losing the advantage that being a source of natural vibranium could give us. I... the King and his Council began to consider whether we should approach you to offer to supply your vibranium ourselves."
There was silence for a while, except for the dull clack of the keyboard. During it, Steve systematically searched the room, growing more and more puzzled as he failed to find what he was looking for.
"You were caught in the shock wave, Mr Stark. We can't let you fly until the doctors have certified you're fit to pilot the suit."
But, suddenly, Jan was standing in front of him, her hands fisted in his shirt. "You can't go, Steve. Tony would never forgive either of us – and you can't put yourself in the hands of the men who intended to sell your dead body."
"That's the point. I don't know. But they're hostile. Like Alien queen hostile. So if you should happen to reconstruct it, call me before you switch it on. You never know what might be on the other side – including an angry Hulk."
Hill's dark eyes fixed on his face. "But that's not why Fury asked me to talk to you. That's more about these... space-dragons—"
"Of course I mean someone other than me," Tony said, with dignity. "What's more, unlike me, they didn't do it the first night when SHIELD had so much on its plate. They did it when the whole area was under close guard."
Encouraged, Tony went on, "Well, you do make me feel like a horny eighteen-year-old, though right now it's more like a horny eighty-year-old. Something to do with being dragged out of an exploding Ferrari and rolling down a hillside. Is this what you call sympathy, Rogers?"
Tony jumped out of the driver's seat and peered over his sunglasses at them. "Don't you kids have classes?"
It was at that moment that Pepper kicked his ankle, which he wouldn't have been able to feel if she hadn't been wearing armour too. As it was, the noise made all three of them jump and every person in the office look up from their phones. It was only then that Tony realised that the room had been silent for some time as everyone listened to their conversation.
"For what it's worth, I didn't think much of Captain America when I first met him but Steve Rogers converted me."
"No, I didn't." Janet smiled impishly at Steve. "I'm making too much money from it." Her brow wrinkled. "Steve Rogers? Are you kidding me, Tony?"
"But I am of this universe. As are you. As is my uncle Dormammu. He may not love me, but he would regard an attack on me as a grave insult to the Dark Dimension."
"When I tell you not to touch something, you don't touch it!" Tony yelled. He had to shove his hands in his pockets to stop himself hitting Pepper – and when had he wanted to hit any of his friends? Leave alone Pep?
"I swear we didn't know. We weren't even sure that there really was a terrorist arms dump, but Barton and Romanoff insisted on going in because of Stark's connection to the Ten Rings—"
"He sees all things, including this strange weather. The Rainbow Bridge is recently repaired, and I needed but my father's permission to come to your aid. When I heard the villain boasting he had slain you, I feared that had taken too long."
"The girl was probably Whitney," Tony said. "She must have stolen the ring to try and make up for not finding the artefact. Did you tell her I had it? She turned up at home with a Doombot in tow. Dad and Steve destroyed that one and took her into custody."
"You tell me the temperature you require and the force of the spray, sir, what shower gel or shampoo you require, and when you wish the spray switched on and off. In this case, might I suggest a temperature of 105 degrees Fahrenheit, with a medium strength spray working up to strong, with perhaps a half-second cold pulse when you require it? I will make sure that the spray is directed away from your wound."
Tony's eyebrows shot up, probably because Steve had, almost from the beginning, been excused from following the 'don't hand me things rule' but he switched it on, and rested it on his knees as it booted.
"No you don't," Steve said. "You need Captain America. And I can't be him anymore. I won't sign the Accords, Tony. I can't, and if you have to wait on the UN to approve your strategy, you're going to lose."
"Vanish?" Tony raised an eyebrow. "Aren't they a bit big to be looted? I know half the locals have grabbed guns or those air-sleds as souvenirs and I suspect there are dead Chitauri bodies in quite a few freezers. If you need to track any of those down I'd look on e-Bay. Mind you, I wouldn't put anything past—"
For a few moments, a few tight breaths, it seemed that nothing would happen, then something moved in the dim light of the ARC reactor, and a brighter, yellower glow spilled out from a widening doorway. Before Tony could say anything Steve was already in front of him, outlined against the light, stepping forward with complete confidence into whatever lay beyond.
Steve thought about it. "If this one of Tony's houses then Jarvis – his computer butler – will be awake and aware of us, even if Tony himself is half a world away," he said. "Guess he recognised you."
Jan shuddered elaborately. "So eighties, darling. Cutie over there took him down." She nodded to where Okoye was crouched beside T'Challa, who was sitting on the steps of the temple." She was speaking urgently to him in Wakandan but he did not seem to hear her.
Steve sighed. He knew that that reflection of his own arrogance would provoke Tony and, indeed, as soon as he had extracted himself, his partner glared at their rescuer, who had turned in his seat and was watching them with a faint air of amusement.
The woman standing behind Howard – Roberta? – stepped forward. "You did not come here looking for a dead body," she pointed out, her voice soft but assured. It occurred to Steve that it was a voice that would lull you into a false sense of security, if you happened to be opposed it its owner.
"Damn right you'll show them to me," Steve snapped, each word bitten out in controlled anger, a voice of command. "I want to know everything. What you know of my – of Captain America's past, about SHIELD, about Fury, about this Doom character. I need to know what I'm in the middle of here."
Happy, bless him, drove directly into Tony's private garage from which Steve took the equally private elevator to the penthouse. He was squelching towards the guest suite he had been occupying, when the door to his left – the door to Tony's bedroom, though he had never been through it – opened and a woman's voice said, "Tony, is that—oh."
Tony lay along one of the penthouse's long leather sofas, head pillowed on a cushion, eyes closed, a glass containing the remains of a small brandy and large soda – a compromise finally agreed with Bruce – balanced on his chest and listened to his team-mates chew over the puzzling events of the day.
"You were the man in Washington, the one who hacked my systems!" Tony exclaimed, half in anger, half in admiration and wholly as a distraction because Steve could not answer without giving away his identity.
Steve changed his grip, bringing up the shield to protect himself and Jan, who was still perched on his shoulder.
"And maybe that would be true, sir. I'm sorry. All the same, I didn't do anything that could be taken as dumping her. Not without a lot of imagination."
"Hi, Bruce, how's it going?" he asked, when his friend's image appeared. "Pleased with your presents?"
Suddenly, the cliff was illuminated, the edges of the rocks sharp against the shadows of the clefts and in the deepest of those shadows shone a brighter rectangle that could only be a door.
It was not an argument Steve could deal with right now, but it told him something astonishing about Tony's feelings for him. He said: "If you feel like that, why did you reject me last night?" and if his voice wobbled a little, it was no more than Tony's had done.
Steve was shaking his head. "We don't want a fight where civilians might get hurt. Or where Bruce has to call out the Hulk."
"Stay down," Okoye ordered. "When I go ashore it will mean that the last of the stragglers have landed on the beach. Wait for three hundred breaths, then follow me. I might pass for a member of the Panther tribe, but you could not even pass for White Wolf himself."
Everything had gone with such astonishing smoothness, from the traffic jam-less drive to LAX with Jan at the wheel, being waved through various security checks, his SI pass opening the way to the refuelled Gulfstream G650 waiting for them (thanks to Jarvis's good offices) to the easy way Danvers had obtained all the clearances they needed, filed a flight plan, and obtained permission to land at Travis, apparently without a single bureaucratic delay, that Steve had been waiting for something to go wrong.
Tony called to the armour, relief flowing through him as it responded. But he diverted it so, instead of encasing him, it enfolded Steve, except for the other gauntlet, which flew to Tony's bare hand.
What was becoming clear was that Ross had had nothing to do with the attempts on his own life. He was only interested in Steve and Bruce – or rather, Captain America and the Hulk. He had had no access to War Machine and, indeed, seemed to have had no contact with the Air Force on any level. Looked like his masters were intent on not invoking inter-service rivalry. Or perhaps Ross was outside the chain of command, and was only a customer of their mysterious enemies.
There is a Stark City.  It is in Missouri and has a population that would hardly qualify it as a village!
The one really good thing about waking up in this time and place. Except, it was one more complication, one more thing that he was almost certainly going to lose.
"Well, let's send someone else. New York's no longer in danger, right? Can either the Widow or Hawkeye fly a plane?"
A man's voice, with a different accent, though still in English: "Is that possible – within the terms of modern scientific medicine, that is?"
Tony's panic only increased. "Whitney was here? What happened to her mask? If she has access to it she'll—?"
A breath later, and the armour impacted on the tower roof in Tony's normal knee down landing position, jarring every bone in his body. It ground forward a foot, a yard, then groaned to a halt.
Pepper turned to look at him directly. "Steve, he wouldn't understand that. The money's not even small change to him. What is important to him are the Avengers. He isn't willing to let go of you all anymore than he's willing to let go of Iron Man. What's more he's never liked SHIELD or Director Fury; keeping you, Natasha and Clint Barton off SHIELD's payroll is another way of thumbing his nose at both. He'd've tried to detach Phil, too, if he'd still been alive. And if he could bring Thor back from Asgard, he would."
He remembered Mallen, a glowing, zombie-like creature at the end of SHIELD's last failed super-soldier experiment. Not to mention the Mandroids, made by Justin Hammer from the tech he had stolen, purchased and still used by Fury, who knew all of that.
Tony's priority task was to discover if they were actually fighting the Presidential incumbent, the opposition nominee or whether both were innocent victims – and there was one place where he might learn just that.
Steve decided to laugh but he was confused enough for it to come out of a giggle. "One... of the Warriors Three."
"I only wish it was, but Cap and I saw it in operation today. Maybe that was how those 'leviathans' vanished from Manhattan."
"They feel... different," Tony observed, grinning. "Let's go get coffee and maybe send for takeout and I'll explain."
The pain was intense. He screamed and Extremis screamed with him. All contact with the electronic world was lost. The lab vanished, his body vanished and he was stretched into darkness. He was multitudes, each one battering against his mind, searching across the cosmos, yearning, lost and lonely...
Over the next couple of months Steve was treated to the spectacle of a Tony Stark he had not known existed, a whirlwind of a businessman and engineer, who orchestrated counter-attacks on government, the military, the judiciary and Wall Street with surprising skill and obvious glee.
And the Hulk leaped, not at Tony and Jan, but into the temple. The two men dropped Steve and ran towards the blue light.
"No, I haven't killed him, but he won't wake up for a while. I had to hit him hard; he's a tough cookie."
"I thought you and Miss Potts were ..." What? Engaged? Miss Potts did not wear a ring. "That she was your ..." He had a feeling that 'mistress' was almost certainly offensive. He'd heard 'significant other' which sounded ridiculous. "That she was your special girl."
"Well, that's a bummer," Tony agreed. "Because they're gaining on us. And we've no way to fight back."
"Oh." Tony's voice was little more than a whisper. Then, surprisingly, he laughed. "But you were, weren't you?" He thrust upwards, rubbing pre-cum against the inside of Steve's thighs. "Good, because now I can feel a little better about being insanely jealous of a woman who's been dead for fifteen years."
When Tony had decided that privatising World Peace wasn't enough to atone for Stark Industries sixty-odd years of arming the governments of the world and their more unsavoury agencies, and that providing clean energy for everyone at minimal cost would more than compensate for the actions of his father and himself, he had not foreseen that the personal cost would be being harangued by politicians and businessmen alike. The vested interests now were running scared of the miniaturised ARC reactors or wanted a slice of the pie.
"Right and justice and international law," Tony retorted. "And I was invited in." He carefully neglected to mention by whom. "Right now I'm trying to save your lives and stave off an international incident. So put down your fucking weapons because you would be outnumbered and outgunned even if I weren't here. Put them down, fuck it, if you don't want to die, because otherwise I can't save you."
The Panther chuckled. "No need to be so delicate, Captain. Two years before I was born, a plane crashed on the borders of Wakanda. The only survivor was a baby boy, only a few weeks old. My father and mother adopted him. In all the ways that count, he is my brother and his loyalty to the country and our people is unquestioned." Apparently feeling that this was the last word on the matter, he leaped out of the vehicle and strode over to a hitherto unnoticed stack of ... somethings ... covered by tarpaulins.
He heard Steve yell, "Tony!" With what he supposed was his last thought, as Yogthulu reared up, tentacles brushing the rafters of the double height room, Tony set the armour to respond to Steve. He faced the monster, hands raised, palms out, though he knew he didn't have enough power to do anything more than irritate it.
Thor listened to Tony's story without speaking, but his eyes changed from their normal sky blue to something dark and, well, thunderous; bright fire flickered in their cold, iron-grey depths.
"Same way Thor is a god, probably. But how the hell did you get – or even think of getting – to that airstrip? From hicksville Oklahoma?"
Steve crouched in the well of the boat, the hood on his stolen robe thrown over his head, as the sailboat bounced across the lake, Okoye at the tiller. He used to feel vaguely seasick even on the ferries, but the serum had taken care of that. What he had not expected was how noisy the craft was, as the bow crashed into the waves that lifted under the rising wind, with the sails slapping and the rigging clattering. Voices called to each other ahead of them.
The Panther was unsurprised. "I did not expect to fool you entirely, but though I am T'Challa, son of T'Chaka, Black Panther, Chief and High Priest of the Panther tribe, I do not, currently, rule Wakanda. No one does. And I was never
It was deep into the night now, and the lake was masked by a thick layer of mist, no longer reflecting the stars or the thin moon that had risen above the mountains. It dimmed the lights of the houses and hotels, and the navigation lights were completely lost. The lake might have swallowed them.
"I'm in the suit," Tony pointed out. "Fastest way to get there, and even you can't cling to the suit all the way across the continent, Cap. We haven't got any other transport – at least, none that wouldn't mean one hell of a delay getting it to you."
He had just tripped over a root when Steve caught his arm, raising a finger to his lips, then pointing at the buildings below.
Happy pulled to a stop a few feet away, and jumped out of the driver's seat to open the door for Pepper. Tony's heart skipped a few beats. Pepper was wearing a white suit with a short tight skirt – it was one of his favourites – and her exit from the limo provided him with a perfect view of her long and lovely legs.
"Sorry, Pep. No more time." Tony cut contact and glared about him at his fellow Avengers. "What's going on? What's happening with Cap and Jan?"
He shifted onto his knees – or rather, tried to. He yelped, and collapsed on top of Steve, but that hurt even more.
After all, he couldn't leave it here, where it might fall in someone else's hands. If it was stolen, Gene would probably try to kill him; given the power of the Makluan rings in the Mandarin's hands, he was likely to succeed. It was better that no one else even saw it until he knew exactly what it did. That project would also give him something interesting to work on over the next couple of weeks.
"No one's dead, and no one has to die," Hennis growled in his ear. "Not if you cooperate. Now, let's go find Rogers."
"Except my private jet dodging UFOs right outside Frisco," Tony said. "It's apparently all over the internet. Or so Pepper says."
"—use microscopic amounts of both and not on the helicarrier. Try a reinforced bunker, and don't let anyone inside it when you do it."
"I'm calling a truce," Steve said calmly. "We have to talk this out, but not right now. You need your bed, and I'll sleep in that reclining chair of yours, if that's what you really want. God knows it isn't what—" Steve cut himself off as he saw Tony's eyes narrow.
Steve noted approvingly that she had no doubts about their ability to deal with the guards. "Perhaps none. If it's like the last one I encountered, it has its own self-destruct system. Maybe we can trigger it from this side."
"Sorry," Tony said, without any hint of repentance. "I had other business, but I'm glad you called. Please thank your minions on the way they dealt with the little burst of misinformation last night."
Unfortunately, much as he wanted to race onshore and search for Tony, Steve knew she was talking good sense. He nodded curtly and she scrambled away towards the prow.
T'challa was grinning, wide and happy. Maybe he could read Tony's thoughts. "You will keep me informed of your progress tracing the kidnappers."
Steve's face twisted in a bitter grimace. "No, it's lucky I'm not calling myself Captain America anymore. Isn't it?" He took several deep breaths, then looked up into Tony's eyes. "If it came to that, I'd back you – but I trust you – trust us – not to let it happen.
"Transportation portal," Steve explained, steadying himself by gripping the back of her seat, though he guessed the question had been rhetorical.
Most of the staff had left the building, though there were still people in the Culver sections, when a woman – he suspected it was Morganti herself – made her way towards the vault, carrying an insulated flask.
"I had help," Tony said. "Guy called Yinsen. Saved my life by sticking an electro-magnet in my chest, kept me sane while they tortured me, helped me build the miniature ARC reactor and the armour, helped me escape, gave his life for me..."
He shouldn't feel this disappointed that it hadn't. After all, he knew that everyone left, sooner or later.
"We've kidnapped you," Tony retorted, as he zigzagged the vehicle through the gap in the outer fence towards the darkening jungle. "So you didn't break your word. Not that it seems to matter to these goons."
"Uh-uh," Tony said, with what sounded very much like relief. He tapped the arc reactor. "Not enough lung capacity."
"I remembered because it was so unusual – Ms Potts doing something like that, I mean, and insisting Rushman bring the transfer papers down to her personally. And approving her transfer to your personal staff."
"I wonder if you and Tony will be able to help me check something out," one of the voices said. It was a vaguely familiar voice, but the pounding in his head was not helping him identify it.
"Something like that," Tony said, evasively. "What's going on, Steve? You don't normally open up about yourself like this."
Bruce's eyes narrowed as he surveyed Tony. "What the hell did you do to yourself, Stark? Or—?" A shadow settled on his expression. "Oh, Christ, it wasn't the Hu— the Other Guy, was it?"
That was not what he'd started to say, Tony guessed. He sealed the access panel with a flourish and rose to his feet while deciding how to respond. "Not anymore," he said at last. "We make a good team. A very good team. And I'm shy a partner now Rhodes has chosen the Air Force over me."
"Many places. I am Iron Man's computer," the voice explained. "This version of me runs the armoury and the house."
Natasha ignored him. "We've done all we can, short of assassination, particularly with all the key players outside the Pentagon on the stomp."
"It's all right, Steve. Or it will be." His smile was plainly forced. "I will explain, but not now. Not until I'm certain. Ja—"
The Panther looked back at him from where was pulling away a tarpaulin and extracting a white cube with a hollowed out centre. "Patience," he suggested, placing it on the smooth part of the floor. A touch to one side, and it sprang to life in light and heat and a semblance of flame. Next he unearthed a trio of carved wooden stools, then terracotta flasks of water and boxes containing what turned out to be the Wakandan equivalent of field rations, which were self-heating and which Steve pronounced to be "excellent".
Steve let out a silent breath of relief. Tony was, it seemed, merely drunk, and an amiable rather than an aggressive drunk at that. Except, in the instant before he had looked up there had been an expression of such intense misery on his face that it made Steve catch his breath. Jarvis was right; Tony needed help, though he almost certainly would reject anything Steve offered.
"And," Bruce was saying, "Fury had had a cage prepared—" when he was interrupted by a shrill beeping.
He was still Chairman of the Board. Pepper didn't want that job and, as Natasha had pointed out (or the legal Department had advised her), corporate governance was far better if the jobs were split so the Chairman could do his assigned job of keeping watch on the CEO. Keeping a watch on Pepper, as often as possible, was no hardship. Recent events, which had resulted in Government investigators crawling over some of the biggest firms in the country where the jobs were still combined, had confirmed that advice. Tony definitely wanted the Chairmanship out of the hands of any of the other members of the sometimes (often) hostile Board, if nothing else.
"Okay, okay," Tony muttered, trying to work out why he felt such unexpected pleasure at having these two men in his kitchen. "Bullies. How did the experiment go, by the way, Bruce?"
Tony stood frozen, almost wishing that he had found them conspiring or in sexual embrace. This was like being stripped naked, without the consequent sex.
But his mind was filled with voices and visions and memories that surfaced every time he was about to slip into sleep, a mixture of the traumatic events of the last few days, of his captivity in Afghanistan, of the Chitauri invasion and...
Steve burst out laughing. "No, that won't be necessary. Okay, let's put the Avengers back together here."
"Undoubtedly, but it wasn't you they were after, Cap. That trap was meant for me. So you being here isn't gonna make a difference." Tony was somehow now beside him with a hand on his shoulder, though he didn't try to push. Steve could almost see him making the calculation: this is Captain America. I can't manhandle him. Better try words instead. "You saved me yesterday, Cap. The least I can do is offer you sanctuary for a while. Now, come on, back to bed. Please, because if you fall over I'm going to need to change into the armour to lift you."
Stark must have seen something in his expression because he went on, "It was okay. Good cover. The Guardian it housed was defeated, the ring it protected now in other hands, though whether they are safe hands is... questionable." He shrugged.
As Tony jetted towards the temple steps, Okoye broke off her argument with the woman to turn and face him, holding up a hand and saying, "Do nothing, Stark. This is one of our greatest Healers; T'Challa's personal physician, skilled in both your medicine and our traditions."
That was strange, because he had been expecting a name. Perhaps even anticipating one. But he still did not know which name or even how he knew what that this was the voice of a machine.
"We need to get out of sight," Steve said, spreading his arms a little in an attempt to herd the women, then withdrawing them to his sides as they began to amble housewards.
Tony, contrary to all expectations, had been out of bed before him, a new coldness in his manner, all his prickles out, tongue razor-sharp and ready to cut Steve to ribbons.
They had only just arrived when Tony's voice spoke from Jarvis's hidden speakers. "Steve, I need you in the workshop. Jan, you'd better call Hank. If he's noticed you're gone he'll be frantic with worry by now."
he thought, even though who 'they' might be was something of a mystery. But then he was a mystery to himself.
Crouching beside Steve, Tony held his breath as the hollow sound of boots on wood moved overhead, then away from them towards their recent prison. Then Steve was moving, out into the light and vaulting up onto the walkway.
As he headed for the entrance to the armoury, Tony's eye was caught by the open garage doors. He diverted and, on landing, looked in horror at the wreckage of at least four of the cars, including his favourite Ferrari Spider. More than that, there were bullet holes in the walls.
Behind the Iron Man faceplate, Tony smiled to himself. "Told Steve you'd need back up," he said. "Didn't think that meant I'd get a chance to grab the bad guys."
Something else that was familiar enough for him to name, though if he had really been Captain America – or Steve Rogers – he should not have been.
The first kiss was soft, the sort of kiss Steve might have given his mother, the sister he had never had— but that changed as he kissed Tony back...
Tony thought, already reaching forward. He hooked his hand behind Steve's head, jerking their mouths together into a ferocious kiss, a clash of lips and tongues and teeth, Steve answering the assault with equal passion, pushing Tony away from the workbench.
"I thought you were pleased SHIELD found Captain America. You seem to be getting along surprisingly well with him."
Howard should have smiled in return. Instead, he was looking down at his hands. "Tony? What is this stuff you're covered in?"
Tony continued hurriedly. "I can find you some unused boxers and a clean shirt if you really need something to sleep in."
Tony's heart froze. He had not expected this. Though perhaps he should have, because Pepper knew him so well. How much did she know? Or guess? How much
Steve woke suddenly, gasping for breath. But there was no pain, and instead of patched sheets or thin and scratchy blankets, he was lying on material so smooth it was like a caress on his skin.
Steve took a deep breath. Talking with Pepper in the kitchen of the penthouse was quite a different thing from being summoned to the office of Ms Virginia Potts, CEO, Stark Industries.
Ghostly masts loomed to his right, so he rolled to his left, hoping to miss both the boats and the hotel pier. He just hoped that that meant the water was deep... a few feet at least...
"And you," Tony retorted, because, well, Steve was as easy on the eye as any lab assistant – or, for that matter, model or actor – he'd ever met. "Come on, human perfection, what have you and my sassy AI been conspiring about?"
He had begun suspect his time to think was limited when he had been barred from the site of the collapsed eStarkStore. The police had sealed it, then SHIELD and the FBI quarrelled over it for a time, while Jarvis hacked into all of their research files.
