Castiel purses his lips for a second but then he gives Dean an affirmative nod.
“Aaron broke up with me!” he whined when had found Cas sitting on their couch.
“Yeah,” Cas breathes, “that’s why I came out here. It’s so hot in there, I’m kinda sweaty. Aren’t you too hot in that sweater?” He wants to hit himself as soon as the words have left his mouth. Dean just shrugs.
“Dean, what just happened? What was that light?”
Sam’s responding look is all confusion. “The Empty? What, how? I thought the Empty couldn’t enter this world unless—”
“Maybe.”
When they had finished their meal, Dean brought Cas upstairs to his room, insisting on carrying the backpack for him. An inflatable mattress was already prepared for Cas to sleep on at the end of Dean’s bed.
“Really? Don’t you think it’s weird that your dad has a boyfriend?”
“Dean, I’m not angry. Just upset that you didn’t tell me sooner.” He bit the inside of his cheek. “Am I the only one who was left out on this?”
Dean’s been thinking about how they kissed for pretense. They haven’t done this since Sam was here but Dean has been thinking about it many times, still.
“Hey, easy tiger,” he said and pressed Dean’s midsection down by the hips with strong hands.
Dean is itching to jump over people as they are filing out of the auditorium, achingly slow. He wants to see Cas.
In the morning Claire complains about the supposed reek of sick in the bathroom again. This time, though, Cas can smell it too. He can’t exactly tell where it’s coming from but supposes it has to do with sewer smells soaring through the drain. As a precautionary measure, he closes the toilet lid before he leaves. Not that he actually expects doing so will change anything. It’s fall and moist and the condition will probably get worse when it starts to rain and nature continues its annual perish.
Dean is glad to have something to do with having to watch the road. But inside, his mind is spinning. He can't stop thinking what if. What if he died there, in that barn. What if it had all been for nothing. What if he had never gotten to live the life he'd always wanted. Sam would have been okay, eventually, maybe. But Dean had finally started to accept that there was more to it than hunting, looking out for other people, carrying the weight of the world on his shoulders. That his own purpose could just be to live a happy, fulfilling life.
They continue to make out for a while, hands properly kept above waistline, until Cas pulls back a little.
“What the hell?” Dean exclaims after Sam has closed the door behind them, staring at a double bed. “Am I supposed to share a bed with my brother for a whole week or what? Sam, this is not okay, go back downstairs and tell her!”
“You would tell me if there’s something you’re uncomfortable with?”
“In Indiana, about three hours from home. Father Jim went there, too. He’ll write me a letter of recommendation and I think I’m having a good chance of getting in with the support of one of their alumni.”
“I know,” Cas says in a high-pitched voice, “I really fucked up.”
Cas laughs. “Yeah, you really missed something there. Um, so, while you’re here, would you like me to show you some of my works?”
“She was a really nice girl. Obviously hasn’t changed a bit. But she was always so clingy. Everywhere I went, she’d be there too. Like a stalker.”
Dean whispered something close to his father’s ear and eventually John sighed. “Welcome to our home, Cas,” he said and reached for Cas’s hand. Cas made sure to grip his hand tightly but Mr. Winchester grasped his even more firmly and was almost certain he was being left with a few broken bones. Yet, Cas did his best not to let it show.
John was standing at the fridge, uncapping a bottle of beer when they found him. “Hey dad,” Dean said. “Cas is here.”
Dean puffs out some air and folds his arms over his chest. “No, nothing.”
“No, I mean, for example, are you with someone at the moment?” Was Cas seriously asking if he was single?
“Cas?”
“Yes, I really do. Thank you, Donna.”
Dean had a huge grin on his face. “I love you,” he said and, after making sure no-one was around to see, Cas leaned in for a brief kiss.
“Alright, yeah, sure.” Dean thinks for a moment. “So, okay, this isn’t probably the best time to bring this up, but what you said about you and your ex-wife being allowed to date… I mean, is this something you’d like yet, or is it still too soon for you to even think of going out with someone?”
Pastor Boyle had also had a look at his CV in the meantime and scheduled him for tryout counseling of their youth group next week. Cas was very excited to finally get this opportunity.
“Cas,” Dean wheezes, looking around to make sure no-one’s listening. “Are you insane? That’s fucking illegal!”
Dean had to moisten his lips again. “Yes? What memories?”
“Hey,” Claire replies, as wordy as Emma. At least they have something in common, Cas thinks. Teenagers…
“I mean, like, priest…or deacon life is treating you well.”
Wow, she really was wasting no time! Cas became anxious. What if she wanted to do it today? Maybe she had bought condoms herself…
“How, of all the colors in the world, did you come up with gold?” Meg asks, exasperated.
A few weeks into his senior year of high school, he dropped out.
“Sure I am,” Dean insists and squeezes Cas’s shoulder in assurance. “You did nothing wrong, trust me.”
After a shot was fired, Dean is waiting for the pain to come, eyes shut tight. He still can’t feel anything—maybe he’s in shock. Maybe he’s hallucinating. Maybe he’s already dead.
The night around Cas is completely silent, except for Dean’s shallow breathing. He can feel Dean’s racing pulse through their connected hands. Or is it his own? Dean is so close and Cas isn’t quite sure if he’s disoriented because his eyes are closed or if he’s actually gravitating into his space. He just wants to take a quick peek to make sure he isn’t about to knock him over but what if he gets caught cheating?
“And what do you do for a living?”
“No!”
They sit still, quiet, for some time and then, on the other side of the pool, a deer appears from the thicket, wary, but unaware of them. It lowers its head by the pool and starts to drink. Then, suddenly, its head shoots up, looking in their direction. Dean’s eyes keep switching between the deer and Castiel, hoping for him to stay unmoving. The deer goes back to quenching its thirst. After a minute, it’s had enough and vanishes under the shrubs again.
“The only thing it’s suffering from is that I’m not allowed to do it,” Cas replied sharply. He sighed. “I’m sorry for my disrespect,” he said.
“Good, then we walk.”
It really bothered him how selfish Dean was. Like his decision had anything to do with him. How could one person be so self-absorbed that he revolved this solely around himself? Cas didn’t need Dean’s permission to become a priest. Only God’s. And a bishop’s perhaps.
“I promise. No need to be scared, I’m here,” he says, his voice soft, yet Cas is too tense to appreciate his support.
Cas only replies with a sheepish smile.
“But it’s your birthday!” Dean argues.
“Well, how I could go out trying to stop God all by myself?”
“I have a ghost in my house,” he says.
“What does the Captain have to say in our personal feud?” Castiel says.
“Shit, I’m—” Dean exhaled and experienced a kind of orgasm he hadn’t known before.
“We talked about whether I should come out to my family or not.”
“Cas?” Dean said softly when he entered their room. Cas was crouched on his bed against the corner of the wall. Dean rushed over to sit next to him, gently laying a hand on his arm. “Are you okay? What happened?”
“Yes, I’m fine, Dean,” Cas lied.
Cas anticipates the worst and as it turns out he’s got every right to do so. Like it’s nothing, his ex-wife informs him she and Claire are going to spend Thanksgiving with her parents. Her mother is sick and will be recovering from surgery during the holidays—thanks for telling him about that—and she won’t be able to come here like they usually do. Castiel, of course, is not invited, because, naturally, that would be weird.
Dean proceeded to get up and when he was on his feet he stretched out his hand for Cas to help him stand up too.
“So, what’s the plan for tonight?” he asks after taking a seat next to Sam.
The man casts him a friendly look but remains silent, so Dean starts the engine and drives off. He knows exactly where he’s taking him. Maybe he’ll speak if interrogated by a police officer.
“Darling, leave the boy alone,” Mr. Novak said. “Can’t you see he’s upset?”
When the day of Sam’s departure comes, Cas is both glad to have met him and saddened to see him go for good. In another life, where he and Dean are actually together, they could’ve become actual friends, real brothers-in-law. Whatever happens between them, Cas wishes to someday find out what became of Sam. If he ever got to be a lawyer, if he’s still with his girlfriend Jessica or if there’s someone else. If he and Dean still get along so well and see each other regularly.
“Yeah, I think we’ll get along,” she says.
Instantly, a tear runs down the small Madonna sculpture’s cheek beneath the painting. Cas groans.
“You’re the boss,” Benny says and leads Cas back to where the remains of his car sit.
“You never know.”
“’m fine,” he replied but before he could seal their lips together once more he had to cough again. He cleared his throat a few times and carefully bumped a fist against his chest.
“News travel fast in our domain, you know that.”
“Why should we get our hands dirty?” Ketch says. “Give the police any reason there was some kind of crime happening when all is over. We don’t want to hurt you, Dean. We just want the merman.”
“I can’t believe you printed that out,” Cas said, rather pleasantly surprised than irritated.
“Maybe the victims were drugged,” Cas says.
“Same,” he says, “same.”
“Any time, pal,” he says, gives the shoulder a final pat and withdraws his hand.
“I don’t think Dean likes me,” Mick says after they’ve left the car show.
“Um…” She’s looking down at her shoes, stalling. “Well, uh, I didn’t see or hear anything. I didn’t actually smell anything either. It’s also a kinda drafty place where they store the chair.”
Cas chuckles and lets himself be enveloped by Dean’s arms. They stay like this for a while until he feels Dean tense up.
“Don’t you know? She had to excuse herself from this lesson.”
“Hm,” Cas breathes and smiles in anticipation of Dean’s lips against his.
(See the end of the chapter for
Both Cas and Dean look at him in surprise.
Admittedly, Cas is a cool guy, he’s easy to be around, is very talented when it comes to woo—carpentry. He’s not ugly, though, Dean wouldn’t deny that…but that’s spoken from an objective point of view.
“That’s much more like it,” Billie says after a few tense seconds and Cas lets out a breath of relief as well as Dean.
Dean blinked a few times before he replied. “No.”
“You can borrow one from me, if you want. I have a few. They don’t look so great on the outside but I can assure you they are much safer and reliable than the one you got here.”
It’s almost funny how this must sound to someone not aware what’s going on. His lips are wet with saliva from the open-mouthed kisses, Cas’s tongue moving against his, the bright, dissonant clash of the keys.
It’s long past midnight when they reach the bunker. Sam has been trying to stifle his yawns for over an hour and Cas tells him not to stay up any longer out of politeness.
he says, followed by Sam and Dean echoing him and then they drink.
“Okay, I get it. You’re right. Then you have to meet him again.”
He already showered today but he doesn’t feel like joining the brothers in watching television. Soon, day one of Sam’s stay will be over anyway and there’s nothing that can go wrong during the night. At least, that’s what he hopes. Dean appears to have understood that they can’t get physical again. This would be a very, very bad idea considering tha—
“I know, it’s unfortunate but I’m usually calling him Sweet Cheeks anyway,” she says and slaps his butt.
“Yes. It’s mostly Bentley and Rolls Royce, though.”
“Mr. Nowak,” Naomi says, “we’d like to have a talk with both you and Mr. Winchester soon.”
“And then, after you were born?” he asks, oblivious to how uncomfortable his previous question made Dean.
“Let me, please,” Cas says and picks up the lube to slicken his own fingers that Dean has been so hungrily devouring.
“Tell me about your siblings. You said you’ve got two?”
“Oh, I’m sorry to hear that. Do you know when you’ll return back up there again?”
“He’s fine, I already told you.”
“Acknowledging your skills doesn’t mean I wanna get in your pants,” she says, storing away a heavy toolbox.  Dean has only ever seen her wear tank tops and he kinda gets why. His breath catches in his throat every time her arm muscles flex. They are also the reason some guys in class are intimidated by her. They better be.
Balthazar is approaching them through the crowd, kissing some cheeks on the way. “So, Dean,” he says. “How was your first time?”
“We’re the only ones left. You, Jack and me, all the others have ceased to exist. Chuck wiped everyone else out. It has started, Dean. Our world is dying.”
“He doesn’t need to find out, ever, you understand me?”
“Very good,” he tells Sam. He’s mastered the
“What about you? How’s Kansas City? Do you still work at that bar?”
- Cas's issues with his self-esteem
“And the nocturnal bumping? Where did that come from?”
“Doing what?”
Dean tells him more about his Uncle Bobby and Cas’s landlord Rufus until he decides it’s time to go and thanks Cas once more for the pizza.
“I’m reading
After they had brought their stuff into their respective rooms, they joined his mother in the living room where she served them and his father refreshments. “My son, come here,” he said and embraced him.
John sighed. “Your mother sent me. I’d just leave you sulking on your own.”
“Hey, Cas,” Dean said and clutched his boyfriend’s hand. “I know you miss your family and the weight of having left without notice still hangs on your shoulders. Maybe it’s time to drop it and finally talk to them. Like, really talk to them, in person.”
“He never asked me to,” Cas says and, technically, it’s true. He would’ve liked to give it a try but he never found it in himself to admit that, considering how Cas reacted every time Dean came near the piano after he first got here.
“You know what—” It’s better to pull the emergency brake now than to ruin his friendship with Dean. “We can just forget it happened. Never speak of it agai—”
Dean shakes his head. “What about the other deaths?”
He met Cas’s dad briefly when he dropped his younger son off at the East Campus. Michael was the only Novak sibling who had their own car. Mr. Novak had to attend a business meeting in Charleston and was generous enough to make several hour detour a day early and an otherwise needless stay overnight in West Virginia to drop Cas off in North Carolina.
“Call me if you need anything,” Jody says as she walks them to the exit, “or if he decides to talk.”
“Yeah, I know,” Dean sighed. “Hey, we’ll talk another time. I have to go to work.”
“You say that now,” Castiel says, looking down on the floor, “yet you could change your mind.”
“Yeah, people can be dicks. But around here, most of them are really friendly and kind. You don’t have to worry about anyone.”
“Yes,” Cas breathed against Dean’s neck.
“Hey, uh, there’s barely anyone waiting in line right now,” Cas tells Mick then. “I’ll use the opportunity to get us something to drink. I’ll be right back. Behave!”
He’s got no clue how they are supposed to continue to work together after this vacation. Maybe he can get transferred or something. But he doesn’t actually want to move away and he likes his other colleagues and his new boss, apparently.
“I don’t know, Cas,” he said. “I guess we’d have to ask Mrs. Graham if she bought the panties herself or if someone gave them to her.
…but, why is he mad at me now?”
Fuck. He didn’t want to talk to Meg.
“Jesus, Cas,” Dean groaned.
Dean pressed their foreheads together and held Cas tight for a while until he had calmed down a little. “We’re getting married,” he said then, beaming at Cas with a gentle smile.
Now here is the final chapter where sex and feelings happen.
“Now that you’re pointing it out, yes, I agree.”
Dean takes a few steps away, opens the drawer of his nightstand and retrieves a bottle of lube and a pack of condoms. “And I’ve made sure to clean up,” he adds quickly.
Cain hints at a promise to get in touch and Dean quickly gets through the labyrinth of hallways, back to the foyer, just in time for Cas joining him there.
“No, not at all. You did absolutely nothing,” Dean said, emptied his glass and blended into the crowd.
“Did Lydia ever try to contact you after she found out she was pregnant?”
Moreover, when Sam is gone, there’ll be no more excuses to kiss Dean. Every other reason than to support their charade will be pathetic.
“Hey, you okay?” a low, female voice asked him as he held onto Castiel’s elbow for support.
Dean’s feet found leverage on the floor as he pushed himself off to fuck into him. Cas had his legs wrapped around his waist and his heels locked on his back. “Yeah, Dean, right there, oh please, don’t stop!” Cas was too far gone to worry that someone might hear them though it being unlikely that his parents had returned from church yet.
“Four.”
“Good,” Cas says, “pretty great, actually. I know I’ll still have to work on myself constantly, but for the time being, I’m feeling at ease.”
“I am sure, Cas,” Dean says and gives him a quick kiss on the lips.
“Exactly,” Sam says. “Brother and brother-in-law. Or don’t you wanna tag along, Cas?”
“I told you to just come i—” The rest of his words are muffled into Cas’s sweater. He jumped at him as soon as Dean opened the door, face bright as the new day.
“Cas, where were you?” Dean asked as he felt furious and relieved at the same time. “You weren’t there when I woke up. You didn’t pick up your phone. I was worried. I searched the bathrooms, thinking you might be barfing your brains out somewhere.”
“What?” Dean can feel how Sam’s hesitation is gradually riling him up again and he’s having a hard time to contain himself.
Cas shrugged his shoulders. “I don’t know. And I’m not sure whether I should tell them.”
The night they’ve been looking forward to for weeks has finally come and Dean is pumped—it’s been forever since he’s gone out to party and what better occasion is there than his best friend getting married soon? He’s intent on having a good time tonight and making this special for Benny. He’s never before been to the club he’s picked for them but there are not many choices in the area and they’d agreed on staying close by and not driving so far that they’d have to find a place to stay overnight. Benny is crashing with Dean, however, because his future wife definitely doesn’t want to see him after a wild night out with the guys. It’s clear that he’s set on the right place when they walk downstairs and see the half-naked go-go girls dancing in cages high up in the air. The fact that there’s also a topless guy, his oiled abs glistening in the light, is something he can ignore. Something that he can’t overlook, though, is that, of all the places, this is the club Cas has to be in on the exact same night that Dean is and that pisses him off.
“I’m here, aren’t I, birthday boy?”
“I can give you a little push,” Dean says.
He leads Cas out into the hallway. He can’t trust that portal not to open again.
To his surprise, the tequila is actually really good and doesn’t even burn as it runs down his throat, it’s just giving him a warm feeling in his stomach.
Another moan reached their ears. Dean moaned in response.
“It’s not a…whatever.” He walks ahead, through the entrance. The place looks empty. “Hello, someone there?”
“Dean,” he whispers and Dean can feel Cas’s breath on his face, “if you want me to stop, if you really do, you gotta tell me.”
Cas nods slightly. He puts his folded hands into his lap and takes a deep breath.
“Anyway, but she’s still in pain and I could have taken that from her if nothing else. And then, to make it worse, I scared her by simply being there.”
It was only six o’clock when Cas woke up. For a moment he thought kissing Dean had only been a bizarre dream, but when he’d regained full consciousness, he realized it hadn’t been a dream at all. The kiss actually happened, more so, they hadn’t just kissed, they had… Cas felt panic stir in his stomach. How could he have molested his best friend like this, how could he have used him for the sake of his own pleasure? He’d been really drunk.
“The bar, yes,” Dean says and opens the passenger side door for Cas.
“I’m leaving,” Sam says, his head peeking in through the doorway. Dean grunts, complaining about something that happened in the game.
“It’s nice to meet you, too,” she says and Max returns with a pitcher of beer and a glass for Dean. “All of you. Though, it’s not like I don’t have anyone in town. My brother’s been living here for years.”
As soon as the bathroom door closes behind them, Sam says, “Dean, what the hell? You mind explaining this to me.”
“Won’t I be sleeping in your room?” Dean whispered from behind as he followed Cas up to the second floor.
Dean grunts, briefly, arching his back and his orgasm is immediately followed by Cas’s who buries his face between his Dean’s neck and the pillow.
It’s become kind of natural now, calling Cas his husband. He needn’t to. He needn’t mention to his classmates or his teacher that he’s married. He wouldn’t actually worry about leading Pam on. They tease each other but she’s not really into him—he’s smart enough to realize that.
“With enough caffeine, eight is bearable.”
“Dean, you know that I don’t expect anything from you that you’re not comfortable with.”
“The world has become quiet lately. Not so hard to discern an event like this.”
During the past week there’s barely been a second where he was able to not think about what happened between him and Dean. He wanted to prove a point and he probably did but his actions did nothing to improve their strained relationship. However, he’s got no idea what hit him that he actually decided to just take Dean by his hand and try tear down his guard…and his pants and suck him off. Dean was obviously into it, no doubt about that, but Cas was too and all he can think of is how scared Dean was of giving in to the situation and—
Cas’s brother and dad kept talking throughout the meal, asking Dean questions from time to time, but he seemed reluctant to extensive answers and mostly replied with words like
“Yeah, I will. But in the meantime, maybe don’t broadcast our relationship. He isn’t out to anyone yet, as far as I know.”
“And I didn’t tell you because I was afraid you’d say I wouldn’t make a good sheriff,” he confesses eventually.
“You’re right, they definitely are,” Charlie agreed. “Cas, who’d you choose?”
Originally, people used to take baths to get clean, as far as he’s heard. However, nowadays it’s become less and less of a cleansing process. Everyone’s busy, no-one’s got time anymore for something as simple as this. Taking a bath, even owning a bathtub seems to have become a luxury. In movies he’s usually seen women taking baths, considering it some sort of reward, a retreat from their stressful lives between job and family, mostly getting interrupted anyway by children loudly entering the room or a phone ringing. Or, when they were actually able to enjoy it, they were rich women. So baths and wealth seem to be connected somehow, Jack reckons.
“There’s nothing. We aren’t even friends.” Why does he have to keep repeating himself?
They sat like this until Cas had calmed down a little.
“Wonderful! If you’ll excuse me now, I’ll have to finish my round but I’ll be back with you soon. Have some more champagne in the meantime!”
In the dark, he looks over to where he can feel Dean’s presence, before turning onto his side to face the other way and closes his eyes, once again attempting to fall asleep.
Dean is leaning back, face directed towards the painted sky, and somehow the tips of his fingers find the back of Cas’s hand resting on the bench between them, gently brushing his knuckles. Just for a moment, though, because when an elderly lady with a black lace veil on her head shushes Sam for disturbing her silent prayer, Dean quickly withdraws his hand and indicates them to leave.
His path is leading him through quiet, narrow alleys. They’re bordered by one- and two-story houses, several with nicely ornamented facades. On every other corner there’s a bar, it seems, and Cas wonders what it would be like to walk here in the nighttime. There’s probably music, people talking outside, having a good time, maybe dancing with each other, very likely tango, and for a second Cas has a quite vivid picture in his head of himself making good use of what he’s learned from Balthazar and Anna but the person in his arms is not an attractive local, it’s—
“Thanks for the tip,” Cas says and lets out a small laugh.
“I’m glad I got to do this with you. I wouldn’t have wanted to be like this with anyone else,” Cas told him when his breathing had steadied. Dean gave him a quick kiss and helped him pull off the condom without spilling come. Then he rushed into the bathroom and returned with a damp towel and started to clean them up.
“But not really. And we’re not an actual couple who dances around each other naked all the time.”
Back at his room he facetimed his friend and was surprised by how quickly Dean picked up his phone.
“Rejection, my old friend,” Balt says and chuckles as he speaks.
- One warning: Claire uses the word
Dean laughs. “No really, you’re stunning.”
“Just leave her,” Charlie says with a calming hand on his forearm and an unexpected spark of jealousy jolts through Cas’s chest.
Balt rushes to reserve them a table and Dean is only moving towards it because Rowena keeps pushing him. Cas is still nowhere to be seen.
“Would you?”
“You don’t know that,” he says.
“Bad time?” he asks directed at Cas.
“Dean was really hurt when you decided to become a priest. Now I know why he was so upset—because he had you for a moment and was hoping to get you back eventually, but then you chose a way that made it impossible for the two of you to ever be together.”
At least his luggage is in store for now and he doesn’t have to worry about carrying it around the city or trying to find a locker for it somewhere.
Then he noticed something else.
She repeats the words a few times but nothing happens.
It felt weird. Good weird. The skin was warm and smooth, just like his own cock. Without his liquid confidence he probably would’ve already locked himself inside his closet, hyperventilating, because this would have been too much for one night. But the haziness his new friend beer had induced was blocking his ability of thinking rational and he felt content in the soft arms of his cloudy mind.
“Do you need water? Should we get you into the water?” Dean asks, worried now…more worried than before.
“What are you saying?”
“What about Cas?” Charlie asked.
don’t believe in yourself, no-one will.”
His brain short-circuits at the sight and “Uhhh” is everything he can come up with for a moment.
“Why?”
“Still, you tamed the beast,” she says, stroking his arms.
“That’s good, right?”
“Would you let us in,” Naomi says. It’s a demand, not a question.
“Or did Ashley or Marina mention seeing something weird or did they hear strange noises that sounded like rabid dogs maybe?” Dean added and he didn’t need to see it to know that Cas was currently rolling his eyes.
He made sure not to leave out any detail when he narrated the whole story to Cas after he had gotten back to Sioux Falls.
“I was dreaming about you,” Dean said, beaming at him, and Cas bent forward to steal a kiss.
Dean could barely believe his eyes when he returned. The angel’s garb shone bright with white paint, as did his wings. His head was covered in a dark, brownish tone and his skin seemed as tanned as someone’s who had just returned from a beach vacation. However, most astounding was the shade of blue that highlighted his eyes now. Someone must have been very busy making him look like this.
“You too. Drive safely,” Cas tells him before they kiss one last time.
“Do you even like wine?” he asks.
“But I had to dance!” he clarifies, perhaps a bit too loudly.
“Here’s your coffee,” Dean said after Cas had taken a seat at the table and put the paper cup in front of him. “And I’ve got muffins. There’s cherry and blueberry—which one do you want?”
“Do you really think I’m worth it? I mean, it’s who you are. You gave up everything…for me?”
“Are you also travelling on your own?” Okay, he has to admit this wasn’t the best choice of words to alter the impression he’s supposedly given her.
Cas huffed a laugh. “I don’t think that’s gonna be a problem.”
“Oh yeah, he’s the tall one, right?”
“What?”
“Agreed,” Castiel says.
Then Bart proceeded to talk about a group project they were scheduled to turn in in two weeks. Cas had time enough to work on it anyway as he had failed to get a date.
“Yeah, and you keep off the Hunter deck, asshole!” Dean yells after him.
“Uh, actually, no,” he said.
Dean breathes out as he thinks of a response but Cas forestalls him and says, “Come on now, we’ve got to get the rings on our way downtown.”
“That’s good, Dean, I’m glad to hear that.”
“I never thought you’d want this,” he breathes into Castiel’s mouth, in dire need for air.
So now Cas has an appointment to get his car fixed. Technically, it doesn’t need fixing but hopefully everyone will shut up now about it.
“Balthazar invited us to the matinee this Saturday,” Cas says.
“You’re giving her a car, just like that?” Dean doesn’t like Sam’s tone.
were smudged now.
“I will,” he promises, “no more risking my life to find mysterious men.”
Cas furrows his brows.
“Ha, I know,” Sam says and laughs when Dean playfully sweeps a strand of hair out of his face.
“But what’s—he’s got a fish tail, Dean!”
He’s catching his breath, listening for footsteps but he’s certain Ketch is still there, behind the door. What is he waiting for?
Dean let’s out another heavy sob. Did Cas really mean what he said or was it just a trick to summon the Empty? How could his words be true?
“You know what I mean. I’m just losing my hope to ever find a romantic partner again. Someone who’ll stay with me, who I can marry some day.”
“He senses,” Dean says to himself, proceeding to get under the covers now as well.
But he doesn’t.
“Yes, actually, they did. Ashley modelled for the online catalogue of a local lingerie store and Marina was the photographer. Ashley died after she came home from one of the photo shoots and Marina must be the last person to have seen her alive. They both worked for Linda Graham who owns the store. It’s called
“Do you want me to stay here with you tonight?” Dean asks.
But Dean…was still Dean. Cas had come to realize, when he had had to admit to his sexuality in order to learn how to cope with the prospect of everlasting chastity, that he had been in love with Dean all along. That what he had insisted on defining as friendship had actually been so much more than that.
Dean breathes heavily and Cas gives him time to get used to the feeling, placing gentle kisses onto his neck and jawline. When he’s calmer, Cas begins to move, pulling out a few inches, then thrusting back into him, gradually picking up the pace, listening to Dean’s little sighs.
Dean was about to stand up and straighten his legs which had fallen asleep when suddenly Cas turned his head and leaned closer. He watched him as Cas’s face move towards his and eventually their lips met. It was only a light kiss, no pressure, just for a brief moment.
The conversation goes well—a lot of flirting involved, including gentle touches—until, after a while, he randomly meets the eyes of someone across the room: Dean’s.
“And I’m a police officer,” he says, “but you already knew that, I guess.”
After a while, Sam clears his throat, as if that will make the awkwardness magically go away.
“Don’t forget the earplugs, Sammy!” Dean says before they head for their respective rooms, upon which Sam groans and rolls his eyes before disappearing in his room.
He hadn’t thought about Aaron in years. How could he forget him? Sure, they hadn’t been friends for a very long time because the inevitable thing happened and Aaron’s family had to move again. Dean remembers the day Aaron told him. He was devastated. They’d made plans for the summer to go on a road trip. Dad would lend Dean the Impala and they’d listen to Led Zeppelin and AC/DC and sleep in the car so they wouldn’t have to pay for a motel room every night.
The table begins to shake under them. The flickering of the lamps gets worse and Cas nervously pulls his hands back.
Dean and Cas are watching the scenery passing by through the window on their respective sides, quietly, while Jody and Athena are talking about the cruise and what is awaiting them during the days coming. From time to time, he catches Cas trying to take a picture or video with his phone but it seems like he’s just doing it to pass the time. There’s not much to see. Mostly grassland, a few houses and trees here and there. After some time they leave the asphalt road and the jeep begins to leave behind clouds of dust. The ride has already taken about an hour when they pass grapevine stocks and Dean thinks they must be there soon but Athena keeps on driving for a while until there comes a middle-sized house into view.
Cas swallows the peanut and M&Ms mush in his mouth. “I’m just saying that I don’t know what that just was either. I’m open, you know, to anything.”
“Of course,” Cas says, raising his brows at Dean who is wiping away tears. “Sit,” he says and moves to the left end of the bench to make room for Sam.
He catches Claire suddenly avoiding everyone’s eyes, turning pale. Amelia doesn’t seem to notice.
He looks around and despite the furniture and some ugly pictures on the wall, faded with time, the house looks empty. Of course he could have stayed with his brother for a few more months. At least until after Christmas. But Cas knows this wouldn’t have ended well. Gabriel already had him climbing the walls. Living with his brother was like being a freshman in college again. One may assume that people eventually grow up when they get older, but Gabriel is the proverbial exception that proves the rule. Crashing on Gabriel’s couch was basically being trapped in a never-ending frat party, his whole existence consisting of a constant cycle of drunken hookups and hangovers. How he even manages to maintain a livelihood, Castiel fails to comprehend.
Cas was still a bit dizzy when he said, “I had no idea how this could be. I’m so…so…I don’t even know how to express myself anymore.”
“I know you’re together. You don’t have to hide him from me.”
“Shoot,” Dean says.
“I’m all the way in,” Cas says.
“So you like women and men?” Dean asks slowly.
“No, I… I’ll be fine. Let’s just eat dinner now and have a nice Christmas Eve. It’s all gonna work out,” he said. At least for now he didn’t want to think about Dean but for a moment he wondered what he would be doing right now. He took a long breath and pushed the thought back into a corner of his mind.
“What!” he exclaims, causing other people to look at them, silently scolding him for disturbing the peace.
“Whatever,” Sam says. “Call me when you’ve stopped being mad at me. Blossom, come.”
Dean gives him a tender smile. “You’re welcome.”
“You believe in that?”
Dean lowers his book. “So?”
He looked at it, smiling as he indulged in the memories it carried. He was actually glad to have met Cas today, but he didn’t know if he was able to let go again. Anyhow, it was too late and Dean had had a few drinks too many to reflect on this with reason. Probably he was just sentimental. There was still his life that was perfectly fine without Cas and Cas had his life in which there was no room for Dean. At least not in a role Dean would have liked. He could still think about this after he’d had some rest and cease his awkward relationship with Cas, so he could finally leave it behind for good.
Dean takes a trembling breath. “Cool,” he says, “glad we got that settled.” He spins around to continue his cooking and to not have Cas catch him grinning like an idiot.
“We should call the police,” Sam says.
Dean made his way to the door but stopped before leaving Cas’s room and turned around. “Are…are we good, Cas? You’re not mad at me, are you?”
“But together we might,” Jack says, stepping up from behind Sam and Dean who is about to scold him for not keeping quiet but Sam signals him to let him talk with an elbow to his arm.
When Rachel had asked Cas if he wanted to join her and the others on their spring break trip to Virginia, he had hesitated. He had been pretty sure Dean had already made plans with Aaron and they wouldn’t invite him, given that Aaron didn’t like him and Cas wouldn’t have felt comfortable sharing a place with the two lovebirds anyway. He shivered every time his mind drifted off, wondering what they might be doing with each other.
His phone is still on his nightstand. Cas is sitting on the bed, looking worried. “Everything’s going to be fine,” Dean promises and dials 911. No signal. He tries again, still nothing. He tries to call his brother. It’s hopeless.
“Me too,” Cas says and brings their lips together once more.
“Excuse me for a moment,” Dean tells Cain before walking up to Cas.
“Here,” Dean said, holding out the lube for him.
“Aaron was great, but he was never Cas, okay? Don’t judge me.”
” she says.
A really tiny voice in his head dares him to just pull at Dean’s hand, pull him right into him and smash their lips together, to feel Dean’s stubble under his fingertips, like he’s done before, and to throw all reason and caution overboard.
“I gotta admit, I had fun tonight,” Dean says after the door closes behind them.
happened, I’m not making this up.”
he thinks.
“Yeah, more female
Dean’s pores were draining sweat and Cas’s hands on him were damp as well. His ears could only focus on the squishy sounds their bodies made as they were dragged closer together each time Cas shoved his way back into his expectant hole, their skin glistening in the twilight as flesh kept slapping against flesh.
“So, you’re also going to Uruguay?” he asks.
Dean absently bit his fingernails as he considered his reply. “I’ll be honest with you,” he said and straightened up, “I’m not exactly thrilled about the idea. I’m gonna need time to adjust but you can count on my support anyway, Cas, ‘cause you’re my friend and that’s what friends are for.”
“There’s no hurry. I’ve saved the images on my computer,” she said. “But you’re welcome to come here any time. I’m sure we’d find a nice present to bring back home to your wife,” the lingerie seller added while glancing down at Dean’s wedding ring. If only she knew...
Now she was having another good reason to be filled with joy. Cas knew it was primarily his quietness that had earned Jack the role. They could certainly not be having a crying Baby Jesus during the play in celebration of his birth.
“Crystal,” Mick says and finally kisses him again, for real this time.
“What do you mean, Castiel? Did he hurt you?”
“Make sure all doors and windows are looked,” Dean says, “and I’ll get Dad’s rifle from the basement.”
She leads him into a spacious dining room. Dark wood panels with decorative carvings give it an enigmatic yet not unwelcoming atmosphere.
If only this fucking bolt tearing through his insides would let him have a clear thought. He's talking. He doesn't even know what he's saying. The pain is making it harder and harder to speak and every breath fucking hurts so much, he just wants it to stop.
Then he turns slightly to his side to open the lid of the piano and runs his fingers over the keyboard, without pressing any of the keys though.
Dean kisses him.
“I love you,” he sighs.
“I don’t eat,” Cas says and somehow Dean has already suspected that. He did, however, devour the sandwich Dean gave him. So, at least, he
Dean wasn’t sad that his younger brother had found someone before he had. He had only ever wanted the best for Sammy and Eileen was the perfect match for him, so Dean thought, and that was enough.
‘What was that?’ Charlie mouths in Meg’s direction, an eyebrow raised in suspicion.
He chuckles. “But I’m not just God, don’t you see? I am the Light and the Dark, the Yin and the Yang. I am whole.”
“Jesus, Cas, who are you? I feel like I don’t even know you anymore,” Dean exclaimed. “What happened to my frenemy Palpatine?”
“What’s the special?” Castiel asks.
The lights in the hallway turn on when they step outside. Dean pockets the key and walks towards the elevator. It’s moving. Someone is coming up from the ground floor. The girls? They wait until it reaches their level. There’s the dull ping noise and the doors slide open. It’s empty.
“Then what else would you like to talk about?” Dean suggests.
“Oh, he does, and if you don’t realize that, you’re a bigger idiot than you thought you were.”
“She says someone took them but she wasn’t able to tell who as, you know, the person or…thing was busy ripping her eyes out.”
“Thanks,” Dean croaked as he handed Cas the cup back.
“There’s a lot of snow so I’d say it’s even more Christmassy than part one.”
And perhaps that’s exactly what he should do. He thought about asking Meg to accompany him but in reality he doesn’t need anyone to bear witness to eventual bad decisions.
“Thanks,” they both say as Dean hands them their bottles. Before sitting again, he passes Cas his beer to hold for a sec and retrieves another blanket from the closet.
“Because they copulated,” Cas says, innocent blue eyes directed at him.
Cas stays strong.
“Yeah, I’d like that…animal-assisted therapy. It helps, really,” Jesse says, looking at his husband with glassy eyes, and Cesar squeezes his hand tightly.
Cas had been in the tub for a really long time now and Dean had started to become worried about him. He might have fallen asleep and Dean had to make sure he wasn’t drowning, so he went to knock on the bathroom door. When his friend didn’t answer right away, Dean made a quick decision to invade Cas’s privacy and just walked into the room.
“Sure, I’d love to have kids. Or one at first, see how it goes.”
He doesn’t even know what to say. How many more times does he need to say sorry to even out the many failures?
“I’ll be back in a few minutes,” he promises and picks something that he thinks will do.
Dean’s reassuring words do nothing to release the tension from his face. Without another word, however, Dean leads the way and they’re back on the path in no time.
“A priest?” he gasped.
There’s a loud thump at the door and Dean and Cas both jump away from it. Dean gives him a look, expression unreadable. Is it fear, annoyance? Dean tears the door open before Cas can tell him not to do it. Darkness seeps in from the unlit hallway. The motion detector hasn’t even been triggered, yet there was definitely someone at the door.
“Fine,” Sam says and puts down his coffee. “Cas, I hope you two have everything worked out,” he directs towards him instead. “Seems like the timing was perfect to give you some space for a while.”
“You’re doing so good, babe,” Dean encouraged him.
“How is the priest-to-be? Will we see him?” Sam asked.
He’s pressing Cas’s body to the floor with his, shielding him from the threat that’s currently kept at bay by the archangel. Then it stops. The portal has closed and Michael is gone.
“Speak of the devil,” Dean sighs. He’s not in the mood for Balt’s…everything tonight.
“Who’s been teaching you?” Cain asks with a raised eyebrow. Dean’s got him hooked, he’s certain.
“Yeah, me too. He looks like a serial killer.”
“Thank you, Dean, for your support,” Cas told his friend when they were on their own.
“I know and I’m sorry.”
“What party?” Cas asked when it was just the two of them.
Later, when Cas goes to bed, everything around him is pleasantly silent and, for once, he’s able to sleep through the night. Maybe moving here wasn’t such a bad decision after all.
“Dean, could you please focus for one second,” Cas said, slightly irritated.
Why does she leave him here alone with Dean? What would she have done if Dean weren’t here to help him?
He’s seeing white spots when he opens his eyes again but Lucy is gone.
Then he remembers that he’s supposed to be picking Claire up from a friend’s house. He pulls out his phone and scrolls through their texts for the address.
On the way to his room he walks by Dean’s and finds the door ajar. He announces himself with two knocks on the door frame and strides in.
Sam hardly even knows him. “What does he want to tell me?”
Cas parts his lips slightly. He wants to say something but doesn’t know what. The planchette refuses to move.
Dean shakes his head. “Rowena, I don’t think that’s—”
“What? No. Well, I guess I just go then. I’m only here because of her anyway.”
“Let’s better get started then. Spring semester’s already begun,” Dean said and guided Cas to sit on the couch while Charlie put the first Blu-ray in his player.
“You’ll live,” Dean told him.
“I’m glad.”
When I wrote this, at first I thought their love declarations were a bit over the top, but I guess they deserve it after suffering for over 70k words. :)
“Could you hold her for a sec? I need to start packing her things. Dorothy will be here soon,” Cas said and handed Dean the baby.
A crewmember is sent after them to make sure they leave the restricted area right away.
“I could say the same about you, Dean,” the priest told him. “I believe your friendship has saved Castiel more than once.”
“Fuck, Dean,” Aaron cried out when Dean’s lips closed around his cock. Dean had never done this before but apparently Aaron didn’t notice and gently, but with determination to keep Dean where he was, carded a hand through his hair. He was grateful Aaron warned him in time before he came and didn’t make him swallow as he wasn’t so sure he would have made it without choking.
“Why bisexual? You could tell us if you’re gay, we’re not judging you, right Sammy?” she says, laying a hand on Sam’s arm.
Dean runs his hand up Cas’s arm, barely even touching, until it reaches the base of his neck, rubbing his thumb gently over his collarbone and Cas feels prompted to deepen the kiss. He angles his head more, parts his lips and—
They each throw open one side of the church portal, blades drawn. Some of the votive candles in the side-aisles are still lit. Cautiously, they advance towards the altar, past empty pews, only to find a single man sitting in the third row, his head bowed in prayer.
He sits on the ground, arms slung around his legs, to watch the surf roll landwards from a safe distance. The night sky is wide but it is impossible to tell where it ends and the ocean begins. He looks out for shooting stars, hoping to make a wish, though the blinking dots above him remain unmoving.
Dean fell asleep at the pool, had to hurriedly take a shower and is now late for his tango class with Jody. This was not a part of their agreement. She’s going to be mad again and Dean fully deserves every word of her scolding speech he’s about to hear.
“Please, can we just pretend this never happened?” Dean says.
“Great, now you owe me 25 cents.”
After half an hour or so his mother came knocking, asking if Cas was okay and Dean reassured her that he was going to take care of him.
“Yeah, sure, no problem, Cas. I’ll see you tomorrow?”
“This is…terrifying,” he says. Then, to Cas, “How do you get out here, see all this and not die?”
“Why are you wearing my coat? Are you naked under there?”
Later, he goes upstairs to his room. Maybe he’ll even spend the night here. His childhood bedroom hasn’t changed much. Mom never redecorated; it’s true that a house meant for a family of four is much too spacious for a single person. There’s still the AC/DC poster pinned to the wall next to his bed. The model of a 1968 Mustang on the shelf above his desk is a little dusty next to a handful of well-used Vonnegut paperbacks. He bought new editions, hardcover, years after he’d moved out.
“You were great, too,” Cas says, a bit stiffly though, and Dean isn’t sure if he’s only imaging it.
- Dean is a dumbass
“Your little Satanist cult friends. I swear, it’s always the same with you this time of year.”
“Coming through… ‘scuse me… You mind? Sorry….”
“Ah, you’re welcome, Dean.”
“What’s your major?”
“Yeah, it’s a good number. Cozy,” she agrees.
He’s being drawn into Dean’s orbit, slowly. Long lashes lower themselves over narrowing eyes. The air is thick again, so thick, he can’t breathe. Then he feels Dean’s breath, hot, just briefly, before their lips touch, his entire body humming with electricity. Dean’s mouth is warm, moist. He tastes like peanuts—or is it just taste on his own tongue? It doesn’t matter.
He had failed to ask when Dean would have to get up and leave for work the night before, but Cas thought the least he could do for his friend was to make him breakfast. Careful not to wake him, Cas headed downstairs into the kitchen and inspected the refrigerator on what he could prepare for Dean. After a few tries on the wrong cabinets and drawers, he had found everything he needed. Also, his discovery of a package of tea lights had given him an idea for a suitable surprise.
“Here, I’ll take him again; it’s almost time.” Kelly stepped closer and he carefully handed the sleeping baby over to his mother. For an instant Cas mourned the loss of the warm little bundle but the show was soon to begin, so he had to put off his musings until a later point.
For a minute or so, nothing happens and Missouri’s head moves slightly, like she’s searching for something inside Cas’s head. Suddenly, she’s still for a second, and then, with a gasp, her eyes open wide, only the white of her eyes visible, Cas looking at her in terror. “Missouri!” Dean yells, throwing himself between them, tea spilling as he hits the table. She lets go of Cas and closes her eyes. They’re back to normal when she opens them once again.
Dean gives him a look, surprised at first, then approving, and leans into him. Cas tries not to watch Sam for a reaction.
“It’s nothing personal,” Cas says. “We eloped. There weren’t any guests.”
He sounds concerned.
“Dean,” he rasps, bringing only an inch of distance between their mouths.
“And its germs will kill you,” Dean deadpans. “Now go find us a place to stay for the week.”
Lucy shies away when she sees it first but a moment later Sam is on his back, Lucy hovering over him, her claws ready and about to poke at his eyes.
Leaves crunch under him when he stirs awake. His side feels damp and the tip of his nose is cold. Dean rolls onto his back. Light falls through the tree crowns—they’re alive, birds chirping and swarming all over, the swish of the waterfall nearby.
When he was done, he wrung the washcloth out one last time and placed it on the edge of the tub. Neither of them had spoken a word in the meantime.
“I thought…you said…you wanted to
Cas’s facial expression changes. “Oh, shit. I’m so stupid. Sorry, I totally misinterpreted… I thought
Cas is shaking. He looks pale. “I feel strange,” he says.
“You’ll conquer the stage soon again, I’m sure,” Dean says when they’re back in the car.
“He’s a merman and that man wanted to kill him because of that. Cas didn’t do anything wrong. He’s just trying to live his life. Please, Jody, don’t tell anyone about him. He can’t end up in some lab with people experimenting on him,” Dean says, sitting on the edge of the tub and reaching for Cas’s hand.
Would he? They were friends, yes, but things had become really awkward between them during the previous year. Dean couldn’t promise he wouldn’t try again to get somewhere with Cas now that his relationship with Aaron had come to an end and Cas clearly didn’t want to be with him that way. Continuing to live with him would only be frustrating. “I’ll think about it,” he said eventually.
Minutes have passed and Dean still hasn’t backed away. Cas can hear Dean’s heartbeat, pumping blood through his veins. He feels the humidity in Dean’s breath.
“Have all of you sat on a horse before?” Athena asks after bringing them to the stables and a staff member, Diego, has already saddled the horses for them.
After another nerve-racking moment, he lowers the papers in his hand. “I passed,” he says.
The words come out of his mouth like a reflex now that he’s feeling Cas the way he is.
“Honestly, I don’t know what to do,” Cas says, then he adds, “you know what’s funny? Alicia Banes said she and her brother still talk to their dead mom. I could use someone like that…I mean, a real, genuine medium or something.”
When he gets back with a small tray, a teapot and three cups, Missouri is asking Cas about his birthdate. “I don’t know,” Cas says, sheepishly.
The glass under their fingers slides another few inches across the table.
“Hello, Sam,” Cas said in lieu of letting himself get even more embarrassed and reached out a hand.
The way he says it speaks of genuine confusion but he’s being so unbearably patient with Dean, it’s infuriating. Why can’t Cas just get mad and tell him what’s what?
The bubble bath is lavender scented, the candle emits a discreet almond smell. A harmonica solo cuts into the steady resonance of guitar, fiddle, piano, singing saw and the brushed drum rhythm that carries on throughout the song.
“Good, thanks,” Cas whispers and Dean nods, marking the end of their conversation.
Cas had never liked receiving presents, but Dean always got him one for Christmas and his birthday anyway. This year Dean had bought him a pair of boxers, dotted with the Batman logo. It was funny, Dean had thought back then, recalling the early days of their friendship. He’d gotten it long before that crucial night. He could certainly not give it to him now. Never. It was too late to get a refund but he couldn’t keep it for himself either. That would only be sad. Maybe Charlie would want them. She could wear the boxers as pajama shorts or anything. Or he could give it to Sam instead. Receiving underwear as a Christmas present would truly bug him.
Two minutes later he caught him staring at the selections of toothbrushes, reaching for one, then putting it back on the rack again. Dean let out an irritated exhale and grabbed a triple pack. “There,” he said. “You can pick a color when we’re home.”
At eleven he finds the time to call Mr. Turner who fends off every last bit of Cas’s criticism.
One night, five new faces appear in the club—two beefcakes, two red-headed lesbians and a twink. They stand out because there are mostly regulars in tonight. They discuss something as they take a lookout on the gallery before splitting up, the girls staying together. The tall guy has already attracted a few groupies. He seems slightly uncomfortable, politely trying to get rid of them so he can continue his determined walk to wherever he intended to go and then it becomes clear what, or rather
“And what exactly did you get punished for?”
Mick has been calling him more frequently since he’s returned to the UK and he, too, understands that something is seriously bugging him. Cas isn’t sure if he regrets having sex with him while he was here. Nostalgia was the motivating factor but maybe sleeping with his ex wasn’t such a great idea after all.
“Music?” Dean asks.
“What?” Cas says, pulling back the covers.
Dean was just a kid when his mother died.
“Santa, I’ve been very naughty this year,” he says after they’ve made out for a while, a mischievous smile on his face. One of his hands disappears beneath the surface.
As they cross the bridge out of town, Dean realizes he hasn’t really got a plan. They’re not equipped for a hike and the purpose of this excursion was a leisure walk, an hour or two maximum. Dean might be getting down with a cold after his near-experience in the chilly ocean today and he should rather not strain himself. And Castiel—Dean isn’t even sure his shoes fit him properly, although he hasn’t complained yet.
“What do you want from me now? You told me you’re in love with me—and?”
“I thought you’d need one,” Sam says.
And Dean was right. It really does help to get his mind off work, if only for a little bit, and it’s been far too long since the last time he watched that movie.
“Me too,” Cas says, a soft smile on his face.
“Then say it. Tell me what you want me to do.”
“Hey, mom. I’m just calling because of us visiting in two weeks and I wanted to ask if it’s okay to bring someone, too.”
“Do you accept my apology?”
“You’re smiling,” she notes.
“I slept great. Finally a bed that’s long enough for me. I swear, those dorms were built for hobbits,” Sam says.
“I guess I… Thank you, man. I would be fish dinner by now without you,” he says. His entire body is trembling. “How about we go someplace warm, get some hot coffee?”
“Better,” Cas answered. “But I think I wanna go home now.”
“Dean Winchester!” the person outside his house calls. It’s Sheriff Mills. He had completely forgotten about her.
He hesitates.
After a pause Dean resumes, “And, I have to admit, Annabel’s behavior earlier was a bit odd.”
“Oh shit, I’m so sorry!” Cas blurts.
Thank you all for reading and your lovely comments! <3
Cas gives him an affirmative nod.
Mary came looking for him when she got back from work in the afternoon and found Dean still curled up on his bed. He wasn’t crying anymore as he had no more tears left, but his pillow was soaked wet with those that had been shed.
“Tomorrow is Saturday. We won’t have to leave the bed for the entire day,” Dean said, cocking an eyebrow and hauled the covers over them when he had cuddled up against Cas’s side.
After the crash the room is cloaked in silence.
“Your father was talking to himself,” Mary said, putting the blame on her husband.
Cas is sitting in the middle of the sofa, Dean next to him with his legs draped over Cas’s lap. They’re sharing a blanket that Dean keeps crumbling popcorn onto as they watch
Dean abruptly leans forward on his chair. “What? Why?”
“It’s a miracle she’s still going. The peeling varnish is the least of your problems.”
“This is so fucked up,” Dean says, sitting on his bed, and rubs both hands over his face. He can’t possibly feel things other than hatred towards Cas Novak, can he?
“Dean, you’re here!” Benny cried out but Dean could hardly hear him. He was saying something else that Dean didn’t understand. “What?”
Later that evening, when Cas had gone to bed, he felt much better about accepting Dean’s help. Life was almost like it used to be with Dean being his friend and roommate and soon they would be hanging out with Charlie and Dorothy again, too.
Sam and Jess joined them, the younger Winchester brother carrying a big bowl with greens in it. “We’ve got salad!” he announced.
Dean hesitated before he answered. “I wanted to know if you’d like to be my roommate after college. I don’t know where exactly we’d live, but I just wanted to know if you were even available for the idea. But that doesn’t matter now anyway.”
Dean’s hands wandered down his back to grab two handfuls of firm denim-clad ass. The guy moaned into his mouth and Dean took the opportunity of holding his rear end to pull him close to his crotch and began to shamelessly grind against him.
“Cas, I’ve never loved you more than in this very moment,” Dean said.
“Okay,” Dean says when he’s found a parking space that’s close to the studio entrance. “Call me when you’re done. I’m gonna stay nearby.”
“Yeah, thanks, I’d like that,—”
“I’ll buy beer on the way back to the motel,” Dean sighs.
“Oh, someone was confident to get laid on this trip,” Dean says.
Cas stops. “Why?”
He was all giddy when he got behind the steering wheel of his car. So Cas wanted to fuck. Dean was getting it up his ass tonight. He imagined what Cas’s beautiful cock would feel like breeching his tight hole. It had been a long time since Dean had gotten fucked in the ass. And he had missed it. And ever since he had seen it for the first time he had wondered how it would be to have Cas’s thick cock inside him. He’d been drunk and his memories were foggy, but recently he had been able to get a much better picture and he was sure Cas was going to make him feel so good tonight.
“You agreed with me on them!”
Half an hour later someone knocked at his door. He was still too wound up to sleep anyway.
Cas has taken the lube from him, rips the packet open and pours some on his fingers.
“Today was easier than I thought it would be,” he says and pulls Cas close by his waist.
“Um, just, slightly unwell,” he says.
This is it. His vacation is officially over. Now it’s just suffering through to finally get home. He doesn’t know what he’s supposed to do once they’re back in Kansas. With that bitch Novak alone he could probably cope but with Jody as their new sheriff he feels outnumbered. And why the fuck are these thoughts making him feel guilty? He doesn’t want to hate Jody. It’s not really her fault. She was assigned before she even knew him and she actually seems like someone who can handle the job.
The fairy tale, not the Disney movie. A kind of tragic he can relate to. The curiosity, the exploration of the unknown. The loss of love, the betrayal. He’s no stranger to all of these. And the protagonist was young and innocent, just like he used to be. It didn’t end well for her and Sam supposes it won’t for him either.
“Castiel, I can see how much you’re hurting. Talk to your friend,” Father Jim advised him once again.
“They are going to show up here sometime soon. We need to move your stuff to the closet in my bedroom. Most of it, at least. Make sure every morning that your bed looks like no-one has slept in it for a while. I guess you can leave your things in the bathroom. They should be able to convince that we’re using separate bathrooms because we can afford the luxury.”
“You’re alive?” he breathed.
Dean realizes his mouth is hanging open and quickly closes it before he starts drooling.
Dean went to the end of the hallway to his own room and looked down to Cas’s, somehow hoping he would return outside to look at him once more. He waited for a minute but Cas didn’t show.
Cas’s tongue quickly licked over the slit of his cock and then he swiftly swallowed him down as far as he could. Fuck, Dean had missed this so much. It had been so long since they’d done this. Since they’d done
“Yes… I should probably tell him. I mean, my parents know now, so he should too.”
“Ah, well, that ain’t the worst either, am I right? Steady job, good pay. You got lucky, Jodes.”
“Here,” he says as he drapes it over his mom and brother.
“Cas, are you alright?” Dean asked, clapping a hand on his shoulder.
“Fine,” he mumbled and complied. “You know, I can smell the pancakes. You really didn’t need to—”
“Fuck you, Dean,” Charlie snapped.
It’s nice, great quality, and Mrs. Graham is an expert in her field.”
“I don’t know. Maybe it’s the cop in me talking, but you look like you could end a fight if you had to. Not start one, though, you don’t appear to be that kinda person. But if someone came at you, like, some drunk at a bar for instance, you’d know how to defend yourself.”
“Is it okay if I leave you for a minute? I need to check on Sam and make sure Jody isn’t calling for assistance.”
“Cas said you’re allergic to cats. Francis will stay in my room while you’re here,” she told him.
He sits up in the tub and looks over to the iPod but it’s too far to read. Whatever song it just jumped to—
“Never.”
“Good. Then, cheers again,” she says and clinks their glasses together.
“Ihaveagirlfriend,” she spills quickly and immediately after crouches as if she’d like to disappear under the table.
“Turn onto your stomach,” he tells Dean.
Before he even realizes it, the show is over and after a moment of awestruck silence, the crowd erupts in fiery applause. It takes Dean a while for his brain to catch up but when it does, he springs from his chair, clapping his hands like his life depends on it. From the corner of his eye he notes Rowena and Balt rising to their feet as well and when he eventually dares to glance over his shoulder, almost everyone in the audience is giving them standing ovations.
“Forget it, Cas,” Dean says and climbs onto his horse.
“How is that?” he asks with a smirk.
Cas pursed his lips. He couldn’t decide whether to be mad or sad.
“How can you not know? Don’t you have eyes?”
“Ca-asss,” Dean hisses and Sam grunts when his brother accidentally kicks him under the table instead of Cas.
“Nothing. But it was odd, him being there. It was one coincidence too many for my liking.”
“I think I just had too much coffee today.”
“We might be having a Princess and the Pea,” Mr. Turner murmurs into his whiskey while he’s taking a drink.
“They worked a spell?” Dean says. “Please, tell me it’s not witches again.”
“Of course I have,” Dean huffed. He’d had real trouble with writing it but now he was mostly satisfied with his wording. He had also tried to memorize it, though he was certain he’d black out in front of all those people and had decided to talk as freely as possible but with his notes always ready in his hands.
“Well, I couldn’t find any evidence for self-defense.”
Then Balthazar’s hand is on Dean’s back and they’re being moved closer together. Much closer. Too close. Dean is hesitant to breathe in again ‘cause they’re already really tight and inhaling would only make it worse.
Cas shakes his head. “Dean, as you know, my powers are very limited since the Apocalypse. I can’t just magically make a set of eyes appear out of nowhere. I’m sorry.”
“Yeah, I’ve been busy. But how about we talk next week and see if we can make it out for a drink or two?”
“So he’s a just a prude?”
“I’ll see you around,” Dean says and leaves.
“No, Cas, that was good, do it again,” and Dean released a long exhale as Cas obliged. “You’re doing so good, baby.”
“Probably.”
“I’m not so sure about that… I’m really shy around—” Something lit up inside his head. “Maybe my friend Dean can help me. He’s really confident when it comes to girls, I think. I can talk to him openly about things like that. I’ve never had a friend like him before.”
He shook his head over how silly the idea was and turned to face the other way.
Dean still lay on his back and rubbed his hands over his face.
“Did you call?”
“He’ll only have time for me again in a few weeks?”
“He won’t? Why not? I double checked with him last week if it was okay for me to come in today and he said—”
“Do you think we were convincing enough tonight?” Cas says then.
He was a little early but one never knew what might be coming up—especially when it was Charlie Bradbury’s wedding. Sure, the timeline had been laid out to perfection in advance, but during the time Dean had spent assisting the planning process he had realized that nothing was ever certain with his best friend in charge.
Then, without a warning, Dean comes to a halt. He stares at him as his hands leave Cas’s body and trail down to his belt buckle instead.
“I love you, too,” Cas replied under his breath. “This was good, wasn’t it?”
Dean knows he’s doing no-one a favor by going on this trip but getting the chance to annoy the crap out of Cas is totally worth every second he’ll have to suffer. This vacation is already a disaster anyway so he can use the time remaining to make it even worse for the guy who cost him his well-deserved promotion. And hey, cowboys!
white wine for Sam, a beer for Dean and a lemon soda for Jack. Dean can barely decide what he should eat and reckons some home-made lasagna can’t hurt. Jack gets linugine con pesto, Cas also orders pasta that will mostly be eaten by Dean in the end, and Sam has his with seafood along with a salad, of course.
“I’m glad to hear that, Cas,” Dean says, gazing into his breathtakingly beautiful eyes. A second passes, before Dean gives the door behind Cas a slight push to close it and then presses his body into Cas’s until his back hits the door and finally kisses him again.
“Well, anyway,” Dean finally speaks up, “it’s very nice to meet you, Rowena. You too, Balthazar.”
“I’m not scared,” Dean insists. “Grab the camera, will you.”
“You were shaking,” Cas says in response to his frown.
“Still not interested,” she says. A guy comes up to her and they apparently know each other because she willingly follows him when he takes her hand and pulls her away. From afar he can see them starting a game of darts. At least he finally manages to get the bartenders attention and order his whiskey.
Cas smiled and breathed out in relief. They kissed, only for a minute because Dean was already running late, but certainly not lacking the passion in anticipation of the sex they were going to have soon, and then Dean had to leave.
Not far from them were two figures getting near the Winchester’s graves.
“I wouldn’t hurt you,” Dean blurts out, “I’m in your debt.” They should stop pretending they’re still talking about a picture.
“Alright,” he says, suppressing a burp, and gets up from his chair, only to sit again by the piano and begins to play something very fast that can hardly be mastered in under an hour. A few years maybe.
“You think?”
“Why do you assume it was a girl? You know I’m bi, it could’ve also been a boy,” Dean replied rudely.
The first beer was followed by another and during the third Dean started to feel a pleasant buzz. Cas was trying to keep up with him and swaying slightly when they squeezed through the sea of people to look who else was there. It was everything but easy to get forward as other party goers were constantly in the way.
“Cas is just a friend, okay?” It was too early for annoyance like that. “Please, y’all, would you be so nice and change the subject,” he begged and they generously left him off the hook.
The neighborhood looks nice and there’s a blue, two-story house at the address Dean gave him. It has a trim yard with a few shrubs and a small porch. They walk up to the front door and Cas reminds Claire once again not to mention that he and Dean are dating.
“Wouldn’t trade her for anything,” Dean replied.
“I’d still like to get to know you better. You seem like a cool guy, even though your mind’s occupied with another person right now.”
“I’m sorry but you’ll have to endure me being sappy. I’m proud of you.”
“So, no more fighting this time?”
“Cas, are you okay with this? Because you have to know if we get naked, I want you. I want you inside me.”
After they had arrived the next day, they spent a nice and quiet evening at a bar with Benny, his wife Andrea, Ash and Kevin who had also managed to come. Cas showed everyone pictures of his newborn niece, Lily, and Dean appeared to be even more excited to meet her soon than he was.
“I mean, it sort of does.”
“It’s good to hear you’ve found a place to stay.”
“And you,” he resumes, “you really took the easy way out by saying it and dying right after the words had left your mouth, so you wouldn’t even hear my thoughts on all,” he makes a gesture with his hands, “this.”
“Okay, quick unpacking, put on some beachwear and then off we go,” Dean says and unlocks their room while Sam hands Cas the key for the second room.
them out but its feels like they’re stuck halfway down his throat.
“I’d love to,” he says. He would do anything if the response was always the smile Cas is giving him right now and Dean feels the urge to touch him again. “May I?” His hand is aiming for his neck, the gills, though touching those might hurt him or maybe restrict his breathing—he’s got no clue about merman anatomy.
Cas nodded in agreement but didn’t say anything. Couldn’t he stop this already? All Dean had done was get them a case.
“I’m still here,” Dean said, still a bit hoarse.
They’re both startled by a door creaking a few yards down the hallway, Dean extending a protective arm across Cas’s body. “Kids,” a man says. He’s opened his door a small crack, sticking out his balding head. “Mind keeping it down a little. Or do I have to get your parents?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean avoids his eyes. “You’re just saying this to make me feel less bad about myself because you don’t want your fake husband to be grumpy all the time.”
They make their way along the path, flattening now slightly, almost there. A few years ago they built a look-out platform on the hill, assumingly to make the route more attractive for hikers, but Dean thinks it’s nice, too. They leave the dense forest and find themselves on a clearing, right atop the hill, this massive wood construction in its center.
Dean knocked at Cas’s door and opened it carefully when Cas didn’t answer. His room was empty, the bed was already made.
He didn’t notice Charlie standing behind him and almost runs into her as he proceeds to his flight.
Sam shrugs. “I’ve always wanted to go to Italy.”
“Can we,” he started, swiping away the sweat from his forehead. “Can we have sex?”
They paid their bill and headed to the parking lot. “Can I drive?” Dean asked, already knowing the answer.
Castiel is dumbstruck. Then something dawns on him.
“That’s right,” she says, shooting finger guns at Jody. Then she turns towards Dean. “And who’s this handsome man here? Is he your—”
“You know,
“No,” Cas shakes his head, “I mean I’m not good at this,” he says, gesturing towards the piano. “I should be, but I’m not.” He sits on the bench and buries his head in in his hands once again.
Sam hadn’t come downstairs yet and Mary was sitting opposite her husband, expecting him to explain. He acted like he didn’t notice her staring. “John?” she said in a demanding tone. He didn’t look up. “John!” she repeated, louder this time.
“He doesn’t. He’s just pretending to get me into bed with him.”
“You’d be wearing that cheap sheriff’s star from two years ago every day if you could,” Cas says.
There’s really nothing to worry about, no. Dean won’t tell the feds about their arrangement. They equally profit off their marriage and apparently he can count on his friends as well to back up their story. Not because he asked them to lie but because they’re left in the dark about the true reason he got married so quickly as much as the people who were sent by the government to interrogate him today.
“Welcome to the Bodega Ángel where we’re having dinner tonight and you’re also having the pleasure of tasting several fine wines that were produced right here. I won’t join you in that because I’m the driver and responsible for you. Please, follow me,” Athena says.
“I don’t know if I should tell you this,” Cas says.
“Dean can also come if he likes,” she says and they arrange to have a sleepover again.
Dean ponders continuing like this, even after Cas has got a fish tail full-time again. They could still be together, by the waterfall, even during the day, or meet up at the beach. It’s a risk, though. They could be spotted, Cas could get in danger. And this isn’t a life, sneaking around all the time, one of them living in the ocean, the other ashore. In the end, it won’t be worth it, considering Dean’s mortality. Compared to Cas’s lifespan, Dean isn’t more than a blink of the eye, eventually forgotten.
“See,” she says, looking at Cas over her shoulder, “I don’t need a babysitter anymore.”
“No, you were right. I wanted to ask you out. I really like you, Cas.”
“Yeah,” Dean sighs and presses pause on the remote. “You’re welcome.”
Dean wasn’t going to forgive his father for this so easily should he decide to apologize.
During dinner the next day, Zeke rushed to address the topic first thing after dessert. Cas was glad he had waited until after everyone had eaten, as their food would have probably gotten cold if they had discussed this beforehand.
For the first time since Cas had taken a seat next to him, Dean looked at him directly.
“No…yes. I guess. But I was still pissed when he dumped me. He’d grown on me.”
They part awkwardly, Cas taking a step behind, Sam glancing at Dean, expecting him to do something to break the ice.
“Nonsense, don’t listen to him. Of course I want you to be honest.”
“Hey, I just wanted to check if everything’s alright,” he said.
It was coming. She wanted to sleep with him. Sexual love. “I’m feeling the same way, Meg,” Cas assured her.
“You jump, idiot,” Meg says and does just that.
“I think at the auto show he told me it’s already been sold,” Cas says and furrows his brows. “I’ll better take a look inside. Just in case he’s here. I want to talk to him.”
“Uh, I hate you,” he sighs, “no more Dean-talk for tonight, promise?”
“Presentable enough?” Dean asks when he leaves his room to find Cas impatiently waiting in the hallway.
“I see,” Cas said. “Tell me about her. How long have you been together?”
When night falls, their small group is gathered around the campfire and Athena asks how they like it so far. Everyone agrees that this trip is one of the best things they’ve ever had the pleasure to experience. Then they return to being silent. They’re already used to it and Dean doesn’t mind. He lets his head fall back and takes in the beauty of the stars sprinkling the darkness above them. He used to go camping with Sam and his dad when they were kids and Dean always appreciated the unhindered view of the night sky but those childhood memories can’t possibly be compared to what he’s seeing now.
“Only that they’ll keep an eye out for missing persons reports. They still don’t know who the guy was or where he might have come from given that they couldn’t find any personal items.”
“Cas,” he breathes out, facing him, and when the angel’s tender gaze meets his, Dean takes the final steep and closes the distance between their lips. Cas doesn’t startle at all, leaping all the way into the kiss, pulling him close by his waist and Dean slings his arms around Cas’s shoulders.
“Not really. Do you?”
“Have a good night, Dean,” Cas said and watched as Dean walked down the hallway and out the door.
Cas’s hands rest on Dean’s waist and, at loss for words, he kisses him again. One hand slides down Cas’s bare back, skin like silk, a steady rise and fall with every breath under Dean’s touch. He presses the entire length of his body against his, desperate to feel every inch of him, and Cas does the same. Dean can feel him harden at his middle. He doesn’t want to exploit Cas but he only seems to grow with every starved out kiss. Dean slows him down, holding him back just lightly, Cas chasing his lips, open-mouthed, but Dean puts a gentle finger on them to keep him at bay. Cas opens his eyes, puzzled. Dean’s hands glide down his bare sides, thumbs pressing into the dips below his hipbone, stopping at the denim barrier of his jeans. One-handed, he pops the button, eyes never leaving Cas’s. A hot exhale hits his face, waiting for Cas to object or ask what’s going on but he stays still. Both hands on the jeans, Dean draws the zipper open. Cas gasps. Then, Dean proceeds to take off his own shirt, pulling it over his head without hurry, Cas’s jaw is hanging open as he watches. Carelessly, he discards the shirt on the floor and reaches up to Cas’s face, stroking a palm over his cheek.
“I’d appreciate if you’d at least refrain from using that name in this context while we’re in this house,” Cas said. His next thought was odd considering where they were but he had no doubt he wanted it. “Fuck me, Dean,” Cas said as he stared into his boyfriend’s beautiful eyes.
“What did she do?”
His husband’s eyes met his and a wide grin spread on Cas’s face. “You’re gorgeous,” he said before ducking down again. He took the lace between his teeth and pulled at it, released it and let it snap back. The small pain and sound of it made Dean squirm beneath him.
“Ah yes, the thing with the Superman underwear,” Dean said, like he knew exactly what Cas was talking about.
“What’re doing?” Charlie asked, having sneaked up behind him.
“Well, thanks to you I won’t be wearing the real version,” Dean snaps. Then, to Athena, he says, “We’re cops, you know, but he is also a treacherous asshole.”
“I don’t really feel like talking,” he says instead.
“I think he’s nice,” she says.
“Cas, please.” He places a hand on Castiel’s knee. “I can see how tense you are. Please, stay.”
“It was awesome,” Dean confirmed.
“I think I’m good for now,” Dean says, stopping abruptly as soon as he’s done.
“It’s not only that,” Cas resumed. “She’s fallen in love with someone I’m close with. How could they hurt me like this, Father?”
Dean’s grip on him loosens and Cas lowers the camera.
Maybe he should just do it. He hadn’t in a long time anyway.
“And from yours?”
Taking a sharp breath through his nose, Dean says, “Sure.” It’s always better to have a model.
“Yeah, I know, babe. Sorry,” Benny replied apologetically.
“Emma, that’s the men’s department over there. Stop, where are you going?”
“Sam’s having his first girlfriend and he’s still mad at me for teasing him about it,” Dean explained when they walked back inside.
“That’s just the way he is. I know he seems very stiff when you first get to know him but he’s a really fun guy.”
He opens the trunk, puts his bag inside and sits down on the edge. “I’m going to miss you so much, Cas,” he says and he hates how whiny his voice sounds.
“I’m sorry you had to suffer like this,” Jody says but the smirk on her face doesn’t fit the tone she’s going for.
“Call it what you want. The point is that you can’t do this. We had a deal, remember? No romantic or sexual relations with anyone. Do you think you could keep it in your pants?”
“I thought you weren’t listening. Bikini Leia was on!”
“Rowena, our ice prince has found another prince to thaw his frozen heart.”
“Couldn’t you already guess?”
Cas pulls back once again. He grabs Dean’s hand and proceeds to drag him towards his bedroom.
“What? Claire, no, I wasn’t drunk. And I didn’t get sick from just a few beers.” He turns the key in the ignition and the engine comes to life. “You should be careful what you’re implying there.”
“You, uh…” Dean’s a little overwhelmed right now.
“I don’t know, Dean. My family has never talked about anything like this. A man and a woman being together was always the norm. What other constellations there might be was never mentioned. I only know what other members of the community think and it’s mostly not positive, believe me.”
“Yes, actually, it is. We wouldn’t be where we are now without this former crappy old car of mine.” He didn’t mean for his words to come out so dreamy. He clears his throat. “So, uh, Mrs. Winchester, has Dean always been this much into cars?”
“Gunnar Lawless is the most masculine man I’ve ever had the pleasure to meet in person. I even had his poster in my room when I was a boy.”
“Dean, I told you not to get me any presents.”
“Boys!” Mary interjected. “It’s Dean’s last evening before he goes back to college. Can we all please be nice to each other?”
“Good, wasn’t it?” Dean says, wiping the plate clean with his last bit of pancake. Cas nods his head enthusiastically. His cheeks are flushed and Dean’s gaze lingers briefly on his lips, absently licking syrup off his finger, sweet like the wonderful view.
“It’s possible,” he said. “Did you see how she looked at him?”
“I’m sorry, too, you know,” Cas tells him. Maybe Dean wants to act like certain things never happened but Cas thinks it’s better to spell it out before it’s too late. “I crossed a line the last time we met and I apologize.”
He should have killed Lucifer the moment he noticed him in the park. The other angels fled because they hadn’t realized the Devil was mostly powerless. Cas, on the other hand, knows. Summoning the strength for the reddish glow of his eyes had been enough to make him struggle for air. Angels don’t necessarily rely on oxygen. Lucifer might not have lost all of his grace but compared to what he had been capable of before he was thrown into Apocalypse World, his powers are nothing more than cheap tricks.
“Yes. I’m gonna start a new life here.”
A car was driving up to the house and Dean walked towards the window and peeked outside. “My dad is here,” he announced. “We should go and say hi.”
“Captain, I’m so sorry for the other day. I don’t usually get into fights. Well, mostly bar fights, but then I’m the person who’s been called to end them.”
Dean sniffles, forcing back tears. Enough about that. Clapping his hands on his thighs, he says, “Time for breakfast. Or brunch. We eat, then we go on a hike and talk about more cheerful stuff. Being human isn’t solely about being miserable all the time. We’re going to enjoy ourselves.”
Cas claps on his thighs and gets up from the couch. “All right then. Let’s go. I’ve always wanted to take a proper look on a human settlement.”
Dean hoped this subject was finally done, once and for all. Dean and Cas were totally platonic friends and that was it. Dean was with Aaron and Cas was with the church. There was nothing more to add to that.
“Oh, yah, it’s okay. Just…stay off my bridge,” she says.
“Let’s sit down, okay?” he says and Mary appears like she wants to argue, opening her mouth to say something, but then changes her mind and takes a seat at the table.
Max gets up, pats Dean’s back as he greats him and Dean slides into the booth, taking Max’ seat next to Sam. On the other side of the table he faces Max’ sister Alicia and another girl he hasn’t seen before.
“Is he your cat?” Castiel asks.
“You sure you’re alright, love?” Missouri asks once again. Of course the news of Dean’s almost-drowning had already spread.
“Is that what this is all about?”
Not much later, they’re back home and Dean proposes to make them an early dinner. Cas is going through his books again, looking at pictures of ghost towns and abandoned buildings. When he’s in the middle of cutting onions, he drops the knife and turns around to Cas. “I’m going with you today,” he says, arms crossed over his chest to emphasize his determination.
Dean’s eyes got huge at the sight. He was shivering visibly, his breathing fast, heart racing.
“It’s a place you can go to read and borrow books. You know what books are?” Dean feels weird about patronizing Cas this way but he has come to realize that he has actually no understanding of how much Cas already knows about all things human.
Quickly he reached out one arm and grabbed the scandalous garment from her to stuff it under less incriminating pieces of clothing.
Jack steps inside the room. “When I was in Heaven,” he says, “the Empty came for me. Castiel offered to take him instead. He saved me.”
“I love you,” Cas whispers once again before he eventually finds the sweet mercy of his climax, spilling warmly into Dean. He slips out and lowers himself along Dean’s body, trembling with anticipation of what’s to come, to finish him with his mouth, tongue twirling along the head, sucking him in and listening to Dean’s choked sighs as he writhes beneath him, a hand reaching for Cas’s hair.
“You’re taking a bus overnight?” she asked casually as she was driving.
“Is your mother’s ghost haunting your house, too?” he asks then. It’s probably too personal and he shouldn’t have interrogated but he’s anxious to know.
Cas looks down into his lap. Oh, right.
“Is he here?” Sam asks.
“Yes. But the worst thing about this was that I was about to get deported.”
Jody sighs. “Look, Dean, I should make some calls. Maybe I can find someone who’ll recognize him. How about you take care of him meanwhile?”
“Good. Then, I guess, it’s alright if it’s just Dorothy, Aaron, you and I during spring break.”
He gapes at her, only a strangled sound escaping his throat.
Cas felt awful. Who was he kidding? He desperately needed Dean to be on board with this.
His phone purrs again. A text message from Sam.
“How long have you been together?” his father asked instead in a completely neutral tone.
Cas gets Dean onto his back again. There’s no rush this time. Cas holds Dean’s hands above his head, languid kisses accompanying the steady motion of his hips as he glides in and out of him, almost lazily.
“I’m fine,” he says, “really. We’re divorced and she can date whomever she likes. The same applies for me.”
They do more small talk throughout dinner, the Klines throwing in weird remarks from time to time, and over making plans to go horseback riding and a few glasses of excellent wine, Cas forgets that his nemesis is still in the same room with him.
Cas closes his eyes for a second. “Okay,” he says then.
“I’m in,” Cas says.
“Man, don’t say that! We’ll crush them. They’ll be crying for their mommies when we’re finished with them,” Benny argued. Duke’s victory was beyond question for him.
Dean’s jaw moved awkwardly, trying to form words. “Yeah, right. I’ll leave you alone to get dressed,” he managed eventually and got up from where he had been sitting on the floor, quickly shoving the boxes to the wall, so Cas could get through to his stuff.
“Of course, Cas,” the priest said as he stepped closer to hug him. “You will be missed.”
“From whom?”
After checking in again, before they enter the elevator, Jody pulls him aside and says, “Come to my cabin in fifteen minutes. There’s something I have to tell you.”
“I didn’t believe anything. I thought this was all some strange dream and hoped I would wake up soon. Emma left me her and her mom’s number and told me to give them a call when I had gotten over the shock.”
It’s kind of strange to ride in a car, at this speed, after three days on horseback. The engine roars and the grassland is passing by so fast that Cas almost gets sick as he tries to take in the view one last time.
“Alright,” Dean says and claps his hands together. “Let’s go for a walk.” He throws on the flannel shirt that has been hanging over his desk chair and leads Castiel out the door.
“I must confess, I’ve really fallen in love with the merman,” he says.
“Better don’t phrase it like that to Cain’s face,” he says.
“Unfortunately,” Castiel replies before Dean can come up with something.
“Any time, Cas.”
“He’s still friends with his ex,” Dean says.
“I really thought we were on the same page, Cas. It’s really unfortunate we clearly aren’t. You might want to talk to Father Theodore about this.”
He takes a deep inhale through his mouth. Then, he freezes.
“Does he know you’re—”
Cas raised an eyebrow at him and pushed his ass down onto Dean’s lap again. “I’d rather say
“Dad is mad at me and it’s gonna be awful when he gets home.”
Claire isn’t pleased that her father has to run an errand after picking her up and keeps bugging him about how much homework she’s got and that she would already be home if she didn’t have to stay with him while her mom’s away.
Gunnar looked at him, his expression unreadable. Did Dean just ask him out by accident?
“Didn’t you say you were going out next week with Benny? To a club or so?”
He still can’t fathom how this was possible, how he could let it happen. He’s tried to forget, hoped he could get drunk enough so he wouldn’t remember in the morning but he can’t escape the memories. They just keep coming up, at random times, day and night. Cas tried to kiss him but he didn’t allow it. So why didn’t he fight back the rest of his advances? How could Cas get to him so easily? He hadn’t even done anything yet and still Dean got overwhelmed by his arousal.
“You obviously are,” Dean noted.
Cas had returned to his routine after his brief trip to his best friend’s wedding. The stay in Kansas City had been a pleasant variation of how he usually spent his time these days.
Then Dean said, “Hey, Benny. Do you wanna hear a secret?” He leaned closer. “For a very short time, before I met Cas and before I got to know you better, I had a really small crush on you.”
Dean was praying to him. It wasn’t just the usual longing Cas could sense most of the time. Cas could almost see him, sitting on the bed in his room—Castiel’s room!—speaking aloud and trying to make contact.
He went into his room as well, not without loudly slamming the door shut.
brother months ago. Now Sam was his younger, much taller brother.
“Uh, hello Alicia… Um…” Witch or no witch—he doesn’t want any more people to think he’s lost his mind.
“Okay. I was thinking we could have spaghetti if that’s alright?”
“You already claimed the major female characters.”
He felt panic stir in his stomach. Something wasn’t right. So. Not. Right.
“No, Dean, honestly, if I had known…”
“Are you wearing something already?” Emma asks from outside.
“Later, bitch,” Dean says and they hang up.
“What did you say?” Cas asks but is hardly able to finish the question before Dean takes him by the hand and drags him downstairs.
“I already spoke to them earlier in case something like this happened,” Cas said.
“Should the case allow it, I certainly will,” he replied before saying goodbye and leaving the store.
Dean squirms under Cas’s arm, making himself smaller.
“What are you going to do with him? Where is he supposed to stay?” Dean asks.
He pushes past Dean who fails in getting ahold of him and calm him down and on his way to the door Cas grabs his keys and, with a shatter, the door falls closed behind him, leaving Dean alone in the big apartment.
“Now show me what you’ve got there,” Cas says, smiling brightly. He gives them a small tour and points out his favorite part on every car he’s worked on. “You’ve got a talent, Dean,” he says, “I’m glad I gave my car into your experienced hands.” Now Dean knows how Cas must have felt yesterday when he was complimenting him but he appreciates the ego boost.
“Winners!” Dorothy and Charlie declared in unison as they both reached the lake at the same time.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Very well,” she says. “See you later.”
“Please don’t be mad at her. She told me a few months ago when we were finishing the guest list. She was torn whether to invite Cas or not and I didn’t get why this would be a problem.”
The priest watched him worriedly as his eyes flew over the lines. “And, what is it?” he asked impatiently when Cas had put the paper down.
“Are you taking me away from here?” Dean asked then.
The guilt came creeping back. Of course, Cas wouldn’t have let his friend down either if he were in his place. Cas was there, in Kansas City and homeless and how else could Dean have reacted than—
“Sure…Cas, are you alright?”
“I don’t need you anymore…to be able to stay in this country. Billie said she’ll vouch for me if the DSS are making trouble again.”
Cas frowned. “What did you want to ask me?”
“Castiel,” the priest interrupted, “I don’t want to rush your story but I think it’d be better to relieve yourself by coming to the point at once.” Then Father Jim gave him a knowing look.
“Yes, ma’am.”
Cars are an easy thing to talk about and Dean’s glad the conversation went there, so he doesn’t have to spend the evening in awkward silence. And also with some liquid help, time goes by rather quickly, until Hannah announces she has to go, apologizing for leaving already, but her brother is leaving which means she’s too. Dean decides this is a great excuse to also call it a night and quickly calls himself an Uber.
It was Jack who needed him back the most and he did it without being aware of the magnitude of his abilities.
“You’re disgusting, Winchester.”
He leans over the railing and watches how the propellers whirl water, leaving behind long trails of foam. They’ve put out to the sea about half an hour ago and Dean’s at his second welcome cocktail. He hasn’t seen Novak since their encounter in the elevator and hopes this will last until they’ve reached their destination.
“We met at the mall once,” Emma says. “I’m glad you and my dad are getting along now. You seem nice.”
“Absolutely not,” Dean insists and Cas gives him a questioning look. “You’re in no condition to drive. You can stay here.”
Tanya shakes her head. Dean can hear faint snuffling from her.
“No, nothing like that. I’ll tell you on the way.”
“What do you think you’re doing?” Cas snaps at him as soon as the door’s closed behind them.
Dean was done hugging the rest of the family and gestured Cas to come. Cas quickly nodded at John and he, in return, patted his back.
“Cas, stay! That’s an order.”
What comes next is hard to tell because the song is accompanied by strobe lights and Michael’s and Cas’s eyes appear to glow but it’s likely just an illusion and one has to admit that Cas’s eyes especially are an extraordinarily vibrant blue color. The music is too loud to really tell but the girls and their guy friends are screaming stuff at each other from different parts of the room which is totally pointless in a loud club.
John’s eyeballs dared to pop out of their holes. “Wha—?” he gaped.
“She was there for his last appointment. She seems to be very much into Benny. Of course she’s barking up the wrong tree with him but he kinda enjoyed being flirted with.”
There’s a queen size bed, the entire space kept in a warm gray tone, pastel blue and white. All very clean but not uninviting.
“Are you alright, man?”
“You know who I learned that from, worrying so much?” Cas asks him with a smirk and Dean knows very well who he’s referring to.
“Yes I did,” Dean replied, grinning from ear to ear. “I didn’t know how filthy your mouth is.”
He’s glaring at him like he’s got a problem with Cas obviously alluring to someone else and Cas wonders what the fuck is wrong with this guy. All he can do is ignore him and that’s what he does. He takes a deep breath and another sip from his drink, focusing all his attention on Benjamin.
“Yeah, but… I know you don’t like it when I bring someone over. I wanted him to be gone before you returned.”
Dean had been right. Cas felt light and cozy now and had once again been reassured that he was in good hands with Dean. After drying each other off, Dean made him lie down at the edge of the mattress on his back and Dean kneeled between his legs on the carpet. Cas had made sure to put a towel underneath himself in order not to stain his mother’s sheets with any bodily fluids.
“Let’s not talk about it then,” Cas says.
“Hey,” Cas says, “don’t talk about her like that. She seems like an okay person, I guess.”
After a while, Cas notices that Dean is looking right at him. Dean’s hand reaches up to comb through his hair and pulls down his head to kiss him. Dean doesn’t seem to mind where his mouth has been earlier when his tongue slides past Cas’s lips. The kiss is wet and slow and warm and Dean’s body responds in a rhythm with Cas thrusting into him.
“Hey, Sammy!” Dean shouted but his brother didn’t even flinch.
“Cas?” Dean said again and proceeded to go upstairs, dragging Cas with him.
Dean looks left and right. “Hello?”
“The what will be outside?” Dean asks.
Cas’s hands move, from above his waist to his lower back, even lower and then…his hands are gone, lips withdrawing as well. There’s a creek and now Dean gets what’s going on behind him. He’s pushed forward, slightly, by smooth, solid wood as Cas gently drops the lid and silences the strange tune at Dean’s rear.
“Well, my mom died, too. And my dad, after she was gone, he tried…at least that’s what I’m telling myself. I mean, Sammy turned out just fine.”
“Could you answer my question?”
“Most of them have come of age already, actually, but they’re still my kids and I will always be their mom.”
“Oh, yes. Like when, a month ago, this old lady came in and told me about her late husband’s car and that she wanted to have it fixed before selling it…”
“So,” he says then, “how is your relationship with Emma and her mother today?” It’s better to change the topic for now. Dean will be able to figure things out by himself, Cas is confident about that.
“Hm?”
He watched Cas, giving him encouraging looks as he followed Dean’s instructions and soon he felt a slick finger at his entrance. “Yeah, that’s it, you can use more pressure,” he reassured his boyfriend. Luckily, he had played with himself in the shower earlier to make it easier for Cas and himself.
“Oh Dean, I’m sorry. I didn’t assume—”
“No?” Dean backs away a little.
“It’s very nice to meet you, Cas,” she says, taking his hand. “Why don’t you sit… I’ll make us some tea.” She shuffles around, wheezing slightly as she always does, headed for the back room but Dean stops her with a hand on her shoulder.
In the meantime, Sam has achieved a small breakthrough.
“She has a new boyfriend now—my brother.”
“Uh, yes. I’m fine. Excuse me,” he said and stalked away from them.
“Please, sit,” Jody says and Dean sits down on the loveseat next to Cas who scoots a little to the side to make room for him.
Dean jerks his head around. “What, why not?”
“Are you going to lecture me too about it? Thanks but I already have a dad,” Claire snaps and throws a half-eaten slice of pizza back into the carton.
“So you’re okay with us breaking up?”
“Oh…” Cas is standing awkwardly by the piano. “Dean, you know I need to concentrate and I—”
Finally, Emma is shopping for herself. He doesn’t need a new wardrobe. Not for going out with a bunch of guys who just want to celebrate a friend's upcoming wedding by getting utterly wasted. And he certainly doesn’t need new clothes that weirdly appeal to Cas Novak who’s undressing him anyway with his eyes when he wears them. Dean is not a piece of meat and if he ever wants to be ogled like this then it should preferably be by a pretty lady, a hot one. Definitely not Cas.
Mandy was panting. “I want you, fuck…”
“Did you and your family have a talk?”
Dean removes his fingers to make room for Cas’s and Cas feels him clench at first but then relax into the touch. He’s warm. So unbelievably warm and he can only imagine now how it must feel for his cock to be embraced by this warmth. Patience, though. They’re going there, Dean seems eager.
“I hope you weren’t charged very much then. This thing is a death trap.”
“I wouldn’t call him a friend. But I know him, yes,” Cas says as he takes a seat.
I love you.
Dean is way too pumped to do this properly and Novak is standing way too close, both of which distract him enough to miss the quarter as it falls. And it keeps falling after Dean only managed to grab air.
“Are you a beginner, Dean?”
“Nice to meet you.”
“Dean?”
“Claire!”
“You think the ghost will try to hurt you?” Dean asks worriedly.
“Well, see you later, I guess,” Dean said dumbly when they parted and had to take a few deep breaths leaning against the door as soon as he was safely in his hotel room. However, he had to deal with this situation later. Now his sole focus was supposed to lie on Charlie and Dorothy getting married.
A shadowy figure is lurking in the dark alleyway behind a row of trashcans. Rustling comes from deep inside one of those, probably a raccoon. Something’s stuck to his sole and he tries to wipe it off on the ground. It stinks here. This was supposed to be an adventure but he’d rather have one less smelly and without the threat of rabies infested vermin nearby.
“Yeah, a little brother. He’ll turn fifteen this spring.”
“You thought I’d break up with you because I didn’t like your room—friend. That’s ridiculous!”
“I miss you, too, Dean. We can start making plans tomorrow, okay? It’s late. I think we should go to sleep now.”
“Oh, that’s great. I bet you’ve already made tons of friends who’re all as smart as you are.”
“It’s still early,” Sam says, “could take a while.”
A single tear slid down along his cheek.
“Father Jim told us you’re seeing him today. I suppose this means you won’t be joining us for church tomorrow,” she said.
“I wanted to scare you a bit, jeez. Couldn’t have known you’d overreact like this.”
“I know I should have told you sooner but I wasn’t exactly sure how to start this conversation, but I think now is the best time.”
“So,” Dean started. “I know you don’t like to talk about this, but I’ve been wondering if you got any plans for after graduation. I mean like living arrangements for example, you know.”
Cas realized it was time to ask Dean for advice.
“What? Did he take a taxi?”
“Any girls?” Dean mocks and he can basically hear Sam blushing through the phone.
“Even if they’ll accept your request, this could take years and until then, well, you won’t be in a good position.”
“You know, mom warned me not to help you out against all odds, but I did anyway because I’m stupid and all I ever do is please people in order to come up to their high expectations of me. And you know what? It only ever makes me miserable.”
“What happened?” she first asks Dean, then again, directed at her father, “What happened yesterday?”
“Maybe it was another room,” Cas offers. “Thin walls, possibly.”
They allow the horses some more rest and Jody stuffs her jacket under her head and closes her eyes. Athena has her back turned on them and is staring into the distance.
“They want to make sure I can’t swim away.”
Dean still avoids his eyes.
“You’re right, I know that. This whole thing still sucks. I mean, we could’ve made the most of the time we had left.”
“Ha, yeah. Actually, she’s not a big fan of how I dress.”
“You just use one of those sticks to slide one of the discs into one of those fields. The number it lands on is the points you get, I assume.”
“You aren’t upset that I made Claire’s room ready for you, are you?” Cas asks after the first contestant has left the stage.
“It’d be for the best to remove most of her insides, all of the paint and start from there,” Dean says.
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
They end up shouting at each other over the phone, though the argument is pointless. Claire will still spend Thanksgiving a hundred miles away from him.
“Yes, Dean,
“Are you?” A typical Dean trait.
“I’m going to miss you, though,” Dean adds and Cas feels short of breath.
“No, this is your night, no work. And he hasn’t even seen you yet, so don’t mind him.”
“Dean, what are you doing here?” Charlie asked annoyedly, obviously only woken up recently.
“Charlie?” Dean calls out. His voice can be so deep and gruff sometimes, it gives him goosebumps. Cas wonders if his own voice will ever drop that low.
“Cas,” Dean says, “slow down a bit. What exactly are we doing?”
“So I can put it in the guy’s hat,” he says.
Cas furrowed his brows, obviously trying to think of another explanation.
He shivers as he considers the possibility of Michael having entered this world.
“I’ll do it,” he says, calmer this time.
“You should’ve seen your face,” Dean wheezes, holding his aching stomach and slapping a flat hand onto Cas’s shoulder, then squeezes it.
“Yeah?”
“Hi Casti—excuse me, what is your name?”
“Cas, I’m worried about Dean. He hardly talks to me or to anyone. And you’re doing the same. Why?” she asked, nervously pushing her coffee from one hand into the other.
“Is the water okay?” Dean asks.
Afterwards, they finish the paperwork and Cas hands him back the keys to the truck.
“Dean, honey, what is it,” she asked in concern.
“Dean, I love you, deeply, and all I’d like to do right now is kiss you.”
Aaron moved his own hips up a few times more until he came too and then carefully pulled out his finger. “So, can I fuck you next time?” he asked.
Dean’s fingernails were scraping roughly over the denim of his pants. He grasped it was jealousy that was burning fiercely inside his gut.
When he finally regains the ability to speak, he doesn’t get much further as to open his mouth before Sam’s voice cuts through the air.
“Yes, thank you, I will.”
“What? Did you really think you’re the only one who’s ever been camping?” Dorothy said, slightly offended, putting her hands on her hips.
“Relax, Cas. We may really find something.”
“Yes, like you’ve looked at me for the past few weeks,” Dean replied thoughtlessly.
“No!” Mr. Graham insisted, waving a hand in dismissal. “I never would have hurt her.”
“Well, now you do.”
“It’s nice to see you again,” Dean told him.
“What did you do when you went through that ‘phase’?” she asks sarcastically, making air quotes when she repeats Dean’s word choice.
“No…”
Dean was standing next to him, swaying a little with the baby on his hip. “You don’t look so bad with her either,” Cas said and lightly kissed the girl’s head, then his boyfriend.
A shy smile spread on Cas’s face.
Yep, it was probably for the best that Lisa wasn’t here to see this.
“I will do that,” Charlie promised before leaving Dean and Cas to themselves.
Dancing, so it seemed, would make it easier to get close to him, to find an excuse to touch him, to enclose Michael’s narrow waist with longing hands and to feel the rocking of his hips under clammy palms, maybe even dare to press a kiss on a stubbly jaw. But Michael is like a strong, beautiful lion, effortlessly keeping the hyenas off of him that try to invade his space. When dancing didn’t turn out to be a sufficient enough mating ritual, some guys hoped to approach him in the bathroom, leading Michael into an empty stall and begging him to let them suck his cock or fuck them or both, but not once he went there. So whenever they saw Michael head for the exit in the early morning hours, they’d follow him, trying to see if he’s still this beautiful at dawn but every time they got there, Michael was gone, no matter how close behind him they’d been, like he’s been swallowed by the earth.
In the end, Dean is really glad that Cas made him come here. Not so much for the ballet but for the opportunity to learn about the work of Cain and his team. He’s always liked to build stuff. When he was still in school, woodshop was his favorite class and the only thing that felt like being worth the time. He also taught himself how to fix the Impala because he couldn’t really have afforded to take it to a garage anyway but also because he had a good time doing the work.
do. Charlie does too.”
Next they interrogated Zach Lisowski. The bar he worked at had just opened and only two guests were sipping their beers in silence, each having a table of their own.
He enters their other room first, Cas following. “Dean,” he starts, but Dean pushes him against the door with a hand on his chest. Cas shows now resistance.
“I know… It’s just—I was hoping I could take a look at this together with Dean, since he’s been working on my car from the beginning. I think he already has a good grasp of which direction I want this to be going.”
“Just last night,” Dean informed her.
Dean moaned loudly, his whole body being shaken by the sound he produced, as Cas made the first thrust into him. “Come on, Cas, harder! Show me what you’re capable of,” Dean encouraged him and he could feel Cas pouring out all the aggression he’d had to hold back during the day and turning it into energy. Cas loved him but he also wanted him. He wanted Dean to be his, wanted to claim his body and he could gladly have him and take him in any way he’d like.
“C’mere,” Benny mumbles behind his beard and pulls him into a bone-crushing hug. “I love you, man.”
Sorry for the lack of Dean in the last chapter. Here he is again.
“I’m not 100% convinced yet, but you were right there’s something off with these deaths,” Cas said. Dean counted his reply as a small win.
“A younger brother and my dad.”
“And what about them? Have you ever met a friendly human before? Have you talked to them?”
A man with an accordion is setting up a small stool and a hat next to it, putting some money inside so people know what they’re expected to do. He begins to play, a tango, of course, and soon there’s a couple dancing.
“A cook? How did that happen?”
He retreated to his room and unpacked the books he had brought. Then he made himself comfortable on his bed, trying to choose which he should read first. The image of Meg’s cleavage flashed before his eyes. He really missed kissing her. Meg’s lips had always been so soft…all of her was so soft and her breasts—
“You ain’t gonna tell me, huh?” Dean said to him. “That’s a little bit unfair, don’t ya think? You know what color my eyes are. Unless you’re colorblind… My eyes are green, just fyi.”
“I’ve only talked for about five minutes. Not too much to memorize for you, I hope.”
“Why didn’t you tell me?” Cas asks, slightly disappointed.
After this, they’re silent again. Cas doesn’t seem to be much of a talker.
“If there’s ever been anyone who’s profited off of my money, it’s you!”
“Complete bullcrap, if you ask me.”
When he gets back to being aware of his surroundings, Cas has moved on, putting the plates on the table and Dean notes they still need silverware so he opens the drawer he has been leaning against and takes out three forks.
...and I hope posting this chapter works. My internet is so excruciatingly slow right now.
“Kansas,” she says.
His friends had encouraged him to look for places to volunteer, so Cas had done some research online, even considered getting an actual job. He’d had more than one argument with Dean over the expenses Cas said he caused him by living in his house which had ended every time with Dean telling him to stop being silly and that he made more than up for it with cleaning the house, cooking, doing the laundry and just being there.
Outside in the hall there have been pub tables with white cloths set up in front of another small stage. Waiters are filling trays with champagne glasses.
“Does it bother you?” Cas asks, his eyes going back to normal, if you can call it that, unusually azure as always.
They conclude their trip with another hearty dinner and Dean only gets something to go for Cas because Sam insisted, not because he deserves it or anything.
Carefully, he draws back his hand, stroking his wet fingers along Dean’s cheek and jaw and pulls him into another kiss.
“I wanted to make a good impression on my first day,” she commented as she noticed him staring at the shirt. “Now my eyes are up here.”
In fact, Dean still knows all his step sequences, everything goes smoothly and then Cas stops to let Dean do his decorations and he’d almost forgotten about the sinful leg stroking. After sliding his knee across Cas’s thigh, he comes to a halt with his leg hooked around Cas’s in synchronicity with the music. Dean’s left hand has somehow wandered from his shoulder to the back of his neck, fingertips gently stroking Cas’s hair where it has curled up from the moisture of his sweat.
“Here you are sir, ma’am. Have a good day,” she tells an elderly couple. She’s said these exact same words at least a hundred times today already. There was a time when she enjoyed this but every day is the same now and she can’t wait until this cruise is over and she can go home to stay with Dorothy, forever, this time. No month-long separations anymore.
“Did she say anything else?” Dean asks. He can’t shake the feeling that there’s a hint of doubt in her. They couldn’t find any trace of the guy ever being there after all.
In the folds of the angel’s garment, Dean thought to discern faint traces of white color, though these could’ve also been caused by its prolonged exposure to the sun.
“Yep,” Dean confirmed briefly.
“Don’t you want to know who he is, where he came from?”
“Bye, Cas,” he said and hung up.
“Huh?”
It was slow the second time, actual love making. Dean’s asshole was pretty sore but Cas was perfectly gentle, so Dean didn’t mind the small ache, and they kept up the kissing the entire time until both orgasmed again, remaining completely spent and pleasantly limp.
Finally, Dean sees his house coming closer. His car is still parked there and everything is where he left it. He briefly inspects his wooden sculptures as he walks past them in his front yard. He forgot to ask Missouri if he could display one or two of these in her shop as well.
“Does this mean you’re good?”
He finds a half-finished table, its freshly glued parts held together by clamps. And there he is, with his back turned to Dean and he was warned not to startle him. He tries to approach him as loudly as possible, almost stomping, coughing a little to announce his arrival. Cas looks over his shoulder. “Dean! What are you doing here?” He carefully puts down the hammer he was holding, dusts off his jeans a little and takes off his work gloves and grabs Dean’s hand to shake.
“No, I wasn’t able to fall asleep yet. It was an exciting day.”
“Not sleep with me but in my room, in my bed, geez,” Cas sighs.
"You don't have to say it, Dean."
Jack, actually, sleeps through most of the night, which isn’t surprising after all the action he had on the beach today.
“You almost gave me a heart attack.”
“But,” Cas stumbles, “the volume was rather high. You must’ve heard something.”
“We?” Sam asks, a little perplexed, but Dean can’t hear him because he’s already further down by the shoreline, filling the small bucket with water.
Despite his expectations, Dean slept like a baby. He’s used to sharing a room. He only ever had a space to himself when Sam moved out and the closet Gordon talked him into paying actual money for wasn’t what Dean had had in mind for his first own room.
“What, why not? Didn’t you listen—I hate that guy!”
Dean looks sad all of a sudden. “Does this mean we won’t see each other again?”
“I’m sorry, Cas.”
“Yes,” Dean says. His hands find the back of Cas’s head, fingers combing through his hair, and pulls him close into a kiss. He withdraws just slightly then, looking Cas in the eye. He wants to say so much but he can’t.
“I agree,” Sam said and Cas noticed the quick look he gave his father. “I’d say, welcome to the family, Cas,” he told him and Mary nodded in agreement as Cas blushed upon the warmth he received. John had been outnumbered.
“Dean, I—”
Cas is panting when Dean opens the door to let him in.
Dean turns around to see who he’s talking about. “Cas! You’re here!” There’s also a guy with him.
They didn’t talk any more until they reached their dorm and Dean guided Cas into his room. He got him out of his coat and gestured Cas to sit on the edge of his bed so he could pull off his shoes but somehow Cas missed the mattress and instead his ass landed on the fluffy rug in front of it. For a quick second Dean worried that Cas had hurt himself but then he began to giggle. “Oops,” he said.
Dean is feeling uneasy as he enters the hall, like people are watching him although they obviously aren’t. He knows the captain or anyone else who has been present on the bridge won’t have spread the word about yesterday’s incident. He’s just being paranoid.
“I don’t know exactly. I guess it needs a paint job. And maybe some new parts here and there.”
Honestly, Cas had no idea how he was supposed to spend his time while Dean had a girl over for sex. The thought that his friend was doing…
“We should get started with the Ouija board,” Dean says.
“Just fill me in on what you’ve got,” he tells Sam.
“You’re my best friend, Cas. I love you,” he whispered with his eyes closed. He couldn’t stand to look at him.
“There? I don’t think the restaurant is anywhere near this place.”
“I was supposed to look after Jack and then I lost him.”
“Really?” Ash said. “Astronauts in space could see that Dean was head over heels for Cas, Benny.”
