“Do you trust me?”
“Oh love,” John sighs, wanting to kiss all the worries out of him. “Of course I don’t. Just thinking about falling asleep without you is making it hard to breathe properly.”
John presses Sherlock onto the bed and takes off his trousers and pants for him, no time for teasing. Once they’re both naked, John sinks to his knees and takes Sherlock’s entire, erect length into his mouth in one motion.
Sherlock brushes their lips together, “Good.”
“No, John. Well, yes, but no. It was about that, but now it’s something so much more than just that.”
John kisses the small smile on his lips.
Sherlock turns to look at him, “I don’t know if I can trust such a feeling.”
“Well, my parents insisted we go visit, for lunch.”
“There is a restaurant not far that’s highly recommended,” Sherlock breathes out.
Hopefully by 11. SH
And he has learnt to accept that; of course he has. No choice, really. He has his work, still, even after everything. Most days, he doesn’t mind. Most days, it’s just the norm. Some days, however, it thrums through his veins like the steady beat of a drum - the fact of it. The fact of
Sherlock looks shy all of a sudden, fingers playing with his armrest.
Sherlock exhales audibly, the relief palpable. He knows he will disappoint John throughout the course of their relationship - knows he won’t be able to help himself at some point - but the last thing he wants is to embarrass himself by giving the impression that he could ever be an adequate enough partner to match John’s experience in the bedroom.
“Listen to me carefully, Sherlock,” John says, dark and low, “And listen well. I’m not discussing this. Not with you. And especially not now.”
Me too. Of course. SH
“You are, love,” John smiles. “You’ve let me go despite not wanting to. You did this for me, to make me happy, and for that, I’ll forever be grateful.” John leans down to kiss him, softly. “I never should have left, but I did. I did and now we have to find a solution, anything to avoid letting either of us feel like this again.”
John knows he’s shaking now, hands buried in the sand. He can’t look away from Sherlock’s eyes, seeing there all that he ever hoped for and yet not quite believing it.
“I am not,” John teases. “Not if we want to make it to our lunch date.”
Sherlock nods, wipes the sleep from his eyes and bones and leaps out of bed. He doesn’t have time for luxuries like an extra fifteen minutes under the sheets. Every Wednesday, the shelves are re-stocked with what little there is, and they have to make sure they’re early enough to claim their share for the coming week. It’s a more distinguished game of eat or be eaten that they play, dressed up with built-up stores and manufacturing but, at its core, a lot like predators in nature, hunting and gathering for their share; for their survival.
John considers his answer for a long moment, feeling Sherlock’s eyes back on him.
Sherlock, I’ve left Rosie’s favourite teething toy behind, the little Sophie giraffe she loves so much. Think it must’ve fallen between the cushions of my - the chair. If you happen to see it, let me know. I’m tempted to just run out and get her a new one, or two, or three. God, kids are harder than they’re supposed to be, aren’t they?
Rosie misses you. I wasn’t joking when I said so before. Some days, I think she blames me. She won’t let me hold her, and not once smile at me. I catch her looking at Bill’s front door, as if she’s expecting someone to appear all of a sudden. She also plays all the time with that bee stuffed toy you bought her, and I’ve stopped counting the number of times I find it under my pillow or cover when I go to bed. There are times I think it could be her mom that she’s waiting after, but then I remember that Mary left for months and never really connected with her own daughter. How could Rosie miss her when she barely had the chance to get used to her mother.
“Then I promise to tell you about Mary too,” John replies, taking Sherlock by surprise. “I always wondered why you never asked, but I thank you for not doing so. I want to tell you about her, why I chose her, no matter what she might have thought, and how I felt about her.”
I’m on the bus. Shouldn’t take long now.
Silence fills the room again, thick and heavy on both of their tangled bodies. John holds his breath. He can feel Sherlock’s heart beating against his palm, carefully placed on his chest. The closeness, the very same one that had seemed so impossible to reach before, is now the one feeling he’s clinging to. With Sherlock’s words playing on a loop inside his head, John finds himself wanting to both laugh and cry at the same time, or maybe simply melt into Sherlock and let him find the answers on his own.
Sherlock remains deadly still in the middle of the living room when John walks past him, legs shaking with the effort. He doesn’t linger longer than necessary, grabbing clothes and toiletries, and throwing it all inside his suitcase. He doesn’t cast a single look towards Sherlock on his way out, too afraid of what he might do.
“Fine by me.”
John hesitates. Should he tell him about the complete lack of contact? Or maybe the stiffness of their conversation? Or even better, how Sherlock couldn’t stand touching him on the train?
It’s all wrapped up in his name, everything that they still haven’t said. Everything John had come here to confess. Everything Sherlock has been wanting to hear. The final decision, the easiest one in the end. And so, John leans back in.
They look at each other and start to giggle, low at first but soon morphing into a full on, hearty moment, relief undoubtedly washing through both of them.
“We have a lunch date, remember?” John says, pulling away to kiss him back awake. “Can’t be late.”
s, John looks up into Sherlock’s eyes through his blonde lashes and Sherlock almost finishes right then and there. Instead, he cradles John’s biceps with his hands and lifts him up and off, pulling him on top of him for a kiss, the taste of John mixed with himself making him lightheaded with desire and affection.
Don’t hide from me.
“No,” John answered, “but you can be
John reaches for the full glass in front of him, drinking it all quickly. Sherlock doesn’t seem to be angry, refilling his glass as soon as John sets it down again. John watches silently, picking at his toast without feeling like eating anything. No need to upset Sherlock even more.
“Let me guess, him and the mammoth are going to be best friends now.”
“With Molly. Tonight it’s all about us,” John answers sheepishly, his hand coming to cup the back of his neck in a classic John expression.
“I’m sorry, love, but I’m gonna have to take the bedroom for a couple of weeks. We need to stay in different rooms until we’re certain.”
John reads the instructions out loud, all they need already set out on the table. They go slow, one or the other interrupting the process with kisses and some rather obvious groping. Still, they manage to bake a whole ten cupcakes, the two of them staring at the mess they’ve made doing so.
How about another date? Tomorrow night?
A whopping six weeks pass without Sherlock speaking to John.
Mycroft raises his eyebrows in something like surprise, but it’s gone a second later, replaced by his usual cool.
“Why would you want me? After everything I’ve put you through? After everything you know about me and have experienced? All those things I’ve done to you...”
Now, though, he’s learning. Love hurts and sometimes, the hurt has to be felt in order to be managed. This revelation is how he’s come to be sat on the couch at five thirty on a Wednesday afternoon breathing deeply with his eyes closed, allowing himself to just
“Because I. Because of the way I feel. About you.”
having been taped up at the time.
You should try to sleep.
“Because it’s Christmas?” Sherlock asks, a teasing smile on his lips.
He feels so utterly sated, content and full of peace here in this moment, between John’s sheets. In a flicker, he remembers that they’re not John’s sheets - not anymore - and he feels momentarily lost, like the sadness of the fact that John is going to go home and leave him here alone once again just can not be true. John, of course, notices immediately.
John nods, looking around, probably looking for the surprise. “This way,” Sherlock says.
Sherlock exhales loudly next to him, as if releasing a breath held too long. John doesn’t dare to glance at him.
He peeks inside the bedroom just in time to see Sherlock settling into bed. He makes quick work of his shower and evening routine, joining him barely fifteen minutes later. Sherlock is still in the exact same position, back against the bed frame, hands clasped on his lap. John nods towards the bed lamp and Sherlock turns it on just as he turns off the main light.
John insists on paying once the bill comes and Sherlock lets him, knowing it’s part of the dating rules that inexplicably makes up a bunch of absurd rituals that he doesn’t have time to remember or pay much attention to. He wants to give John this, though. He wants to give John whatever he wants, truth be told.
“Yes.”
Sherlock barely nods, a movement so small it might not have been there at all. But John’s hands respond faster than his brain, reaching out and threading through curls he already knows to be so very soft.
To this day, I’m not even sure what I was trying to accomplish texting her. A thrill? A challenge? Another way to fulfil myself? To forget you?
“I bought something.”
I love you.
But there’s Sherlock, watching him, loving him. John wants to close the space between them and ravish him. Christ, he can’t even remember the last time they had sex. He can’t go on like this. And if making the bed is the first step Sherlock chooses, that’s fine. They’re going to make this bed and then John will find his way back home.
John doesn’t comment on the lie. He’s been there himself.
“Tell me,” he says, putting the fingers he’s experimenting on aside.
“Idiot,” John curses again at himself. “Bloody idiot.”
Some made me smile, and some made me want to run back to you.
. John barely comes out of the bedroom, except to shower or get food which he doesn’t even eat at the table but back in the bloody room. Sherlock tries different tactics, uses various excuses and even once waits for John completely naked in the morning. This only results in listening to John pleasuring himself in the shower afterwards, which, while pleasant, is definitely not what Sherlock had planned for.
“Rosie seems to enjoy it.”
“I’d say you are definitely not an idiot all the time,” Sherlock replies, accepting John’s glare his with a smile.
“Ready, love?”
“Did it work?”
No pun intended (actually, yes.)
“Where are you going?” he asks, aiming to keep it light and failing completely. He stands in the doorway of the living room, one foot in the kitchen, the other in the room, straddling the line.
John smiles, cuping Sherlock’s face with one hand and stroking his cheek softly. “Because here is where we can be us, where we can truly be
Lestrade. SH
He smiles, picturing the two of them in this new facet of their relationship. There will be dates, like the one they had the day before, unable to stop grinning at each other. There will be more holidays, somewhere warm or deadly cold, but together. There will be fights, probably terrible ones once in a while, but there will also be makeups afterward. There will be cases to drive them mad or sleep deprived. There will be…
It takes him a long time, but eventually, Sherlock falls asleep, his phone still cradled in the nook of his shoulder.
"I love you," he whispers into Sherlock's mouth. "Please, forgive me."
“Yes,” Sherlock says, turning for the door before the last consonant is even out.
But you have to know I would never do this to you, right? I would never cheat on you, Sherlock. You’re all that I want, there’s no one else out there who could give me what you’re already giving me. We haven’t even kissed yet, but I already belong to you. You are my boyfriend, my other half, the love of life (always the romantic as you can see). I love you, to the point of not knowing what to do with all this love.
“Shouldn’t I go and get dressed first?”
John just grins adoringly and leans over to capture Sherlock’s mouth in a sweet, chaste peck.
“Well, neither do I.”
I have to go change Rosie.
Sherlock wonders who he’s hurting more - John or himself. He remembers when Mycroft used to chide him about cutting off his nose to spite his face and concludes it’s probably himself.
It had only been the beginning. What followed was kisses in the pool (and also in the jacuzzi) after brunch, John making sure to keep a safe distance so as to not overwhelm Sherlock. Then, some more kissing while taking another walk, longer this time, spent talking and holding hands. They had stopped in the coffee shop, sharing smiles over their coffee mugs, feet in the sand. Sherlock had waited until they were outside before pulling him close and kissing him breathless for a long moment. John never thought once about complaining.
“You’re getting her a gift?” Sherlock asks, frowning.
“But John…” The rest of the sentence dies off in a yawn, Sherlock’s eyes already fluttering closed.
He knows John won’t mind, he’s amazingly surprising in this way, which Sherlock will probably never truly understand. But that’s alright, he’s stopped trying a long time ago now. He prefers spending his time trying to memorise all of John these days, especially since John took that step forward and kissed him in the middle of the bloody kitchen. With all the time on their hands, he’s been able to catalogue quite a lot already. And if tonight proves to be what he imagines, then he’ll have brand new information to digest and sort out for the next few days.
“John, do you expect to clean everything you touch?”
and a letter read in the back of a cab and 221B empty save for himself and wars won, but probably at the expense of the battle. The balm of forgiveness has been patchy at best on both their parts, and moving forward will take a lot more than just skipping over it to come to the end. They’re both shadows of the men they once were, barely there if at all and it makes it difficult for Sherlock to imagine being able to move forward in this way.
“Brilliant,” John smiles, kissing him quickly before retrieving it.
Sherlock is writhing beneath him, moans getting louder as their cocks blessedly come together, again and again, slick and filthy. John breaks off of Sherlock’s neck to lick his hand, and joins their cocks together, jerking them off in unison. He knows Sherlock loves this, loves to watch them joined like this, with John’s hand covering them both. As he knows Sherlock will do, he looks down and groans, thrusting up into the tight circle of John’s hand.
“She was dead for hours. Solving the case didn’t change anything. The double murder was a distraction, a diversion. The target had been her all along, of course. It’s so obvious but here we were, looking at all the wrong places and-“
“No not… Not like that. Just to be able to solve cases and eat food and sleep at the right times. To stop hurting all the time.”
John glares at him some more, putting on some pants and heading out just as Sherlock is reaching for the journal he bought yesterday. The kitchen still smells of Greek food and so John opens a window, the fresh air making him shiver. He opens some of the cupboards, not sure Sherlock actually bought groceries after getting there, but manages to find some coffee and biscuits. He then opens a few drawers, looking for spoons but stops dead when he finds several letters, his name on top of each one.
Sherlock studies his face for a moment. “John, we can’t.”
“You did not,” John says under his breath, setting the bowl to the side and gathering some of the flour from the table.
Sherlock inhales deeply, having talked without ever taking the time to breathe, eyes open wide and fixed on him. It’s no surprise really. John had had his own questions ready for what seems a lifetime already, and so, with his heart on his lips, he dives in.
“Anyway,” John says after they’ve been walking for some time. “I know I’ve said it a million times and you’ve emphatically asked me to stop saying it, but I just want you to know -
Without a word, they hold hands all the way up the stairs and turn to each other on the landing, lips meeting lips, tongue meeting tongue, breaths mingling and forming something new. John pulls apart just far enough to remove Sherlock’s scarf, coat and shirt and lets them all fall into a dramatic puddle at their feet. John’s eyes find the covered, fresh tattoo on Sherlock’s chest and he gently places the palm of his left hand over it. He looks up into Sherlock’s eyes and just says, “You,” and they’re already kissing again, this time with more heat.
Sherlock lets out a strange sound, not quite a word, not quite a sigh.
John sighs, weariness transmitted even through the phone.
He takes ahold of Sherlock’s chin and pulls him down for a slow, lingering kiss. Neither of them seems to care about the fact that they’re stood in the middle of the busy city on a afternoon near lunchtime. This takes precedence.
“The answer is pretty obvious if you think about it,” John begins, waiting for Sherlock to look at him before continuing. “Because you are.”
He’s about to leave. He’s about to go and leave Sherlock behind for six months. He’s about to put at risk the only good thing that has ever happened in his life,
Sherlock is silent again. John knows it isn’t easy, this sort of thing. Not for either of them. They’re rubbish, still, at directly expressing their needs but, luckily, they now have the option of letting their bodies do the talking for them, which is what Sherlock does now. He leans back in John’s protective circle of arms and looks John in the eye.
“Enough for a lifetime you think?”
It scared me, and I couldn’t imagine any scenario where it turned out alright.
He spends a moment hesitating over whether or not to take an old sleeping shirt that used to be John’s, but ultimately decides to leave it behind, in the back of his cupboard with the rest of his disguises and hoarded bric-a-brac. He shuts the door with a careful
“I got that one the day just before Mycroft came to get me,” Sherlock says in a whisper. “I didn’t realise it was so big until I saw it. I could barely feel anything at the time; my body had begun to give up in me.”
“Christ, Sherlock, sorry I didn’t mean to —”
He regrets it instantly when John’s hand just stops where it is and he stares Sherlock right in the face as though he’s had a shock.
“No,” Sherlock snaps, “It’s a case of ‘give and ye shall receive.’ It’s a case of this ‘relationship’, as you put it, feeling a little bit one-sided a lot of the time. It’s not about a stupid tattoo. It’s about a tattoo being one more thing that I’m not privy to in your life. It’s about you claiming that I’m your best friend, but keeping me constantly at arm’s length.”
Better get used to the idea that this is now his life, with no home, with no best friend, with no chance.
That’s all I ever wanted, all I still want.
He pulls his jacket off the hook and marches down the stairs, not even bothering to take his wallet with him.
“Text me the address,” Sherlock rings off, already slipping his arms into his coat.
“I know,” John says, smiling softly. “But I want to.” He leans closer, Sherlock moving to meet him in the middle. “We are going to get through all of it, together. You know that, right?”
Find a wet cloth, lie down a bit.
“This is beautiful, Violet,” John says, sitting down next to Sherlock.
“Why what?”
Sherlock’s gaze turns to them for barely a few seconds before saying, “Best friends since childhood. One recently divorced. The other doesn’t know how to tell her she made a mistake. It’s going to drive them apart. They’ve barely talked to each other since they got here.”
“You loved it,” John smiles.
They lie in each other’s arms after, appeased and filled. The events of the day have cemented something between them, and this was the cherry to top it all off. It’s the
I’ll write soon. SH
Everything is entirely different this time, the dust painting a sad sheen over the bedroom. At least the damage is minimal, with both door and windows shut tightly by whoever cleaned it last. There is still a wrapped chocolate on each pillow, a fact that makes John huff out a sob, which he contains with a fist to his mouth.
“I’ll have the veal, you’ll have the lobster.”
John holds his hand tighter. “Good thing I’ve been thinking about it, too.”
They don’t know how much time they have or don’t have. All they know is that they won’t waste it anymore.
“We can’t doze off,” he says, still out of breath.
Sherlock’s voice is quiet, almost too much so, when he speaks again:
“Should I take it out?”
When you get home tomorrow, just remember that sometimes experiments don’t go the exact way we want them to. Everybody’s safe. Just not the kitchen table. But it isn’t my fault, per se. I’ll explain when you get back. I miss you, John.
“We could make her biscuits for once,” Sherlock says. “With some sugar, she shouldn’t faint.”
Sherlock stirs in his sleep, the leg currently trapped between John’s sliding higher. A moan espaces John’s lips before he can do anything about it, his morning erection loving the new contact of Sherlock’s hip. But then, it isn’t as if Sherlock’s own erection wasn’t pressed against John’s stomach this very instant. John’s smile grows wider, memories of the events of last night coming back to him. He couldn’t have hoped for a better first time, no matter how fast they both climaxed. The closeness of the moment, they way Sherlock had held on to him, had make it absolutely perfect.
The noise of something breaking downstairs brings him back to reality, his head spinning even more with the realisation of how he truly came to wake up in his old bed. He vaguely recalls the first few drinks, definitely not the last ones. He’s not sure how he managed to get to Baker Street, and a sharp pain in his skull reminds him why he hasn’t gone back to his own flat. He massages the wound softly, memories of Sherlock taking care of him in his drunken state coming back one by one.
“Of course.”
“Every night, I leave the space for you and every morning, before I’ve fully opened my eyes, a part of me, this small part that refuses to learn from negative reinforcement, expects to find you there when I wake up. And when I don’t, it feels as though my stomach has dropped and my throat is closing up and there isn’t enough air in all the world. It’s pathetic, really, because I’m having very similar reactions of grief as though you’re gone forever, when, really, you’re only on the other side of the same country and only for a couple of months. And therein lies the issue: there’s this side of me - the all-or-nothing side; the side i’ve been attempting to hide from you from the beginning, or at least to subdue - that is utterly consumed by you and by the absence of you. There have even been two separate occasions in which I’ve been physically sick because of this. And I’m not saying it to get you to rush home or to feel sorry for me; I just want to be honest with you. I know you’re there for a reason - your dad or whatever it is that I haven’t fully deduced because you keep it under lock and key. For whatever reason, though, once I say yes to something, I can’t turn it off. It’s not like a switch, not really, but it’s kind of like a faulty mechanism where everything gets turned up to high and it becomes overwhelming eventually. And that’s how I feel about you, especially now that you’re not here. I feel it so much - too much - and I don’t know how not to. I never wanted to be this clingy, needy stereotype, but I find myself unable to prevent it. It’s just… deep down, right at the heart of it, I’m so terrified of losing you that I can think of not much else. I imagine scenario upon scenario where you don’t come home or you fall in love with someone else over there - Julian, mostly - or simply fall out of love with me and it makes even breathing undoable. Believe me, I know this is not an attractive admission, and I’d understand if you saw me quite differently after this, but I just needed to get it out, because we promised to be honest and I didn’t want to go back on that promise just because you aren’t here. I still want this to work, hard as it may be. Which is why… which is why I’ve been thinking… that maybe we should have a break. From us. Just for a little while; maybe for the duration of your training. I don’t know, maybe it will make it easier for me to be able to breathe…” Something in Sherlock snaps, just then, at the confession of not being okay and the reminder of that horrible feeling, and his voice cracks, eyes welling up lightly. “I just want to be able to breathe again, John, to remember how…”
And those stuffs are important, Sherlock. I want to do them all to you until you can’t think properly anymore.
“You played it cool and all, talking to that suspect but you just couldn’t stop looking.”
Fine. SH
“Really, John, I expected more from you. Making me promise such things when I’m clearly not thinking straight.”
“Tell me,” he says, almost a whisper.
He slides both arms around Sherlock’s waist, his lips finding Sherlock’s temple, “Morning, love.” Sherlock’s eyes are roaming over his face, hurried and still just a bit worried, and John gives him the time to realise he’s actually there. “Sleep well?”
important,” Sherlock corrected him.
Sherlock turns his face to kiss John’s palm. “I think I understand,” he whispers. “It’s dull, and I wish I could just ask Mycroft to give you this job, but you’re making sense.”
I don’t want you to keep trying to delete me... us. It might be selfish, but I don’t care. I want to be able to explain why I left, I really do. Maybe another letter, if you allow me to.
“I’ve accepted what happened, understood why you had to d- disappear, but there are moments when I can barely breathe remembering the weight of your absence.”
His plane ride is relatively peaceful and baby-free. He doesn’t watch any of the movies (boring!), nor does he manage to get any sleep (boring!), but he does deduce all of the air hostesses and succeeds in making one cry when she learns of her boyfriend’s infidelity (boring!). Under eleven hours later, he’s getting off the plane at King Shaka International Airport, and he’s hit by the humidity in the air. Going from near-snow to 32 degrees is a bit of a shock to the system. He removes his coat and rolls up his shirtsleeves, beads of sweat already pooling at his temples. He might’ve reconsidered the coat, now that he thinks about it.
John kisses him harder, pouring all of his love into the kiss and pressing them closer together. “Okay, yes. No weekends.”
“I asked the owner while you were getting us the cinema tickets,” John explains. “He had more in a box in the back, so I took them all.”
“That was fast,” John comments, sitting down next to him.
“Bored,” Sherlock says in his now-familiar monotone.
“I was hungry,” Sherlock replies, apparently not caring in the slightest about standing in the nude there.
John follows a few seconds after, taking his place opposite Sherlock in his own chair once again.
“You should know by now,” Sherlock replies. “Angelo always makes special deliveries for us.”
“John! Is that you, dear? Come in!”
Sherlock pockets his phone, a smile lighting his face. He goes to bed that night thinking about
John finds himself blushing a little. “Do I?”
Sherlock notes the scene, mumbles out a muted, “Do we need sugar?” even though of course they don’t need sugar.
John comes closer. The cupcakes look amazing.
“Don’t care,” Sherlock says, kissing him again and, really, John can only agree.
Sherlock’s frown deepens. “Yes, I do,” he protests.
“What else could there be?” John replies, closing the door behind him, heart sinking inside his chest.
John comes out of Rosie’s room soon after, catching Sherlock just as he’s packing up their dry dishes. They work silently for a while before John turns him around against the sink and gives him a slow, thoughtful kiss. When he pulls away, he must notice Sherlock’s glossy eyes, because his expression turns to one of concern.
“You didn’t have to, you know, but it’s nice that you did.”
Deciding against any form of convincing tonight, Sherlock offers, “Do you want to watch something tonight?”
John.
John sits on the tan duvet cover and looks up. The moments pass in silence and then fall away, signifying nothing. He pulls Sherlock down for another kiss, crushing their mouths together so hard it could bruise, desperate to hold onto something tangible.
, but now it is finally time to win some.
A pause settles between them, threatening to expand and take over.
John dozes on and off while Sherlock lies on his shoulder and abstractedly strokes his fingers through his fair chest hair. He thinks about all the bodies they’ve stepped over in their effort to be here, especially the ones from before the world began to crumble. He wonders if John feels as sorry about this as he does. He wonders if John feels it more because he has more to lose or if never having anything to lose is pain enough.
John looks up at him, “Perfect.” He settles against the sofa as Sherlock starts the movie. “Oh, I love this one.”
“I guess that makes it our bed, then.”
Goodnight, John. SH
“John. I’m. I’m quite obviously gay.”
There is little John can do before he’s being dragged inside by Mrs Hudson’s strong grip around his arm. She doesn’t give him a chance to talk, all but pushing him up the stairs while rambling about biscuits and tea.
Still, standing outside and staring up at the living room window, John can’t help but feel anxious. He needs to remain in control, no matter what happens and, most importantly, keep his hands to himself. No more touching without Sherlock’s explicit consent. No wine or scotch either. And definitely no talk about all that has happened. Just cases and small talk.
It’s not quite a kiss, more a brush of lips, bodies meeting for the first time in such intimate ways. Mouths pressed together, breath mingling in the middle, hands holding on. Breaking apart only to meet over and over again. Tentative brushes turning into much more with each new try. Kisses after kisses, tasting tears and sunshine directly from Sherlock’s lips.
Sherlock sighs, “I thought I knew the answer to that. I thought coming here would make it easier to be absolutely certain.”
It should probably be easier, he knows, but he’s out of practice, what with a lifetime of suppressing behind him. Ironically, he has Eurus, his repressed-secret-sister, to thank for his newfound embracing of matters of the heart.
John waits, feeling more uncomfortable in what used to be his home than ever.
Anthony’s head whipped back up at that to look at John. “He did have a bit of a barny with the head of construction at that road project he was trying to stop. Must have been a couple of weeks ago now. I only know about it because one of our mutual friends, Jenny, was there and told me about it later.”
“Man, Sarah was livid when she saw the two of you had gone,” said Tony, “As was that policewoman.”
John spent the weekend in bed. He’d ended up drinking quite a bit with Mike on Friday night and woke on Saturday feeling somewhat the worse for wear. Once his hangover was feeling more manageable he’d lost any will he might have had to get up and be proactive. It was cold and raining both days. So, he curled up under his duvet, put on the radio, and tried his best to sleep the weekend away. Occasionally he emerged from his nest to seek out tea. On a couple of these excursions he crossed paths with Jess who was looking equally green around the gills. She’d succeeded in drinking David under the table. She also spent Saturday recovering. On Sunday though she went caving with a group of people from her site. She invited John to go with them. But, he didn’t like the sound of the free caving they favoured - it involved finding a hole in the ground and climbing in, unregistered and unmarked. He thought it sounded like a recipe for death. So instead he just went back to bed and dozed his Sunday away.
Anthony’s eyes got wider. “James?”
“It isn’t quite what I’d imagined, if I’m honest” John confessed.
“Bit not good.”
It had taken a very long shower before John managed to wash all the mud out of his hair, and started to feel warm again. He had the beginnings of a bruise forming on his left calf where he’d slipped off the plank, and his ribs felt tender where he’d fallen. Turning off the shower, he stepped out and reached for a towel. He swiped across the mirror to get a look at himself as he towelled his hair. He peered critically at the reflection staring back at him. Looking closer, he traced the deep lines running across his forehead and cheeks with one finger. Not looking his best, he looked old, he thought to himself. But at least all the mud was out of his hair, and it wasn’t completely silver yet, it was still predominately blonde. That was something. Not much, but something. Resigning himself to the ageing process he limped out of the bathroom to get ready for the pub.
Molly sniffed again and offered him a weak smile. “Thanks, John. You’re a nice guy.”
“Come on then. Let’s go find that taxi.”
Sherlock bounced on the heels of his feet impatiently, “You don’t know anything that I haven’t told them already. Do you really want to wait here, with
John swivelled round to see Sherlock Holmes smirking at him.
“Yeah”
“This pub was the best place to find out who our dead man was.” Sherlock rubbed his fingers along his forehead, “This is where the road protesters hold their meetings.”
Sarah shrugged, “I’ve not worked with him before, but he’s the best at this sort of thing. Just leave him alone. Why don't you go and help Molly with that trench?”
John shifted uncomfortably at this. It struck a little to close to home for his liking.
“Um. Is he coming back?” asked John.
John smiled back at her, not saying anything, before going back to scraping at the mud with his trowel.
I did two updates this week as next week I'm going on holiday in France. There are rumours of WiFi where I'm staying, so hopefully I will be able to update anyway. This was just in case.
The neighbour continued, “In there with that ponce. It ain’t right. I’m going to take it up with the landlord again. I shouldn’t have to put up with deviant orgies. I’ve got kids.”
, drinking tea all day,” He gestured back to the break cabin, “Or do you want to come with
at John.
Philip frowned at Jordí.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, before explaining slowly, as if to a small child, “John. That neolithic woman was killed thousands of years ago. I think that she can wait. James McAlister was killed mere days ago. It’s far more exciting!”
“Yes, thank you. Milk, three sugars.”
“Yes, thank you for that.” John sighed whilst rolling his eyes “I know that, doesn’t make it hurt any less.”
John shook his head, absorbing this information. Mike continued talking “He really is brilliant. He just thinks about things differently. He sees things that others don’t. He wrapped up our thing with the horse in four hours. Just amazing.”
“Sherlock Holmes” the man answered without looking up.
“I’ll just take some samples”. At this Sherlock pulled out some cotton wool buds and started rubbing them across various parts of the body - in the head wound, under the nails, around the inside of the mouth - before slipping them into individual plastic bags and putting them away into one of the mysterious inner pockets of his coat.
“No, I think I’ll just go to bed, have a nap,” he got to his feet and started heading towards the kitchen door, “Maybe I’ll see you all later.” He didn’t stay long enough to listen to the various goodbyes thrown at him from the table. It was all he could do to make it to his bedroom and strip off his clothes before collapsing onto the bed.
John shook his head.
“Nothing,” said John, taking back the phone, “Thanks for your help.” Sherlock was already leaving, readjusting his scarf as he went. John caught up with him just outside the pub and handed his phone back to him.
“Oh hey John” she didn’t look up, instead grimly picking up a shot glass in each hand before slamming them both down.” She nodded at David. “Your turn.” He sighed.
“John. Don’t fall asleep, come and help me turn him over.” Sherlock waved at McAlister’s head, “I want to have a look at the back of his head.”
John shrugged, “I can’t see what you mean.”
Sherlock paused, tapping his fingers against his lips as he thought. Anthony was no longer looking as upset as he had. Recounting the reasons for the breakup had obviously rekindled his dormant anger.
“No, but he came out of the flat directly opposite.”
“A what?”
Two weeks later and they finally had some more equipment. They’d actually been given one new shovel, a trowel each, and excitement upon excitement, some steel toed boots each (this last a legal requirement which had taken ages to arrive). It was still only the four of them though there were rumours that more staff would be arriving that afternoon. John wondered how the town survived when there were no archaeologists there. Who normally rented all these houses and flats? By his count the company now had twenty people in the town, with the extras due to arrive, that represented a significant increase to the small town’s population.
John looked down. He was.
“Anthony. I’m John Watson and this is Sherlock Holmes” he pushed Sherlock away from the desk and offered Anthony his hand, which the man reluctantly took and shook. “We were wondering if we could ask you some questions? About James?”
She moaned, “But this is funnier. Their little faces when I beat them. It’s precious to crush their masculinity this way.” David returned at this point holding two pints of Guinness. Jess groaned, but reached for hers. John decided to leave them to it. He didn’t think he could watch his housemate get completely sloshed again. David was pretty big so it would probably take her a while to break him. He had no doubt that she would, she always did. He looked around the watching archaeologists who were chatting amongst themselves, whilst keeping half an eye on the drinking action happening at the table. Everyone there was from the first site, he didn’t know them that well so he rethought his plan about asking around about Sherlock straight away. He got up and went to the bar instead. He ordered a pint of ale and then sat at one of the bar stools and watched the football as he drank his drink.
“Yes you can” said Jess. “It’s not like you’re doing anything important there.”
“Urgh, this is why I hate the country. Does no one have brunch in Devon?”
Sherlock raised a single eyebrow at him. “Interesting. Have you seen Dr. Beachman? I want to complain at her.”
indications” he cried, the glee apparent in his voice. At this he spun back round and headed towards the skeleton, nodding to indicate that Sarah should join him. John followed just behind, unable to resist.
“No, I can’t.” said John.
“The police are idiots. I need to go into town.”
“He’s fine. He’s probably right, there doesn’t seem to be anything else here.”
In the light of day it did seem a little unlikely that he’d been roaming the town, breaking into undertakers and the like. He’d just resigned himself to the likelihood that his night-time subconscious had a strong imagination with a sprinkling of wish fulfilment when he rounded the corner into the kitchen to find Jess pouring out cereal and Sherlock Holmes sitting on their kitchen counter drinking from a mug.
John suppressed a groan, and made a beeline for the cafetière. Coffee would make this situation more bearable.
chatting her up. I barely spoke to her.”
“I’m not going to, obviously I know not to contaminate a crime scene. I’m going to smoke this,” at this he waved a cigarette in the air “over there.” He pointed towards the break hut.
“Was she murdered?” asked John. Sarah gave him a weird look.
“So, Sarah called you in for this?” John asked whilst gesturing towards the skeleton.
“Ah. No. He’s interested in old crimes. Prehistory crimes. That’s what he does.”
John looked at his watch. They’d been there for maybe twenty minutes tops. “Go where?”
“Hang on. I haven’t spoken to the police yet, I can’t just leave.”
John was nearly at the end of his second pint when Mike entered the pub. He spotted John and came straight over to join him. “John! What are you drinking?” He bought them each a pint before suggesting they move over to a table. John picked up his drink and joined him.
“No!” he snaps, “ I’m going back to the hotel.”
“Of course. Yeah, okay.”
“Greg,” Sherlock responds as he takes a seat at the table.
“Hello?”
“Okay, your highness! Nevermind that I’m just here to check on you! You know, I don’t believe for a minute that you were drugged! I knew you’d be back at it. I’m surprised you haven’t called
“Fuck. Sherlock!”
“Oh, nothing!” John grins, “Have fun!”
at a nearby music festival. John spent the day by himself, walking along the canals, enjoying his anonymity. Now they’re all together, after dinner at an Indonesian restaurant Molly had suggested. They’ve had a quiet evening free from the attention of strangers, and John wonders if his friends haven’t actually been recognized or if the Dutch are too polite to draw attention to them.
Then, just as his head is clearing of thoughts of his own life, the song ends.
“Of course, m’lady.”
foie gras,” Sherlock quips.
John chuckles, “Sherlock, I’m not sure. I...er...I --”
“Hmmm, yes. I think we’re peaking," Sherlock looks up, "Music?” John nods his head in response, then watches Sherlock head over to the portable record player.
“I’m a graduate Chemist, John. I trusted that wouldn’t be necessary.”
“But who are we going to find on such short notice? We’ve got a show in Nantes in two days!” Molly says as she tugs at her long hair anxiously.
“I was thinking about checking out the red light district…you know, there are a lot of historic buildings there,” Anderson responds seriously.
“Fine! See you later, Doctor!”
John thinks
“John, I think you should check on Greg,” Molly whispers as she approaches John backstage a few minutes after the encore, worry evident on her face.
The following evening, John is backstage at the Bataclan with Ricky while the band do a soundcheck on stage.
John laughs but doesn’t look amused.
When Sherlock opens his eyes, John is looking at him softly, but with just a hint of searching.
“Molly?” Greg asks.
“Problem?”
Sherlock smiles, “That won’t be necessary. Mycroft's had a word with him. He won't be bothering me again.”
John clears his throat and blushes, “We’re friends, Mrs Hudson.”
, basking in the sensuous pleasure. Soon, Molly and Greg pick up their "we’re so lucky" conversation.
“I guess I was knackered.” John rubs his hands over his face and yawns, “Have you slept at all?”
Sherlock smiles, “Why not? I’m already getting bored of doing nothing.”
Everyone is quiet for a moment save for some
this, but he can’t shrug a strange sense of guilt. Was this true attraction or infatuation?
“What’s going on here?” He looks from Sherlock to Sally, “Sally, I think you should leave.”
“John, what are you angry about?”
“It just induces slight euphoria - it makes dancing and everything feel sublime.”
“Have you seen Sally?”
“Aged? I’m thirty-nine, you git!” Greg laughs, “Anyway, How is it you’re able to “delete” things from your memory, again?” Greg shakes his head, “Nevermind, hurry up! I’ll wait down in the car.”
“Yes. And this song is brilliant! It’s called
Sherlock continues his efforts until John feels electric pulses shoot through his body, “I’m going to - oh, god,” he rasps as he grabs roughly Sherlock’s hair with both hands. The orgasm is long and hard and John feels relief like he’s never experienced, years of lone wanking not preparing him for the intense sensation of orgasming from another person’s mouth. When he comes back to the present moment, he realises that he hadn’t had the wherewithal to pull out. He looks down at Sherlock, wiping his lips.
“Jesus, put some clothes on, mate!” Greg whispers.
“Ok, Greg. You take Jim, Anderson and I will get Molly back. Sherlock-” but Sherlock isn’t there.
I heard you say
John sits and watches the band in the studio space. The new song is incredible - it’s austere, yet hopeful, and obviously comes from Sherlock’s personal experience with drugs and getting clean. Sherlock’s singing is heartfelt and full-on, unusual for rehearsals. He and Sherlock have barely spoken today and John wonders if they're just going to pretend like last night never happened, like the massage incident.
“Who?!” Sherlock asks, confused.
“I won’t.”
For a moment, Sherlock wonders if John is, indeed, having second thoughts.
’s frontman, Sherlock Holmes has been breaking hearts (or at least breaking in mattresses) all over Europe! Sherlock has been spotted cosying up to bandmate, Greg Lestrade and an adorable mystery man (
,” John looks down, slightly embarrassed.
“You as well. So how was the tour? Do you have a taste for the road now?”
“Fuck, Sherlock.” John pants as he takes a much-needed inhale.
Before John can respond, Sherlock is gone and John is even more confused than before.
It’s 9 pm, and the original plan for a small gathering has gone out the window. There are no fewer than twenty people at Greg’s smallish Camden flat, but the mood is cheerful and the band’s had enough drink to not to worry about their early flight in the morning.
Sherlock looks John squarely in the eyes, deadpan, “I get bored, John.”
“Get over here,” John says reassuringly, before bringing their heads together and planting a lingering kiss on Sherlock’s sweaty forehead whilst brushing away a damp lock of hair from his face.
“Not now, Mycroft! Surely you’re not thinking of business when your brother’s in bloody hospital! What's happened anyway?”
“Sherlock, a word?” John grabs Sherlock’s elbow and pulls him aside. “Do you really think that’s a good idea? I mean, I know it’s not an opiate, but you’ve just gotten clean.”
Sherlock switches off the lights and climbs under the duvet. John walks to the bathroom and splashes his face with water. He looks at himself and bursts into a fit of giggles.
“Could you scratch my back? Just lightly. It’s something my grandmother used to do for me when I was a child. That, is if you don't mind...”
“Sounds lovely.”
John’s parts his legs a bit and Sherlock moves his hands up to his testicles and squeezes gently and releasing before moving two fingertips back to his perineum. John lets out a controlled exhale before nearly shouting, “Oh, God! I’m going to come soon, Sherlock! Fuuuck.”
John mulls it over second, then says, “Okay. Why not?” He pours himself a glass of water at the bar and sits down on the bed next to Sherlock who’s reclining on the orange and brown 1980s duvet, his head resting on two pillows. The TV’s tuned into what appears to be an over-dramatic murder mystery.
. Well, if you do decide to go on tour, you’ll have enough money for a plane ticket and the downpayment on a house, I assure you,” Mycroft looks down at his watch, “But right now, I must take my leave. Cheerio.”
After the show, everyone is ushered off to another part of town for an afterparty thrown by
at Bagley’s and Jim was there with some of his cronies. He got to my drink backstage after the show, had to have. I've had another overdose on Rohypnol. Quite a lot of it.”
He lies there for a moment before he gets up and stretches, then walks to the sink to get a glass of water. He drinks down one glass, then another. He’s tired and considers lying back down.
nice,” John leans back into the pressure.
“A friend who’s a doctor. How did I get so lucky?” Sherlock laughs.
Sherlock jumps up and walks over to his brother, “Thank you, now I'm sure you're very busy, best not dawdle!” Sherlock says as he pushes Mycroft toward and out the door.
It seems he doesn't discriminate!
So I start a revolution from my bed
“You’re not boring, John, but you’ll be much more interesting outdoors.” Sherlock walks over to the coat tree and retrieves two hats, “Here, put this on. I don’t want anyone to recognize us.”
“I’m entertained by how idiotic everyone is.”
“Fine? Jesus. I guess I should take that as a compliment coming from you? Anyway, what do say everyone comes back to mine for a few drinks?  It's still early.”
“I believe you. That’s… good," John tries to keep his tone light.
John looks around the group, who are now huddled in a circle, “Dammit, Okay.”
“Goodnight, John.”
John’s hands go lax for a moment before he takes Sherlock’s cock back in one hand and his balls in the other, squeezing lightly. Sherlock cries out in pleasure and moves his free hand between John’s legs, using his fingertips to apply gentle pressure to his perineum.
, which basically translates to
“Oh, fine. Ta. I slept like a log. I was a bit confused when I woke up, but other than that...”
“But you kept the drugs! it’s still here, in your cabinet, Sherlock!”
“Is this what you want?" John inquires in a hushed tone, his voice almost cracking.
John coughs as he dries his hands on a tea towel, “Right, who’s ready for food?”
In one swift movement, he spins Sherlock around, pressing him up against the wall with a light thud. He plants a chaste, yet rough kiss on Sherlock’s lips, before licking along the wet seam. The heat rises in his John’s cheeks as his tongue touches Sherlock’s again; teasingly at first, then firmer, more determined, as if seeking something he could only reach deep within. Their tongues roll against each other, and John swallows a groan of pleasure as he presses deeper.
John leans into Sherlock, who’s taken Anderson’s seat, and whispers, “They won’t be able to...
“Yes, Doctor,” they reply before walking over to the bar.
John sighs, “Okay, well honestly, I’ve been thinking about going to New Zealand. Harry’s local clinic is looking for a GP.”
“No," Sherlock replies shortly.
“Obviously.”
John gulps, “Okay. I just didn’t want to make you feel worse than you already do.”
John hesitates a beat, looking down at his feet. “I’m going to take the job in New Zealand.”
“Relationships are not for me if that’s what you mean. But am I attracted to…people? I
," he thinks to himself, though he’s unsure of what exactly there is to sort out.
, John thinks to himself. John looks at Sherlock; his colour is good, and he’s dressed as usual in his tight jeans and black t-shirt, but something’s different. His body language, it’s more...open -
John’s eyes flash open, fixing on Sherlock’s intensely for two or three beats before he distractedly brings his attention back to the kiss.
Sherlock lets his head drop back and John brings his hands down to his shoulders, then chest. John is lost in his movements until suddenly Sherlock grabs his hands and stands up.
“Yes, well. I didn’t think I needed to tell you it would hurt,” John smiles and takes a clean flannel to dry Sherlock’s hand before applying the butterfly stitches. “You’ll be fine. Listen, Sherlock...what you did, it was stupid, but... Jim deserved it.”
?” Julien responds with a slight smile.
“John, like I said, I’m not using.”
“No thanks, Anderson,” Sherlock sneers and looks down at his drink.
He walks over to the kettle to make some tea. He hasn’t seen Sherlock since the London show at the end of the tour, and he’s not sure whether to feel disappointed or relieved. He misses the excitement of the tour, the fun of hanging ‘round the band... Sherlock. However, he’s aware that his identity was getting too muddled up in all the chaos and his friendship with Sherlock. "
Last night had proven that.
John looks up, understanding the gesture this time, “Yeah, ok," John smiles.
“Lovely.” Sherlock puts his paper down and stands up from his chair by the fireplace before walking over to the kitchen table. “How was the room upstairs?”
“Yeah? It’s strange, isn’t it?” John says, leaning his head back into the pressure of Sherlock’s hands. “
“So, have you seen much of Molly and Greg since the last show? Or Julien?” John asks as they walk in Regent’s Park.
Sherlock gets up to flip the record, and they’re flooded by a distinctly 60’s sound, a slow melody and the whispering voices of a man and woman.
“No,” Sherlock responds flatly as he turns on his heels and walks out the backstage door into the narrow alleyway. He looks around for John and notices two figures in the shadows of the building next door. The two people seem to be talking closely -
“What the hell are you doing with this?” John shouts angrily, waving the box at him.
“Ahhhh!” Greg exclaims, feeling the burn. “He was chatting to Julien a few minutes ago. I don’t know where he’s gone now.”
“Are you going to be joining me in the bath?” Sherlock smiles weakly.
John sighs with frustration and embarrassment before his thoughts are interrupted by the sound of shouting coming from below. Concerned, he jumps out of bed and runs down the stairs. John stops mid-step when he sees Sherlock in his dressing gown in the sitting room with Sally Donovan.
“So...do you miss her?” John breaks the silence as he sits down in the chair by Sherlock’s bed.
Sherlock sits up, “John was giving me a massage, Mycroft.”
We’re not convinced, however, that there’s nothing going on between him and bandmate Molly Hooper.
"Well, nearly. Harry's my sister."
Back inside, Sherlock cuts past Greg and Molly who are standing by a bin full of bottles of beer, “Sherlock, are you keen on going to the -”
“John, you’re not going to have another existential crisis, are you?”
Back in Sherlock’s room, John feels warm all over. It starts in his feet and travels up his legs, into his chest, neck, and finally to his head where he notices a fuzzy vibration behind his eyes. It’s too much, and he lies down on Sherlock’s bed where he suddenly feels like he’s under the sun, wrapped in a cloud. There’s so much energy coursing through his head and body that he has the urge to pour it out, like a teapot about to overflow. He sits up, sweating, but not unpleasantly - he’s hot and cold at the same time. He thinks about removing excess clothing, then realizes there is none; he’s only wearing his red boxer shorts.
“Molly, do me the pleasure of being my dancing partner again?” Molly hops up and takes Greg’s hand immediately. John sits up to watch them, Greg in his green pants and Molly in her black knickers and bra.
- and decides he’s okay to leave and let his friend get some much-needed sleep.
Sherlock chuckles, “All right.”
The commotion's by the bar. Greg is pushing Jim away from Molly as Anderson wraps his arms around her.
John strips down to his pants and looks over to Sherlock, who’s in the same state of undress, “Okay, you first!” he chuckles.
“Looks like the husband did do it?” He asks as he looks over to Sherlock, noticing the other man is dead to the world.
“I think so. At least, I don’t think he’s been getting high if that’s what you mean.”
“Trying to get there.”
------------------------------------------------------------------
Sherlock tries to focus his eyes for a moment then responds, “Come in,” stepping back and waving his hand towards the room behind him. He walks slowly toward the bed and sits. John stands a few feet away, looking down at him.
“Oh, no! Where is she?” asks Molly, concerned.
“John, it’s like we're everyone and everything all at once.”
“It’s almost time for another Ativan. Are you still achy?”
“Alright, what the hell!” Molly does the same, covering herself and slipping into the tub.
“John?”
“Boring,” Sherlock rolls his eyes.
John turns to look at him incredulously. “Y
“Is that why you look for escape with…you know, drugs?”
“So you say, but you’re always -” John is interrupted as he closes the refrigerator door with a loud thud.
“Sally!” John shouts, “You've some nerve showing up here!  I know what you gave Sherlock yesterday.Can't you just leave him alone?”
working on," quips Sherlock.
“But Greg said you two were practically inseparable. It’s just the drugs then?”
John takes in her looks; she’s quite young, petite and curvy. Flirting with her could be fun, a good distraction from… what has him such in a strop, anyway? He doesn’t quite understand, or more aptly, doesn’t want to examine why he has such a bad taste in his mouth.
“That feels amazing,” hums John.
Sherlock follows John to his room.
Only at that moment does John remember the scar from Bosnia on his shoulder. For once, he feels no shame or self-consciousness, only gratitude to be alive to experience this physical and emotional connection.
Sherlock is sitting on the floor, back leaning up against the wall, eyes shut. John looks down at him as he moves his fingers around on the feathery duvet.
John stills, still holding tight, breathing heavily.
John thinks.
There’s one more performance on the continent, then you’ll have your chance to see them in London before they embark on their American tour next month. Maybe you’ll be one of the lucky women (or men!) featured in
------------------------------------------------------------------
“Oh, who’s this? Your pet?” Sally sneers. “I’m not leaving until Sherlock asks me to!”
“Just tea for me, thanks.”
Minutes pass, and the room has grown a bit lighter when they both open their eyes again. “That was… good.” John whispers.
“What’s it feel like?” Sherlock whispers into John’s fingertips.
“Well, most of the city. Some vigorous exercise will be good for your condition, don’t you think? It will also help you recover from the hangover you’re so obviously suffering from today,” Sherlock quips, eyes sharply turning to Greg.
They lie there silently for a couple of minutes, then Sherlock turns his head.
,” John laughs. “At the moment, I’m just chuffed to see Paris. I’ve never been,” John says, looking wistfully out the window onto the grey highway at all the small French cars speeding by.
“If you can’t understand, you’re very lucky indeed.”
Like Sherlock, Greg sounds fine but doesn’t appear to be having much fun.
“What’s wrong?” John frowns.
They both burst into laughter.
“Rock and Roll, Greg! Don’t we have a reputation to live up to?”
,” Sherlock interjects. When the others stare at him silently, he continues, “What? It’s a common mistake for French speakers.”
“It’s water under the bridge. I’m just glad you’re staying clean. I have to admit when I didn’t hear from you the last two weeks I worried you’d started using again.”
"Sister! It's always something!" Sherlock shakes his head, disappointed. "Of course, it could have been a friend, but I’m guessing you don’t have many of those?”
“Get him out of here!” He shouts, rubbing his knuckles. Then there’s the sound of glass shattering, and suddenly, Jim’s holding his broken beer bottle up to Sherlock’s face. There’s a collective gasp of horror.
“Why did you do it, Sherlock?” John asks softly, his voice on the verge of cracking with anger, “I’ve never understood. You’re brilliant, you’ve got a promising career doing the thing you love, you have friends who care about you. Why did you ever need,” John waves his hand toward the loo, “that poison?”
There’s the familiar sound of the piano, the guitar melody, Greg on bass, and that voice. John sighs.
was originally owned by the Duke of Luxembourg, hence the name, but in 1612 Marie de' Medici purchased the land after her husband, King Henry IV was murdered. A really interesting murder, actually," Sherlock says, his eyes suddenly gleaming, "He was stabbed to death by a Catholic fanatic - though Henry himself had converted to Catholicism in order to take the throne.”
” He takes in another deep breath.
Sherlock scoffs in response and they’re both quiet for a while as John starts the drip.
“You bloody musicians and your perpetual boredom. What is it with you?”
Sherlock gives a grave chuckle, “He deserved much worse than that.”
“Is that all? Couldn’t you have called?” Sherlock asks impertinently.
, he remembers, as he wonders to himself where his accent’s from.
was voted 1993 Single of the Year by Rolling Stone and New Musical Express. The second single,
John thinks.
“Well?” Sherlock asks impatiently.
“Thank you, John.”
John plops down on his bed and sighs. He wonders if Sherlock will come looking for him when Greg leaves.
“That’s what we’re doing, John.”
John looks down to Sherlock’s clasped hands and reaches over to take his left wrist, pulling up the sleeve of his dressing gown to examine the fading marks. “Please, Sherlock, take care of yourself. You don’t need this.” John looks sincerely into Sherlock’s eyes as he traces circles on the track marks dotting his alabaster skin. He lowers Sherlock’s arm and gently says, “let’s go to bed.”
, and all that." Sherlock considers John’s face for a moment, “You know there’s nothing immoral about homosexual sex? You do know that, yes?”
“No, but that’s hardly out of the ordinary.”
Sherlock smirks, then slides off his black boxer briefs and jumps into the hot tub with a splash.
He relaxes.
“John -”
“The Beatles? Or…Portishead? Maybe some Serge Gainsbourg?”
“No, it’s… fine,” John sighs, “Good, even.”
“Really, Greg?!” John looks at him incredulously, “You shouldn’t be drinking right now!”
, he laughs to himself as he turns the key.
“Hmmm...well, right now, anything. Everything, I would say. It’s like there’s always something holding me back from saying what I mean, doing what I want, taking risks. I feel free from that apprehension right now. It’s as though I didn’t know how much anxiety I was carrying around until it was lifted.”
“Right.” John clears his throat and looks down at his hands.
“Hey, now. The Eiffel Tower is not boring!” protests Greg. “Of course, you’ve probably visited Paris with your posh public school, but we’re not all that lucky.”
“Really, Greg? I think you should avoid wine
“Mmmm,” John murmurs, “I feel like we should be solving the world’s problems together right now. I’ve got all this energy.”
“I told her to leave.”
“Mmmm,” but instead of reaching out with his fingers, Sherlock lowers his head, bringing their noses together with a bump. John moves his hand down to Sherlock’s shoulder and takes the opportunity to rub the tip of his nose up and down his friend’s. It feels like cool rubber against rubber.
“Do you want to go out and have a smoke?” He smiles at her.
“I have a proposition -”
"Trust me, John."
John watches as his two friends walk to the middle of the room and wrap their arms affectionately around each other. He’s happy for them, he really is, but there’s also something about their happiness that makes his heart sink. He turns around to pour himself another shot of sambuca.
“What is it?” Sherlock shouts from the other room.
“Ok, but we’ve got to go!” Greg whispers urgently pointing at his watch exaggeratedly.
Sherlock moves his lips slowly down to John’s, stilling them when they make light contact. The sensation is staggering, and John exhales shakily, enjoying the electric connection.  After a few seconds like this, Sherlock moves his head up, then down, catching John’s lower lip with his top lip. Motionless for a moment, then he moves his lips along John’s, side to side - not quite a kiss, but very intimate. The dragging motion feels magnetic like their lips are joined by some unseen force.
He turns around. “Sherlock, Jesus, you scared me!  I was just looking for you. Sally’s here. Wait, you weren’t with her, were you?”
“Yes, well.” Sherlock looks almost sheepishly at John.
“I’ll come too. I brought a camcorder!” interrupts the guitarist. Like Jim, John hasn’t really become acquainted with Philip Anderson and isn’t exactly keen to get to know him. He has a nervous energy that, in truth, John finds fucking annoying.
John considers for a moment then replies, “I may do that. Cheers.” He looks over to Sherlock in the cooling water, “Are you ready to get out of there?”
“We’ve got to get rid of Jim. This isn’t the first time he’s been inappropriate with Molly, and he could have seriously hurt Sherlock tonight, or worse with that broken bottle," declares Greg.
They stand in silence for a minute, John wondering, but not asking how a man with the world at his fingertips could be so pessimistic. Then the silence is broken by shouting coming from downstairs in the club. Sherlock takes off in the sound of the noise and John follows close behind.
For once, the music almost lives up to the hype. Sex, drugs and angst make up Velvet's unique brand of rock 'n' roll. And it makes for a fascinating, almost addictive mixture. They are most often compared to the Smiths, the now-defunct British group whose lead singer Morrissey is already a fan. After attending a Velvet concert, he promptly incorporated one of the band's songs into his own set. Like the Smiths, sexual preferences are blurred in Velvet's lyrics. Comparisons to David Bowie's Ziggy Stardust days are also made. (In fact, we hear Sherlock is quite the modern-day Casanova. He’s been linked to various women
That night, John watches the show from the wing.
, he thinks, and instead, goes to close the blinds and turn off the humming record player before making his exit.
"Of course not," Sherlock smiles, "But yes, that would be amazing. That is if you're sure you don't mind?"
As Greg attempts to shove Jim away, he slings the bottle in Sherlock’s direction. Sherlock’s able to deflect the bottle with his hands, and it crashes to the floor.
“What’s going on?” Sherlock shouts, taking control of the room as they run through the crowded space toward the bar.
-  an escape from the moments when I… when I need to fill the vacuity of living on autopilot.
“Is this French?”
“I love this show,” John says as he settles in.
------------------------------------------------------------------
“Do you want me to do your back?” Sherlock whispers into John’s ear.
Sherlock looks down at him, a soft smile on his face. “Sorry, music.” Sherlock pulls away to change the album.
“I don’t think so, no.”
“Just listen, John. Please. Sherlock will not stay in hospital. I know he won’t. So, either you will stay with him for a few days, just until they leave for the American tour, and help him through this, or he'll go home alone where he’ll try to control his withdrawal symptoms by self-medicating.”
“Shall I go get you some extra duvets?” John coughs as he tries, unsuccessfully, to divert his gaze from his friend’s silhouette.
“Cheers. See you later?”
“Well, I’ve never really given it much thought. My sister’s gay, I’m not. It’s always seemed kind of black and white,” John ponders silently for a moment. “So you would be just as likely to fall in love with a man as a woman?”
Moments later, they're still locked in the embrace, hands roaming over each other's backs when they hear footsteps coming up the stairs to the flat. Sherlock pulls away reluctantly with a moan, and they're both exhaling raggedly. John presses his head against Sherlock’s shoulder and sighs before he turns away and hastily walks toward the kettle. Sherlock stands still for a moment, willing his usually sharp mind to catch up to the present situation. He snickers and John responds by clearing his throat, trying to focus on Queen and country. He busies himself making tea as Greg walks through the open door.
John's nostrils flare, and he grabs for the package. Sherlock moves it quickly out of John’s reach. Without a moment’s hesitation, John reaches up to Sherlock’s wrist, deftly twisting him around, holding his arm tightly behind him. Sherlock’s back is now to John as he struggles to get free from the arm lock.
“Sit down,” the words escape John's mouth before he even realises what he's saying.
“Good luck with that, boys!” John calls out.
Back in the room, John stands as Sherlock puts on another album.
Sherlock looks back at the table behind him and sits, looking back up at his friend who is now approaching him.  When John stops in front of Sherlock, his gaze is so close that it shifts back and forth from Sherlock’s left to right eye.
other options, you know. Some people, like me, are attracted to people regardless of gender - not that I’m attracted to many people, really. You may be primarily attracted to women but have an attraction to a man, you know, it’s
“You mean besides getting drugged?”
“We’re amongst friends, John,” Sherlock breaks the contact of their foreheads and looks over John’s shoulder, spotting Sally, “Well, mostly.”
“That’s precisely what I’d like to speak to you about. I’m sure he’ll fill you in on all the details, but what I need to know is, will you stay with him? As a doctor and his friend? As I’m sure you know, since the two of you have become quite,” Mycroft clears his throat, “intimate during the tour -”
He walks out of the room and comes back with the two duvets from the sofa. “These should do.”
“It’s 5. We’ll have a few drinks and call it a night, yeah? Nothing too crazy."
Sherlock looks down embarrassed, “It’s not exactly massage oil, but it'll do the trick.”
“Bloody Hell,” Greg says, gruffly. “That’s dark.”
John hesitantly raises his left hand and hesitates before bringing his fingertips to Sherlock's cheekbones.
“Oi, Sherlock! You could share!” Greg shakes his head and laughs. The band, Ricky, and John are all backstage winding down after their final performance in Europe.
“I feel cold,” He groans.
“Well, looks like I’ve walked in on something. Do I need to leave?” Sherlock shouts from the doorway.
He looks up at the ceiling.
John flips through the glossy pages of
John watches the show from the wings.
He realises this is the first time he’s heard the song on the radio and he listens closely to the studio version of the song he’s now heard live so many times.
“Okay,” John opens his eyes and looks around, “I’ll just go then, I--”
“Are you going to tell me what’s going on? I’m here to help, remember?” John fixes his eyes.
“Hmm?”
John looks down at the letter in his hand.
You’re on the verge of fame. Everyone wants to know you. Speaking of which, why are you out here with me and not mingling with all your admirers?”
“What does that even mean,
“Jim, I think. I went to see
“Oh, is it candy?!” Molly asks mockingly.
So the, um, bisexual bit, that’s accurate?”
“Ahhh, that
John strides down what he sincerely hopes is the correct corridor of King’s College Hospital and stops abruptly when he sees Mycroft leaning against one of the room doors.
“John. It’s Mycroft.”
“Okay, nevermind. When did you take your last dose? What kind of symptoms have you been experiencing?”
“Anyway, what do you think?”
leaving.” John grabs his keys and storms down the stairs. Once on the street, he looks back to the flat.
Cause you said the brains I had went to my head
“I’m doing well - despite what you found earlier -  and much of that’s thanks to you. I’m going to stay clean. Well, you know,” He smiles, “stay away from heroin and Rohypnol at least.”
when Mycroft bursts in, demanding he leave with him immediately to sort out medical supplies. "
“Which is fine, by the way.” John clears his throat.
“Well, despite what my
“Er…you choose." John says distractedly, "Actually, who’s Serge Gainsbourg?”
. No, I don’t really miss her.”
” Sherlock retorts back with a hiss and storms off.
“Right, I just mean…it’s just strange - you’re so different from what the press would have the world believe.”
“You should’ve told me, you shouldn’t be attempting this without a doctor’s supervision.”
Sherlock glares at John from his bed.
“He hasn't left me alone all night! Then when I started chatting with... well, I don't know his name, he's gone, a friendly Frenchman - he put his slimy hands around my waist and whispered something truly horrible in my ear. When I pushed him away, the bloke I was chatting went toward him. That's when Jim started screaming something in French and the guy turned around horrified and left. Then Jim wrapped his arms around me and I just lost it," Molly recounts, obviously flustered.
“Haven’t seen him,” Greg looks around, “Say, Sherlock, would you be interested in doing a repeat of Amsterdam tonight? I have some more pills and--”
Sherlock looks at him seriously, "Why do you care?"
The kettle boils, and just as he pours the water into the mug over the teabag, the phone rings.
, I believe.”
"I know what I want, John. I'm just not sure I can have it. Do you understand what I'm saying?" Sherlock asks evenly.
John chuckles disbelievingly, "You're gorgeous, you know."
am wrong sometimes.”
“I’m going home, John. I know Mycroft had a word with you just before you came in. You’re going with me, yes?”
!” exclaims Molly.
“Great,” Greg scowls, “I’d hoped it hadn’t affected my performance. It wasn’t the best show, was it?” Greg lowers his voice and leans forward, “Sherlock seemed a bit off as well, don’t you think?”
“Ah, 'ta! So, are you excited? About the tour?”
know that?” John looks at Sherlock, brows furrowed.
John thinks.
After a silent ride home, the two men walk into 221B. John stands awkwardly, resisting the urge to put the kettle on while Sherlock puts on a record. Suddenly, the flat is flooded with Mick Jagger’s smooth voice and John feels a bit more at ease.
John takes a seat on one of the nearest benches. After a moment, Sherlock follows and sits next to him. “So, you speak French?” John asks, not looking away from the people picnicking and laid out on the green in front of them.
“How… how on earth is that obvious?” John scoffs.
“I should think so, I don’t expect your symptoms to be severe for more than two or three days.”
“Drugged? Are you sure?” John asks, voice high with concern.
Sherlock was lying on his back, staring at the ceiling, next to John, who was on his stomach, his face to Sherlock’s. He turned to look back at him. “I’ve no idea. I’m not the one with the Three Continents reputation, am I?”
to move on.
. We really have to do it. This place needs to be livable at some point. We can’t just have boxes in the middle of the living room.”
“John, I need…”
“I think I’m gonna start a list of first times, too,” John says, smirking. “A completely different one.”
John leans close to his ear, whispering, “No fainting.”
A couple of points run through Sherlock’s mind. Points he should be making. Instead, what he says is, “I’m tired, John.”
The question, so innocently posed, reminds him of that first night in Angelo’s, before the mad cab chase. Something like nostalgia threatens to overwhelm him until he remembers where he is, and with who, and why, and joy replaces it. The past sorrow becoming sweet when mixed with the present.
Sherlock meets his eyes, studying.
I need go, now, I need to
brief
What he feels now, though, is initially so sharp that he almost backs out, but he reminds himself to forge ahead. Something tight and claustrophobic enters his belly and work its way up to his throat, constricting it. Something that, at the very root of it, says, “He doesn’t love you, he doesn’t love you, he doesn’t love you.” Because that’s surely why John is behaving the way he is. He can’t even tell Sherlock about his body art because he doesn’t care for him the same way that Sherlock does. John is a closed book to him. Sherlock has deduced some things, stuff about his past with Harry and his parents and the men he slept with in the army, but John has never shared any of it with him. He’s never even met any of John’s relatives.
(See the end of the chapter for
John frowns, “Yes, I did.”
“Tell him to come by next time you see him,” Mike says, half laughing. “I missed his deductions, if you can believe it!”
“I read a lot about it a few years ago for a case, and always wanted to come since. I figured December was the best month to do so.”
John Watson
“Do you want everything else?”
I miss you. Terribly. And it’s only been two days - how ridiculous is that? I knew love turned people into blithering, sentimental fools but you, John Watson, have done quite the number on me. I used to think myself a rational, sensible sort. I miss you.
a chemical defect and that caring can be an advantage (but only sometimes). If Sherlock had a tattoo, John would definitely know about it. Not only did John not bother to mention that he’d gone and gotten himself a tattoo sometime during their acquaintance, he also refuses to tell him what it means. In fact, he’s actively against Sherlock’s inquisition. Sherlock understands, of course he does, about boundaries - John taught him all about those, too. This, however, isn’t a boundary issue. This, to Sherlock, is more personal. This is a heart issue.
“So, this is serious?” Violet asks, eyes fixed on him.
brief
“So you say, but you’ll continue to use the fact of our…
What do you suppose the first thing we’ll do? SH
“Do you want…” he starts, unable to stop himself.
Sherlock is still silent next to him and, for a moment, John fears he might just leave.
John nods his head at him by way of greeting, and Sherlock just looks away. He doesn’t know what’s wrong with him, but he can’t bring himself to put on a face. Not this time. He’s done it before, most notably at John’s wedding, but all previous instances had been to make John happy. He’s starting to feel like he’s rather tired of working to keep John happy while discounting his own happiness.
John sighs, a knot forming inside his chest. No matter what came between them, he still finds himself wondering just how exactly they got to this point.
, isn’t it? That’s the only way I can really describe it. I knew you’d catch on quickly because you’re Sherlock Holmes, but I never imagined you’d be so affectionate and giving in the bedroom, even though most of my sexual fantasies were based around that.”
I’m going to end this letter with a promise.
“Yeah. Yeah, it’s alright.”
Hi, Sherlock, just thought of something we’d never planned. My stag do. Suppose it’s not really your area. Thought we could maybe do something, just the two of us. Get pissed or something. Let me know.
Sherlock
psychopath. It has become…” he can barely bring himself to say the words, fearing not what John will think of them, but the release of them that will make them somehow more real, give them more weight, “somewhat of a noose.”
John smiles as he captures Sherlock’s mouth for another kiss, their tattoos marking yet another place where they’re connected, where John is his, he is John’s, he is his and he is John’s: one half of him belongs to John and the other half also to John. All John’s and John, ever his.
“You didn’t ruin the case,” Sherlock finally says, his voice barely audible over the phone.
Sherlock,
Sherlock doesn’t exactly smile back, and John takes a deep breath, steadying himself.
Sherlock nods slowly, apparently hesitating to say something and so John waits until he finally breathes out a tentative, “I have a theory about why you come to 221B each time.”
Sherlock, I don’t know what the bloody hell is going on, but Mrs H is alright. I’m coming back to meet you. You’d better have some sort of explanation for this. I mean it.
Sherlock stops, smiling now. John doesn’t seem to be able to look away.
Sherlock presses his body against the back of the couch, leaving ample room for John to lie down next to him. He pulls Sherlock close, leaving barely any space between the two of them, guiding his head down into John’s neck.
“Will you drive or shall I?” Sherlock asks as they approach John’s car, having to almost shout over the cacophony of wind.
Especially not now. So if you want me, if you’re certain, then I’m going to fight for you.
“This better be above a six,” Sherlock answers his phone in lieu of a simple
“I see,” Sherlock replies carefully, looking away. “What did he say, then?”
With boundless gratitude and a fond farewell,
It’s not easy for me either, Sherlock, and I thought you understood why I chose to take some distance for a time. Apparently not.
Me too. But all we can do is try, I suppose. SH
“Can I sp-” John starts, but Sherlock is quick to interrupt.
John leans in, ever so slowly, suddenly unable to stop himself from giving Sherlock that very kiss he dreamed about. He doesn’t pull away when each kiss begins to taste of silent tears. And with their mouths still attached to each other, he whispers back,
“Yes, I did. But I never would have… If I had realised that…”
“I’ve missed this so much,” John pants between two kisses. “Missed you so much.”
I still do.
or to dictate what you should or shouldn't do. I’m sorry I threatened to involve Mycroft. Desperate measure, I guess. I’m not sure he would have done something anyway; I think he understands just as clearly that there are limits to what we can do when it involves you.
Sherlock smiles, holding him tighter, and with the feeling of their mouths pressed together, John lets sleep overtake him.
They both remain still for another moment and then Sherlock all but grabs Rosie and runs down the stairs again.
“More than good if you ask me,” John replies, brushing their lips together.
John glares at him, but he’s unable to stop smiling, too. They all get into the house and go directly into the dining room where the table is already set.
“What is going on, Sherlock?”
Oh, I have to go. Can you believe Rosie always starts to cry when we’re texting! I don't even want to imagine what it’ll be like when we're home!
Sherlock’s eyes find his again. “Without what?”
John wakes up uncertain of where he is. His head is spinning and his whole body aching. Hangover, that much he knows for sure. It’s only when he notices the crack in the ceiling that he realises he knows this bed, these walls and the familiar sounds coming from outside. With the light being too bright, he closes back his eyes and for just a moment, he dares to imagine this is still his bedroom, still his home. He falls deep into the fantasy. Sherlock is waiting for him downstairs. They’ve just solved a five day case and crashed into bed as soon as they got back during the night. They are probably going to spend a lazy day at home, doing absolutely nothing. Maybe he’s even going to try and tell Sherlock about how he’d like to sleep in his bed tonight. Just maybe.
He has no idea how long he’s fixed in the same position, eyes unseeing but heart working overtime as his brain whirrs to keep up with it, for once not taking the lead. It feels as though something has shifted irrevocably. Something he thought he’d never have, and so has never prepared himself to take. He wishes he could be like any other human being and say the things that need saying, but he can’t. Not when it matters so much.
He hears Sherlock moving around behind him as he pours himself a full glass. He drinks his water faster than planned, choking on it. Great, just what he needed. He holds on to the counter coughing and coughing, and then some more when Sherlock’s hand suddenly appears on his shoulder.
“It often happens, you know.”
“Am I always going to feel so desperate when it comes to sex?”
“She was thrilled,” Sherlock replies. “She’ll keep her all night.”
Sherlock Holmes
“How’s your head?”
And you? SH
Cold canned beans for breakfast on every day ending in Y. To Sherlock, it all tastes like grime, anyway. John finds comfort in the utilitarian diet, having endured similar conditions during his time in service. Comfort has to be found in every situation, he reminds himself. Half a glass of water to wash it all down. On Wednesdays, John only drinks a quarter, saving the remainder for when they arrive back home, like a treat after an arduous exercise.
John closes his eyes again, trying to remember exactly the events of the night before. Violin, there was some violin. He fell asleep in his chair, woke up in the middle of the night, automatically went up to his old bed. And before that? Talking, yes, some talking. He sighs. He already knows he probably brought up Mark, that’s the whole reason he was drinking in the first place. Did he ask personal questions? Did Sherlock got angry?
“I better get ready,” Sherlock murmurs against his lips.
“Sit.”
John gives a small nod, leaning back against the sofa as Sherlock starts to explain it all. He listens closely, eyes falling shut towards the part where he arrives in South Africa, too. It’s strange, hearing it all, as if those events had taken place months, years ago. Being this close with Sherlock already feels so natural, so intimate that they could have been
A pair of lips crash against his as Sherlock pushes him back against the now closed door, and John doesn’t think once about complaining. He lets his lips part slowly, Sherlock’s tongue tracing both of them hungrily, and moans softly. God, he missed this. It’s quite incredible, just how much he’s become addicted to Sherlock’s kisses, to the feeling of him pressed against his body, of his hands around his neck and his breath hot against his face.
We also have so much more to say to each other before we rush in and make mistakes. SH
“I will get there,” John says, leaning just a bit closer. “With time, I will get there. It doesn’t change what I feel about you, nor the promises we’ve made to each other. I am going to spend the rest of my days loving you, Sherlock Holmes.”
“That would be lovely,” John smiles, “but I’m really too tired for anything tonight.”
Sherlock finishes his coffee quickly. “I’ve talked about it with Mrs. Hudson. She thinks we can use 221C, but nothing’s certain yet.”
“Yes,” Sherlock replies, blushing lightly and looking to his feet as they continue to hit the grey block paving.
“John. Trust me. I’m sure. More than anything.”
going to keep the moustache.
Written by
“One day I will want to know what exactly you did during those two years,” John suddenly says.
I haven’t told you how beautiful you are. I noticed right away, that very first time I looked at you. You were so mysterious, from the very start, looking at me as if I were the only person in the room. I couldn’t look away either, you know. Even if I had wanted to. And that’s the thing; I didn’t. Without knowing your name yet, I wanted to stay the only focus of your studying gaze. You were - still are - so beautiful that you felt impossible for weeks after I moved in.
“Yes,” John smiles. “Just like this bloody freezing weather is real. It’s a wonder it isn’t snowing yet.”
Sherlock raises an eyebrow.
Too busy laughing together, Sherlock and Mark don’t notice him walking back in. John can’t seem to be able to stop staring, his hand still around the handle, barely breathing. It’s not the laugher or the way Mark is still so very close, no. It’s the way Sherlock is genuinely laughing, something bright in his eyes that makes all of John’s insides ache.
It wasn’t supposed to be like this.
Throat dry, John tries not to stare at Mark’s hand on Sherlock’s shoulder and the lingering of a smile on both their lips. An overwhelming sensation of intrusion makes all of John scream and ache to get as far as possible from this room.
As he walks through passport control, he’s greeted by friendly faces and warm smiles. He thinks about how he couldn’t be further from home right now, and how grateful he is for that fact.
John kisses his way down Sherlock’s collarbone, stopping to look up into his eyes and murmur, “You know… Technically, I haven’t exactly ever done this, either.”
Has something happened? A case?
Sherlock smiles down at him, leaning in for another kiss.
That night, Sherlock can think of little else. He lies in bed, very much awake while the rest of London surely is not. The planes of John’s pecs - little ripples of muscles even after all this time - marked just once with the unnatural black ink. He feels an odd sense of betrayal at the fact. Pushes it down, away, out. Now isn’t the time. Now is the time for figuring it out. He tells himself he can take out the illogical hurt and examine it at a later date, while hoping he’ll forget about it by then. Emotional explorations, even after all this time, are not his forte.
is the best feeling, truly.
“There is something you’ll want to see first,” Sherlock says, this time his voice breaking just a little. “Promise me you won’t angry.”
The first week is
, the only wonderful thing that has happened in his life. He’s about to let it all become even more fragile only because he’s too afraid to let Sherlock down.
OK. SH
Sherlock’s lips curl into a smile, “That’s good news, no?”
“I know what I would love to do,” he says softly.
Silence.
“Yes, Doctor!”
John doesn’t allow himself to linger on his tone, nor the answer. He’s very much aware there is still a lot they need to say to each other, but for now, he only wants to enjoy their time away and this new facet of their relationship.
I’ve missed you so much.
They are seated at a table very near the back corner of the restaurant. There’s a booth and a seat opposite, and when Sherlock sits in the booth, John slides in next to him, all of which Sherlock is grateful for. He just wants to be alone with John, soaked up in him. Before the waiter has a chance to leave them alone, Sherlock stops him and asks that he bring a candle for the table. John giggles under his breath and reaches for his hand immediately, as though he can’t stand to not be touching him for a second longer. Sherlock feels much the same.
“It isn’t new,” John mutters.
Suddenly, he is quite forcibly pulled out of his inner monologue/meltdown by a kiss. A straightforward, quick peck. John is in front of him, looking quite pleased with himself.
They lie that way for ages, the minutes ticking slowly by as Sherlock’s breathing evens completely out.
Thank you for all the comments and love for our story :)
“Everything okay?” he asks in lieu of a greeting. Ever on alert. Battle-stations John.
“What?”
John shakes his head, “That’s what I thought too. Mark said we can contact him any time.”
“Do you want dessert?” John asks when the waiter comes to clear their plates.
“You’re right,” he says, already standing up. “More privacy there.”
John. Forgive me.
“Alright?” John insists.
I haven’t told you about the life I imagined for us. About our home, changing with the years we spend there, growing old together. About the cases, chases and stake outs until finally it’s time for the last one. About the search for a new home, by the sea, where no one can bother us. About your grey hair in my fingers and your smile as we walk hand in hand. About the dogs (yes, plural) and the bees you insist we need to keep. About the long mornings spent in bed, and the afternoons with old friends. About the whispers in the dark, memories of a life we shared, filled with laughters, tears, fights and make-ups.
“I know,” he breathes once more, the softness of Sherlock’s lower lips against his finger his only focus. Has it always been this soft? If he had kissed him that very first night, would it have felt exactly like this, so uncertain, so fragile, so natural?
“Sorry about last night,” John replies, glad he doesn’t have to face Sherlock as he says so. “I shouldn’t have come here.”
“Why aren’t you in bed?”
I love you. SH
I’ve had three days in a row where all of me itches and, if you were here, you’d take me into your arms and quiet me because you always,
“You’re one to ta–”
John remains silent for a moment and Sherlock can almost hear his thoughts. Just a minute ago he was talking about staying right here.
Sherlock pulls aways, frowning, “I don’t understand, John. Why would it be different from being here?”
“Sherlock, love, I need you to breathe for me,” John says in the softest, most soothing voice and Sherlock hates him for it in that moment, because it makes him break more. “Shh, love, it’s going to be alright, I promise. Look, I’ll come up there this weekend and we can talk this out. Maybe I can come back for good.”
It’s quiet in their flat and quieter still in their bedroom. They don’t seem to have much to say to each other, but they are able to communicate all the same, with Sherlock’s fingers hooking into John’s waistband to mean
“No?” Sherlock’s face scrunches up as he finally meets John’s eyes. The look is familiar and practically yells out his pique.
“Come on,” John says. “It was nice of him.”
“I do. Maybe if I didn’t have you or the idea of you niggling at the back of my mind at every godforsaken hour I’d be able to get on with my life a little bit.”
John smiles, inhales.
“Yeah, well, I don’t want to make a thing of it. I don’t want you to - I wouldn’t ever want to make you feel uncomfortable, Sherlock.”
That hardly seems like it’d go down well, after all the effort John put into everything. He allows twenty minutes to pass in the same way before his phone buzzes.
“I think I’m realising, too,” Sherlock replies, tracing the little infinity sign over John’s heart again and again and again.
Where are you? Are you alright? Mary said you’d only had minor respiratory issues, but nothing long-term. I’m going to find out who did this, John.
happen. For us to become this.”
This chapter was a collaboration between both of us - we wrote a sentence each at a time. Enjoy!
“John,” Sherlock gaps, “I-”
“I don’t know about fun,” Sherlock replies. “But it was on my list.”
paved the way for this - if every stepping stone from that first stakeout to here was a consequence of his hasty dismissal. The fear he felt then was too palpable to shake off - he had never been anything more than just
They all sit down on Mrs Hudson’s small sofa, John giving her a cupcake and waiting until she has a bite before saying, “Sherlock and I are getting married.”
I just wondered… Is that how dates normally end? SH
“I know that. Or, I know you think that, but for me, it’s a little bit more complicated than that. I’ve never… I’ve never had this before and it means so much to me and it’s so big and important that I feel like I have to do something big and important to sort of cement it, if that makes sense? I need this. For both of us. It makes all the sense in the world to me for us to be going to do this today. It may seem trivial, but I need it.”
Yes. There will be marriage, vows and promises made to the other. There will be planning and dancing and music, all for the right reasons this time. John finds himself wondering whether Sherlock would want something big, or rather private. If he’d want lilac or blue or even the dark shade of purple he seems to enjoy so much. If they’d do it in their home or outside, or even right here, on this very rooftop where it’s too cold to properly talk. It doesn’t really matter, any of it. John intends to spend the rest of his life with this brilliant madman, and marrying him is only another way to make it more official.
“Yes, fine, I -”
“The infinity sign?” Sherlock asks and John immediately looks away, deliberately avoiding his gaze.
“Yes, of course it was,” Sherlock says simply, giving John’s arm a small squeeze as they turn into their final block.
So, by the time the second week begins, Sherlock decides to try a different approach. He waits until he hears John wake up in the other room and goes sit in his chair. As expected, John stops on his way to the sink, eyeing him.
They both remain silent for a long moment. John sits down, hands shaking.
Sherlock pulls away just enough to look up at him. “Might as well.”
John starts to look worried. He rubs the back of his neck in self-conscious self-awareness. “I - er, hope that was ok? I didn’t mean to misinterpret or rush you, I just -”
“Are we really watching this?”
Sherlock hums and holds him closer, finding it hard to talk just now. He needs a bit more of this, right there, and maybe later he’ll tell John just how much he loves him back.
Sherlock sighs, eyes fluttering closed, before pulling away. They stare at each other, and John can’t help but wonder if his own smile is just as luminous as Sherlock’s.
What if I’m not good enough? In that department? SH
John doesn’t try to read the tone of his voice, not sure he wants to know anyway.
Sherlock nods emphatically.
“Git. We’re both emotional messes. This… it’s a lot. It has been a long time coming and it’s a lot to take in. Even with that brilliant, big head of yours.”
John takes the bowl away, laughing, “No, you had enough while we were busy making them.”
“I needed this, thank you.”
"I should have never left," John says, foolishly wishing he could somehow turn back time and do it all over again, properly this time.
“We should check out this antique shop down a few streets,” Sherlock is saying, eyes going over the menu. “I heard there is a cinema inside.”
Sherlock drifts off to sleep with a smile still ghosting over his lips.
Sherlock rolls his eyes but John can still see the softness in there.
I know you did, and I should have listened to you.
Well, her dad is a very lucky man. SH
John laughs, “You certainly did. Brilliantly so.”
“No, I want to. I think it’s important. I was so angry with you. When you came back, I thought I’d forgiven you, but on my wedding night, right after you deduced that Mary was pregnant, I realised that I’d made a terrible mistake and I lay in bed that night wondering what it had all been for. It was my stupid, pathetic anger, driving me into her arms and further away from you.”
“Sorry. Sorry. I just… it’s been a bit of a tough week, I suppose.”
Sherlock looks down at his feet at the words, putting both hands in his pockets and walking away quickly. John hurries to catch up, heart pounding. He glances at Sherlock, face hidden from him, just as his hands are. John suppresses a sigh. He can’t really explain, but holding Sherlock’s hand has been one of his first fantasies. Whether it was in the street or at home, just lacing their fingers together has been haunting his days and nights for years. And now, with his dirty ones and Sherlock’s safely tucked in his shorts, John feels just a bit disappointed.
“That’s entirely up to you, I really don’t mind either way.”
“Yes, sorry, yes,” John says, smiling at him. “Thank you.”
Sherlock opens his mouth to say something before looking down, not giving John time to ask what he wanted to say as he nuzzles back against him and kisses him soundly.
They settle back to watch the movie, John finishing his meal quickly and Sherlock barely touching his. He puts back his box on the table and opens both arms as soon as he sits back, welcoming Sherlock against him. They usually end up in the same position every time they watch telly. Sherlock’s head finds its place on his shoulder, both arms snuggled around John’s body and his lips leaving small kisses against his neck now and then.
It takes them another thirty minutes to get out of bed, having by then decided on cupcakes. Sherlock insists on helping, and so they get started, together.
“Nope,” John says with finality. Sherlock closes his mouth with a small
John sighs, closing his eyes. “You’re right, as usual.”
Christ, okay. I meant to tell you this in a letter, but when I said I’ve explored more of my sexuality in the army, it was just… well, it wasn’t
Fine. SH
When he came back and there was suddenly
“I know. But on the outside, that’s all we were, especially to one another. To me, though, the more time passed by where you weren’t there anymore, the more you became this beautiful, melancholic dream I kept on adding to. I’d remember something as trivial as you making me a cup of tea and see it through a lens of something more meaningful. I read into everything that didn’t actually mean anything at the time because I just so desperately didn’t want to believe that you were truly gone without ever knowing how much…” he’s choking back sobs and Sherlock squeezes his hand in silent support, “how much I loved you. How special you were. The idea that you had left this world without ever knowing that was abhorrent to me. So my mind built up this complex dreamscape that I actually started to buy into. You become this legend and, our relationship, something belonging more to mythology than to the truth. That way, your leaving without ever having known was easier to deal with. I coped by lying to myself, bit by bit, about what we were to each other. And when you came back, it all came tumbling down around me, the reality of it - you staring at me with that ridiculous, drawn-on moustache - like jumping into a freezing cold pool.”
He’s surprised to find Sherlock busy making breakfast only to realise he must have gotten into the habit of doing so now, considering he lives alone.
“Considering it’s now close to lunch time, less people are gonna be waiting in line, so I’d say now is our best chance,” Sherlock replies, already walking away.
“Finally,” Sherlock replies, shifting closer. “I knew you would catch on eventually.”
“Did you study them last night?” John asks, his smile growing wider.
Sherlock flushed at the fierce emotion and candour in John’s voice. “I know.”
“Will you do it or not?” Sherlock huffs out impatiently. He didn’t come here for a match
“I think so.” That heartbreaking smile that doesn’t meet the eyes again.
“Sherlock, you have to understand that taking a break won’t change anything. It isn’t going to make it go away.”
John shrugs, smiling back.
With the low light and the steam from the hot water running, the atmosphere is exactly what Sherlock had been aiming for. He smiles, pleased with himself when John turns back around to kiss him some more.
“It isn’t exactly new, but you probably know that.”
make it for once?” John snaps before he can do anything about it.
“No!” Sherlock barks.
“I think I want to start.”
- and you can’t even be bothered to tell me about your new body art.”
John, on the other hand, has a kind of all-access pass to Sherlock’s life. He knows Sherlock’s family, a lot of his past, and more of his wounds than Sherlock is comfortable with anyone knowing, even John. The biggest thing he has, though, is Sherlock’s very heart. Through loving John, Sherlock has learnt to be soft and vulnerable and open. He has learnt that sentiment is
They clumsily climb the stairs to their room together, stopping for kisses along the way, bumping into the bannister and each other. It takes almost double the time to reach their bedroom but, once they do, the kissing begins again in earnest, all wetness and warmth, no room for anything like uncertainty or sorrow; not even for regret.
Sherlock’s body goes pliant into his arms, legs and arms wrapped around him. John smiles, kissing Sherlock’s neck a few times before pulling away to look at him.
John wakes up alone, the other side of the bed barely warm. In the few weeks they’ve been together, truly, wonderfully together, John had gotten used to waking up with Sherlock all over him, which is quite amazing. But the quarantine has changed more than one of Sherlock’s habits. More like all of them. The past few days have been a challenge in many ways, the two of them trying to come up with different ways to busy themselves. Meaning having quite a lot of sex, actually.
. People get married and generally move on with their lives - it’s what they do. He’s just a stepping stone of the path to all of that. Part of the journey, not the desired end product.
Sherlock nods, “I’ll think about it.”
When the hysterical chuckles subside, they turn to each other.
“You as well,” he mumbles.
:-* SH
“I can’t imagine going without her, it didn’t even cross my mind,” he finally confesses.
There will be a second part to this story coming very soon (you didn't think we'd just leave these beautiful characters here, did you?). It will follow a more traditional format at first, so you can peek behind the scenes of their relationship. We hope you like it and remember to bookmark that one, too.
“‘A semicolon is used when an author could've chosen to end their sentence, but chose not to’,” John rattles off, as though he’s had to explain this many times before.
“Should I have not?”
“Rosie’s cuter.”
“What’re you watching?” Sherlock asks into his chest.
“...”
John looks up quickly, but Sherlock is simply calling from the bedroom. Probably still in bed, wondering what is taking so long. John hurries to pour them both their mugs of coffee and brings a tray to the bedroom. He makes sure to regain some composure before coming in. Sherlock looks up from his book, frowning immediately.
“I never really understood why,” Sherlock finally says, “but it was always my bed, too, in my head. Never yours.”
They laugh so hard, they’re doubled over, the moment so complete and quintessentially
John are concerned, conventional words and phrases do seem to elude him.
It was good, texting you. Maybe we could do that, sometimes?
(...)
All this time, wasted.
Dine. SH
Sherlock remains silent.
Sherlock is hiding something.
“What do you think?”
John huffs out a laugh, but he isn’t amused - not by a long shot. He shakes his head, clearly (barely) holding back his indignation.
He can feel John tense a little, but doesn’t let go. “What, love?”
After a long while, when John thinks he’s fallen asleep again, Sherlock leans back.
“You’re sure?”
Of course there’s a bloody “we” when it comes to your mental or physical health! If I remember correctly,
“Rosie is awake,” Sherlock murmurs against his neck.
“I’ll try.”
“Sounds nice.”
“News?”
John’s entire body melts with the love he has for this brilliant, vulnerable man.
He isn’t asleep for long when he wakes up to the smell of something burning.
bed now.
John bursts out laughing. “Who would have thought that you saying the words ‘penetrative sex’ would be such a turn-on?”
“What is it? Have I said something wrong?”
“The tattoo is -”
For God’s sake, he doesn’t even want him to come back to Baker Street. Sherlock had always reminded him that 221B was still his home, but now that he asked to come back - drunkenly asked, yes, but asked nonetheless - Sherlock didn’t seem to agree with the idea at all. In fact, he seems to have found other ways to spend his time now, other people to share it with over dinner and wine.
Sh’lock, where the hell are you? One minute you were
- on a date will make it a more pleasant experience than eating hastily alone out of necessity.
“Case?”
thing about?” Sherlock asks innocently.
It feels as though all the air has been sucked out of the room upon his departure. The tension is still electrifying the atmosphere, and Sherlock’s stomach is in little knots. He knows he crossed a line, but he isn’t quite sure where. It isn’t always easy for him to gauge where in social situations he’s gone wrong, but that’s what John has always helped him with.
Fuck, what have I left to lose? Why am I still here? I just need to go and tell you, don’t I? No need for another bloody letter, no need to keep it a secret anymore. We are already on the verge of breaking apart, one more confession can’t do more damage.
brief
He tries not to think about it at first. He knows his body and mind, knows how it works, and so expects the thoughts to go away naturally. After all, he’s more than used to dreaming about Sherlock, no matter the nature of the dream. But then, he remembers how it ended up
brief
Sherlock nods lightly, walking towards him and cupping his face. “What is it?”
The noise of something breaking echoes in the room.
Sherlock lets him lace their fingers together without a word.
Being apart like this is revealing all the sides of me that I’ve so long kept artfully hidden, even from you. The sides that maybe only Tanya, aside from myself, know about.
Now, though, they’re happy. More than. Even though they’re stuck indoors for the most part (except for trips to the shops and when John is called in to do locum work), they find ways to entertain each other. Or, rather, Sherlock finds ways to drive them both ‘round the bend.
John forces himself to breathe out slowly, “Nothing. I just… wanted to check if everything was alright?”
“Used to work here, doesn’t know what to do with his life now. He comes every day for lunch; the restaurant never makes him pay. He’s thinking of asking for his old job back but he’s too ashamed to ask.”
And so, earlier that day, watching Sherlock play with Rosie while glancing lovingly at him, John had decided that he was more than ready to properly belong to this man. There is no certainty that it is going to work, that he won’t feel this useless afterwards, but for now all John needs is to be cared for and loved, and nothing else really matters. He craves reassurance, to be brought back to life with words and touches and sweet nonsense.
“What now?”
Sherlock’s breath catches against his lips as he pulls away, eyes searching his face and John’s smile grows wider. “I can’t wait, you know.”
The day I called Bill, it broke me, asking for his help. I listened to myself, asking if I could come because I was slowly destroying my best friend and I needed to put some distance between us before it was too late, and I realised just how pathetic I sounded. I was the shadow of a man when you pulled me back to life, Sherlock, and by the time I made that call, I had fallen even lower.
John arrives outside Baker Street exactly fifteen minutes before lunchtime. After spending all morning pacing around his flat, there was really no other option but to simply get going. He hadn’t stared too long at himself in the mirror before leaving, refusing to overthink this meeting more than he should. He needs not to think of this lunch as anything but just that - two friends (hopefully, still) sharing a meal. If he can keep this in mind, then he shouldn’t make a fool of himself any further.
Sherlock still isn’t responding, but not fleeing either, and John kisses the top of his head softly.
“And your grandfather?”
“Married?” she breathes.
The soft, concerned tone of Sherlock’s voice anchors him back to reality in an instant. The darkness around them is deep, too much so, and it takes him a second more to find Sherlock’s eyes.
“Da,” Rosie calls, showing him a toy now.
is ever said in 221B Baker Street anymore, if only because it sounds too much like
“Mmm. Maybe if we ignore them, they’ll go away,” he mumbles, feeling a bit more comfortable but still bone-tired. All he really wants to do now is have a hot shower and climb into bed surrounded by John.
At what time do you think you can get here?
“Shhh, not so loud.”
No more.
Sherlock looks away, focusing on his neck again. “I do, yes.”
John can feel his face lighting up. “When did you find time to get me something?”
“Just so you know,” he says, already out of breath, “we might not get to the penetrative part this morning.”
Sherlock looks back at him. “I love you, John, and I’m going to hate every second that you’re gone.”
Nothing, really. Just been going over your letter. SH
“I’m going to take care of breakfast,” John says, rolling to his side of the bed. “Then we can do more of that.”
Sherlock shrugs, “I didn’t know you two still talked.”
“Wanna go for a walk?”
Why didn’t you? SH
John turns around, finding Mike talking to another professor. He waits until he’s done before saying, “Sorry again.”
- thiss thing you’re doing where you’re not fucking here and I am. Iss not fair. It issn’t fair. Come home.
“Yes. I suppose it was.”
to give it - will he take it? They seem always to be pushing towards each other, but is it possible for this last push to be the one that counts? Sherlock doesn’t know if he can figure it out by himself, but he knows he needs to maybe try. The last thing he wants is to make a mistake with something as big as this.
Sherlock finds himself smiling, “Prague?”
Sherlock turns to face him very slowly, rolling onto his side. His eyes find John’s immediately, piercing even in the dim light. John focuses on his breathing, knowing this could go in two directions only.
Thank you for the flowers, love. I’d ask how you knew they were my favourite, but you’re Sherlock bloody Holmes and I am absolutely, madly in love with you.
I wasn’t ready back then. I’m not sure I am now. But apparently Ella was right, writing things down does help, and I’m hoping this letter will at least make some sense out of what I did.
And that had been it. All these months, with just a
“I always thought… You used to vehemently deny we were anything more than just friends, to the point where I thought the idea disgusted you somehow.”
“I see,” John smiles. “You just wanted to walk hand in hand. Romantic.”
Sherlock arrives first. Which is fair, considering he’s a full forty-eight minutes early. He doesn’t know what to do with himself, with his hands, with his feet - have they always been this big and awkward? - so he orders two espressos in a row. Once he’s finished draining his second cup, he takes a look around the terrace. There’s barely anybody around, which isn’t unusual, considering the time and day of the week. The Boating Lake hosts a few ducks and some parents with small children, but nothing of consequence. Nothing good enough to hold his attention or do some deductions. He fidgets with his phone, refreshing his email and texts and Twitter and slamming it down on the table when there’s nothing new there.
“Why would that make me uncomfortable?”
Thank you for all the comments, and we hope you'll like where we're going with this second part.
“We’ll see about that,” John replies, turning to face him. Unable to resist the urge anymore, he leans in for another kiss. “I should go get ready for our date.”
“It’s not about payment or repayment. It’s about the reciprocal nature of relationships. It’s about the fact that I’d do anything for you -
Sick now. SH
He says nothing, just keeps looking at John. Keeps searching, still. For what, he couldn’t say exactly.
“Sherlock,” he says, as softly as he can. “Come on, let’s get you to bed.”
John lets one of his fingers trace the biggest one, starting up Sherlock’s shoulder blade all the way down to his lower back. He keeps his touch light, barely a caress and lets his lips follow the same path. He closes his eyes, imagining he could make them all disappear, make the pain and the memories go away.
Sherlock pauses, a deep crevice forming where his eyebrows crease. John wants to reach out and placate it. He wants to do more than that.
“We’re both a bit broken,” John says in a murmur, not pulling away.
Hi everyone,
“Let me go get dessert,” Sherlock’s father says, “and some champagne.”
I told you so. This job wasn’t for you. SH
“Oh?” John asked.
John puts the tray down on his bedside table. There is no point in lying anyway. He isn’t about to start this new relationship with secrets.
“Do you want some water?”
John kisses his way down Sherlock’s neck, opening his shirt buttons to gain more access.
John nods, “Yes, ok.”
“What was it doing in our bed?”
“Now,” he breathes. “This is much better.”
“As much as I wish we had time, darling, we have to be at my parent’s by noon.”
I love you, God, I love you so much.
“Not my fault if you’re bad at pillow talk.”
“Thanks, I’ll be quick!”
Sherlock,
I love you too.
“I am, yes,” John replies, forcing himself to breathe in and out slowly.
“Or I’ll ki-kiss you back!” Sherlock shrieked in a fresh fit of laughter, rolling around to avoid further onslaught.
I hope you’ll understand and hold none of this against me.
Sherlock leans in to kiss him, sealing their lips in a lock that takes John by surprise, hungry for more. With both of Sherlock’s hands urging him to, John rolls him onto his back, settling on top of him. Without ever breaking the kiss, John slowly eases them closer together, hands traveling up and down Sherlock’s side until the urgency fades away. He doesn’t pull away just yet, prying Sherlock’s lips open with his tongue and kissing him for long seconds.
I think we should state what we were and have been to each other and move on.
John nods, embarrassed before smiling as Sherlock’s cheeks turn bright red. Oh, he thinks.
“It’s those feelings that got me on the plane and to you and, right now, it’s because of them that I feel as if my chest is about to implode because you are deadly silent now and I don’t know what that means and I’m scared to death you understand exactly what I’m talking about but don’t know how to tell me how ridiculous it is and —”
John, I. I realise I shouldn’t have just… kind of turned up that way, I. I apologise. For everything.
Love? Are you alright?
The residents of 221B are starting to seriously miss you. SH
“Sherlock.”
“Hello again sweetheart,” he smiles, kissing her temple softly. “How was your afternoon?”
“I do not recall, so I’m allowed to say whatever I want.”
Sherlock keeps his eyes closed, “You only answered two out of three. You said nothing about my… lack of experience…”
They remain close and kissing for as long as possible, and when John finally rolls over to get up, he can feel Sherlock’s eyes fixed on him. Smiling, he goes to put on a dressing gown and winks at him on his way out of the room. Rosie is already awake, playing with one of her toys and she reaches for him immediately. John takes the time to change her nappy her before going back downstairs, finding Sherlock already at the kitchen table. He hands him Rosie’s bottle and she drinks happily in his arms. The intimacy of it all hits John all of a sudden. It feels like they’ve been doing this for years, not having to exchange a single word to understand each other.
