Frustrated, John sighed and reciprocated Irene's gaze.
There was only one explanation.
Jack took a sip from his cup (
Sherlock has always been mysterious about it, even though...-
-That's right.
Moreover, I could never deprive the City of London of the only living consultant detective- he merely answered in a quiet tone.
From the expression on the little girl's face, however, he realized that she had not done a great job until then.
John leaned against the back of the armchair and closed his eyes.
Again, Molly nodded.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow, pouring wine into both glasses.
That night when Sherlock had finally told him what had happened during his absence, John had only needed a glance to know that the detective had omitted something, but for the first time that night they had managed to speak as they used to do, without tense silences or without arguing as was the case too often since Sherlock’s return, so he preferred not to investigate further hoping that what he did not know would not have consequences.
"No one, but no one ever does" said Sherlock, shrugging his shoulders in a careless gesture.
The little girl had shaken her head, losing interest in her conversation with Mycroft and returning to her book.
"Forget everything and live happily ever after?" Irene replied.
"And why should I?" asked John, taking a couple of steps toward the kitchen.
Sitting in a red leather armchair with a high back, a short distance from Lady Holmes, John held his breath, not knowing what to expect: it was not the first time he had been subjected to that kind of conversation, but he was usually confronted by a wary father determined to scare him with any means possible.
With his back straight and his shoulders perfectly aligned, John once more touched the words on the headstone in one last gesture of greeting before turning around and walking toward the cemetery exit.
The detective turned around, causing a slight movement of the blue robe and brought his eyes to the face of the man who had stood up by the sofa.
Two shots were fired on the door before Robert opened it.
I love Sherlock, you know I do, from the first day our paths crossed and until the moment they will separate forever… We wouldn't be here if I hadn't promised to spend the rest of my life with him, even though there are no timetables, crazy experiments and bullet holes in the wall or all the crazy things that happen to us" John said, making Sherlock’s lips curved in a little smile.
Then he was gone and honestly, I don't know if I'll be able to forgive him...-said leaving the sentence in half, unable to get rid of the knot that suddenly clenched his throat.
After thanking him, John ended the communication and shoved his cell phone into his trouser pocket, then looked back at the kitchen door: his father seemed perfectly at ease with Hamish, like if he spent every day surrounded by children and not by men of his own age.
John let out a sigh, certainly the first in a long series, and turned to the two men, who had meanwhile taken their seats on the sofa in front of them.
Although there was a high probability that it was his last chance.
She understood why Sherlock had saved that woman despite the problems his actions had created with John, the feeling of sadness that had accompanied him for weeks after her disappearance, and why for years Sherlock had continued to hide his feelings for John, even though they were obvious to everyone but the doctor.
Snuggling up in the fetal position, John tried to clear his mind of those unanswered questions and stared at the wall for a few moments before closing his eyes again, one last thought running through his mind.
When his mind was busy with one of his fantastic puzzles or focused an experiment, hours passed by a triple speed, confusing day and night, making him forget all his futile primary needs, first of all sleep and eat.
A corner bar was set in the center, reachable so from both sides and slightly elevated compared to the platform were the DJ station was.
Heedless of the pain that spread almost instantly in his hand, he struck him again, this time in the stomach, without giving Sherlock time to recover, managing to throw him to the ground.
"No way" Sherlock said, as he approached John and sat behind him on the floor, his chest against John’s back.
"I didn't know you were looking for a new girlfriend” said John good-natured.
The boy smiled as well, before moving off the wall and staring at him with a predatory look.
It was a sweet and almost timid kiss, different from all they had exchanged so far, without the urgent need to turn that gesture of affection and love into something more passionate.
He glanced at the child and let Hamish lay his head against his shoulder, more comfortable, and stared briefly at his eyes fighting against sleep, before returning to stare at the wall in front of him.
John met her gaze, slightly surprised: since her divorce from Clara had become official, Harry had shown no interest in dating again.
"What happened to the boy?" he asked.
-He’s a Holmes.
"It wasn't my decision" the detective said.
John hinted a smile at those words.
He only had to look around for a few moments to find the exact spot where John had stood still, his gaze upwards, where he stood on the ledge and greeted him for the last time.
I don't want Hamish to have nightmares tonight... Why don't you update me on the latest cases you've had instead?
-Hamish-Sherlock replied.
-Good night Sherlock-greeted the blond as he made his way back to the stairs.
Jack stood up and held out his hand to help him get up.
-Oh, get stuff! -  the doctor said without acrimony.
Completely amazed by the vision in front of him, John stood still for a few moments, helping Sherlock to fully enjoy that moment, before moving his hand away from the man's spent cock and focusing on his own orgasm, which made his ears buzzing and led him to move his hips again, almost drilling into Sherlock.
-I don't understand...-he tried.
How do I forgive him?
That teenage boy was a bunch of skin and bones held together by his own clothes, and for a moment Greg remembered the first encounter he had with Sherlock: same thinness, same reticence, fortunately in this case he did not have to deal with a young man who was high on cocaine, but this did not rule out that he needed his help.
She told me you were here and asked if I could bring it to you- explained the woman before taking a sip from her bottle.
I didn't want your protection.
"As you know, John is back at Baker Street," Sherlock said, receiving a nod to confirm his words- But our situation is no longer what it was before Hamish came to live with us...-continued.
"How are you going to celebrate this milestone?" Mycroft asked with caution.
"Can you just answer my question?" asked Greg.
-Right after the pool accident, you and Sarah went to New Zealand for two weeks, why...Oh-
The sound of his mobile phone drawn him from his thoughts, leading him to lower his gaze on the illuminated screen.
"It's a pity that I don’t want to talk about what happened" he said.
The best solution would be to turn his bedroom into a children's room, so that over the years Misha would have his little "shelter" to hide or to conduct his own experiments, if he had taken a little of Sherlock's scientific interest.
The bed was still set against a wall, to the right of the three-drawer dresser that had always contained his clothes and in front of the desk with the expected lamp, his companion of many nights spent studying.
"How could he forget him there?" asked Greg, the incredulity clear in every word.
-At least now you can admit your feelings... It’s a shame it took you three years- Irene said with a shrug, as if the man's problems didn't concern her.
move.
Wrapped in his Belstaff and the ever-present blue cashmere scarf, the detective followed John and Emma down the stairs leading to the front door, always accompanied by the cheerful chatter of the little girl, who seemed intent on telling John everything that had happened to her in the weeks when they had not seen each other.
I haven't seen him since the last time he came to see me in the hospital, and it's been almost a year now.
During my last year, my high school set up a "Work of the Future Day": various stands were installed in the Assembly Hall with all possible information about various job possibilities.
"You were with me" said Sherlock, earning a confused look, which prompted the detective to continue.
Taken by surprise by that unexpected gesture, Sherlock turned his head slightly towards him and met his ocean-blue eyes a few moments, heartened by the smile that bent John's lips.
-A long time ago, we were monkeys, then slowly evolved into what we are now.
With an innocent expression on his face, Sherlock bowed his head as if he wanted to speak in the doctor's right ear.
"He's a little fighter- commented John looking first at Boss then Sherlock with a smile.
"They came to pick you up, young man" he said, pulling Hamish closer to his chest, suddenly feeling sad.
Sherlock stared at him, not at all impressed by his anger, and crossed his arms at chest height.
Once in front of the door, Greg took a deep breath and knocked, aware that the other man had already felt his presence, probably since the elevator doors had opened.
-Do you want a night of madness and then everything back to normal? Consultant detective and blogger as usual? -John asked him before stopping again to take a deep breath-I've known you for too long not to know that what I want from you is clear like a tattoo on your forehead, so it's up to you to decide.
"They give you a George Clooney look" the boy said.
"What name do you prefer?" he was asked.
All of them were more than valid reasons that led him to reject Sherlock’s idea, but a  veil of sadness had inevitably accompanied his words and contaminated his smile.
- A few years ago, before Sherlock disappeared, we ran into someone during a case... A woman.
Mycroft sighed plainly annoyed.
Baby Girl nodded again, suddenly thoughtfully, and John stood up.
An unexpected sheen appeared in John's eyes, leading him to wonder if he had said anything wrong, before the other man put his hand on his right cheek.
Needing to catalogue every mole, every possible imperfection of the other man, Sherlock pulled his lips away John's and immediately went down the Adam's apple where his attention is captured by the scar on John's shoulder kissing it softly.
Only once that agreement was reached did the black-haired man look up, finding four pairs of eyes fixed on him: he turned to John and noticed the look of disbelief and at the same time appreciation (
-Who?- the detective asked.
-I was. I am-
Mycroft finished getting ready and drove to the underground car park where Ken, his personal driver for seventeen years, waited for him with the car door already open; Mycroft gave a slight nod to his employee's salute and got into the car before settling comfortably in the car for the short trip.
-He’s with Molly.
"But we weren't together at the time" he said to himself.
But we both know he’s not a normal child-said Mycroft in a pokerfaced voice.
-Well, not anymore…- said Greg careful to not use compromising words.
Greg looked at his coat and noticed that, perfectly visible for the entire time of their conversation, the arm holster of his gun had peeped out of his coat.
A smug smile stretched out John's lips.
With a quick movement, Sherlock stood before him, both hands on the sides of his face, eyes looking for the doctor's blue ones.
Mycroft nodded.
"Mrs. Halliwell's pub?" asked John even more surprised.
Instead, he was confronted with a woman ten centimeters taller than himself, with soft curves wrapped in a midnight blue dress accompanied by a pair of shoes of the same color with a low heel.
It was only then that he had exposed Sherlock’s idea to Baby Girl.
"I'm not going to give up my job," Sherlock said in one breath.
His ears recorded Sherlock's baritone voice even before his eyes could see his figure in the kitchen; Sherlock, as usual in his pajamas and dressing gown, was sitting next to the table busy having breakfast with little Hamish.
-He will- he murmured after a few moments.
John thinned his eyes, glaring at him.
Would he go to the appointment tomorrow with the knowledge that that was their swan song, or with a confident look in his eyes towards the future that awaited them?
John nodded.
John didn't need to ask him for an explanation.
He had managed to fall asleep around two o'clock at night, slipping into confused and almost imperceptible dreams that had left no trace of themselves when he woke up.
-Pleasure to meet you Lady Violet-he greeted her.
It would have taken a small gesture to make all those conflicting thoughts fade away and to make that wonderful mind still and silent for a few precious moments, but just as the distance between them was about to diminish further, John remembered being in a public place and how Sherlock had always hated public displays of affection, so he merely took the detective's hand again, weaving his fingers around the pale, tapered ones.
___________________________________________
With a little bit of luck, they will leave, and they will not disturb us anymore-said Sherlock in a whisper.
There was nothing more important to Greg than his career, and not for the hope of one day becoming Superintendent or another big shot, but simply for the need to be useful to the community.
What your child needs, right now, is that you help him grow healthy and to do this you have to take your vitamins every day.
John had to admit that there was nothing truer, so he merely nodded, sure that even that slight hint would be enough to keep the detective going.
That's why he needs someone who's always by his side to berate him when he's acting like an idiot or even to make sure he doesn't feel too lonely- he ended with a smile.
Mycroft shook his head, getting a grip of himself after that brief moment of intimacy.
Before long, John managed to get three fingers inside Sherlock, moving slowly and carefully, until he knew that the man was ready.
Jack nodded his head, preparing to meet the ghost who had always hovered around the flat and in his relationship with John.
There it is.
Without speaking, he turned back to Mycroft, met his gaze and nodded.
I was the one who told him something about you...-she confessed.
Fortunately, his body was dry and snappy, thanks to the hours spent chasing that wild madman through the city's alleys, saving him from the belly that it seemed to afflict many of his colleagues of his age.
-We've been together forty-eight hours, what do you expect? - Sherlock asked him.
"Now my priority is to talk to John!" the detective began walking back and forth in free space between the coffee table and the couch.
"Would you like a cup of tea?" he asked.
-I'm going to do whatever it takes, if it's going to get you back to me.
-The correct answer is: "Hello Jack, how are you?" -teased the other man, unperturbed by the detective's abrupt manners, entering the living room, passing Robert still standing at the door.
For a few moments in the room there was silence until, unable to hold back much longer, Sally burst out laughing, drawing the attention of the two men.
Mycroft had to acknowledge that the boy had great acting skills; perhaps on another occasion he would consider him for a position in one of the many ministries he dealt with.
John’s eyes were wide when they cut over to him, but Sherlock kept going,
“And,” Sherlock went on, pleased that his joke was so well-received, “you didn’t clean your boots last night because you would have been tired and the task would have been more difficult by gaslight. Therefore, you must have risen early enough this morning
This was certainly a problem, but he didn’t know what the solution could possibly be. What could he say? They weren’t tied to one another in any way that would justify bringing up his odd covetousness, and he didn’t even really understand the feeling enough to explain it anyway. John wasn’t his
Sherlock’s hands faltered on the photographs for only a moment as he stacked them, but recovered before she could possibly notice. The irony of her casual observation was that some part of him, for reasons he couldn’t quite understand, was hoping no one else had noticed that.
The ire was darkening those intense brown eyes, and John replied in a low, but still rough, voice, as his hand came down to smack onto the sofa in vexation.
“Will you tell me about it?” he asked anyway, taking another few steps closer until he was right next to John and could read his profile more accurately.
He looked up to meet Jessie’s lovely pale blue eyes, and saw when she was the first one to realize what he meant.
“I…” John’s voice trailed off, as though he were too flustered to string together the proper words, and that was so very unlike him, “I couldn’t—I wasn’t interested in any of those men.”
“He wanted me to tell you you’re free to stop by his house any time you like,” John told her, refusing to take the bait. “He said you’re always welcome.”
John blinked and cut his eyes away with an almost shy huff of amusement.
“What about them?” he pressed, removing his coat to drape on the couch.
“He seems to think now is an appropriate time for us to go our separate ways.”
In the next moment, the humor had drained from John’s face and left behind that peculiar kind of sorrow and solemnity that had always baffled Sherlock, for more than ten years now.
The vehemence with which the question was put startled Sherlock as much as the news itself had. John had always been a man of intensity, which manifested itself as a temper that was sometimes a little too quick when he was stressed or upset. But rarely was that temper turned upon Sherlock, and so when it did occur he often reacted poorly as well. This time, however, he felt no countering irritation, but only an immense sympathy for his friend, who had never had a love like Michael before as far as Sherlock knew.
“It was more than a year before I would admit it to myself,” he answered finally, “but it must have happened right away, almost since the day we met. You had me within a week. Are you happy to know that?”
“Your bedroom door,” he clarified. “When I came up the stairs a little while ago, it was open. You never left it open when you lived here before.”
In answer, John’s left hand moved to cup his jaw, tilting Sherlock’s head so that he could deepen the kiss, while his other arm encircled Sherlock’s back and yanked him close, and Sherlock found he didn’t mind being manhandled, not in the slightest, because he could trust these hands, he knew. These hands were safe.
“Please don’t,” came the pleading whisper. “I can’t move back here, Sherlock, no matter how much either of us wishes it. You-you don’t know what it’s like, being here with you, but
After John had gone to have his final talk with Michael, Sherlock spent the next twenty minutes straightening the sitting room in something of a daze, because for the very first time in his life he felt that absolutely everything in his little world was perfect. He had a warm and welcoming home, the resources to keep it running for as long as he lived there, his work which was only getting more enjoyable by the day, and most importantly of all he had a family. He had never even dreamed of having one in his younger, more foolish days; then he'd thought it would be him, Alice, and the girls and even that unexpected dream had slipped through his fingers so that he never dreamed of a family again. But now he couldn't imagine having a more worthwhile little family than the one he possessed. Sherlock Holmes, John Watson, Bea, Jessie, Billy, and Spike—an odd little bunch to be sure, but together they somehow made a perfectly matched set, he thought.
John’s brows knitted in confusion for a moment, and Sherlock continued boldly.
He’d been jealous of Michael.
John processed the flow of logic for a short moment, and then the corner of his mouth twitched into a smile and he looked down at his boots again.
He also knew how many times John had done the same in return, how many times he’d flushed at the candid praises despite his somber demeanor, how often his back had straightened and his eyes brightened because Michael had said something to him, or touched him, or kissed him.
sure, about everything, and just like back then he drifted into a perfectly restful and dreamless sleep.
. John had saved him, over and over again since the very start, not just from bullets or knives (though those were numerous as well) but from much more—from loneliness when they'd first met, from obscurity through his stories, from grief after Alice, from overdose. In the last three years he’d cared for Sherlock’s daughters and paid the rent on Sherlock’s abandoned apartment and solved Sherlock’s cases all while Sherlock himself had been gone seemingly forever. He had made mistakes, it was true, some of which Sherlock probably didn’t even know, but he’d taken responsibility as best he could when other men might have folded or made excuses. He was magnificent, truly.
But something
“Since your return, he seems to think we have some sort of…connection between us, and that he is getting in the way of that. Of course I told him that’s ridiculous. It’s never been like that between you and me. I’ve just been spending too much time here, I suppose, and now….He made me swear I would consider moving back here, into the house with you, and that we’d discuss it over dinner. Now I can at least say I brought it up, and hopefully when I go back home I can resolve this with him for good.”
“Mm?"
Those brown eyes shut tightly, his face flooded with regret.
He looked up, and he wasn’t sure if it was his lack of clarity or the pure joy alighting his gaze, but John seemed to be as confused as ever by his behavior. The other man regarded him with an exhausted sort of bewilderment that screamed of his own dejection.
John stifled a grin at that. Sherlock Holmes had never appreciated the effort that went into dressing like a gentleman, but these days the only tie he even owned was inside his kit of disguises, to be worn only when absolutely necessary. John Watson, on the other hand, always dressed well and everyone recognized it.
“Why?” Bea demanded, having the presence of mind to speak up before any of the rest of them could even process his words. “Why would you leave it open to come back? You made your choice. You left to be with our mum.”
Sherlock wanted to set a good example, and really, they were all old enough now that they ought to be more grown up, but considering the state he’d been in when they’d met he supposed he didn’t have any right to scold her for anything. And in any case, after a bit of criticism clouded his face, John met her eyes and ended up laughing along with her, albeit more subdued, his own eyes glowing warmly. When his gaze slipped back to Sherlock’s, the detective realized very abruptly that this was the happiest he’d been not just in the last fifteen years, but in possibly his entire life. He’d once believed that he would never be happy again without Alice, but since Purgatory, since he’d broken free of it and had become something of a real father with his career and his closest friend intact, he’d found he’d been wrong about that too.
Sherlock’s breath caught on a tiny laugh of disbelief and wonder.
he’d missed something now, because all the irritation left John’s demeanor in an instant as he, too, visibly tried not to grin while he rolled his eyes.
She nodded and he poured, and he would probably never get used to seeing her smile at him so freely because he knew he didn’t deserve it, not at all. But he was lucky. He was the world’s most fortunate man, in fact—not Michael, nor even John—because he’d gotten a second chance at life, quite literally, and the people he’d hurt the most the first time around saw fit to forgive him for it and let him build them a little home despite his faults and follies.
“I’m not the man I was,” he said, as if John didn’t know that, as if he hadn’t been the only one there to watch Sherlock Holmes’s tumultuous downfall and help him keep his head above water.
“Yes?” the other man looked up and, seeing that John was lingering in the doorway looking contemplative again, set aside the crumpled newspaper in his hands. “What is it?”
“—but now I have more reason to be than ever before. You are wonderful, not only for your genius but for your goodness as well, and yes, I still love you. Of course I do. Nothing will ever change that, believe me; I tried everything once I knew you couldn’t love me back. But I can’t stop myself. You’re all I’ve ever wanted.”
“No!” he half-shouted, and then restrained himself, for as maddening and sickening as the whole thing had been, he at least refused to cause them any more needless hurt by wording this tactlessly. “She—your-your mother, she pushed me.”
Michael, who had only heard secondhand about all the shit Sherlock and John had endured together for fifteen years, who knew nothing about the tentative and endearing weeks in the beginning when they’d first become housemates and started to understand and connect with one another, or all the hours the two had spent in these very rooms discussing cases and books and history and science and life and death, or how many fights between them during that decade after the First Rip had resulted in bruises not just from one another’s hands but from the hurtful words as well, or how many times Sherlock might have faded away in a drug den if John hadn’t found him in time and brought him home, or how Sherlock had made John endless cups of his favorite tea those following days as apologies…
“Yes,” was all Sherlock could think to answer.
Upon first hearing this, Sherlock felt a thrill of celebration he could not control, which he quickly stifled as he recognized such a reaction was unfair to John, who looked positively miserable in the soft sunlight that was just starting to fade into night.
He looked down and only just noticed she’d left her friends on the settee to join him by the desk.
years of his life previously in a cocaine-hazed hell of his own errant emotions, and yet it felt like a whole lifetime somehow. London had recovered from the darkness that had manipulated its citizens into nightmarish monsters; apparently “experts” had finally concluded the whole thing was due to mushrooms in the water supply or some such foolishness, though the common belief was still in the supernatural. Prince Leopold was engaged to be married to Princess Helena; Sherlock still didn’t quite understand how the lad had become a part of everything in the first place, but he’d let that question go. The children, who were all young adults now, really, had done up their little cellar dwelling a street over from Baker Street; it was now brighter, warmer, better-furnished, full of light and laughter and a little household of four all healthy in both body and mind. And John…
John made a show of studying the photograph for a long moment, just to entertain Sherlock, he knew, and then shrugged blandly with one shoulder and held it back to him dismissively.
As the voice drew closer, the man stepped through the doorway; his cheery brown eyes lit upon John and saw no one else, which was evidently quite normal for Michael Morstan. Not noticing that there was now an additional person besides the four usual in the background, Michael reached for John with both hands and looked as though he were going to kiss or at least embrace him with the upmost affection, and that was the first moment in which, like a lightening strike, Sherlock Holmes realized John Watson was homosexual.
John swallowed but seemed tranquil enough when he nodded and replied,
But he knew how. It was the same reason he’d never seen any of the other, lesser men who might’ve shown him attention if he’d demonstrated any interest. He had never been attracted to any of them, never to a man, had never even considered it. Could he be? He didn’t even know. He wasn’t sure now, of anything.
John started to shake his head, but seemingly to himself rather than to Sherlock, as though he were refusing to let his own mouth answer. That frustrated Sherlock more than he would have anticipated, but he supposed it was because John had apparently been telling nothing but the truth to dear precious Michael since they’d met, while to Sherlock he still withheld and told lies, as if Sherlock wasn’t important enough to receive the same truth.
“John,” he said, taking a couple of steps toward him, “please, tell me. I’d like to help if I can.”
Now that he’d returned and inserted himself into their little dynamic, Sherlock tried very hard not to feel overwhelmingly guilty about his neglect, which was surprisingly easy to accomplish, because in the last few years the five of them had all agreed on something else too: forgiveness. They’d said so, back at this start of this odd new life, when he’d first returned….
“How long?”
“I thought
“But why?” he questioned, sincerely surprised. “I thought you two were doing very well together.”
John wanted to look scandalized for a moment, Sherlock knew by the way it started to form on his face. But then he flushed so strongly it was visible even in the limited light, and looked away, mouth twitching in helpless amusement.
He looked back to John, who nodded with his own eyes on the clock; even so, however, the doctor’s strong arm did not unwind from around Sherlock’s slender back, keeping him so close their bodies nearly touched.
“All these years,” he murmured, in awe, “all this time. How?”
Sherlock hadn’t been famous then, but he’d certainly been confident in his own ability to build his reputation into something marvelous. He’d been quick, and cunning, and outgoing, and eloquent, and—he wasn’t too shy to say—somewhat attractive at least, with his careless smile and his long dark hair often tied up in a thoughtlessly windswept fashion and his well-fitting wardrobe in colors just bold enough to be eye-catching. One woman, he recalled, had once told him (rather flirtatiously) that he looked like the wild, debauched adventurer from a seafaring novel but with the poise and acuity of a prince. He’d laughed, and raised his glass of deep red wine, said that she would have to guess which he actually was, and everyone in the room had chuckled at his relaxed humor but had seemed to agree with her assessment nonetheless. Perhaps it might have been easy to love him then, when he was full of promise and youth and vivid genius.
such praise before, never been the recipient of anyone’s admiration and wonder. Everyone had always been too preoccupied with Sherlock, because John had arranged it that way; John had built him up, believed in his crime-solving abilities before anyone else would, let him stand in the light he helped create while John himself kept to the shadowed background despite his own greatness.
see me. And so if I move back here, if I go back to those days, I’ll have to watch it all happen again—you might meet some other woman, some day, and I’ll have to sit here in these rooms and try to survive that torment without it killing me, and I can’t, not again. I’m too old now for that; I’ll never live through it without going madder than I did the first time, and then I’ll just hurt us both, just like before. But I can’t stay with Michael now, either, can I? Because you’re alive. You’re fucking
As if on cue, he heard the door downstairs slam shut again with rather too much force and his—
—like how when he fluttered out the door and down the stairs, Bea watched him go with a brightening smile of satisfaction, as though she had just seen something that she’d been hoping to see for a long time. The boys weren’t paying attention, of course, but she glanced to her sister, and sure enough Jessie was also looking toward where their father (slow-growing as their relationship was) had just departed looking so unnaturally agitated. The sisters raised their eyebrows at each other, a silent conversation passing between them, and then Jessie gave a little shrug that was more optimistic than uncertain.
“Yes,” he piped up, breaking into their silent conversation to make himself a part of it. “We decided earlier tonight.”
As he left the room, he didn’t want to think about it—really, he wasn’t trying at all—but with every step his mind was recalling and calculating all the numbers of times he’d seen kisses, touches, covert whispers…. The runaway thoughts would follow him all the way to Scotland Yard, he knew.
with you. I can’t.”
“Come in,” he called, pausing his aimless plucking at his violin strings but not bothering to set the instrument aside.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You see,” he said, feeling some of that old fire of adventure in his soul that he’d always felt around John, “I thought it might have been an invitation, of a sort.”
He’d thought his sincerity was convincing enough, but doubt still waged against the hope in John’s gaze, and the man only looked all the wearier when he replied impatiently,
than too many).
He also realized abruptly that he’d been staring dumbly into John’s eyes for rather longer than was necessary, and that John’s smile had faded to a look much like the one he’d worn constantly before—emotionless, guarded, as though if he showed anything it would be used against him somehow. But his eyes were softer and wider than usual too, as though he were also asking a question of Sherlock that he couldn’t decipher, and Sherlock Holmes could decipher anything.
Sherlock’s eyes widened, but John did not give him any time to form a response before he went on, looking away again to the floor and turning so he was almost faced completely away from Sherlock, uselessly smoothing the sleeve of the coat he’d just tossed over the sofa back.
“It went better than I had anticipated. He knew all along, after all, how I really felt about you. He said…”
John said nothing, just continued to stare at him with baleful eyes, heart thundering under Sherlock’s palm.
John clenched his jaw in an effort to control his runaway emotions, most especially the fury he was clearly starting to feel, and shook his head in defeat.
And there it was, the third or fourth lightening-strike realization in the past year. No one knew John Watson like he did,
bother him. He knew it, and he pondered over it relentlessly, but each time he couldn’t find a reasonable excuse for his soul-deep frustration. It was the one and only real problem he had with life now.
“Look at you,” John told him, seeing his doubt and uncertainty, as always, raising a hand to gesture at what Sherlock could only imagine was the pitiful sight of his gaunt, worn-out body in his frayed undershirt and ill-fitting trousers and bare feet.
, my god it was still so difficult to comprehend—whispered in muted horror. “Mother…she used her powers on you, to make you go?”
“Not if you don’t wish to speak of it,” he conceded.
He was nearly asleep when John kissed the top of his head, and then he
want from
It was such a simple want, so unexpectedly innocent, that for a moment Sherlock could only be awed once again at how purely John Watson loved him. He shoved aside any thoughts of turning this night into anything more (there would be plenty of time later for that), and felt complete contentment when he offered a half-smile and nod.
John raised his brows impatiently, and Bea was fighting a self-satisfied smirk before she’d even started talking.
The words were uttered in a desperate fury, as a mask of utter heartbroken defeat cut over his friend’s face so intensely it made Sherlock’s own heart clench for him. His knuckles grasped at the couch back behind him so tightly they paled to match the loss of color suddenly turning his perfect dark skin into a sickly shade.
The others might not have cared enough to notice, but Sherlock knew their short-kept secret was out when Bea’s eyes went straight to the old suitcase carried in one of John’s hands. While Jessie, Spike, and Billy argued over the last chip on the coffee table, Bea turned back around on the settee to look at Sherlock, who blinked dumbly at the calculated look on her face, and then she looked back at John.
That was true enough, he supposed, though he imagined it was more difficult to live with a narcissistic, ego-crazed, half-abusive cocaine addict than with a sometimes-cranky but mostly soft-spoken war hero. He had suspected John of so much back then, and someday he guessed they would still need to work all that out. But after everything, here they were, and for now that was enough.
When the detective started to roll back over in the darkness, he found an insistent arm around his shoulders and another across his waist, turning him bodily. He allowed it when John adjusted them so that Sherlock was tucked against his side, bundled up warmly against the chilly night air, held tight by hands that were suddenly greedy for the closeness. John’s heartbeat under his ear was fast but slowing, and Sherlock likewise found himself relaxing oddly quickly as those hands traced figures over his back and stroked rhythmic patterns up and down his arm.
Sherlock supposed he should feel more appreciative of how impressed Michael was, and how he grinned with John’s infectious enthusiasm and congratulated the great detective on his brilliance, but somehow Sherlock didn’t feel as uplifted as Michael intended, because the man applauded John equally. For a sickening moment upon realizing that, Sherlock thought he was jealous because John was receiving praise for a case, and he thought himself an awful and repellant friend; but then he realized after the pair had departed for lunch that he hadn’t been jealous of John at all.
But Sherlock wasn’t going to do anything of the kind; in fact, his own response was far more powerful than he’d been expecting. He could taste the desperation in John’s warm mouth, the intensity and complexity of friend’s feelings for him in the way he kissed, and he’d never experienced anything like it before even with Alice. He hadn’t felt anything akin to arousal in years now, really, but all in an instant he found his hands reaching blindly until one tangled in short, soft hair and the other clutched at a starched collar and pulled and twisted.
Sherlock gave a visible start, for no matter what he might’ve been when he was young, age and addiction had surely taken away anything beautiful about him, hadn’t they? What could John possibly be seeing
“Her powers,” the girl—
“I’m sorry?”
Sherlock looked up and peered sadly at his friend’s alarmed expression.
Then, that final lightning strike, and the most searing one yet that answered all his questions—
He noticed after several ticks of the mantle clock that the room was oddly quiet, and he turned to find four pairs of eyes on him. Of them, Bea’s, who was standing next to him still, were the only pair not to look instantly away in false disinterest; instead hers danced with some unspoken private joke which she refused to share, as she turned away from him and back to her friends.
“What?” he bit out harshly, as if disbelieving that Sherlock could be so callous as to ignore every word he’d just said to bear his soul.
always listen. Sometimes I wonder if I had a choice, even back then.”
am I supposed to do? No matter what I do, you’ll never want me. You will
John was leaned on the desk beside where Sherlock stood rifling through old photographs in search of confirmation of his theory, and in that heartbeat of time the only difference between them now and them before the First Rip was the children’s laughter in the background as they were teasing one another. And then Sherlock found his theory about the case confirmed, and all was perfect in his little world because when he looked up with an exclamation of success, John’s eyes were on him in rapt anticipation of his genius. Sherlock held up the photograph before him like a magician pulling the correct card from the stack, feeling more like himself than he had in over a decade.
“And now, here you are,” he growled roughly.  “You’ve come home, and you’re incredible, and brilliant, and beautiful—”
Sherlock was certain in the next instant that, despite his confessions and implications, John had never expected such forwardness so soon. The clear jolt of shock stiffened his back and made his mouth fall slightly open just before the pretty and unfamiliar blush got deeper across his sculpted cheekbones. This was all such a new experience for them both, and so he shouldn’t be surprised at anything anymore, but Sherlock couldn’t help thinking that on his stoic and secretive friend this uncharacteristic shyness was one of the sweetest things he’d ever seen.
“It’s just,” John replied, the humor gone again, “Michael seems to have a wrong idea about…something.”
I loved writing this part so much, so I really hope you liked reading it! The final part will be posted this upcoming Sunday night. Thanks for reading!
He felt a great self-satisfaction when John smirked through the despondency.
“Apparently not,” he muttered, then shook himself a bit and shoved the photographs into his jacket pocket. “I’m going to the Yard to give this evidence to Gregson. Please don’t burn down the whole house while I’m away.”
“Put your coat back on, John,” he instructed merrily, moving to the hatstand to do the same. “We must stop in Southwark and speak first to our client, then to Scotland Yard to pry some information out of the inspector on the case, and then who knows? Perhaps great adventure awaits us today, my friend.”
“I’ll be back soon,” he said, more just to hear himself say it than anything.
“Sherlock—” came the warning tone of an impending storm between them.
“Incredible,” he said simply, but Sherlock knew they were both proud that the detective was in his right enough mind these days to accomplish even so easy a deduction.
“You could stay here,” he said, hoping his own feelings weren’t making him unwisely eager.
“I wonder,” he started again, taking strength from where his palm was flat over John’s heart, “if maybe I
Sherlock took a moment to reconsider his opinions on Michael Morstan, who was apparently much more insightful than he himself could ever imagine being—and certainly more noble as well, for it seemed that although Michael did love John truly, he was willing to let him go for the better. Sherlock couldn’t imagine being that selfless either. Now that John Watson was going to be back in his proper place, the detective couldn’t imagine ever letting him move out again. He was determined never to give him a reason to consider it.
hating on Alice because she’s in the way of my ship—I also thought it would be an interesting layer to Season 1 to find out she was actually manipulating Sherlock with her powers, whether on purpose or not.
really that important that they be entirely clean today. After all, you’ll be seen with me, and by comparison you’ll be dressed like a perfect professional even if your boots are a bit dirty.”
He gave her a look that made it clear he would put up with no teasing from her about it. Sherlock observed the glare that passed from him to her and how it made her smile only widen all the more, and the detective wondered what he’d missed. Bea had known all along that John loved him, somehow. Some detective he’d turned out to be, in fact. It had taken her hardly any time to discover John Watson’s greatest secret, while it had taken Sherlock twenty bloody years.
John frowned down at the pair of them—unmarred leather gleaming in the morning light streaming through the windows, subtle and practical but clearly of the finest quality once one bothered to look closer and see it, much like John himself.
At Sherlock's predictably vague and witty, if delayed, response, Michael simply smiled, changed the focus of the strange meeting into a surprise reveal of the pair of concert tickets he’d procured for himself and John, and then they left, with Sherlock standing there wondering if he’d ever once in his life been clever if he hadn’t seen this coming in all those years.
Over the next several months, Sherlock had seen Michael Morstan twenty-nine times, had seen him touch John one hundred and twelve times, had seen him kiss him fifty-two times, and had listened to him compliment and glorify John's courage, his strength, and whatever else he could think to compliment and glorify eighty-four times. Part of having a mind as precise, and currently sober, as Sherlock Holmes’s was the curse of keeping count of everything.
So he stepped forward and closed the distance between them; reaching out with one hand, slowly so as not to startle his friend, he pressed his palm against the left side of the other man’s chest, and he could feel the pounding of that strong heart even though John was fighting to look as calm as he could on the outside. The other man’s exhausted eyes scrutinized Sherlock’s face as the detective watched his own fingertips toy with John’s collar for a moment, the familiarity of the gesture overwhelmingly comforting even though he couldn’t recall ever having done it before.
“I-I left it open,” he rasped when he awoke the next afternoon in 221B’s dust-covered sitting room to find Bea, Billy, Jessie, Spike, and John all five looking at him as though he were impossible, which he supposed was fair. “It was like I had…access to-to parts of myself I can’t find while in this life, parts that gave me power over the world similar to an ipsissimus. I…I left it open so I could try to get back.”
him, which made this experience infinitely precious; he’d made a proper disaster out of their relationship in the past, so he was happy to let John decide what steps he wished to take and when.
The other man turned to face him fully again, an expression of almost-offense written plainly on his hardened demeanor, for despite the way they’d grown and healed in the past year, they both knew that John Watson was a liar. He had lied, over and over again, during those ten years after the First Rip, and Sherlock had always known it but was too afraid to find out why. Now he wouldn’t be pacified any longer. John would tell him the truth when he asked, or this conversation would stop here, for both their sakes.
Sherlock did remember; of course he did. That had been one of their very first cases together, one of the first moments he’d ever felt real connection to anybody. John had been so very valuable on that case, serving as his helper and his confidant and his supporter and his bodyguard sometimes all at the same time. And the case itself had been his most gruesome at that point, with a murdered music professor whose eyes had been gouged out and throat slit by an angry governess, the image of which had evidently implanted itself onto Sherlock’s mind after the fact.
The mantle clock had just struck six, an hour before the children were due to bring fish and chips for their customary Friday dinner, when the doctor’s unmistakable heavy footstep creaked on the main staircase.
I didn't even tell Dad; you know how fond he was of Clara-
Letting a subdued groan go, John continued to move his hips on the wave of his pleasure, gradually losing momentum, until he fell completely spent in the arms of the man beneath him, a cheek pressed against Sherlock's collarbone.
-Thank you- John said before turning to Greg. -Now that we've convinced Sherlock, we can close the case, don't you think? - he asked him, once again in control of his emotions.
John raised an eyebrow, a wry smile on his lips.
When John finally approached the crime scene, he saw that they were on a side street, behind the "Ed's" restaurant a short distance from Shaftesbury Avenue, in a area busy both day and night: how had the killer not to be discovered?
The three men remained silent for the next ten minutes, Hamish and Greg almost voraciously attacking their own food, while Sherlock allowed himself a few bites of the chicken Masala and the vegetables placed on his plate, spending much of his time observing Lestrade, reading in his clothes, in the tension of his shoulders and in the dark circles under his eyes the problems that still haunt him.
No, impossible!
Perhaps he would have believed him if he had never seen him with Hamish, if he had not just seen the happy and proud smile that had been painted on his face to the little gesture of the child.
I wasn't overjoyed when I found out I was pregnant, but then I loved him every single day.
There was a noise of quick steps on the parquet floor and the next moment, Sherlock heard John's amused laugh (
-Okay, but why make a suicide pact? After all, they were two kids...- he commented, throwing a glance at the boy and immediately thinking about Daniel, wondering for the thousandth time if he was okay and safe.
After Sherlock's return, Harry had repeatedly offered to "improve" Sherlock's appearance with a pair of well-placed punches, only reassuring herself when she knew John had preceded her.
To be completely honest with himself, however, Greg did not miss it, especially now that in his life there was Mycroft: if before many times he had found himself wondering to himself when the life of the police inspector had become so full of intelligences and strangled by bureaucracy, now Greg couldn’t really complain because most of the time he find himself breaking the rules to help and cover Sherlock’s actions.
-He usually travels alone, but sometimes he shares some of his travels with companions and in recent years he has traveled with Amy and then with Rory-explained the little girl.
" and showing their closeness, their understanding was typical of most human beings.
"That there are those who have reinvented themselves in order not to forget me...- he murmured more to himself than to his mother.
The calmness and stillness that he always associated with silence during his childhood had lost all their reassuring character as soon as he set foot in Afghanistan; in that deserted land forgotten by God, total peace and immobility was inevitably followed by explosions, death and destruction, making you wary at the first hint of  apparent calm.
John had turned his back on him, ready to return to the shack when Sherlock cancelled the distance between them and clasped both hands around the man's forearms, forcing him to turn around.
The detective nodded.
-Bowties are cool! - Emma replied, chuckling at John.
John shook his head.
-It's not funny Sherlock!
-Mh... Ok- John simply answered, going back to the kitchen to retrieve the rest of his breakfast.
A slight pout arched downwards Sherlock’s lips, before following John's example and re-attached his slim belt to his waist, closing his dressing gown, moving toward the door of the apartment.
-I was sent to check that you two didn't kill each other. But apparently, we were wrong…
Once again, Emma's voice made its way through his thoughts, bringing his attention back to the little girl.
It was impossible...
You don't earn the nickname "Three Watson Continents" if you waste time talking!
-Son…- greeted him in return as he closed the front door.
It was then that Emma had entered into the dining-room running, followed a few steps behind by Lestrade.
At those words, John looked away from the door and placed his eyes on the detective, now standing next to the step leading to the red door.
When the man disappeared behind the bathroom door, Sherlock closed his eyes, defeated.
Again, John smiled, dropping his left hand on the nearest knee, tightening it slightly to reassure him.
"The school is closed for The Bank Holiday" the girl informed him, removing the backpack and placing it on her lap.
A voice too close to him prevented him from hearing John's whispered answer, and led him to take his eyes off the tea bag, languidly abandoned in the cup, and move it on the still little girl to his right who stared at him with a questioning look.
"Do you like my voice?"  John asked gently, stretching his free arm towards Hamish and stroking his black hair, discovering them soft and thick despite his young age.
Molly smiled.
Also I leave you the photo that ispired John look for the evening:
The gaze of all the officers seated at his desks followed him until he arrived at the closed office door, as so many times before, but this time it was evident that the object of their attention was Hamish, prompting in him an unexpected irritation that led him to put a hand on Hamish’s back in a protective gesture.
His friend would have been unreachable all day.
A perfect facade of respectability and luxury to hide your most forbidden desires... Just like your fiancé-added the man almost as an afterthought.
I just wanted to say  THANK YOU! to all the people who read my FF, left kudos, bookmarked it and wrote a comment.
-To be honest I would have expected this question from Mycroft-he confessed before returning serious.
"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to scare you" he apologized.
"Because his leg was hurt, and he needed help walking" Emma said promptly.
The detective snorted annoyed.
What happened in these three years that I don't know? -he incensed her.
-My teacher didn't tell me all these things when we talked about dinosaurs-
-Mr. Holmes.
Enjoying the silence that surrounded them, John listened to the rhythmic sound of Sherlock's heartbeat, finding it as reassuring and melodious as a melody; that beat was something exceptional, it was proof that despite the constant insinuations to the contrary, Sherlock Holmes had a big heart capable of loving.
Jack greeted Sally with a kiss on both cheeks and moved aside to let her in, and as soon as she had put her foot in the living room, the woman froze at the sight of Sherlock.
It would have been easier to do an open-heart surgery without all the surgical instruments.
"For the same reason that you looked me in the eye and lied to me: I did what I thought best for us" Sherlock replied in a calm, laid-back voice.
Once again, the silence descended on the road, broken only by the chatter that came from the shed not far away.
Wasn't that what he'd always wanted?
Waking up after what had been the "night that had changed his life the umpteenth time", John would have expected a classic Hollywood movie awakening: a shy sun peeking through the windows, the distant chirping of the birds announcing the beginning of a new chapter of his life, the warm and strong body of his lover still asleep next to him under the covers, an arm around his hips.
-Thai-the consultant answered back.
Let's face it, without you, this house was a dead house.
Sally smiled in disbelief.
The detective sank his gaze into his eyes and allowed himself one of his rare smiles.
"Why not?" Sherlock merely asked him, a twin frown on his face.
"Is there anything I can do for you?" he asked.
Because if your love was all I had
Maybe that was the right approach...
Sherlock frowned for the unexpected question and stared at the doctor with a still confused look.
- The first time I was sixteen, I was at university and most of the students who attended my courses thought I was someone to avoid because of my intelligence... except one.
-Mh-mh.
Greg held Sherlock's gaze for a few more moments before turning around and quickly heading for the elevator.
I didn't know him; I didn't even know his name! I knew he was good in bed and he was kind of untouchable, but only because of the gossips in the club.
They had worked for forty minutes, combining the little knowledge Sherlock had about the French Revolution, the notions of the book, and Emma's memories, managing to put together two pages of research.
After an inevitable visit to the museum shop, the trio found themselves outside again, not far from the line of visitors waiting to enter.
"There's something you need to see" Sarah said before turning around and heading down the corridor again.
His hands were sunk into his pockets and for an instant John wondered if they were wrapped in black leather gloves.
And it's not even for the baby, because Hamish is adorable, he's so sweet, and I'm sure you'd be over the moon, especially because his name is Hamish... Yes, I know, don't start…-
After all, he had done nothing wrong: he had helped a boy in trouble and was certain that Mycroft would understand and appreciate the motivations that had motivated him to make the choices he had made.
Okay, he had to consider the possibility that it were just words said in a moment of passion, considered John, again in front of the partially smeared mirror by steam, the toothbrush in one hand and the toothpaste in the other.
Greg shrugged his shoulders.
Damn they were a couple; they should have talked about it together before making such important decisions about their future!
Molly laid her gaze on the man and watched him peer over the child, cataloguing all the details and information in his Mind Palace as only Sherlock could do.
"Why did John break off all relations with Mycroft?" he decided to simply ask.
-Mr. Holmes, I see that you lost an assistant but gained a child...-comment the old man, his eyes now focused on Hamish.
Sherlock shrugged.
Lady Violet, this is my good friend Jack Micheals and his daughter Emma-
They absolutely had to have a talk about music and especially about the concept of "good music".
- he murmured inexplicably with bated breath.
Gently handling the case, Sherlock pulled out the instrument, perhaps the only object in the world that had his unconditional attention for years, and let his fingers touch the crate with cherished and ill-concealed love, before picking up the case top and control inside.
The pilot turned off the engines and behind him, in the tourist class separated from the first class by a simple blue curtain, he heard the applause of the other passengers, clearly happy to have arrived at their destination, safe and sound.
-I can't stop thinking about you and Irene.
-During an investigation my full attention will be dedicated to the work, everything else will be white noise for me...-he continued.
"Those hairs are really awful" said the oldest of the Holmes’ brothers.
-The possibility of getting caught red handed is part of the thrill.
In response came the melodious sound of the violin that, as so many times in the past, would have been his lullaby.
-I wouldn't have said anything otherwise.
"Mr. Watson was an honor to have you on board of our flight" he said  with  obvious admiration, reaching his hand out to him.
-I'm waiting for you at home. Try not to spend the whole night here - Greg said, leaving the office the next moment.
With his gaze still low, John nodded.
Sherlock tried to hide the fear that those words had caused him behind a mask of superiority.
"I know the Doctor's story all too well" she added.
"Actually I remember it perfectly, and I tell you again that it is the only solution to the problem" Sherlock readily replied.
"John is everything all right?" he heard.
Greg stared at him for a few moments, trying to figure out if Myc didn't really want him there or if it was a way to divert attention from his voluntary fast, before shrugging his shoulders.
John’s fingers pulled softly at Sherlock's sweaty black curls and in response to that gesture, Sherlock's long legs tightened around him, his heels against his buttocks, thus diminishing John's freedom of movement.
A new determination appeared in Mycroft's eyes and his body stiffened further, giving the inspector a glimpse of the true British officer in his duties.
Mycroft had rejected those thoughts, calling himself an idiot just for considering believing the word of a hustler boy.
As if there was a need for further confirmation of his theory, John stepped toward Sherlock a furious glare in his eyes.
"She will arrive on Friday evening" Jack said.
So, you don't have to worry about them anymore- answered the other man quiet.
Mr. Watson nodded as well.
"How can you not know the Sex Pistols?" asked Greg almost shocked.
He knew John... He would never be able to overcome that reverential fear that shook him every time he came face to face with Mycroft, let alone  succumb to violence!
Sherlock reflected for a few moments and then sighed.
Could you describe to me what you heard?
An ironic sound escaped the blonde’s slightly open lips: for once he was unwilling to satisfy the detective's every wish.
"This" he said, pointing to a particular point -It’s the head... This is an arm... Looks like he's stretching, look, he's got a leg up in mid-air. It doesn't have to be very comfortable in there-said John, making the girl laugh.
John arched an eyebrow.
The man returned to look at her, with an expressionless face.
His parents had always been passionate about music, especially opera and classical music, making an exception only for Frank Sinatra and Ella Fitzgerald, and after a quick glance at the records, John chose one he loved as a child and probably Hamish would like too.
A moment earlier he was certain that his relationship with Sherlock could not evolve beyond their well-established friendship, the next day his desires seemed to be one step away from being fulfilled and he met his future mother-in-law, only to see everything crumbling down again with Hamish's arrival and then when it seemed that they had finally come to a compromise, that a new beginning for their couple was possible, Sherlock had a jealous fit.
___________________________________
-I don’t want to be followed wherever I go! I already undertook this farce three years ago and I do not want to repeat the experience.
Just then the sound of footsteps on the stairs led the two men to look towards the door left open by Mycroft where, the next moment the figure of Greg Lestrade materialized.
-Hello Mrs. Hudson-he greeted her.
Lady Violet nodded, crossing her legs in an elegant and authoritarian gesture at the same time.
-You and I do all those things too! -Sherlock promptly replied meeting John’s gaze.
"I can understand it" the man replied, returning to lay his gaze on his brother, sitting back in the chair.
"What a nonsense!" muttered Sherlock, taking his hand away from the woman's hold standing up, starting to walk back and forth in the small kitchen.
There wasn't much to analyze, except the complete failure of a relationship that ended before it even started...
Like emptiness in harmony I need someone to comfort me
-Oh...-
John was already at the Pride? Or had he first stopped at the pub with Greg for a couple of pints?
"What was this Irene like?" she asked instead.
Sherlock remained silent, observing various emotions manifest on John's face, unable to find an answer to such a simple question: were they a couple?
-I thought... I don't know what I thought...-he commented.
Of course, he wouldn't have been happy, but at least he could have forgotten what had happened faster and moved on with his life.
Only thanks to Clara, the two brothers had reconnected and then lost again due the divorce and Harry’s alcoholism, but especially Sherlock that Harry saw as a leech who took advantage of John's goodness of soul.
On the thin line between sleep and wakefulness, John moved slowly into bed, decidedly softer and more comfortable than his own, becoming aware of himself and of the firm, warm body by his side.
The odds of his return to Baker Street right now were minimal and seemed to thin even further with every question and every word he and Sherlock exchanged.
-If you miss my explosive experiments, I can get to work even now- joked the other one with a slight smile on his lips.
After a short cab ride, that left them in Northumberland Street, the trio found themselves in front of the restaurant.
Sherlock spoke at length, recounting in detail everything that had happened from that day three years earlier at Barts, going through the injuries sustained during the Fall and the tricks taken to make everyone, John included, believe that Sherlock Holmes was indeed dead.
Greg had stroked the knuckles of the man's right hand with his own thumb, pervaded by an instinctive need to hold Mycroft close and make him feel his love, make him understand how things were different now, how much he was loved and indispensable.
Sherlock text came just as his father entered the kitchen, giving him a nod.
How many times had he heard him say those words?
An incredulous expression was painted on Sherlock's face: could It be that Mycroft was insinuating what he thought he understood?
Baby Girl lifted the sweater that covered her belly and John applied the contrast gel before taking the wand and moving it over her belly.
But when you jumped off that roof... Damn Sherlock did you stop for a moment to think about what your suicide would mean for John? -Greg asked, letting his irritation shine through for the first time.
Once again, he called himself an idiot for his inability to completely detach from the detective and refocused on the conversation.
-I studied them during my childhood... I was close to finding out the motives of their disappearance-answered the man moving slowly towards the living room.
Baker Street 221 was shrouded in silence and the darkness of the night and for a brief moment the two men stood in front of each other not knowing how to end that long and strange day, until John unexpectedly made his way to Sherlock's room to return a few moments later, the fingers of the left hand tightened around the handle of the leather case of the violin.
I've always wanted a brother or sister, but Mum always says I'm unique and very special- she replied with a smile.
-I do.
No one had ever had so much confidence in him... Not even his mother.
Also, it's a date so you have to choose a restaurant where no one owes you a favor and then you'll have to pay the bill- Greg added.
-Us? Since when do you care?
-Oh God, I can't believe we're really thinking about…-
Without realizing it, he found himself with his back against the kitchen counter, his arms crossed at chest height and his gaze fixed on Sherlock's, still clearly incredulous with what was going on.
John remained silent for a few seconds before stroking his beard, which covered his jaw.
- Sounds like a good idea. I'll pay you ten pounds like when you were a little boy-added the old man.
-I've heard it too many times from your brother… - Greg interrupted it before taking another bite.
He was surprised that John was aware of his relationship with Mycroft and wanted to ask him so many questions, but it was clear that this was not the right time.
Returning still under the covers, his back against the mattress and his eyes closed, John took a moment to reflect on what had happened the night before and as soon as the memories returned to crowd his sleepy mind like vigilant dreams, the doctor smiled.
"I'm bored" the little girl replied.
At the sound of the estranged voice, the two men shifted their gaze to the right where Mr. Watson was watching the scene, moving his gaze on Sherlock and on his own son.
He was about to give up and leave with his tail between his legs when suddenly a shadow moved from the edge of the restricted area and came forward.
"Then I'm taking it with me, I'm going to read it in the car" he said, turning to Anthea waiting to receive the vanilla folder.
John allowed himself a slight laugh before putting a hand on Boss's right arm.
He could have slept with any other woman and I would have forgiven him, why did he choose her?
-Stop being a jerk!- Greg said, berating Daniel.
Greg took a deep breath and let the silence fall for a few moments before taking his look back at his friend and talking again.
But I always thought he was really cute.
-And who is to blame, Sherlock?
"It was fine… More than fine" the doctor replied before kissing him again.
Sally nodded in turn and the next moment she turned her back on him to take off her jacket.
"Good morning" he said, hinting at a bigger smile "Are you hungry?" he asked Sherlock at a very small distance from Sherlock's face.
A different humanity comes out as soon as it gets dark, and you feel like you're in a completely different city without even coming out of the neighborhood - John commented, turning his head slightly towards Sherlock, aware that he was also giving voice to his thoughts.
Sherlock met Greg's gaze again and stared at him for a few moments before taking a deep breath: there was a reason they never faced that part of their lives, even when he and Mycroft were alone.
Sherlock merely shrugged his shoulders.
So, dear brother, I'm not going anywhere; this is the first and last time I want to hear about such an idiocy!
-I have no interest in having sex with you-Mycroft repeated for the second time.
-I honestly don't know if I'd behave the same way if I were in your place- Sherlock answered.
She works in my law firm, and she's a lawyer, too.
Sherlock snorted, clearly annoyed, but made no objections, aware that he would not achieve anything.
-Ah! I didn't know you were a comedian as a second job...-he commented good-naturedly.
John only needed that word to understand that Sherlock hadn't believed him.
Greg stared at him for a few moments, his forehead wrinkled in confusion.
Fifteen minutes later, his guest entered the bar, glanced at him, and approached the counter to make his own order.
John’s blue eyes were staring at him, devoid of the anger and frustration he would have expected in a similar situation, but laden with a feeling that increasingly animated the doctor's gaze in recent weeks.
-You can take the weeks until the birth to reflect and decide what to do.
John chuckled, thinking on his friend's words.
It had been easy to piece together the pieces of the puzzle: he was aware of Greg's bisexuality by the end of his marriage, thanks  to one of their alcoholic evenings, then there had been The Fall and months of total darkness in which he had failed to even remember his name,  much  less the world around him.
Once in the kitchen John placed his bag on the table, then approached Daniel with a friendly smile on his lips, observing with a medical eye his half-closed right eye, his split lower lip, the scratches on his knuckles, quickly considering which words to use to make the boy let him examine his chest and abdomen without considering him a threat.
"What if he hates me?” he asked her, avoiding her gaze.
-Continue-
“Certain gestures become a habit when you have a relationship with a man who's busy 24/7 like mine... Sometimes it's the only way to say "good morning" or "good night" Greg said.
Mycroft frowned imperceptibly his forehead, clearly caught by surprise.
"I was with him, but John wasn't with me" he said, leading Sherlock to stare intently at him.
"Will you work together again?"
-I've always knew you have a way with words...- John said before swallowing visibly. -I promise you we'll have sex, soon...-
Why did they totally skip that stage?
___________________________
Unable to move his gaze from his partner's face, John stood up and walked towards him, until he just needed to put his hand on the back of Sherlock’ neck to bring his face down to his and kiss him.
-Not just intellectual- said John, before rubbing his face with both hands- I don't want to talk about this... Not with you-added, the voice slightly distorted by the covered face.
"Mommy will be happy to know that at least one of us has carried on the family's name" the British official said.
"Both of them" he said.
"The only explosion that caused significant damage to the apartment and the street was not caused by my experiment" said Sherlock.
-What guy? -
-Well... Let's just say I'm still working on it...-Sherlock simply just said staring at John firmly.
-I'm going to put on the kettle. I also have cupcakes, and I expect you to eat some Sherlock, without making any fuss!
"Has it happened only once?"  he asked.
Sherlock nodded.
Silently for me"
And not even tomorrow- Mycroft said cryptic.
-Apparently not-answered John this time.
"Then how do you go on without going crazy?" asked John in a raspy voice for long hours of silence.
Do you want to woo him? That's a good idea! Take him to a good restaurant, not too expensive, have a good conversation, try to eat part of your dinner, and above all avoid the huge elephant that is among you right now, otherwise you will end up ruining everything.
The press conference had finally ended and fortunately Sherlock had maintained a decent attitude despite some spiteful questions from the journalists.
Only one other person had been so happy to see him, his mother excluded.
After a moment of hesitation Mycroft hurried to follow him down the corridor, unable to accept that a misjudgment could end their relationship.
Why would that be a problem? It's not the first time she' slept here- commented John.
Three years ago, I lost someone... A very important person to me.
Why did he keep rejecting that idea so categorically?
Still, John wasn't an “easy” person... Of course he had had a fair number of affairs, he said so himself, but he had always been a gentleman and Sherlock thought it crazy to get away from John for such nonsense.
He closed his eyes and for the first time since the Baker Street door was closed behind him, John allowed his brain to reflect on what had happened that morning: Sherlock had a son.
-YOU WERE DEAD, YOU STUPID FUCK! I wasn't cheating on you" he roared back.
John approached him, stopping close enough to invade his personal space, and looked him in the eyes for a few moments.
He absolutely had to do something.
"I knew right away that you weren't like the others, even before I noticed the holster" Daniel confessed.
The detective wore, as usual,  a high tailored suit over a purple shirt, John's favorite shirt, curly hair arranged with the many expensive products that crowded the top shelf of their bathroom cabinet, and two rainbow stripes on Sherlock's cheeks.
Greg shook his head.
Hello everyone! I changed the tags of this Fan Fictions, so before you read this chapter read CAREFULLY all the tags and if some of it troubles you, skip this chapter and I'll see you next week! ^_^
Was he really so dissatisfied that he had to resort to such low-infused methods?
Sherlock nodded and quickly sought a new topic of conversation, but Emma preceded him.
-What do you want Sherlock? - he asked him, tickling his neck with warm breath.
Jack put his hand on John’s nearest knee, trying to calm him down, throwing an affectionate smile at him.
-They saw with their own eyes how hard it was for you to overcome my... my disappearance and being, as you rightly said, close to you, now they see me as the villain of the story-said Sherlock, trying to drive out from his mind the memory of the last time he had heard that phrase and especially by whom.
When they returned to Baker Street that evening, it had taken ten minutes to climb the seventeen steps that would lead them to their apartment: the kisses that had begun in the entrance hall, while impatient hands stripped the other of the superfluous layers of clothing, had continued on the stairs.
Greg stared at him and shrugged his shoulders.
"Where is Hamish?" he asked, noticing the baby’s absence.
-The movie was interesting. But I think you would have found it boring- John commented, moving slightly so as to lay his head on Sherlock’s left shoulder so he could meet Sherlock's gaze.
"Where are you taking me Mycroft?" he asked uninterested.
"You specifically requested a trusted person" the British official pointed out.
John nodded, satisfied with the information.
The detective sighed, beginning to feel frustrated.
“Did you try calling a babysitter?" - asked then turning to look at Jack.
"I couldn't have chosen a more suitable name" he said.
-Too bad. So where do you want me?- he asked the inspector.
It was obvious, however, that he was not comfortable, that he was not completely relaxed and even Anderson would understand that the nervousness was due to the presence of the detective in what John considered his "
"It wasn't about you" John said.
They found themselves in the small kitchen and Sherlock sat down to one of the faux-wood chairs around the table, while Mrs. Hudson started to fill the kettle with water.
The doctor at the hospital said it was at least five days that John had not bothered to drink or eat-she said in the same tone of voice as the man.
The man, going down the stairs, saw the tunnel that would take the rest of the passengers to passport control and then to the baggage claim, waiting for that "illustrated" passenger to get off the plane.
"Call John and give him the address of the crime scene" he said to Donovan.
-Do you already have someone in mind who can take care of him? -
-Mom says I'm too young to drink tea- Emma informed him.
-It doesn't matter.
-Okay… As you know I only went back to Baker Street a few days ago- he started, getting in response a nod- What you don't know is that before I came back, we had one of our typical fights where we yell at each other.
The next moment Anthea appeared on the threshold, a file neatly placed under her arm.
Greg frowned, thinking for a moment about the state in which the body had been found that morning.
John shook his head, stepping into the kitchen without getting too close to Sherlock.
"What made you stop?" John asked after clearing his throat once they were alone again.
He rubbed his eyes while lying in bed for a few moments, trying to recognize the music, but he had to admit with himself that pop music was not within his areas of interest.
John met his eyes again and returned to bring his lips back to his right ear.
-What are you talking about Sherlock? -
Starting with a dinner party: he had to show up at his best if he wanted to fight the enemy.
-Ah, Angelo!
Jack smiled, clearly satisfied, before shrugging his shoulders.
-You know I can hear you as if you were next to me “
-That’s why he doesn't want to have kids! He thinks we’re too old and he's scared of the idea that if we had a baby, he could die when it’s still a kid- Greg said staring at Sherlock.
It's too painful for John to even say your name, so he stopped saying it out loud, but that doesn't mean he forgot you – said Mrs. Hudson trying to make him understand John’s behavior.
Songs:
Come out of your hole and be a mother! Hamish needs a family- John said to her slightly exasperated.
And it's true, when Tom took the poison, she didn't have the courage to do the same, but not because she was scared or had second thoughts, but because she wanted to make sure he had someone next to him until he was gone- John paused for a moment and swallowed visibly, then searching again for Sherlock’s look.
Greg frowned, turning his gaze now on John now on the detective, noticing the battle-hardened expression of the black-haired man and the doctor's furious look, wondering what might have happened in the few minutes he had left them alone to provoke those reactions.
Greg let the water slide over his strained shoulders and tried to relax.
The next moment he was in front of Sherlock on the bed stripping him of his pajamas pants and boxers, then he straddled Sherlock’s hips to take time to give attention to one of John’s most preferred parts of Sherlock's body: his neck.
How was it possible for such a brilliant and exceptional man to fall apart after only a night spent separated?
Jack remained silent, considering how to start the talk and what words to use: it was clear that the detective wanted as much information as possible, but at the same time Jack felt a duty to protect John's privacy.
Sherlock turned to his right and found himself confronted by a man he did not know, but who was actually really familiar: he must have been in his sixties, gray hair whose tips caressed the base of his neck, green eyes with small flacks of brown, a broad nose and thin mouth.
"Thus with a kiss I die...-he said to himself, attracting the attention of those present in the room and interrupting the conversation.
When John opened his eyes again, meeting his gaze, a satisfied smile come to his lips promptly, leading Sherlock to focus on his dessert to avoid awkward moments.
__________________________
I told him that I wanted to be a doctor, but that I would probably spend the rest of my life in my father's restaurant because of the college costs and he showed me this pamphlet... I still remember it like it was yesterday.
Besides, Sally and I haven't had a chance to talk lately, so what better chance than this?- John pointed it out.
-Do you know what you're going to eat? - he asked her.
This pain that now seems to consume everything will fade with time, but it will never disappear completely.
"Thank you" he said, with that typically English manners that sometimes infuriated Sherlock.
-All right.
"It's a pretty deep cut" he said, quickly looking up to meet Daniel's gaze. – Who did this to you?-John asked concerned.
A mischievous smile appeared on Sherlock’s lips, making him realize that his thoughts were clear on his face even in that situation.
The detective swallowed several times trying to get rid of the knot that had tightened his throat.
Even those words hadn't surprised him that much.
Hamish was officially part of the family.
"It was a short conversation, barely two minutes" he explained.
Sherlock pulled his face away from John's and looked around, identifying the cause of annoyance in John's cell phone.
Greg snickered.
-I gave you my word that Sherlock would not know about it, and so it is- he simply said.
"Were you afraid I'd run away?" he asked to the man sitting inside.
-You two ask the same questions, you know? -
Love, Eva
The feeling of finally being in the right place, at the right time with the one person with whom he could have indulged in that intimacy without fear of being mocked, of being hurt or betrayed.
"Yes they may have been prominent Sherlock, but this is hardly a costume for a child... Is that supposed to be the blood of the dead prostitutes?"
Once Mycroft had left, John sorted out the baby's bottle, making sure to thoroughly clean the bottle, (who knows what Sherlock may have used it for!) he also set about making a cup of tea for himself and Sherlock. Finally, he sat down in his chair and passed across Sherlock the tea, which he started sipping slowly.
"And that."
Everything.
"Molly?"
"Oh so you're just-"
10th February:
"What. He likes suits."
“Boyfri- Now hang on-”
Not a very nice one?
Mycroft placed the piece of paper on the table in front of John.
"Stultiloquence... Idiocy, foolishness, nonsense." Sherlock ranted, turning the pages of the book furiously with distain.
"Yes okay then. Yes." Molly confirmed, making up her mind.
"I- I haven't ever seen him play, no. I would- It would be-"
"I didn't- didn't mean t-"
"Okay... So you have a child. How? Where did it come from?"
John got up, walked towards the front door and swung it open, to find two unfamiliar people around his age standing just outside, and not the teachers that he had been fearing. One was right in front of the door with a eager and smiling look on his face, and the other boy was sort of cowering behind him, looking extremely embarrassed by his friend. The one at the forefront was a fairly tall boy with dark hair, styled into a sort of small quiff at the front. He wore a black coat with small leather detailing and dark blue jeans along with scuffed up blue trainers. He began to chirpily make conversation with John.
"Yes we can. It will be fine."
Pinch punch first day of the month and no returns!! ;)
You doing anything special for Valentines day???? ;)
I've never been with anyone.
"I never wore that as a baby."
What does that have to do with it??
"He- What you doing?"
"A friend?... Who?"
"Have they been being awkward? Mum's been being over enthusiastic about everything, hasn't she." She stated.
I do not have a knighthood, although my brother has threatened me with one on several occasions.
Once they felt they had enough to sufficiently convince John's parents of his whereabouts for the last month, they headed back to the flat. Felix had been with them in his pram for the duration of the photo-shoot, and despite loving and clapping in amusement at seeing John and Sherlock messing about at first, was getting rather tired and kept yawning as they made their way back on the tube.
“Tea?-”
"Yes... It tastes different."
“No! You aren’t getting out of it. Come on John think about it! It’ll be fun, yeah?”
“He’s not-”
John felt good to be out of London and the London air which was always filled with car fumes and the sounds of people everywhere, and although he did love London it was always a nice change to have the stillness of the countryside surrounding them instead.
"Okay good, thanks." John said reaching over to rescue the child from Sherlock who was holding him in a strange position and looked as if he was about to drop him.
"He's not- not-  only an experiment!"
"No... It's not quite like that... As I said, well this friend and I have-"
"A... A girl? Why? What girl?" Sherlock rapidly questioned his eyes strangely wide.
“Yeah, I mean, that’s kinda my opinion too.” John murmured back, although he wasn’t convinced, he had definitely seen that flash of hurt on his friend’s face, he knew he had, no matter how much Sherlock was now trying to cover it.
Happy Valentines day!!!! :D
"What? No Johnny you must stay the night!"
They continued to talk together, until a worried look came over the man’s face. The look changed to sheer panic and then determination. John, concerned looked to where the man was looking, and spotted a small figure darting between some trees a little way off. The man whipped out of his pocket a badge, which he showed to John.
"You wouldn't!"
Two hours later and they were standing in front of the huge sandy coloured building which was WaterLand. Harry, as it turned out was incredibly persuasive and had manage to convince the pair of them into the car with Felix, by threatening to post embarrassing childhood pictures and videos all over John’s Facebook of him. A measure she assured him was her final resort, and he finally caved.
“They actuall-”
naw pleasseee! :D
To the right as you entered, there were a couple of chests of drawers, both looking old and intricate like the rest, and then straight ahead was a worn looking sofa with a small coffee table and a floor lamp. The bathroom was just off to the left from where you enter the room from, and contained a silver coloured shower and porcelain sink and toilet with shining taps and a bluish colour scheme on all the walls. All around the dorm, there were framed pictures of landscapes, just hanging on the walls for no reason whatsoever. They had to sign an agreement with the use of the dorm, that said they may decorate as they wished, so long as the dorm was given back at the end of the two years exactly how it was at the start. John put down his bag and looked around him at their new home. He grinned, and looked over to Sherlock who was holding Felix and turning up his nose.
-Are you okay? -
The inspector sighed and glanced at John who shrugged his shoulders.
But I'm not below
Relationships are already difficult when you are in the same city, sometimes in the same house, without unnecessary distances...-said John, rational as always-Wouldn't it be more logical to live this experience as a beautiful adventure but without expecting too much from the future? -
"What would you do if it had been Sherlock?" Greg asked, taking him by surprise.
They had survived murderous taxi drivers, ordinary criminals and professional psychopaths who had the sole purpose of separating them or hurting them... Yet,  they had let small, easily solvable problems like those that had plagued them so far intrude on their relationship, seriously risking separating them.
Perhaps thanks to beginner's luck or superior intellect, Sherlock had no problem performing that task, receiving a satisfied smile as a reward.
A definitive break-up, just as he would have suggested if the matter had not concerned him personally.
-We don't pretend. John is my best friend-beat back Sherlock at the insinuation., staring at him with flaming eyes.
"Really? “asked John surprised at the same time, casting a glance at the detective.
-Greg... I need you to do me a favor - the man finally said.
In those few moments, Sherlock understood the real reason why sex and feelings had never seemed interesting to him; in all those years, a fundamental component had always been lacking.
"John, we absolutely have to create a colony of penguins in our apartment" Sherlock told him after spending ten minutes staring at them in their tub.
To that statement, an expression and shock so genuine arose on John's face, causing the thunderous laugh of the detective and leading their table neighbors to cast curious glances at the couple.
-Now let me tell you a couple of things.
During the hours when he found himself alone with his thoughts, without Hamish to take care of or without John to observe, Sherlock thought carefully about his current situation with John.
-I had to make sure there was no one who could attempt to John's life before I could return.
John nodded slowly, confused.
"I wish I could say the same, but I don't usually make hasty judgments" the black-haired man said in a low, deep voice.
-Nonsense.
John let out a slight smile and watched him in silence for a few minutes before speaking again.
-While you were around the world dismantling Moriarty's web, people got on with their lives...-
A few minutes later, with a frustrated sigh, the detective sat down and returned to lie down again, this time with his head resting on John's legs, where moments before were his feet.
Sincerely reassured by that decision, John took one last look in the mirror before heading to the bathroom door and turning the handle.
Isn't that adorable? It's perfect for when the baby arrives...-.
-My first ever memory is my mom singing me a song – John said, keeping his eyes on Baby Girl's little hand.
His sweaters were a perfect disguise, an urban camouflage to confuse the idiots who met him on the street and did not recognize his strength, his military background under the layers of wool and vicuna.
You promise me you're going to take your pills? Or do I have to hand the bottle over to Boss and let him give it to you every day? - John asked her again.
Jack stared at him a few seconds before leaning closer to his friend's face and lightly touching his lips with his own, in a gesture of friendship that they had exchanged many times in the past and that seemed to calm John every time.
If you don't mind getting out of the way now, I'm sure you'll find a cake or a nuclear crisis waiting for you - Sherlock dismissed him with a pulled smile.
Irene nodded.
Just say a word and you won't see me again-Sherlock added earnest.
They were supposed to leave yesterday, but the last meeting was adjourned to tomorrow for some reason top-secret for us ordinary people... - complained Jack.
As always, when it came to Sherlock Holmes, he had to think again... And now once again he was lost.
"To be honest, it doesn't surprise me at all" mumbled John, closing the door behind him, sure that the other man had heard his comment anyway.
Sherlock looked up at the two adults sitting on the couch and realized that their exchange had also been followed in the living room when he saw the amused smile on John's face.
A man is never too demanding when he cares about the safety of his loved one.
What the hell was going through John’s head? How  could he let himself go like that only because of his death?
-I already sent a message to Mycroft to warn him of the change of plans- informed the woman.
-I'm sorry, sir, but that table isn't available.
John turned completely to the left and was face-to-face with Sherlock Holmes.
It wasn't every day that you get a "thank you" from Sherlock Holmes...
"Most importantly don’t try to take advantage of John too much" Mary interrupted her daughter.
-See you soon John- greeted the woman, followed by her assistant on the seventeen steps that would lead her into the street.
With a frustrated sigh, Mycroft stood up and stared at him for a few more moments, before heading to the door.
His gray eyes met John's green ones, and the next moment reality seemed to move at triple speed.
"Shouldn't we take care of the tea?"  asked Sherlock in a broken voice.
"It's a church" he said.
-Sherlock came here, we had an argument and I told him to leave.
But if you really want to do something nice for me, how about giving me that information? -Greg tried.
What made it all disappointing was the fact that no matter how hard I tried, or what tricks I used to get his attention, Sherlock never gave me his full interest, he was never there with me.
John quickly finished his breakfast and, after taking his jacket from the hanger next to the door, went out into the street.
But now there was Mycroft... And the thought of building a family together wasn't as terrible as the eldest of the Holmes brothers had made it look like.
I need you to leave. Now- he stopped the detective in an abrupt tone.
Sherlock pressed his lips on each other, trying to curb the question that threatened to leave, but failed to do so.
-Sh... Don't say anything, I need to stay like this with you for a few minutes- John replied.
The two brothers stared for a few moments, gazing into each other's faces to read as much information as possible: in that very short period of time, Sherlock was able to find out that Lestrade had not returned home the previous evening, preferring to stay at the police station, that the problem visible on the inspector's face was absent on his brother's face, giving him reason to believe that, although he was aware that there was something strange, he had not yet managed to understand what it was; that the news of Hamish had caught him by surprise too, but at the same time, Mycroft was curious to make the acquaintance of the new member of the Holmes family.
In the crowd, Sherlock swiftly recognized the annoying fly, but was surprised to find Lestrade, Molly, Sarah, Sally, and even Mrs. Hudson in the front rows, sitting next to Harriet and Mr. Watson.
"Sometimes you're too gullible with her" Mary said before laying a kiss on the man's cheek.
John himself had no idea what would happen once Hamish returned to Baker Street.
-I just wanted to inform you that tomorrow we would have a guest and make sure that this was not a problem for you-
So, he and Mycroft had found themselves alone with Emma, busy reading one of the Harry Potter books, chatting serenely, until the little girl had raised her eyes from the volume and set them on Mycroft.
-Gregory please...-
A small cocoon of love and serenity that had been severely affected by Harriet's coming out: Elisabeth, their mother, had spent months wondering what she had done wrong to provoke a change so radical in her only daughter, but slowly and mostly thanks to Clara's help, the wonderful Clara, had managed to come to terms with the novelty and above all to accept her and her daughter.
At that moment, almost sensing his presence the child stopped crying and two ice-blue eyes stared at him, drawing his attention.
-You're so obtuse sometimes!
For a few moments the two remained silent, their gaze fixed on the television, but no longer following the film.
With a single elegant move, Sherlock stood, turning his back to John, as if he wanted to hide from the man.
Pulling away once more with short breath from their kiss, John lowered his head, moving on Sherlock to focus his attention on Sherlock's long neck; that small movement brought his hips closer to Sherlock’s, their erections still contained by their pajamas sliding together.
was John Watson and his horrendous sweaters, the smell of disinfectant and gunpowder.
There was something familiar about that handwriting that gave him goosebumps.
"I don't understand why it's so easy for you to blame me for what's going on.""
The t-shirt, a dark blue that made the child's eyes pop out, was similar to Hope's one, same design but the words were written in red and said "
Was it possible that John Watson knew some hidden tricks to ignite Sherlock Holmes' passion? Some tricks that even Irene didn’t know about it?
Of course, she still wanted me dead because of Moriarty but that didn't stop our friendship from developing- explained Sherlock, trying to use simple terms.
Perhaps because, just like Mycroft, he realized that time was passing faster than he had imagined a few years ago, because he was at the threshold of forty-five years and in his life, there was no special goal that would pass on his memory even after his death.
Greg stared for an instant at his partner’s gaze, grouping ideas quickly, taking a deep breath.
I also think it would be a positive experience for Hamish to have a sister-concluded Sherlock standing up and cancelling the distance between them with three steps.
What did he want to hear? Did he want a passionate declaration of love in public in front of journalists, or to hear Sherlock demean his and John feelings, as usual?
The only photos that were around the room were, of course, those of Jack and Emma, excluding a couple where John and Mary were portrayed.
Sherlock shrugged.
"Thank you" said John for the second time that day, sincerely happy for the presence of the man next to him and in his life.
-Do you have anything?- he asked Sherlock breathless.
John nodded.
-Are you sure it's not a problem for you? - he heard the woman ask.
-You're the expert-answered Sherlock.
Gregory nodded, looking away from him.
They were both on the bed, Tom as you see him, but she almost fall out of the bed facing the floor-reported Greg.
-I can take care of myself. Boss will help me-rebutted Baby Girl stubbornly.
A sympathetic smile appeared on the man's face instantly, and John realized he didn’t need to say anything, that words were not necessary.
Putting Sherlock’s legs higher in his hips, John changed the angle of penetration just enough that the tip of his cock brushed against Sherlock's prostate with every thrust, causing the man to moan in pleasure, moving his body in accordance with John's thrusts.
-I’m home, Mrs. Hudson- he told her.
With a superhuman effort Sherlock stopped a few steps away and stared at him with burning eyes, pointing an accusing finger at him.
"Well, it's not the first time you've been wrong, and I'm sure it won't be the last, and since there's nothing I can say or do to change my situation at the moment, we can try to fix your relationship" the detective said, setting up a placid Hamish against his right shoulder.
-So, this Doctor can go anywhere in Time and Space in a police phone box? -asked in a voice slightly veiled with boredom.
John drifts off to sleep, twenty five minutes later, tucked into Sherlock’s side with one warm hand lying heavy on Sherlock’s bare, bruised chest. Sherlock lies awake, breathing in the scent of sweat and sex and thinking about the three words that had briefly derailed his brain.
“Fine.”
Indeed, so powerful did my curiosity become that I had to take great pains not to let him notice my growing fascination with his habits. I took to watching him subtly when I was seemingly engaged in reading, often glancing at him briefly over the newspaper as I sat in the armchair that lay across from his by the fireside. My shortcomings seemed to have escaped his notice, to my relief, and I found that I was sleeping better and drinking less than when I had lived at the hotel. Yet, to my shame, I could not rid myself of the habit of a few drams before bed, nor of the dreadful haunting nightmares. My injury, although mended, had left me stiff and lopsided, and I found that I was often in pain as the long winter nights started to draw in and the cold left me aching and slow. After catching a bad cold one afternoon while walking in the park to give Holmes time alone with one of his clients, I began to fear that my fever might return. The thought of lying raving and insensible at Baker Street, as I had at the hospital in Peshawar, unaware of the passage of time or the doctors and nurses who tended to me, filled me with horror. Though I knew that to Holmes I was nothing more than a companion with whom to share a nice suite of rooms, I could not have borne for him to see me in such a weakened and pitiable state. Happily, the scare passed, but I took pains not to venture out so much into the cold, spending more and more of my time in our lodgings by the fire.
“What do you mean?” I cried. “Surely the case is over.”
“I am here. I will not leave you,” the gentle voice said.
“The ear!” he exclaimed, waving his fork in excitement.
I felt his chest rise and fall beneath my head as he sighed.
“I should pay good money if he could prove that he had not invented the whole thing,” I reiterated.
“While I am sure he is an exceptionally talented man, the thought did not once cross my mind,” I said honestly. “And I cannot imagine that, even were he not engaged to a most exceptional woman, he would wish to waste his skills on an injured, retired army doctor.”
He cupped one large hand around the nape of my neck and shook me once, very gently, with uncharacteristic tenderness.
“What?”
“But there is no one here who could have pushed him,” I objected. “I feel sure that I was simply mistaken in what I saw.”
I drew close and leaned across him to help myself to a cigarette from his case and as I did so he ran a finger down my neck and into the folds of my cravat.
They fall silent and Sherlock thinks John might be falling asleep on top of him.
John’s voice is very calm and very quiet. He doesn’t move.
I turned away in despair, awaiting the biting response that I knew my words would elicit. Fixing my eyes on the embers of the fire, I willed myself to stillness. The silence seemed to last a very long time. Trying desperately not to think, my eyes hazy, I turned away from the fire when I could bear it no longer, bowing my head and gazed at my lap, at the rumpled shirt and creased trousers that had so nearly become my shroud. I half hoped that when I looked up, Holmes would have quit the room. When I felt his hand rest gently on my upper arm, I flinched. I knew that my cheeks were flushed, my eyes damp and my agony written on my face, but what more had I to hide?
He broke off suddenly, his voice strangled and strange. Glancing over in puzzlement, I saw that he had turned away from me and that we were already on Baker Street, almost at our door. We drew up and Holmes handed me down from the cab as distantly as a hotel doorman, watching to check that I could walk unaided before he preceded me up the stairs.
“Do you want to be free of me?” I whispered, my heart pounding.
“We will argue the point later,” he said softly. “A hot bath awaits me at Baker Street and I believe it takes precedence over food and sleep and even opium.”
By the time the evening of the second day came, I was unable to focus on anything for more than a minute or two, worries about what could have become of my friend intruding into my every thought. I was drinking steadily to try to stem the flow of images – Holmes dead in the river Thames, his throat slit by one of the many criminals he had crossed over the years, Holmes kidnapped by a desperate client who would not let him free until his problem was solved, Holmes in bed with a tall, muscular young policeman – that were assaulting my mind. The last, I knew, was unfounded and unworthy, but we had never spoken of fidelity or acknowledged the unorthodox nature of our relationship aloud, and the lingering jealousy I had felt towards the lady and her impressive mental prowess had perhaps left me sensitive in certain regards.
“Do you have more enquiries to make in London, my dear fellow?” I eventually said, attempting a casual tone.
“You were as brilliant as ever, my dear fellow,” I said, smiling down at him. Heady with his proximity and the promise of a truce between us, I sank down onto the rug at his feet, insinuating myself between his legs and leaning my back against the front of his chair so that his long limbs framed my shoulders. I sighed when he began to run his fingers through my hair.
“Oh that. I was scared. And drunk. And drugged!”
The third time is easy to engineer. The perfect case falls into Sherlock’s lap like a strange gift. The young woman who brings it to him, Helen Stoner, is an academic, he can tell by her coat cuffs and her shoes. She’s evidently terrified but she’s also clear and concise and interesting – a woman used to lecturing, her intrinsic confidence undermined by some trauma. Connected to the case, it has to be. He watches the way she tugs at the long sleeves of her silk blouse as she tells them about her suspicions involving her step-father, a plastic surgeon who has had the care of both his step-daughters since their teenage years. Despite her age and their evident animosity, she still lives with her step-father in the family home. Strange. Old-fashioned. There’s plenty there she’s not saying, evidently. She talks of his violence and how he is hated by everyone in the village, his trips abroad in his younger days to India and China and his fascination with tropical snakes, which he keeps in large vivaria set all around his bedroom. She is clearly terrified of the man. Not just her words but every flicker of her eyelid and nervous flutter of her hands confirms it.
“I do not believe that I expressed any such sentiment,” he rejoined. “As to my conceit, I have never subscribed to the view that modesty is a virtue. To a logical mind, the tendency to understate one's talents is as much a departure from the truth as to exaggerate them. I have spent many years cultivating my skills in certain areas. I solve crimes because I enjoy it and because I am very, very good at it. The same can be said of my penchant for buggery.”
“Thank you, Dr Watson,” he said. “You may tell Mr Holmes the whole story, if you wish. If you say that I may trust him that is enough.”
I did not know if it was the war or Holmes himself that had changed me, but, to my shame, I found that I was aroused by his capacity for violence. Though he used it sparingly and always as last resort, Holmes never flinched in the face of the most desperate and depraved men, finding ruthless and uniformly effective ways to render them harmless. I had always been drawn to women in whom I sensed gentleness, attracted by their generosity, their empathy and their instinct to care for those around them. The men with whom I had had affairs, too, had tended to be open and vulnerable and fundamentally kind. Several of them - like Henry - were fellow medical men, who had followed a calling to heal rather than to harm. Yet my attraction to Holmes was only stoked by his willingness to take another man apart with his fists in the pursuit of justice. I would have paid a small fortune – had I had one – to watch him boxing or fencing, two pastimes I knew he excelled at but had never had the opportunity to witness.
“I wired him this morning to inform him that a break-in had been attempted in the night. I sent it soon before I wrote to you. His response arrived not half an hour before you did. I assumed it meant that I should not expect you or he would have charged you to deliver the message in person.”
The fourth time John doesn’t say it. He doesn’t say much of anything. He’s too busy trying to staunch Sherlock’s blood with his jacket.
Only then did I notice that he wasn't.
“That can be arranged,” said Holmes. “My client left with me a certain sum, should such an eventuality arise.”
Sherlock stands and reaches for his shirt. Nothing the dry cleaner will be able to do. Those stains aren’t going to come out. Sighing, he drops the ruined silk into the bathroom bin.
Some time passed in silence. Unable to countenance leaving Holmes alone but too furious to sit down in my usual chair, as though this were any normal night, I remained standing by his desk. I had been so stupid. That I, a trained – if retired – doctor, had not noticed my friend’s drug use until he came close to ending his own life seemed to me even worse than the fact that he had hidden his addiction from me all these months. The man I had thought Holmes to be – bright and brilliant, composed and calculating, humorous, cynical, inspiring and inspired – was gone, and in his place was a glassy eyed addict, gambling away his unique talents, his unparalleled intellect, his vitality and his brilliance as though they were worth nothing. Some small part of me knew that my anger was irrational. No one knew better than I how easy it was to develop shameful dependencies. And yet I had turned to drink to distance myself from unbearable memories and numb myself from incessant nightmares. Holmes had, so far as I knew, no conceivable reason to play in such a cavalier fashion with his own life.
The following day, I awoke from a nightmare that faded from my memory on awakening, leaving me sweating and shaken. I came downstairs to find Holmes sitting on the sofa where I had left him the night before. Although I had heard him playing his violin late into the night and suspected that he had not slept, he looked as immaculate as ever, his eyes lit with their strange pale glow as he turned to me.
“Yes,” he snaps.
“What do you mean? How should I have known?”
“It is not his hand.”
“I followed him,” he continued at last. “One morning, when he left for work an hour earlier than usual. He walked for some time, into a part of London I did not know. Eventually, he knocked on a door and the same man I had seen let him inside. He was there for about 20 minutes. Then he came out and hailed a cab and I heard him give the address of his office. I waited outside the building. An hour or two must have passed before a man left and I was able to dash inside before the door closed behind him. I found myself in a long, narrow hallway. It smelled of sickness and laudanum – a scent I recognised from when I had broken my arm falling from a tree. I moved very quietly, listening, until I heard a familiar voice. When I pushed open the door, I found my mother, propped up in bed, talking quietly with the man I had seen on the doorstep. He was wearing the white coat of a doctor. Her face was as pale as death and she was much thinner than she had been only weeks earlier. When she saw me, she tried to sit up, calling out my name in surprise. The shout set off a coughing fit and as I ran towards her, a great gout of blood issued from her mouth and sprayed across the sheets and the front of her nightgown. She was crying when the doctor forced me from the room. It was the last time I ever saw her.”
“Nonetheless, I can see what drew you to him,” he said. “He is an honest and a kind man, if perhaps not an observant one. How he did not ascertain that Harrison was in love with him I cannot imagine.”
My favourite hours at Baker Street in those early weeks were the evenings on which Holmes would take up his violin and begin to play, whiling away the hours between supper and bed with a virtuoso concert for one. In our short acquaintance, I had begun to think of Holmes as a man of rare intelligence but few emotions. Despite our growing friendship, he could be cold at times and rarely spoke either of himself or other people, instead tending to dwell on facts and formulas and history – the bedrocks of logic rather than passion. Yet when he took up his violin, he was transformed. I had not expected such a talent for music from a man of so scientific a bent, but when Holmes began to play he seemed to leave the man of reason behind him and become a creature of pure feeling. Often, when deep in thought, he would lay his violin across his knee and scrape at the strings with his bow, drawing out sustained chords that, while not unpleasant to the ear, were certainly not melodic. In the evenings, however, when he played for the pure pleasure of it, he would raise his fiddle to his chin, close his eyes and let his fingers dance over the strings.
He drew back at once when I waved the telegram at him and turned away towards the mantelpiece, already reaching for his pipe.
I drew in a sudden breath, expecting Phelps or his fiancée to recoil at Holmes’ insinuation. But both remained still and serene, as though unaware of what the question implied.
“Would it not be better to let me decide that, given that its contents concern me?”
By midnight, thunder was rolling outside, shaking the window in its frame, and flashes of lightening were splitting the sky in two behind the curtain. The shivering had passed and my whole body was burning. The faces of the men I had failed were hovering before me, screaming and whimpering and calling out the names of their loved ones as they died alone under a blinding sun, children who had suddenly discovered they were not immortal, a thousand miles from home. The guns fired in deafening unison, a long rolling cacophony of horror, and I saw the flash and flicker of igniting powder as soldier after soldier was mown down.
It took me a few moments to process these cryptic words and then, I am sorry to recall, I gaped at him in shock.
“Watson,” he called, as I bid him a hurried goodnight. “Are you certain that you do not require anything? Why not lie on the sofa and I will make up the fire? I am in the mood to play. Perhaps some music might help you to relax?”
“You need not fear, doctor,” she said. “I have not forgotten my purpose in coming here.”
“Then by all means let us ask Annie to remain behind,” I said, as he began to rise carefully from the sofa. “I confess Holmes’ methods are not always clear to me but I assure you that he does nothing without reason.”
“What work?” I asked involuntary, half aware that the conversation had taken a strange turn but relieved to leave behind the subject of my many vices.
“I did not know,” he whispered between his fingers. “He said he wished never to think of it again.”
The attendant stepped forward and coughed to get the inspector’s attention.
“I do,” I said, letting him hear the pain and longing in my voice. “I pretended for a long time that I didn’t. First to myself and then to you. But I have loved you for months. I never thought I had succeeded in keeping it from you.”
“Wainwright is a snake. He is a frequent visitor to the Bar of Gold, where he moves among the poor men who waste away their lives there, listening to their ramblings and eliciting, with a suggestion here and a question there, their secrets and sorrows and shames. Some, he blackmails simply by threatening to inform their employers or loved ones of their dependence on the drug. Others, he holds to ransom via information elicited when they were too far gone to know what they were saying. Still others, he doctors with stronger drugs, until they will pay him whatever he asks to maintain their dependence. Those who are no longer of use to him are disposed of. There is a trapdoor at the back of the building. The Bar of Gold is the vilest murder-trap on the whole riverside and Whitney was to be its next victim. He had paid what he could to Wainwright and refused to pay more. Last night was to be his final one on earth – until you came in and removed him from right under the inspector’s nose. How on earth did you know where I was and who I was protecting?”
Life was not perfect. Moments like these, when Holmes was mellow and satisfied in the wake of a case brought to a successful close did not last long. By tomorrow – if not sooner – he would be craving a new problem as an addict craves his pipe or his hypodermic, desperate for a puzzle to occupy his lightning-sharp, restless, occasionally torturous mind. I still had nightmares that left me with shaking limbs and wet cheeks, still fell into spells of anxiety so sudden and severe they left me gasping for breath, still reached for the bottle when life seemed too difficult to bear. Holmes still fell into black moods, still refused to speak for hours or days. He still turned to his seven percent solution and his syringe at times when the injustice and cruelty and bleak obviousness of the world overwhelmed him, though he knew that it hurt me to see him glazed and electric, thrumming with unnatural energy. But he had ceased taking morphine since two weeks after he had seen, in the tears I could not keep from my cheeks, how much it pained me to witness him indolent and lethargic in its grip, his thoughts abnormally sluggish and his body loose and pliant and halfway to death.
Ignoring his final words, which threatened to divert me from the several questions that were battling at the forefront of my mind, I focused, with some effort, on what I felt to be the most urgent point.
The red-headed doctor laughed. “He did not give it to his patients, even when they begged,” he said. “But we shall be more generous than he.”
“And why is that?” he murmured. “Is there someone else who commands your regard?”
“I don’t need your help. I'm a junkie who solves murders for kicks, John, not one of your little girlfriends.”
“What?”
The story of the Red-Headed League was the strangest yet to cross my path and I could see that Holmes was filled with glee at a mystery that promised to put his unique skills to the test. When Mr Wilson read to us the advertisement that had led him to a job with an esoteric organisation that only hired men whose locks were of a particular hue, Holmes was almost wriggling in his chair with excitement. By the time the man had finished his account of days spent transcribing entries from the encyclopaedia for a ludicrously high wage, only to be summarily dismissed from his position eight weeks later, he was laughing to himself with delight. Watching him, I felt a measure of relief wash over me. Whatever his reasons for resorting to morphine – and I felt sure it could not be ennui alone that had driven him to inject so much of the drug that he had almost ended his life – his obvious happiness in this moment was enough to reassure me that he would not be in need of any other stimulant but the mystery until the case was solved.
John is still, staring at him.
“I always get out of it.”
John is making sympathetic noises as she describes the death of her sister but Sherlock is paying attention to more important things than her feelings. Like the way she is keeping her wrists hidden – bruising there, clearly, that she doesn’t want them to see – and the words she uses. Abusive step-father. Wants to intimidate her into surrendering her claim to the family property.
John is gasping into his neck, slumped atop him, careful not to put too much pressure on Sherlock's stiches. Sherlock’s heart is thrumming, racing like he’s just injected too much cocaine. He closes his eyes and focuses on counting the beats, blocking everything but numbers from his mind. He waits until his breathing slows, falling into a quiet rhythm, until John shifts and let out a long contented breath and Sherlock slides out of him on a rush of warm fluid. Before John can move away, Sherlock places one large hand on the back of his neck and stops him.
“Open your eyes,” he ordered, a slight tremor in his authoritative voice.
“If the fellow comes you will follow him home. But do not take any undue risks and do not forget that he is far more dangerous than he appears. Take no step without informing me,” were his parting words.
“Well, Watson?” he said, his body so close to mine that I could feel the heat radiating from his skin. His arranged himself with catlike grace, one arm slung over the seat of the sofa, one leg bent upright and the other forward so that his knee almost touched mine. “Who is it that arouses your interest, if it is not the virtuous Miss Morstan?”
“Yes, damn you,” I snarled, already reaching for him again. “Do you need to hear me say it? It is you that I want. You are all that I’ve wanted since the first day I met you.”
I had just started on my third whiskey and was picturing Holmes tied up and helpless, being tortured by a villain with an array of implements worthy of a surgeon, when I heard an urgent knock at the door. Leaping to my feet, I rushed to open it, hoping to see Holmes standing without. My disappointment must have shown clearly on my face, because the young women who stood outside apologised immediately.
I stood, turning from him as though in disgust, even as all my instincts told me to return to him, to help him from the filthy cell and escort him to Baker Street, where a bath and a good meal and a pipe before the fire might begin to transform him back into the compelling, irrepressible detective whose wellbeing occupied far too many of my thoughts.
“But Holmes, your hands. Please tell me you did not try to open it without tools.”
“Never,” I choked, and then I was shuddering in his arms and spilling over his fingers, the pulsing of my body sending him over the edge to convulse silently within me.
Only when I did so did he once again lower his head, his grey gaze fixed on me all the time, to finish what he had started. His domineering attitude only increased my arousal, God forgive me, and I marvelled at his ability to place me totally at his mercy even as he was the one servicing my needs. He was still holding my eyes with his own when I could stand it no longer and I released with a cry, treacherous pleasure coursing through my body. Holmes' rhythm did not falter as he reached forward with one long arm and placed his hand firmly over my mouth, leaving me to convulse in silence until I slumped back onto the rug.
“I am sorry,” I said stiffly. “I was not my usual self.”
“And I hardly expect them to see me.”
Holmes’ voice was as strong and melodic as ever, but from the way he leaned against the wall, his slumped form lacking all his usual unconscious grace, I could see that he was in far worse shape than he wished me to know.
I could not understand why he kept coming back to the subject of my engagement, but so tangled were my thoughts, and so raw my emotions, that I let go the caution I had so carefully cultivated throughout my months of living with him.
He was standing at my back, not close enough to read Percy’s letter but close enough to see what I held in my hands. His voice was clipped but not cold and I scanned his face carefully. As usual, not a trace of his thoughts was visible.
He blocks out the sound of John’s voice as he tries to pinpoint what’s happening to him. This is John’s fault. It has to be. What is it about John that makes him react like this to such a pedestrian display of sentiment?
He waits until he hears the shower start up and then presses his face into John’s pillow and says it, letting the fabric soak up his words like water. “I love you, John.” Afterwards, the pillow looks exactly the same but Sherlock can’t shake the feeling – illogical, ridiculous – that it’s different.
“Annie has not seen it but it would be easy enough to confirm,” he said, flushing slightly. “I believe it was the knowledge that I would lose not just my career but also my closest friend and my future wife that precipitated my illness. The fever came upon me so suddenly that Joseph grew alarmed and rang the bell before our conversation was resolved. In the end, Annie and my mother decided that he should quit his bedroom, where I remained to recover. I lay insensible for nine weeks. It was Annie who cared for me, administering to me like an angel as I raved. I do not know why Joseph did not tell her. But last night, as I lay alone for the first time since our conversation, I woke to find him outside my window, engaged in attempting to break in. I do not know what he intended, but when he realised that I had seen him, he fled. I am very much afraid that he has hatched some monstrous conspiracy against me.”
-No! Absolutely not! -
John knocked three times in quick succession on the blue door and after a two-second interval, knocked two more times, then waited.
-Would you like me to put my military experience to good use? -
"No, John. I'm going to stay here until we talk" he said in a calm voice.
He loved his job and wouldn't let Sherlock take it away from him again.
If it was hi "boyfriend", Mycroft would have known, it would have been the first thing she would have made him aware of.
"That's how I feel" he said.
Sherlock shuddered at the ill-concealed subtext that the reference to Mycroft brought with him.
At those words a switch snapped into Sherlock's brain, instantly freeing him from the jealousy that had so far sparked and fueled that conversation: his eyes looked at John, almost saw him now for the first time and noticed how everything from the posture to his gaze,  indicated detachment, coldness and found himself sincerely wondering what he had said up to that moment.
John stole one last look of the child and once again kissed his black hair.
John nodded, covering the short distance between them to leave a small kiss at  the right corner of Sherlock's mouth before smiling a small sad smile.
After leaving the car at Marble Arch, John Greg and the children joined the Rainbow Families in the front rows and started marching down the streets of London preceded by people dressed in the most extravagant and colorful costumes, followed by machines where semi-dressed men and women danced to techno and disco music, and surrounded by people who had decided to join the cause of the LGBT community.
"How much did I sleep?" he asked to the vaguely familiar shade.
"That's right!" the little girl replied joyful.
So, it was a surprise when he moved his eyes to his left, and he noticed that he had arrived in Vauxhall and, standing at a traffic light, saw the imposing building on the other side of the bridge, completely immersed in darkness to the point of seeming abandoned.
"Sherlock? Wha-?"
They started to walk in, Greg still excited about John's time. As they picked up their stuff in the changing room, John remembered that that he and Sherlock were in the dorm next to Greg and Oliver, and so they started to head up together to their dorms, still in their shorts and hockey shirts, and padding along in their socks, up the wooden staircase quickly, so they weren't seen wandering about the school in their PE kit, which could lead to a detention, unless it was on a day of a school match... Just another of those many seemingly pointless school rules.
Sherlock had by now composed himself of all the melange of emotions he had been feeling before.
"Yeah, that would be nice, okay." Molly said a little dazed by this unexpected news, not having fully taken it in yet.
There was a knock at their door, interrupting John. Both of their heads snapped up, looking towards the sound. John looked over to Sherlock with panic clearly written across his face. He started mouthing indistinguishable words and gestured silently and frantically toward Felix and then to Sherlock and the bathroom. Sherlock quickly but calmly picked up the child and hurried inside shutting the door behind him.
“He-”
"Think of the medical studies you could build. Universities might be impressed..."
“I mean you-”
Goodnight John.
Really?
"Right." He said turning towards John. "I'm Oliver. And this is ..." He gestured to the guy behind him, indicating he should speak.
I looked over at him, thoroughly irritated now, and therefore deciding to use his own tactic against him, I spoke to Felix too.
"No. Or I will... I will... tell your parents where you really are!" Sherlock declared triumphantly, looking smug.
"Well I can hardly let Mycroft win can I?" He opened his eyes and let out a short laugh at John's face of disbelief. He continued, half fearing some sort of attack from John if he didn't.
Sherlock upon hearing that, re-bundled up Felix and heading off in that direction, leaving a very confused girl behind him.
"Either I do or you do!"
"Oh. Okay... wait, is Felix actually timing?" He asked curiously, looking over to the child who was firmly holding the stopwatch with one tiny finger on the start button ready to be pressed down.
"Yes. He is. My friend." John confirmed, smiling. I'll text you then." He said, and after one last hug, he left.
“Har-”
Oh right no i guess it is. Sorry i was just wondering where you went to school. ;)
“Get dressed!”
No, well yes i am John, but aren't i your friend??? :)
He sighed heavily as his team scored another goal. Today's practice was a strange one, as John had unexpectedly been placed as the goalkeeper on the A team in a match against the B team. This meant that unfortunately for John, the more goals his team scored, the less he saw the of the ball at his end. He hadn't even needed to defend one goal yet, and the practice was nearly over, and it also meant the less the coach saw of John's playing. He was a new coach this year and had been sizing up the pupils for the month and a half they had been back at school. John had not been chosen for either of the two games that had already happened, but he was determined to be chosen for the next one, and so dedicatedly attended all the practices he could, but so far with no avail.
"What question Sherlock?"
"He has no name which we are aware of. Perhaps the parents named him something, but this is unknown. We only know the number he was issued which is '191218'."
"I know I didn't. But you weren't going I correct her." He remarked, matter-of-factly.
"How'd you have the energy!"
Also because Sherlock would have lived quite happily in a flat only containing test tubes and tea, and would have withered away his cases seated on the floor, oblivious to the lack of furniture, and John thought that a least someone in the flat had to take control.
It doesn’t seem right. Abusing punctuation.
John knew that they would never have let him stay at Sherlock's for the entire holidays like he had done, and also he was terrified of what they would say about Felix. Him and his parents often didn't see eye to eye. They never had, they always preferred the more structured life, and wanted John to be as academic as possible. They certainly would not approve of this, what his father would call 'distraction!'
"Cute?!" Sherlock exclaimed, picking up a brightly coloured, plastic elephant with hauntingly large eyes. "What purpose do these toys serve? Are they...educational?" He scorned, holding it with the tips of his fingers and away from himself.
"He won't."
By chance it was close by to the staircase which lead to the outside door of the building in the west wing of the school. John ran out to Sherlock, and the two of them, quickly moving around the building edge with John in front looking out, darted up the flight of stairs and down the corridor and to their room which was at the end of a long corridor with doors to dorms on each side. When they got to their door, John checked the key again and then looked at the door, it was an old wooden door made of dark wood with nice carved embellishments on each side and a sturdy brass handle. Like everything in the school it was old, but in a country house, refined way and was like everything, very well kept.
John’s eyes narrowed into sharp slits, and he he grabbed his sisters mug violently out of her hand, and walked over to the kettle, as her peals of laughter filled the room.
"Well you did..." The other murmured under his breath. At which the confident one turned around, stopped speaking and then took a step to one side to allow John a full look of the other. He was tall and had a sandy blonde mass of hair, cut into a neat, but groomed style. He wore skinny black jeans and a dark grey overcoat, which was unbuttoned halfway. He looked embarrassed at the eagerness of his friend, and the awkwardness of the situation that had been created. The brazen one spoke to the other with an air like he had been deeply insulted by him, his words dripping with sarcasm.
"Come on, we've got to pack." John reminded, and they both got up and went through to the other room, being careful not to wake Felix.
"Did you find out?" John looked up from his schoolbook he was studying, and which Felix was craning over to look at the pictures in.
"You do!" Sherlock blurted quickly. "Of course you do! You are very... Very clever John! I mean..." He trailed off, regretting his sudden, uncharacteristic outburst. John moved on, trying to relieve the awkward air that suddenly surrounded them.
"He was just showing me, isn't it funny! It was some girl at his camp, she dared him to put some fake tan on them and now it won't come off! I think it's hilarious!" She saved him in such a fluent manner that it completely convinced both his mother and his father.
Sherlock smirked slightly and outstretched his legs, crossing one over the other and just continued to watch Felix playing.
The students officially weren't allowed out of the school grounds at night, however it being a Saturday night, the teachers often turned a blind eye to it, especially if there had been a successful football match during the day, they knew the pupils would want to celebrate. However John stuck to the shadows until the rest of the group turned up, for solely the fear that perhaps they might be unlucky and get a strict teacher looking out of the window and stopping them. The group erupted into hushed greetings when they saw John, all obviously pleased he was joining them as he was quickly becoming a popular and key member of the group. There were about ten of them in total because not all of the hockey team were part of the clique. After they had dodged the hurdle of the school gates and made it out them safely, they all were on the long country road which lead up to the nearest town, frequented by the students of the school.
I sighed and put my hand to my head. Sherlock was still in 'that mood.' The mood he had seemed to be in a lot lately, and probably what had caused the majority of our previous argument. The mood where he had to contradict everything which I said, he also felt it necessary to use Felix against me in situations like this, which always irritated me beyond belief.
"I just thoug-" Sherlock began, slurring his words slightly. "I-just-wante-to-hav-one-evenin- wher-we-could-be wi-Felix. All-thre-o-us-together" "You-always-out-always oth- friends-always-hockey. Never me."
"All of that. Being like that, so much trouble, you having to take care of me."
“And...?”
He tried to rock the child in his arms the way he had seen mothers do, he patted him on the back and stroked his hair, murmuring that everything was going to be okay, although he was reassuring himself more than the child, who was too young to understand what had just happened.
Not that he could call this house home, as there were no memories for him inside this house, which supposedly was his house as well. He felt more at home in his dorm at school. Or more recently, at Sherlock's flat. He rang the doorbell and hoped that the rest of the day would all go by quickly.
The drunk boy raised himself from the sofa and staggered away from his friend towards the cabinet on the other side of the room, before coming back with an object in his hands; his gift.
At the top of the tower they stood in the two parallel queues to get to the two dark holes of the beginning of the slide that were before them.
As Sherlock came back, he shook his head at John’s hopeful expression.
“Does the baby need anything at this moment?”
"10.8. 10.8!" Greg shouted.
Sherlock just continued to look around, his frustration growing at the minimal signs around the station. John feeling sorry for his friend's obvious distress at the lack of familiarity started walking to the way out.
Yes. Very observant John.
“Well yea-”
"I mean, like, what do you do? 100m? cross country?"
Thankyou yet again for your splendid an amazing comments! I love the fact people are reading my writing! It fills me with such inexorable joy! And I adore to hear what you guys think so I really really do appreciate all your comments! :) Been away for a while so I do apologise for the slight delay in updating! But anyway, here it is! Enjoyyyyy! :)
"Huh. Well thats a new personal best." John said smiling.
"I'm sorry."
"This- This is for you. Well- Not exactly, it's for Felix. I missed the 6 month milestone. I wanted to do something for the 7 month instead. So I- Well you'll see." He gestured for John to open the package.
“Clair de Lune. Debussy.” He looked back at John, a small smile playing on his lips, relishing the commendation of his playing.
"Good. Confidence. Girls want someone confident, they want you to ask them. I expect to meet this girl next time I see you."
“I need you John.” Sherlock said in a small voice, looking to his feet.
Sherlock sat outside on the tiered seating, by the hockey pitch waiting for it to start, the sky was grey and looked like there was the chance of it raining, so Sherlock pulled his scarf and his coat more firmly around his as he waiting in anticipation for the players to arrive. He was looking forward to seeing John play as he had heard he was very good from the other players, and he hadn't seen him play for years, just because he hadn't been in the same PE set as him, and Sherlock had dropped PE as soon as he physically was able to. He hadn't seen John to tell him that he would be at the match, so he had sent him a text telling him he was coming, although he doubted he would have seen it before the match.
“My dear Holmes, surely you cannot mean it?” I said. “Have you lost your senses? Sir Henry may have gone to London but what of his household? What if a gardener should happen by?”
“The first we heard of it was when we received a complaint that a man had interrupted a funeral and attempted to destroy the coffin,” Lestrade continued steadily. “I was shocked to find that it was Mr Holmes, who had taken matters into his own hands. I may say, although we cannot condone entering private property without a police warrant, it was lucky for you that he did. I don’t mind telling you, doctor, that when I saw you in that coffin I thought we were too late. Mr Holmes here gave you artificial respiration. It took us almost half an hour to be sure that we weren’t going to lose you.”
Before I could respond to this startling overture, I heard the footsteps that my friend’s keen ears had no doubt already detected and I sat back swiftly, distancing myself from Holmes by several feet. By the time the young constable opened the door, we were two strangers again.
“When you sent me away with Percy I feared that you believed there was something between us,” I admitted.
I thought of finding Holmes lying in a coffin an inch from death and my arm tightened around him convulsively.
“I will tell him that his troubles are over,” Holmes replied. “She got what she wanted, and I do not believe she will bother him now. His marriage is no longer of concern to her. She has won her freedom and retained a means to safeguard herself against any retaliation he might see fit to take.”
When he turned to face me again, he spoke very calmly and quietly.
It was as I had feared – everything I felt for him was contained in that single word. The raw, strangled cry of “Sherlock” seemed to echo between us as we collapsed onto the bed, both breathless and coated with sweat. The thick smell of our spent desire hung heavy in the room.
“I am merely adjusting to this unexpected turn of events,” I said, a touch defensively.
“I thought I saw a friend of mine at the window,” I answered, confused and uncertain. I knew that Holmes could not have intended his disguise to hide him from me. No matter how heavily he altered his appearance, I would know those eyes anywhere. If Holmes did not know that then he was a fool – a manifestly impossible supposition. So his disguise must be intended for someone else. Until I knew from whom he wished to disguise himself, and why he thought it necessary, I knew I must guard my speech carefully.
I fancy that Phelps noticed nothing strange about his tone but, knowing the man as I did, I sensed that there was some strong emotion, ruthlessly suppressed, beneath his bitten-off words.
When I raised my head, Holmes was kneeling beside me, his face very close to mine. He placed his free hand on the side of my neck, staring at me as intently as I had often seen him stare at a crime scene, searching for the trifle he had missed that would finally make sense of what appeared to be impossible.
He rolled over, abandoning his study of the bee to raise one dark eyebrow at me.
Throughout our strange interview with Thaddeus Sholto, in that great menacing mausoleum of a house, I was aware of the way Miss Morstan addressed her remarks to me, seeming almost to forget that Holmes and Sholto remained in the room. I strove to serve as a comforting and reassuring presence in the strange situation in which we found ourselves, finding that my protective instincts were once again aroused by her obvious distress, and my admiration aroused by the commendable bravery with which she attempted to hide it. And yet, in the darkened grounds of Pondicherry Lodge, when she placed her hand in mine, I had to fight not to tear my fingers from her gentle grip. Holmes stood but a few feet from us and, though he had taken the lamp and was busy examining the great heaps of stone and rubbish that defiled the darkened lawns, I knew that he missed nothing. No matter how I fought it, everything in me revolted at the thought of his glimpsing us together in such an intimate position.
“Mundanity? You did this because you were bored?” I said. Then, reflexively. “And I do not ‘follow at your heels.’”
John is gratifyingly – though irrationally – furious. After all, he sleeps in Sherlock’s bed most of the time now anyway and Sherlock really does need to measure the size of the stain, a man’s alibi depends on it. But John doesn’t say the words again. He just shouts at Sherlock, his face red and his left hand clenching and unclenching at his side. He rants about boundaries and respect and biohazards and Sherlock’s bloody disgusting experiments and then slams out of the flat. He doesn’t take his phone so he’s gone to the park or to the pub, not to seek out Bill or Mike or Lestrade. Won’t be gone long, then. Sherlock lies down on the sofa to recalculate. He’s missing something. It annoys him more than it should that he doesn’t know what it is.
“Come over here and sit down, my dear fellow,” I said. “I am sorry if my blunder scared you.”
Holmes swallowed. He was lying on his back in my narrow bed, staring at the ceiling, and I could not see his eyes. Silently, I reached out and took hold of his hand. He entwined his long fingers with mine.
“Much that appears shadowed can be easily discerned if you have a light to shine on it, Watson,” he said.
I thought of rough metal gouging through delicate layers of epidermis, dermis and hypodermis, scarring those strong, beautiful hands, and felt another lurching burst of sickness.
“I can tell me by set of your shoulders,” he said.
“We are grateful that you took us into your confidence, Mr Holmes,” Bradstreet said heavily. “With your detailed account and the evidence you have provided I have no doubt that we shall be able to close the files on several of the disappearances you brought to our attention.”
“Perhaps,” said Holmes, his face as inscrutable as the great Sphinx of Egypt.
“We drew out the nails,” he responded, in the tone of someone speaking to an imbecile.
And so I began to accompany him on many of his cases, which I soon found were always interesting, occasionally frustrating and frequently dangerous. Once he realised that I still had my service revolver and established that I had no objections to using it, he began asking me to bring it along when he believed that a case was likely to occasion a higher than usual degree of risk. Useless as I was to him as a partner in solving puzzles, possessing as I did neither his intellect nor his instinctive talent for intuiting the motives and methods of the criminals we encountered, I took pride in my ability to protect him, as ill-fitting as that task must be for a retired doctor sickened by memories of war.
“Sherlock,” I started, not knowing how I planned to continue, when Inspector Lestrade appeared suddenly over Holmes’ shoulder, placing his own arm beneath one of mine to help me to my feet and inquiring anxiously after my health. My eyes were still fixed on Holmes as he rose with me and I saw how he suddenly stilled, his face turning blank and closed.
“Even when I was ten, I was very clever,” Holmes said, sounding, for the first time, as though he were not proud of his extraordinary mind. “My father and Mycroft both told me that my mother would be back soon, but as the days passed and her return was delayed again and again I began to suspect that they were concealing something from me. My father was not himself. He had always spent time in the evenings talking to me, discussing mathematics and chemistry and setting me puzzles. Suddenly he had no time for games. He was leaving the house earlier than usual and returning later. Several times, after I was in bed, I heard strange voices downstairs and once, sneaking to the head of the stairs, I saw a man talking very seriously with my father, who handed over a large sum of money. When I asked my father who he was, he shouted at me, complaining that I asked too many questions – a habit which he had always cultivated and prized. Mycroft had been used to visiting us once a fortnight, but he stopped coming home at all and my father was a changed man. I began to watch him carefully.
“Fascinating?” I echoed. I had never heard him use the word about anything but a particularly difficult case.
He shifted so that he was lying beside me and could look into my eyes, his face inches away on the same pillow.
“No, of course you don’t,” John’s saying. “Why do I do this?”
“If you need me, do not hesitate to call me,” I heard him say to my back as I finally reached the door of my room and shut myself away from him. As I readied myself for bed, I could hear the faint strains of his violin from the sitting room and the thought that he might be playing for me brought a smile to my face, despite my pain and worry.
Holmes could not resist the urge to show off his skills, immediately startling the man with a series of personal observations somehow gleaned from a swift perusal of his personage, all listed in an airy manner designed to convey that the facts Holmes had identified were obvious and that anyone incapable of deducing them as swiftly and effortlessly as he had was little better than a half wit. I resisted the urge to roll my eyes at Mr Wilson, whose face betrayed the purest shock and admiration, and had to stifle a laugh when, Holmes having explained his reasoning, the man responded in all earnestness and with a hint of relief: “Ah, now I see that it is all most evident. I thought at first you had done something clever.” Holmes shot a quelling look at me as I sat with shaking shoulders, trying to appear occupied with my notes.
“I felt an overwhelming urge to touch you as you sat beside me. My hand must have hovered, on the verge of reaching for you, for a full minute before I forced myself to draw it back.”
“So,” I prompted, “it does not appall you to learn that I would rather spend the rest of my days with you than with anyone else I can think of, female or male, client or otherwise?”
It takes Sherlock longer than it should to figure out how to engineer a repeat. John likes it when Sherlock makes an effort to be considerate, so he tries doing nice things. The sorts of things a normal boyfriend would do. He makes John a cup of tea and brings it to him in bed, which for some reason results in more suspicion than gratitude, even though when Sherlock sees the look on John’s face he remembers to reassure him that the tea has not been drugged or otherwise tampered with. In no way is this a repeat of the Baskerville incident, he adds, when John face doesn’t soften. He resists the urge to call John an idiot in front of Lestrade and his team three cases in a row – a record. John is so busy being dazzled by Sherlock’s deductions, the final two flung over his shoulder as takes off, coat flying, after a suspect, that he doesn’t even seem to notice what an effort Sherlock is making.
“This will require the breaking of a different set of laws,” he said in a low voice. “But it is likewise in a good cause.”
“Stay in Montpellier with me for one more day,” he said. “We will return to Baker Street together.”
“What wire?”
Holmes was gasping, his usual control nowhere in evidence as he pressed hot lips to my neck, his fingers fumbling with my trousers. His hair was tousled and his face almost savage as he stripped off my clothes, pausing only to kiss me with a force that left me breathless, my heart pounding and my lips tender and bruised. Soon I was kneeling before him, naked, still running teasing hands over his body, touching him only through the fabric of his clothes. Despite the strength of my desire, which urged me to strip him of his own garments and satisfy both our needs as expediently as possible, I had never before seen Holmes so lost in arousal, with all his restraint and calculation stripped away. The experience was intoxicating – almost frightening – and I found myself wanting to extend it for as long as possible.
“I am sure he would be here speaking with you if was at liberty to do so,” I said, as soberly as I could.
“As it happens, I have been here for several days,” he said, as casually as though we were discussing the weather. “I am afraid that – as energetic as you doubtless were in your investigation – you have succeeded admirably in collecting vast quantities of irrelevant data, and yet missed almost everything of importance. As soon as I determined I could get away from Baker Street, I thought it wise to come over myself and begin a second strand of inquiry.”
I stumbled back, turning away from the window, scarcely aware of my surroundings. My instinct was to hail a cab and flee to Baker Street, leaving Holmes and Miss Adler to their games. But a moment later I heard voices at the door and saw Holmes making his way down the front path. He was no longer affecting the timid walk of the clergyman but striding with all his customary confidence, his long legs eating up the ground. I heard the front door close behind him and ran to catch up, careful to remain out of sight of the window.
“My dear fellow, you excel yourself,” he said, suddenly invigorated. I could see in his posture that he had struck upon some fresh connection or new path of inquiry that promised to yield results. “It may be that you are not yourself luminous, but you are a conductor of light. Some people without possessing genius have a remarkable power of stimulating it.”
“On the contrary, you display a natural aptitude for all three in your stories,” he said, propping himself on one arm and leaning over to nip me lightly just below the ear. “They are all at least fifty percent fabrication, by my calculation. Sometimes I struggle to discern a word of truth in them.”
“What the bloody fuck are you doing?”
The tall, dark-haired doctor turned, and it was Holmes, the lower half of his face concealed behind a surgical mask, his pewter eyes spearing me like harpoons me where I lay immobile in my hospital bed.
“It was a long time ago,” I said.
“Stop!”
“You mean what you almost said?” John manages.
“Oh really?” Holmes hands were slowly mapping the skin of my back, making it hard to concentrate. “In what way, exactly, did I lack subtlety? As I recall it, you were the one who kissed me.”
Again and again, I saw men with whom I had eaten and drank and laughed as we stayed up all night around the card table, cheating death, struck down before me, begging me to save them even as I knew I could not. Again and again, I watched the life drain from their eyes as I bathed their infected wounds, breathing in the small of rot and death, or heard their screams as my hacksaw rent flesh and bone in a futile effort to keep ahead of the foul gangrene that took them from me, one by one. Again and again, I felt the bullet strike my shoulder, the moment of confusion before the throbbing rhythm of pain took up its presence in my body, eliminating all else, and I relived the blackness that crept over my vision as I realised that an artery had been grazed and felt the life seeping from my veins. I would awake bathed in sweat, my mouth dry and my hands shaking, deploring my own weakness. When the fever took me, some weeks after my arrival in Peshawar, these dreams became indistinguishable from reality, and for a time I was utterly lost.
“Her life is at risk?”
“Inviting as that sounds, my dear fellow, I am afraid I am here to get you out of bed,” he said with amusement. “A young lady has arrived with what promises to be a most interesting problem, given the urgency of her call and the earliness of the hour.”
“My dear Watson,” he said. “It is not that I did not want you in the room. You are simply the only person I trusted enough to carry out the manoeuvre on which the success of the plan depended. Please believe me when I say that she holds no attraction for me. She is a woman, for one thing, and we are not all as flexible in that regard as you. And even if she were not, she would not tempt me when I have you by my side.”
“I would not characterise it as affection, Holmes. But when I knew him at school he was an honest, upright fellow. I cannot believe that his essential nature is very much changed.”
I rolled my eyes in exasperation, grateful that he could not see my face.
He’s not sure how much time has passed when he realises that John is no longer in the bathroom. He replays the familiar sounds he’s been ignoring for the last few minutes. John is in the kitchen. He hears the slide of the cutlery drawer and the clink of metal on china. Tea. Obvious.
Holmes’ grip on me did not loosen.
“You love me?” he asked. He sounded more tentative than I had ever heard him and there was an unfamiliar expression on his face. I thought for a moment that it was dismay. It took me a few seconds to realise that it was vulnerability and to comprehend that I had shocked him more profoundly than ever before. It was only then that I understood that despite the depth of his perception, which seemed to me at times to border on omniscience, he really had not known.
“Perfect?”
“What is the matter, my dear fellow?” Holmes asked me, after I abandoned my food to stride about the room.
“So you do not know where the picture is?”
“In Dartmoor.”
“I have found a re-agent which is precipitated by haemoglobin and nothing else,” he exclaimed, as joyful as if his experiments had uncovered the location of some lost treasure.
“My dear doctor, thank you for coming to see me as I requested,” Phelps said in a hushed voice, drawing my attention back to my surroundings. “I am sorry to summon you with such urgency but I did not know to whom I could turn.”
The den, which I found in a filthy alley called Upper Swandam Lane, overlooking the river to the east of London Bridge, was a vile, fume-filled pit that seemed to close around me the moment I walked inside, as blackened and malodourous as a smoke-filled lung. Lit by flickering oil lamps, it was filled with men who could hardly be called human, lying sprawled in strange, contorted poses, their eyes glazed and vacant as they lolled in thrall to their hypnotic dreams. The glow of their pipes formed a sickly constellation of red stars in the dark room and the air was thick with poison and the sound of their ranting, muttering, whispering voices. I began to make my way through the hellish room, shaking stupefied men by the shoulder as I demanded to speak to Isa Whitney, until the attendant, a Malay man whose offer of a pipe I had firmly rejected, accosted me and attempted to force me from the room.
“Well, Mr Holmes,” she said, in a deep, musical voice. “I believe it is high time we were honest with one another. I have what you want. All that remains is to determine what you have that I might want in return.”
