A fair point, Sherlock supposed. He conceded it. “They’re a disaster. I don’t know how you can stand it.”
Sherlock climbs the stairs and creeps into John’s bedroom, where he can see John’s shape beneath the duvet. Asleep. Shouldn’t mind, then, if Sherlock sits beside him and waits for him to wake.
“No,” John said, drawing out the vowel. “Pretty sure hunting and gathering ended in England a few thousand years ago, actually. Now we’ve got these things called supermarkets, you see.”
“Ahh!” John jerked beneath him, sounding rapturous. His neck arched, pushing the curve of his throat into Sherlock’s fingers and scraping his hair against Sherlock’s chin. Sherlock kissed his temple instinctively. “Oh god, that’s it. Mm, fuck me, come on.”
Mrs Hudson tutted at him, her eyebrows arching. “Serves you right, you know.” She stepped around him and carried the mugs to the kitchen. “I did say I could manage on my own.”
Instead, she grabbed two handfuls of Sherlock’s hair and twisted until the roots were taut, just shy of tugging on Sherlock’s scalp. Sherlock’s lashes fluttered, and she tipped her head even farther back, baring her throat in a way that seemed distinctly submissive.
, John thought wryly. He wriggled—quite easily, as Sherlock (like most vampires) slept like, well, the dead—from under Sherlock’s arm, left the bed, and went to the bathroom.
“Don’t use the e,” Sherlock said, pacing behind where John was sat at his computer. He’d switched his full suit for a pair of pyjamas and a dressing gown. His shirt was inside out, as it often was. John wondered if that had to do with vampirism or just Sherlock’s individual eccentricities.
, Sherlock thought muzzily, but didn’t say. He sighed happily. “I’m your good kitty. You adore me; you just said so.”
Sherlock’s mood plunged back to its previous low. Not quite the depths of despair, but close enough that Sherlock could see the heavy smog of it in the distance.
Sherlock was quick about it, even more so than usual. To compensate for the hurried preparation, he used an excessive amount of lubricant. But still, it burned. With John’s steadying hands on his waist to assist him, Sherlock sank onto John’s cock with a long, low hiss of pain.
After a brief, startlingly intense silence, John takes a deep breath. “Fucking hell, Sherlock. Since the very beginning, you’ve been carrying on like some sort of martyr, haven’t you? I’ve been worried I was imagining things and inventing problems where there were none, and meanwhile you’ve been suffering in silence and thinking you’re somehow making everything easier for me.”
John turned onto his belly with a blissful sigh. Things would get better now. They had to, after all this.
“‘Help’?” Sherlock scoffs. He can’t even fathom it: Sherlock confiding in Molly about his failure as a masochist and a healthy sexual partner, Molly counselling Sherlock about romance. “What advice could you possibly offer? One failed engagement already and another one imminent, not to mention a dating history that includes being used by a criminal mastermind. You consistently idealise your partners and remain blind to any qualities that might—”
And all that had been before Mary had shot Sherlock. Afterwards… fog or no, John had scarcely had any light in him at all.
John really wasn’t. Sherlock’s bum was creamy and plump, but—he cupped the cheeks and squeezed, feeling the sculpted muscles beneath the frankly pornographic swell of fat—still fit. There was a mole on the left cheek, right in the middle of the fleshiest bit, and John had the nearly irresistible urge to drop to his knees and put a ring of teeth marks around it. Fortunately, he managed to tamp the impulse down. This time, anyway.
touched, not the fleeting brushes and accidental grazes that had nearly driven Sherlock spare. No, John had run his hands along the sleeves and said
Two more strong rhythmic squeezes of her thighs, and Sherlock was coming too, whimpering around John’s fingers and clutching at John’s hip. The orgasm was small in terms of strength, but it lingered, sending wave after languid wave of pleasure through her until her knees shook and she worried she might literally cry if it went on any longer.
The best part of playing as John’s pet, at least as far as Sherlock was concerned, was the influence it gave him over John’s actions.
Well, of course it hadn’t. John’s thirst for excitement was insatiable. A mere taste wouldn’t have been enough to quench it.
Oh, John. Glorious John. John who only a matter of hours ago had allowed Sherlock to listen as she touched herself, brought herself to orgasm while she swore to herself and begged an imaginary someone to
To his pleasant surprise, John chuckles and knocks their shoulders together. “Right. Kind of you to say. You prick.”
“God,” John groans, kissing his jaw and then the side of his neck. “That feels good, doesn’t it? You’re gorgeous. Come on, Sherlock. Give it to it good and hard.”
“All right,” John says, sitting in his armchair with his own steaming mug. He’s told Sherlock multiple times that tea calms him, centres him, in times of high emotion, but he’s mistaken. It’s not the tea itself, but the act of making tea. He’s not taken so much as a tiny sip—it’s still too hot for that—and already he’s regained his confidence and his composure. “First of all, you… look, I see now I shouldn’t have just assumed you knew all this. But not all kink or BDSM or whatnot is sexual. There’s nothing unacceptable or unhealthy about wanting a bit of pain outside a sexual context. Not so long as you’re honest about it, you satisfy that desire at least reasonably safely, and—”
Now he was inside, John could clearly hear that the mechanical sound was coming from the bedroom, muffled somewhat by the closed door. Although not muffled enough that he couldn’t also hear the very familiar, always intriguing noise that accompanied it: gasps and bitten-off groans.
two days later and read that Graham “Jake” Doss had been arrested for stalking and murdering two members of online fetish communities, and it was as though a very, very large stone had fallen in his mind, upsetting everything.
Adding to his humiliation, John’s response was a snort. Then Sherlock stopped thinking altogether when John flipped onto his stomach and squirmed about until he was lengthwise on the mattress with his knees bent beneath him, lifting his arse up.
Then the thrusts stopped, leaving John just barely impaled on Sherlock’s fingertips. With a quiet “nngh” of complaint, John tried to take over, to snap her hips up and down and fuck herself just as good as Sherlock had fucked her, but Sherlock wrapped her other arm around John’s chest, brought her mouth to John’s ear, and said, “Shh!”
John stared dumbly, wondering if he’d misunderstood. They were in public, after all. Did Sherlock want him to take off his shoes and put his feet on the table?
When he was finished, he hurried back, retrieved the lubricant and his tail plug from the bedside table, and lay on his stomach on the bed with his legs spread.
But he says none of it, of course. Just concentrates on remaining still and quiet as John finally drifts into the second stage of sleep.
Sherlock sucked it briefly, getting the little bud warm and wet before she drew back and simply mouthed at it, let it glide back and forth over her lips until it was tight and puckered. The touch was so gentle, so sweet, it shot a bolt of arousal through John—between her toes and up her legs, settling in her groin and making her cunt clench and ache.
Mrs Hudson was wakened suddenly in the middle of the night by a noise somewhere distant in the flat. It was a loud sort of chirruping sound. Made by one of the cats, she thought, although she’d never heard either Sherlock or John make such a sound before.
He kept his eyes open and fixed on John’s. He let John see his eyelashes flutter when he took John’s prick into his throat, the same way that his throat muscles fluttered around the girth, struggling to accommodate it. And with every flutter, John’s cock gave a weak throb and a drop of precome smeared on Sherlock’s tongue when he pulled off.
He lies awake at night, watching John snuffle in his sleep, and remembers how easy it was to die for John, to come back for John. Standing on the roof of Bart’s, John’s tinny voice in his ear telling him that he could be that clever. Entering the restaurant two years later and spying John’s face across the room, so beautiful and familiar despite the abominable new facial hair, and experiencing such a wave of boundless, hopeless love he could have sobbed with it.
Then, the week before that: John on the sofa and Sherlock kneeling between her legs, a handful of her hair clasped tightly in John’s fist while John arched into Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock’s tongue and scalp had ached for hours afterwards.
He was toeing a dangerous line, he knew. The thin, tight line of John’s lips confirmed it. A few more jabs, a few more pointed strikes—
John’s improved mood continued into the evening, even though Sherlock hadn’t sent any further updates.
Inside it was as quiet as it was dark, although John could feel that he was being watched. That squirmy, shivery sensation along his back, the familiar urge to stand tall and reach for his gun.
The sound was quiet. Not at all like the conspicuous squelching produced when, for instance, John was on her back and Sherlock atop her, pounding into her so forcefully the entire bed rattled and lurched. But it was still a soft, slick noise that could be mistaken for nothing but the sound of a sweet, tight cunt being filled and satisfied.
Sherlock will never be able to know every thought that passes through John Watson’s head. There is an entire world, fields of unfiltered impressions and mounds of partially formed ideas, that will never give themselves away in John’s expression, and thus Sherlock will remain ignorant of them. Unfortunate, distasteful, but out of his control.
Would he? John shifted his weight, then quickly shifted it back when his leg smarted viciously. He had to grab the edge of the desk so he didn’t fall.
But Sherlock only looked amused. He clasped his hands beneath his chin, and a corner of his lips quirked up. “Hmm. We’ll see. In the meantime, surely there’s something about
Part of John wanted to take off his clothes again, shove Sherlock back into his armchair, and climb on top of him. The other part of him wanted to make a joke about the taxi drivers in London these days.
They sprinted through ice to reach the doorway, John fisting his hand in Sherlock’s shirt as Sherlock did the same to him.
Sherlock became abruptly aware that she could feel her pulse between her legs, which pounded harder as John covered her nipples with her hands and squeezed. The creamy, supple skin of her breasts shivered at the touch, and John tipped her head back against the pillow, closing her eyes with a pleased sigh.
He definitely preferred them, though. He found himself glancing down and admiring the sight of them on his feet, wriggling his toes just to savour the hug and scrape of the fabric against his skin. In some small part, he supposed, because it seemed luxurious and impractical to own £55—he’d done a bit of research online—socks.
I’ve been using your walkthrough on GameFAQs to play Caranguard. I’m not really much for video games, Caranguard is my first actually, and your guide has been a HUGE help! Very descriptive and thorough and easy to understand without giving away any of the plot! So thank you very much for writing it!
That’s about it really. He said some rubbish about the war at the end, but I wasn’t really listening by that point.
“Next time,” John said lightly, “maybe let me know when we’re visiting a shop to investigate instead of, you know. To shop.”
“No,” said John. Christ, it sounded like he’d been gargling gravel. He climbed unsteadily off the bed. “I’ll be quick.”
‘Arsehole,’ John told himself. ‘You are a selfish, thoughtless arsehole, and it would serve you right if he tossed you out right now.’
“It’s recently come to my attention,” Sherlock begins, “that John and I are not—” He sifts through words, discarding them as poor fits, until he’s left with the one that makes him wince to say aloud, despite having thought it so often in the last several weeks. “—
That was true, wasn’t it? John certainly shouldn’t have felt as chuffed as he did. That was probably a bit not good. Morally dubious at best.
He waits for John’s answering sigh. For John to return to his computer, to typing up his notes on the case and constructing his usual appallingly punctuated and overly dramatic blog post that will describe their “adventure” in great detail, describe
Christ, not only was he getting in people’s way, but others were watching from their windows as he gawked stupidly at his own shoes. He shoved the BlackBerry hastily back in his pocket and continued walking.
Sherlock’s whole body surged beneath him, arching up like an electric current was pulsing through him. When John climbed off to fetch the lube, he let out a groan that was very nearly tortured. John suspected he’d only just barely reminded himself not to try to keep John forcibly in place.
John let out a harsh bark of laughter. This was about the last conversation he’d thought he’d be having tonight. “Why?”
“Christ, I adore you,” said John, his voice thick. “You gorgeous thing, taking everything I give you. Perfect boy.”
before it felt properly good. Still, she stroked Sherlock’s hair again and said, “Yeah. That’s good,” with affection thick in her tone. Sherlock shuddered beneath her; the handcuffs clacked against the headboard.. “So good, Sherlock. Little harder?”
John fucked him with the toy for maybe a minute, slow and messy, until Sherlock felt lubricant dripping out and down his bollocks. Then, abruptly, John was humming thoughtfully and easing the tail from Sherlock’s hole. Sherlock whined in protest and tried to tighten his muscles, keep the plug where it was, but it slipped free with a squelch anyway.
John, tying his shoes on the sofa, wasn’t deterred. “Not that I’m complaining, mind. I’m fully in favour of you getting more sleep.”
Yeah, so? I think you’re exciting and unusual and interesting as hell. That’s not you being useful, that’s me being attracted to you.
It was very, very important that John understood this. That John knew Sherlock was aware of his failure and was dedicated to correcting it, that next time he would pay particular attention to ensuring John was physically satisfied before Sherlock was.
John felt infinitely better with another half bag of blood in his belly, although Sherlock insisted on heating up the other half for good measure. Then, while John sat in his armchair and sipped it slowly, relishing how it seemed to cling to his taste buds and coat his throat in warmth, Sherlock left for Bart’s.
“So,” John said, and Sherlock knew from that single word—her voice, how she dragged out the vowel a fraction of a second longer than usual, indicating nervousness and uncertainty—that she wouldn’t like wherever this conversation happened to lead. “Do you just not like being touched, or…?”
“Well, this certainly isn’t going how I planned,” John said dryly. “You’re berating me about the ring and raving about maggots.”
“In your estimation,” Sherlock said. It was an important addition. After all, John had proved quite exceptional in that he was attracted to qualities that others were repelled by.
“Good. That’s perfect, Sherlock. Another ten? How about the time between? Do you need more, maybe, or…?”
There was the approach of footsteps behind him, and the same scent that clung to the scarf around his neck grew stronger.
For once, Mycroft paid Sherlock little attention and fixed his gaze instead on John. Unlike Sherlock’s scrutiny, which was keen and probing but rarely made John uncomfortable anymore, Mycroft’s was utterly unforgiving. John might’ve been a fish on a carving board, waiting to be flayed.
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed and her lips turned down. “No, not my area. Penetration has only ever bored me.”
John had never bothered to change Sherlock’s name on that phone. There didn’t seem much point when Sherlock insisted that John use the BlackBerry to communicate with him. So why was he ringing the other one now?
‘Are you kidding?’ he thought. He remembered the North London littles munch, the conversations he’d listened to about dummies and Doms and—no. Absolutely not. But before John could say as much, Sherlock was speaking again.
was child’s play, then John was a bloody foetus. He shook his head and shoved his computer away so he could rest his elbows on the desk. “You don’t have to do this,” he said, rubbing his forehead uncomfortably. “You… I mean—”
At a quarter past ten, Jake still hadn’t shown up, and John had had quite enough of the North London littles munch.
Sherlock enjoys that position so much he fantasises about it constantly, and orchestrates scenario after scenario to ensure he will find himself in it at one point or another.
He begs with his entire body, winding his arms around John and dragging his fingertips through John’s hair, kissing the thin, tense line of John’s lips and shoving his prick—not quite half-erect, but getting closer, oh, much closer—against John’s thicker, harder one.
John leaned into him, his side against Sherlock’s shoulder. “I talked to Greg a bit the other day. His team’s at a dead end.”
“What’s the matter?” John says. His impossibly slow hunt-and-peck typing halts, and Sherlock realises that he is staring at John and has been for an indeterminate amount of time. “You look… upset.”
. If Sherlock is selfish, he’ll fare no better than Mary at this rate, in terms of ensuring John’s continued affection.
It had been ages since John had had the wind figuratively knocked out of her by a single comment. The sensation was even more disconcerting than she remembered. Like the little hourglass icon on her computer, her brain just spun and spun while John waited with waning patience for it to get on with it already.
Sherlock might’ve failed utterly to protect Mary Watson, but he will be damned if he fails John again.
With her free hand, she clicked through pages of realistic and nonrealistic dildos, considered her ideal length and girth, and debated the benefits of texture until Sherlock finally spoke.
When John finally slips into stage two, he stops responding to Sherlock’s presence at all. It implies a deep trust in Sherlock that is almost devastating, given John’s proven trust issues. Sherlock will almost certainly never be worthy of that trust.
“Erm,” said John. Sherlock very carefully did not deduce his tone. “All right. I’ll call you when it’s ready, shall I?”
Sherlock wrinkled his nose and walked off, disappearing towards the bedrooms. John was tempted to follow, although he didn’t know what if anything that would accomplish. Aside from possibly waking up Rosie, who was napping in John’s bedroom—and if Sherlock had noticed that her cot had moved, which he must’ve done, then he hadn’t decided it was worth commenting on.
, Sherlock thought. But no. John would have to get up and retrieve the ring from the bedroom. John wouldn’t want to propose without it. He was traditional and a romantic, and it would defeat the purpose of getting the ring to begin with.
Sherlock takes advantage of John’s early morning shift at the surgery to launch a thorough investigation of the pornography on his computer.
He spent a lot of time in his Mind Palace. The Good Mind Palace, as John called it, differentiating it from the times Sherlock had retreated into his own head for a long drug-induced hallucination. The sheer number of arguments that had begun with John pausing beside him and saying,
. He could hardly keep still. He wanted to writhe and squirm, fuck himself on John’s fingers or rub his prick against something, nuzzle John’s hand or lick at the webbing between John’s fingers.
than before: sharper, more urgent. Before John could ask, though, she heard the door to the ladies’ slam open, and then she understood. They weren’t alone any longer.
Sherlock braces himself, prepares for a starburst of pain on his left arse cheek, but it’s the sound—the
but then he recalls that after almost four months of constant sexual activity, it’s been nearly a week of nothing more than a cuddle, and the indignation leaves him like a mouthful of cigarette smoke.
Sherlock’s own pussy ached and throbbed like a forming bruise, and she felt wetter than she’d ever been before. Enough that she could feel her knickers clinging to her and her labia dragging slickly over her clit as she squeezed her thighs together.
When John returned to the bedsit, he checked his email and found a PayPal notification—Sherlock had sent him £125, as well as a note with his payment.
SH sent countless text messages while John was on the Tube—which arrived in batches, during the rare moments when Harry’s old phone actually had a decent signal—all of them reminding John about details they’d already gone over, as though SH thought John was some sort of imbecile likely to forget why he was attending a fetish event, albeit a nonsexual one, for people with a kink John did not share.
There are, he knows, countless indicators of the change in his and John’s relationship currently visible on their persons:
By the time John drew back, the trembling in Sherlock’s thighs had worsened. With both hands on Sherlock’s waist now, John helped him onto his back, where Sherlock moaned and blinked dazedly up at the ceiling. He couldn’t find any of the cracks he’d been mapping earlier, although he stopped looking for them after less than a minute of trying. He felt light, floaty, his brain nothing but a mesh of words like
“Yeah, erm. Maybe. Harry and I had a bit of a row earlier. I might still be bothered from that, I dunno.”
Sherlock makes a soft noise of understanding and agreement, and John’s hands return to his hip, flattening the skin again and holding it taut.
John is so much shorter that Sherlock has to bend considerably to nose at his neck. It stretches the skin of his back, makes the scratches pulse with pain.
“Okay,” John says. “We’ll carry on. But I want you to tell me immediately if you change your mind. Do you remember your safeword?”
Sherlock gave the deerstalker a wide berth after that. Every time he passed the sofa, he lowered his body and slowed his movements to a wary slink, peering at the sofa arm where the hat was, as though he expected it would leap off on its own and try to attach itself to his head.
—or thirsty, or whatever Sherlock wanted to call it—that people shuffled the opposite direction on the Tube and parents herded their children as far away as possible. Even on a good day John wasn’t sure he’d ever seen Sherlock empty five whole bags of blood.
Sorry, just realised I didn’t answer your question in that last email. I’m not sure what you mean about the difficulty. I don’t think it gave me a choice when I started playing, so it’s just the normal setting I suppose?
When she pulled back, John let out a quiet “uhn” of protest and tried to follow, but Sherlock shook her head. “Shh. Not now, John. Show me how you touch yourself. I want to watch. No more men.”
“Anyway,” John said. There was the soft chinking of a spoon against the rim of her mug. “Just a thought.”
Giving in to his curiosity and the urge to be a little naughty, John tore open the packaging and removed the Fleshlight. The white plastic case was cold to the touch, as was the sleeve itself, although it began to warm quickly in his hands. Propping it against his knee, he circled one finger around the wrinkled arsehole. The material felt vaguely skin-like, as it was probably meant to, although not enough so that John imagined it could ever actually be mistaken for human skin.
Then he was off, a little skip in his step, and John was left frantically checking his pockets—ah, good, he
But Sherlock only said, “Of course,” sounding surprised. “Your fat cock in my arsehole.” Rather than disgusted or offended, he sounded impressed by the suggestion, possibly even—oh god—enamoured of the idea. “Oh. John. Would you let me sit on it?”
It didn’t have quite the effortless air of seduction that SH’s did, but it also wasn’t wholly unappealing. In John’s opinion, at least. Which mightn’t have been worth anything—after all, no one had been intrigued enough to message him, had they?
“And if you truly believe John Watson to be virginal in any respect,” Mycroft continues, “that’s simply the result of denial on your part. Being ‘not gay’ does not exclude him from being—”
John looked around for something interesting he could take a picture of and send to Sherlock, but his bedsit was plain and sparse. Dull. Not the sort of place he was keen to show other people.
He thought of the ash-coloured scarf, remembered Sherlock’s wilted posture from the night before. He shook his head.
But Daddy did make it better. He sucked John’s cock down like an ice lolly and fucked his throat viciously on it, gagging and drooling, until John shouted, arching his hips off the chair and digging his feet into the lino.
But once she’s finished speaking, Molly stands from her stool as though the conversation is over, so Sherlock swallows it all and stands as well, gathering his coat more tightly around himself.
Stupid. Sherlock, who always became bored by the sensation of being penetrated, had forgotten that possibility entirely. But now she circled her index finger slowly around John’s entrance, feeling how needy and hungry it was. It quivered at Sherlock’s touch, so empty and desperate to be filled.
The bruises bloom slowly on John’s skin. When Sherlock switches to John’s other side, he leaves behind two bright pink mouth-shaped blotches, and when he returns, he finds both have darkened to a deep red. He kisses them both, laves them gently, worships them much like he worships John’s scar, and when he pulls back again, one seems to have gained an almost purplish tinge.
The rest of dinner was largely uneventful, marked by long, surprisingly unawkward silences and Sherlock fidgeting ceaselessly in his chair. Occasionally, his knee would knock against John’s beneath the table, and once or twice he trod quite painfully on John’s foot. Each time, he apologised profusely, his cheeks flushing pink and his eyes growing wide as saucers.
When she returned to the living room, John was gone. She trailed through the flat, looking for him, and eventually found him huddled beneath the bed with Sherlock. Or rather, Sherlock was huddled while John lay behind him, licking vigorously at the soft tufts of fur around Sherlock’s ears.
Then, on a whim, he stretched out his legs and snapped a photo of the shoes still on his feet, which he sent along with the text.
As he passed behind Sherlock on his way to the sitting room, he paused briefly and patted Sherlock’s shoulder. Sherlock nearly jumped out of his skin at the unexpected—and completely unprecedented—physical contact, especially when it was followed by a playful ruffle of his hair. The touch seemed to linger half a second too long—
texted him that he stopped dead on the pavement and stared stupidly at the message on his mobile screen.
I haven’t been gaming much either. I tried to play Caranguard earlier tonight, but I couldn’t remember what I’d been doing the last time I played except that I was in a cave and in the middle of the quest. Kept dying too. Eventually I just turned it off.
Eventually, John abandoned his cock, although it still twitched uselessly against Sherlock’s belly. His sobs grew deeper, and his limbs shook in their restraints like bits of glass in an earthquake.
You wouldn’t have heard of a consulting detective before because I’m the only one in the world. I invented the job. When the police are out of their depth—which is always—they come to me. I examine the evidence, question suspects and witnesses, and inevitably observe things that everyone else has overlooked.
Sherlock spent the rest of the afternoon scouring the house, examining everything from the carpet to the ceiling. He fished his magnifier from his coat pocket and crawled about the floor, inspecting scuff marks and bits of dust.
Owing mostly to the fact that some years ago, he deleted the details of them to make room for a comprehensive knowledge of nanotechnology. He kept only enough to verify that yes he had had different types of sex with various people of different genders and that no he hadn’t found any of the encounters particularly noteworthy.
John wasn’t even sure about that. “Interesting” could mean a lot of things John wasn’t keen on. He let a sigh communicate his disagreement.
“I’m making you uncomfortable,” said Sherlock. “Sorry.” Glancing down, he began gathering all the documents he’d spread about the carpet but hadn’t passed to John—other crime scene photos, printouts of emails and messages on the fetish site, some other things John hadn’t identified—and stuffing them back into the folder. “So that was how I solved it. Did that answer your question?”
“No!” He practically shouted it, startling both John and himself. More quietly but no less urgently, he said, “I’ve got it.”
The floor. Sherlock very nearly curled his lip in distaste. Dirty, uncomfortable, lacking the associations of a bed. Although… discomfort meant tossing and turning, opportunities to shift closer. Not to mention the sight of John’s skin in the firelight.
Faux leather. Adjustable straps. Buckles showing signs of wear. Long-dried smear of lubricant near the O-ring. It had been used. Had John simply tolerated the experience or—no, no, of course not. He’d kept it; he’d enjoyed it. Bending over and holding himself open, or maybe lying on his back with his legs up, or—
He lifts himself to his forearms and scoots backwards, propping himself up against the arm of the sofa before he reaches for John, who comes easily. Sits between Sherlock’s bent knees and lifts both Sherlock’s hands so he can kiss each knuckle. Ever obliging, ever affectionate.
“Why is it right up my street?” said Sherlock. He snapped the gloves dramatically and knelt down beside the body. What was left of the body, anyway. A vaguely human-shaped mass of bones, torn flesh, and organs that had clearly been ripped open and gnawed on.
It feels considerably more whorish this way, like he is nothing but a toy for John’s enjoyment, and surprisingly, the sensation is far from unpleasant. Sherlock fights the urge to whimper, and buries his face in his forearms.
Sherlock’s fingers shoved deeper, gliding past John’s prostate before they curled, putting pressure on entirely the wrong place. Probably on purpose, the manipulative git. John couldn’t help but move, rocking and swiveling his hips until Sherlock’s fingertips were pressing right on his sweet spot, and once he’d started he found that he couldn’t stop.
John thought it when he first glimpsed Sherlock in the crowded Indian restaurant, but it wasn’t until he was seated across from him at a tiny two-person table that he finally gave in and asked, “Is your shirt
Molly is pleased to see him. She always is, of course. Her admiration has long since abated to something of a more platonic nature, but still she glows when she catches sight of him across the lab and sets her scalpel down so eagerly it makes a clanging noise and nearly rolls onto the floor.
Sherlock nearly fell forwards onto his face in his haste to crawl closer, to insinuate himself behind John and insist, “Let me. I’ll do it. Let—”
But there was also the fact that Sherlock was a great deal more chatty than Mycroft. Mrs Hudson thought sometimes that he meowed simply to hear himself talk, as he took to spending his afternoons and some of his evenings sprawled across her sofa, rolling from one side to the other, making happy little
“Christ.” There was a gentle touch to Sherlock’s inner thigh, then an outwards push, and Sherlock spread his legs obediently. “You… gave the pillow a good rogering, did you?”
Sherlock can’t see his face from this position, but from his tone, he suspects John’s expression is one of horror with just a tinge of awe. Similar to the way John looks at a particularly gruesome crime scene by a particularly clever criminal.
By the time that they broke apart, John was panting and clutching at Sherlock’s sleeves. The fabric was so soft and silky—probably was silk, actually—that John didn’t bother to resist the urge to rub his palms against it, which made Sherlock smile.
of discontent. The one time she’d tried to do the same to Sherlock, he’d become such a squirming, biting, scratching ball of fluffed-up fur that Mrs Hudson had let him go and didn’t dare try again.
There was a sudden sound of footsteps approaching rapidly on the pavement outside, followed by a whish and slam of the front door. Speak of the devil.
Realising that she’d closed her eyes to better appreciate the taste, Sherlock opened them again and blinked at John’s hesitant expression. She felt dazed, as little flickers of almost painful warmth washed through her cunt.
When he lowered the glass, he found Sherlock staring at him and licking a thick streak of red from his thumb. He must’ve stuck it into the open bag he was still holding and gathered a bit of blood.
A groan rose in Sherlock’s throat, and a sudden, hot shock of arousal coursed through her as John dragged her middle finger through her own wetness, then used it to get her clit nice and slick. Her fingertip made a soft wet noise as it slipped easily across the hard little nub, the perfect complement to the sound of the toy in her pussy.
poor-quality leather. For someone who walks with a limp, even a psychosomatic one, it’s imperative to have proper-fitting shoes. So I’ve bought you a pair.”
“The, erm. The bathroom.” John recalled the feeling of being pinned, defenceless. More than just ‘paranoia,’ that.
“It’s okay,” John told him, the words falling from his mouth in a breathless rush. “I’m here. I’ve got you.”
He hears a floorboard in the hallway creak, followed by the approaching sound of claws catching on fibres and a massive weight padding across the carpet.
The very next day, in fact. The BlackBerry began to buzz just past two in the afternoon, when John was folding his laundry.
The box had been wedged into the very back corner, hidden by a jumble of half-folded, half-wadded-up socks so utterly disordered that Sherlock was driven mad by simply the knowledge that it existed. But, offensively disorganised though John’s sock drawer was, he’d never found anything hidden in it before.
He goes to sleep with dark reddish blotches, and he wakes to varying shades of blue and violet and obvious indentations of human teeth that are very nearly black in colour.
like she’d said the other night; she only covered her vulva with her hand and dug her palm downwards, exerting a pressure that must’ve felt exquisite, since she went sloe-eyed and managed a breathy sob. Her hips bucked weakly, and her breasts bounced.
And then Sherlock is quite suddenly on his back on the floor, his shoulder blades aching dully, and John is following him, crawling between his bent knees.
“You’re an idiot,” John says calmly. “You’re actually the biggest idiot I’ve ever met because you know
It wasn’t the last response that John expected, considering what he knew about Sherlock, but he was still taken aback. “You brought a folder of case notes to get coffee?”
Sherlock’s eyes are squeezed shut, trying to stop himself from tearing up as he gags—it’s the angle, John’s prick against the back of his throat triggering one laryngeal spasm after another—but the tears gather at the corner of his eyes despite his efforts and dribble down his cheeks. His nose runs. His lips and chin are soaked in drool. He is a mess.
Sherlock, originates there. If Sherlock could, he would peel back the bone and tissue that contains it and kiss it, worship it, thank it for enabling John’s attachment to him—for allowing Sherlock to have this.
He can hear the tangled thread of emotion in his voice. The memory is surprisingly raw, considering Mary wasn’t
John’s prick was long. Thick as well, but it was always the length that affected Sherlock most. When John was inside him, it always seemed to Sherlock like if he put his hand on his stomach he would feel the outline of John’s cock through his skin.
“Some bloke shredded his arm on broken glass. I didn’t ask how,” John said. One by one, each envelope was tossed into a pile on the coffee table. All unimportant, then. “He and his mates were properly pissed—it wasn’t quite noon at this point, mind—and they’d decided to drag him down the street to the nearest GP instead of taking him to the A&E. So I had the glorious task of preventing him from bleeding out in the waiting area until the ambulance arrived.”
“Exactly what I’ve been doing with it for the past week, I imagine: store it in 221C until one of us decides to make use of it.”
“It’s all right,” John continues. His voice is soft, featherlike, and his fingers toy with Sherlock’s curls. “Just keep this on for a bit, sweetheart.”
All the oxygen might’ve been sucked from the room, for how difficult it suddenly is to breathe without gasping desperately and clawing at his chest in panic. Sherlock considers himself largely ignorant of the language of intimate relationships, but even he knows those words herald disaster.
It seems your sister has at least one thing in common with my brother. He sneers at me regularly for having such a ‘childish hobby’. I ignore him and would advise you to similarly ignore your sister. It’s neither pathetic nor embarrassing to enjoy something that strengthens several cognitive skills such as spatial navigation and memory, reduces anxiety, and—perhaps most importantly—hurts no one. My brother, and perhaps your sister as well, certainly can’t say the same.
Although John would almost certainly never allow it. The one time when the subject had been broached—specifically, when Sherlock had wanted photographic evidence of John in Sherlock’s unfastened dressing gown with her legs spread, displaying a spattering of hickeys and bite marks on her thick lovely thighs and breasts—John had protested quite adamantly.
would probably be more accurate. After an hour of browsing users and groups, followed by a day or two of sending messages without receiving any responses, John had stopped bothering.
Then Lestrade clears his throat and steps forwards, ducking his head so he can ask in an undertone, “Just for my own peace of mind… all consensual, yeah?”
John started and the woman whirled around, and there was Sherlock—striding briskly from the house towards them. He was glowing, his mouth stretched wide in a smile that lit him up like a shower of sparks. He looked gorgeous. John was breathless at just the sight of him.
The house was silent and had been since he’d got back from Baker Street. For several minutes, he listened to the quiet, watching Rosie, counting his own breaths to avoid thinking too hard about…anything, really.
John wasn’t anywhere near orgasm, except that then suddenly she was. She squeezed her eyes shut, sank her teeth into Sherlock’s palm, and ground down on Sherlock’s hand until she came. Without the build-up she was used to, it was a bit of a pitiful little thing, just a weak throbbing sensation in her cunt and a flare of pleasure that dulled too quickly, but she savoured it all the same.
John hissed, his expression contorting as his legs stretched out. “Damn. Must’ve had them bent too long. Could you—”
Fortunately, John had used the scissors just that morning and thus knew precisely where they were. Probably not the ideal tool for cutting through rope, but they would work in a pinch. John retrieved them from the desk drawer and carried them back to the bedroom.
John might’ve kneed Sherlock in the diaphragm for how he gasped and trembled, leaning into John’s palms and closing his eyes, overcome. Arousal, which had been slowly uncoiling in John’s body, shot suddenly to his prick, which began to stiffen.
favours. No. Six favours to be called in later, four little errands that he made up on the spot to keep me busy for an afternoon.”
“A bit sad, wasn’t it?” John says, jarring Sherlock unpleasantly from his thoughts. “The case, that is.”
“Obviously.” Sherlock’s tone was breathless, but he couldn’t bring himself to care any longer what an idiot he was. Not when John was presenting himself like this.
John waited to reply until he’d finished his coffee, as well as a full English breakfast, and then returned to the flat. He didn’t even bother to take off his shoes before he sat on the bed with the BlackBerry in one hand, Harry’s phone still buried in his coat pocket, and tried to think of what to say.
John thought that ‘love’ was a stronger word than the situation warranted, but said nothing about it. “Okay. So… there was a corpse back there?”
“Okay,” John cut in, and now he couldn’t help but laugh, which rather than offend Sherlock actually seemed to delight him. The table wobbled and shook even more. “Okay, that’s…. Thanks. I’ll look over this, um, later, I suppose.” He refolded the paper and then, at a loss for what to do with his hands, scooted his water glass closer towards him. “What’s your family like?”
John takes a sip of tea, then returns to balancing the mug on his thigh. Gripping it like he would a glass of whisky. Subconsciously longing for a drink, dear
It makes sense, he supposes. John values his privacy. John strays from anything too personal or sensitive in his blog. Sherlock hardly expects a long-winded emotional outpouring or pornographic musings.
John snorted, picturing Sherlock—or anyone, really—using maths to shop for sex toys. The BlackBerry chimed again.
If Sherlock made him explain in detail what had happened, John wasn’t certain he’d be able to answer truthfully.
“Yes,” he says. Realises a second too late that John’s not asked a question to which “yes” is an appropriate response.
—and if John ever met that person, she wouldn’t be held responsible for her actions—but had there been more?
Sherlock had chosen a little two-person table in the centre of the coffeehouse, just beneath one of the dimly lit overhead lights. He’d unravelled his scarf and was unbuttoning his coat as John approached. But rather than immediately removing it, he reached inside and pulled out a thick manila folder, which he slapped in the middle of the table. It was so heavy that it thunked loudly against the wood.
John’s shoulders slump, making him appear even smaller. Sherlock is reminded vaguely of a centuries-old skeleton crumbling under the lightest touch. He opens his mouth to say anything—something clever, something encouraging—but what comes out is “You’re hardly on your own. You’ve got me.”
Eventually, she realised she had let the phone drift from her mouth and buried her face in her pillow. If Sherlock could hear anything any longer, it was only the scratching of the fabric against the receiver. John hastily lifted her head again and mumbled, “Sorry, sorry.”
Of course, he’d asked himself the same question about the Army more than once while he was in Afghanistan, and he didn’t regret that at all.
Sex becomes an exercise in worshipping it. When he gets John’s shirt off, Sherlock likes to climb on top of him and kiss the scar, run his tongue over the damaged skin, and suck gently at the raised scar tissue, colouring it an angry pink.
And suddenly Sherlock’s heart feels as though it is throwing itself again and again against his sternum like a moth against a lightbulb. Hastily, almost blind with panic, he rises and moves until he can bring his mouth to John’s prick and suck sweetly at the head.
There was a soft noise like glass being ground to bits. Sherlock blinked and realised she’d turned the knob on her microscope too far and rammed the objective lens into the slide she was meant to be focusing on.
I’m not just keeping you around because you’re convenient or useful. You’re probably the least convenient thing in my life actually.
Sherlock never thought he could have this: John in his bed, drowsing contentedly only inches away, as though there’s never been any question that he belongs here.
“I’m not really an expert. But sure, that sounds right. I can be sunning myself on a rock while you’re behind me building a bloated lizard corpse out of leaves.”
the echo of them. His hole gaped a little; the muscles tried to tighten around nothing. But it was barely a second before he was being filled with the plug again. Not as warm, not as alive as John’s fingers, and the shape (straight and tapered at the end) meant it didn’t massage his prostate, but still it was an acceptable substitute. Sherlock clenched around it and rolled his hips, tried to make it fuck him, and groaned in disappointment when it only bobbed from one angle to another.
“[laughing] Don’t treat me like a moron, you prat. Just because I haven’t played enough video games to write guides about them doesn’t mean I’ve no idea what I’m doing. You do what you need to do, and then let’s go.”
“Shh,” Sherlock said, backing her up against the wall so she could crush their bodies together and loom over John. Her gaze was hot, with the same sort of intensity she usually reserved for corpses and severed body parts, except that now there was an edge of hunger to it. She looked quite capable of devouring John alive.
John couldn’t suck them into his mouth fast enough. The gore on John’s face had grown cold and partly dry, but the taste still made his thoughts go fuzzy and his vision dim. He licked the skin clean, gnawed gently at Sherlock’s nails to free the flakes of dried blood beneath them, and then just hollowed his cheeks, curled his tongue, and sucked.
With a smile, John bends forwards and—ah, yes—kisses him. Softly, though: barely a brush of his lips against Sherlock’s.
. Look!” Sherlock brandished the phone, waving it excitedly at John. “Throat slit post-mortem. Position of the body. And look! Her hand—she was holding something when rigour mortis set in.”
Bored and impatient. Words John would’ve used to describe Sherlock, not herself, but John didn’t argue. Hadn’t she just been thinking how similar they were?
“Probably couldn’t remember it all off the top of my head anyway. [teasingly] Just you being a twat about grammar and that bloody Caranguard quest, as usual.”
Sherlock hauled the folder closer to himself, smoothing his hand over the front and drawing John’s attention to the scribblings there.
and a stream of nonsense spilled from her lips: “My pretty girl, my sweetheart, my John. That’s it, my good girl, make yourself come.”
But Sherlock had accurately guessed John’s shoe size from one photograph and a glimpse from a first-floor window of John on the pavement below. That he should get a simple t-shirt size wrong was unthinkable, even if he hadn’t seen the shirt in person first.
Sitting on the sofa, his bare feet on the coffee table in front of him, he was reading a women’s magazine. Or, rather, the magazine was open in front of him, its cover on full display, although he hadn’t read a word of it. John would assume he was reading it, however, and would attribute Sherlock’s question to its contents.
His voice was gruff in a way Sherlock had never heard before when he asked, “How’s your refractory period?”
Oh I see, so you didn’t mean to have police backup after all then? Brilliant. You lying berk. Sorry the case has turned out to be dull (?). It sounds loads more exciting than anything I’ve done in years though, so you’ll understand if my sympathy is a bit limited. Especially since you’re not even trying to pretend you didn’t lie about the police.
‘Will you be having me over the arm of the sofa?’ John wanted to say cheekily, but no—dead woman, serial killer, not the time. He let it go.
It felt awkward, and one knee popped loudly as he put his weight on it. He chuckled, ducking his head.
“Well, there’s also the obvious, of course,” Sherlock said. He strode towards them, and although Mike stumbled hastily away, John stayed where he was. He got a strong, dizzying whiff of cologne and copper as Sherlock squeezed past to grab his coat. “I tend to respond… poorly, shall we say, to activities that significantly alter the human heartbeat. Exercise, sexual activity, nightmares....”
Speaking of, I’ve fallen asleep twice already today. Probably shouldn’t have stayed at yours as long as I did.
And just like that, the tension spilled from Sherlock’s body like water from a broken dam. He relaxed into the restraints and tipped his head back with a deep, throaty moan and just let himself be fucked.
She remembered Victor, covered from fingertips to elbows in lubricant, both hands cramping and trembling, saying with no small amount of incredulity,
“It’s not the buying you things that gets me off,” Sherlock said. His chest was actually heaving a bit now. “It’s the, the—”
Anyway, you seem close to your parents or at least not as at odds with them as you are with your brother. That’s good.
Sherlock examined them like they were the most interesting pieces of evidence he’d ever encountered. Poking at them, squinting at them through his magnifying glass, even sniffing at them.
John woke hungry, sprawled atop Sherlock’s stained and wrecked bedsheets with his head on Sherlock’s chest and one of Sherlock’s arms around his lower back. The room smelt obscenely of blood and come, and he could hear the rats in the kitchen still skittering in the cardboard box and Mrs Hudson downstairs in her own kitchen doing the washing-up and humming softly to herself.
But it would feel good. John knew that. Eventually, when his body was used to the sensation and his mind more open to interpreting it as something other than just
The information to the right of the photo revealed that 071411120418—or SH, John supposed—was 33 years old and male and lived in London, although all the other fields—orientation, relationship status, and so on—were missing. SH hadn’t listed any fetishes or joined any groups, but he had written something under the “About me” section:
John pauses, his gaze shrewd, as though he expects Sherlock to deny it. Sherlock has no intention of doing so, however, and as the silence lingers, John’s eyes soften before he continues.
That certainly brought John up short. He leaned away, hoping his expression conveyed how very, very unimpressed he was.
Sherlock, sitting straight-backed in his armchair, didn’t even glance at him. “Your typing method is off-putting as well.”
Therefore: John had stood in this flat, possibly stood in Sherlock’s presence even, and wanted it. While he’d been cooking pasta or watching telly, he’d been craving the stretch of something hard and slick up his bum and thinking about how he could get it.
, balanced herself on one arm so she could use the other to swat Sherlock’s hands away and reach between her thighs. “The way you look at me.”
“Good,” said John. “I’m glad.” He kissed Sherlock’s hip, followed by his lower back, just above his bottom. “The sounds you make are… god, you’re gorgeous. Still want more?”
“Hm,” John said. He sounded less enthused than Sherlock would’ve liked, but he knew that would come later. John was often several steps behind Sherlock, after all. “Maybe you’ll get your crucifixion after all.”
Sherlock rolls to face John, clamping down on the urge to hiss and flinch when the movement irritates the fresh scratches on his back. He thinks determinedly of his cock in John’s arse, how John goes utterly silent when Sherlock fucks him, just stares into Sherlock’s face with the same expression he wore during their very first case, all those years ago, like Sherlock was doing something rare and awe-inspiring when Sherlock was merely being his ridiculous, arrogant self.
He was carrying the laundry basket one-handed through the living room, towards Rosie’s bedroom, when he paused near the telly. “Is this the remote?”
“That sounds doable,” says John. “I want to look up a few things first, mind, and then talk about it a bit more, but… yeah, doable.”
No, Sherlock had probably never done anything subtly in his life. Amused, John began to ask what sort of case Sherlock had in mind, but his thoughts were derailed when one of Sherlock’s roaming hands found the scar on John’s left shoulder and prodded curiously at the gnarled flesh.
Sherlock gave up his lighthearted fighting and sagged against John, sighing happily. John would ask him soon. He needed only be patient.
Sherlock bristled. The implication that he’d done something wrong when he’d tried to be so patient, so understanding— “Well, you were wrong, obviously. I was waiting for you to rise to the occasion. If I’d wanted to ‘toss it’ at you the moment you walked in the door and tell you to get on with it and wait for you to finish commenting on the maggots—”
Because Sherlock has never failed John as spectacularly as he did with Mary. Countless indications of Mary’s true identity missed because Sherlock refused to let himself fully deduce her. He didn’t want to see her flaws and all the bits of her that didn’t line up perfectly with John, to fixate on them, and to live with the knowledge that John was marrying someone flawed who didn’t suit him as well as Sherlock.
It never ceased to amaze him, how well-suited they were. In their thriving on danger, their distaste for the ordinary, their craving for each other’s attention.
Cowardly and selfish. He’d stared at Mary, the gun in her hand, and hated himself fiercely for failing John when John needed him most.
scar, Sherlock is beginning to think of it as, which is irrational. It is John’s body, John’s traumatic injury, no matter how Sherlock wishes he could lay claim to it. No matter how he wishes there were nothing in John’s life that Sherlock didn’t share.
“Poltergeists are supposed to haunt people, not—” The words left him as he glanced toward the house. The fire had caught. He could see the flames in the living room through the window.
“Thank you.” As Sherlock accepted the phone, his gaze flitted over John from head to foot. He was pleased by what he saw, judging by his little smirk. “You’re wearing the jumper I bought.”
Before she could contemplate any further, John flopped onto her back and kicked off the covers, baring the full length of her nude body. Sherlock’s throat went dry. Thick, muscled thighs, wide hips, dimples on her upper thighs. Her light-coloured pubic hair had been trimmed close to the skin; someone less observant than Sherlock might have assumed it was stubble grown back after a shave.
“What are the criminal classes of London coming to?” John said it perfectly plain-faced, but he was teasing. The glimmer of amusement in his eyes indicated as much.
I’m frustrated with Caranguard at the moment. I was working on the quest called The Side of Angels, but I got stuck trying to clear Reichenbach Falls. There might’ve been shouting. I’ve had to put it away for a few days.
“I must say, you’re adjusting remarkably well,” Mrs Hudson said, sitting across the kitchen table from John. “Is it not very different? Being—” She gestured vaguely in the air. “—like that?”
He loved Greg and Molly’s flat too. The moment Mrs Hudson set him down, Sherlock was trotting across the room and sniffing the rug, dashing beneath the long billowing curtains, rubbing himself against the sofa, batting at the laces of Greg’s shoes.
Sherlock refused to let her eyes widen, although her surprise was considerable. The cheeky comment, the flirty smile….
“Was all of this really necessary?” he asks Sherlock, who stands behind him in the loo, watching him clean the wounds on his shoulder with pleased, half-lidded eyes. As the damp flannel in John’s hand flakes away the blood crusted around fresh teeth marks and claw marks, Sherlock practically purrs with delight.
Right. John shoved the phone and the watch away, taking deep breaths. He’d been right. This had clearly got out of hand. Sherlock was enamoured of him and spending a frankly alarming amount of money on him. He hadn’t met John, didn’t know a thing about John, really, and by accepting it all, John was leading him on. Letting Sherlock think that he was worth it, that what he could offer Sherlock was in any way comparable to the obscene amount of money that Sherlock had spent on him. Nothing that John had done, nor probably would ever do—not the photographs or the texts, not the random bits of conversation—would be enough.
Then Sherlock moaned long and deep, the sound rumbling through John’s prick, and John’s inhibitions were lost. Grunting, he plunged his cock down Sherlock’s throat and shoved back onto Sherlock’s fingers again and again, until his thighs were burning and shaking and his balls began to draw up. Coherent thought abandoned him, leaving behind nothing but fragments.
It was a bit of a fib. It was true enough that the pet area of the shop, which hadn’t had an especially impressive selection to begin with, had been quite sparse during Mrs Hudson’s second visit. Owing, she supposed, to the coming holiday and the number of Londoners keen for a reason to dress up their pets in silly costumes. Still, she’d managed to scrounge up a few options, including what she thought was meant to be a fairy costume (there were sparkly purple wings and a tiny taffeta skirt) and a white coat with a printed stethoscope design on the front.
As if Sherlock took anything slow. With a snarl, he snatched John’s wrists and pinned them to the mattress on either side of John’s head. He relished the look of surprise on John’s face, which melted into amusement and then glee as Sherlock dug his nails in.
He was right, John realised belatedly. His legs had gone weak and were trembling violently. They wouldn’t hold his weight much longer. So he let Sherlock guide him away from the worktop and towards the table, where he flopped into a chair and made room for Sherlock between his thighs.
Silence descends then and stretches to the point of being uncomfortable. Sherlock shifts his weight from one foot to the other, thinks that he should return to his computer and delete the entire scene from his memory, but he can’t quite convince himself to move.
Just for my own peace of mind, this wasn’t the thing you suddenly remembered you needed to do was it?
“Oh, Sherlock,” Mycroft says before he can carry on. There is pity dripping from his tone, and his expression—softened, his head inclined faintly—is the one that never fails to make Sherlock feel like a boy again, the idiot to his older brother’s genius. “You don’t even realise what you’re doing, do you?”
Sherlock feels ridiculous, like a schoolboy having to explain his behaviour to the headmistress, but nevertheless, he sits in the stool she gestures him towards and clears his throat, preparing to explain.
The faint scent of steam and aftershave seeped from the crack beneath the bathroom door into Sherlock’s room. It made his chest feel tight. It made him want to slot his head just beneath John’s freshly shaved jaw, his face in John’s smooth throat, his mouth—
It wasn’t at all the sort of answer John had been expecting, and surprised laughter bubbled out of him and echoed on the quiet street. Then, figuring SH might as well know that John had been amused, he sent a quick
“So, I didn’t get any texts from you,” said John. There was no disappointment or reproach in his tone; it was a simple statement of fact.
That might’ve been a bit cruel, John reflected when Sherlock flinched again, looking stung, but… for god’s sake, they could’ve had this sorted
It feels momentous. Like a bomb has dropped, whiting out everything in its path and leaving a faint buzzing in Sherlock’s ears, like that of a single bee in a silent room.
“No,” John said, clinging to his calm. “You’re not getting it. Look, I’m not interested. And beyond that, I’m not whoever you seem to think I am. I’m….”
Sergeant Donovan discovering human eyeballs in the microwave (“It’s an experiment,” Sherlock snapped) and someone called Anderson unearthing a parcel beneath the bed that contained two unopened Fleshlights. (“Put those back.
Scoffing, Sherlock turned her face pointedly away. After watching her a moment, noticing that the tops of her ears had gone pink, John shifted until she was the one with a leg crossed over Sherlock’s and Sherlock’s bum was flat on the chair. Sherlock accepted the change with nothing more than another scoff, more dramatic this time.
“If you want,” John said, still smiling. “Doesn’t really seem like you’re in the mood for it though.”
“A blow over the head or a well-timed shout, yes,” said Sherlock. His shirt off, revealing the pale skin of his chest with its contrasting spattering of dark hair, he started on his zip. “But a kill shot over that distance from a handgun? No. No, that was… very unexpected.”
It was glorious. Sherlock’s lips stretched thin around the girth, the turquoise suckers gleaming and slickened with saliva. John never wanted to stop.
Sherlock had never been able to turn down a good puzzle—certainly not one that affected him personally.
“He gets worse the longer you know him.” Sherlock wrinkled his nose at the pile on the sofa. “What’s all this?”
So John used her. Swiveled her hips and shifted her position until she’d found the right angle and motion (a slick glide up the middle of Sherlock’s tongue, then closer to the edge on the slide back down, Sherlock’s teeth beneath the tip of it providing a hint of pressure that John lingered on before she started again), and then she shucked her inhibitions and rutted until she was slack-jawed and panting, gripping the headboard like a lifeline. Sherlock’s entire frame quivered slightly, and with every snap of John’s hips, she let out a little “unh, unh” (too soft for John to feel the vibrations of her voice, unfortunately).
So Sherlock filled it, slipping two fingers easily inside. She swallowed a whine when John’s muscles immediately clenched around her, savouring her, trying to keep her inside.
Perhaps he did. He and the woman who’d visited that morning, the man who’d come the previous afternoon, the woman before him… all of them, really. They were all simple, stupid creatures continually wounding themselves through problems of their own making.
“What’s got into me,” said Sherlock. “You.” He reached for the bedside table and the bottle of lubricant sitting on top of it. “Or you will do shortly, at any rate. Unless you’ve any objections.”
“No you don’t,” John tells him. His hand in Sherlock’s hair tightens until little pinkish-red spots float in Sherlock’s vision. “Keep your head up. Just like this. I want to hear you when you make yourself come.”
“Maybe a bit. This isn’t helping me put away the shopping, Sherlock.” It was fortunate that John had already put the milk away, as he suspected nothing else would get put away for quite a while.
“And,” John continues, “I can’t do that again. Especially not with you, Sherlock, I just… can’t. I want a healthy relationship. And we… I mean, we can have that, yeah?”
She wondered who else had seen Sherlock like this. There’d been at least one other person, someone who had told her that she was
slow-acting. Contaminated drinking water. Jealous ex-boyfriend, not very smart. Killed the flatmate but not his ex-girlfriend; she drank strictly bottled water and was mostly unharmed.”
“Yes, but I don’t impose them on anyone else.” Mycroft’s gaze flickered downwards, and John had the ridiculous urge to wrap his arms protectively around himself. “His colour’s good, at least. How often have you been feeding him?”
“That is to say,” he added quickly, “that it has recently come to my attention that when two men take up together as we have…. Well, perhaps not exactly—”
She lay down exactly as Sherlock had instructed, keeping the phone pressed to her ear as Sherlock continued to speak.
and kiss Sherlock’s chin when he obeyed, followed by a kiss to his bare shoulder, a nuzzle to his collarbone, and a lick to his jaw.
He takes his hands away and rubs them awkwardly against his thighs. “Apologies. I didn’t realise that I’d… that is, I had no—”
It had already started to clot, actually, but John didn’t mind. It was like the juicy bits in orange juice.
Sherlock stops listening, stepping back and rubbing his temples and struggling to breathe. He needs to sit; he needs to think. One year of “obvious,” when he spent every moment analysing every aspect of John’s behaviour from every possible angle and found evidence of nothing but platonic admiration and the occasional stray sexual thought and masturbatory fantasy? What did he miss? He must’ve missed something, and how long has he been missing it, and for god’s sake,
Without a word, she removed the sock on her right foot, ensured there was no lingering lint or pilling from the black cotton, then extended her leg so that John could grasp her ankle and bring Sherlock’s foot to her lap.
,” John said. His head dropped, his nape extending and a bead of sweat dribbling down the length. “Oh that—”
. It felt like slogging through waist-deep rushing water to open his mouth and speak, but if John expected it of him, if Sherlock wanted to be good for John—
From its unremarkable appearance, as well as Sherlock’s comment about not being able to return it, John thought he knew what he would find inside, and opening it confirmed his suspicion. He dumped the contents onto his bed and fetched the BlackBerry to text Sherlock.
“Of course.” Sherlock wills his muscles to relax and is relieved when they acquiesce, falling limp and allowing his skin to mould itself to the tarpaulin. “I’m fine.”
It was as effective as a punch to the throat. Sherlock could scarcely breathe, much less speak, and even swallowing seemed a challenge. John knew him so well it was equal parts alarming and thrilling.
Sherlock sucked him until he was soft, gently easing John’s hips back to the chair and then pillowing his arse with a hand on either cheek. He looked utterly debauched, his hair dishevelled and his face smeared with not only saliva but now come as well. John ran his forefinger through the mess on Sherlock’s chin and offered it for Sherlock to lick clean.
“Now and then, yes. I suppose we could find somewhere else if you’d rather. There’s a café just over there.”
John’s calm splintered into shards at the implication that he was naïve enough to fall into anyone’s trap, and he reared back, fists clenching. “Oi! He wanted me to take his money and agree to spy on you, you cock.”
John lowered her phone, frowning. A shit date, a bizarre and invasive flatmate, two spectacular orgasms, and she had no idea what to make of any of it.
For John to trust someone so much…. Sherlock can imagine nothing he wouldn’t do for the pleasure of that.
“Well,” Tina added after a moment, “Jennifer and me and the arsehole who showed up at the beginning.”
Interesting cases are ones in which the police are completely baffled. Locked-room murders are always a favourite, as are any other cases where the criminal has been particularly clever. If you think of a case as a crossword puzzle, then I prefer the ones with the least number of letters already filled in and no one else’s scribblings to impede my work.
Mycroft peered at John as though he was trying to decide whether it was worth the trouble of squashing him like an insect. John glanced at Sherlock, whose little smirk had grown to a grin so wide it seemed to split his face in two. A puff of pride warmed John’s chest, and he fought a grin of his own.
“I haven’t—” Sherlock says, opening his eyes again. But no, he can hardly say he hasn’t lied, can he? “I’m not—” But no, neither can he say he’s not like Mary. Isn’t John telling him right now that he is?
Your’e a good person you know. I’m a ducking mess but you’re brilliant and gorgeous and funny and you know exactly who you are and what you want.
The last time John had paid any attention to the periodic table of elements had been at uni, but he’d memorised it then and still remembered enough of it that he felt confident enough to respond,
John inhales shakily and takes a single step backwards, looking away. “Okay,” he tells the wall. “Okay, we… god, you haven’t even taken your coat off. Look, I’m… I’m going to make tea, because I think we could both use some tea, and then we’re finally going to get this sorted. So. Just take off your coat, sit down, and I’ll… I’ll be back in a tick, all right?”
“Case?” John asks, standing in the kitchen threshold while Sherlock buttons his coat and arranges his scarf around his neck.
Sherlock huffed as though his patience was being tried terribly. “Hunger comes after thirst. It—ugh, never mind. You’ll know it when you experience it.”
The expression of distaste, which had faded as Sherlock spoke about his parents, returned and deepened. “One older brother, Mycroft. A pompous, interfering ass, but occasionally useful to have around. Like Mrs Hudson, he’s very, mm…
“Manipulative git,” he said aloud, and received a toothy self-satisfied grin when he slid off Sherlock’s lap so he could take off his trousers.
Besides, Sherlock was being more puppy-like than kitten-like now: half in John’s lap and licking his cheek, his chin, his jaw, even his throat, which made John’s breath catch and his fingers twitch. But if John wanted to see him as a cat tonight, then Sherlock supposed he would be a cat.
I’ve just accepted a case this morning, so with any luck I'll have little time or focus for video games. Don’t be alarmed if I stop responding for a bit.
It felt like pressure, like an utterly indescribable throb of sensation. Sherlock wrenched the sheets and moaned and thought he never wanted it to stop.
“Ohh look at you,” she said, clasping her hands in delight. “What a handsome soldier you make. I’ll just grab the camera—”
John expects him to “drop,” Sherlock knows. Which means he intends to provide Sherlock with extensive “aftercare,” and the promise of further “sweetheart”s and “love”s and coddling convinces Sherlock to be patient.
John approaches with a steaming mug, which Sherlock accepts and then holds gingerly while John drags over the little end table for him to set it on. Sherlock promptly does so, fully intending to let it sit until it’s cooled to the point of being undrinkable.
It made John very, very aware of how useless he was, standing off to the side while Sherlock flitted about the place, darting between three bodies in various stages of decay (each of which was nude and male and had been transferred to a gurney to be hauled off) and kneeling down and occasionally blurting out seemingly random observations—in short, ignoring John entirely.
Rosie has tired of Sherlock’s dressing gown and begins to wiggle and fuss again, working up to a proper cry. On a whim, Sherlock offers her his index finger and, again, is pleasantly surprised when she is obligingly distracted and grabs it with both hands. He allows her to yank it to her mouth and close her lips around the tip, gnawing at it with her gums. She seems puzzled at first, but gradually grows calm and half-lidded.
Molly meets his gaze almost defiantly, raising one eyebrow. “Be that as it may, I’m still glad you and he are together again.” A moment later, she blanches and winces, jostling Rosie who makes a sleepy noise of protest. “I mean… not ‘together’ like…. Not that there’s anything wrong with that! I’d be glad of that as well, to be honest. You and John—”
Sherlock hears them in the kitchen, cupboards opening and shutting and John whispering “Please, just—” and “I know, hang on—” and Rosie making hiccoughing sobs between furious yells. Eventually the noises recede slightly, moving to the living room. Sherlock finds himself pressing his ear to his closed door, listening for John’s voice under Rosie’s shouts.
Sherlock’s throat bobbed, and her tongue peeked out to wet her lips. It took her several seconds to answer. “Yes, but—” Another throat bob. As John’s fingers trailed lower, towards where John was seated on her knees, Sherlock’s head tipped back and her hands jerked feebly at the handcuffs. “Yes. Yes to both. Stop.”
Sherlock pays little attention to what follows, as he’s seen it enough times already. Rosie will examine one toy at a time, lifting each to her face and peering at it, shaking it, tasting it, and then she will set it back in its place and pick up the next in the line.
Sherlock shakes away his stupor and stands, nearly knocking over his chair in his enthusiasm. “You’ll want to continue in the bedroom, I assume?”
The pain builds, until finally it begins to feel his back is on fire. Like a carmine stain, everything becomes red-tinged and sharp. He’s aware of every wrinkle on the duvet beneath him, every millimetre of skin John touches, every time John’s nails slip and skid, every pained little cry that comes from his own mouth and how each one makes John’s hips twitch and his breathing stutter.
That was ominous, wasn’t it? What couldn’t be returned after you’d bought it? Food? Something from a dodgy shop? Something with a short expiry date?
“How is it obvious?” said Sherlock. The question was garbled considerably by his half-chewed food, but not enough that it was incomprehensible.
Sometime later, he heard John’s voice murmuring “Hey,” and he jerked awake to find John sitting on his haunches beside him. John’s bedsheets and quilts had been folded and piled atop the pillow, and John was dressed, freshly shaved, a bit of dried toothpaste at the corner of his mouth. He’d been up for some time, apparently. He must have been extraordinarily quiet for Sherlock to sleep through it.
that the sight of John injured by Sherlock doesn’t inspire horror or regret, but satisfaction that runs as deep as the Thames. In fact, he should apologise for scratching John, however inadvertent it had been. That’s what normal people do, isn’t it? Apologise when they’ve hurt someone?
He went to it. The sensation of his dressing gown, swishing and swaying impressively, was suddenly unbearable. He shrugged it off and left it in the kitchen where it fell.
John wouldn’t have thought it possible for Sherlock to look even more pleased, but it evidently was. He fairly glowed at the question.
Panic. Like a harpoon through his stomach, a tight metal chain wound round and round his ribcage. Of course Mycroft went to John. Sherlock even knew that he would, although he never saw any sign of it. Because Mycroft is stupidly clever, of course, and remarkably adept at subterfuge when he wants to be.
It wasn’t comfortable. John’s height meant that Sherlock had to simultaneously hunch and stretch, and any thrusting motions she attempted were ruined by John’s incessant
He debated his response, pacing back and forth and staring down at the floor, for what seemed like ages, until he finally settled on the simplest, safest reply.
John’s unfailing loyalty is, in Sherlock’s estimation at least, among his most notable qualities. Of course the idea of a person cheating on their spouse is upsetting to him. Offensive to his very solid moral principle. If his marriage to Mary were any indication, John himself would remain faithful no matter how dysfunctional and unfulfilling the relationship had become.
, and come help me put away the shopping.” On a whim, he went a step further and stuck out his lower lip in a pout. “Please?”
A smile broke through John’s expression of confusion, lighting him up like a constellation. He was lovely. If it were his face in the night sky, Sherlock thought he’d never have deleted the solar system. It would’ve had its own room in Sherlock’s mind palace.
Sherlock tilted his head, peered up at John through his lashes. He looked wrecked: drying snot and sweat and spit and tears on his face, his chest sticky and come-covered, his eyes wide and pleading. Uncertain, maybe a touch fearful. Looking to John for help—needing John.
He lifted a fat, dead rat to his mouth and bit. If John could still identify the animal—brought upstairs by Mrs Hudson as a sort of snack, no doubt, similar to how she sometimes brought John a sandwich or a plate of biscuits in the afternoons—that meant he’d only just got started. In as little as ten minutes, the rat would be reduced to a gruesome lump of flesh and fur, the dozens of fang marks robbing it of any distinguishing features.
John set the new pair of shoes neatly on the floor and slid into the booth. His knees knocked Sherlock’s beneath the table, and John caught the strong scent of Sherlock’s aftershave. Which was the exact same aftershave that the new pair of shoes smelt of, he realised after he’d inhaled two full breaths of the stuff.
Eventually, John sags to one side, his head rolling and coming to rest on Sherlock’s shoulder, jolting Sherlock from his Mind Palace.
“Exactly what I had in mind. Brilliant sod,” John says with a smile, and again Sherlock has to duck his head to avoid returning it.
Until the next morning, that is, when Sherlock strode into the kitchen while John was doing the washing-up and asked, “Tentacles?”
“I’ve—hang on, what?” Suddenly tense with agitation, John twists his upper body more fully towards Sherlock. “What position? And how did I make it clear?”
If it was possible, Sherlock seemed even more pleased. Giddy, even. His smile took on the sunny sort of glow that John remembered vividly from their first meeting, when Sherlock had been bouncing and nipping at John’s heels like an excited puppy. He stared at John with his head cocked, smiling stupidly, until John finally gave in with a heavy sigh and lifted one foot to Sherlock’s thigh, wondering even as he did so what the hell he was doing because this was certainly not how he’d intended to spend his night.
He made eye contact as he opened his mouth and let the fat, hooded head of John’s cock to rest on his tongue. He stayed there one second, three, six, allowing John to appreciate the visual. (John, a frequent porn consumer, was very very affected by visuals.) John propped himself up on his elbows to watch, and his expression was dark and hungry.
to her when she had John’s bare bottom pressed against her. Her mind palace went dark, coherent thought abandoned her, and her body—treacherous, stupid thing that it was—did whatever it wanted.
He trails his hands over John’s scar, admiring its weblike texture, tastes the sweat dried at John’s nape. Then he spends several minutes tracing an anatomical heart on John’s skin with a fingertip—larger than John’s actual heart and not positioned even remotely correctly, but it hardly matters. It soothes something in him to do it, and to be able to see in the dim light from the hallway how John’s skin dips beneath the weight of his finger, so he can almost believe he is leaving something behind more significant than dead skin cells, oil, and bacteria.
And now evidently 071411120418, whatever sort of username that was meant to be, had a proposal for him. If 071411120418 even was a real user in the first place. Possibly it was only the fetish site version of spam.
“Yes,” John says shortly. “I am a bit. But it’s not helping anything, is it? So I’m just going to….” He sighs, shaking his head, and the fury slowly fades from his expression. After a brief silence, he shifts his weight, leaning forwards in his chair and looking earnest and intent. “Look, here’s the thing about my being aroused. Do you know when you are absolutely, overwhelmingly,
But instead of looking pleased, Sherlock flushed crimson and yanked his hands away so that he could cover his face. “I’m sorry,” he said into his palms, sounding mortified. “I’m so sorry.”
Sherlock noted this and moved on. “Hm. Certainly makes our sex life seem a bit dull in comparison, doesn’t it?”
John was so taken aback that he nearly ran into someone, a teenager just as distracted by his own phone as John was by his. He dodged to one side, murmuring an apology even though the boy still wasn’t paying attention.
“Not at all,” Sherlock murmured. John felt the vibrations against his skin. “It was a long shot anyway. We were mostly passing the time.”
Sherlock is still building the argument in his mind—quickly, stacking large stone atop large stone, hoping the weight will keep it all from toppling even if he hasn’t anything to hold them together—but John shakes his head before he can say anything further.
When John was as unclothed as Sherlock—albeit with a bra beneath her own shirt—she climbed on the bed and straddled Sherlock’s knees, staring down and admiring the long lines of Sherlock’s body. With her arms stretched above her head, her wrists cuffed to John’s old and flimsy wooden headboard, Sherlock’s shirt had ridden up, exposing her navel and her hipbones. The skin was smooth and pale, aside from a long-faded knife wound going diagonally across her right hip that she’d had as long as John had known her.
Sherlock scoffs again, tossing his head and returning to his phone, dismissing the entire conversation.
“Not like that!” Sherlock said quickly. “I—it wasn’t intended as an insult, just a statement of fact!”
John should have said no. Even if Sherlock was just a normal, socially awkward bloke, their… relationship, acquaintanceship, whatever it was, was already so unbalanced John suspected he would never be able to right it. He would always be in Sherlock’s debt.
Nevertheless, it reminds him of Donovan’s and Lestrade’s failure to observe. And now—no John. No need to concern himself with subtlety.
Then John’s right hand is dipping down his lumbar vertebrae and trailing over the healing cuts on his hip. His touch isn’t hard enough to hurt, isn’t hard enough to do anything other than remind Sherlock of them and make him wish he’d argued for something more substantial than three parallel lines.
There was no response, but then again, Sherlock didn’t need one. This was a much, much better idea than burning his skin samples.
John pulled out, sudden and clumsy, and flopped onto his back next to Sherlock, chest heaving and his cock dark red and pulsing like it was about to come, like it was seconds away from shooting all over the sheets.
No, Christ no, this wasn’t enough. John budged Sherlock off her, and although Sherlock gave a soft “hnng” of protest, she let herself be moved so that John could finish what she’d started before: shoving her trousers and knickers off her hips, leaving them bunched at her ankles, and turning around. She planted her hands on the wall and stuck out her bottom.
He didn’t even get out a proper “Hello?” before Sherlock was demanding, “On average, how long would it take a human body to burn completely?”
nice. John fought the urge to raise them to his face and inhale as deeply as possible, while the maybe-owner approached with a steaming cup of coffee and his sandwich and crisps.
As close to a yes as she was going to get, she supposed. She knelt, slowly and gingerly, to the floor and hefted John (who was a touch heavier than she remembered) into her lap. He let out a meow that ended in a squeak.
He’s fairly shouting by the time he stops, and Sherlock is half-shrunken into the armchair, listening to John’s fury rumble through the room like a crack of thunder and waiting for Rosie to jerk awake and add her own anger to the mix.
Mrs Hudson woke every morning to baubles scattered about the flat, some as far as the bedroom and the kitchen. John was even cheeky enough to knock them off the tree and try to play with them right in front of her, sometimes while she was brandishing the spray bottle in clear warning.
was hot. Just a bit, and only in a sexual context. John’s laugh was weaker this time, half moaning. “Right. Okay. You’re, unh, you’re not expecting me to call you Daddy, are you?”
The waiter approached their table then to refill their water glasses. Sherlock let out an “Ah!” as though something else had occurred to him and pulled a small Harrods bag from his coat pocket, which he passed to John.
. And you need the assistance, John. Your shoes are abysmal, and your watch is old, and the quality of your camera is less than ideal.”
It took several attempts with the BlackBerry’s camera to get a decent picture of his own torso that wasn’t blurry, off-centre, or partially obscured by his own arm, but finally he managed. It wasn’t perfect—his outstretched arm was still in the frame, and it was angled more towards his stomach than his chest—but considering he’d simply held the phone out, aimed at himself, and snapped wildly, he thought it was fairly good.
He did, however, wear his old ill-fitting shoes and tucked the new ones beneath one arm. No matter how dinner went, he would return them to Sherlock, he decided, along with the watch and the BlackBerry, both of which were stashed in his coat pocket. He didn’t need them, and he’d done nothing to earn them. So he would get rid of them and be done with it. Perhaps he would even offer to return the money as well—although the deepest, most selfish part of him hoped that Sherlock wouldn’t take him up on that particular offer, as John
“Erm. Well, it’s not a bad way to spend time. Course, it depends quite a lot on who you’re talking to, but—”
A dozen or so police officers tearing Sherlock’s flat apart in a drugs bust. (Sherlock shot John an anxious look and shouted, “I’m
“The flat?” John glanced around, at the bloody wreck of a crime scene and the mutilated and partly eaten corpse in front of him. They couldn’t go back to the flat yet. The police would have to be rung; John would have to be questioned.
John’s expression went stony. Dangerous. Something in Sherlock’s abdomen swooped at the sight. Apparently, no matter the situation, a dangerous John Watson would always excite her. “Who—no, maybe better I don’t know, actually. What do you mean by ‘wired wrong’?”
John knew very well that he should have said ‘Piss off’ or ‘Not on your fucking life, mate,’ something that would clearly and unequivocally communicate ‘NO.’ He was well and truly off his trolley if he said anything else.
Or rather, as was the case today, standing with her back against one of Greg’s filing cabinets while Sherlock was scolded, which wasn’t much better than being scolded herself. In some ways, it was actually worse because John’s hackles rose more quickly when Sherlock was involved, and she tended to grind her teeth, biting back snappish responses, so forcefully that her jaw ached for the rest of the day.
The leather straps dig into his throat and belly, fleetingly enough that his breathing isn’t obstructed, but still often enough that the breeding stand holding him captive, rather than the werewolf pounding him from behind, dominates his attention.
Instead, he draws John back down so he can reach the bit of skin John indicated. He presses his lips gently to it.
Sherlock relaxed immediately, sucking in a deep breath. His eyes lost their manic gleam, and he sat up straight, fussing with his collar and sweeping his hands over his shirt as though brushing off dust.
Once his coat was open, he tossed that over the sofa as well. He was dressed impeccably, of course. A red button-up dress shirt and fitted dark-grey trousers—a far cry from John’s wrinkled pyjama bottoms and ratty T-shirt.
After all, John needs danger. That hypothesis has been proven again and again throughout their friendship, as has the fact that John is drawn to Sherlock because of the danger of his work. But repeated encounters with danger are not “conducive to health.” Therefore, John cannot be seeking the sort of “healthy relationship” implied by the definition of
And how was John meant to respond to that? Especially with Sherlock staring at him as he was. Like John was a patient on the slab, mid-surgery, and every breath, every heartbeat was crucial to monitor. John swallowed thickly and ground his teeth, loath to squirm under the scrutiny.
But Mrs Hudson paid him no mind as she retreated hastily into what John assumed was her own flat, shutting the door firmly behind her. Immediately, Sherlock was taking her place in the entrance. In addition to being more attractive, he was taller than John had imagined, and also a great deal more excitable. He was practically vibrating where he stood, breathing quickly as though he had sprinted a great distance, and his eyes were wide and manic behind the bulky plastic glasses.
. If Sherlock weren’t distracted by something of much greater importance, the phrasing might’ve aroused him all over again.
before it came tumbling out. Too revealing by far, in no small part because it was fuelled by sentiment rather than truth. (Sherlock rather would’ve enjoyed, for instance, drugging and conducting studies on Mycroft.) “—an exception,” he said instead.
When the collar was in place, Sherlock took a photo of himself: a close-up of his throat (his head tilted back to better capture the length of it) with the collar nestled just below his adam’s apple, the bell perfectly centred.
went to the first of a series of shibari workshops in Chelsea.” Resting his elbows on his knees, Sherlock folded his hands beneath his chin. He was still smiling. It hadn’t dimmed at all, in fact. “There was never anyone else aside from you. I was reasonably certain that North London littles was safe, but preferred not to risk the very slight possibility of my being mistaken. I thought that a former Army doctor with an addiction to danger and a tendency to carry an illegal firearm would be capable of handling himself.”
Sherlock squirmed, trying to arch into John’s touch, and growled in frustration when he couldn’t do so. “Just get on with it,” he said. Although it was probably meant to sound commanding, it came out more as a feeble plea.
With a jolt, Sherlock refocuses his attention on John: his greyish-green eyes, his Sherlock-smeared thumb.
Sherlock’s response is a sharp growl, and then his teeth clamp down more savagely on John’s nape. John feels a fat drop of blood trickle down his neck, and fear surges in his gut; his chest tightens, and his heartbeat seems to stutter. Sherlock wouldn’t hurt him, he reminds himself—but he could.
The tree had been knocked over on its side. Several of the baubles had fallen to the floor, and a few were even still rolling from the wreckage when Mrs Hudson flicked on the light.
“Give it here,” he says, and snatches the bottle up next. He shoves the nipple towards her mouth, and she startles, kicking and wriggling before finally giving in and beginning to drink. Immediately, her eyes go half-lidded and she falls still and quiet. “There. Good.”
The doorbell buzzed, making them both start. Rosie recovered first, banging her tray and grabbing again for the spoon, which John set in the cereal bowl on the table well out of her reach.
Sherlock went still. Utterly, eerily still, like a non-vampire corpse. Not a bad sign, necessarily. He did the same when he was happily ensconced in his mind palace.
Sherlock turns towards the ceiling and closes his eyes, conjuring the most erotic memory he has: his first sexual encounter with John. John backing him rather forcefully into the wall, rising onto his toes to reach Sherlock’s mouth, his lips tasting of whiskey, his hands roaming greedily under Sherlock’s shirt.
This time, when Sherlock takes the tip of John’s cock into his mouth, John sighs but doesn’t protest. He cradles Sherlock’s head tenderly and lets Sherlock suck until his jaw is sore and John’s entire body is stiff and trembling with the need to thrust up and fuck Sherlock’s throat until he floods it with semen.
John lifted her hips, pushing back into Sherlock’s groin—and oh god, it was good. John’s arse cheeks parted slightly, Sherlock’s vulva cradled between them and squeezed gently. There was a hint of sweet pressure that receded just before it turned to pain.
At the reminder, John fished the mobile phone from his pocket, more out of habit than any real expectation that SH might’ve texted without him being aware of it, and was so shocked to find that SH
That you aren’t alarmed by the idea of my experimenting on body parts says only that you are refreshingly less dull and dim-witted than the rest of humanity. As I told Mrs Hudson when she was demanding I dispose of the fingers, it’s customary to keep dead livestock in the freezer and gift others with dying plants, but experimenting on dead humans for the sake of furthering my knowledge and enabling me to more quickly identify and catch murderers is somehow alarming. Ridiculous.
And Sherlock really did. After the incident with the cat bed, it became terribly, painfully obvious.
“The thing,” John found himself saying, “the ‘Daddy’ thing… is it—I mean, are you going to want to powder my bum and put me in nappies, or…?”
“Oh, right,” said the woman. “I’ve heard about you. His… well, not really sure what you are, actually. I might’ve guessed boyfriend, but….”
There’s less of it than he expects, and the collection is primarily composed of clips or scenes rather than full-length films. He watches them all in just over three hours and finds none that feature hair-pulling or even hair-stroking. For which Sherlock is immensely thankful—if he discovers John has been getting off on the idea of someone else’s hair being pulled besides Sherlock’s, he will not be held responsible for his actions.
Sherlock’s eyelids fluttered and he licked his lips, and John was filled with such a swell of warmth and affection that it seemed absurd to
He stood to fetch his phone from his coat pocket and carried it back to the desk so he could text Sherlock.
getting off on this, at the same time that he was deeply discomfited by it. He didn’t need anyone to buy him expensive clothes, didn’t
“I’ve several bagged and loose-leaf varieties,” Sherlock said. “In fact—” He picked up a stylish-looking glass kettle, opened the lid, and peered inside, then returned it to its base with a grimace. “No. Perhaps not tea.” He spun, dressing gown swishing, and scanned the rest of the room. “Coffee! Or Mrs Hudson can—”
Another hip roll, rougher this time, and John’s answering “Mmm” was higher, tinged with frustration. It sent another swift jolt to Sherlock’s sluggish brain.
Giving the faces a try I see. I’m going to focus on that bit rather than the bit where you’re a lying berk with no sense of self-preservation. :)
Sherlock blinks, remembers suddenly where he is and why, and is surprised how for even a moment he could forget.
There’s nothing to be read in the gesture, of course, but nevertheless—sitting there with Rosie asleep in his arms and John’s head with its sweet-smelling hair pillowed on his shoulder—Sherlock shivers and smiles.
With another frustrated groan, Sherlock kicked his feet to the floor. He wedged a hand between his thighs, squeezing them together until his muscles began to protest. He was aroused, so erect that his trousers bulged obscenely. His penis ached and throbbed in time with his pulse.
A few drops trickled over John’s bruise, which had darkened to a purplish black and was still puffy despite the icepack. The rows of teeth marks were lovely, reminding Sherlock of rings which reminded him of
<JohnHWatson> Just trying to make small talk, keep the interaction going. The silence is a bit dull.
“Oh.” It was the same awed, breathy noise from their telephone conversation earlier, and with Sherlock standing in front of him now, eyes closed as though he was savouring the moment, John half worried Sherlock might fall to his knees.
At the flat Sherlock made John a hot cup of blood, ushered him to the sofa, and then paced about the sitting room with his phone against his ear, hissing things into the receiver like “Don’t be ridiculous, Mycroft” and “Yes,
Whatever it was, it was the most interesting thing that had happened to John all day. If not all week.
“Here,” said John, standing and scooting her armchair forwards a bit before she sat again. “Let’s try something. Can I… um. Do you mind if I…?” She gestured vaguely towards the floor, and Sherlock understood immediately.
By the time that a young woman sat across from Sherlock detailing her suspicions that her long-time boyfriend was cheating—when the state of her nails said
Then the creaking floorboards during the night began. The misplaced objects, the cold spots. The scent of Claire de la Lune stalking him through the house.
I became a doctor for the same reason that anyone becomes a doctor I suppose. I wanted to help people. I also imagined there was a sort of prestige to having a career in medicine. Or at least my da always seemed to respect and admire doctors more than he did the average person, which probably seemed significant to me as a child. As for why an Army doctor, that’s more complicated. I don’t know really. I suppose it just seemed more exciting. More of a challenge. Plus, both my parents were dead by that point, and Harry’d started the first of her downward spirals, and I just wanted to get as far away from home as possible.
He accepted the friend request, and tried to put Sherlock out of his mind—quite unsuccessfully, since an hour later the BlackBerry chimed with an incoming text.
The Starbucks is crammed with people, the queue so long it winds between the tables. John, always uncomfortable in a crowd, stands close to Sherlock. Their arms press together from shoulder to elbow, and Sherlock would only need to turn slightly and bend forwards to curl around him.
John heaved an exasperated sigh, rolling his eyes. “Sherlock. He said you were an interfering ass and that you were eager to meet me, and now you’re putting on a very elaborate attempt at intimidation. So my guess is you’re the typical overprotective big brother.”
It went on like that, John easing the dildo out and then plunging it back in. The noise of the machine’s motor and Sherlock’s choked groans faded into the background, leaving the slick sounds of Sherlock’s mouth sliding along the length of the tentacle to take the front stage.
“Do you have to do that first thing in the morning?” John asked. He was stalled in the doorway, carrying his bathrobe and staring stupidly. “It’s…” He searched for the word. Creepy? Nauseating? “Off-putting,” he decided.
Then John’s meaning dawns, and it feels as though his entire physiological processes shut down. Poison would scarcely be more effective than what John has just said.
Sherlock paused, and John looked at him. His free hand rested on the bed beside John’s right hip, supporting his weight and allowing him to lean over John. He was panting, as though he’d done something far more strenuous than simply putting part of a toy up John’s bottom, and his forehead shone with tiny beads of sweat. His gaze was fixed on John’s face, and when John licked his lips and swallowed, Sherlock followed the movement with his eyes—from his mouth to his throat and then down his sternum, his belly, to his cock, which was flagging but not soft.
At the question, Sherlock’s expression lost most, although not all, of its hunger, and Sherlock rose to his feet, stepped on top of the coffee table and then off the other side of it, and approached the pink suitcase. Perching on the back of the leather armchair, he clasped his hands in front of him.
Afterwards, Sherlock was in a foul, foul mood. He hunched and glowered and scowled, gnashed his teeth at regular intervals, and occasionally let out a long, disgusted groan and swiped and tugged at his hair like it was the source of his frustration. There might as well have been a storm cloud above him, complete with rolling thunder and ominous flares of lightning.
He tried to go slowly, gripping the headboard with one hand and cradling Sherlock’s skull with the other while he rocked gently, gently, into Sherlock’s mouth. But it was torturous: Sherlock’s throat so hot and slick, his fingers so long and clever, all of him just begging to be fucked until they both screamed.
“Go on, then. I’ve got this well enough in hand.” He nods towards Rosie, who is still suckling happily.
“I suppose so…. Did I offend you, just now? I know my compliment was a bit shit, but I did mean it sincerely.”
John recoils, his lips twisting bitterly. “I know,” he says, practically spitting. “God, I know. There’s no excuse. It’s worse than shitty. It’s fucking unthinkable.”
When that was all sorted, he joined Sherlock on the bed and, when Sherlock curled onto his side, plastered himself to Sherlock’s back: the big spoon to Sherlock’s little one. Sherlock hummed in contentment and wriggled as though savouring the sensation of John’s arms around him.
John stopped massaging Sherlock’s wrists immediately, letting her come down, not wanting to overwhelm her. She leaned close, ready to go in for a cuddle if Sherlock showed even the slightest signs of wanting one.
She opened readily for the first bite and tried to snatch the spoon from him. Any other day it might’ve made him laugh, but he could only manage a tight smile.
Molly tightens her lips, looking uncertain. She knows he’s referring to something, but obviously she doesn’t know what.
“There’s something else attacking me? Is that something you unusually tall blokes have to deal with all the time?”
It will bias John in his favour. Now if Mycroft seeks him out, John will be defensive, protective. Less likely to put stock in anything Mycroft says.
“The machine’s phallus is permanently attached, unfortunately,” Sherlock said, flopping back down. “But I started with that.” He nodded at the toy in John’s hands. “It proved quite beneficial in helping me achieve the appropriate state of mind.”
They ordered—a curry for Sherlock and tandoori chicken for John—and then the waiter took their menus and left them alone. Sherlock leaned forwards, his elbows on the table, and clasped his hands beneath his chin.
, Sherlock thought. John was doing her own wishful thinking, which apparently aligned quite well with Sherlock’s.
That was… unexpected. John hoped he didn’t look nearly as taken aback as he felt. What about Jake? What about the task John was meant to be doing for SH?
John’s heartbeat quickened to a patter, like a little rabbit’s in the path of a wolf. And after he’d spent so long upstairs trying to slow his pulse to its normal rhythm, to hide that he’d woken from an erotic dream—something involving a brick wall and a slick hole, but the rest of the details were gone—with his dick hard and his heart pounding.
He was still pondering that, his dead wife—would she have been forgiven, or condemned to suffer for her sins?—when Sherlock apparently grew tired of waiting.
Immediately after the photo was sent, he took another: this one with the ears on as well as the collar. He lay flat on his back, holding his phone an arm’s length above him, and snapped rapidly until he had a shot in which he looked suitably needy: his eyes half-lidded and unfocused, his lips wet and red, his spine arched slightly.
So like John Watson. Whether a standoff with a wanted criminal or a sulk on the floor, he would see to it that Sherlock was not alone.
Sherlock’s hand, still clasped in one of hers, gave a sudden twitch. John glanced instinctively down at the same time that Sherlock scooted backwards so she had a full view of John’s face. Her expression was shuttered, her focus intense. It was the same sort of face she put on when she was dealing with a suspect.
“Don’t do that either. You’re worse at that than you are at communicating with words. Just—” Sherlock breathed, his expanding lungs pressing his back more firmly into John’s hand. “Just ask.”
John laughed, pushing his gnocchi around on his plate. He wasn’t keen on the flavour; he’d be devouring it more quickly if he were. “We’re always talking about you. It’s most of what we talk about, if I’m honest.”
The case I’m working is technically a disappearance, but I have high hopes that it’ll become a murder investigation, which is my preference. You might’ve read about it in the papers. Husband and wife were intending to travel to London to visit family. They clearly left their home in Manchester (luggage, clothes, and toiletries are missing, car is gone), but never arrived in London.
“Me,” Ed Harvey said. He set the blood bag on a scratched wooden table, and John looked around, finally seeing the rest of the room: the stacks of coolers, the blood stains, the crudely set-up IV to John’s left, currently bagless and paused.
Then John peeled off his jumper and turned to toss it aside. Sherlock could see his gnarled scar and his sculpted shoulder blades, the lines of his back, the muscles flexing as his spine twisted—and, lower, the small of his back dipping beneath his waistband, the white elastic of his pants peeking over his jeans, which were sagging very slightly on his hips. Sherlock’s throat went tight and dry, and he couldn’t—he couldn’t—
There were reasons humans didn’t share flats with vampires—or spaces of any kind, for that matter. Vampires were erratic and inscrutable, constantly hungry, and easily tempted. When John had announced he was moving in with one, Harry had begged him not to and Ella had underlined “suicidal impulses” on her notepad and tried to discuss hospitalisation.
“—ll see,” John is saying, when Sherlock makes an effort to listen again. “For now, how about… hm, ten swats with ten seconds between each one? We could try the same location for all ten, although it might be better to alternate instead so th—”
I’m really not uncomfortable. Obviously I’d be a bloody hypocrite if I was. It’s fine, it’s all fine.
“Impressive.” A bit of a fib. ‘Average’ would’ve been the more accurate response, but Sherlock was hardly going to admit that readily.
And with an opening like that, how could John resist? “Does that make you my Uncle Mycroft?” he asked, perfectly deadpan. “Or would you prefer Uncle Mike?”
John’s lip tried to twitch into a smile. It was a fair point, he supposed. He opened his eyes again and was greeted with the sight of Sherlock gazing at him with his head cocked, his eyes impossibly soft.
“Yeah,” John said, shifting in his chair. It was still weird, somehow: coming to therapy without his cane. During every appointment, he half expected his leg to spontaneously start aching again. “Yeah I, erm, met him on a… well, an online dating site. I wasn’t sure at first, but I think I like him.”
John insists on checking his cuts every night, but he does so with the clinical dispassion of a GP, not the awed and worshipful manner from after Sherlock’s spanking—even though the cuts become gloriously red and puffed-up, like claw marks. (Sherlock spends an entire morning in the bathroom admiring them in the mirror, envisioning John on his knees before him, kissing and licking at them and staring up at Sherlock with a reverent, adoring expression.)
The first search result was Sherlock’s website, which John browsed for an hour before he fetched the new BlackBerry from where it was charging on his desk and sent a text to Sherlock.
John looked. ‘The chair’ evidently meant Sherlock’s chair and ‘my computer’ evidently meant John’s computer, as that was the only one in sight. At least it was a request rather than a command—that was some progress.
There were blotches in the condensation now, from his forehead, his struggling. He thought he could see white, blonde, a patch of red through the haze, but the image flickered when he blinked.
Sherlock paws at his shoulder, lifting it a little so he can stroke the entrance wound. He pictures the bullet’s trajectory, the near-instantaneous fracture of flesh and bone, the continuous spill of blood afterwards. He doesn’t believe in miracles, of course, but this—that John survived to meet Sherlock and kill for Sherlock and let Sherlock sit on his cock and admire his scar—is the sort of thing that must make others believe in them.
Sherlock ran her palms up and down John’s lower back, dragging her fingertips through the gathered beads of sweat, and she couldn’t help but arch up slightly, thrust the toy deeper into John’s wet cunt, and fuck her with tiny, gentle motions that made John shudder, hunch her shoulders, and wail softly.
She kicked away John’s hands—actually kicked them, and felt briefly bad about it, but John only giggled as she let go.
“Shut up,” said John. He hovered over Sherlock, propped up on one elbow, and for a brief, glorious moment Sherlock thought he was going to move close after all. But then he lay back down, a respectable distance away. “Are you all right?”
Anyone else might’ve experimented with one kink at a time, never wanting to get in too deep, but not John. Never John. In sex just as in a fight, apparently, John would always throw himself into the very thick of it and hope for the best.
“We can use the fireplace for warmth. You should probably sleep downstairs tonight. You can share my bed.”
Sherlock hasn’t. Of course he hasn’t. He’s far, far from the limits of his pain tolerance, but John only shushes him when he tries to protest.
John woke the next morning to a dull ache in his arse and a flaky itchy mess on his inner thighs and in his pubic hair. He was on his side, Sherlock still plastered to his back, and the sheets had been kicked mostly off, lying in a tangled bundle near their feet.
Unlike John, Mrs Hudson doesn’t seem to hear it for the trite nonsense that it is. She nods. “Does he know about… you know?”
. The pad of his finger rested on the wrinkled rim, which was still slippery with lubricant. Although he’d need more, of course. His own finger was completely dry; he couldn’t penetrate John dry.
John climbed off and made quick work of undressing. Sherlock was even quicker with his own clothes and then lay regally back and waited. When they were both nude, Sherlock slid his left thumb between his parted lips. John heard the soft sound of skin being pierced and smelled the blood half a second later. The scent was more subtle than the rat or corpse had been: less pungent, more sweet.
“Well,” John said grumpily, “that you’re bloody incapable of staying out of my socks for longer than a few weeks, for starters.”
Sherlock nearly flinches at the scene conjured by that question. And to think that mere days ago he was entertaining the possibility of telling John everything. Which would be worse, he wonders: John responding,
, the footsteps receded and the loo door opened. The moment it closed, John was shaking Sherlock’s hand off and sucking in one heaving breath after another, filling the silent room with the echoing sounds of her own panting.
Sherlock scoffed, although it sounded halfhearted. Possibly because he was riveted by John’s mouth: staring like he would go mad if John didn’t let him have it again. “Oh please. I knew you’d understand. I knew you’d come. You saved me even more capably than I intended.”
When John pulled away, unwinding Sherlock’s limbs, Sherlock’s first thought was that John must have recognised it as well. He intended to fetch the ring from his drawer and put it on Sherlock’s finger where it belonged. Sherlock’s heartbeat kicked up again. His throat felt tight.
Sherlock was moving before she realised it, crawling closer and then lying atop John’s prone body. There was a minute of awkward rearranging, elbowing, and giggling before they found an acceptable position: John’s legs spread and Sherlock between them, pressing the front of her knickers against John’s bare bottom.
“Well,” she said, “looks like you two have this under control. Back to bed for me, then. Good night.”
“You’re nervous,” Sherlock blurted, then promptly wished that it were physically possible to swallow one’s own tongue. Perhaps if he cut it off first.
Sherlock starts—realises he’s been staring dumbly at the ceiling, lost in the darkest recesses of his memory, while John finishes the third cut. That John is bending over him, ripping off his gloves with something like panic on his face.
John gagged, making a choked sound as his throat muscles convulsed. Horrified, Sherlock loosened his legs and tried to recoil—a whisper of
He covered Sherlock’s hands with his own, stopping them in their path, and pinned them to the mattress. The change in position shifted John’s weight from his arse to his knees, giving him more leverage, making it easier to rise up and fuck down on the length of Sherlock’s prick hard enough that the bed shook and creaked.
been distant?” John’s eyebrow arches like a scythe, grim and devastating, and his lip curls upwards to complement it. “I’ve been following
And John, agreeable and easily swayed, is reciprocating in a matter of seconds. Suckling Sherlock’s bottom lip and cupping Sherlock’s cheek in one palm with such tenderness that Sherlock feels weak and boneless in the face of it.
Angelo fawned over them, bringing a candle for the table, dropping off John’s pasta with a wink, and calling John “Dr Watson” with such rich approval that John had no doubt he’d rocketed to the top of Angelo’s list of favourite people just by showing up here with Sherlock more than once.
No it’s fine! I just didn’t want you to feel like you had to or anything. Didn’t know if maybe you thought I was that much of an idiot. ;)
As though John needed reminded of her own preferences. She fought the urge to laugh. “I do. When there’s a hand doing all the work. You think I want a toy with that much curve in my twat when you’ve got very little control over what exactly it’s jabbing?”
, Sherlock thought. John was still smiling, his eyes sparkling and beautifully squinty. Sherlock wanted to kiss every tiny wrinkle gathered at the corners.
Obviously. Wasn’t that what Sherlock had just said? But it seemed the wrong moment to berate John for stating the obvious, so she only nodded, her gaze fixed on where her own pale skin was pressed against John’s tanned skin.
The grin dropped. Sherlock blinked several times in quick succession, then stepped back and glanced about the corridor like he’d only just realised where he was. “Is it? That explains the traffic.” He turned back to John, giving him a thorough head-to-toe look that made John want to wrap his dressing gown more tightly around himself. “Oh. You’re—”
“No.” Giggling, John shoves Sherlock off just enough that he can flip onto his back and invite Sherlock to lie against his chest—which Sherlock promptly does, burrowing in like a tick into flesh. “Not what you think I’ll want. What
Sherlock realises with an unpleasant start that his eyes are closed, that he’s leaning forwards with his hands in his hair again like a melodramatic wreck of a person. His body’s further betrayal. He reins it in immediately, removing his hands and straightening his spine and opening his eyes, focusing on John: John’s kind face and unfathomable irises.
Sherlock threw it on, tied the belt loosely, and hurried to the kitchen, where John was stood in front of the sink eating the last of Mrs Hudson’s lemon scones off the plate she’d delivered them on.
It was worse than her cleaning up the sheet music, because the tea was at least partly John’s mess. He hurried to stand at the same time that he reached to take the mugs from Mrs Hudson—and proceeded to knock one with his knuckles and spill cold tea all over himself. His hand, trousers, and shoes took the worst of it, sparing the floor all but a few stray drops.
John’s fantasy was certainly improved—as was his mood. Even the mention of the case John hadn’t been invited to didn’t put him off spending the rest of the morning dirtying the freshly cleaned Fleshlight all over again.
She expected another squeeze, or maybe another breathy noise of awe—but not for Sherlock’s whole body to give one great tremble and then go limp, for Sherlock to heave forwards and plaster herself to John’s back with a choked-off moan.
Sherlock stared, dumbfounded. An explosion, the windows shattering, the roof caving in and killing them both, would be less momentous, less mind-boggling. As John had said numerous times, after all, she was not gay, she was not like her sister, she and Sherlock were friends and flatmates and nothing more, why did everyone always assume they were having sex. And now she was “propositioning” Sherlock—verb, “to make a suggestion of sexual intercourse to someone with whom one is not sexually involved.” Sherlock’s mind spun and spun, and still she couldn’t fathom how they had come to this point.
Sherlock’s gaze dropped to John’s mouth, and John found himself licking his lips again, watching Sherlock watch the slow drag of his tongue. Sherlock’s face lost its sour look and sparked again with interest.
She couldn’t keep her back from arching as she came, and by the time she was finished, even her hips were off the chair, pumping frantically upwards and grinding her pussy into Sherlock’s fist, chasing every last wisp of the hot, pounding sensation that made her thighs tense and her toes curl.
“Not yet,” she said. It was more breath than voice, but Sherlock understood her perfectly. “Just this—
He lifted his chin, inviting Sherlock to bite along his throat while he plunged his hands down the back of Sherlock’s trousers, cupping that plump bottom and feeling the cheeks dimple as Sherlock thrust against him. Groaning, he let Sherlock’s hands roam his chest: splaying over his pectorals and plucking roughly at his nipples until the little buds were tight and aching.
Sherlock loosened his grip and then squeezed his cheeks together. Like John would do, kneeling behind him with Sherlock’s bottom framed between his hands, alternating between spreading and squeezing so he could watch the plug alternate between dipping farther in and slipping slightly out.
Fucking hell. John felt like he was glowing. “It’s usually the sense of smell that goes first—dead nerve cells in the olfactory bulbs. Then it’ll progress to increasingly severe headaches, nausea, maybe a fever as well. Unfortunately, the man won’t think much of it—it doesn't sound terribly dissimilar from a very bad flu, does it? And of course there’s also the confusion. By that point, he’ll probably start finding it difficult to think clearly. And even if he does catch on that something is really wrong—when the seizures start, for example, or when he starts losing muscle control—it’ll be too late. The infection will have spread to his brain stem, and the parasite eaten all the bits of his brain he needs to breathe.”
Sherlock knows that it is. He saw to it personally, in fact. Nearly a full hour in front of the mirror making a mess of his hair, ensuring it is so tangled that it will take John ages—and a great deal of accidental pulling—to unknot it.
There was a sharp pain in John’s neck. For a moment he was sure he felt Sherlock’s fangs tearing into him—his jugular ripped from his throat, and blood gushing out in great waves, soaking the sheets beneath him—his body bleeding out right here in the nearly pitch-black bedroom.
“That would be an exceedingly poor idea,” Mycroft says, a hard note of warning in his tone. “If you embrace John Watson right now, this will cease to be about mere sexual satisfaction very, very quickly.”
His smile, bright and fond, said he knew exactly what memory he was evoking with those words, and John found himself slumping and relaxing, letting Sherlock clean his face as best he could.
That was it. Sherlock’s phone was quiet again, the brief conversation evidently concluded. Not that he’d wanted it to carry on, he supposed. The gnawing was gone, replaced with a little kernel of contentment that blossomed and stretched its branches throughout his torso when he glanced up from his mobile phone to find John approaching with a full glass of water.
“All right, I see it,” she told them, although they continued to chirrup and chatter at it. They weren’t going to shut up about it anytime soon, she supposed. “Let me pop in the loo for a minute, and then I’ll get rid of it.”
John wraps the sheets around himself and rolls onto his stomach with his head turned, facing Sherlock. His eyes close.
By the time that the stream of piss began to slow, Sherlock was wet from his hair to his knees, and the rug beneath him was rapidly growing damp. The leather collar round his neck was soaked. He smelt. Anyone who saw him like this would’ve no doubt wrinkled their nose and thought him repulsive.
Sherlock didn’t glance up from the menu he held open in his hands. “Of course not. Byzantium is more reddish. This is closer to blue.”
And… well. If Sherlock wasn’t a threat, if he was just a harmless, eccentric, and socially awkward rich genius—the same one who had texted John at all hours of the day, given him something to do, relied on John for assistance, and nattered on about bees that one time until John had fallen asleep—then what would happen when John gave the gifts back?
“Hello, sorry,” Molly says as she approaches, smelling strongly of antiseptic wash and smiling. “Didn’t expect you so soon. Fortunately, I hadn’t really got started yet.”
“Oh! Yeah, course. You should go then. We’ll do this again, though, yeah? Maybe when I don’t have work the next day.”
Why wouldn’t he, indeed, John supposed. After all, John’s first thought after opening Sherlock’s gift had been that he’d need a shower before they gave the prostate massager a go.
“[laughing anew] It was the first time I’d played on a console! Of course I struggled with the controls.”
“You did.” Scarf draped over the sofa arm, Sherlock started to unbutton his coat. “But when I rang the surgery to tell them you wouldn’t be in, they said you’d already called in sick.”
He banished the idea from his mind and stayed quiet, catching his breath, until Sherlock gave a sharp “Ah!” and then went quiet. For several long seconds, there was no sound from the phone but for the occasional burst of static as Sherlock panted against the receiver.
“No,” he decided. “No. Let it…” He inhaled deeply and smelt the smoke in the air. The end of it all. “Let it burn. I’ll get the neighbours.”
“Which means nothing, really, since we don’t have a regular dinnertime. So I just assumed that meant you’d be back at some point before midnight.”
The worst quest in the game by far. You have my sympathies. For what it’s worth, the stolen item you’re looking for is a hairpin and the cipher decoder is hidden in the statue’s mouth in the back room of the Lucky Cat.
Sherlock’s shoulders jumped, and John realised with a good bit of guilt that he’d been falling asleep before John had opened his bloody stupid mouth.
It wasn’t a very interesting one, anyway. Barely a five. Sherlock is content to be rid of it and devote himself entirely to his new endeavour.
Was this it, then? No more girlfriends, no more idle thoughts of a hypothetical second wife and children? Just him and Sherlock, friends and flatmates and now sexual partners, for the rest of eternity?
It’s dull. Obvious. Sherlock has a fairly good idea of what happened from just speaking with Lestrade over the phone, but arriving at the scene, seeing a photograph of the missing girl while the distraught parents stand huddled together and weeping, confirms it.
As she flipped the kitchen light off on her way out, she heard the moth hitting the lino with another thud and the cats’ paws padding eagerly to capture it again.
Sherlock sat up with a foul taste in his mouth, a filthy blend of saliva and come on his chin, and drying tear tracks on his cheeks. He felt the hot, insistent throb of arousal, starting at his prick—so hard and desperate in his trousers—and reaching as far as his legs and arms. He rolled himself onto his stomach so that he could feel the sweet pressure of the mattress against his groin.
Please proceed with caution if you think this may be distressing or triggering for you. Also feel free to leave me a comment if you’d like more details so you can make a more informed decision about whether to read, skim, or skip. :)
s, Sherlock twisted and flopped and lolled about until he rolled right on top of the hat, thoroughly squashing it and startling himself in the process. His head jerked up; his fur was mussed and one ear folded back. With wide eyes he looked to John, who turned immediately towards the window as though pretending he hadn’t just been staring.
John had the urge to wrap his legs around Sherlock’s waist and let Sherlock frot them both to full hardness and beyond, although it wouldn’t be worth the friction burn. John chuckled at the thought and was silenced by Sherlock’s mouth against his own, firm and ardent but gone quickly.
The pub was spacious but nevertheless had the atmosphere of a cosy little place in the countryside. It was busy, for a Tuesday at seven o’clock, so it took John a few minutes of roaming about before he found the table in the back bearing a handwritten sign that read “Munch!” If not for that, John might’ve overlooked the table entirely because of how few people were seated at it.
Sherlock sat, just dropped into the nearest chair so gracelessly that it clattered as though it was about to tip over. Rosie wasn’t paying any attention to them, fortunately. Sherlock had given her a stack of old newspapers, which she was cheerfully ripping to scraps whilst praising herself on her excellent success.
“With a stick, actually. But don’t worry, it did a lot of damage before I finally got it. I’m nearly dead.”
“Nearly 20 full minutes until I transform,” says Sherlock. He rubs the tip of his cock along the cleft of John’s arse, lingering on the slick, sensitive rim, which opens easily with only a bit of pressure. “Plenty of time for a taste.”
He spends an indeterminate amount of time in front of the mirror, admiring them. Wishing his phone or, even better, a proper camera was within reach so he could snap a photo. They are striking. They are brutal. They are beautiful.
Lovely, luminous John. Every time that Sherlock thought they couldn’t fit together any more perfectly, she was proven wrong.
Sherlock’s ring finger went in less smoothly than the first two, but not as difficultly as Sherlock feared it might have done. John was tight, so tight that Sherlock’s fingers were squeezed uncomfortably together by the clutch of his internal muscles. But Sherlock’s discomfort was secondary to John’s pleasure, especially when John moaned and thrusted sharply backwards, ensuring he was fully impaled.
things. Surely you remember the burglary in Manchester? The animal fur in the kitchen that didn’t matter one whit, although you’d convinced yourself it was
John stared. How many times had they had a similar sort of conversation? He was beginning to suspect she was misunderstanding on purpose. “No, Mrs Hudson, we’re not like that. He—”
Of course not. Sherlock’s disappointment is so vast he fancies it can be seen from the Southern hemisphere. Still, he answers, “Fine,” and waits for the next tug.
I suppose my thinking was probably influenced by the video game player stereotype, yeah. Mostly though I’m comparing myself to the stereotype and feeling a bit silly for playing video games as a 39 year old. You’re meant to play games as a child, aren’t you, and then outgrow them as you get older. And here I am spending hours every day on them and loving the hell out of it. Also, my sister Harry has been making comments about how pathetic it is, how embarrassing I am, and so on. I think it’s starting to get to me.
Sherlock filled in. To show his approval, he leaned in and swiped his tongue up John’s cheek, which made John laugh and ruffle Sherlock’s hair with both hands. A bit like Sherlock used to do to Redbeard, actually, back when—
Sherlock turned to investigate and promptly wished that he hadn’t. John was bent at the waist, picking up a rather badly dented can of beans, which put his bottom perfectly in Sherlock’s vision. Not only that, but the position accentuated it, made it look especially plump and grippable.
Sherlock rolls towards him, grateful, and John’s left arm moves immediately so that Sherlock can duck beneath it and lie with his head on John’s pectoral.
“That’s it,” Sherlock said. His voice was low and hoarse; it made John think of gravel under his boot as he chased after Sherlock on some mad adventure. “Let Daddy hear you.”
That he knew he needn’t bother with Sherlock was… Sherlock didn’t have words for it. It was the moment when he stopped thinking in notes and chords and started feeling the music swelling in his intestines, lungs, throat, at the same time that he heard it rise from the violin strings beneath his fingers.
“Once a week.” Sherlock shrugs, as though it’s nothing of import. “As a patient, obviously. We’ve a standing Wednesday appointment. I apologise for all the things I said about her, by the way. She’s really been quite helpful.”
Instinctively, John tried to buck but only succeeded in disturbing the weight slightly, jostling one knee and making it slide between John’s thighs.
Finally, John breaks the silence. “Erm.” He’s watching Rosie, rubbing the back of his neck with one hand. “By the way. Thought I should mention that I…. That is, I’ve been thinking about what you said. About Ella… and therapy. Maybe I should, you know. Give her a call.”
“Oh, that’s handy. Okay, um. Shall we... get started? I think I’ve done everything I need on my end.”
Sherlock crawled right up to the chair, put his hands on the leather between John’s spread thighs, and rose to his knees. Then he bent forwards and dropped the ball, a bit damp with saliva, into John’s lap.
Plus, Harry was in a bad place. She and her wife were just divorced. She was drinking heavily and often. I was worried what might happen if she lived alone with no one to make sure she didn’t choke on her own vomit or drink herself into a coma. She still drinks more than she should, at this point she probably qualifies as a functioning alcoholic. But at least it’s not as bad as it was. I’ve tried to encourage her to check herself into a facility, but she hasn’t been keen on the idea.
went, anyway. Today, Sherlock only sighed contentedly whilst John waddled closer on her knees, then lifted her head and buried her nose in the crease of John’s inner thigh, inhaling deeply. Taken aback, John nearly lost her balance and gripped Sherlock’s hair with both hands to steady herself, which made Sherlock moan. She nuzzled into John’s skin and the short wisps of John’s pubic hair, which needed trimmed again as it was getting longer than John liked.
When John finished drinking and sat up to lick his paws, Sherlock reared back and dashed out of sight. Mrs Hudson sighed and went back to doing the washing-up.
Rosie, now up from her nap, thought this was brilliant and trailed him faithfully, adding her own running commentary.
“Maybe a third one now,” said John. So much for his nervousness, which seemed to have vanished completely now, eclipsed by lust and pleasure.
“Okay,” John said, scratching behind Sherlock’s ear, making Sherlock’s eyes flutter closed. “That’s… good. You’re being so good right now, Sherlock. So well-behaved.”
John’s smile widened and softened. Such a spectacular conundrum, that John could be both the harshest man Sherlock had ever met—all rough edges, sudden drops, and hidden spikes—as well as the softest. “You’re Sherlock Holmes.”
“But next time,” said Sherlock and then shrivelled up, ashamed at his own presumption. Hadn’t he watched John go through a whole string of sexual partners in the years before Mary? Perhaps he was eager to return to that lifestyle. Perhaps this had just been an experiment, a quick shag with a man before he went back to the gender he preferred. “Assuming you’re amenable to a next time, of course.”
Brilliant. Before he’d met Sherlock, John had never been kicked out of anywhere before, and now he’d been kicked out of a Costa before even the sun had come up.
“Mm. You’re still wet inside. And filthy is the whole point, John. You love it when it’s filthy. The wrongness excites you.”
“Yes, precisely,” Sherlock said. He whirled back towards Lestrade. “Just as John said. He has the knowledge to properly open the thoracic cavity, the tools to do it, but lacks the practical skills to do it well. Inexperienced, seeking the training he feels he needs to succeed. I didn’t need him to
John called up his memory of when he’d woken up the previous night. No, it had definitely felt like hunger, not thirst, and anyway, all the medical literature used the terms interchangeably. “What’s the difference?”
“Keep your hands in the pockets,” he said when he was finished, “and we shouldn’t have any problem getting a cab.”
saying it. John suspected that, if push came to shove, he would have come no matter where Sherlock had called him.
Apparently bored that Sherlock was no longer on her level, Rosie rolled and scooted her way into the bedroom and crawled to her playmat. John looked back to Sherlock, who jumped off the toilet and poked his head into the shower.
Clever woman, Mrs Hudson. She didn’t argue with him at all, just gathered up her tea tray and gave him a wink as she left.
grabbed his wallet before he’d left—and handing the barista (who now looked a bit wary, no doubt worried she’d have to deal with two non-paying customers) the money for two coffees.
As for the work, I’m a consulting detective, as I said clearly on my website. I only accept interesting cases which, considering the sudden decline in intelligence of London’s criminal class, unfortunately leaves with a great deal of spare time. I despise being bored. Video games keep my mind occupied.
“It’s from Greg.” John held out his phone, the lit screen pointed towards Sherlock. “I think it’s meant for you, actually. Or at least I hope it is.”
He saw John’s approaching shadow on the floor and smelt the spicy-fruity combination of John’s aftershave and shampoo. Then the leather arm of his chair creaked and sank beneath John’s weight, and John’s right hand found its way into Sherlock’s hair. He turned his face into his knees, allowing John’s clever fingers to find their usual path along his scalp.
But John’s head was turned to one side, one eye watching Sherlock. She was no doubt sensitive about her war injury, about the beautifully gnarled skin, just as she had been about her psychosomatic limp, her therapy appointments, anything she deemed a possible weakness (no matter whether it truly was or wasn’t).
It was a shot in the dark, and something of a risk. As a general rule, they didn’t discuss Mary. At first it had been too raw, too painful for John, too uncomfortable for Sherlock. Then, eventually, it simply hadn’t mattered any longer. What would have been the point of bringing it up again after they both had been so eager to forget?
But the words tangled in her throat, so she nodded instead and watched eagerly as John positioned the vibrator’s head just below her pubic bone and flipped the switch.
The thrill of being right, usually all-consuming, barely registered in the maelstrom of other, more pressing sensations.
John moaned, her whole body giving one strong shudder. Then the muscles in her left arm flexed, and the room filled with a quiet buzzing. The bullet vibrator. Sherlock had almost forgotten.
. The implication, the reminder—John was loose for Sherlock. Sherlock had opened him like a knife opens a wound, and anyone who examined his body now (not that Sherlock would allow it) would see what Sherlock had done.
Sherlock does. Or, at least, he understands what John intends for him to understand, although John—kind-hearted, simple-minded John—doesn’t see all that Sherlock sees. The numerous flaws in the analogy, the jagged edges, the little blemishes in the surface just begging to be picked at.
She wanted to fuck John, to make her sob and squirm and cling to the sheets to keep herself in place. She wanted to fill John’s wet cunt and pound into her so hard that John would be sore and limping for days.
“All right?” John asks every two scratches, or “Too much?” or “Still with me?” And then, every time Sherlock indicates that yes he’s fine and please continue: “My perfect boy. You’re doing so well, Sherlock.”
“Really?” comes John’s voice from above him, sounding peevish. “You berk. Something so simple, and you have to make it hopelessly complicated, don’t you?”
Sherlock feels like the bat on their mantel, pinned to a board behind a thick layer of glass: appalling to most, but irresistible to the one that owns him, worthy of being displayed above the fireplace like a prized treasure.
And it did feel good. Really, really good, actually. With her fingers crooked, Sherlock was thrusting from her shoulders, a motion that felt a bit like John’s cunt was being hooked again and again. She could feel herself stretching around Sherlock’s knuckles, could feel Sherlock’s palm dragging her labia roughly against her clit, sending a spark of pleasure through her so hot it made her toes curl and her cunt clench.
it. That’s not what I think at all, and I certainly don’t think there’s anything wrong with you if you don’t
It was a Fleshlight, in fact: one meant to look like the arsehole of a female porn star that John had never heard of. There was also a small bottle of lubricant included in the parcel, although John was somewhat less concerned with that at the moment.
John sighed, tilting his head forward and to the side when Sherlock directed him to. “They were. I took it off before I came here.”
Fortunately, it’s over soon. Then the blade is gone, and, with it, the worst of the sting, leaving Sherlock with a deep throbbing ache not unlike the sensation that followed his spanking. Except this one is even more satisfying: more concentrated, less overpowering. He can feel the blood welling up in the fresh cut, collecting in little beads along its length, and then falling down his hip and onto the tarpaulin.
And so that Sherlock would spiral slowly, slowly out of his mind, consumed by the desperate and utterly base desire to be fucked until he was keening like the slutty, spoiled kitty he was.
“I told you. It wouldn’t have taken him long to realise his mistake. Nobody could be seen with a pink case without drawing attention—particularly a man, which is statistically more likely. He’d feel compelled to get rid of it the moment he noticed he still had it.”
“But the…” He couldn’t stop staring. The flickering orange and yellow, the reddish glow. What would Mary, the real Mary, think if she could see this? Their home, her dream, being destroyed. “My things are still in there. Rosie’s. Everything we have is—”
Do you know I used to have to remind myself to be interested in my dates? I’ve never had to do that with you.
Lying on his side, Sherlock had the toy mouse gripped tightly between his front paws while the back ones kicked gleefully at the mouse’s bottom and he gnawed happily away at the mouse’s face. He at least had the good sense to pause and look guilty when he spotted Mrs Hudson standing aghast a short distance away.
“Well, I’m not sure how it can extend beyond porn,” he finally said, facing Sherlock. “It’s not like there are a wealth of available tentacle monsters in the world.”
Instead, he said, “I don’t care. I don’t want you to.” And although it was playing a bit dirty and would probably distract them both from the subject at hand, as soon as he saw Sherlock open his mouth to argue John forged ahead: “And you were going to give me everything I wanted, weren’t you, Daddy?”
Sherlock certainly didn’t feel it, flushed and flustered with his prick jutting out from his body like a tree branch and making an obscene tent where his shirt hung over it. But neither was he going to argue if John wanted to think so.
Hours later, the noises of frantic scrambling on the carpet drew Mrs Hudson to the bedroom, where she found the drawer cracked open and the wrapping paper and plastic packaging torn to bits on the floor.
“Hmmm. Suppose I am a bit curious. I know you and Victor never dated, but... have you dated since him?”
“Yeah? Well, bully for you. I’m not letting you bugger me until I know you’ve had enough calories to keep your strength up.”
He traces organs with his fingertip until his eyelids begin to droop, and then he finds himself thinking muzzily of John cutting him open and carving
You said before that you weren’t sober when you had sex. I thought you meant alcohol, but you didn’t did you?
“Oh,” Sherlock said. There was a hint of wonder in her voice that made John shudder and rest her cheek against the cool wall. “Oh, John.”
“Yes,” he says, breathless at the thought. His skin as a mould for John’s teeth. His body as a temporary source of John’s dental records.
that made John’s groin feel even heavier. “I want you to have it. You shouldn’t have to wait for it.”
Experimentally, Sherlock rolled his hips. It made the plug shift again and his cock, much harder now, bob with the motion. The motion felt good enough to do again, then again even more forcefully. His legs fell open and his hand reached between them, covering the fur at the base of his tail and feeling the hard outline of the metal toy inside. He dug his palm into it, shoving the plug deeper, and swivelled his hips, which swivelled the plug as well. His hole made a wet sucking sound as the rim was stretched from every angle.
John blinks, clearly taken aback. “Er, yeah. That. Sherlock, it’s… I just don’t think it’s working right now. Which isn’t to say that we can’t try again in—”
Wiping his chin with the back of his hand—little good that did, it was all but dried now—he sat up and found himself looking at the chest of drawers. John’s chest of drawers that Sherlock had had to make room for, because John had insisted the wardrobe wasn’t big enough for them both.
Or maybe he would do none of those. Perhaps Sherlock’s creepiness was more the benign, awkward, and socially inept sort rather than the dangerous sort.
Then Sherlock said, “Again,” in a voice that was even softer than John’s whisper. Soft and breathy and
“You can bite,” said Sherlock. His thumb skidded lightly over John’s molars, stopping just before they reached his left top fang. John shook from the effort it took to not nip, not even a little. “I don’t mind. It actually feels quite… nice.”
‘Well,’ John thought in dismay, ‘so much for being helpful.’ He mightn’t have even been there at all for how little he’d contributed.
Ages. It’s been weeks now. At first it was simply a temporary measure to appease his brother, but now… it’s a risk he can’t take. Not during the hardest case of his career. Drugs might help him focus on cases, but not with John. Never with John. The significance of John’s moods is harder to track when Sherlock is high, the implication of his behaviours easier to overlook.
Sherlock’s fingerpads were so soft, vulnerable. Just a prick of John’s fang would bring a drop of blood to the surface. Just a bite, a small one, maybe a scrape, and John could catch the weak gush with his tongue. He was only vaguely aware of Sherlock’s free hand fumbling with his zip, opening his trousers, reaching inside.
John leaned even farther back, arched her spine, moved her hips in little stuttering thrusts, humping up into the vibrator and down onto the cock. She was stunning. Sherlock wanted to photograph her, film her, then fuck her until the mattress was drenched and John’s brain was so flooded with oxytocin and dopamine she wouldn’t protest at all if Sherlock wanted to write her name on every bit of John’s body.
And then: suction, a slow gentle pulling sensation as John’s lips moved up and down the length of Sherlock’s cock, his tongue dragging sweetly along the underside. Suddenly the bedroom spun in Sherlock’s vision and his collar jingled, and when he closed his eyes and opened them again, he was on his knees, knelt over John’s face.
Molly nods encouragingly. “Well, I have time for you to try anyway. Mr Davies certainly isn’t going anywhere.” Then, with the hand still on Sherlock’s coat arm, she leads him to a pair of wooden stools nearby.
But of course John couldn’t cooperate for long. His touch lightened, his petting slowed, and then he said, “Christ I’m late. I should go.”
Not terribly unlike the sounds that Sherlock was making now, as he drove his hips again and again into the mattress and grunted into his pillow.
Good. John’s breath left him in a whoosh, and then he grimaced, disgusted with himself and very, very confused.
, Sherlock thinks with fondness. “But never lying.Lying about things of importance, anyway,” he amends. “Her very identity, in this case.”
if he could come along and watch Sherlock solve the case, but he ignored it. He wasn’t going to be needy and demanding. “Then… after the case is done?”
His mood had in no way been helped by the inexplicable influx of prospective clients with marital difficulties who had made the mistake of seeking out his assistance. A seemingly endless supply of husbands cheating on their wives, wives cheating on their husbands, men lying about their relationship status to their new paramours, women concealing things from their new paramours.
“Yeah,” John said. “Course I am. But first….” He spread his legs wider and tipped his hips up. Not quite enough that Sherlock could see his arsehole—his legs were still shaky, he couldn’t manage that sort of flexibility just yet—but enough that he would surely understand what John was getting at. “I might need Daddy’s cock before we leave.”
The house had never been exactly welcoming. Although, if he was honest, nothing could have been. He’d still missed Baker Street too much and had been too furious with himself for continuing to hold on to a memory that only made him miserable.
And although Sherlock pouted, he left off his nuzzling and pawing and simply rested his cheek over the bulging denim. The smell was stronger here, and John’s prick pulsed weakly beneath him.
Half-turning on her side, Sherlock put her left hand between John’s legs. Instinctively, John thrust into it, felt the pressure and the slick glide of her labia over her clit, and whimpered. It wasn’t Sherlock’s long, lovely fingers in her cunt, but it would do. Hell, it would more than do—it was brilliant. Her thighs fell open, as wide as her trousers would allow, and Sherlock’s hand curled into a fist, pressing firmly just below where John needed it most. John grabbed and moved it, fairly mashing it against her.
It makes him feel weak, defenceless. Being bred like a bitch in heat, forced to stay still and take it. Sherlock’s cock strays far from his prostate, and Sherlock doesn’t seem to care at all. Of course not: that’s not John’s purpose, is it, not now.
“Ta,” said John, “but I’ve just had coffee and a fry-up downstairs, so… not really interested just now.”
“You don’t know that I’m clean,” John said. Even though he was, there was no way Sherlock could know that for certain, no matter how great his powers of deduction were.
“You two!” Mrs Hudson said, her hands on her hips. “You’re determined to do everything your way this Christmas, aren’t you?”
Seeming to remember himself, John blinked and stuffed the last bite of scone into his mouth. He set the plate in the sink while he chewed and swallowed.
She fetched the broom and dustpan from the cupboard in the hallway and spent the next several minutes sweeping up every piece of broken and depositing it all in the rubbish bin. When Mrs Hudson was finished, she put away the broom and dustpan and set out to find her two cats.
with her thighs, holding John in place while she rocked her hips up and down at a frantic pace. Her groin never actually made contact with John; each thrust stopped just short of a proper rub, but her lower back arched and she let out a sharp cry as though it was perfect.
He was through the kitchen, nearly to the door of the en suite, when Sherlock’s voice—unnaturally, inhumanly deep, throaty and gravelly in a way that made John brace himself for an attack—reached him.
He set the phone down on his thigh and rubbed his palm over his face. Not for the first time since he’d been invalided, nor even the first time today, John wished he were back in Afghanistan. There might’ve been war and death, the stuff of nightmares, but at least he’d always known where he stood in a situation and how he was meant to react.
Molly stares, wearing a wide-eyed tight-lipped expression like she’s waiting for something, although Sherlock has nothing else to add. Finally, she sighs. “You… you don’t even see the problem with any of this, do you? Don’t… don’t take this the wrong way, but for a genius, you really are… um.”
And afterwards: John’s tender stroking hands, John allowing Sherlock to nuzzle senselessly at his scar, John’s voice murmuring “That’s it, sweetheart” in his ear.
He pictures the shape of the word on John’s lips. Easy to do after years of John hedging around inquiries about Sherlock’s sexuality and romantic history. Like that first dinner at Angelo’s.
He drew the Fleshlight towards him, close enough that he could drag the head of his prick over the wrinkled, still-slippery hole. That made a pretty picture, he thought, so he snapped another photo and sent it before he pushed inside.
“To assist. Isn’t that obvious? Why else would I phone when I know very well that you’ll be masturbating?”
He tries to worm from John’s embrace, and after a moment of hesitation, John allows it although he clearly isn’t happy about it. His hands linger on Sherlock’s shoulders, fingertips trailing over the skin until they have to drop away.
, John typed. In both the subject line and the body of the blog. When he could think of nothing else to add, he saved the entry and published it, then spent the next few minutes staring at the new post on his blog page.
Sherlock shook his head so vehemently his curls bounced. John could see in the mirror that his eyes were squeezed tightly shut, those gorgeous crinkles forming at the corners. “Just… use me. Anything you want.”
John’s smile shifted, one corner curving deliciously upwards. Still rueful, still flirty, but also knowing. As though they were sharing an inside joke—and perhaps they were.
Then he realised what exactly he was doing: trying to impress Sherlock, arguably the last person John should’ve been worried about trying to impress. His giggling died suddenly, leaving him uncomfortably aware of Sherlock’s silence and the strangers passing him on the pavement.
herself: thrusting up into her hand and then shoving down onto Sherlock’s fake cock. Her breasts no longer simply bounced, but
So John filled Sherlock’s mouth with the tentacle again and fucked his throat until there were not only tears rolling down his cheeks, but snot and drool as well. His face was soaked, the skin growing puffy and patched with pink, yet still he moaned like a greedy whore as he gagged himself again and again on the tentacle’s thick, curved length.
Ah. There’s always something. And anyway, I didn’t really expect to get everything right, as I’ve only words on a screen to go on. If I’d met you in person, my deductions would have been much more accurate.
“Depends. Sometimes yes. I pull the hood back and sort of flick my fingertip over it. Other times, it’s… well, too sensitive for that.” Like it was now, John suspected and slid her finger from her pussy to check.
, in John’s tone; it coils around Sherlock’s throat and squeezes, robbing him of any response aside from a nod and a nuzzle.
Mycroft gave chase, and what followed were the most stressful five minutes Mrs Hudson had had since her husband’s trial.
John dipped his chin, so that—despite their seated positions putting them at similar heights—he was looking up at Sherlock, and—oh. Oh, that look. It was rueful and flirty all at once. Teasing, playful, just a hint of naughty promise to it.
I’m starting to wonder if you’re not just jealous that I didn’t have as much trouble as you apparently did during the Hounds of Baskerville quest. There being a ‘correct way to play’ is just as much rot as all the rest, and considering you didn’t go on and on about it like the comma bollocks, I suspect you know it too. The only reason I couldn’t kill the spider was that I kept losing track of where I was and falling off the bloody cliff to my death. It’s nothing to do with strength and everything to do with my being a rubbish amateur who keeps pressing the wrong buttons on the keyboard. Hopefully I’ll improve as I play a bit more.
That was quite a non sequitur, although it was a welcome distraction. John let his blossoming intrigue shoo away the concern and self-pity that Sherlock’s gift had brought with it. His toes curled into the carpet as he pecked out his answer.
Mrs Hudson stood slowly and awkwardly, gripping the mattress to keep her balance. When she was more or less on her feet again, she swept the wrinkles from her skirt and left.
“John Watson,” he said. “No. John Hamish Watson.” It was a good name, a deceptively dull and respectable name, but John disliked it. Hated it, even.
“I need to come,” he says, and can’t help but screw up his face, hoping John mistakes it for an expression of desperation instead of the frustration it is. “Oh god, let me come. Please.”
But when I got on the site to buy it, it looked awful. Dead dull and just, I don’t know. I didn’t want it. Caranguard was on sale, it didn’t look awful, so I bought it.
With a weak, hazy nod, Sherlock opened his mouth to respond just as the machine thrust in again, and the only sound he managed was a weak, startled cry. His cock, John saw, was so thick and red it looked painful. As John watched, it twitched and dribbled a thin stream of clear precome onto Sherlock’s belly.
experience now that I’m no longer a ‘virgin,’ by your rather prescriptive and dreadfully old-fashioned definition of the word.”
John rubbed his forehead with a grimace. “Please tell me you’re not monitoring my downloads, Sherlock, because I swear to god—”
Always that question. John chuckled weakly and laid another chaste kiss to Sherlock’s forearm, which made her knees tremble. “For manual sex, no. For intercourse, I’m not so keen on anything above the national average.”
He can see the moment when John gives in. How his eyes go soft and his shoulders, straight and tense, slump slightly, and he smiles. A small one, just a hint of an upwards quirk of John’s lip, but it’s as significant as a speck of dirt on a dead man’s trainer. Sherlock would rather like to place that small smile in a bag and declare it evidence so that everyone understands its significance.
He endeavoured to ignore it, filled his lungs and gathered his strength, and thrusted with… well, not all his might but certainly more strongly and quickly than he had been, still gripping John’s hips to keep him from falling forwards.
A gesture? Gestures didn’t say; gestures implied. They could be misunderstood; they could leave him an out if he needed it.
, Sherlock thought. There was even an infinitesimal note of suspicion in John’s tone. An inconvenient time for him to be clever, unfortunately. Sherlock lowered the magazine, fluttering its pages enough that John’s gaze was drawn to it. Then he said, “Call it a sudden curiosity.”
I repeat, DON’T MEET ANYONE ON YOUR OWN! I don’t know how it works for a consulting detective, if you’re even allowed to pursue suspects on your own or not, but if there’s no one else I can meet you wherever you need me to be. I know I don’t really look it, but I’m very, very good in a fight. Or any other dangerous situation, for that matter.
“You get off on it too!” It was nearly a shout, loud enough that other patrons raised their heads from their own dinners and stared. Their waiter, who had been coming towards them, turned swiftly around and hurried away.
“Oh yeah.” John stopped in front of his door and wedged the phone between his shoulder and ear while he searched out his key and let himself inside. “Very impressive, actually. So if I asked about, say, the bees in Africa, you could tell me about those?”
—until John moans and bends forwards, lowering his nipple to Sherlock’s mouth, encouraging Sherlock to close his lips around the quickly hardening nub and suckle it tenderly. John’s body is pressed against his, their legs entwined, John clinging to his biceps. When Sherlock lets go, he sees—
“I observed. Scuff marks and patterns of wear, as I just said. It was only a matter of judging proportions. Child’s play.”
“There’s the whole rest of my neck to bite too. And my shoulders, my back… might have to experiment a bit to see what I like, but my whole body is more or less yours.”
Just because John had agreed once, now SH thought he would always agree? John should refuse for that reason alone, he thought, although the request itself had made him curious.
He kissed Sherlock as he wrapped his hand around Sherlock’s cock and squeezed. His grip was warm, albeit dry, and it felt so good that Sherlock’s jaw dropped and John could only kiss his bottom lip, which he bit and tugged and then kissed to soothe the hurt.
Then he recalled who he was ogling and promptly made himself stop, making the photo small again and returning to his text messages.
Sherlock, seated at the kitchen table with his microscope and several crushed multivitamins, drops his head back with a grin so Mrs Hudson can see the full collection. They’re glorious, he knows: mottled blue and violet and brown. He looks at them often, and spends even more time running his fingers over them, poking at the marks until they ache.
John leaves the room without waiting for a response. Which is fortunate, as Sherlock isn’t sure what response to give. He suspects
John hissed suddenly, and Sherlock realised she was beginning to twist her body, changing the angle of the strap-on and upsetting John’s balance. Causing her discomfort, perhaps even pain, which was unacceptable. Reprehensible.
“Shit,” John said. “Fucking—shit.” There was a note of discomfort in his voice that returned at least a bit of rational thought to Sherlock’s brain.
“Okay. I can do that. I just… wanted to be sure you were all right.” Still smiling, John bends forwards and presses a kiss to Sherlock’s forehead, then nuzzles his fringe so sweetly that affection floods Sherlock’s body, as fast-acting and potent as cyanide. “You’re doing so well, by the way. You didn’t move at all while I cut you.”
A cheap DVD, a pop down to Mrs Hudson’s with Rosie already asleep in his arms, a confident grin with a bit of swagger as he sat in what he knew was still
thing that can never hope to catch up. His mind thrives without food or sleep, and his body lags until his hateful biological processes overwhelm his mental ones and make him ill. His mind lights like a Christmas tree and revels in the pain of John’s hand, teeth, and nails, and his body collapses like a stalled engine.
A sudden flood of wetness in his arse startled him, and he came back to himself with a shudder. John’s thrusts were slowing and he was whimpering in Sherlock’s ear. Sherlock abandoned his shoulder, jaw aching as it disengaged. He dropped his head back, letting out a quiet “oh” with every wet pulse of John’s cock in his hole.
“You didn’t know,” said John, looking concerned. “Okay. Might’ve been a bit too subtle, I suppose. I didn’t want to—”
“Very little,” Sherlock says loftily, spearing a bit of sausage with his fork. “I remember Mrs Hudson called you downstairs for some reason or another. Everything afterwards is a bit of a blur.”
It tickled slightly, made John squeeze Sherlock’s cheeks a bit tighter between her thighs. “A little suction first,” she said. “Get it nice and swollen.”
And when John does finish his coffee, he promptly bins the empty cup, and the barista’s number along with it. Sherlock makes sure of that.
John doesn’t mean it as an insult; Sherlock knows that, so he smiles. “Oh, it’s fine. You’re improving. That’s one of your better qualities. It might take a while, but you always show some sign of having progressed.”
Had this cat ever been around other cats? Did that cat know how to behave itself? Would this cat be a good friend for her Sherlock, or would it bully him and chase him round the flat like a brute?
As John tried to skirt around him and retreat into the sitting room, Sherlock grasped his arm with an insistent “
John hesitated, nearly ending the text there and sending it. But that wouldn’t be properly compromising. That wouldn’t be going along with it.
“I… well, yeah, but… I might’ve been overreacting a bit. Twenty quid isn’t so much, really, and I’ve already got—”
,” Sherlock said, staring somewhere just past John’s right ear. “Obviously. You have a strong moral principle, and you pride yourself on your honesty and your loyalty.”
Sherlock thought. John was straight, after all. Well, perhaps bisexual, considering this most recent development, but until now she’d seemed quite content to be seen as a straight woman. And Sherlock was reasonably sure that straight women liked cocks.
“It’s… surprisingly clinical,” says Sherlock, and realises only when John’s open expression dims with concern that he perhaps shouldn’t have said so. “But fine,” he adds hastily. “Good. Not a problem.”
The woman was gaping at them now, and quite frankly John felt like gaping too, although he wasn’t given the chance before Sherlock was crowding his space and herding him away. There was an urgency in his stance and his movements, and John let himself be swept away by it. When Sherlock finally stopped his insistent shooing motions and stepped around John to walk in front, John trotted eagerly after him.
It didn’t, obviously. The pain rang in her voice as clearly as a scream, and oh god. That John wanted it despite the pain, that John was willing to withstand the pain to be marked by Sherlock—that John would hurt and bruise and bleed for Sherlock, would
John moved, finally, turning around and letting Sherlock put his coat on for him. “Don’t forget the ring,” he said as he adjusted the collar.
John hadn’t quite forgotten about the parcel that Sherlock had mentioned, but neither was he actively thinking about it until it arrived late that afternoon.
I don’t know that it’s been proven video games have any health benefits, just suggested by one study or another. And I imagine there’s just as many studies suggesting they can lead to increased depressive and aggressive tendencies, particularly in teenagers. There’s also the addiction bit. But thank you. It does cheer me a bit to know I’m not the only person in their thirties playing video games. :)
Sherlock stood, dimly aware that his chair was being thrown backwards from the movement and clattering to the floor. He cleared his throat. Clutching the can, John jerked upright, startled. Sherlock couldn’t meet his eye. If he did, he would flush crimson; it would be disgustingly obvious where his mind had wandered.
It was sudden and sharp enough that John flinched and jerked the BlackBerry from his ear with a muttered “Christ.”
It had never been distracting before. A side effect, John assumed, of having sex with her. She should’ve expected this, really. The last (only) two women John had had sex with she had lost her sodding head over, far worse than any of the men she’d dated. Why should Sherlock be any different, especially considering how, well, fixated on Sherlock she had already been?
Sherlock was only half listening: too distracted by the plaster mashed against her cheek. She had one arm wrapped around John’s left hip and the other lined up with the cleft of John’s bottom, a finger from each hand stuffed in John’s cunt from both sides.
His thumb hovered over the send button, and after a long moment of consideration, he added a little more.
Good guess in your last email. Temporary impairment of a sort. I had a bad limp for a while, had to use a cane and everything. It went away eventually.
John couldn’t help it; he laughed. It was perfectly absurd, what was happening right now just because John had said three words. “How many times are you going to make me say it?”
Sherlock relaxes and settles down on the bed, watching John paw through the drawers and sift through both Sherlock’s clothes and his own in search of his pyjama bottoms.
The lines on Sherlock’s forehead had deepened, although they disappeared when he spotted the scissors in John’s hand, and his expression shifted to one of intrigue.
After a long perusal of the photo, John noticed that Sherlock had also added his orientation (Gay) and what he was looking for (A Relationship).
Now that John was expecting it, it hardly seemed silly at all, Sherlock calling himself ‘Daddy’ in the third person. No more so than ‘You’re so big’ or ‘I want to suck your fat, perfect cock,’ anyway, and John had been perfectly happy to listen to Sherlock say all that.
The last syllable had barely left Sherlock’s mouth before a sensation like a fist, cold and brutal, slammed into John’s diaphragm. He went down, coughing and gasping, clawing at the floor to lift himself up again.
“Course,” John said, “you also acted like a nutter when I started dropping hints, so that threw me off as well. I didn’t have the first fucking clue what to think.”
As his heart stuttered and slowed, Sherlock’s grip finally relented, allowing John a heaving, desperate breath. His cock had long since gone soft, incapable now of so much as a twitch, but still that first gulp of air was so good he thought he might come from it.
But he was already flattening himself against the floor and reaching, grasping the box, yanking it towards him. Its contents rattled and clanged.
Sherlock moaned, sounding completely gutted, and ripped his mouth away so quickly that John’s blood sprayed slightly before the wounds began to close. Pressing his forehead to John’s shoulder, he groped at John’s hand between his legs, pressing up painfully on the knuckles and pushing John’s finger deeper. His hips jerked once, twice, and then he let out a sharp keening wail as he tightened around John’s finger and came. His ejaculate was as thin as John’s had been, and rushed like water over John’s chest and stomach, pooling in his navel.
“You organised this entire bloody night,” John realised, “to get me to trust you. The man at the restaurant singing your praise, this whole show with the photographs and the autopsy reports—”
He considered slouching more and placing his mouth over the growing wet spot in the fabric, but Sherlock was already wanking furiously, grunting with every stroke. So John just bunched up the shirt and watched as Sherlock finished himself off, spilling thick ropes of come onto John’s chest. He went completely silent, and he looked just as gorgeous as John expected that he would. The upper part of his face was pinched—his brows knit, his eyes squinted and crinkled at the corners—but his jaw was slack, his mouth open in a silent cry.
Sherlock made a disgusted sound. “Week-long insomnia is more than ‘a shit day,’ but that’s not what I meant anyway. You never answered my question when we were texting.
John wouldn’t leave off until she was satisfied, Sherlock knew, which meant that it was better to just be out with it, no matter how little Sherlock wanted to discuss her own deficiencies any further. She sighed, glancing away, and tried to sound as though it didn’t matter to her at all.
“Just one picture, Sherlock, that’s all,” Mrs Hudson said, still clutching the hat although the scratches on her hands stung terribly; the deepest two had even begun to bleed. “You don’t want to be like Mycroft, do you?”
Snarling at his own failure, Sherlock heaved himself upright, slipping out of John in the process, which drew a low, pitiful groan from John’s throat. When he pushed back in, he had better leverage, on his knees with his hands on either side of John’s hips hauling John back onto his cock.
No. Not a good line of thought to follow, not if this was meant to turn sexual. Sherlock cut it swiftly off.
And then—oh god, worst of all—came the rubbing. John, stubborn and incapable of leaving any injury alone to heal, reaching hourly to poke and prod at it, grimacing at the ache and occasionally letting out a quiet moan of pain that was not terribly different from her moans of pleasure.
John perked up, intrigued. “Suicides? The—what, Sir Jeffrey and the boy, you mean?” It must’ve been. All the papers insisted that Scotland Yard was investigating, and if DI Lestrade’s team looked into suspicious deaths, that would almost certainly be his area.
“Sorry,” John says with an embarrassed grimace. “Sorry, that was meant to be a touch gentler, but… um.”
“Ah!” Sherlock stopped on one such report, tapping it excitedly with his forefinger. He spoke so rapidly, a long string of words with hardly a space between them, that John had difficulty following. “Arsenic poisoning. Not rare, obviously, but in this case it was
He moans softly at the pain, squeezing his eyes closed, and John soothes him with wordless murmurs and brushes the hair away from his face. Sherlock has never laid his head in someone’s lap before. Has never even considered it as a potentially enjoyable activity, in fact, although clearly he’s been mistaken.
John looked down and all he could focus on was his cock, long and thick, the head peeking out of the foreskin.
John breathes deeply, considering Sherlock silently. His hands continue stroking Sherlock’s hair, and Sherlock closes his eyes, allowing the gentle touch to sooth the rest of his lingering panic.
