“Papa, can I have  ice cream after supper?”
Cas was standing there, waiting for Dean. He was gorgeous and perfect looking. Tears welled up in Dean’s eyes.
The city flew by the dark windows. Sam had taken out his phone and was checking…something. Dean’s head was resting on his boyfriend’s shoulder.
“Yeah, chick flick over.”
“Pff.” Dean rolled his eyes.
Dean scrambled to turn down the burner and grab a towel before the boiling water hit the floor.
Cas sat Dean at the kitchen table before Dean sent him to the bathroom for the first aid kit. When he returned he sat next to Dean, angling his chair and body towards Dean. Cas removed his suit jacket and rolled up his sleeves meticulously. Dean just about started drooling at the thick forearms covered in intricate designs in dark ink. Oh, fuck. It was not the time for Dean to pop a boner.
“Dean,” Cas mumbled but Dean ignored him and just kept kissing him. “Dean, we need to go.”
After they were laying on the bed, panting and sticky. Dean rolled his head to the side to see Cas’ blue eyes already staring at him. It was a thing the guy did, the staring like Dean was the only thing in the universe.
The elevator dinged open and they stepped out into an office. It had been years, and Dean hadn’t even ever been in this one specific office, but Crowley looked the same. Actually, that wasn’t true. The man had more grey in his hair, but other than that he was a spiting image of ten years ago. The sight of the man behind the desk made Dean want to travel back in time and hit his past self in the face. Hard. Memories flashed in his mind and Dean wanted them all gone.
“What?” Shit, Castiel was fucking this up.
“Hey, your kid was the one that started it!” Sam snarled.
“Really?” Sam asked in a lower volume.
“Oh my god! I’m not a kid, Dean.” Sam cried out, throwing his hands up. “I can’t believe you don’t trust me.”
There was a lake with a dock jutting out into the water. Further in land was a small cabin. A garden was planted just to the side of it.
Dean woke to pain. Which was very unsettling until Dean remembered the night before. Scrunching his face, he grumbled and tried to fall back asleep. A deep groan rumbled and shook Dean with it. This made sense as he was currently laying practically on top of the person with his head on their shoulder and their limbs thrown about.
“I’ll be back later.” Sam avoided Dean’s eye before following Caroline in the direction of her car.
“Fifteen million a year each plus commission.” Sam and Dean’s faces remained carefully schooled. “You would keep the right to refuse jobs, but given your history I doubt we will have that problem. You will need to take up a permanent residence within a twenty mile radius from this building. Here is your contract.” Castiel pushed a packet of paper across the table and Sam snatched it up. “Feel free to take and examine it. If you make the decision to work with us you may call the number at the bottom of the last page. You have twenty four hours to make your decision. If you have no further questions you are dismissed.”
If Dean had been any younger he would have come right then and there. Thankfully he wasn’t any younger, that was something Dean was saying less and less these days, but he was thankful because he didn’t blow his load before the main event.
“I look forward to it.”
“Hey, Cas?” Dean started, blue eyes fell on him and he forgot to speak.
“Guess we were both looking for some simple comforts.” Cas smiled.
“Oh, thanks.” Dean’s cheeks tinted red and his freckles shinned through like stars. He adjusted his glasses before stepping back to let Castiel in. “Come on in, we can work in the kitchen.”
With the blessing Sam and Emma darted out of the building. Thankfully the devil child and his mother were gone, so they were able to reach the safety of Sam’s old Dodge Charger in peace.
Dean was trying to be as quiet as possible as he opened the old door and toed off his boots. Then he heard what sounded like the TV. Dealing with a burglar actually didn’t sound too terrible at the moment.
“It’s not-“ Dean sighed, his thumbnail fell away from his mouth. “I just haven’t left her for this long since…before we got you back. It’s been months. I don’t want her thinking I’m leaving or going back to hunting.”
“Emma is at an impromptu sleepover. I told Caroline it was a family emergency and she said it was no trouble.” Cas explained quickly. “You needed me tonight, here. I couldn’t-“
“Race you.” Dean smirked and broke away to run up the stairs.
“You must be the Castiel we’ve heard so much about.” John Winchester was a large man, even with Castiel’s most recent growth spurt he was barely eye level with the man. He had dark hair paired with warm dark eyes.
Sam hit Dean with a pillow. They had a very mature pillow fight, laughing loudly until they got tired.
A few weeks later and him and Cas were just driving around. It was a cool night with a warm breeze and Baby’s windows were rolled down. Cas’ hand was hanging out the window with his fingers playing in the wind. He was gorgeous and he had a relaxed smile on his face. The words were out of Dean before they consulted his brain straight from his heart to his mouth.
Dean took a glance over at Sam and found him dodging Viper’s knife. She was aiming for his brother’s ridiculously long torso and Sam was clearly trying his best not to get gut stabbed.
“Of course it’ll be worth it.” Dean shoved an oven mit on to his hand before taking out the hot dish. “Have I ever let you down?”
“Must you make a crude innuendo in every conversation we have?”
Emma nodded and smiled just a little.
“I know it’s perfect.”
Emma nodded her head.
“Yeah, what one?”
Dean went back upstairs. Crisis averted. Sam sighed, and looked again at the long list Dean had handed him. It was filled with everything from reminders about having breakfast to his niece’s blood type.
Dean’s shoulders slumped in relief. He laughed a little. “Yeah, he is.”
Cas huffed a laugh, shit did Dean say that out loud?
“Hello.” Jack appeared behind Cas. “Dean, you’re here already.” Jack looked sad.
Dean was trying not to hover from his place in the kitchen. He was making dinner, or at least pretending to as he watched Emma and Cas in the living room from the corner of his eye.
Sam for the most part burrowed into books and working out. Dean scratched the days into the wall like he had seen in the movies.
“Just Dean -and Sam. None of that Mr. Winchester shit.”
“Oh, Dean.” Cas breathed out more than spoke. “I hate you had to go through that.”
“Dean what the-“
“Dean!” Cas cried out. “Duma, leave him alone. It’s me you have a grievance with.”
Cas retaliated. Later when Dean was on his way back from torturing one fo the traders with Sam, he had discovered a sign taped to his own back. It read My Perky Ass Belongs to Mr. Castiel Novak.
“Believe it or not I don’t know everything.” Cas had a small smile on his face. Yep. Dean would fight entire armies just to see that smile. “I knew you and Crowley worked together but I wasn’t entirely sure of your relationship just that it ended and he has a… sore spot to say, for you.”
“Do you want to put these somewhere safe?” Castiel gestured to Dean’s glasses that were fogged up. Dean just nodded, he swallowed roughly. Castiel gently took off the thick lenses and tucked them under the seat. “Let me know if it hurts, or if you’re uncomfortable in any way, or if you ever want to stop at any point.”
Sam had been assisting them earlier but he had to go to soccer so Dean promised they would finish. Cas wasn’t complaining, not when Dean would stretch up to reveal a perfect stripe of stomach.
“I don’t know, Dean. He seemed pretty concerned.” Sam was wearing a smirk as he came back into the living room with a warmed bowl of soup.
“See you.” Cas said to Dean’s back as he helped his friend away.
“Chick flick over?” Sam asked but his hazel eyes, they looked more brown today, were still warm.
“Prom is a stupid social event the school spends too much money on. It’s full of sexist traditions and leads to a night of nothing but torturous socializing, sweaty teenagers in uncomfortable clothes, and the weak promise of sex.”
“Fine.” Dean grumbled and continued to pick at the thread on his jeans. “He might not like me anymore if we live together. What if he gets sick of me, or he finds how I…I don’t know, organize the dish washer annoying?”
“Uh, blue.” Recently. Dean added in his head. It used to be red like his  favorite flannel or apples to be baked into his pie. Now it was blue, an electric sky blue, not that anybody needed to know that. “What about you?”
Dean blinked. Once. Twice.
“Hey, how was your night?” Sam asked.
“So what do ya wanna do?” Dean asked.
“Fine.” Castiel sighed. “But I want a smoke before we get there.”
“You’re so embarrassing.”
“No, I…” Castiel was scrambling. “I don’t want you to do my homework.”
“If you eat your dinner.” Castiel’s smile was bordering on watery. His eyes felt dangerously close to tearing up.
Dean was about to correct his boyfriend before he saw the leer in his smile. “Whatever, dork, let’s go.”
“So I went into the office today.” Sam started.
Sam was gone.
“Mary, who is at the door?” The gruff voice made Dean flinch.
Dean shot him a funny look, clearly thinking the same thing.
“I believe so, yes.” Cas’ eyes found Dean and a frown tugged on those soft lips. “Sam, I want a report on Lilith tomorrow at three.”
That time.
“Thanks for calming him down.” Cas smiled.
Another man barreled Dean into the side of a car. Thankfully, it was old enough that an alarm didn’t sound but it hurt like hell either way. A tight grip wrapped around his wrist and his knife clattered to the ground before kicked away in a shuffled of feet. Then Dean was gasping for air as a meaty hand encircled his neck. The man had ugly ass teeth and stinker ass breath, Dean would be an expert as the guy had his face way too close to Dean’s.
“Dean,” Cas’ voice snapped Dean out of his methodical mindset, “you’re bleeding.”
“Take it back.” Dean tickled the soft skin of Cas’ neck before trailing his hands to his underarms.
“Dean, I forgive you.” Jack said simply.
“Where ya going, baby bro?” Castiel shifted his glare from his reflection to his brother who was leaning against the doorway.
“Castiel,” Castiel’s mind went through severe whiplash before realizing the banter was over and he was being addressed. “Is that your hunk o’ junk parked outside?”
“Shut up.” Dean grumbled. He felt his ears betray him by turning pink.
“I’m not in the mood.” Castiel said petulantly. “You’re not my tutor, I don’t know why you care.”
“Hey, Cas?”
“Your face is stressing me out.” But Dean sat down anyway. His leg bounced up and down but Sam picked and chose his battles and wisely decided to take the win.
He was going to be okay. Sam would always be home, but a person could have more than one home, rich people had dozens. Dean had deserved this, he deserved to be loved by more than one person. He deserved to be happy. Cas was his new home, he was soft kisses, steamy fucks, and warm bubbles of laughs. The mob boss was safety and love in ways Sam simply couldn’t be.
“Of course.” Cas nodded before turning to Dean. “I’ll see you at home.”
“Bitch!” Dean called.
Dean stayed quiet. Cas huffed. Dean listened to his boyfriend stomp upstairs and return five minutes later with a bag. Dean looked up just in time to see the door slam close. The sound of crunching gravel under tires was the only sound.
“Hey Sammy, go get something to eat.” Dean nudged his brother’s feet where they were resting on his hospital bed.
As he went back inside Dean made a promise to himself: his daughter was done loosing people.
Castiel kissed the back of Dean’s neck before moving back to his spot at the counter.
“Hell yes.” Cas whispered before tugging them back together.
“-ean. Dean!” The hands stopped grappling for him and a voice was starting to cut through the fog. “Come back to me, beloved. I’m right here. You’re okay. It’s okay.”
“It’s a gift.” Dean said cheekily before going back to sucking a dark bruise into the bolt of Cas’ jaw.
“Dean!” He was clutching his arm, but he was alive.
“Dean,” Dad walked towards him and Dean was embarrassingly grateful when Cas stepped in between them.
“You laugh, but imagine your dad awkwardly giving you a box of condoms and talking about STDs.”
Dean turned around when Bobby’s eyes trailed over his shoulder. It could really be anyone, but either way he was anxious to see who it was. The Winchesters didn’t have a short of people in heaven.
“Your wish is my command.” Castiel said cheekily, making Dean roll his eyes.
“Yeah it does, I may have saved the world a few times or whatever but it doesn’t make up for any of it.” Dean swallowed, he looked at Jack. “I was shit to you when you first showed up. I was angry, I yelled, I was just plain mean. I’ve, and I’ve told you things no kid should ever here from anyone, and I- I-“
Dean downed the first glass and Cas returned with a second.
“Of course.” Cas smiled and Dean turned to capture his boyfriend into a kiss.
Dean couldn’t hear Emma’s response because the water that the potatoes were boiling in began to over flow. “Shit!”
“See, all good.” Dean smiled as Cas seemed satisfied. “Cas, please.”
“Sammy, you ever need me back here, if it’s ‘cause of a nightmare or you think the clowns are trying to come out of your closet, I’ll be here, no matter what, okay?”
“You got directions?” Dean asked as they got into the impala.
“Y, yeah, su, sure.” Dean took Castiel’s hand and they threw their red plastic cups away.
“Yeah?” Dean was smiling ear to ear. Castiel knew even if the night sucked this moment, that smile on Dean’s face, would make up for all of it. “Awesome.”
“Principle Charles is expecting you. Axel and his mom are already inside.” Sarah said while gesturing to an office at the end of the short hallway.
Fuck.
Something like a growl came from Cas’ mouth and suddenly Dean was being dragged into a breath stealing kiss. Unlike the other kisses, this one was heated and rough.
“What’s wrong with Halo?” Castiel asked as Dean was hissing at his brother to eat his food.
What happens when he finds out you don’t want to move in with him?
“I know.” Dean said. “We did all the research we can. Only thing we can do is meet with the crazy boss and get the info from the source. Gotta stop chasing our tails.”
Dean froze.
Dean didn’t have a retort to that. At least, not anything that wouldn’t sound like a Sam when he was trying to find an excuse to get Dean to eat a salad: ridiculous and the definition of grasping for straws. Instead he focused on keeping the car on the road and not crashing into the ditch. He would never hear the end of it from Cas or his brother if he did.
“Eh.” Dean’s toast popped up and he smeared a healthy amount of peanut butter on it. “Don’t judge a book by its cover, or how a mob boss kills people. Got to be more open minded, Sammy.”
Fuck. Dean ran his hands through his hair again. Fuck.
“Nice try.” Charlie waved two tickets in his face. “Now sweep him off his stupid feet.”
Another shot scorched his throat. Then another followed it immediately. Sam was finally feeling the effects of the alcohol in his system. It felt good. If he was being honest with himself…he wasn’t sure what he wanted anymore. Sam had always known what he wanted, he wanted to go to college. Then he wanted to go to college and become a lawyer. Then he wanted to go to Stanford, and so on. Sam always had a dream, a goal, now he was lost.
When Cas came home, their home, he was welcomed by a sight of Dean dancing in the kitchen while singing to a Metallica song that was playing in his head. The sent of warm butter and cheese filled the air. It wasn’t a heavy smell like in a fast food restaurant, it was more of a homey scent.
Thankfully Dean was saved from answering because Cas was pushing in and his mouth was too busy forming an o. Cas slowly, too slowly, pushed in. It seemed to take forever. He was big and he was being so careful. It had been a long time since anyone had ever treated Dean like glass in bed. Normally Dean hated it, but with Cas it was nice. It wasn’t weird or odd, it was warm and it made Dean feel safe.
“The kid read some article about how blue is soothing or some shit.” Dean shrugged.
Dean swallowed as they approached the front steps. Cas squeezed his hand. Jack and Bobby were behind them, their presence offered a reassurance of its own.
“Oh, fuck yes!” Dean moaned as he felt the memory foam welcome him home.
Dean’s room was painted a dusty navy blue. On the bed there was a Star Wars blanket tossed half way on it. There were posters all over the walls of bands, movies, books, and games. Then, taking up over half of a wall, was a book case. Books were crammed together taking up most of the shelves, but lower down there were also games and movies. Next to it was a desk that had piles of papers and bits of pencils on it.
The two were playing beauty salon. Emma was finishing tying Cas’ hair in little ponytails. Dean hoped his daughter remembered her mission and didn’t get distracted.
They all stood in the aftermath. Dean didn’t know what to do. Shock was freezing his system. Then Mom broke it.
Dean couldn’t help the blush that painted his cheeks. It made Cas grin wider, so he figured it was worth it.
“What? Why not?”
“Cas, I -oh my-“ Dean moaned as Castiel sucked a hickey into his neck. “I wanna do something different.”
“Jerk.”
Cas raised an eyebrow, but closed his eyes and took a bite from the fork Dean was holding. Dean watched Cas’ expression go from confused to pleased with satisfaction.
Dean stole one more kiss before joining Sam by the impala. His brother was staring off into the ghost town. An odd expression was on his face. Dean was almost too afraid to ask about it.
“Uh, I don’t know.” Dean scratched at the back of his neck. Then he got up and grabbed his own glass to pour himself some whiskey. “I…probably. I can’t imagine quitting, but I won’t do as much as we do now for sure.”
“Dean and I talked, he says you can only read your twenty minutes of reading time and no dessert or play dates until he gets back. Also we’re going to be doing some extra cleaning around the house.” Sam crouched down in front of her.
“Cas, I have cum drying in my ass.” Dean  pulled at his hand.
“I, I love you too.” Dean croaked out. No he wasn’t crying. “Morphine.” He mumbled as he rubbed at his eyes.
“Yeah, Bobby.” Dean promised.
Dean cut Cas off with a kiss. He held the back of Cas’ neck close as he kissed all his thanks and love into the one kiss. With it, something solidified in his mind. It was an idea that had been around since Sam mentioned it months ago, now Dean knew what he wanted.
Cas chuckled lightly and Dean soaked up the sound like a sponge. He watched the blue eyed man bring the beer to his lips. Greedily he glanced at Cas’ Adam’s apple bob. Further down a trace of ink peaked out from his shirt collar.
“I don’t know.” Dean ran a hand down his face. “I mean, I’m over there a lot and I like all the…you know.”
Then Cas was gone, out the bedroom and out the front door. The make up sex better be good. Who was Dean kidding? Of course it would.
“Please, De.” Fuck, puppy dogs eyes like that really had no place on a face of a man in his mid twenties.  “Just be careful.”
Then Cas rammed into him and Dean forgot everything. There was nothing but rough thrusts and kissing between heavy breaths. It was perfect. Dean’s hands gripped Cas’ shoulders while his boyfriend’s hands held his hips in the same bruising hold.
“‘Love you.” Dean mumbled.
“Back door.” Sam said and they took off down the stairs. Sorry Baby.
“Yeah?” Dean’s heart was still beating a million miles a minute waiting for the other shoe to drop. His brain had finally caught the fuck up with the conversation and he was kicking himself for all the stupid feelings swirling around.
“No, ‘cause I wouldn’t believe you.” Sam sat on Dean’s bed and looked at him expectingly. “At lease tell me you had fun.”
“Haven’t you been hunting your whole life?”
“Wait.” Dean felt guilt clawing at his lungs. “If my dad’s going to hell I should too.”
“Wet wipes in top drawer of table.” Cas mumbled out.
“I don’t you, we’ll have to wait until your dad gets home.” Castiel smiled back.
His phone buzzed. Castiel checked it and found it was a simple “here” from Dean.
“Carrots are supposed to be orange.” Emma rolled her eyes like it was obvious.
Their little spot was just a little ways off the path in the local park. A group of soccer moms glared at them as they power walked passed. They stuck up their noses either at his piercings and faded pink hair or the clear fact he and Dean were in a relationship. Castiel glared back.
A finger began working its way inside of him. “Oh, shit fuck, Cas!” Dean was embarrassingly close to cumming. He was actually thankful when Cas tightly encircled the base of his cock and held it for a moment. It was just what Dean needed to calm down.
“Uh, I, uh,” seriously, what was wrong with him? Dean felt like he was four years old again and the words were stuck in his throat.
“Would you like to go to sleep?” Cas asked, his breath puffing Dean’s hair.
“No,” Sam shook his head, “I would have done anything to get away from Dad. I never wanted to get away from you.”
A dark look passed over Cas’ face and he moved away. Suddenly the open fist aid kit was the most interesting thing in the room to the dark haired man. His bloodied hands began putting everything back into the case.
Sam watched his brother disappear up the stairs. He sighed and ran a hand through his hair. He really needed to go to bed. Sleep had been something that had been avoided. No matter how much his body needed sleep, Sam couldn’t help but drag his feet at the thought of it. Nightmares had been plaguing him since…well since forever but they had been more of a regular occurrence. He was not always sure if the terrors in his head were real or not.
“Always with the stupid logic.” Dean grumbled but gave Cas a sweet kiss before stepping back.
“Well, I doubt I’d be able to focus much now anyway.” Cas smiled and palmed at Dean’s still bare ass teasingly.
Inside there was loud footsteps and some yelling Castiel couldn’t make out. This was followed by a large thunp that made his eyebrows raise in concern. That sounded like it fucking hurt. Then the door opened to a slightly frazzled looking Dean.
Castiel slammed the door to his car and roughly tried to start it. The car sputtered and died.
Sam stifled a sigh while Emma marched in front of him towards the principal’s office. Her chin had unstuck itself from her chest and her head was held high. Sam couldn’t help but to be proud of his niece for keeping her pride. She had the bravery to not flinch underneath a judgmental helicopter mother’s glare. The only thought that dictated the forefront of Sam’s mind was who the hell named their kid after a car part?
“Oh.” Cas mumbled, keeping his head down.
“Go up to your room, I’m going to call your dad.” Sam said gently as they entered the house.
Something in Dean’s voice broke Castiel. He rolled over to look up at his boyfriend. They were still boyfriends, right? They hadn’t technically ever broken up? Either way, Dean didn’t look good. Dark bags were under his eyes and his hair look like he had just rolled out of bed and not the usual finger combed swoop it was usually in.
“Hey.” Dean closed the fridge and opened it immediately, trying to shake the vision.
“Yep.” Dean smiled at Cas. He was having a hard time not smiling every time he looked at Cas.
It was actually pretty fun. The gym was hot and it smelt of sweet punch and sweaty bodies, but the music was loud and the lights were flashing. Dean was smiling and laughing the entire night, Castiel decided the best part was just seeing Dean happy.
It was perfect. Those lips Cas had been dreaming about for months were just as soft as he had imagined.
“I can pay.” Castiel almost winced at how desperate he was sounding.
“Okay, jerk, don’t get eaten by a minnow.”
Screeching tires could be heard out front. The Winchesters burst through the back door and ran across the neighbor’s yard. They ran and ran, ducking between trees, and hopping fences. They came out an alley. The gravel crunching under their feet.
“I don’t know.” Castiel grumbled.
Together they began walking down the make shift aisle in the scrap yard. Fairy lights were strung across the wrecked cars and metal folding chairs bordered the two sides of the aisle filled with their loved ones. Dean did his best not to trip or cry as they walked, Ash standing at the other end because apparently he was certified or something.
Stupid mistake because Dean reeled his head back before crashing their skulls together. Now, Dean was seasoned enough to know that no one won in a headbutt, it was just a fact, but beggars couldn’t be choosers.  So as quickly as he could, Dean came to his senses and used Smelly’s weight to launch him head first into the car door. Then, a well practiced movement, Dean twisted the man’s neck until it cracked and Smelly fell limp to the gravel parking lot.
“What?” Confusion washed over Dean.
“I’ve raised my standards.” Dean hissed before stocking after Cas into the elevator.
“Do you ever stop talking?” Cas asked with a smile as he pulled away, if you could call the tiny millimeter between their lips pulling away.
Dean gasped out as Cas bit down lightly on one of his nipples. His hands gripped dark hair most likely too tightly but Cas didn’t complain. What he did do was switch to the other perked up bud.
“I may as well stay too and get to know the famous Mary Winchester.” Bobby said. He patted Dean back warmly. “You stop by real soon, son. You hear?”
“Yeah, fever broke a few days ago.” Dean sipped at his beer. “Why? You gotta job for us? Sam’s still on that thing you sent him on.”
“Physics.” Dean blurted, adjusted his glasses, and sat on his own bed after grabbed his textbook and notebook from the corner of the room.
“Now that that is cleared up, may we continue?”
Taking advantage of Dean’s guard being down, Cas flipped them so Dean landed on his back on the couch with Cas straddling him. It was actually impressive how his boyfriend was able to keep them on the couch.
Dean watched Cas stretch. He was rewarded by getting a view of the dress shirt riding up and exposing a toned stomach and delicious hip bones. Hmm. The pain in his shoulder reminded him that Cas would not approve of any sexy times for the foreseeable future. Damn.
“Yeah, good to meet ya, Cassie.”
“You love it.” Dean smiled and nuzzled further into Cas’ shoulder.
“I love you two too, we both love you too.” Dean wrapped Castiel in a hug.
“Excellent, if you won’t mind signing the papers. You can mail it to the address following the phone number. I will call you within a week for you to receive your first assignment. Until then I suggest you find a house or apartment of some sort.”
“You’ve never met him.” Castiel rolled his eyes.
“I told you I was going to take my time with you.” Cas mumbled as he reached for the bedside table where a bottle of lube sat proudly next to a condom.
“You ready, Em?” Dean asked as he got out of the car.
Yeah, from there it was very straight forward.
“How long is your landfill fire going to take to put out?” Dean successfully asked nonchalantly.
“Oh, right.” Dean had almost forgotten they couldn’t just ignore the fact they had been attacked again and needed to investigate. Bygones could never be bygones in their business. Then again they had almost killed Cas, so Dean was okay with some revenge. “So…”
Castiel didn’t care much for anyone else in the school with the exception of his few close friends, but Dean was different. He had these bright green eyes and freckles sprinkled across his nose. He blushed easily, fumbled over his words when he was nervous and fiddled with his glasses. He was kind, but he actually threw punches if anyone messed with his friends or little brother.
Dean shook off the thought. He needed to focus so he didn’t end up vamp chow. His daughter would most likely definitely not be happy about that. Nor would Bobby, or Dad, or Sam if anyone every got a hold of him.
“Thank you, Jack.” Bobby stepped in, his hand on the back of Dean’s neck. “You’re a good man, Dean. I think you forgot I didn’t exactly stay gone after I kicked the bucket.”
“Dude, calm down.” Sam swatted at Dean’s passing legs. “Your pacing is stressing me out.”
“Fuck.” Dean whispered.
“I trust you, Cas.” It came out softer than Dean had anticipated and it made Cas kiss him. It was a soft kiss. It had layers Dean didn’t want to pick apart. He just want to feel.
And kissed Cas again. And again. And again.
“It’s time to go, John Winchester.” Jack stepped forward.
“Yeah, that’s me.” Sam flashed his own people pleasing smile. “Sam Winchester.”
Then, without preamble, Dean stripped to only his boxers and jumped into the pool. Cas brain was still trying to get back online when Dean’s head popped back to the surface. His face was soaked, hair sticking to his head, and his eyes were bright.
“You found my secret stash.” Dean said, grabbing the whiskey bottle and a glass for himself.
“You’re overreacting.” Cas rolled his eyes and hung up his own coat.
“Yep.” Dean finished his toast. Then he spun on his heel and began walking towards the door.
The view got better when Cas finally began moving. Strong thighs pushed himself up so Dean was barley inside of him anymore, before slamming back down, ripping a loud moan from both partners. Blue eyes rolled back and those dark eyelashes fluttered.
“Oh my-“ Charlie looked close to strangling him. Castiel took a step back. “Did you ask Dean if he wanted to go?”
“Yep, we’ll get some burgers, some pie, then go home.” Dean held his daughter’s hand as they walked into the diner.
“I mourn the days when my son thought I knew what I was doing.” John sighed.
“He loves you too, Sammy.” Dean said. “I mean, obviously not in the same way, but like I do, like a brother. He’d do anything for you.”
Dean’s hand shot out and snatched one of the papers. It held the mug shot of a dark skinned man, the name Gordon Walker printed at the top. “Is this our sniper?”
“Sorry about them.” Dean said once they were on the porch.
Dean forced himself to inhale deeply before exhaling. His shoulders lost a small amount of their tension. It wasn’t much but it abled him to concentrate. Cas’ leg pressing up against his under the table helped a lot.
“We’re in.”
“Oh, Dean. I think they will be easily persuaded once he’s dead.” Then why was he still alive? Why were either of them still alive? Not that Dean was complaining, it just didn’t seem like a good move. Seemingly reading his mind, Duma continued. “I’m going to get your pledge of loyalty, I anticipate it to be a very bloody and painful experience. Then I’m going to kill Castiel, he will die knowing the person he cares most about in the world turned away from him.”
Tonight, it wasn’t working.
He still couldn’t wipe the smile from his face. Maybe the idea of a punk bad boy and a nerd was a little supernatural, but they might just tell them all to fuck off and make it work anyway.
“You’re forgetting the fact that he stabbed someone in the eye.” Dean mumbled. Sam swatted at him.
It was the annual back to school picnic at Emma’s school and as usual Dean was attending. This year he was with Sam and Cas though, which made the situation a thousand times better. Dean shuddered at idea of the two times he had to do this by himself. The memory of hair spray tickling his nose as cleavage and uncomfortable shoes invade his space flash across his mind. One of the many perks of Cas was he kept away most of the crazy moms.
Dean wiped his hands and blade with a cloth. Gordon’s bloody body lay finally limp in the chair. The clean up crew was going to have their hands full cleaning up the blood and puke stains from the floor.
Dean’s eyebrows raised as he eyed the spreadsheet. Everything was neatly organized. If it wasn’t a testimony to how nervous Cas had been, Dean didn’t know what was.
Dean poked his head into the office to see his boyfriend staring angrily at his computer. Dean bit his lip. Fuck, his emotions. They were making him feel like a teenage girl. He steeled his nerves, told the flesh eating butterflies to take a hike, and walked inside.
Turning to the door, Dean finally addressed the pair of eyes that had been watching him. “See something you like?”
Dean pulled them into a kiss. His tongue played with Cas’ lip piercing. Cas groaned into Dean’s mouth, who swallowed it hungrily. Their kiss became sloppy. Teenage lust and hormones took over. There were teeth and too much tongue. It was perfect.
The next day Dean was standing in the kitchen, their kitchen. The blender he had taken from his house, no, Sam’s house sat innocently on the counter. Sam used it for his nasty ass smoothies and Dean was wondering how long it would take his brother to realize Dean take taken it.
“You’re doing that shit here, ‘cause it’s not stinking up my Baby.” Dean grumbled, but tucked himself impossible further into Castiel’s side.
“Yeah?” Dean was blushing. “Awesome.”
“Yeah, I put that together.” Sam eyed Cas’ jacket that still sat on the table. “Thanks.” Sam shot Cas with a look Dean wasn’t awake enough to read.
When Emma stopped shaking and her sobs turned to sniffles Sam pulled back. “How about pizza for supper, yeah?” He gently pushed her hair out of her face.
“For a paper it’s fifteen dollars for an A, ten fifty if you want a C. If it’s just a homework assignment it will be ten dollars for an A and seven for a C plus.” Dean slammed his locker door shut and began walking away.
Then a shadow moved behind his brother. “Sam, look out!”
“The impala is at your house. I had someone pick it up.” Cas ensured.
“Sammy, you don’t count.”
“Stay. After your call, stay.” Dean quickly continued after a quirked eyebrow. “I’ll behave.”
“Promise?” Dean leered.
“I’ll have someone retrieve it.” Cas promised. He checked his phone and sighed. “I hate to leave, but I really need to get to the office.”
Dean shuffled his hips, trying to get his hard on to go away. Cas groaned. Dean tilted his head back to see Cas’ eyes still closed but he was clearly awake. Dean smirked and let his hand wander down to Cas’ crotch. He began to palm his boyfriend’s erection earning breathy little moans.
“As long as you do as well.” Cas placed a kiss to Dean’s tattoo before biting just above Dean’s nipple.
“I know this is unpleasant, Sam.” A brief flash of guilt crossed her dark eyes. “But you have to understand that the fighting, if it doesn’t stop, can be put on her permanent record or get her expelled.”
Dean was walking away and Castiel was panicking. He could always try again later, but he had the courage already. He wasn’t sure he would be able to approach Dean again, especially after this shitshow.
Dean pulled the chicken strips out of oven.  Emma pulled herself up to sit on the counter next to the stove. She went to grab a chicken strip but Dean batted her hand away gently, scolding her that it was too hot yet.
“Nothing.” She shrugged. “How’s the research going?”
“We don’t want to burn down your house, do we?” At Cas’ considering look, Dean quickly added, “Don’t answer that.”
Dean’s laugh was bright and it took some of the tension from Castiel’s shoulders.
Dean felt a sharp pain in his chest.
Another brilliant idea came to Dean. Wow, he was on a role. Sometimes his genius surprised him.
“Nope, guy with a broken arm says no.” Dean cut Cas off. “Come on, I think I can see my own bone.”
“Where are we going?”
Dean slammed the book he was reading close. Cas and Bobby cut him a look, both grossly pitying. “I’m going to go check on Emma.”
Dean was going to turn his brain off and get fucked; he was being damn fucking poetic again.
“Uh, hello.” Real smooth, Castiel. He almost rolled his eyes at himself.
“Okay.” Dean choked out.
Fuck no. He didn’t have a weapon on him this time. He needed to fight. Dean wouldn’t go down without a fight, but his body wouldn’t cooperate. He was frozen. He had fought before and won and he could do it again. He just needed to wait it out. He just needed…
Dean decided to make tomato rice soup. It was the closest thing to comfort food the brothers had had growing up apart from greasy diner food. It wasn’t like Dad made it, hell no, Dean figured out how to make it from magazine clippings and good old trial and error.
Shit. Which was Castiel supposed to choose? Was there a right option? Castiel had no fucking idea so went for the option that he thought would make Dean the most comfortable. Castiel sat at the desk chair, he opened his legs and straddled the back of the chair.
Cas got on his knees in front of Dean and pulled him into a kiss. The dam broke and tears flowed from Dean’s eyes. He let out an ugly sob paired with a hysterical laugh and wrapped his arms around Cas to pull him close.
“Shh!” Dean snapped, eyeing Cas for any sign he woke from Sam’s screeching.
“Good.”
“How about I eat you instead?” Dean leered and wiggled his eyebrows.
Fuck.
“Friday? I’ll pick you up?” Dean was smiling too.
“Thanks.” Dean said as he spotted Emma’s sparkly purple shirt caught the light.
They laid there in silence for a little while. Castiel was dangerously close to falling asleep. He forced his eyes open and fumbled an arm around for his phone. Dean grumbled as he moved.
“Of course.” Cas’ smile brightened. “I’ll text you, I like making the little faces.”
“Physics!” Castiel blurted out. It worked though because Dean stopped and turned to him. “I’m, uh, failing.”
“Did you just-“ Dean stammered. Cas could see his beautiful smile from the corner of his eye. “Two can play at that game.”
“Alright, angel , sounds like a plan.” Dean kissed his boyfriend to seal the deal. “So what’s first, I believe celebrating was mentioned.”
“No talking before coffee.” Dean shivered at Cas’ sleep rough voice.
Was school out already?
“I love you too.”
“Fuck, damnit!” Castiel slapped the dashboard. “Piece of fucking assbutt.”
They stepped into the shower and Cas reached for the soap and began sudsing Dean’s hair.
“Well, sit sit.” Mary encouraged.
The tension in the room and Dean’s strained erection wouldn’t allow for anymore ogling so Dean shoved his own pants off and removed the rest of his clothes. Cas’ eyes immediately locked on the little tattoo on Dean’s hip.
Dean took a breath and let the words fall out of his mouth as nonchalantly as he could. “So, you packing when we get home?”
“Charlie!” A guy came up behind Charlie and pulled her lightly off of Cas. “Sorry man, she doesn’t handle her pot very well.”
“Dean these hot dogs are gross, and-“
“What?” Sam asked. He turned away from the window to look at Dean, confused.
“Okay.”
“Whatever.” Dean rolled his eyes, slightly worried about his dick falling off from all the sappy shit. “Your turn.”
“Like you.”
Paper Rings
“This is your paradise as much as anyone else’s and you shouldn’t feel you have to avoid anyone. Besides I’m sure you would like to visit your mother.” Cas brought up their laced hands to kiss Dean’s knuckles.
“I’ll see you later.” Cas kissed Dean one more time.
“Probably not.” Castiel shrugged. “It’s sounds too good to be true.”
Dean, of course, noticed Castiel’s grumpiness, but it didn’t deter his boyfriend from being as annoying as possible. All Castiel really wanted to do was make out with Dean, maybe get a sloppy blow job with those candy apple green eyes staring up at him through thick lenses and thicker lashes.
Dean shuddered. He swallowed three times before he was able to talk again. Cas only sat quietly and held his hand tightly. He would squeeze ever so often, but otherwise he was a still and steady presence in Dean’s space.
“Okay.” Dean smiled softly. He kissed Emma’s forehead. “Be good, both of you.”
“Hey, Sammy.”
Dean looked at his cast. Written in sharpie were was Cas + Dean = and a big heart was drawn to encircle the words.
Whether Cas chose to pick up the speed and intensity because Dean asked for it or because he wanted to was a mystery. Either way Dean was nailed at a brutal pace. Words and sounds left his mouth in a stream of babble. Cas was panting, moaning, swearing, and praising behind him. The deep rumble of words enveloped Dean blissfully. His toes curled in his boots and his hands were in a white knuckled grip at the edge of the desk.
Without a word, Castiel shoved his work into his bag. He didn’t look at Dean as he stormed out of the room. Downstairs, Sam had thankfully disappeared from where he had been lounging on the couch with a book when Castiel had arrived an hour earlier.
Emma finished her food without any more fuss. Sam turned what she said in his brain as he washed dishes. He didn’t know much about her mom, just that she was an abusive deadbeat.
“Yeah?” Dean heard Cas get off the bed and then he felt hot breath tickle his ear. “You remember my blue hair?”
“You clean up nice, Cas.” Sam complimented.
Sam liked to think he was a patient person, a patient brother, but he was one second away from strangling the one and only Dean Winchester.
Azazel’s dead yellow eyes still haunted the inside of Dean’s eyelids whenever he so much as blinked. It was almost a good thing to have that reminder because Dean couldn’t believe it. He had been visualizing the day, the moment, the monster was dead for most of his life. His father had tugged them around the goddamn country for most of his life for this moment. In the aftermath of the event, the emotions swirling around were almost overwhelming. They would be overwhelming if there wasn’t an underlying finality, a calm after the storm sort of feeling.
“How do pancakes sound?” Dean asked as Cas was toweling them both dry.
“Sam, knock, you little termite!” Dean stood and shoved his little brother out of the room. “Sorry, Cas. What were you saying?”
“No.” Dean admitted. “I’m sorry I ruined our night.”
The porch light began to flicker with an obnoxious clicking noise.
He stepped away from Mom and looked at his dad.
“Hey, how’s California?”
“Let’s get home.” Dean said as Cas opened the door to the black SUV with tinted windows and they all crawled inside. “My memory foam is calling my name.”
“Shouldn’t you be at school?” Shouldn’t that had been an apology? Fuck, why was he so bad at this? He really wanted a cigarette.
Cas chuckled, it was a delicious sound. “That sounds terrible.”
“Why is John fucking Winchester here?”
“What the hell is your problem?” Dean snapped out. “Do you realize that if you fail this next test you’re going to have to go to summer school?”
“Duh,” she rolled her eyes and leaned into Cas a little. “Now meet Dean! He’s my bestest friend. I’m a lesbian, but if I wasn’t I’d want to-“
A silence passed as they drove through the city. The rolling farmland was cut down by large buildings that passed the darkened windows. Dean’s fingers drummed on his pant leg to a melody in his head. It was too quiet. He hated the quiet. It made him want to squirm out of his skin.
Inside the Roadhouse had just the right amount of people. It being a weekday assured that it was relatively quiet, but it wasn’t so quiet that it would be awkward. Dean tugged Cas by the hand to the back booth. It was a little sticky and stinky but it was where Dean felt comfortable. He only hoped Cas wasn’t grossed out by the stains on the table or the unknown substances on the floor.
“You’re seven shades of crazy.” Dean had seen his fair share of crazy, but this lady took the cake.
They pulled into the Winchester’s driveway. Cas got out of the car before it came to a complete stop and rounded the front to open the door for Dean and help him to the house. The entire process Dean grumbled, but in all honesty his head was starting to feel like it could float away from him.
Castiel ducked out of the school with his bag. It wasn’t like he was going to be able to pay attention to his last block class anyway. He may as well save both himself and the teacher some pain.
“I don’t know if-“ Dean was cut off by Cas’ sharp glare.
“Can you read me a chapter?” Emma asked under her mountain of blankets and stuffed animals. “Please, uncle Sammy.”
“Excuse me.” Dean’s eyebrows raised. “We don’t belong to anybody, pal. You want us to do a job? We’ll do it, take our pay, and move on.”
Instead of thinking anymore. Cas pulls out the box and drops down to one knee. Dean gasps but Cas refuses to be distracted.
“I think we’re getting off topic. We can catch up with Mary later.” Cas said.
“Nope.” Cas kissed him, effectively making Dean stop talking. “I’d rather have one shitty parent around than two, thank you very much.”
“That’s good.” Sam smiled. “I like school too.”
“Uh…” Castiel replied intelligently.
“I hate to do this, man. I do.” Sam could practically see his brother rubbing at the back of his neck. “But she’s going to get into some big trouble one day if she doesn’t stop, and I can’t…”
Dean smirked as he poured soup into bowls. “You’re just jealous.”
“Is a bitch and out of the picture.” Dean explained the situation. How he got Emma from her mom in a diner in New Mexico almost a year ago. Cas was quiet through the entire story. “I just thought you should know before… I really like you and before things get any…deeper I figured I should be honest.”
Twin groans sounded through the room as Cas bottomed out. The dark haired man was hot and tight around him, clenching experimentally. Dean was careful to hold himself still as his boyfriend adjusted. He really couldn’t complain too much, the view above Dean was jaw dropping.
Castiel’s bright, giddy smile had turned dopey. The car made a loud bang from something knocking around in the engine. Castiel flinched at the loud noise and glanced around, no one seemed to have heard, so before his car could catch on fire, he made his way out of middle class suburbia.
“Right.” The man raised an unimpressed eyebrow. “Well if this is “your case” then you can do clean up.” Actual finger quotes, what the hell?
Currently the guy in question was at his locker, switching out folders and books in between classes. Today he wore his usual blue jeans, a shirt with some pop culture reference Castiel didn’t know, with an open flannel and converse. Castiel watched those thick rimmed glasses slide down that freckled nose before getting pushed back up again.
“Duma, why are you here?” Cas was seething.
“So it was Crowley?” Sam asked. “The Demons?”
There were some after parties going on. Crowley was throwing one that was supposed to be good, and Benny had invited both him and Dean over to his own party, but Dean had looked at Castiel and said with a smile that they had their own plans. Castiel couldn’t help the satisfied smirk when Dean declined Benny’s invite.
“Y, yeah.” Dean managed to get out. “Looks nice.”
“Hey, Cas.”
“I know you are. Dean is still going to call tonight just like he always does and he’ll talk to you then. He just wanted to give you some time to calm down.”
“And we wouldn’t want that.”
Fuck, this shouldn’t be hard. If anything the hard part should be over. Dean scratched at the back of his neck. He had been flirting with and teasing the man in the seat next to him for a year now and yet on an actual date Dean found himself fumbling.
“Guess so.” Castiel flipped a page in his book.
“You are going to accompany me to a business meeting with Mr. Crowley, as I’m sure you are aware he is leading the Demons.”
“Don’t dismiss yourself.” Cas chastised, blue eyes sharp.
They end up back in bed, curled up together on top of the covers. Dean’s face was burrowed into the crook of Cas’ neck. Their legs were tangled together. Cas’ arm was thrown over Dean’s waist and his fingers were drawing little shapes into inch of skin exposed at Dean’s hip.
“More than half.”
“Hey, Romeo.” Sam said into the quiet house from where he was leaning against the wall separating the hall way from the kitchen.
“Hmm.” Cas smiled devilishly around his beer.
Cas wrapped his mouth around Dean’s raging hard on. His tongue was playing with the head and slit. Dean’s hands grasped at dark hair. His back arched up and his hips bucked. Cas, not having it, placed his hands on Dean’s hips and held them down. Fingers digging hard into Dean’s skin, definitely were going to leave bruises.
“So, what?” Dean sat up, trying to keep his voice even. “This is where you get off? Get some money and go back to college?”
“Shove off, Samantha.” Dean growled. “Get out, I’m going to bed. I don’t know if you recall over your fangirling but I was shot yesterday.”
He tore out the butt-ugly carpet and sanded the hardwoods underneath. He painted the rooms a light grey instead of the dirty brown and pea green. Dean moved in queen sized memory foam mattresses for both bedrooms. That paired with a big tv and couch for the living room and the little nicknacks from their travels made it a great home. All in all it wasn’t a bad little place. The brothers adjusted well to the domestic lifestyle.
“You’re the best.” Dean smiled before taking in the full refrigerator.
His shit eating grin stayed in place as he strutted down the office hallways. Dean even threw Meg a wink and told her to go get a coffee or something before he slinked into Cas’ office. He didn’t miss Meg’s knowing grin as she gratefully pushed away from her desk.
“Which lots of people die of.” Dean pointed out. He was on a roll, making Sam roll his eyes three times since he walked in less then five minutes ago.
“You-“ Jack put a hand on Cas’ shoulder, effectively cutting him off.
“You’re right.” Sam nodded.
Dean set his jaw, unnerved the guy could get dirt on them, but their sources had come up with jack squat. Their sources may be a nerdy college hacker, the internet, and bits of bar rumors, but still. Dean didn’t like having his private bits poked through.
“He was busy. We’re doing supper instead.” Dean swatted at his brother’s hand as he reached to pick at Dean’s crust.
Castiel looked up to see Dean. Confused, he rolled down the window.
“Of course.” Cas nodded and smeared his dirty hands on his jeans. “Give me five minutes to shower and change. Why don’t you and Emma eat lunch while I’m doing that?”
“My parents’ll be back soon.” Dean mumbled reluctantly.
“You will not be working with your injuries.” Cas gave Dean a stern look that made him almost shiver. “I’m sure Sam will have no problem doing interrogations and punishments.”
“I lived with Brady in the dorms, then in an apartment. Then I moved in with Jess.”
Dean listened to Emma and Cas talk over which ring fit each of Cas’ fingers. Dean was really hoping one of his old rings would fit Cas so he could get his mom’s resized. It wasn’t odd for Emma to be playing with Dean’s old jewelry - well it wasn’t necessarily old, certain ones just weren’t his favorite anymore so he gave them to Emma.
“Hey, Em.” Dean hugged his daughter most likely too tight, but she didn’t complain.
“It’s not very profesional.” Cas more so groaned than anything else. “And I would say that I wouldn’t want to put a target on your back- getting close to me, but you seem to have no problem getting into trouble all on your own.”
“He’s still here right?” Dean asked.
“Are you excited school is almost out?” Sam asked as he shuffled the cards for the next round.
A gunshot went off and the world held still.
“Uh,” Dean racked his mind for the right answer. “Yeah, I guess so.”
“Those men who-“
“You really think this is a good idea?” Dean asked.
It wasn’t one or two, four tops like he thought. It was at least twenty vampires.
“And I-“
Chaos erupted. Sam and Emma cheered and launched themselves off the couch. Emma vaulted into Dean. He picked his daughter up and spun her around. Sam pulled him into a side hug before hugging Cas tightly.
Finally they rinsed his hair a few times and dried it out. Fuck, it looked good. It was a soft pink, the roots were  still dark, but it made for a really cool look.
“I found them fascinating as a child.” Cas’ smile dropped. “Then Jimmy got into some money troubles and he needed me and…well here I am.”
“Cas, I’m gonna-“
“Dean is not an object to be bought and sold.” Cas snarled.
“You son of a bitch.” Dean growled before stalking towards the angel. Cas flinched but Dean was wrapping him in a hug before he could poof away.
“Nope.” Dean cut Cas off. “No shop talk.”
“Fine?” It came out more of a question than an answer. “What’s up?”
“Oh.” Was all Dean said. Then understanding crossed his face. “Oh!”
“So good, oh!” Dean whined.
“Play hooky with me?” Dean asked as he pulled away. “You’re the boss so technically you have no one to hooky.”
Now one of the many great things about sex was its ability to make Dean sleep. He was a raging insomniac on the worst nights, but sex always knocked him right out.
“And why’s that?” Dean asked, nibbling on Cas’ ear lobe.
“I like him.” Emma said. “He’s nice.”
“Dean, I live with you and I don’t hate you.” Fuck, those puppy eyes were at their highest setting.
Sam may be the one who went on daily runs -the freak- but Dean thankfully had adrenaline on his side. Not to mention all the sex he had gave him great stamina in more ways than one.
“A book on local wildflowers.”
“Name one thing you don’t know about me.” Dean raised a challenging eyebrow.
Dean popped an eye open at that thought.
“Just drive. The road will take us there.” Cas said.
“I’ve got you, Dean.” Castiel pulled his fingers back after a few more pumps. Dean whimpered deliciously at the empty feeling. His hole clenching around nothing.
Cas noticed Sam leave and put his phone away. His blue eyes looked heavy. “Dean, I’m sorry. I-“
They plated a second plate before moving to the dinner table. They chatted about the business and various things as they ate. Afterwards they began cleaning the kitchen together.
“Can’t you be the no good bad boy my parents don’t approve of.” Dean pouted as Castiel tugged on his pants and searched for his belt. “Please, sunshine.”
“Of all the colors, Sam had to pick the one that needed three coats to get rid of the paint underneath.” Dean already had sprinkles of blue on his face, hair, and clothes.
“Sorry, Dean but when the creative juices start flowing, you can’t stop them.” Mrs. Winchester’s eyes landed on Castiel. “You must be Castiel. I’ve heard a lot about you.”
“Dean,” Cas’ hand found Dean’s on the bed. “Thank you for telling me. I understand why you kept it from me. I know you’re a wonderful father. And I really like you too.”
Benny came up to them not too long after. He was a football captain and also a part of Dean and Charlie’s D&D club. Castiel didn’t like how Benny looked at Dean, or how Dean would sometimes blush when the burly football player with the Cajun accent would call him Cher or Chief. Castiel was glad when he left to go dance with a girl.
“Yes, it is my car.” Castiel affirmed. “I’m saving up for a new one.” Not that he was doing a very good job at it.
“I didn’t get your name.” Dean said as he unlocked Baby.
“Hello?” Dean could have cried at the sound of that whiskey rough voice.
Dean put Baby into drive and went to leave the parking lot before a thought occurred to him. “Uh, where am I dropping you off?”
“Not possible.” Sam was quiet for a while. His eyes were shut, but Dean knew his brother was awake. “It’s going to be weird for a while. When I went to Stanford it was so weird. I had a roommate but…it wasn’t you, you know? It’s so weird, I’m twenty eight and I’ve never lived by myself.”
There were those flesh eating butterflies again.
Dean had a problem. Actually he had two problems: one was that he couldn’t stop checking his phone for messages from Cas and when he got them he couldn’t stop himself from replying right away -he had to make a no phones at the table rule; number two was that he and Cas were getting serious. They had been dating for a few months and both couldn’t get enough of the other.
“I see you went with the pink.” Dean snorted out.
“He wasn’t a good man nor a good father.” Bobby stepped in.
Cas seemed to be fumbling, clearly unsure what to do. Dean lit some candles sitting on the table. Then he  poured two glasses of wine, and set one on each side of the table. Then he gave Cas a soft smile and pulled the chair out, ushering him to sit, because, fuck it, Dean could be a damn gentleman.
Emma took a breath and turned to Sam instead of the Principal. “I was swinging on the swings with Tommy when Axel told me that my dad shouldn’t have married my papa and they were going to hell. So I jumped off the swing and told him to go away or I was going to hit him. Then he pushed me and called me a freak so I punched him. Then he tried to hit me but he missed and I hit him again. Then-“
Dean’s shoulders sank. Something heavy rolled off him and hit the dirt. His tears dried in a sort of acceptance. “Alright Cas, you’re right. I, I don’t want him here. He doesn’t deserve to be here for what he did.”
“Dean,” Cas pulled away and Dean unwilling allowed their lips to disconnect. “I think it’s my turn to make a “chick flick” speech.”
“No!” Dean exclaimed too loudly because Cas looked at him like he was crazy. “I mean I love having you here, Emma does too. So maybe you’d like to move in permanently. I mean you already have closet space, but now it’d be official.”
“Dad!” Emma cheered and ran over to her dad to give him a hug. Sam’s hug was followed not too long after.
“Would you be able to come over?” Uncertainty was clear in Cas’ voice. “I need your help.”
Fireworks.
“That-“ Castiel cut himself off. That did sound like Dean. “It’s too late anyway, tickets are sold out. We’ll go next year.”
Dean picked up the brush and began to try and even out the pink clumps. He used his fingers to comb through the wet locks. Cas let out a moan and Dean froze.
“Emma, how are you liking your teacher this year?” Caroline asked.
“So I’ve heard.” Castiel squinted his eyes and tilted his head at Dean as if he was something to be dissected. “I’m in position to change your mind.”
“Bitch.” Dean grumbled but pulled Sam into a hug.
“W, what?” Ah, yes as intelligent as always, Winchester.
They kissed again for a bit longer. Eventually Dean pulled away, just a bit. He rested their foreheads together. Those blue blue eyes stared into his own. Love and a thousand promises flowed from those eyes and it made Dean tear up again.
“Jerk.” Sam responded.
Dean took the phone off speaker and went to hang up. “Dean.” Castiel’s voice came through making Dean stop. “I’m pleased you both have decided to work with me, but you will learn some respect or this will not be a pleasant relationship for you.”
“Mom!” Dean exclaimed as they entered the kitchen.
“Fine.” Cas sprawled back across the bed and pulls out his phone.
Cas and his goon who Dean hadn’t gotten a good enough look at to properly name, were scrambling on the floor. At the moment the gorgeous mob boss was on the bottom of the two, a position Dean had a feeling he didn’t like in any situation. Like the good…-what were they? Dean would have to ask later- for now he would go with person. So like the good person he was Dean located his knife and stabbed the man in the back. He twisted the blade before ripping it back.
“Dean, I pay your salary, it would be less money shuffling if I just-“
This was how the next two hours passed. Dean was able to strain his ears and hear Emma clambering around in the junk yard.  Occasionally he would take a trip to see with with his own eyes that his daughter was okay through the window. Thankfully Emma was very good at entertaining herself, one good thing that came out of her terrible few years with her mother.
“Hey, Cas.” Dean smiled as the other hunter took a seat next to him. “Speaking of, how did you know my name anyway, back at the warehouse?”
“I, she’s such a great kid.” Castiel managed to choke out, the tears flowing from his ejes.
“You’re such a dork.” Dean mumbled, his face turning an impossibly deeper red.
“Why?”
They headed downstairs and into the dining room. The table had been cleared and the sink held an impressive Leaning Tower of Pisa impression.
Stars flew across Dean’s vision as his prostate was hit perfectly. A stream of blabber left his mouth as Cas continued to thrust the spot. His toes curled. That heat in his lower stomach was coiling even tighter.
“Not unless you can find something better for my mouth to do.” Dean smirked and kissed Cas.
Sam slowly folded Emma into his arms. He unfolded his legs to fall on his butt so he could rock the little girl back and forth ever so slightly. He wasn’t getting better at this, this comforting thing. His entire life the only comforting he could do was the subtle slightly aggressive comforting for his emotionally constipated brother. Even with Jess Sam had been awkward and fumbling when she needed some support. Now it was easier, to just sit on the floor and rock his niece. It was more natural to him.
For good measure Dean looked at Sam and wiggled his eyebrows just to make sure the prude understood. Sam rolled his eyes, shot him bitch face: “I’m so Happy and Jealous of my Awesome Brother”, and grabbed a yogurt cup from the fridge.
“Yeah, angel.” Dean smiled.
“Hey, watch it.” Dean placed a kiss on Cas’ cheek. “He’s mine.”
Thankfully someone -Hannah- was able to pull some strings and get the brothers in the same room. Which was a saving grace in itself if a small one.
Cas hesitated. Duma snapped her fingers and Dean’s arms was pulled forward, effectively breaking his arm.
Dean swallowed down a whimper and shifted to adjust his pants. Cas smirked before looking over Dean’s shoulder.
Dean was bored. He was absolutely bored. In all his thirty years of living he had never had so little opportunity to entertain himself. He was bored
“Mr. Winchester and Mr. Winchester,” both brother’s heads snapped up to see a woman in a sharp suit, “Mr. Novak will see you now.”
Cas pulled away first, ever the sensible one worried about breathing and shit. The blue in his eyes were navy slivers around lust blown pupils. His cheeks were red and ruddy where their stubble had rubbed. Dean probably looked very similar, equally wreck.
“That’s not fair!” Axel stomped his foot.
“And don’t forget she has soccer Tuesdays and Thursdays and you can’t just drop her off-“
Dean tackles Cas to the ground.
Cas cleared his throat, clearly uncomfortable with Dean’s little smile at the thought of Dean’s mouth on anyone else. “Wh, what set you off tonight? What did I do?”
“Do you have to tell him?” Emma asked in an almost inaudible voice.
Dean officially hated emotions. After he told Cas the truth they’ve been seeing each other more, Cas coming to Sioux Falls to go to dinner or take a drive. It was great, but Dean apparently sucked at hiding when he was….whatever. Maybe, possibly, in love.
Beefy was really laying it on thick. His entire body weight was being used to keep Dean down. It was completely uncomfortable. Seriously, the guy was taller than Sam why was he wearing heeled shoes?
“No, I mean we were never in a relationship.” Dean clarified. “Back when Sam was in college and Dad was… I don’t know elsewhere, Crowley and I hooked up on a few jobs and in other ways.”
Cas didn’t respond. Instead he smiled. Maybe a game of cat and mouse would be fun. He wasn’t normally one for games like this, but if Dean actually wanted to take him out on a date he was going to have to work for it.
“Growing up,” Dean started taking a deep breath. “Growing up there wasn’t always a lot of money, in total or just from what Dad would leave us. After Sonny’s- did I tell you about Sonny’s?”
Dean, all too aware of his eye color, couldn’t hold the heavy gaze. He didn’t even try. In his thirty years on the planet he had learned to pick his battles, normally it was all of them. Some you didn’t necessarily want to win, no matter how fun it was to fight.
“Ugh!” Sam rolled over. “We’re not talking about this.”
With an exasperated sigh, Dean went to roll out of the bed. The arm around him tightened. If Dean was in this position with any other person he would have pushed away forcefully. This was Cas, he had a power over Dean that he didn’t know the full depth of.
“Dude, who died and made your queen of bitching?” Dean grumbled and picked at his cast. Maybe he could get Cas to sign it. Was that too lame?
Working for the Angels and wasn’t actually too bad. Their boss was a major tool who kind of hated Dean’s guts. Really Dean just loved to push Cas’ buttons and see what reactions he could get. It was really fun. His favorite was when Cas’ jaw would set and his dom brow would pop up. Dean’s mouth salivated at just the image.
“Come by my house tonight at six thirty. I’ll cook and then I will tear you apart so the only thing you can do is scream my name.”
“You’re Dean?”
“What?” Mom blanched.
“Get out of here, Cassie.”
“Yeah, Red, I’ll bet.” Dean brushed hair out of his friends face tenderly. “I better get her home. I’ll see you around, Cas.”
Dean fell on to the bed and shuffled backwards towards the bed board. Cas chased after him. Then Dean was being pinned to the mattress by Cas’ body. His hands roamed Cas’ back while the mob boss twisted Dean’s nipples and trailed his hands down his toned stomach.
He walked out on to the floor to find Jerry bent at the waist so his entire upper half was in the engine of an old…Ford F150, yeah that was right. Honestly the eighty year old man shouldn’t be crawling into cars anymore, but Sam wasn’t going to be the one to tell him that. Jerry looked up to see Sam before grunting in acknowledgment and diving back in.
“Let’s go home.” Dean smiled. “You are brushing your teeth before you do anything to me.”
Just as Emma as clearing the area where the parents sat, Billy and Tommy’s parents Liz and Scott came and joined them. This was it. Their little group of sane parents amongst the craziness of parenting and elementary school drama. The only thing that joined them was their children were different. Addie was adopted from Africa by Caroline, a working single mother. Billy had thick rimmed glasses and an obvious stutter that got worse when he was nervous. His twin Tommy had anger issues that gave him a tendency to get into fights. The twin boys also had a sister, Lilly, a year younger than him who was also apart of their little rag tag team.
They were able to get the trial moved to be within a month. Then Hannah promised that they would be able to bribe the judge and the jury. Until then though the Winchesters were stuck in prison.
“Sam,” Dean leveled his younger brother with a glare. “You didn’t give my boyfriend of less than a mouth The Talk?”
Fuck yes.
“I know, baby boy.” Castiel did not miss the way Dean preened under the pet name.
“Emma, Axel has already told us his story.” Principal Charles talked over Sam and successfully stopped his rebuttal. “Why don’t you tell us your side?”
“Emma!” Dean called before whistling sharply. Fifty some kids turned to see if they were the ones being called, all but one going back to play after realizing it wasn’t their parent calling.
“That diner we across from the movie theater?”
“What the fuck are you talking about?” Sam exclaimed. “You were always there for me, and yeah, sometimes I wanted you to back off, but that’s because I was an angry kid who wanted my own space.”
Dean arrived first. It was the typically sticky and dark bar that was basically as much of a second home as road side diners. Castiel wasn’t late, not that they’d set a time, but he was worried about getting stood up. Not that this was a date.
“What am I chop liver?” Cas and Dean pulled apart, both remembering Sam’s existence.
“Oh, I’m not sleeping.” Dean wiggled his eyebrows as he stood. “I have a blowjob that I’m owed.”
Nope.
Dean ducked his head. “I don’t know why I thought you were going to…I don’t know, leave us high and dry. It was stupid.”
“I’ll send him back right away.” Jack nodded.
“Yo.” Dean picked up.
“Dude, that was one time.”
“Jerk.” Sam stuck his tongue out at Dean.
Dean’s hips stuttered a few more thrusts to fuck them through their orgasms before they were both too sensitive. Cas climbed off of Dean and grabbed wet wipes from the bedside table before wiping them both down before. After that his boyfriend collapsed next to him, pulling Dean in close.
When Dean woke the first things he realized was that he wasn’t in the prison anymore. The second thing was that there was a very obvious boner poking his leg. The third thing he noticed was his own little problem.
The hugging and cheering was slow to die down, but when it did Dean couldn’t help but look at the clock. It was late, much later than Emma stayed up especially for a school night.
Cas had other plans because as soon as he opened the door he was tugging Dean into the room to pin him up against the wall before kissing the life out of him. Dean dropped the food bag and buried his hands in dark locks.
Dean was on the burley line between sleep and awake when he felt Cas turn towards him and tentatively bring an arm around Dean’s waist. The last thing Dean felt before completely giving consciousness  the middle finger was a soft kiss at the top of his spine.
“I know.” Cas kissed Dean’s cheek. “But we should be proactive, so we can try to avoid it better in the future, or at least be more aware of it.”
Cas began sucking a kiss into the sensitive area behind Dean’s ear. Dean tried to hold back a whimper. He could feel Cas smirking into his skin.
“T-this is very good.” Cas said after he swallowed. “I understand why you come here.”
“Charlie, are you high?” Cas took in her red eyes with big pupils. She reeked of pot.
“Well, the first thing he said was that I wasn’t you.” Sam smirked.
“No, I saved Mr. Winchester from hell.” Jack’s smile turned uncertain. “He was Sam and Dean’s dad, I thought-“
“Uh, hi.” Dean stared at him with those beautiful green eyes like Castiel had grown a second head in front of him. “C, can I help- help you?”
“M’kay.”
“Dean Winchester, you listen to me.” Cas looked down right murderous. “You are not your father. I’ve told you once and I’ll do it again, you are good. Your soul is the brightest thing up here.”
“Great.” Caroline beamed, teeth flashing in a flirty way that made Sam blush. “I know a great place.”
“You don’t own an explanation to anyone.” Bobby gruffed.
“Huh, I didn’t think I’d ever hear that word from your mouth.” Cas pulled back to lube up his fingers. “Please. I like hearing it from you lips. Say it again.”
Finally, Dean couldn’t delay it any longer. The time was half past three in the morning, and Dean was either going to have to risk having to get gas again or go home. He actually debated it for a long while, once again, anything to distract himself.
Dean wasn’t usually this desperate. Maybe it was because he hadn’t gotten laid in a while. Maybe it was because Cas was fucking hot and he had been fantasying about this for a long time. Maybe it was something else entirely. Either way, Dean couldn’t bring himself to care.
“Cas!” Dean’s fingers grappled for Castiel’s shoulders, his fingernails digging into his skin. “Move, please move, move.”
Both breathing heavy, Cas pulled out of him. Dean didn’t move. He stayed there for a moment, gasping with his ass in the air. After a moment he found the strength in his legs to stand. He faced Cas and gave him a filthy kiss with lots of gasping and tongue. Cas gripped Dean’s hips softly and slowly their kiss became sweet.
Dean gripped his machete and began swinging. He fell into the rhythm of it. Swing, swing, head falls, head falls. Repeat. Then he found himself back pressed up against a wall of boxes, a snarling vamp had him pinned. Dean snarled back and tried to wiggle free.
“Dean.” Crowley hissed as Castiel stepped towards the elevator. Crowley had dropped his voice and grabbed Dean’s arm to get his attention. “What the bloody hell are you doing with Novak?”
“Always making noise.” Came Cas’ voice muffled from the pillow he had shoved his face into.
“Uh, soon I think.” Dean rubbed at the back of his neck. “I got to get mom’s old ring resized and talk to Emma.”
“Yeah, right.” Dean nodded and flashed a smile.
“No.” Came the disgruntled reply.
“Yes, but we can do it later.” Cas ran a hand through Dean’s hair.
“Dean, do you want to talk about it?” Cas sat close to Dean so their shoulders were brushing.
-Kiss me twice 'cause it's gonna be alright-
Castiel looked at him confused before Sam gestured to his own ears. “No not really. My cartilage hurt the most.” Castiel gestured to the top part of his ear.
“Cas, feel free to leave at any time.” Dean groaned.
“Uh, isn’t it like a thing to you lose your virginity on prom night?” Dean asked, his face a deep scarlet and his fingers toying with the buttons on Castiel’s shirt.
Dean couldn’t help but chuckle. “Not how that works, honeybee, sorry.”
“Ugh, this sucks.” Dean kicked at the dirt before continuing his pacing. He felt caged and claustrophobic and he fucking hated it.
“Shall we?” Dean smiled and gestured dramatically for Castiel to enter the impala.
“Dude, if we can go bareback, I would much rather do that.” Dean laughed a little.
“Uh, it was being called, p, pre-“ Dean broke off into a nervous laugh and scratched at back of his neck. “You, you know, that…word and just you touching me and I couldn’t see you, it-yeah.”
Sam sighed and dialed his brother. He hoped Dean didn’t freak out. The newlywed couple still had a week and a half left of their honeymoon. God knew they deserved it, and when the shop was in the Winchester’s name who knew when they’d ever get another chance for a vacation.
“Yes, I know the wound isn’t life threatening.” Cas said bitterly, glaring at the bullet as if it had personally offended him.
“What are you afraid of?” Dean asked as they placed dirty plates and glasses in the sink.
“What was I supposed to do?”
“Dean, what are we doing?” Cas giggled as Dean dragged him from the restaurant by the hand.
“No, not really.” Dean said with his eyes tracking Emma on the playground.
“Alright.” Dean kissed the top of her head before climbing back down.
Gordon screamed. After a moment’s thought Dean took off his green Henley and placed it on a chair in the corner of the room. That shirt had taken him over an hour to pick out, he wasn’t going to get blood on it. Thankfully the jeans he had picked were dark wash.
Cas offered to send some guys to help, but Dean couldn’t do it. It was stupid, but he felt he -and Sam- needed to move him. He didn’t want strangers touching his crap. Not to mention the occasion was…special. He didn’t want some stranger’s crummy hands on his occasion. It had taken multiple trips, but the brother’s managed to get Dean’s stuff moved into Cas’ house. His Knick knacks fit surpassingly well next to Cas’ own. His cowboy hat sat resting next to Cas’ bee sculpture on the shelf in the bedroom.
“Papa.” Emma suddenly said.
“That sounds agreeable.” Cas lips kissed at the bolt of Dean’s jaw, eyes full of lust. “We have all night.”
Then Dean and Cas were left alone in the house. It was quiet and warm. Safe. Dean leered at his boyfriend. “All alone, what shall we do?”
“Maybe.”
“That’s not what you’re worried about.”
Emma dutifully shook her head, green eyes not straying from where they were trained on her Gryffindor t-shirt. A throat was cleared behind him. When Sam turned around he saw the blonde woman who had to be Sarah, who had called him earlier, looking at him expectantly.
“I’m good.” Emma shrugged.
“You two are gross.” Sam said as he poured himself a cup of coffee. “And loud.”
He had smoked a cigarette in his car on the drive over, but his nerves was starting to make him wish for another. Instead he took out his paper copy of local wildflowers and kicked his boots on the table next to his textbook. He lost himself in the familiar pages that smelt of soil and sunlight.
“No info before hand?” Dean asked. “What are we even doing?”
“All my friends aren’t there anymore, they’ve graduated and moved on.” Sam ran a hand through his hair. “And I don’t know if could go back even if I wanted to. I don’t think I can go back and have her be gone.”
“Cas, he, demons, I…” Dean tried to keep his walls up.
Not long after Sam had gone to bed there was a hesitant knocking on his door. Sam, half asleep, made an affirming grunting sound. Emma opened the door a crack and stood awkwardly in the doorway. She seemed smaller again. Sam, like Dean used to do for him sometimes, lifted the blankets wordlessly. He was grateful for the actual bed they had put together for him. The office was now and actual bedroom, it wasn’t like Sam was going to complain about the books so most of it was just moved around to be more functional, so the bed Emma scampered into was a real one and not an air mattress.
“Hey, if we’re done feeling out feelings can we get the hell out of here.” Bobby gruffed. “Get Sam to a hospital.”
“Uh, this one,” Dean pointed to the one
“I believe we have yet to properly christen the house.” Cas hot breath ghosted over Dean’s neck.
Woah! Nobody is breaking up with anybody.
“Then yes, that would be pleasurable.”
“Sam, this is Caroline, one of the few sane parents at this school.” Dean introduced and Caroline smiled and waved as she sat down on the blanket she had pulled over.
They both gasped, breathing in the other’s CO2, as they broke a hair’s breath apart. “Really?” Cas mumbled.
“Geez Dean, I didn’t know you knew how to tuck in your shirt.” Sam grinned cheekily.
“Like a glove.” Emma flickered her hair behind her shoulder with so much sassy business woman attitude it made Dean’s eyebrows raise.
Dean’s eyes bulge in panic. His eyes dart across the table to see Cas looking at him with amusement. Jo smirked before leaving again. Dean picked at the table sheepishly.
“I love how sensitive you are.” Cas mumbled, possibly more to himself than to Dean.
“Hey, whatcha doing?” He followed her gaze where it was pinned to the horizon.
“I’ll send Hannah first thing tomorrow and we’ll see what we can do.” Cas promised.
“Why haven’t you and Dean bought prom tickets?” Charlie demanded.
“No.” Cas made such a short word carry the weight of a thousand. He batted Dean’s hand on his shoulder away and replaced it with his own. Another moment Dean would enjoy expect for the red hot pain that flashed through him at the pressure on his wound. “Just go to your house. I’ll tend to your wound there.”
“Diddja get me pie?” Dean asked as Sam placed a large palm on his head his lips were pierced as he gauged Dean’s temperature.
“Even with the ambush?” Dean smiled wider when Cas gave him a small one of his own.
“Hey, you married him. You signed up for a lifetime of stopping his freak outs.”
“Do you want to sleep now?”
“Cas, nothing is wrong. I don’t mind that she wants to call you papa, in fact I’m fucking thrilled.” Dean put their foreheads together. “I just thought you looked like you needed a minute.”
“Of course.” Cas leaned down and kissed Dean softly. The kiss only lasted about two seconds, but that seemed to be long enough melt Dean into a puddle. The nurses were going to need a fucking spoon to get him out of bed because he was a warm, golden pile of goop.
“Are you listening?” Dean’s annoyed voice snapped Castiel out of his head.
“You going to tell me about these now?”Cas asked, his fingers brushing over Dean’s tattoos.
“Cas, you came.” Dean smiled brightly.
“Yeah, he wanted to be exclusive or whatever.” Dean shrugged but immediately regretted the action. “I didn’t. He got kinda possessive even though we were never really a thing. It took a lot to get him to back off. Then Sam came back and that was that.”
“Don’t you fucking touch him!” Cas snapped from where he was held by Ponytail.
Everything was so not awesome. Castiel glared at his reflection in the full length mirror in his brother’s room. He had taken the suit from the closet in Michael’s old room.
“Dean,” Bobby started as they continued walking. “We don’t know what we’re walking into here-“
“Yeah, well…” Was that a blush on Dean’s face? “It’s still awesome you’re here.”
A silence followed, heavy. Fuck here it came.
That was how Castiel found himself parked on the curb in front of Dean’s house. It was a yellow split level house with a white porch on the front with a swing. It was clearly an older home, not like the mansion Naomi owned and graciously allowed her kids to live in.
“So what exactly do we do here?” Sam asked.
“Jack, why is John Winchester in heaven?” Cas asked. “When you told me Sam and Dean’s father was here I assumed you meant Bobby.”
“Really?” Dean had been alone for two years before he got Sam. Sam had been  gone for a while and his Dad decided they would make more money, get closer to finding Mom’s murderers, if they split up. Dean quickly found he hated being alone.
The house looming ahead was just as he remembered from his short childhood and that one time it was haunted. It looked brighter now. Would it have looked like this if he had gotten to grow up in it or is this a heaven only kind of glow.
“Cas, I’m gonna cum!” Dean cried out as Cas flicked his nipple.
“I gotta wash up.” He mumbled.
“Dean, you’re a great dad, and Emma isn’t going to change her mind about that in two weeks.” Sam said. “Besides, after this you won’t get another vacation alone for twenty years so now’s the time.”
Sam’s heart melted at his niece’s words. He remembered when he was younger, he would sometimes pick movies he knew Dean liked. Sam’ll complain forever about watching “Die Hard” again, but it would be a cold day in hell when he refused to watch it when his brother asked. When Dean enjoyed a movie it often made it ten times better.
He spun around and pushed back frantically. No no no. Not again. Never again. Words of protest may be leaving his mouth, but Dean was too far gone already. Hands reached at him and Dean lashed out at them. He sank to the floor and folded himself inward, protecting his head and keeping his legs locked tight against his body.
“What’s the surprise?” Cas asked doubtfully.
“You pick and I will be right back with a snack.” Cas gently untangled himself from Dean before standing and heading to the kitchen.
“Shut up.” If Dean kept picking at this thread he was going to start a hole in his jeans. Where these his favorites? He couldn’t remember.
“And what did he say?” Sam’s voice got a harsh, protective edge to it.
“You asked for it!”
“Thank you.” Dean smiled. “Was that so hard, oh ruthless one?”
Hunter hit his back and Dean took out his gun and shot him in the chest. Screw subtlety, it was dead. He turned and shot Viper next.
Hey, Dean had seen that greasy ponytail before. Beefy was starting to look familiar too.
They both thank her, and she’s off again. Dean bit into his burger and almost immediately choked on it. The sound across the table was deliciously dirty. His head snapped up to see Cas’ eyes blissfully close as he chewed on his burger.
The drive home was quick, Cas lived surprising close, only about fifteen minutes away. Dean tried to sneak into the house as quietly as possible, not wanting to see his brother’s smug face or answer his girly questions.
Dean lead Castiel through a hallway full of shoes in disarray and coats in varying degrees of hung up on the hanger. Next was the living room where Sam laid sprawled out on the couch with a book in one hand and Batman playing on the television.
“I have my ways. Don’t change the subject.” Charlie flipped her hair over her shoulder.
“Because-because It’s what you want.”
“Yeah, yeah.” Sam smiled.
“Thank you, Dean.” Something flashed in Dean’s features that Castiel didn’t ha e the people skills to figure out.
But he had a brother and a daughter who were most likely getting very impatient.
Sam was powerless against his niece’s puppy dog eyes. “Fine, one chapter.”
“De-“
Dean was leaned over the sink spitting out a glob of toothpaste when hips pressed flush against his ass behind him. Hands wrapped around his chest and breath tickled his ear.
“Do want to figure this out or not?” Sam’s bitch face, the I’m a Smarty McSmarty Pants one. “A pro con list is the best way to do it.”
By the time he had finished cleaning up the mess he made he began cleaning the rest of the kitchen. Only an hour later the sound of the front door opening made Dean freeze.
“Dean! Fuck, yes.” Cas moaned, jacking them off together.
“We aren’t stopping.” Dean met Cas’ icy glare. “I’ll drop you off at your office then head home and patch up.” Dean reached for his flannel and pressed it against his shoulder. He tried to hide his wince, but Cas’ eye roll told him he failed.
“Cas.” Dean whispered because it was all he could manage as his throat was clogged with emotions. “Fuck.”
“Dean loves you a lot, and he’d rather be here with you than hunting all the time.”
“Don’t touch him again.” Cas growled.
“Cas was able to call me on speed dial so I heard some of it.” Sam shrugged. “Put together the message that my dumbass brother needed saving.”
“Of course.” Cas’ eyes crinkled at the corners.
Sam was at the library doing his nerd shit, maybe trying to fight off the elderly librarian: old ladies loved Sam, it was really funny. Cas was busy at the office all day. Charlie had finals to study for.
Six thirty couldn’t come fast enough. Dean was baking a pie, trying to kill time. Ironically the hit man wasn’t very good at killing time.
It was a long process. He almost worried they were going to run out of dye. He did his best to coat the hair evenly all around. Cas moaned softly occasionally which Dean couldn’t help but smirk at.
“Fine.” Dean rolled out of bed and began gathering his clothes. “But I’m only doing this because I love you.”
“Dean.” Cas finished signing something before standing and giving Dean a kiss.
With the risk of ruining things, Dean was hesitant to admit how good everything had been. The last year of dating, even the last two years of knowing Castiel Novak had been the best of his life. The Winchesters had enough money to live comfortably. They had a home that wasn’t on four wheels. Dean was in love. Dean had even seen a woman they had worked with that had made goo goo eyes at Sam. Maybe there was something there for his brother…
Duma walked over to Dean and grabbed a fist full of his hair. His head yanked back and his hickey covered neck was exposed. “Keep your mouth shut, or I will destroy this pretty face of yours.”
Dean felt a strange feeling in his chest. It definitely wasn’t the hang over. Like a man, or more accurately, like a Winchester, Dean shoved it down and turned the impala towards home.
“Shut up, bitch.” Dean laughed and tugged a strand of his brother’s hair. “And while we’re on the subject, what about the girl, Eileen, at the last job? She was checking you out, man.”
“You did this to yourself!” Dean danced his fingers down Cas’ sides. More laughter bubbled out of Cas.
The entire aura of the house screamed lived in. It was welcoming and warm. It was nothing like Castiel’s own home, this one wasn’t just a house. The walls were an off white which would have been boring if their hadn’t been pictures to fill the space. In multiple frames that correlated there were family photos. They weren’t like the stiff ones you paid for that Castiel had suffered through. They seemed to be impromptu in the moment. Dean was ushering Castiel into the kitchen, but he was hoping to get a better look at the pictures later.
“Think you can introduce me?”
Dean got up and flipped through the movies in the entertainment center. He was searching for an adult movie, so they could take some advantage of the house to themselves. As he searched though, movies he would normally jump on the chance to watch he didn’t feel in the mood for. Dean didn’t want anything violent or with sex scene or innuendos. His hand fell over a  well worn tape cover and popped it in the player.
“Okay.” Dean closed the textbook. He had gotten a little less short with Castiel as the time had passed, but he still clearly wanted to be elsewhere. It hurt, but Castiel had a feeling Dean was closed off for other reasons. “That’s all we’re getting to.”
People screamed.
Sam’s face softened and he came over to sit on the other bed opposite of Dean. He placed his elbows on his ridiculously long legs and got that kicked puppy dog look on his face. “I’m good with our lives, I’m good with us, but retirement is something we should plan for even if it is in forty some years down the line. The bottom line is this guy can give us more money in one year than we see in three. When we do decide to retire we won’t have to worry about credit card scams.”
“Because you and me are fucked up six ways to Sunday, and the only reason you can tolerate living with me all these years is our raging codependency.”
“Fine, fine!” Cas relented. Dean pulled his hands away. “Pie is the best dessert.”
The words tumbled clumsy out of his mouth. “I’ve got a kid.”
“Were you and Crowley…” Cas started as he began packing Dean’s wound. The bullet sat in a cup on the counter.
“Yeah, bumblebee.” Dean smiled against Cas’ lips. “What do ya say, want to be all domestic with me?”
Cas pulled away, seemingly startled by the beeping. It took Dean a moment to get some blood back to his brain in order to remember what that beeping was.
“The Yellow Eyed Demon, my visions.” Sam downed his…somethingth shot. “Are you going to keep hunting?”
Dean shrugged and began putting tools back to their place on the cart. “Can’t blame him, like you said, Sam and I are the best.”
“I’m going to ask Cas to marry me.” The words left Dean’s mouth before he could stop them.
Cas gagged at the thought. Then they continued walking back to their vehicles in a nice silence. Dean was throwing his bag in the back of the impala. He felt Cas lingering awkwardly which wasn’t unusual but the hunter seemed to have something on his mind.
“Yes.” Cas said shortly. “I’ll be there in fifteen minutes.”
“I love you too, honeybee, so very very much.” Castiel folded his arms around the little girl and tried his hardest not to cry. “Would you like to grab your book and come down to read with me?”
“Don’t work too hard, you owe me pancakes.”
“Hey, easy there Lord Montague.” Dean jumped in. He pushed Sam away so he could look his brother in the eye. “Yeah I’ve been hurt a bit more than usual these past few weeks, but now that Duma is taken care of and we finish weeding out the rest of her minions things should go back to normal. I’ll bet you the impala those guys that jumped us a few weeks ago were working for her.”
Then, while exiting his morning shower because, well morning wood, and Dean hadn’t gotten laid in a record breaking about of time, he noticed his wound was practically healed. The bullet hole near his shoulder had scabbed over and the new skin underneath was a light pink. Dean had never been so happy for a wound to heal.
“It wasn’t stupid.” Cas pulled Dean in for a hug. “I understand why you were concerned, but I promise you have no reason to be, not with me.”
“Make me, bitch.”
“Her mother-“
Today was the last day, or night rather, of the schedule. Dean’s room was stripped of everything but the bed, dresser, and a few posters. It felt so bare, all of the books, the weapons on the wall, all gone. It felt so empty.
“Eew, gross.” Sam gagged.
“Look!” Dean pulled his collar back to show the healed wound. “I’m all good to get thoroughly fucked now.”
“Green.” Cas stared right into Dean’s fucking soul.
“Thanks for this.” Dean said, smiling sheepishly. “I know this isn’t exactly your scene.”
“I just got back from picking Emma up from school. The principal called, she got into a fight with another kid.”
Cas cut Dad a glare but stepped to Dean’s side instead. The sleeve of his trench coat brushed against Dean’s arm.
“You’re not much for…” Cas glanced at the tangle of limbs behind Dean all in varying stages of sober.
“Am I doing something wrong?” Dean asked.
“Is this about Lisa? I thought you liked her.”
Dean gave him a kiss. “I had a fun time, do it again sometime?”
As soon as they were inside, Cas and Dean raced upstairs to the bathroom. Dean really wanted a heavy make out session, but he could not deal with the salty taste of terrible hot dogs. As quickly as the could they brushed their teeth.
Cas fucked him through both their orgasms before flopping down next to him on the bed. Dean stared at the ceiling for the moment before letting his head lull to the side to look at Cas. Blue eyes were already looking at him. There was something heavy behind those eyes that Dean…couldn’t deal with. He looked down.
Sam pulled up to the school and managed to park between the lines before storming his way inside. He had only been inside the elementary school a few times when he was younger and a couple of more times as an adult for Emma’s concerts, but he was able to find the office easy enough. It was thankfully right next to the front entrance.
“Yeah. I mean I learned a lot about myself in college, but I was never really me. All my friends, even Jess, they didn’t love me. They loved Sam Campbell who couldn’t even sit through Halloween movies. They wouldn’t like the real me, the Sam Winchester who likes killing people.”
“You stay away from him!” Sam barked.
“Thanks, why don’t you go over pack a bag. We’re going to be heading over to Grandpa Bobby’s soon.” Dean kissed his daughter’s forehead before heading outside.
“‘Love you too.” Dean kissed Cas hard. Those lips were like home, soft and chapped as when he had first pressed his own lips to them.
“What do you want to study?” Castiel turned to Dean who was stuffing food in his face.
Castiel flipped his brother off fondly before  swinging his other leg over the ledge and hitting the ground smoothly. He was forever grateful that his suit didn’t rip.
“Dean, what-“
“Ready for this?” Dean asked, linking Cas’ arm with his own.
Dean snapped out of whatever daze he was in. “Yeah.” He grabbed his shirt and pulled it over his head.
“Can we play a game?” Emm asked.
“Cas.” Dean whined, he pushed his boyfriend of two months away. “I’ve got to finish this.”
“Doesn’t matter, ‘cause you’re going to bed on time.” Sam said. “So deal the cards.”
“Of course.” Cas smiled before it lost some of its glow. “I doubt you will see much of me this next week or so. I have a landfill fire to put out.”
“You couldn’t tell?” Dean looked up when he didn’t get a response. At Cas’ insecure look he continued. “It was awesome.”
“Yeah, Dad?” Emma absentmindedly asked as she sucked and licked at her own chocolate ice cream.
“My friends and I went when they were in Topeka a couple years ago.”
-The moon is high-
Castiel’s eyes widened, every flat surface of the kitchen and conjoining dining room was covered in pots, pans, and plates. A middle aged woman who looked a lot like Dean was stirring a pot and looking at its contents like it had just pissed in her shoes.
The car was in sight, not even one hundred feet away,
“Cas.” Dean walked around the desk and began nipping at his boyfriend’s neck.
Cas didn’t stay too much later after that. He did end up walking home alone that night, but he didn’t go to sleep for a long while. Instead he tried to stalk Dean on the internet.
“There see, that wasn’t so hard.” Dean smiled victoriously after clearing his throat.
Dean followed the road. It winded smoothly. The wind whipped through his hair and he couldn’t help but smile and push the engine harder. Baby roared and he let out a woop of delight. Cas smiled next to him and laughed happily.
“Drop your weapons!” One of the officers shouted.
“Mom.” Dean’s face got red and he stabbed at his food. “We’re not dating.”
Cas pulled two conforms from his discarded jeans. With practiced hands, Cas rolled a condom on to himself before doing the same to Dean.
“Yeah, yes!” Dean groaned. “Fuck!”
“So I was working on the case and following some leads.” Castiel picked at the water stain on the counter. “I was stressed and ended up sleeping with one of bartenders. That night I woke up to him trying to tear my heart out.”
“I love you.” Dean said, wanting to say it before his boyfriend fell asleep.
“Cas,” Dean whimpered.
“Alright, before we get started with that fun.” Duma flicked out a blade and dragged it along Cas’ face. “What is the code to the currency vaults?”
“You’re such a dork.” Dean kissed Cas’ cheek. “Hey, the gross hotdog line is down. Let’s get some food, see if we can get the munchkin to eat something.”
“Hey, Em?” Dean began, licking at his chocolate ice cream cone.
“Yeah?” Sam asked cheekily.
Thunder.
Sam and Dean shared a look before sitting in the two chairs across the desk from Castiel. The blue eyed man picked up the lone thing sitting on his desk aside from a cup of pens, a folder.
“I don’t need a hospital, we’ve got bigger problems.” Sam shook his head. “We’ve got a sling somewhere I can-“
“Then why is he gone all the time?” Emma’s green eyes cut into Sam.
Cas usually hated parties. They were too loud, someone always bumped into him so he spilt his drink, and it ended with him walking home because whoever gave him a ride was either too drunk, too high, or missing completely. The only reason Cas was at this party was it was his best friend’s, Gabe’s. Gabe had promised to give him a ride to the new bee exhibit with him.
Fuck, Cas looked fucking hot.
“Cum for me, Dean.” Cas gasped out.
Maybe this wouldn’t work. Maybe Cas would realized, if he hadn’t already, that Dean wasn’t as smart as he thought. Maybe he would find Dean’s quirks annoying or his habits unbearable. Maybe he would simply realize Dean wasn’t worth his time outside of work. Maybe-
-Which takes me back-
It wasn’t a question, but Dean felt he was supposed to answer it anyway. “Yeah, sunshine, he is, but we’re going to get him back.”
“W, what would you think if I asked Cas to marry me?” Dean braced himself.
“It’s alright, honey, I forgive you.”
“Come on, Em, it’s time for bed.” Dean said.
Cas was trying really hard not to be one of those people. Gabe had warned him about Dean after Cas had tried to nonchalantly ask about the guy. He had told Cas Dean was really nice and sweet but he didn’t do relationships. The guy liked to sleep around but not much else.
Dean shook his head, hoping to shake the idea with it.
Dean pulled the ring out of his pocket and dropped to one knee. He had thought it would feel stupid, but he didn’t. He had tears pressing at his dam and Cas was openly crying. Dean kept going.
“Yeah, you sap.”
“This is a good one.” Dean said, scooting in next to his brother.
“A gag gift from Gabriel for my birthday.” Cas said mournfully. Dean made a mental note never to tell the Angel’s best undercover agent his birthday.
“Hey, Cas?” Dean tried to think for a moment to ask an important question. “How did you know I didn’t have an STD or some shit when you gave me that blow job
“I’m actually going to kill you.”
Dean drove out to a field and got out, they had been there before: an after date sexy time spot. The stars shinned brightly above alongside the moon. A warm breeze cut the spring evening chill and made the wild flowers whisper. Even Dean had to admit it was perfect.
Dean froze. Yeah, Bobby had mentioned Dad was just up the road with mom but then Cas had shown up and he hadn’t had a chance to process. Honestly he was hoping heaven was big enough he could avoid his father for the most part.
“I ever tell you I almost regret going?”
They get into Baby who had been sitting dutifully at the back end of the parking lot.  Dean tried to wipe off most of the blood and dirt before plopping down into his car. Cas situated himself in the passenger seat.
“No, actually, it’s a weapon if you try to change your mind.” Dean quirked up a smile. Then he quickly backtracked. “I mean, it’s fine if you have, but I’m keeping the coffee then-“
“I got a question.” Dean said, jaw working. “Why the hell are you interested in dropping that much cash on us? Don’t you have some suits that’ll do the whole don’t ask questions thing?”
“Whatever you’re making.” Castiel moved to prop himself against the counter, the little corner he liked to watch Dean cook from.
It wasn’t necessarily true. Castiel had a solid D plus. Normally he was a B student if he didn’t mind the class but physics was his last class of the day and most of the time he couldn’t be bothered to show up.
“Yeah, housekeeping wasn’t happy.”
Emma and Dean got back into the impala and began driving back to Bobby’s. “So what do you think of Cas?”
“Hey, above the fridge to an eight year old is practically Fort Knox.”
“Boys.” An older officer came and unlocked the cell. “You get one phone call.”
The kiss turned passionate and heated. Dean’s tongue slipped into Cas’ mouth and his hands griped dark hair. Cas moaned and his hands gripped Dean’s waist tightly. Dean explored Cas’ mouth, wanting to know every bit of it. Cas’ hands slipped from his waist and groped his ass.
The third day Castiel was laying in the field when he heard a rumble of a car behind him. He could recognize that sound anywhere. Castiel heard the impala door open and footsteps coming towards him.
Tonight they had just finished a standard ghost hunt.
Naturally, it was a different time. Dean’s dick twitched at the prospect of Cas fucking him, especially over his desk. Hmmm. Dean just about damn drooled at the picture his imagination was drawing up. His boyfriend’s dom brow was bound to make an appearance. Yes, that sounded nice.
“So what? I can take her to school, watch her for a weekend, sign her school papers, but I can’t say she can go over to a friend’s house for the afternoon?”
“Gotta a car to get rid of.” Dean couldn’t help the dreamy smile on his face. “Then I’ve got a date tonight.”
“It’s gross looking.” Emma pouted at the sweet potato.
Heat was coiling in his stomach as his orgasm built and built. “Cas, Castiel.” Dean groaned.
“I love you, too.” Sam smiled cheekily and danced out of the kitchen before Dean could go through with his stabbing threat. Fucking, little brothers being little shits.
“I don’t know what went wrong.” Cas glared at the mess of the room. Dean smiled and used a damp towel to clean the mess off his boyfriend’s face.
At the diner table they talked about what Cas did in the office and what Dean did. The entire scene was soft and domestic. Dean’s socked foot was brushing against Cas’ under the table. The food sat warm and homey in his stomach.
“Hey, last round, okay?” Sam said, glancing at the clock in the living room. “Your dad will never leave me in charge of you again if you’re crabby tomorrow from being up too late.”
“I’m glad.” Cas smiled.
“Your boy toy won’t be harmed if he can learn to behave himself.” With that all hope drained from Cas’ face. Yeah, Dean was screwed.
“Sam.” Cas nodded on his way out.
“Dean.” Cas gently pulls at Dean’s hand as he stop walking. “Uh.” He fumbles and licks at his lips before swallowing roughly.
“Okay.” Dean reached for Cas’ hand again. “Just up the road, right?”
“There’s something I think may be another ghost in New Jersey.” Cas said as he put on his shirt. “Want to check it out?”
Dean laughed manically as he tackled Cas. The mob boss cried out and arched away from him, but he couldn’t go far with Dean’s legs straddling him.
“Yeah.” Dean said quietly. When Castiel looked up his boyfriend was back into his book.
“Eat your soup, bitch.” Dean snipped as he set the bowl and plate with the sandwich on it on the table.
His boyfriend didn’t respond. Instead he took Dean into his mouth and began thumbing at the fluttering hole just beyond that. Dean laid there babbling and moaning, trying his best not to squirm as Cas practically tortured him in the best way.
“I don’t know what your favorite color is.”
“Stop picking at those; they’re your favorite.” Sam batted at Dean’s hand. Yes, his brother was definitely a mind reader. “Cas is still going to love you after you move in.”
“How about dinner?” Dean called behind him.
“Lilo and Stitch.” Dean admitted a little sheepishly. “Is this hot chocolate?”
“Thank you for stating the obvious.” Cas snarked before sighing and turning to look helplessly at the mirror. “I did it by myself last time and it was fine.”
“But we were in the middle of something.” Cas rolled his hips into Dean’s in a valiant attempt to distract him.
“I’ll see you at six thirty.” Another soft kiss and Cas was brushing past Dean. “Oh, and don’t touch yourself, or there will be consequences and I will know.” Then the mob boss was out into the hallway before disappearing completely.
Crack.
Fuck, it never got old.
“Dean, are you alright?” Cas called. “Do you need help?”
“Various things.” Something dark came to Cas’ eyes and it made Dean’s heart beat quicken. “Some quotes from books and poetry, flowers, sigils. I’ll show you sometime.”
Sam and Dean pulled up the house. It was in the middle of fucking suburbia, so it had taken them an extra thirty minutes to reach their destination. Screw the Bat Cave if Dean had a secret hideout it would be in the middle of a cookie cutter neighborhood in the suburbs. No offense Bruce.
“We’re getting hitched!” Dean announced.
“Here.” Dean took Cas’ left hand and slipped the ring onto his ring finger. It was a perfect fit, Dean owed Emma a pie.
He ended up needing surgery for his arm. The bones needed to be pinned and bolted together. It was a quick surgery and Dean came to in a stark white room. His nose was set and a navy blue cast was encasing his arm. The cut on Cas’ face had a bandaid on, otherwise they were all as good as new.
“I love you too.”
“Always with the innuendos.” Cas rolled his eyes and picked at the sauce stuck at the back of his hand.
“Mmm, Cas, fuck yes.” Dean groaned. “Harder, fuck shit, yeah, harder.”
Cas accented his words by pulling Dean’s hips flush with his and grinding their crotches together. The atmosphere went from sweet and soft to hot and steamy in point two seconds.
“Axel Berg in my kindergarten class called his dad Papa.” Emma explained. “It’s like Goldie Locks and the Three Bears with Papa Bear.”
“The guy’s got a stick shoved so far up his ass it’s practically shooting out his mouth.”  Dean sipped at his soup.
“I swear to-“ Dean jabbed his paring knife in his brother’s direction. “I have no issue with stabbing you if you continue that sentence.”
“Dean, thus far I have been on your parent’s good side. I’d like to stay there.” Castiel did his best to try and pull on his underwear and wiggle himself from his boyfriend’s koala like grip.
“Yeah, this shindig is always huge.” Dean grouched. “The school gets a lot of money for this crap and the PTA goes all out.”
“Cas!” Dean raised his voice and caught Cas’ attention. “Relax, I’ll go get Gordon here to spill his guts. You finish up all this paperwork crap and we’ll meet back up then go for burgers. How’s that sound, sweetheart?”
The only sound was Sam’s breathing and the occasional creaking of the house. The ceiling was dark and nondescript. It wasn’t any good for distracting Sam from the perils of his head. Yet another sigh left Sam, a big one that started somewhere deep in his lungs. Plain and simple, Sam wasn’t natural. There was something wrong with him. Normal people didn’t have visions of other people’s deaths. He was tainted.
“I can’t do it.” Castiel grit out. “And the only reason you do well in school is because you’re an overachieving show off with anxiety and abandonment issues.”
An arm swung out at his stomach and knocked the wind out of Dean. Shoving back hard, the man -let’s call him Beefy- aimed an elbow for the side of Dean’s head. Dodging backward, Dean reached for his gun only to find it absent. He hadn’t put it back after striping last night. Fuck.
“Huh.” Dean wasn’t sure what to do with that. “How come no one seemed to know who you were?”
“I know, I know, you can spank me when I get out.” Dean smirked at the blushing officer.
At Sam’s nudging, Emma began walking down the aisle, tossing flower petals as she went. She looked so grown up and happy in her little light blue dress and her hair done up in sparkly bows.
“I understand.” Cas’ hand found Dean’s and he squeezed it.
The little girl had gone into a panic attack after Dean was going to leave for the evening for a dinner date in the next town over. This had prompted a conversation about abandonment issues and other things that needed to be addressed. Dean had spent the night curled up on the couch watching Scooby Doo after texting an apology to Cas.
About ten minutes later he was entering the giant house. Cas had texted him saying to just come on in. The house was unnaturally cold. There were marble floors and stiff looking paintings and statues sparsely decorated the place from what Dean could see.
Dean moaned, okay, it was more of a half moan half whimper, but that was no body’s business. Could anyone really blame him? Cas punctuated each of his up downs by grinding their hips together.
“Oh, Dean.” Dean was folded into a hug.
“You look pretty in rings.” Emma said. “These are too big for me, so you can wear them.”
Another fist came at him and Dean had sense enough to duck. Then a fight raged on. There were four men, all with necks the size of Dean’s thighs and heads like eggs. Honestly, it was almost comedic how ridiculously stereotypical they were.
“What did you take away from that meeting?”
“When, when should I, could I move in?” Dean scratched at the back of his neck.
Damn, and Dean thought he had been doing such a good job hiding his nerves. “Yeah, babe, I’m alright. I just…” Dean searched himself a lie and found the truth instead. “I’m just waiting for the other shoe to drop.”
Dean kissed Cas again. He didn’t want to imagine what would have happened if Cas hadn’t shown up. His breath hitched at the thought.
“Dean, I despise guessing games, and you know it.” Cas rolled his eyes.
Dean pocketed his phone. Mom and Dad were gone on a romantic weekend vacation to a rented cabin. It was just Sam and him at home. “Sammy, I’m going to Cas’!”
“I’ll eat them if you answer my question.”
“I bet.” Dean’s grin turned soft.
“Oh, Dean!” Castiel groaned. “Fuck, you feel so good, baby boy.”
“No, we wouldn’t.” Dean’s smirk softened into something else.
“Shut up.” Dean seethed. “Shut up!”
“Papa, Dad, my room’s clean.” Emma entered the kitchen. “Oo, can I help?”
“Dad,” Emma started after a few beats of silence. Dean lost in his own head, snapped back with a hum of acknowledgment. “Uncle Sammy is in trouble isn’t he.”
Whatever Sam did, he wasn’t going to cut Dean out of his life again. He didn’t know what he wanted, he just knew he wanted to be there to witness and contribute to his brother’s happiness.
“I’m happy for you, but I don’t want to play third wheel to you and your teenage love fest.”
They would have lots of fights later but without them they wouldn’t be standing here so tall.
Sam took a breath and saw that Emma, although was now staring at the floor, she was listening. “Later, like years later, I found out that that kid was really sad and because of that he was really mad. Looking back what mad feel worse was hurting him, someone else, because I was hurting. Does that make any sense?”
“And why not?” Dean smirked into Cas’ neck. “Want to keep me your dirty little secret?” He said it with no bite, but Dean would rather brag about his total badass mobster boyfriend…or whatever they were.
The next hour was spent with flying paint and laughter. By the end, Cas and Dean were dripping with paint and their stomachs hurt. Dean’s cheeks were flushed and Cas suspected his were as well. They were standing so close Cas could count the individual speckles of paint contrasting with the freckles on Dean’s nose and cheeks.
“You two are the best in your line of work.” Castiel stated as if commenting on the weather and not their job that was killing people. Bad people, sure, but they all bled the same. “And I can’t have you working for my enemies.”
“You’re sure I can’t change your mind about fucking?” Dean swallowed roughly.
Dean wrapped a hand around his boyfriend’s bobbing erection and gave it a few pumps. Cas’ breathing turned even more hitched. That coil of heat was curling even tighter in Dean’s belly.
“Ever get tired of being wrong, angel?” Dean smiled as the engine roared under his fingertips.
“No, I didn’t get you pie.” Sam rolled his eyes. “I got you soup, Gatorade, and jello.”
“It’s okay.” Castiel smiled softly. “I actually like physics now.”
“I understand.” Cas nodded and smiled. “But at some point you do have to relax and accept the reality that it is over.”
“Really?” Emma asked, her eyes actually meeting Sam’s.
Dean shoved at Sam’s shoulder, urging him towards the door. The moose didn’t move. He stayed frozen in his spot looking between Cas and Dean with eyes full of astonishment.
“Sorry, angel.” Dean laughed hysterically and kissed Cas.
“I’ll have whatever is on tap and a double bacon cheeseburger, medium well, with fries.” Cas said with a quick glance at the menu before handing it over to Jo.
“Don’t do a pro cons list.” Dean protested.
Dean was about to snap when a gun shot rang out. Dean flinched. Crowley yelped and jumped back two feet away from Dean. They both looked to Cas who was replacing his gun. His eyes held a sort of fire in them that made Dean’s throat dry.
“Huh.” Dean nodded.
Shortly after Sam came down as Dean was putting the burger patties on the skillets on the stove top. He shot his brother an unimpressed look. “Really Dean, burgers? Would it kill you to make something healthy?”
“Uh, sure.” Dean smiled, they went out all the time. “Like that bar we passed on the way here?”
Dean wanted to ask how Castiel got into hunting, but he knows it’s a deep topic that most hunters avoid. “Any good stories?”
“Yeah, how’s that going?”
“Cas, I’d be worried about that car if I were you. One of these days Dean’s going to snap and leave you for it.” Sam snickered  from the bench seat across from where the row of seats Dean and Cas sat in. To be honest Dean was more or less sitting in his boyfriend’s lap than his own seat.
“Whatever.” Castiel rolled his eyes. “Let’s make out instead. Doesn’t that sound like more fun?” He leaned into Dean’s space and captured his boyfriend’s lips into a kiss.
“We don’t know the story behind it.” Sam waved off. “Maybe he had a good reason.”
“No, we both know exploded humans are terrible to clean up.” Dean laughed.
“Dean.” Cas’ voice cut through Dean’s thoughts. He realized his knuckle tight grip on the book he was holding. The same page glared up at him as it had the last however long.
“You love it.” Dean gasped out between moans.
The rest of the day couldn’t go by fast enough for Castiel. Finally the school day ended and he headed straight for the library. It was three-thirty when he arrived. He didn’t want to be late because the piece of shit that was his car decided not to start.
“Bobby-“ Bobby had grabbed hold of Dean’s jacket and brought him to a halt.
“Dean, you look well.”
Dean checked his watch for the fiftieth time in the last ten minutes. He sighed before tapping his fingers against the Impala’s steering wheel restlessly. Slamming his head against the headrest, he swore. The time Cas and him and set for their date had passed and all of Dean’s insecurities were leaking out of the box he tried to keep them locked in.
“Okay.”
“You can make it up to me.” Cas leaned back against the steering wheel.
Crawling under the covers, Dean didn’t mean to fall asleep. He did though. It was only because of a lifetime of a job where everyone was trying to kill each other did he hear the door creak open in the depths of his sleep. It was shut softly and Dean held very still, not wanting to spook Cas. There was a long awkward tension in the air. Then there was some rustling and a warm body was joining Dean in bed.
Suddenly a great memory came to Dean’s mind. Months ago when he had gone to Cas’ office to give him the news of his shoulder healing, Cas had whispered a filthy idea into Dean ear. He had told Dean he wouldn’t fuck Dean over his desk that time.
“Want you to fuck me, sweetheart.” Dean rolled his hips up into Castiel’s.
“Hello, this is Sarah Engel from the school, your brother gave me your number as he is out of town.”
He hears Cas growl behind him before chasing. Dean laughed.
“I suggest a four day schedule.” Cas pulled out a honest spreadsheet, color coded and everything, out of his desk. “The first day, today, we’ll celebrate, go out for a nice dinner and some drinks. The next day, tomorrow, and the day after, we’ll get you packed up and move your belongings over to my, our place. Then the final day you will move in, and bring your daily essentials such as phone charger and toiletries.”
“Because I don’t?” Dean raised his eyebrows. “I thought you liked him?”
“Whatever you decide, I’ll back you one hundred percent.” Dean slapped Sam’s back to cut at the weight of his statement.
“I love you.” Dean had to say before continuing. “I went out one night and headed to a bar. Some guy saw me and took me to the bathroom, and well you know. I only did blow jobs, and I was careful about STDs. I was doing it for about two years or so -only when things got real bad-. Then one night this guy wanted something more than a blow job.”
Dean turned his back to the guy and began dragging bodies outside. An hour or so later with minimal talking, they piled the dead vampires, heads and all, into a deep hole and set them on fire. After the fire had died out they filled in the hole and set out towards their vehicles.
Dean allowed himself one extra moment to relish the comfort. Then he sniffed and stood, wiping at his eyes. He avoided Cas’ understanding eyes because he wasn’t sure if he could keep his composure if he looked at them.
“Yes, yes it would.” Dean smirked. “And I don’t hear anyone else complaining so you’re out numbered, Sammy.”
“Bu-“ Sam began to protest but his stomach growled too loud for him to deny. “Fine.” He cut Cas a sharp glance before leaving.
“Oh yeah? Where should we start?”
“The Doctor said once your IV is gone.” Sam said. His brother spoke in a way Dean knew he had no chance with signing out AMA.
“Well for starters we are standing in a very open crime scene.” Cas groaned out. “And given the history of the last twenty four hours we may not want to dally somewhere uncovered.”
Dean didn’t want to tear his moth away, but he needed air -stupidly. As a compromise to his needy body Dean decided to press open mouthed, messy kisses to Cas’ neck and jaw.
“I shouldn’t have…what’s the phrase, biten your head off?” At that, Dean’s mouth quirked up in an almost smile and Castiel heart quirked up with it.
“Blah!” Emma scrunched her nose.
“You okay?”
“I asked you a question.” The growl was paired with a hard smack to his ass.
He was dancing on that beautiful blurry line between awake and asleep. He was tipping closer to sleep. Dean would be asleep if Cas kept running those skilled fingers up and down his back. Hmm. Cas’ fingers were possibly one of the most attractive things about him. Actually it was a tie between his fingers and his thighs. No, it was between his fingers, thighs, and forearms. No, it was- okay maybe Cas was just an overall attractive son of a bitch.
They shouldered their way passed the mother and found a clearing close enough to the playground that they could keep an eye on Emma and stay away from all the crazies. Sam laid out the blanket and they sat down. Dean spotted Emma going down the slide, head first, of course. Cas wrapped an arm around Dean’s waist and leaned his head against his shoulder.
Five minutes and a sandwich later they were piled into Baby and on their way to Bobby’s.
They more or less barged into Bobby’s house. Thankfully, Cas explained the situation after Emma was ushered to go play outside. Dean didn’t think he could manage to say those words again.
At least Cas loved him. That thought made Dean smile stupidly. Cas loved Dean. Dean loved Cas. He may not have sex for a while but Cas loved Dean. Love. Love. Love. Dean Winchester was in fucking love with Castiel Novak. Fuck him please and thank you.
“Cas, I gotta get up.” Dean grumbled and tried to sit up again.
He sighed and rubbed at his neck. “Slow.”
“She’s five. That’s why I live with my uncle. Who isn’t really my uncle but is the closest thing I’ve got.” Dean sat up because if they aren’t wearing pants they should at least be sitting.
Castiel took the brief moments he had alone to compose himself. He took a few deep breaths. They started shaky, but by the time Emma had returned he was not on the edge of bursting into tears.
“Don’t you ever do that to me again, you hear me?” Dean pulled Sam in for a tight hug.
“My issues will be bigger than a dumpster.” Cas sighed, not getting it, and downed the rest of his third cup of coffee.
Sam just mumbled about a match made in hell. Dean couldn’t agree more.
“The house is paid off.”
“No, I…” Dean wasn’t sure what he  wanted just that he didn't want to sit in the quiet and be forced to face the screaming in his head.
“Deal.” Dean sealed it with a kiss before heading for the door.
“Shh.” Cas kissed Dean sweetly and softly. “I’ll take care of you. I’ve got you.” Cas reached for the lube in the drawer. “If you cum, you can always cum again.”
“Uh, so you like Cas, right?” Dean started.
“‘Love you.” Dean kissed her forehead and pulled her into a hug.
“At least I’m not a jerk.” Sam hugged Dean back as tight as he could with his one arm.
“You’re drunker than I thought you were, Winchester.” Cas couldn’t help but laugh.
“What?” Castiel hadn’t been expecting that, not that he had been expecting this at all. “How do you even know that?”
Cas needs a little longer to gather his strength. Not to mention contain his rolling stomach so he doesn’t vomit all over the man he is trying to propose to.
“Why would I tell you?” Cas looked genuinely puzzled.
The badass mob boss was wearing a frilly apron and his hair was full of what looked to be sauce and maybe flour. Pots and pans were thrown about and a red sauce had painted the ceiling and his boyfriend’s face. Blue eyes were staring murderously at the remaining contents of his pot as if it had just unorganized his meticulously placed papers on people who were about to become worm-food.
“You’re so beautiful Dean.” Cas whispers hotly before kissing Dean hard.
“Yes.” Cas laced their fingers together. Dean ran a finger over Cas’ knuckles, he wasn’t sure who found it more comforting.
“Right, le, let’s get started.” Dean scratched at the back of his neck. “Uh, you can sit at the desk or on the bed if you want.”
“I will throw both of you back in jail.” Cas snapped, cutting the brothers off.
Cas pulled back and wiggled the plug out of himself. Dean licked his lips as his boyfriend moaned when the plug breached his rim. The plug, green and thick, was tossed aside and traded for a bottle of lube. The mob boss then took it and lathered Dean’s aching, raging, dick.
“I was hunting a werewolf?” Castiel did that cute squinty eyed, head tilt thing.
“It wasn’t right you made me hunt those dead nuns alone. I was seventeen and they were in love. You taught me there was something wrong with me for who I loved. It wasn’t right that you left me at Sonny’s when I got busted for stealing peanut butter and bread because you couldn’t leave enough money or show up when you were supposed to. It wasn’t right you just picked me up from there when it was convenient. It wasn’t right that I had to give fucking blow jobs in seedy bar bathrooms because I knew I couldn’t afford to get arrested again. It wasn’t right that I had to drop out of high school or not go to college. Speaking of it wasn’t okay for you to kick Sam out when he wanted to go. You never should have told me to kill Sam after you made him my entire worth and purpose.
“Whatever you say, angel.” Dean ground their hips together, hoping to change the subject.
“Hey.” Dean tried his damn hardest not to sound timid.
———->
“Should be?” Dean gave Cas a teasing smile.
“Which finger do wedding rings go on?” Emma asked. Geez, his kid had no talent for subtly.
“Dean, I can hear you overthinking.” Cas’ voice cut through Dean’s thoughts. “We’re just having dinner.”
————>
“I think he likes you.” Sam shrugged.
“Hey, Dean was looking at UCLA.” Mary added. “That’s kind of close.”
“Okay.” Sam drawled, getting off the bed and slowly walking towards the door. “Hey, Dean I’m really happy for you.” Stupid little brothers and their stupid genuineness.
“You were right.”
“Either way I’m getting up.” Dean shimmied out of Cas’ hold.
A knock came on his window.
“Dude, gross.” Sam snapped Dean from his thoughts. “I can hear you gushing like a lovesick squirrel.”
Dean got his revenge. Sam’s face got a dick drawn on it in his sleep with a sharpie. The next day at the office Cas had not found the artwork as amusing. His boyfriend did find the hearts and dicks Dean had artistically turned into skulls and guns hilarious. The joke was on him because Dean taped a sign that read Property of Dean Winchester on his back.
“Crowley owns and office building in the neighboring town.” Cas replied.
He really shouldn’t have been so upset. Dean was perfectly able to kiss whoever he wanted. It wasn’t like they were dating or anything. It wasn’t like Cas liked Dean.
Dean and Castiel broke apart laughing. “Well moment’s over.” Dean smiled. “What do you want for dinner?”
Before Sam could answer any of the questions swirling in his head, Dean and Cas snuck into the house quietly. They wore stupid smiles on their faces and their hair and clothes were more rumpled then when they left. The couple looked genuinely happy. Dean’s smile was soft and his eyes were bright.
“I do.” Sam nodded. “Why are you so unsure?”
“Computer engineering is a great field to go in.” John said. “Especially, right now.”
“The fact that my mom actually made something edible.”
Cas made a noise of affirmation of some sort. Then they made their way in the direction Dean could only assume was the bedroom and not the torture chamber. Dean was preoccupying himself by decorating his boyfriend’s neck with hickeys and letting said boyfriend slowly guide them down the hall. Dean had always been a good multitasker.
Dean sighed, feeling way too much like a love struck tween girl but not caring.
Cas is trying his best not to sweat through his dress shirt. Dean is walking next to him, holding his hand. Cas prays his hands aren’t too sweaty.
“No, but it would be nice for you to know someone when you move half way across the country.” Mary faked a sniffle. “Away from your poor mother.”
Cas rolled his window down a crack and Dean was surprised to find he didn’t mind. The soft sound of Dean’s mix tape and wind was all there was in the impala other than Cas’ occasional directions.
“My associate will be joining us this afternoon, Mr. Crowley.” Cas stated before taking a seat, he didn’t ask if Crowley was alright with Dean being there. It really shouldn’t be as hot as it was when Cas did his whole bossy thing.
“Of course.” Cas said over his second cup of coffee.
“Take a right out of the parking lot.” Cas nodded in the direction.
“Most of them I got when I was high.”
“Cas, stand down okay.” Dean put a hand on Cas’ shoulder. “I can’t do this if you’re on attack mode.”
“Have we honestly already gotten to the point in our relationship where we have nothing to discuss but the weather?”
“Yeah?” Emma drawled out, clearly wondering where this was going.
Taking advantage of his distraction Beefy took Dean’s arm and pinned it too his back. Then his feet were kicked out from under him and Dean was pinned to the floor. To his left he heard a grunt and looked over to find Cas held against the wall with a knife to his throat. The man holding Cas had a particularly greasy looking ponytail and a sneer yellower then urine.
It was nice. The domestic shit. Of course Dean loved being all badass and terrifying with his badass and terrifying boyfriend, but this was nice too. Cas wearing only jeans and a t-shirt with thick socks certainly helped. His tattoos swirled around his arms and peaked over the collar of his shirt. Dean didn’t mean to objectify his boyfriend, but sometimes he couldn’t help it.
They tumbled their way up the stairs, mouths more connected than not, hands never straying from each other. Cas was so damn addictive. His kisses, his hands, every touch, every word, Dean soaked in like a fucking sponge. It was amazing and terrifying at the same time. It was- Dean waxing poetry again, damn it.
“Will be.”  Cas amended. “I’m sure you want to rest-“
“Okay, but you dated some weirdos.” Dean continued with his pie filling. “Remember that one chick, Becky, who ended up trying to cut your dick off in your sleep?”
“Alright, let’s see how the big bad Dean Winchester holds up from the other side of a blade.” And with that a gun shot rang out and Duma dropped dead to the floor.
Cas rolled to the side of Dean with a grunt.  Dean smiled and tucked himself into the mob boss’ side. He felt Cas’ head rest on top of Dean’s own head and his arms around Dean’s torso.
“I usual tutor younger kids.”
“Uh, yeah.” Dean took a breath. Cas’ pinky hooked into his for a brief moment, it grounded him. “It wasn’t right. After Mom died you went fucking crazy. You shouldn’t have made me take care of Sam when I was four. You shouldn’t have left us in shitty motel rooms for days on end with little money. It wasn’t fucking right.”
Soon the sound of Cas cursing and clattering pans from the kitchen turned out to be the only sound in the house. Dean put his gun back in his waistband and smirked as he took in the state of the fancy kitchen.
“Shut up Samantha, you’re just jealous because your car is a soulless piece of shit.”
Castiel opened the window and ducked half way through it. It was thankfully a ground floor, and there was no way he was going to risk running into his mother trying to leave through the front door, or even the back door.
“Yeah, you’ve been a great help, Dean, thank you.”
“It wasn’t that long ago that you would do anything to get away from this.”
“Computer engineering.”
“The one with dirt all over her face.” Caroline sighed and pointed to the little dark haired girl, who indeed had dirt on her cheeks like war paint.
“No, you listen, boy.” Dean snapped his mouth tight and glared at the dirt. “We might not like what we find, but you can’t check out. You’ve got a little girl, you’ve got a family that needs you, alright?”
“Miss me, did you?” Dean smirked.
“Fine, it was good.” Dean smiled down at his boots he was in the middle of tugging off. “Really good.”
Finally, as if inspired by the profanity, the car gurgled to life. Castiel sighed in relief, the last thing he wanted to do was leave his broken car here. Knowing Dean, he would probably fix the damn thing just out of spite. Besides, Castiel was so incredibly close to having enough money for a new car, he didn’t want to pay Dean back for increasing the life on his shit car.
“Thanks for the food.” Castiel managed to get out before shuffling after Dean.
“You’re the strongest, best person I know, and you’re family -you’ve been family- and I would be the happiest man in the world if you would marry me.”
The sand is pleasantly warm from the spring sun that had beat down on it earlier that day. Now it offers a relief to the almost chilly night air. The sun is setting across the water of the ocean, it’s rays causing a golden blush to cross Deans cheeks. It is perfect.
“Cas, you didn’t have to-“
Castiel couldn’t help himself. He smiled brightly. “Yes!” He exclaimed into the cold night.
“Now who’s the psychoanalysis?”
“I love them.” Dean kissed the top knot of Cas’ spine. Now that he wasn’t horny -okay, as horny- Dean could see most of them were flowers, quotes from literature he didn’t recognize, some words and symbols he didn’t know the origin to. He wanted to know all of it, but he had a feeling Cas would leave it were it was for later. They had time.
Cas’ tongue returned to Dean’s ass then it rolled over his fluttering hole. Whimpers and groans left his mouth as Cas tongue fucked Dean. Shit, Dean was on fire, lightening striking through him, a tidal wave washing over him.
“Or, or you could come over?” Dean asked completely full of confidence.
“What the-“ Dad blustered. “Who the hell are these people?”
“Has Castiel found those people who jumped you guys a few weeks ago?” Sam asked instead.
“Yeah, yeah.” Sam waved him off. “Get out of here, you two.”
“Bedroom.” Dean groaned as he ducked his head and began sucking and licking at Cas’ neck.
“I got a place in South Dakota, it’s why I don’t really leave the Midwest.” Dean saw the fear in Cas’ eyes. “There’s no one else. You’re not my work wife or anything. It’s just…me and my uncle.”
As they left the prison a familiar person was standing in the parking lot. Dean didn’t care of Cas was mad at him or if he looked like an idiot, he sprinted over to his boyfriend and tackled him into a hug. Cas was a steady wall for Dean when he crashed into him, all firm muscle and stubbornness keeping them from toppling over.
“Dean, this can all wait. I can’t ask you to do this, especially not while you are injured.”
“That’s not- you know what? I’m not falling for it.” Sam’s disgust turned into a bitch face. “I gave you my reason, now it’s your turn.”
“Still.” Dean finished his whiskey. “Why aren’t you sure?”
“Do I want to know how you broke a pool table?” Cas asked.
Dean’s pillow was moving. It was also soft, kinda hairy, and warm. Cracking an eye open he glanced up and saw Cas fast asleep. He also saw that his face was pillowed against Cas’ naked chest. A strong, tattooed arm wrapped around his torso and his legs tangled with another pair under the warm blankets.
“So you’re going over to his house?”
“What?”
“Oh, Dean,” Cas’ voice was soft like he was afraid to breath.
“I’ll give you five stars on Yelp.” Dean mumbled.
“Yeah, well a certain red headed best friend of yours made me realize that I should sometimes pull my head out of my ass and enjoy a romantic night with my boyfriend.”
“I don’t know, literally anything else.” There was a short silence before Dean continued. “Interesting weather we’re having.”
His eyes finally landed on his boyfriend and he couldn’t help laugh. Cas was standing in the epicenter of it all. He was wearing an old shirt covered in paint and pair of boxers. A towel that’s original color was up for debate was wrapped around his shoulders. His dark hair was half covered in pink and sticking up in some places while plastered down in others. What really made it funny was the “I Will Smite You” look in those blue eyes.
“May I have this dance?” Castiel relished how Dean turned red from the tips of his ears to the base of his neck.
“It was not.” Emma grumbled but went upstairs anyway.
“What?” Castiel pulled away to look into those green eyes.
“It’s not my fault, I had to do something while you spent hours jacking off to old books.” Dean was pleased by the way his words made his brother’s face scrunch up in disgust.
After they ordered Dean was able to get Emma to play tic-tac-toe with him. They played a few rounds when Dean spoke up. “How about Cas plays the winner of the next round huh?”
“Of course.” Castiel smiled and sat in the passenger seat. Dean shut the door behind him before getting into the driver’s seat.
“I’m fine! It’s fine!”Dean called too quickly before calming down. “The day I ask you for help in the kitchen will be the day Hell freezes over.”
“Yeah, uh,” Castiel glanced at the floor, it really was disgusting. “I was wondering if you would want to…go out sometime.”  Nailed it.
“Dean.” Cas replied politely.
The sun was beginning to set. A chill was settling over the ghost town. Dean didn’t want to admit it, but deep down there was a part of him where dread was starting to form. He locked that down before it had a chance to spread. He needed his head clear. Dean tightened his grip on his sawed off.
They spent the night talking and laughing with Charlie, Ash, Benny, Lee, and Jo. It was probably the best party Cas had ever been to.
Castiel chose a spot kind of out of the way, but also within view of the front door so Dean wouldn’t have any problem spotting him. He plopped down in the chair facing the door and set his messenger bag on the table. Castiel took out his Physics textbook and his homework he hadn’t bothered to start with the twenty minutes their teacher had given them at the end of class.
“Fuck, Dean, you feel so good.” Cas kissed Dean again as he snapped his hips.
Cas cut at Dean’s shirt with scissors before applying disinfectant. That killed Dean’s peaking erection better than any mental picture of old ladies in swimsuits ever would.
“The former boss, Naomi and I didn’t share the same priorities or ideas for the Angels.”
“‘Love you, too.” Emma pulled away too quickly and gave Cas and Sam hugs as well before climbing into the back of the mini van.
“Well, it’s still good to meet ya.” Dean’s smile was like warm honey.
“I’ll see you at school.” Castiel smiled and headed towards his car.
“Dean.”
With huffs and grumbles the mother and son left the office. Emma was still ridged next to him. Sam was just hoping she didn’t have a panic attack, and leaving the office would help calm her. “May we go too?” He hated how much like a little kid he felt.
They went down stairs and Sam preheated the oven  before sliding the pizza on to a cookie sheet and into the oven. Sam reached for something to say. He felt like he should give some…words of wisdom as cheesy as it sounded. He searched around in his brain for something. Emma was still sulking, she had a dark cloud around her still. She still seemed as if she was physically stewing inside her own head.
Heat pooled in Dean’s gut and a gasp escaped him. Cas smirked. Dean felt like he was holding his breath. He couldn’t look away, he couldn’t move. Cas used his thumb and pointer finger to grab Dean’s chin and tilt him down into a soft kiss with a dirty underlying.
They slowly made their way down stairs. Cas’ arm was wrapped around Dean’s waist who was leaning on his boyfriend. Cas set Dean on the couch and returned within five seconds with a glass of water.
“High, like pot?”
“Cellblock four.”
Sirens were coming closer. They wailed and blue and red lights flashed from the window. How many other crimes could possibly be happening in this suburb tonight? Dean wasn’t going to take their chances.
Castiel glared at his reflection. His tie was an absolute mess and the jacket was twisted at the shoulders. The guy glaring back at him asked for a piece of rope to hang himself with or at the very least a cigarette.
“I- I’m sorry.” Dean managed.
“Dude, are you making pie?” Sam asked coming in from his run. Dean was fairly certain his brother was an alien or something equally nonhuman because no one should enjoy running. Maybe he was dropped on his head at the hospital?
“There is no redemption for John Winchester.” Dean couldn’t help but flinch at Cas’ words. Cas noticed, of course he did, and took Dean’s hand again. This time the hold was softer.
Cas gently took off Dean’s glasses and set them on the bedside table. They had learned the lenses tended to get in the way during heavy make out sessions. Things were blurry too close to his face and too long without them gave Dean a headache, but it was better than having to worry about them breaking. Cas trailed hands from Dean’s hips up his shirt to his nipples. He tugged at the sensitive buds lightly, and Dean couldn’t help but mewl.
The next day Castiel didn’t go to school. His alarm had gone off. He had remember his fight with Dean. He shut off his alarm and went back to sleep for three more hours.
“Stay where you are, John Winchester.” Cas growled.
A phone buzzing intruded on Dean’s descent into unconsciousness. He groaned and tried to disappear into the bed. Cas’ shitty mattress, take him away!
“Awesome.” Sam sighed and took out a book he got from God knew where.
“Meg, this is a step.” Bathazar interrupted. “It’s better than staring at the guy across the cafeteria all the time.”
“Dude, I fucking swear if you don’t chill out I’m going to shave your head.” Dean snapped. “You’ll be the fucking hairless Sasquatch.”
“None sense, I don’t care what we do as long as I’m with you.” Cas had the softest smile on that Dean almost couldn’t believe was for him. “How about a movie?”
“Well, I wasn’t acing it like I am now thanks to your help.” Castiel forced himself to keep Dean’s gaze. “I was trying to ask you out because I really like you, but I ended up with a tutor instead.”
“Because he doesn’t have stupid girl hair like you, Samantha.” Dean jumped in with the jibe.
“Happy two years, beloved.” Cas whispered, leaning into Dean’s side.
“Yeah, ‘cause he spends so much money on us.” Dean blew his nose and threw the soiled tissued into the plastic bag Sam had rigged up as a garbage, the germaphobe.
“Okay.” Dean sighed. “Thanks, Sammy.”
“Yeah, yeah I guess.” Dean wished he could give Cas a ride, hold his hand on the way home maybe, but they had two vehicles parked outside a place that was going to be a crime scene by morning.
“What about being a lawyer? You don’t have to go to Stanford. You could go to Harvard or something.”
Dean shook his head and pulled out his phone.
In the mirror Dean watched the door crack further open and Cas come up behind him. Inked arms wrapped around Dean’s waist and dark hair tickled his nose as Cas’ face leaned against his neck. Dean admired his handy work as he eyed the dark marks decorating Cas’ skin.
“I just know you can do this stuff.” Dean sighed, his shoulders losing their tension. “You’re smart. I hate when you say you can’t do something.”
Well what if he changed his mind while you’re wading through your shit and decides he doesn’t want to move in together? What if he wants to break up?
“Then we’ll be even because you made me cry.” Cas chuckled and kissed Dean’s hand before lacing their fingers together. Cas’ ring was warm against Dean’s fingers. “Knowing you, loving you, has been my greatest honor and my greatest privilege. You have changed me, I’ve witnessed you care about the whole world, which made me care too. You do everything out of love. You are the most loving person I know, Dean. I love your daughter, your brother, and every bit of your family. I love the life you have made for yourself and your daughter. I can’t tell you how grateful I am you allow me to be apart of that.”
