Jawn and Sherlock untangled themselves and went to sit on opposite ends of the sofa. Sherlock sat sideways on top of his blanket, rubbing his cheek on the soft material draped over the back cushion, while Jawn curled into a tiny ball underneath his blanket with only his nose visible.
"We'll order some more." Greg whispered back, urging Sherlock onto the bed. The bedside clock read four thirty. Christ. "But not until seven."
Mycroft, having the advantage of stork-like legs, caught the little doctor by the arm before he turned the corner on the second landing.
"Ba', ba', ba'," Sherlock babbled, until Mycroft shushed him with a kiss to his sweat-damp forehead.
"It's alright, Pet," John softens, pressing kisses up Sherlock’s belly lovingly, stopping briefly to lap at the mess on his skin. "I kind of like that I can make you cum without touching you."
Jawn sauntered in after them…he was resigned to the fact of Mycroft changing him by now, but that didn’t mean he had to like it one bit. “ ‘unno,” he mumbled, then stopped staring at his feet long enough to notice what Myc was up to. “Wha’ doin’?"
"Just bring up a tin of biscuits and the bottle of milk in the refrigerator. The ice bucket should be down here, so just use that."
He moans softly, arching his neck into the caress of John mouth. As a reward for such presumption John bites down, and Sherlock screams and thrusts into his toy. “That’s right, give Daddy what for.”
"...And to rinse your fish, and we're all set." Greg popped the plug and turned on the water, rinsing the baby and the fish he'd scooped out of the water.
"Glad you're both having fun," Greg said, pulling the dress down around Sherlock's shoulders, then helped him work his arms through the sleeves. He glanced over at Mycroft's little 'project'; "Where'd you get the pins?"
“You each get to pick one flavour for one cone,” he reminded them as they tumbled over each other to get to the big glass display case at the counter.
Mycroft kept his arm around Sherlock's waist, and leant down to kiss his temple. "Someone's ready for bed."
Mycroft rolled his eyes but forged ahead; "We wanted your birthday celebration to be separate from all of...that."
Greg quickly loaded the tea tray with tea and biscuits. If they were lucky they'd be back upstairs before....
“No, that’s not going to work. You can apologize and come with us, or you can stay here with Nana while Jawn and I go.”
“He thinks s’getti’o’s is pasta.” Jawn eased his bum in his chair, carefully settling GI Joe next to his plate.
"My turn!" Sherlock clapped, dropped to the floor, and then crawled down the hallway with a sea of neon pink taffeta completely obscuring him.
Sherlock glared mutinously at her, rubbing the back of his hand as if she had just cut it wide open.
"Gunna....cccuu...m." Another smack of the ass and he is wailing Daddy's name, spilling into the toy. He collapses to the side, his cock going flaccid inside its bed of silicone. John allows him to breath, but does not remove his fingers. Every few seconds he twitches them, brushing Sherlock’s prostate in the process. The curly headed detective moans and writhes with each flick of John’s fingers.
"No'd b'ery nice. Y'eyyow f'yowers are b'ootiful." Sherlock's thumb had returned to his mouth, and his eyes were mostly closed. "I c'n y'ive in a y'eyyow f'yower?"
"Thank you," Mycroft nodded, ignoring the look of surprise on Sherlocks' face. They only did niceties when Sherlock was small. "Come along, Gregory." Mycroft strode out of the nursery, back straight, chin high.
"Stop that." Mrs. Hudson scolded, taking the salt shaker from him and gently smacking the back of his hand. "Get the toast, dear. Carefully. It's going to be hot."
Mycroft watched as his little brother trailed after Greg and Molly, then went to gather the rest of the plates. Perhaps Gregory had been right in getting Molly to stay for a bit; Sherlock was already acting much more chipper than Mycroft had seen him since...well, since a time that Mycroft couldn't recall clearly.
Sherlock skidded into the room, his coat on and Jawn's in his arms. "Clever boy. You knew what I was going to ask next." Sherlock hiccuped, not even registering Greg's words. Sherlock gently draped Jawn's coat over his back. "Good job. Let's go." Greg guided them out of the flat and down the stairs.
“I can see, My?” Sherlock rolled his lips back, demonstrating for Mycroft how easy it was to show off his teeth. “P'ease, My?”
"I think he had help in that department,” Mycroft said as he stood and started to follow the bum that was scurrying down the hall--the flowers sewn along the backside of the onesie seemed to be waving at him. “Where do you think you’re going, little sir?”
John's face is unreadable and not for the first time Sherlock curses himself; Daddy...no, not Daddy; John, is not someone that he can deduce anymore. "I can't sleep and I don't want to lie down and stare at the walls. I'd like to have a grownup conversation" He winces as he hears the whinge in his own voice, knowing he isn't really helping his case.
"Alright, alright, enough of this business, give me back my child," Sherlock said, and Jawn ended up changing hands for the third time. "He's found, he's safe, and he is indeed very hot." He gave Jawn a bounce on his hip; "And, in need of a change, so, if you'll--"
Sherlock's breathe catches in his throat as his whole body goes rigid, sharp finger tips bruising John's shoulders. The fluttering muscle holding John in place is too much and with another few imprecise thrusts he’s follows his boy over the edge. John's world seems to wobble along the edges and as he struggles to catch his breath he can hear Sherlock mumbling into his shoulder, "Thank you Daddy, thank you Daddy, thank you Daddy.”
Mycroft broke off a piece of cookie, then broke off a small piece from that and held it to Sherlock's lips...it would be awfully sad for the baby to fall asleep before getting his dessert
"It's not all bad things, you know?" John explained. "We can have rewards too. I would much rather reward you for good behavior then punish you for naughty behavior."
Greg chuckled, then leaned over and kissed his complicated boyfriend's forehead again. "You're still a good big brother."
“As if I could ever forget, Captain Sasspants,” Mycroft said, dropping the tablets into Jawn’s palm.
"You know you're not supposed to climb up there by yourself," Greg scolded lightly as he walked over.
"Sherlock Holmes," John cuts in, his tone stern. "IF aliens come, they would have to fight me to take you, but you know better. Go to sleep."
“Well…” Jawn rocked on his heels, staring hard at the floor. “I don’t think he left the sitting room at all. We’d have noticed. And most of the toys at the top of the bin are soft, though that wasn’t true before…”
"There's nothing we can do about that right now, Gregory." Mycroft said, his voice clipped. "Seats can be cleaned, clothes can be washed, infants can be bathed."
How could John not notice? Sherlock flips open the towel, the hand on his cock fully exposed now. If he doesn’t answer, surely John will glance up. He strokes, harder and faster, bringing his erection to its full tumescence. Then he thinks about John again; picturing the doctor’s hand on his cock draws a groan from his throat.
His brother's tone of voice was enough to let Sherlock know to drop the sarcasm. Temporarily. "No, surprisingly...there's a bigger audience for this type of thing than you would expect."
Sherlock juts his chin for a moment defiantly before flopping on top of the covers with a huff, rolling on his side, facing away from Daddy.
"A strop. Sherlock..." Mycroft looked over to see his baby brother naked, arms wrapped around his narrow chest and completely miserable. "Oh, Sherlock. Can you be my big helper and pick yourself out some pajamas?"
like. C'mon, sit down and think about what else you like; what about...puppies? You like puppies lots, don't you?"
"Easy, sweetboy...let's get you some medicine and a bottle," Greg patted his bottom; "-and a fresh nappy. You'll feel much better." Greg put an arm under Jawn's bottom and scooped him up, being mindful of his splint.
“I think you should go get the naughty stool and have yourself a seat until you remember how to talk properly to Daddy.”
Greg and Sherlock stood back as Mycroft strode over to the shed and wrenched the door open. "Jawn Hamish! This is not a game, young man!" they heard him snap before disappearing inside.
The little doctor looked up from his spot on the floor. He’d gotten his lace ups on the correct feet and mostly tied. "G'een," he mumbled around the dummy that had been in Sherlock’s mouth moments ago.
Mycroft poured some of the liquid in the cup into the bushes again and added more water. "I think one more drop blue should do it."
Greg's mouth snapped shut, and he frowned as he climbed back into bed. "Why didn't you tell me where he was???"
"Y'ittle more," Sherlock repeated, concentrating on the little project in front of him as if it were just as important as one of his bigger experiments. He squeezed it again, causing two bright yellow drops to plop down into the water and swirl around.
"C'year to a bo'ddom," Sherlock nodded and started to push rhinestones under the water. "Treasures for the faeries."
"I th'py sum'fin y'avender," Sherlock put his finger in his mouth, the telescope had been forgotten and resting against Greg's side.
“Yea?” Jawn shifted unhappily as Mycroft cleaned his bits. He was being a little too thorough if you asked him.
Sherlock was busy looking down at himself, and running his hands up and down the front of his sleeper. "Hey, you," Mycroft said, and poked him very gently in the belly, making him giggle.
"You can'nah take'd i'd home! You ha'ffa p'yay here wi'f meeeeee!" Sherlock wailed and flopped over, burying his face in the carpet.
“Oh!” Sherlock took the phone back, hopping on the balls of his feet. “My! They had hedgehogs! They were European Pygmy Hedgehogs. They’re an endangered species.” Sherlock stared at John’s fingers, tracing patterns in his palm as he pecked away at the keyboard one handed. “No My, ones at pet stores are African Pygmy Hedgehogs. I was gunna make a blog post about it but my laptop’s still on restriction.” Sherlock said, giving John a pointed look. “I’m not sure, but I don’t deserve being on restriction.”
“Jawn. This is no longer funny,” Sherlock said, putting the sunglasses back down where they had been, obviously taken off and dropped. He examined the grass for footprints but saw none. Damn lush greenery.
"We'll ask Mycroft if they can join us for dinner tomorrow night, how about that?" Greg had a towel at the ready, waiting on the baby.
"I know...and that's why Uncle Greg is getting fat," Greg said as he picked up the hair-washing cup, much to Sherlock's chagrin.
Jawn nodded slowly; he could be a big boy. He pulled a pair of purple socks out of the cupboard and then dropped to his belly to dig under the bed for his shoes.
Jawn was instantly sat in a wheelchair and rushed away, Greg hot on their heels. Sherlock went to follow, but Mycroft caught his waist. "No, you're staying with me, little boy." Sherlock watched Greg and Jawn disappear behind a set of double doors, but he let Mycroft take his hand and lead him to the adjacent waiting room, where they sat in a semi-secluded corner.
Mycroft raised his eyebrow. “Hard-headed, the both of you.” He took Jawn by the elbow and turned him around, facing the back of the kitchen. “Sherlock got a warning and a time-out first, and so will you. Go put your nose in that corner until I call you back,” he said, and sent the stubborn little doctor off with a firm swat to the back of his thigh, since he surely wouldn’t feel it through his nappy.
It all happened so quickly...Sherlock was already in the hospital, so they rushed him into a room straightaway adn the guard was posted before Greg could even get his jacket on. And then Culverton...
“Hey!” Jawn bent to pick up his dummy and turned to look up at Mycroft. “Did you see that?! He threw!”
Finally, Greg took a deep breath in through his nose, and blew it out between his lips slowly. "Okay. You're right. You're always right."
"Shhhhhh, I know what you meant." Mycroft smiled and sat down near the bed. "Close your eyes," he whispered, and started to pat Jawns' bottom.
"When you live with an intelligent little boy, you have to learn to do quick detective work," John explains, laying the paper on his lap to meet Sherlock's eyes. "Aren't you supposed to be in bed?"
Greg handed Sherlock a box of chocolate cereal that also had marshmallows in it; "My apologies. We'll have to make up for lack of variety with overall quantity." He carried the other three boxes of cereal back to the counter."Which one first?"
Mycroft handed her the sheaf of papers again, and she flipped through them once more. "Ah, okay. That's a real strong painkiller," she said, pointing to the top one. "And that's a muscle relaxer. You'll want him to have something on his stomach for those, but..." she said, looking over the page again.
“Jawn.” Mycroft could feel a headache building behind his left eye. He scrunched it closed to try and stem the pain. “How often is Sherlock this young?”
Mycroft was just opening his mouth to tell them how sickeningly sweet they were being, when the doorbell rang. "I'll get that," he said, handing Greg the napkin. "You make sure there's not a mess when I get back."
Sherlock reached under the water and dug under his bum, pulling a wind-up fish from underneath him. "P'ish bi'de my bum!" He looked up at Greg, his mouth a perfect 'o'.
"I'm not sure flowers come in Sherlock-house sizes, but we can definitely think about painting the nursery yellow if you'd like."
"Sing it again, Molly," Greg said, taking Sherlock's fingers out of his mouth while he was distracted. "He liked it!"
"Chew carefully, muffin." Greg wiped his hand on his shirt and went to fetch Sherlock a cup from the cabinet. Seriously, they went through more bottles and sippy cups in a day than they did nappies, sometimes. "What do you want to drink?"
“We don’t have time for this! Go and let me think!” Sherlock turned away from them, his fingers already steepled under his chin. An impressive figure despite the soggy nappy.
“Now let’s see…where did you used to hide them…” He reached down to pull off the little detective’s shoes and called out to Jawn, in case he was still listening; “Try looking in the battery casings of your toys.”
"That makes one of you." Greg slowly started Jawn up the stairs. "Let's get you into some comfy jams."
Both Mycroft and Jawn let out a deep sigh of relief; it was the first quiet moment they’d had since…well, since naptime ended. “What’s the Captain’s power?” Mycroft asked, absently patting Sherlock’s bum with his free hand
"Deduction works just as well," Sherlock sniffed, but the snark fell short as he pulled the box apart to get out the gadget.
“Yeah, he does sometimes. We’re gunna find out if this is one of them times.” Greg wrenched open the door to the shed; “Jawn? Monkey. It’s time to come out now.”
"The delivery boy must have an unsatisfactory relationship with his mother to be carrying on like that."
"Peanu'd nee's tea! G'eg! C'n Peanu'd ha'b tea?" Sherlock was back out of his chair and following Greg around the kitchen.
Sherlock’s face did some complicated acrobatics, which Mycroft read with ease. “Of course, you are welcome along as well.” Mycroft took a sip of his tea; “A picnic in the garden.”
"My turn," John announced, resting his chin on Sherlock's head. "May I expand on the previous rule? I think we need to be very specific on jeopardizing your health, yeah?"
The arm of his action figure drifted into his mouth as he thought about it, mouthing the words around the plastic. “F’wog.”
"No," Sherlock said at last. Mycroft had expected him to lash back, full of fury and venom and ready to strike back just as hard as he'd been struck--
Sherlock shook his head at the next bite of brisket he was offered, and instead shoveled more chips into his mouth.
"That's what I'd like to determine. Sherlock checked himself out of hospital well before he was ready to leave-"
“I’m glad, but that was taken care of and forgiven then.” Mycroft stopped patting and leaned forward; “But do you know what else you could both do?”
John realizes much too late that he can’t make this encounter the gentle love making he’d intended for their first time. Luckily, Sherlock doesn’t appear to need sensual love making at the moment, his guttural groans and urgent kissing urging John to an almost frantic pace.
Mycroft wiped Sherlock clean with only the most minimal fuss, as the baby's face wrinkled the moment a cold wet wipe touched him.
"What?!" Mycroft nearly choked on his food, and so did Greg...but for a completely different reason.
After cleaning him up a bit and letting him compose himself, Mycroft led Sherlock into the kitchen, where a mighty-guilty-looking blond-headed boy sat staring at his food.
Mycroft sighed; he’d said one scoop of ice cream each...but he hadn’t thought to limit toppings. “In a cup please.”
“Ssssssss! Gotsa be quie’d,” Jawn said, squeezing Sherlocks' hand as they trundled up the steps, fuzzy blankets wrapped into ruck sacks over their shoulders and carrying a small army of stuffed animals.
“Spoilt,” Jawn grumbled, getting to his feet and leaning over the coffee table. Sherlock had ‘melted’ into a pile of whinge, leaning heavily against Mycroft’s leg. “Look, see--” Jawn bared his teeth at Sherlock, clicking them together for emphasis. “No pink. I would have g'een tee'f anyways.”
The baby in question was sitting on the floor of the kitchen, his big toe in his mouth. He reached one handedly for Jawn, one large hand supporting his foot.
Sherlock risked a glance up, ready for one of his brother’s gloriously disparaging, cutting departures…and was instead met with a warm kiss on his forehead. “You’re dear boys…both of you.”
"I want you to find your brother when we go downstairs, and tell him you're sorry." Greg dowsed the little bugger with a generous amount of powder.
“Are either of you really going to want to spend more time with me tomorrow?” Mycroft teased, but Sherlock could see his cheeks were pink from across the room.
Sherlock gave Greg a nod, and turned to his brother, who was watching the whole proceeding tight-lipped. "And
Sherlock stood back up, with one arm holding his torso, near the bottom of his ribcage. "Y'ah. Cho'cate now, p'eathe?"
Mycroft stared at the wet spot on his shirt for a moment, eyebrow nearly in his hairline. He knew his reaction would make the rest of the evening; “... Jawn has terrible aim.”
Mycroft looked down at his baby brother, safely tucked back into the crook of Greg's arm. "Considering he's still sacked out? I would say so."
"It's a wonder you both haven't gained ten stone by now," Mycroft muttered to himself, then he nodded. "Alright, you can pour both."
"Chicken." Greg grinned as he bounced over to the wall, where the light switch was located. "Got the tray? Ready? Okay!" He waited until Mycroft had the tray of flickering cupcakes in his hands before flipping off the light. "Haaaapppy Birthdaaay tooo youuuuu...!"
'Fair enough. Would you like to live in a mushroom? There are a great many of those in this forest.'
"Get your cup for me," she instructed. Sherlock rifled through the grocery sack, dropping action figures and spare nappies onto the floor before holding up his sippy triumphantly.
John was happy to see him relaxing as he moved the cloth down his pale skin. There was only so much fight that Sherlock could put up, especially when he truly loved bath time. He leaned back, taking in the smell of the bubbles as John continued to scrub him.
Sherlock nodded and popped his thumb out of his mouth in order to reach for his brother with both hands.
"They decided to stop and pick a big bunch of them, as many as they could carry, to take back home to Billy's mummy."
Mycroft watched Sherlock carefully; "I thought the candles were your favorite part about birthday cake."
Again, no answer. He did have Sherlock's attention now, though; Sherlock looked around, his tiny shovel in hand.
"After you deliberately mocked our new rule," John retorts, climbing up onto the bed next to Sherlock, careful that their skin does not brush. "No... I don't think I will..."
“This is better than anything you’ll find in a can,” Mycroft replied, taking another bite of his own.
The first smack is heavy and falls right on the crease where his bottom meets his thigh. The force of it grinds his cock into John's denim covered thigh, causing him to moan.
Mycroft feigned surprise. “Oh, you’re not? However shall I continue through this life without a soggy little baby’s approval?”
"Oh yea!" Sherlock took off back down the hallway towards them, rings clacking against the hardwood.
Sherlock gave him a beatific grin, which quickly turned into a pouty shriek as Mycroft pulled his onesie over his head. “Oh hush, you’re alright.” Mycroft popped a kiss on his forehead before snugging the onesie down and under his bottom and snapping it closed.
Sherlock dropped his scoop into the sink and whinged when Greg used to the wet towel to clean his face. "G'eeeeeeg. A'w c'yean a'ready!!!"
The little detective looked up at hearing his name and popped his thumb out of his mouth. “Told you he cries lots.”
Sherlock stood there for a bit, blinking after Jawn, and then lifted his hand to his mouth and started to suck his thumb, blanket and all still clutched in it.
"Should we..." Greg looked down at the sleeping bundle in his arms. "Should we, I dunno, 'allow' that?"
Sherlock’s face is mutinous but the hand on his chest starts to rub small circles and he relaxes into the touch. “And I have to stay in bed unless it’s a ‘megency.” John smiles to himself. Sherlock only talks “little” when he’s exhausted.
Sherlock tugged on his brother’s sleeve. “My'coff! This one is g'een! Hulk fish! Look, My'coff!” Sherlock wiggled in place, immensely pleased by the scribbled green fish on his paper.
Jawn immediately stopped his fussing and dangled from Mycroft’s arms like a little monkey, blinking up at him. “…G’een?” he asked.
“Thank God. Sherlock, please pick that up for me?” Mycroft put two pots on the stove top and started the sauce. One didn’t get a reputation for being chubby without knowing how to cook.
"Aw..." Greg ushered him up to the bathroom on the second floor, and began running the taps in the bathtub.
“Even if you are getting smacks. But remember this rule here.” John said, making a star next to the rule about manipulation. “If you safe word just because you don’t want a spanking then we are going to have to have a serious discussion about our relationship and whether we can keep up with me as the Daddy and you as my little boy. Understand?”
Greg knelt down and began to gently try and wipe the grass clippings off Sherlocks bits. It wasn't really working, unfortunately, but he was loathe to admit that Mycroft may have been right all along.
"Yes well, you've been a bit of an insufferable brat all day and earned yourself an early bedtime, so here we are." Sherlock shots John a wounded look and John softens.
Sherlock glares at the ceiling for a minute before fingers gently tapping his chest encourage him. “I don’t have to sleep, but I have to lie quietly and rest.”
Sherlock had his head tipped to the side, smiling softly. Mycroft glanced between them before stealthily pulling his phone from his pocket; this was too precious to not try and save.
"Shock had him quiet, until they gave him pain meds...then they just thought it was the trauma and him being goofy."
Mycroft made his meanest bureaucrat face, eyes squinched and mouth pinched but Greg and Sherlock just stared at him with big hopeful faces.
"Hey now! I don't whinge." Greg had helped the baby off the counter and was using his own hands to work up a lather of soap on Sherlock's hands.
"No bea's. I d'un wan' jew'ls....s'opp'id!" Sherlock fussed as Greg carefully cleaned his mouth and hands.
"They're called 'Warheads', I believe," Mycroft said, closing his eyes again and tipping the brim of his straw hat back down.
Gripping the spout of his cup between his teeth, Sherlock used both hands to scoop out a huge dollop of peanut butter.
"You're very right, the loose ones will be more comfy tonight." Mycroft left the snug set of bee jammies on top of the dresser.
"Yes, so hilarious you nearly asphyxiated the child." Mycroft sat up and took the bottle away. "That's exactly why you don't lay them
"Yay!" The prospect of finally getting his big bowl of chocolate cereal made the baby so happy that he went to clap as he cheered, just like his Greg had done...and let his big, metal bowl fall to the floor with an earsplitting crash that echoed off the walls and practically shook the floor. A pained look crossed Sherlock's face as he covered his ears, and looked up at Greg; "...Oo'bs."
"We went over this very thing just last night...he won't wake up, not since his medication has kicked in. Go on, you're not going to hurt him."
He didn’t quite know how he felt about that. Part of him agreed that the little detective deserved it, and would have done the same…but the other part was reluctant for Mycroft to be doing it.
"I'm excited to sleep and then play some more tomorrow," Greg crawled under the covers, eyes already closed.
Sherlock's eyes brightened a touch. "Maw'yee sd'ay?" he babbled, right before Greg stuck the spoon in his mouth again.
“My, My, My, My!” Sherlock cried, wrapping himself around his older brother like a sniveling little barnacle.
Molly painstakingly took off her tiara; "...I really like my hair," she said, looking at it in the mirror. "Can I leave it u'b?"
Sherlock carefully slid the phone from Mycrofts' hand and was going to put it on the nightstand, but...well, what if My'coff had been doing somethin' 'pordent??? An' wha'd if he didn' fini'ss doin' i'd???
John has just settled down with his paper, when he hears the familiar creak of the floorboards. He should have known that an early bedtime was not going to go over with his little insomniac. Though Sherlock has not rounded the corner into the common room just yet and John's face is hidden from view, he clears his throat loudly.
"Take it easy. The gifts are already yours," Mycroft teased, peeling the wrapper off a cupcake for himself.
The squalling little imp quickly wore himself out, going limp over Mycroft’s lap, babbling nonsense. While it was likely apologies and please for mercy, Mycroft could swear the little Doctor was placing a complicated curse on him.
"I'm home, pet!" John announced, carrying in several paper bags that he had gotten at the market. He pulled his shoes off, and waited for Sherlock to emerge.
“I could hear every word you said, despite the donkey-esque braying you both did.” Mycroft entered the room, snapping a pair of disposable black nitrile gloves over his hands. Like his brother, his fingers were long and tapered…a musician’s hands. Or someone who could at least be decent with an instrument.
"There we are, muffin," Greg said softly, and kissed his forehead as he carried him over to the crib while Mycroft followed with his bunny.
"When he's older and wrinkled like a prune from to much sunbathing I'm going to trade him in for a younger policemen." Mycroft smirked at Greg over the baby's head, enjoying the pissed off squawk.
The mention of his bunny effectively erased his pout. "Bun, bun, bun, bun," Sherlock sang to himself as he bounded over to the pair of cots in the corner of the room and rooted through the mountain of blankets for his bunny.
Greg gave him a stern look, causing the baby to shuffle his feet before Greg softened. "Did you know that not a single one of these noisy toys have batteries that work?"
Mycroft nodded, suddenly distracted by the silence in the rest of the room. That was not a good sign. Mycroft nudged the little doctor off his lap, causing him to whinge. “We must find Sherlock so that he can select the next book.”
Greg finished getting from beneath Sherlock, settling the baby fully on the sofa. "Just a nappy change and then you can go right back to sleep, love," he said, while petting the baby's hair. "You'll be so much comfier with a dry bottom, yes you will."
John chuckles, shaking his head. “You’re damn lucky Daddy thinks you’re adorable when you’re a pain in the arse Sherlock Holmes.”  Sherlock hums his agreement, smiling broadly. “Get under the covers, Pet.” John says as he flips on the bedside lamp and tosses the forgotten jumper at the little detective before moving to the dresser and changing into his pajamas. He turns back to the bed a few moments later to see Sherlock lying on his stomach under the covers, jumper pressed under his cheek, and a thumb in his mouth. He’s watching John with eyes already drifting closed in sleep.
"Y'uh. Safe." Sherlock stepped up off the last step; "We ma'ge i'd!" he cheered, then scurried down the hallway and into master bedroom.
In the moment of inattention, Sherlock’s thumb had made its way back into his mouth. He shook his head sadly and tried to bury himself into his big brothers side.
Mycroft smirked...okay, he had to hand it to the baby--that was a good one. "Except for batteries, you're right." He went back to patting Sherlocks' backside while they watched the movie.
Sherlock stared at him, breathing hard as his tantrum winded down. Jawn crossed the landing and wedged himself onto Sherlock’s lap, burying his face in Sherlock’s shoulder. “Don’t be upset. I’ll find your shoes, too.”
Mycroft smirked and shook his head…the spanking had really done a number on Sherlock’s headspace, regressing him even further. He retrieved his little brother’s dummy from the table; “Yes nap,” he repeated softly, slipping the nipple back between his lips. “And it’s even Sherlock’s turn to pick the story.”
"So yummy, so yummy!" Molly sang as she took another bite, seemingly unaware that she'd spoken out loud.
"Right. Good. Good manners." Greg stepped through the door that the driver held open and went over to the open door of the car. "Okay. Easy."
A particularly brutal thrust pulls at the stitches that run in a crescent over his left shoulder blade and he can’t stop from moaning in pain.
"Ye'th. They are gunna y'ub id!" Sherlock swung his purse up onto his shoulder, grunting under the weight.
Sherlock's fingers went still. "...You're a kinky old man," he said, and continued to pull out the device as Greg sputtered a protest.
Sherlock’s expression fell immediately. He’d been so eager for Daddy’s attention; he had forgotten how much he didn’t like this kind of attention.
"Bugger. I hope you know what you're doing," Greg mumbled to Sherlock before he followed Mycroft down the hall.
“Up, boy!” John laces his fingers in those beautiful, sweaty curls and gently jerks Sherlock’s head up. He maneuvers Sherlock into place, his lovely mouth hovering just above John’s cock.
"Ou'd, ou'd, wan' ou'd," Jawn cried over and over as he reached through the bars with his good arm to clutch at Greg's shirt.
"Ddddaddy," he stutters as Daddy inserts another finger. Sherlock makes an undignified squeak as the fingers inside slide against his prostate
Sherlock turned to glare at them. Two mind spaces clearly at war on his face. He’d been struggling to stay big all day, but had been trying to bait John into pulling rank; it hadn’t worked. “I said not to talk about me as if I’m not here.” He attempted to snarl, but it came out closer to a whinge. He felt close to tears but he’d been so poorly behaved he wasn’t sure if anyone would offer him the cuddle that he was suddenly desperate for.
John's hand continues its barrage until the bottom over his lap is bright red and warm the touch. The spanking stops as abruptly as it started and Sherlock barely realizes it’s over before he is being ushered off of John's lap and onto his feet. He sways a little unsteadily, his legs gone a bit wobbly, but John has a firm grip on his arm. John is looking into his face, searching for an answer, which Sherlock can only assume he finds because John leans in and brushes his lips across Sherlock's cheek before using the grip on his arm to turn him and march him to his own bedroom, peppering his ass with swats all the way.
"Sweet boy," Mycroft said, then urged him on. "I remember monsters," he added as they entered the kitchen. "Big, whingey ones with ear-splitting shrieks."
Pushing Sherlock’s long pale legs up to his shoulders, John leans in for a predatory kiss, pushing the boy’s knees nearly to his chest, before thrusting his entire length into Sherlock with as much strength as his hips would allow.
Sherlock stopped squirming long enough to peer up at Greg, and gave him a small smile; "Kun' fu s'ceam."
Mycroft stood frozen for a moment, repulsed. “I am not picking that up," he told himself; "...though it will be me who steps in it later," he grumbled with an eye roll. Using the broom beside the fridge, he swept the bits away from the main walkway, following the trail to the bathroom.
Jawn looked around for some shade, preferably far away from everyone and everything annoying. The big, wooden climbing castle was one option...but no, he'd been over there earlier and there were wasps. G'eg had mentioned playing somewhere else until they could spray around for the nest.
Mycroft paused at the front door and glanced over his shoulder at squirmy little boys behind him. "What kind of behavior do I expect," he said, hoping to drive his point home.
“Sher'yock gotsta c'ean kitchen tonight?” Jawn asked, his duck arcing through the air and landing in the sink.
"Oops. That looks like it hurts," Molly worked hard to school her expression, turning her face away for a moment while she looked for a pair of gloves.
“I understand…it is hard,” Mycroft replied, resting his hand on top of Sherlock’s head and combing his fingers through his mussed curls affectionately. “Considering how loud he gets. But I still asked you to remain at the table, and you said you understood. Stand up.”
“What?” Mycroft asked, and looked to Sherlock for help...but the little detective had gone all wobbly himself, sniffling around his thumb.
"Well, now you won't because your nappy is on proper." Greg quickly snapped his onesie back in place and helped him sit up. "If we're going to start our faerie garden in the yard, we should probably get you into some trousers."
"Very brave." Greg kissed his forehead while he stood there and rocked him for a bit...he didn't want to try and put him back down now, not while he was still worked up, but he was going to have to when they went downstairs for a bottle. Damn. If he'd left the baby monitor in their bedroom, he could've woken Mycroft up and had him go make one...
Sherlock was busy fiddling around with beakers and flasks on the kitchen table. They were mostly full of water and other harmless chemicals. John had not liked the idea of Sherlock playing with dangerous things while he was so far regressed. Sherlock looked up, his goggles falling of the bridge of his nose.
“Shhh. I’m ‘bout to win.” Sherlock smirked as his duck flew out of the tub. The duck captain splatted against the mirror, bouncing off the counter and onto the floor.
Sherlock frowned but obediently held the big spoon up to his mouth, nearly dropping it in pain when he opened his mouth. "Owwww'sh," he whimpered, blinking back tears as he pressed his hand to his cheek.
"I do love kitties, kitty cups especially, but I can't be...small right now. I have to head to work after this." She blushed a bit at having voiced her headspace out loud, but kept her head up.
Sherlock gasped and covered his greasy mouth with his hand; "Bu'd y'oo paw'dy mou'f n' ge'd cu'bca'ges!"
John also knew the next few points he needed to make were likely to send the boy into a full out strop, so he wrapped his free arm around his waist to keep him planted on his thighs.
Mycroft shook his head; he had known better than to leave these two alone all night...at least, in the state of mind they were BOTH in, no matter how 'big' Sherlock had come across before he left the flat earlier.
"You know, before today I didn't know fairies liked to live in plants? Though I guess it makes sense. Maybe we can build a faerie garden."
"Worth it." Greg immediately put himself into Mycroft's spot on the bed, with Jawn still huddled in his lap.
been wrapped up, all snug and warm, and now he wasn't. "Don' wan'nid," he fussed weakly, and rubbed at his face.
“Well it’s Daddy’s job to take care of you, and the rules are there to help keep you safe and healthy.” Sherlock snorted derisively at that. “Brat! How about cause Daddy says so?”
John huffed and turned back to Sherlock who had gone very still in his lap. The hedgie had settled inside his collar, its tiny nose peeking out, scenting the air. Sherlock’s eyes where half lidded, his hands folded in his lap. John sighed, knowing he’d lost before he’d even begun.
Mycroft rolled his eyes…he was hardly striking him that hard. He gave a firmer slap to the chubbiest part of Sherlock’s bottom, setting off another string of wailing and blubbering.
“You did ask for it…literally,” the elder brother said, unperturbed, and tossed in another duck, this one red with a elegant pirate hat and a beard around its bill.
"Alright. Let's see if that helped." Mycroft took the flannel off Sherlocks' face and carefully pulled at the edge of the plaster. Luckily, it was damp and pre-loosened from a day of wear and it peeled off without much resistance...but Sherlock still squealed as if he was being skinned.
"Greg got in very much trouble." He swept some of the bubbles aside and filled the cup with clear water, then made sure the baby's eyes were still covered.
"That's my good boy. Put your shoes on." Greg took John's shoes and knelt before the little doctor, quickly putting them on him. John's wails had dried up and now he was crying almost silently.
Greg was waiting at the downstairs landing, and his eyes visibly widened when he saw Sherlock leading Jawn. He took a step up and was about to protest when Mycroft caught his eye and shook his head...Sherlock had it under control, for now. Greg shut his mouth, but remained at the ready...just in case Jawn stumbled.
"That helps me exactly not at all." Mycroft peered around and discovered the bottle on his bedside table.
“Yes I do. But you’re not going to be able to get out of the crib to do those things yourself without thinking are you. If you get out of the crib you’ll know without a doubt you’re breaking a rule.”
Sherlock just laid his head against Greg's shoulder with a shaky sigh. He'd been awake for less than ten minutes, and he was already worn out.
“I had quite hoped that you would be small for my visit, dear brother. We do get on so much better then.” Sherlock pulled a face at Mycroft before flopping onto the sofa, rolling so his back was to the room.
Mycroft ignored Jawn and walked into the foyer. "Alright, here we are, sweet boy. You tried very hard and I’m very proud. Do you think you can go up the steps on your own?” he cooed, gently trying to extract himself from a labyrinth of gangly limbs. Sherlock merely clung tighter and started to cry in earnest. “I suppose not. Jawn, go on upstairs and make sure the door to flat is open, please."
Jawn glowered at him for a moment before scooting around Mycroft and opening the front door, making sure the knocker was askew.
Sherlock had cleared his experiments off the kitchen table. The beakers and the flasks were in the sink, ready to be refilled at a later date. He had more important things to do right now. The table was cluttered with multicolored construction paper, markers, glue, and lots of glitter.
Greg turned, put his hands on the counter, then heaved himself up and sat on the countertop. "Only having a bit of fun after the two longest days of my life."
"Yeah, silly me," Greg said, managing to sound convincingly cheerful as he gave his eyes another quick swipe, and then looked underneath the cabinet for the bubbles. "We haven't used the grape ones in a long time; how about those?"
“Big an’ strong,” Jawn replied, staring at the screen. Unlike Sherlock, he could always find some new detail going on in the background, no matter how small, and he took great pride in rubbing it in Sherlock’s face when he did so.
"Whoops, sorry..." Sherlock's apology was cut off by John's deep chested laughter. John kissed his cheek, avoiding the patch of glue.
It was an uneasy silence. Each time one felt the urge to speak they seemed to think the other one would first, so neither did and both remained silent, waiting.
Greg cocked an eyebrow at him, but decided to leave it for now. Made sense the little nipper would need to wrestle back some control after the week he'd had.
"There you've got it." Greg twisted the dress in his lap, "I don't see any openings. Is this like a really elaborate scarf?"
know better, because I know he's in the shed," Mycroft said, but Greg noticed that as emphatic as Mycroft sounded, it didn't quite reach his eyes.
Though it was against his better judgement, Mycroft returned to the counter to get his lone cup of rose with toffee bits and realized that the young woman had been watching them while pretending not to be, and failing. She handed him his cup and, looking over his shoulder, grinned.
Sherlock huffed loudly, his nostrils flaring to show his agitation with this whole situation. He had an inkling as to what John was about to write on that pad. He didn’t have to use his super sleuth skills to figure it out.
The first stroke hurts more than he remembers it could, the breath forced from his lungs as he tries to lean up.
"At times." Mycroft rubbed Sherlock's leg over the blanket. "It does make it worse, loving John as well."
"O'gay!" Sherlock babbled, and tore another strip. "Ooooooooo!" he cooed excitedly, and ripped the rest of the paper away in a hurry. "Is'sa, um, is'sa te'ye, a te'ye--!"
“I know you wouldn’t hurt her on purpose, Sherlock. But you could have hurt her pitching a fit and knocking the stool down the stairs. That is more than a bit not good.” Sherlock nodded his agreement. He’d never forgive himself if something happened to Mrs. Hudson because of him.
John huffs a sigh, “I think that’s enough chatting on the phone today; say goodbye to Mycroft, Pet.”
All of a sudden, Mycroft felt tired. Very tired. He hauled himself out of his chair and left his office, then stood outside of the bedroom for a moment to ready himself, as if he'd never read the grim news at all.
"I y'ike Maw'yee hair," Sherlock agreed, reaching back into the box of jewelry and putting his rings back on his fingers.
Sherlock beamed. "I nee' a ge'd supp'ys!" Sherlock went to get out of his seat and head to the playroom, but Greg put a gentle hand on his shoulder.
"The only person in this room throwing anything is you." Mycroft quipped, and put his hands firmly on Jawn's shoulders.
"I guess we're on our own," Greg chuckled, watching Sherlock put handfuls of dirt in on top of the roots of his flower.
Sherlock looked at him for a long time, and Greg was starting to wonder whether or not he'd made the right choice by stopping his boyfriend from keeping his little brother here...
"Though, that might have been easier for him to swallow," Mycroft said, and handed his little brother a second biscuit.
"Yeah," Greg said, rubbing the back of his head. "I want to help him too, Myc...but we're not going to bully him back into it. I don't want to force him to stay and be little when he doesn't want."
“It’s not that kind of owie, lad…Jawn doesn’t need any on his face,” Mycroft said, batting his hand away and covering The Crimson Captain. “All he needs is to get dressed, have his juice, and snuggle on the couch, isn’t that right?”
Sherlock took the scoop in one hand, with the other one still curled over the bridge of his nose, and dipped a full scoop of dark brown, chocolatey batter.
Sherlock scowled murderously at Mycroft. He squeezed Jawn’s hand before letting go and stomping out onto the landing to sit on the step.
“Plates! Jawn wants a plate and I want a plate, and we can have pasta’s on our plate.” Sherlock sing-song'ed as he pulled open a different cupboard and began to riffle through plastic dinnerware.
Greg sighed; "Its not important. I'm not mad at Mycroft or my muffin and that's the only people I'm worried about right now."
Jawn blinked at Mycroft for a moment before steepling his small hands beneath his chin. Mycroft caught the gesture out of the corner of his eye and pressed his lips together tightly to keep from barking a laugh. Then he stood, sighed, and put his hands on his hips; “Sherlock HOLMES,” he called out, then waited for an answer. There was none.
“Huh?” Sherlock sat up on his knees, and Mycroft could see that two of the snaps of his onesie had come undone in the throes of his flailing, causing it to ruck up on one side.
He must have dozed off, because the next thing he knew, someone was whispering his name and patting his knee.
Sherlock stood in the middle of the kitchen, thumb still in his mouth, damp flannel hanging from his other hand. “I dun’ wan'a.”
Jawn shook his head, bodily turning from Sherlock when he reached out a wobbly finger to touch. Sherlock started to panic. Nana wasn't home. They were supposed to call a grown up when they ended up small together. "We gotsa call a doctors." Sherlock shot up to find his phone but stopped in the doorway when Jawn's cries got impossibly louder.
Greg peered over his shoulder and pointed at a small, rectangular plastic container of various glass beads in their craft kit. "Bring those."
The boys shared a quick glance before peering back up at the man curiously. “…What kind of promise?” Jawn asked, craning his head back.
Mycroft came up behind them and wrapped his arms around them both. "No one's going anywhere." He stepped back and patted Sherlocks' bum; "Now quit being soppy and do as you've been asked."
"You were meant t'a!'" Greg called after him as Sherlock giggled. "Okay slobber monster. Time to clean up and get ready for dinner."
Mycroft began to clear the table of all their plates and dishes. "That sounds like someone else I know."
"C'n o'ben now??" Sherlock asked, turning the boxes this way and that and leaving behind smears of frosting and chocolate crumbs.
"Nurs'ry." Sherlock led them out of the bathroom and down the hallway to the nursery. "I ge'd a' wear bee y'ams."
"Yes, I know. I'm glad you're here to rescue your pajamas." Mycroft finished powdering and got Sherlock's nappy taped up. "Let's put your pajamas on now."
"I nee' i'd all today," Sherlock plopped his bum on the ground began to lay out his supplies, arranging the bits and bobs.
John‘s not sure how he manages to keep himself from pouncing, but he stands in the doorway admiring the scene before him. Sherlock nearly always looked vulnerable, but never this vulnerable. His pale skin jerks with each hitching breath, and his eyes squint shut.
"Just a bit more," Mycroft said, and pulled the sleeve of his jumper over his hand to brush away the last of the glitter clinging to Sherlock's cheeks. "There," he cooed, though it was doubtful his baby brother could hear him over his caterwauling. "There, all done!" Mycroft sat Sherlock up in his lap and held him to his chest.
Jawn skittered after Mycroft down the hall and bumped his nose on the taller man’s back when he stopped abruptly in the doorway of the kitchen.
Mycroft peeked from beneath his hat to see Sherlock stick a dirty finger into his mouth and visibly recoil, then stare daggers at his hand as if it had a mind of it's own.
Sherlock sat on the bed and flipped through the images in the viewfinder portion of his telescope, humming the theme to 'Jake and the Pirates' for a full two minutes before deciding that G'eg might need his help. He scurried down from the bed, his telescope in tow, and went off on his adventure.
Jawn blushed crimson, his hands twisting the hem of his blanket mercilessly. “Thank you,” he whispered.
Sherlock squealed happily and, just as Mycroft was unfastening his nappy, yanked himself out of his grasp to join Jawn down at the side of the tub, leaving Mycroft holding the (surprisingly) dry garment.
"You can't eat him; he's too stringy," Greg interrupted, grinning cheekily and then cackling as Mycroft slapped his thigh.
"G'eg?" Sherlock popped in the door, causing Greg to startle and fumble the plastic cell phone he'd been fighting with.
Jawn held up his hand, pointer finger extended, hovering above Sherlock’s face…then jabbed the little detective square on the nose, making him go cross-eyed. “BEEP!”
"Of course." Greg put a easy hand on the baby's lower back and led him out of the nursery. "You and me, we stick together, muffin."
“He earned it. It made him respect you.” Sherlock fiddled with the tie on his robe; “We had a good time.”
"You look surprised." Mycroft took Jawn's speechlessness as an opportunity to wipe his mouth with the paper napkin that had come with the bag.
Greg poked his head into the nursery, with Baxter the Bunny getting half squeezed to death in his hands; "...Did they find Sally a home?"
Greg scooted down and turned onto his side, facing Sherlock, and sat up on his elbow. "I'd been meaning to take time off," he said, idly rubbing the baby's tummy. "I just didn't imagine it would have taken something like this to get my arse in gear."
"Monkey!" Greg laughed as he reached for him, and Sherlock passed him over. "What were you doing under there, huh? You gave us a scare!"
"I'll wait to hear a better argument than that," Mycroft muttered, carrying two plates to the table while Greg checked to see if Sherlock's applesauce was 'co'd' enough yet.
"Look in one of the other bags." Mycroft turned and strode towards the oven, intent on getting the cupcakes started...and couldn't resist giving Greg's bent-over bum a pinch as he passed. "Get him settled, and I'll bring the drinks."
Jawn’s face began to grow red, and he stomped both feet until he’d turned in a complete circle. “But
“Do we really need to discuss obedience so soon after a spanking?” Mycroft gave the baby's as of yet pale thigh a meaningful pat.
Sherlock sat with his arms crossed, only half paying attention. He was still stewing over the ‘nap’ comment...he didn’t
"A'ways hung'y fa' bis'sits," Sherlock snuffled, taking a bite of his treat. "My fab'rite, a'sides choc'it."
"Sure you can." Greg stripped down to his boxers and climbed into bed, where Mycroft joined them a minute later. "Go on and try it. Close your eyes."
"My turn d'ess, my turn!" Sherlock shoved the taffeta nightmare into Greg's lap and then raised his arms above his head expectantly.
“Alright, alright…down.” Mycroft set Sherlock on his feet before he dropped him altogether, and smirked as the little detective took off like a shot--no time for crawling now. He followed after him, and was just in time to see Jawn placing a stack of printer paper next to the bin of crayons on the low coffee table as Sherlock plopped himself down at the other end. “I don’t remember Jawn answering my question…and I don’t remember him picking up after his excavation, either.”
"An' pa'ber for my treasure box." Sherlock started to stack his telescope and bug friends in his arms.
"No." Sherlock carefully picked up his flower and put it into the flower pot Greg had put near his hip. "My po'd," he murmured to himself, carefully picking up his flower, pot and all, and tromping back across the floor to the potting soil.
Sherlock felt his chin dimple, and he pressed his lips together again, tighter than before, tight enough to feel his pulse in them as his teeth threatened to cut into the backs.
"You bet your arse I do!" Greg crowded up beside Sherlock as the detective started to pry the package open. "We'd practically be able to watch you wet your nappies with it!"
"Goodness! I think your Daddy needs to go up for a knighthood." Mrs. Hudson mumbled, flipping on the kettle.
“I thought you were ‘really, really tired’,” Mycroft replied as he kept Sherlock from all but jumping out of the tub.
“I didn’t do what I was told, and I knocked the stool down the stairs and could have hurt Mrs. Hudson.”
"Because I'm a 'crank' about listening to you two moan about your bellies." Mycroft picked up one of the remotes and started to search through the selection of movies. "What haven't we watched yet?"
"Lavender is an excellent color for this flower." Mycroft got to his feet and pulled Sherlock with him. "Can you sit on the bench and hold our flowers while I get the supplies to change their colors?"
"Do you do that?" Greg stroked Sherlock's cheek, the baby's eyes already mostly closed. "Do you make it hard to go to the bathroom."
“I did, you’re right, I did,” he replied absently as he pulled Sherlock close and all but picked him up. “Sherlock, listen…Sherlock, listen to Myc…I have your dummy in my pocket, remember?"
Greg stirred the macaroni and cheese; "You're a real charmer. Your face is a bit pink as well, by the way. Two whingey Holmes brothers...I should just go spend the night at Baker Street."
"Good lad." Greg (while being very mindful of his fingers) placed the pill into Jawn's waiting mouth.
"No-no." Greg took his hand and kissed it. "Hey, are you excited to see Molly, hm? Bet she's looking forward to seeing you."
Jawn stopped his jabbering and laid his head on the table next to Sherlock's, nearly nose-to-nose. "You s'eepy?" he asked.
Jawn was too busy crying and begging to be picked up to notice as Greg cleaned him up and got a fresh nappy under his bum. "This works a lot better when you help out...remind me to thank you for that later," Greg said, mostly to himself. He got the nappy closed and immediately pulled Jawn to his chest; "See, all done. You were so brave." Greg scooped him up again, and Jawn clung to him.
John dropped a kiss on his tear stained cheek. “See, with the crib, you’re going to have to rely on Daddy to put you to bed, and wake you up, and get you a drink.”
Jawn nearly jumped out of his own skin. “Tha's cold!” he whinged, trying to squirm away from Mycroft’s touch.
Sherlock looked down and pouted, but didn’t argue. Because if he argued, he knew he’d get upset. And if he got upset, he knew he’d cry. And he didn’t want to cry. At least not here, in front of people. He went to pick up his spoon and at least make an attempt at finishing the rest of the sugary muck, but he noticed a smudge of chocolate on his thumb from the worm he’d picked up, and went to lick it off.
Sherlock groaned; “We can feed our selfs, My'coff.” But he obediently took a napkin and tucked it into Jawn’s collar before donning one himself.
“It’s important for you to have your own space, somewhere that is just yours, where you know you are safe. And as you keep slipping younger and younger, it’s important that your space be age appropriate. And little boys sleep in cribs.
“That’s better.” Mycroft sat on the closed toilet lid next to the bath, and started to look through the massive bucket of toys. “And whatever I give you will be dried off thoroughly before being put away so it doesn’t mildew, understood?”
“A fun day had by all, hmm?” she asked with a knowing angle to her smile as she rang them up and started scooping ice cream and toppings into their cups.
Sherlock stood beside him, fingers shoved in his mouth, crying too. He'd forgotten about Jawn's arm for a moment as well. He hadn't even tried to stop Jawn from clapping.
"Hate to spoil the secret, love, but I actually have those pictures in your file already," Mycroft smirked.
Slow and steady at first, Sherlock reminds himself. Tease him. Take it in, drop it. Use your tongue. Don’t forget his sack, John likes that.
"Ahem," Greg put a hand on the back of each stuffies head, and together the three of them whisper-sang happy birthday. The baby looked thrilled beyond words.
Sherlock sat against the wall, his arms wrapped around his long legs, watching John put sheets on the new crib mattress.
After several hard swats to his sit spots Daddy stopped spanking and laid his hand on the small of Sherlock’s back, rubbing small circles, murmuring to him softly. It took a few minutes for Sherlock to calm enough to realize the punishment was over. With Daddy’s help, he pulled himself up and fell heavily into Daddy’s lap, moaning softly as his very tender bottom pressed against Daddy’s thigh, he snuffled sorrowfully into Daddy’s shoulder. They sat that way for a long time, with Daddy rubbing his back and pressing kisses to his face.
"Me too," Greg said, absentmindedly rubbing the part of Mycroft's arm closest to him with his knuckles.
Before John could stop him, Sherlock was opening the carton and pulling out a cupcake. "I love the muppets! And I love cupcakes!"
Sherlock blew a raspberry at him and turned back to his duck, still being held at the bottom of the tub. He let go, excitedly waiting for it to pop up and fly straight out of the tub…
"what? Why can't you eat?" Greg clicked on an episode of Sherlock's cartoon and turned to face him fully.
"Why did I think soup would be a good idea?" Mycroft watched as Molly slurped her soup, some of it already dripping down the front of her jumper.
“Yes. The whirlwind of thoughts, all the details, all the input, narrows to almost nothing. I imagine it’s how regular people live.”
“Alright Sherlock, go on then, and back to bed after.” John turns back to his paper but Sherlock continues to fidget in doorway.
Greg pulled both tapes and fastened each one of them snugly. "Uh-huh," he said, patting Sherlock's newly-covered crotch.
"Good stuff." Greg carried him out of the nursery, leaving the door slightly ajar again, and headed back into the main bedroom where Mycroft was already in bed and waiting.
“It’s not a cage, Sherlock. You can get out of it. I know for a fact you’re going to climb out of it eventually…” John put a loud kiss on Sherlock’s forehead to stall his protest. “We’ll deal with that when it comes. And we’ve talked about this; this is only a trial run. If we try the crib for a while, and you absolutely hate it, we’ll get rid of it. No harm, no foul.”
Sherlock took his fish from Greg and held them in his cupped hands. "Then, um, then they, um," Sherlock chewed his bottom lip as he stared down at them, and then offered them to Mycroft. "They c'n wa'ss you ba've."
Sherlock startled; he hadn't noticed Greg slouched on the sofa in the sitting room. "I ta'k a you," Sherlock said from the doorway,  keeping his eyes on the cup in his hands and fiddling with the spout.
Sherlock's face started to scrunch up. "Don' wan'nid," he said in that high-pitched, teary voice that he always took on right before having a fit.
"Any minute...careful, sweetheart." Mycroft kept one hand under Sherlock's backside, and the other under his arm to keep him from tipping over as he climbed down from the changing table at a turtles' pace.
Mycroft quickly tugged the sleeves of his pajamas up while Greg put a helping of chips directly on Sherlock's tray, and then loaded them with cheese curds and gravy. "Eat up, Muffin. There's plenty more!"
Mycroft kept one eyebrow raised. ‘Stroppy little piss-gremlin,’ he thought to himself, but as long as Sherlock was giggling and not wailing, he let it slide. He wiped his little brother clean quickly, then powdered and nappied him up before either of the two noticed he was done.
"Logic tells me that yes, he is being sincere," Mycroft continued, cutting his brother short; "but then logic takes a look at your face and notices how much you're struggling just to
Greg smirked and shook his head; 'course the little whinger was. He reached up into the cabinet for one of Sherlock's bottles, and thought about what he could take up there for a snack that wouldn't give Mycroft a fit. Then, he filled a sauce pan with milk, a drop of almond extract, a teaspoon of sugar, and let it warm while he dug through the cupboard.
"I beg to differ." Greg stood up as a sleek black Sedan pulled up to the curb, the driver coming out of the car and straight for the front door. "Do you think you can walk a few steps? Just tell we get in the car?"
Mycroft got up and took Sherlock's greasy juice cup and dumped out the last dregs in the sink before fetching a clean one. "Let's finish making our cupcakes and we'll see how we feel."
“What if he doesn’t like me anymore?” Sherlock asked, taking Mycroft’s hand and allowing himself to be pulled up.
"It's been remastered, you swine." Mycroft clicked the movie. "And I know for a fact that you're not going to pay attention to it, so it
“I think you lost the privilege of calling anything ‘gross’ the moment you started cultivating a garden in your nappy.”
Greg smirked as he swung open the backdoor and Sherlock hooted at Mycroft, who was coming out of the shed with an armload of terracotta pots and making his way to the small greenhouse a short distance away.
"Aw! No. If Greg can't find the batteries we'll just have to play the old fashioned way, with our imaginations."
Jawn felt himself blushing and huddled his blanket back up over his head to hide it. “But you’re always right?”
Greg snorted. "Well, 'scuuuuuuuuse me," Greg said, while Molly sat and giggled at them. "You have to take the rings off so the glove doesn't get stuck and tear," he said to Sherlock. "There, now do you believe me?"
"You found bugs in our garden? I thought Mycroft would have had them outlawed." Greg helped Sherlock 'hop' off the last step, and they continued into the kitchen.
"Okay, shhhhh," Greg shushed him, and used his shirtsleeve to carefully wipe the tears off Sherlock's cheeks. "You know what, I'll show you...I'll show you that your fish are just fine, I promise." He put two more spring rolls on the baby's tray, and handed him a fork. "You just sit tight, I'll be right back," he said, and bounded out of the room.
"My'cobb!" He chirped, getting out of his seat to go and greet Mycroft with a hug. "G'eg say'd we c'an ma'ge fairy houses!"
“While that’s good to hear, I highly doubt it’s the truth at the moment.” Mycroft brought his hand back and slapped it down with a crisp
Mycroft was at a loss. Sherlock had orchestrated this visit so that he and Jawn could build a relationship and now…
"'No? But there are so very many other just as beautiful options.' Billy and Baxter began to scour the field for a new home for the fairy, pointing out the prettiest orchids and the fanciest lilies or the brightest daffodils,  but she turned down each new option. This one had 'too many petals', that one was 'too yellow'."
He choked it back...he choked all of it back, fought against it so hard that his throat clenched and pushed back into his chest painfully. He took the time to collect himself, slowly putting on his coat and putting things back into the pockets where they belonged.
"No," Greg grumbled as he stepped into the dress and tried to work it up over his hips. "It ain't gonna work."
Sherlock smiled and scrunched his nose; "Nooo'se!" he giggled, and picked up his cup with both hands.
The no-longer-little detective stood in the hallway, rubbing the sleep from his eyes. “Did you have a bad dream?” Mycroft smirked, his voice teasing.
Sherlock frowned at him and reached down to unsnap his onesie before pulling it over his head. “You had to pick the tightest one,” he grumbled; “and you’re in my chair, you twat.”
“Yes. She was very impressive," Mycroft said, glancing into the sitting room to check on the little detective. Sherlock was where Mycroft had left him, laying on the floor playing with his feet. “How often is Sherlock this tiny?”
"Yeah," Molly said, kneeling down and crawling over. "I can come back, Sher'yock," she said, tilting her head to peer at him.
"You're both ridiculous," Greg huffed, digging in the cabinet for Tupperware since dinner was clearly over.
Mycroft shook his head; “No, you can’t have both…it’s one or the other.” There was no chance he was letting them leave the flat with that thing in his mouth, but he let Jawn have the illusion of choice…for now.
“Yes, a very thorough talking to about cleanliness,” Mycroft cooed, tickling Sherlock’s naked belly. “Pick an outfit, Jawn, or I’ll pick one for you.”
Mycroft deftly swapped the newly cleaned dummy for the one in his mouth. "Jawn, you can quit spying and come in lad. Let me give your dummy a rinse and then it’s all yours.”
Sherlock was vaguely aware of the arguing in the background going silent, and felt both pairs of eyes fall on him.
“Yea. But he can’t have mines,” Jawn said with a decisive nod before putting the whistle back in his mouth and taking a deep breath--
“What if Mrs. Hudson had been coming up the stairs when you had knocked the stool down?” John said quietly. The very idea sent a fresh wave of tears down Sherlock’s face. He hadn’t thought of that.
"It looks yummy. Eat it up." Jawn licked the cheese and garlic off the top of his breadstick and dropped it onto his plate. "I can ha'b mo?" he asked, already reaching into the carton for another stick.
"Yeah." Greg tightened the bow on Sherlock's trainer and patted his leg. "Can you go get Jawn's jacket for me?" Sherlock nodded, then scurried up from the floor.
“My’coff do it?” Sherlock touched a sauce covered finger to the fork in Mycroft’s hand, mouth open like an expectant baby bird.
“How would you help someone wet a nappy…wait never mind. There are some things I’d prefer not to know.”
"Since you don't want to read stories," Greg said as hecleaned Sherlock with a wipe; "What do you want to do instead?"
"You're welcome, muffin--don't take that lid back off," Greg added quickly, just as Sherlock had his grubby little fingers back on the cap.
Molly's face went funny for a split second, and then she was scootching back and standing up to take off her dress and pack it back into the trunk. Being watched was no longer at the forefront of her thoughts.
Mycroft was just putting his phone away when the other two men ambled into the kitchen. "Oh my God, you showed him those hideous things."
"Here, let's have that," Mycroft said, gently taking it from his baby brother's mouth before it ended up in his lap.
Sherlock leaned against the back of the bench and rested his cheek on his arm. "Tha's a y'ong time."
“Are you right now?” Sherlock quipped, sending Jawn into a fit of giggles that nearly toppled him off the sofa.
"I don't know if we can fit an ocean in the backyard, but a faerie garden definitely needs a water feature," Greg agreed, gentling the pop of the toaster.
John hummed, "That's all I ask." John kissed his temple and then worked to untangle himself from long limbs.  Finally managing to free himself, he patted Sherlock’s padded bum. "I should be home before bedtime."
A Cheshire cat-esque smile split Jawn’s face. “My’coff gonna be sick? Don’t like worms? Squiggly, wiggly worms?”
"It's not a mess." Sherlock snarked, intentionally dropping a stack of papers onto the floor. "It's a very specific filing system." He shot her a wide grin as he pulled the box of markers from beneath a tea cup, up ending it and sending the last sip skittering across the desk.
"Yeah, Snoopy. Snoopy's going to make your eye feel better." Greg held up one of the plasters to Sherlock's eye, turning it this way and that to see the best way to fit it.
“You didn’ say it wasn’, you jus’ said for Sherlock not to be rude ‘bout it! Does it have smoke bombs?!” Jawn reached for the umbrella.
“No whinging now. Into bed.” Sherlock slips under the covers, pouting so hard it surely must hurt. John sits beside him, placing a warm hand in the center of his chest. “What are our bedtime rules Pet?”
Mycroft bit his tongue, tempted to show the bratty little doctor just how much a wet bottomed spanking stung, but…
"Yeah. You told me, mmmm" Greg hummed and tapped his chin as if he were in deep thought; "...three times now."
Jawn, finally with his breathing under control, tugged on Mycroft’s sleeve. “I almos’ choked a'death.”
Greg took the proffered pills from Mycroft and held them to Jawn's lips. The little doctor scrunched his face; "No fank oo," he hissed through his teeth.
"Maybe we'll be able to convince Myc to make us French toast for breakfast." Greg gently swayed them; "I follow the same recipe but his is always better."
Greg helped Sherlock carefully climb out of his booster seat. "I thought you had to go to work, Molly."
“Rexie is the best of the dino’rawrs and--” Jawn chattered away as he followed Mycroft into the kitchen to refill their cups with juice; he'd spent the ‘i’m not scared, you’re scared’ bits of the film with his nose buried in Mycroft’s neck and, in the process, had decided to be friends with him again.
Mycroft had poured the baby's pills into his own palm. "Here," he said; "-quickly and then you can scoop the peanut butter."
"This happened about four days ago if the color is anything to go by," Molly snapped on her gloves, putting on a professional air as she gently touched along Sherlock's bruised sternum and rib cage.
Mycroft and Greg both answered at once; Mycroft, with his self-restrained "You're welcome", and Greg with his "It takes pictures to, so, y'know...let me know if the fart-thing works."
Jawn turned in his seat to face Mycroft (further smearing red sauce all over the back of the chair…well, that was something that they were going to have to take care of while they were big, not him. Babysitter, begrudgingly…housekeeper, no) and peered up at him as he shrugged innocently.
“I would make this day last for all time, then fill the night deep in moonshine.” Jawn smiled into his lap as Sherlock hummed along as he moved through the verse one more time.
"Jawn doesn' wear clothes!" Molly chirped, missing the way Sherlock winced at the mention of his name.
"Glad you should ask," John nodded as he made a note on the pad of paper. "You do not have to sleep, but you must try. You do not leave the bed after Daddy puts you there, unless you need the loo or it's an emergency." He paused and then added. "A REAL emergency Sherlock. You will lay in your bed and rest. No books, no laptop, no smartphone. Just you."
"Then take this," Greg held the last pill to Jawn's mouth. The little doctor thrashed weakly in his seat for a moment before opening his mouth and accepting the pill. He quickly swallowed and guzzled his juice, having to stop and take deep gulping breaths.
Greg ignored the protesting of his knees and knelt down next to him. "Sherlock?....What's the matter, muffin? You mad at Greg for not letting you in here?"
Greg gaped up at the window to Mycroft's office, where the elder Holmes had opted to stay inside (and YES, Jawn had indeed pointed out was unfair...many, many, many times). "And just how far does this perimeter alarm go???" he barked.
"Thought you might." Greg waggled his fingers to get Sherlock to take his hand. "What do you say, big boy? Are you hungry? Thirsty?"
Mycroft’s hand stilled on his brother’s bottom. “Sherlock!!!” he shouted over all the noise. When Sherlock continued to wail, he pinched his thigh.
Jawn said nothing…he only hooked his arm back through Mycroft’s and pressed himself close to his side, while looking sheepish.
"I know," Mycroft sympathized. "But it's going to take the heat out of your shoulders." He gave the bottle a shake, and then held it up to his little brother's mouth.
...And maybe the nappy thing. He'd probably wait until he was on his own again before testing that one out, though.
Greg laughed while he tried to wipe away the gobs of frosting and cake from Sherlock's face; "How'd you get it on your nose, muffin?!"
“Yes, Jawn finished his dinner very well," Mycroft cooed, scooping a bite of salad into Jawn’s mouth.
"Actually, I think it's time for the next dose of Sherlock's medicine," Mycroft said, coming to the rescue. "Gregory, will you go get it while we clean up for our next game?"
Greg leaned in close to Sherlock. "Mycroft's no fun, is he?" he stage-whispered, making Sherlock giggle.
They make it through the whole book without incident, but all hell breaks loose when it’s time to select the next book. Sherlock falls to the floor kicking when Mycroft informs him that it’s Jawn’s turn to select a book. Sherlock “gave up his turn” for a book Jawn would like and now Jawn was going to pick another “crap” book. Which of course sets off Jawn shouting about what a good book the crayon book is, etc.
"Yes, that happens with taffeta." Mycroft got Sherlock on his feet and helped him out of his dress. "Molly, can you put all the extra jewels back in the box please?"
“Yes, you are,” Mycroft cooed at him, smiling as he held the forkful of greens out as an offering. “You’re a good lad, and you want to keep being good for Mycroft, don’t you? Just a bite, for me? Please?”
"That's a good choice; that one's my favorite." Greg took the box from him and poured a small handful of cereal into the bottom of the big, metal mixing bowl.
“Mmm,” Sherlock hummed. He was watching Jawn, already asleep again, while he cradled him in the crook of his arm. “It happens occassionally...usually when I’ve spent more than twelve hours straight in headspace.”
That needed to be taken care of, as loathe as he was to admit it...but later. It would be taken care of later.
"He already hurts," Greg groused, rinsing the flannels in the sink. "Anything to get him to smile a bit ya' know."
Greg started to laugh. "Okay, okay, okay," he chuckled, and moved the toy out of the way. "Want me to pick something else?"
"There, Bumble makes it better, huh." Greg did one more sweep of the front of the flat, remembering to grab Sherlock's medication this time...Mycroft would've never let him hear the end of it if he'd forgotten that. Keeping one hand under the baby's bum, he dug out his phone and dialed a familiar number.
"Maybe Mycroft will be our sweetest love and put the DVD in for us, pleeeeeeeeaaaaaassssseee?" Greg made puppy eyes, and so did Sherlock after a nudge from Greg.
"It wasn't actual kidney failure...just near it. Keeping him hydrated will be a huge step in preventing that."
“I want to play the claw machines," Sherlock grumbled, seemingly oblivious to the thunderous look on Mycroft’s face.
Jawn was already on the changing table, stripped completely aside from the temporary splint. "Theeerrreee Shhhr'yock!" he said, and started to reach for him with his bandaged arm until Greg stopped him.
"Yours..." He chokes out; his fingers twisting into John's trousers until his knuckles are white. "Yours Daddy...'
“He was sorta big this morning. I tol' him to wear somethin’ else.” Jawn stooped to pick up his dummy, shoving it back into his mouth before Mycroft could protest.
"Wha'd is i'd?" Sherlock mumbled through a mouthful of cake and frosting as he held up a box full of colorful plastic beetle-shaped toys.
"My'coff help me hol' y'adybugs a y'ittle bit. One poop on him." Sherlock grinned like the cat who swallowed the canary as Mycroft made indignant noises at the stove.
"Almost done, brave heart. Almost." Mycroft moved swiftly, cleaning every crease. The baby didn't need a rash on top of everything else.
Sherlock immediately began to squirm and fuss, spitting out his bottle; "Up, up, up. G'eg? Nee' G'eg! G'eeeeeeeeg! Halp, G'eg!"
Sherlock opened his mouth and let Mycroft put the pills on his tongue, and when Greg handed him his cup he quickly drained it. "Yu'g," he groused, puffing for air.
“Why don’t we get you padded up and we can demonstrate for you, brother mine," Sherlock said, waggling his eyebrows.
Mycroft picked up the bag, wincing at the loud crinkling in the otherwise quiet room. “Perhaps compared to your nappies, that comes off as white noise," he whispered to himself as he headed into the kitchen. He opened the fridge and startled--Jeffrey the dinosaur was sitting on the top shelf staring at him, spikey tail still wrapped in an Elmo plaster. “How did I not see you all afternoon?!” Mycroft said, thinking back over all the times he’d opened the fridge.
"I know," Sherlock accepted another bite, and pointed at the screen. Peep was eating a worm out of an apple for breakfast. "Choc'ate be'dder," he said, cereal bites raining out of his mouth. "Oo'bs."
"Precisely." Mycroft gently manipulated Jawn's broken arm into the sleeve of his onesie; the rest was tugged on in seconds.
Jawn had on Mycroft’s coat and was struggling to close Mycroft’s umbrella, but the sleeves were too long and giving him trouble.
“Settle,” John ordered, but was reaching for the carton of cupcakes. He allowed Sherlock to pick one and the boy made short work of it, within a few seconds he was standing before John licking his fingers clean of the icing.
"Aw, I'm sorry muffin, I'm not trying to make it hurt." Greg finished with one last squeal from an irritated infant. "There, all done."
"More sauce too, G'eg? B'ery import'ed part! P'ease an; f'ank oo!" Sherlock crowed as Greg put his plate in front of him and went to the freezer. "Wha's smol fry?"
“Fantastic. It’s not even suppertime and we’re well on our way,” Mycroft said, false cheer hanging from every word as he headed down the hallway towards the unmistakable sound of the water running in the bathtub.
Sherlock leaned back against his brother and stuck his thumb in his mouth while he looked Greg up and down. "...Y'ah," he said at last, with a faint smile.
He took his first sip and held in his mouth for a bit, while he let his thoughts roam. He wondered how long was an appropriate time to stay, now that the boys were asleep…of course, he could always stay the night and sleep in the master bedroom, but…
"Shh-sh-sh..." Greg shushed the tyke gently while rocking him. "Poor baby, you didn't get a full nap in."
"Yea'. Ca'ge nee' fros'ing." Sherlock carefully set down his 'finished' cupcake and picked up another. "Do our cu'bca'ges nee' anyf'ing a'sides fros'ing?"
“I rea’yee wan’ a prize,” Sherlock pouted, begrudgingly picking up Jawn’s net and all but throwing it into the sink.
“No. Pink is very fetching on you--matches your bum perfectly.” Mycroft quickly got Jawn nappied and dressed as well. “And anyways, you’ll be sleeping most of the time you’re wearing them.”
"Maybe Greg's just going to go ahead and buy you a new copy," Greg said, eyeing the stitches in the baby's hairline.
John grips his hips through his clothing and seats himself inside fully, hips pressed against Sherlock’s ass. He wonders vaguely if John wiped his hand off before touching his coat. Then he scolds himself for worrying about such a thing with his lover planted firmly inside of him.
"That's very sweet and not even the littlest bit weird. Can you show me how your telescope works? I'm thinking of getting one for myself."
"Keep looking, Gregory." Mycroft said around the bobby-pin in his mouth. He'd parted Mollys' hair and twisted elegantly.
"Warn this," Greg grumbled under his breath, clearing the rest of the take away boxes and putting them in the rubbish.
"Yes, that’s right, dummy…and you know what? If you can walk all the way to Baker Street without throwing a fit, I’ll give him back. Can you do that?”
Too stunned to do more than yelp in shock, the little detective stomped his feet as a dozen swats lit his still smarting bottom back to a fierce heat.
John gaped at him for a moment, then began to giggle. “Sher’yock has hic’um’ups!” he said, looking back at Mycroft as if this were the best news in the world.
Though, it had gone quiet except for Sherlock’s soft, steady babbling to his wooden alligator. “Hey gents, I fancy a drink and a snack, what about you?”
"That's the one that's gunna be a monster to deal with tonight." Greg inclined his head toward the car before he carefully got Jawn walking to the door.
Arecently smacked bottom kept Sherlock from doing more than pout around his thumb as Jawn babbled happily. “C'ute baby. My'coff. My baby a c'ute baby,” Jawn crooned, gently rubbing Sherlock’s hitching chest as if hiccuping was the greatest, most clever thing Sherlock had ever done.
Sherlock moved to greet him, far more eagerly then he usually would, the card hidden behind his back. "Hi! Daddy."
"...Only if Gregory wears one, as well," Mycroft said, smirking at the dirty look Greg was shooting in his direction.
“That’s enough.” Mycroft put Jawn’s plate down in front of him. “I also know where it is, but I’d prefer to finish my dinner before I deal with it.”
Sherlock dumped his entire net into the rubbish can and raced back to the tub; “Jawn, share, Jawn,” one foot poised over the edge.
'Baxter?' Billy made his way slowly over, just in case whatever was in the bush wasn't Baxter, and wasn't friendly.
"Bu'd I wan' go, too," Sherlock said, looking fretful as he watched his brother leave the room while Greg held him in his lap.
Greg glanced at Sherlock in the rear view mirror, most of his fingers were in his mouth. "You're both going to be fine." Greg pulled into the A&E. Mycroft was standing with a medical team who immediately came to collect Jawn.
Mycroft sighed for what seemed like the umpteenth time that day; it was the dummy argument all over again. “Jawn, you have a whole pile of green ones, in all different shades…let Sherlock have one.”
"Good." Mycroft let go of Greg's shoulder; "Because next time, I'll just spank you in front of him, instead of making him leave first."
"THANK you," Greg said, and stuck his tongue out at Mycroft. "At least someone can appreciate fine art around here."
“No, Sherlock. This one is nonnegotiable.” He put the pad of paper down on the sofa and pulled the boy back down, wrapping his arms around his middle and giving him a squeeze. “Daddy loves you, little man. You are too important. Daddy would be lost without you.” John punctuated each statement with a kiss to the suddenly tear streaked face. “In fact, that is going to be on our list. Daddy loves Sherlock. So we can remember why we have the rules in the first place.”
"Noooooooooo!" Sherlock wailed, slumping over his tray in a way that really must have had his ribs screaming. "I don' wan'd d'iiiis!"
“A’course, Jawn.” Sherlock rolled his eyes, the word ‘obvious’ heavily implied. “Turtles or f’wogs?”
Sherlock had migrated and was filling both his, and Greg's portion of the bed. "Myc. Myc, wake up, Myc."
"Oh god Daddy, so tight...so deep, could fuck you...unhhh." Another slap and Sherlock finds himself losing pace with his thrusts. His hips jerking wildly as Daddy presses hard into him and he presses all the harder into the mound of silicone in his fist.
"Billy said to Baxter, 'We need to keep you close little duck. I'm going to connect us with this bit of string.' And Baxter said?"
"Do you need to use your safe word, Sherlock?" John's voice is calm; his thumb making patterns on the inside of Sherlock's wrist.
At the top of the stairs, Sherlock turned to go to Mycroft and Greg's bedroom, but found himself being tugged the other way...towards the nursery.
"We'll get supplies together, after snack." Greg put the bowl of blueberries down in front of the baby.
Sherlock eyed it dubiously before snatching it up and finding their text conversation. "You were...civil."
The little detective draped himself over his brother’s back while he filled both cups, laying his head on his shoulder with a sleepy sigh and hugging him around the waist. “Someone’s more of a cuddler now, isn’t he?” Mycroft asked, handing Jawn his cup and trying to turn around without knocking Sherlock on his bum.
"Gregory is quite fetching," Mycroft winked at Greg who was trying to sift the glitter out of his hair. "Let's go inside and start some cupcakes."
"Bax'er turn!" Sherlock babbled happily and picked up a fistful of cake, then held it to his bunny's mouth while Greg silently prayed that he wouldn't end up having to wash peanut butter off of a very important stuffed animal that night.
“Oh no, no, no,” John scolds, moving into position on the bed. “Your punishment isn’t over yet little man.”
“I y’ike baffs!” Jawn crowed, a piece of pasta flying out of his mouth and onto the table. Another thing for them to clean up later.
Sherlock, upon hearing the drawers being pulled open, tried to sit up to see what G'eg was doing over there...but the twinge in his right side made him think twice. He winced and laid back on the table, pouting...that had hur'd.
“Who said you were sleeping alone?” John asked, wrapping an arm around his middle and tugging him upstairs. “We’ll have a sleep and some takeaway, and then you can finish your experiments before your bath. Sound good?”
"I am not!" Sherlock whinged. "Where the fuck are my clothes??" Sherlock had emptied the hamper onto the floor.
John hummed, checking his pockets for his wallet and keys. "Come on." John said, turning out the door and trotting down the stairs.
"Dun' f'row away my y'ucky pan's!!!" Jawn squealed as he struggled to sit up and defend his property.
"What's that, love?" Asked Mrs. Hudson, bustling in the kitchen. "How about a sandwich and some soup for lunch? I have tomato bisque." She didn't get to see the brilliant way Sherlock's face contorted in disgust.
"I know, I know," Greg said, grinning cheekily as he took the baby's hand and led him out of the room. "I can't believe you're not asleep."
"I know, muffin, I'm sorry! But we can't leave you covered in gravy, sweetheart. You'll reek and be all sticky, and it just won't feel good."
Sherlock, still sniffling and whimpering, climbed up onto the bed and lay on his back without having to be prompted, and Mycroft felt a slight twinge of guilt that he had to ask him to sit up so they could take off his soaking wet onesie. “I know, it’s no fun sitting on a sore bottom,” he said over the little detective’s whinging as the outfit was pulled over his head. “But it wouldn’t be sore if you had only listened to me and not made a bigger mess in the first place, would it?”
"I wanna go wif Maw'yee. I y'ike wor'g." Sherlock turned away from another bite of soup and pulled off his bib. "A'mon. I nee' pan's."
Mycroft turned his back to the teenager and moved Sherlock in front of him. “Sherlock Holmes,” he said, speaking low. “Do you want your chips, or do you want to go home for a nap?”
"Tell you what," Greg said as he helped Sherlock down from the table and made sure he was steady on his feet. "We'll look for Baxter-sized clothing later. Or, better yet, Molly can show you how to
"Quite a few. Mummy doesn’t have much of a singing voice, but she loved to sing when we were small.”
"The pink necklace would match too. What do you think Sherlock?" Greg asked and looked down at Sherlock, who was twisting one of his earring to make sparkles appear on the wall.
John stares at him incredulously for a moment before he starts to laugh. From deep in his chest and so hard his sides ache and there are tears in his eyes.
“Are you psychic now, as well?” The defiant tone in Sherlock’s voice was undermined by the faint blush underlining his cheekbones at the snapping sound the medical gloves made. John had conditioned him well.
Both little boys startled and stared wide eyed at Mycroft. “Until one of you can tell me what the problem is, you are both going to sit in time out. Now.”
Sherlock kneels naked on the bed, turning the toy over in his hands. If he does this, and is caught, there'll be hell to pay. The thought sends shivers down his spine and has him reaching into the night table for the lube. He slicks his fingers, working the lube to warm it like he's seen John do many times before. He holds the thick clear silicone in one hand and with the other runs a slick finger around the entrance before slipping it all the way in. A moan catches low in his throat. The fake hole feels good, almost like a real one. He works in another finger, and then another, moving slowly.
“I can’t believe--well, I can believe it, actually. Why did you even put it in there if you didn’t want me to have it?” Jawn asked, his anger slipping in the face of Sherlock’s tears.
“It didn’t land in the sink.” Mycroft slowly poured water over Jawn’s hair while gently working the shampoo out with his fingers.
“My co'der?” Sherlock nudged the crayon tub closer to his older brother, but keeping his green crayon cradled to his chest.
Sherlock turned his mouth away from the bite of salad Mycroft held to his mouth. “Jawn din’ hafa’ eat veg’ables!”
"What, chips and gravy? Hold out your arm, pet." Sherlock held up one bubble-covered arm, and Mycroft carefully rubbed at the iodine stains in the crook of his elbow with small, gentle circles, worried about the state of his veins. "Perhaps. You and Gregory are both in a hurry to clog your arteries, aren't you."
Sherlock froze completely, cutting himself off mid-wail. He lifted his head and stared up at his brother, his eyes wide as saucers.
Mycroft turned around just as Greg came up behind him, wet towel still draped around his shoulders. " 'Course I'm back; did you think I'd skip out on cupcakes?!"
"He might be cheered up by his bunny," Mycroft said, loud enough for Sherlock to hopefully hear him. "It should still be in the crib."
"Would you like a toasted cheese sammie?" Mrs. Hudson leaned past the door frame to eye the sulking detective. She sighed loudly and put down her block of cheese.
“OWWWW, MY! You can’t do that! You’re not my Da’.” Jawn whinged, struggling to get out of Mycroft’s vice-like grip.
Mycroft shook his head. "No. Motion-activated cameras at the back and front doors. The video would have popped up on my screen."
"I'll give you want you want, little man," John promises, his mouth inches from Sherlock's, whose lips are puckered in a desperate attempt to meet Watson's. "I'll take my time; stretch you nice and wide so you can take my cock. Hard and rough, just the way you’ve been begging for it."
A single red-rimmed eye made an appearance, followed by a nose and half a mouth. “…’m sorry,” he mumbled.
Greg had set baby Moana up on the nightstand, her pokey fingers far away from his tender parts. "Wait. You knew where he was."
"I'mma mu'ppin so I dun' nee' jams!" Sherlock tugged at the snaps between his thighs. "I tol' G'eg no c'yothes!"
Greg laid beside him silently, and rubbed Sherlock's back as, eventually, the baby fussed himself to sleep.
Greg buried his nose in Sherlock's hair and kissed the side of his head. He couldn't imagine it getting worse than this.
"Do you remember when you last took your medicine, hm," Mycroft hummed, lips still pressed to Sherlock's forehead.
The fairy wasn't excited about the travel, but she saw no other choice, other than to be homeless...so, Billy tucked her into his pocket, and the three of them set off in the woods again. 'By the way,' Billy asked. 'What is your name, tiny  fairy?'"
"My'coff fun, e'ben if he n'ah a aminal y'ike us," Sherlock nodded to himself, picking up the mostly empty cup of applesauce and slurping the rest.
Sherlock toddled over to the cots and plucked his bunny up, then came back and took Gregss hand. "I y'ike sh'icken p'ingers."
He doesn’t gags again, even when John is thrusting with the full force of his hips into Sherlock’s mouth. He takes John each time, moaning around the cock in his mouth as he does.
"Yea. I figured," Greg opened the plaster. "We're going to do like last night and make a plaster spider."
Mycroft felt a dummy tumble down his back as Sherlock opened his mouth to wail. "Oh nooo, oh baby, you're okay. It's okay. I know. You hurt yourself by accident. You were all comfy and forgot." Mycroft rubbed the baby's heaving back as he slowly trudged up the stairs. They were most definitely keeping him in bed as much as they could for the next few days--Gregory would be in heaven.
"I jus' ba'ff. My han's are b'ery c'yean," Sherlock flicked a piece of shell off his fingers and into the sink.
"Don'd bi'de me," Jawn warned, and placed all three tablets on Sherlock's tongue. "A'ri'de, sh'ew 'em u'b!
"Very good." Mycroft held the cup up and used the flower stem to stir it a little. "What do you think, is that lavender enough?"
“At last, the Grey crayon had colored all the animals at the zoo.” Jawn said, patting the picture gently. “See! I told you this is a good book.”
“S’yobber ina ca’mel.” Jawn put his clean finger into the caramel and then rushed it to his mouth, leaving a string of gooey sugar across the table. “They’se bo’ff amazin’!”
Mycroft unbuckled the baby and helped him out of his booster, then bent down to retrieve his cup from the floor. "Go find Gregory and ask him to put a movie in," he said, handing it to him and giving him a peck on the cheek.
Which made Sherlock forget that he was supposed to be complaining about getting a baby fork. "Is c'od?" he asked, dropping the fork and reaching for his applesauce instead.
Sherlock slowly turned back, eyes big and wide…and ah, yes, there it was! The dazed, dreamy look was misting them over again. “Am?” he asked.
"I think we've misplaced your bunny, again. We need to put a bell on him," Mycroft teased as he set them to rocking with his foot.
Mycroft stopped in mid-stride, and looked at his little brother with a mixed expression of incredulity and bemusement.
"What woke you up, bruiser...hm?" Greg asked, and carried him over to the changing table, and...just as he thought would happen...the moment he started to set Jawn down, the poor little thing began to cry again. "It's just to change your bum, little love! I promise I'll pick you back up when I'm done!"
"Because I wouldn't notice it in the morning when they're both strung out on sugar?" Mycroft grumbled into his pillow.
Holding onto the railing tightly, Sherlock made his way down the steps. Once on the ground floor he raced to the playroom where he could hear Greg cursing.
"Never mind, we'll manage," Mycroft said, pulling a bib over Sherlock’s head and putting a breadstick on his plate. Greg looked up, about to say something else, and again hesitated when he saw Sherlock's tear-streaked face. He gave Mycroft a questioning look.
Greg sighed, then leaned in close to whisper in his lovers' ear; "Look, if you wanna keep on until he's bawlin' and upset and too wound up to sleep, be my guest. You'll be stayin' in the nursery with him, then."
“Sssssss.” Jawn handed Sherlock the frog from his hoard of stuffies. “Is alrigh’. We jus’ gotsa be b’ery quie’d.”
Mycroft set each of the pots down carefully as he watched the pair cross the backyard, and chuckled when Sherlock finally grew impatient enough to drop Greg's hand and dart over to where he was standing.
Sherlock had his thumb in his mouth and he leaned forward to link pinkies with Greg, giggling when their hand shake waggled his head. "Dea'yl. We can wa'sh mo'bie."
Sherlock blinked at Mycroft, then closed his eyes (just as he said), took his thumb out of his mouth and folded it into his fist...then blew his candle out.
“Oh, for…!” Mycroft turned Jawn around and got the group moving again. “I’ll look at your bum all you want when it’s over my knee later, you little brat.”
John had no idea what a tumblr account was, and he chose to ignore the fact that Sally Donavon had one, especially when it involved sex toys. “What’s it even called?”
"Right; and I don't expect to ever be cruel to you," John promised lovingly. "I care about you very much, and I never want to hurt you."
Sherlock rested his chin on Mycroft's shoulder. "Da'yee," he sniffled while his tears dribbled down the tip of his nose and his chin, soaking his brother's shirt.
Mycroft deflated; "I'm sorry I shouted...I was very concerned something had happened to you. I'm not angry, and you're not in trouble."
"There's no....there it is! Moll's had to pick the most complicated dress in the box for my sassy muffin."
Sherlock's nose wrinkled. This wasn't the time for such trivial things. It was Valentines day, and that was important. "I made something for you." Sherlock announced. "It's a surprise!" He twisted the card in his fingers, still behind his back, hidden from John. "I wanted to go to market, but I'm not allowed to leave the flat without you..."
Jawn scowled at the stoop before coming into the foyer and shutting the door with a bit more force than was necessary.
"Thank god." John grumbles as he grabs a loose t-shirt off of the floor and uses it to clean them off before tossing it in the direction of the hamper. "We're going to have a chat tomorrow about the state of your room, Pet." Sherlock hums at him as he tugs the detective to the head of the bed and gets them both under the covers. Sherlock fits snuggly against his side, head on his shoulder and soft breath on his neck. If John didn’t know better he would have thought Sherlock had fallen asleep.
"P'ease, G'eg? We wa'sh pan'a?" Sherlock blinked up at him with big, hopeful eyes and nuzzled into the crook of his neck.
"Sherlock's going home," Greg replied as Sherlock walked right past him, one bottle of medication already opened and rattling pills out into his hand. "Don't take those dry."
"Turn it out yourself, ya' great lump." Greg snuggled Sherlock close and patted his hip. "Let's find some music."
“I thought you said it was Sherlock who would eat three orders,” Mycroft smirked, holding out the last bite of fish for Jawn.
“What are you doing here Mycroft?” Sherlock grumbled from the landing, fighting the buttons on his coat.
This is ridiculous, Sherlock thinks as he flops around in his bed again. No position is comfortable, not even with John's jumper up against his cheek. He just isn't tired, and it’s unfair for John to make him stay in bed when he can’t sleep.
“Another word for dumb.” Jawn chewed his lip and forced himself to keep his eyes focused on the screen, though he’d stopped watching the movie.
With Mycroft following, Molly came in and gingerly sat down on the sofa near Greg, placing her bag on the floor at her feet. "Well hello, Sherlock," she said sweetly.
Mycroft put his hand on Sherlock's lower belly and gently pushed him back down. "Relax," he repeated.
"Yeah. Then you can take one home with you when we find the other." Greg waited until the titles stopped scrolling by completely before trying to ease the remote from Sherlock's hand...but stopped when sleepy fingers still tightened around it. "Okay, you just hang onto that, then," Greg whispered, and patted his hip instead.
Sadie: Mycroft hears him rustling about and tries to keep a sharp ear on him and pay attention to Jawn at the same time, letting the little doctor take over the story and read out loud.
Greg heaved a sigh as he snapped the onesie in place and helped lift Jawn down from the changing table...just as the sound of the doorbell rang from downstairs. Greg looked at Mycroft; "Damn, that was quick."
Mycroft covered him in a fuzzy blanket and put a kiss on his temple; “Goodnight, sweetheart,” he said, and turned to leave.
Sherlock moans as he hears John's words. He bites his lip and nods his chin up and down; he’d stay forever like this if it would please John.
Mycroft took the umbrella from the little boy who promptly twisted away from Sherlock and reached for it. "Mine!”
He kept slapping, turning his little brother’s backside from a brighter pink to a dusky red. “Are you going to listen to my instructions next time?” he shouted, only half-expecting an answer.
"Yeah, they could cut a plea deal." Greg walked over and sat down next to Sherlock, then took one of his hands. "They could get a reduced sentence of half a cupcake each," he said, and started to wipe him clean.
"I've spent the entire day making decisions that would impact the entire European Union. You pick something."
Sherlock merely rolled his eyes and reached for another biscuit, growling when Mycroft pulled the package out of reach.
Jawn, who’d been waffling between chewing his thumb and pulling down his jumper (because God forbid he let go of Sherlock’s hand) looked up in alarm; "No, thank you!"
Greg turned to quietly scurry off, when Mycroft called after him. "And more sunscreen? I used the last of it on him."
“Come on then.” John gestured for him, but he couldn’t move. His legs refused to cooperate. He knew he deserved this, but willingly putting your bottom in the line of fire just seemed idiotic.
"Hush." Mycroft twirled his umbrella in his hand as he eyed the handle. "But how...how do you think he's going to handle all of this in the morning?"
The room was quiet except the gentle ‘nuk-nuk’ of a dummy and a thumb being sucked. They drifted off slowly, staring at each other over Mycrofts' chest.
Greg shucked his pants in record time and squeezed the dress up over his hips, "Christ alive! I may never breathe again."
'He's gotten lost!' Billy cried, and covered his face with his hands. 'This is why we were strung together.'
Greg wrapped his arms around the baby and held him close, petting him while he had a cry. The little mite had been through a lot in the past week, and most of it was still catching up with him.
“Oh hush, you…Mummy used to have to hide any mints she had in the house, or you’d sit and eat the whole tin in one go," Mycroft said, rubbing Jawn’s back and kissing the top of his head before ruffling his hair. “BUT, before we go, I need a promise from the both of you.”
"Tattletale." Greg selected the playlist that Mycroft had made just for the boys whenever they were over; a combination of classical and white noise. "There," he said, handing it back.
“Dunno,” Jawn said, his voice watery. He knew what Sherlock was trying to do, but he couldn’t focus on much besides the fact that Mycroft, frontrunner of the British Government and overall snobby prick, was changing his nappy…and being
“Stubborn little thing you are, always have been.” Mycroft used a finger to lift Sherlock’s chin up. “Jawn’s more than ready to forgive, but you have to be willing to say you’re sorry first.”
“Do you want to play in the bath before we run the water out?” John asked as he was drying his hands.
Mycroft was really slathering it on, and Sherlock was not pleased one bit. He squirmed and tried to lean away, just as he had in the bath, but Mycroft had the advantage of holding a non-slippery baby.
It'd taken John most of the morning to put the thing together. Despite Sherlock's very vocal displeasure, and scrapping most of the skin off of one of his knuckles, John was in high spirits.
"Shhhhhh," Greg reminded him with a finger to his lips. "That's wonderful, muffin, I'm glad he likes it."
Mycroft sighed to himself...well, he had been the one who'd suggested food coloring...he should have anticipated this, as well. "Yes, yes you did. Now, for the lavender--"
"I guess that's supposed to mean he wants me to put you in this." Greg picked up the shirt and held it out to get a look at it. "Aww...I like this one," he said as he looked over at Sherlock...and then started to laugh.
Well, Mycroft didn’t know what to make of that. He waited for the menu to pop up but even then, he didn’t recognize it...yet it only took one note of the music for Sherlock to spin around and look, with a big, wide, grin splitting his face. “Dino’rawrs!” he said, clapping.
“Christ. What have I done?” Mycroft wrinkled his nose as Jawn ate a fist full of pasta, sauce smearing across half his face.
Mycroft smiled at him. "Alright, then. Here, let's sit you up so he can see what he's doing, darling."
“I can have my dummy then?” Jawn peeped over his shoulder, surreptitiously glancing down at his own bum.
Jawn put down his cup guiltily, the ring of chocolate around his mouth showing where he’d tried to lick the cup clean. "Yea'. Is all gone. Can we have more?”
Jawn scooted up onto his knees and pressed himself along Mycroft’s side, “Yea! Love, My'coff.” He pressed his blanket covered lips to Mycroft’s temple, making a loud smacking noise.
“No,” Sherlock shook his head, dropplets of water flying off the forming ringlets. “I’m ready for big boy time.”
Sherlock swallowed, but managed an answer even as John was cleaning his most private parts. “Because I’m almost to big for this one!”
"Here, muffin...I'll get you some more juice. Your brother can get you in the bath." Greg took the nearly empty cup from Mycroft, and the elder Holmes brother could see the tears welling in his lover's eyes before he turned and quickly left the room.
"Maw'yee me'zzy too," Sherlock gave a scrunchy grin when Molly blushed and hid behind her napkin again.
The little doctor froze, one foot already on the bottom step, and looked at Mycroft over his shoulder.
Sherlock took his hands from John's jumper and put them in his lap, palms up before scrunching his eyes closed.
Sherlock had just devised a brilliant retort when Grammy’s apron began to make the most heinous chiming.
John’s expression hardened slightly, “Oi!” He snapped his fingers and pointed at the floor on his right side, and without thought Sherlock moved into the space. John made short work of tugging his trousers and pants down around his knees and pulling him across his lap. He adjusted the little detective, lifting his right foot up onto the rung of the chair so Sherlock was tipped forward, his plush bottom more fully on display.
"Of course. Royalty have become reality stars. It'll be perfect." Mycroft sat in a chair and nursed his own tea.
"Yes...your kidneys were sick, that's one reason you were in the hospital." Mycroft held one of the pills up to Sherlock's mouth. "And we are making sure that you don't need to go back."
Mycroft closed the toilet seat and sat down on the lid, then carefully lifted Sherlock into his lap. "Here, open up...such a good boy," he said, putting one pill in Sherlock's mouth before handing him his cup. "Swallow that one first, there you go."
"I have water, tea, prune juice, milk... what will it be?" Mrs. Hudson asked, studiously ignoring the mess on her impeccable kitchen floor.
"I'm gunna wiggle wiggle my feet, cause I'm dancin' in my seat." Molly sang, taking a big slurp of soup.
"Very good. Pour them in the mixer, SLOWLY." Mycroft put his hand around Sherlock's to help direct him, before he could dump the whole bowl in one big splattering mess. "There, see...slowly."
Greg picked out one of Sherlock's cushier nappies. "Mycroft won't let you help if you're not dressed."
"Anything green! Christ, what did they give you?!" Greg struggled to get the other side of Jawn’s nappy taped
Greg tilted his head back in order to see his lover's face. "But, then who will carry us upstairs, dearest?" he asked, feigning innocence.
Mycroft knew they were both laying it on, and thickly, because they were both stalling bedtime…but it was awfully cute.
“I y’ike em!” Jawn chirped, climbing out of the tub and standing with his hands on his hips. “Can I have g’een ones?”
Mycroft reached out and caught a wobbly Sherlock by the shoulders and held him steady for a moment, waiting to see if he was going to cry or not. "There's a good lad, you're alright," he said, patting the baby's back.
John pulled back to look at his face. Sherlock knew from past experience that he looked as miserable as he felt. Daddy scrunched his nose and made a show of checking his watch.
Sherlock slowly pulled the lid off of the box, revealing a tiny white face with dark eyes. The hedgehog pulled itself onto its hind legs and sniffed the air, making tiny grunting noises.
Generally, Sherlock did not have a problem with hygiene, but his little boy grunted and groaned at the announcement of a bath. John silenced him with a look, took him by the shoulder, and marched him to the bathroom.
"It won't take as long as you think." Greg settled the bib around Sherlock's neck, and gave his bum a playful pinch. "You have to sit in your booster for dinner, little man."
The little doctor craned his neck to peek into the display case, unwilling to leave the comfort of Mycroft’s side. “Mint?”
"Yes daddy. But it was useless. I kept getting harangued by blokes trying to buy me a drink. The suspect got away."
“Trousers, perhaps, but pants would only be redundant.” Mycroft stripped his gloves off with another snap that sent a shiver down Sherlock’s spine and caused him to clench Jawn’s hand. “Those trousers were damp and smelt sour, but you’re welcome to put them back on if you’d like,” he added with a smirk. “Though, I wouldn’t hesitate to say we’d likely get faster service if you stayed as you are.”
Jawn settled down, curled around his Sherlock. Mycroft resisted the urge to snap one last photo and headed down the hall, leaving the nursery door open and the bathroom light on.
"Ev'rybody loves cheese," she replied, repeating what she'd seen Greg do (and felt a little jealous of), and dipped a piece of her sandwich in her soup.
“Is’not!” Jawn clutched it to his chest, and Mycroft groaned out loud at the thought of another ‘green crayon’ argument.
An hour and a half later (which felt a little bit on the shorter side of an hour and a half), Mycroft found himself being awoken by several small, light touches on his face. He cracked an eye open and was met with a long finger touching the tip of his nose; "…You’re not awake yet.”
Sherlock looked between Greg and Mycroft before putting on his brave face. "My'cobb!!! You come my birf'day!!!!"
"We could also pick some treats you could earn as rewards too. Sweeties or small toys...or, if you're very well behaved; we could start buying the things on your wish list." John said, tipping his chin at Sherlock's laptop on the desk. The boy in his lap started to squirm.
John just chuckles and shakes his head, not bothering to acknowledge the reproachful look of his little one. Computer restriction seemed an appropriate punishment for hacking Lestrade’s email account.
He burst into the bedroom, where he found one of the kitchen chairs lying on its side next to the bed...and right next to it was Jawn, wailing and clutching his elbow. Sherlock's heart jumped into his throat, and tears stung his eyes. "Jawn!?" He dropped to his knees next to Jawn, but was unsure if he should touch him or not. "Jawn, you okay?!"
Mycroft bit his tongue to keep a retort about hobbits at bay. Now that Jawn had warmed back up to him, it wouldn’t do to stir the pot. “So he is. But he’s very young right now.”
Sherlock started to worry his bottom lip with his teeth; “…Trouble, My?” he asked, reaching back to clasp his hands over his backside instinctively.
"I wish we had popsicle sticks. Could build a little garage for the faerie house. You think they zip around in little magical cars?"
Sherlock audibly gulped, tears suddenly running down his cheeks unbidden. Daddy rarely smacked him bare.
"No, boy" John growls, “tonight, I want you like this.” John maneuvers Sherlock onto his back with a pillow under his hips, legs open wide, knees nearly at his chest. John gives him a foreboding look, snapping his fingers sharply. "Stay."
"No, I mean, he said 'no' about the cupcakes, muffin." Greg retrieved a bowl from one of the top cabinets, and dumped Sherlock's leftover pasta into it.
"Delicious," Greg caught the baby's wrist and pretended to eat his whole hand, causing Sherlock to squeal in delight.
Mycroft hummed his agreement, unwilling to point out what a little fuss pot Jawn actually was. He laid Jawn back down and stripped him of his sodden nappy.
“For fucks sake!” Mycroft popped one of the dummies in his mouth, giving it a quick suck to remove any lint and popped it into Sherlock’s mouth
The little Doctor looked seriously between them before shyly selecting one covered in tiny bunnies. “Y'abbit ina gar’en, Sher'yock.” Jawn tipped his head and smiled at Sherlock through his lashes, hamming for all he was worth.
“Si’d wi’f me! We ha’b sam’widge an’ ca’ge!” Jawn wiggled and made grabby hands at Sherlock who obediently sat next to him, putting his head down on the table.
Both Jawn and Mycroft watched as the cardboard toy bin started to wiggle. The corner of Mycroft’s mouth ticked up. “It’s a shame there’s no one else here to share them with, isn’t it?” he said to no one in particular, gaze focused on the wiggling box. “What should we do with the rest of them? Throw them to the birds? Eat them ourselves?”
…and instantly had his arms full of whining baby clinging to his waist. “Nooooo,” Mycroft said, prying his baby brother off of him. “No, Jawn is doing his job and cleaning up his mess; you need to do the same.” He worked Sherlock loose and turned him towards the counter; “Look, there’s not even very much. Wipe this part of the counter clean, and you’re done.”
"It's a little early, but I think you should take some more medicine," Mycroft said, studying the label.
“Yes, I see.” Mycroft pulled several wind up fish out of the bucket and offered them to Jawn. “Would you prefer these instead?”
Greg kept rubbing and patting, and rubbing and patting, and rubbing and patting until finally, Sherlock's breathing grew slow and shallow, and Greg could feel him turn to dead weight. "Christ," he muttered. "You're right. He's not going to let him go."
"You two are on a fast track to diabetes," Mycroft wagged a finger at them, and then turned back to Molly. "So, will you join us?"
Sherlock closed his eyes again, and felt his headache pulsating at the backs of his eyelids. That's right; he had been at his brother's for the last 32 hours. He had been little for just as long.
John opened his mouth to argue, defend himself, but Greg's face visibly darkened and he snapped his mouth closed.
"Here we are," Greg said, pulling out the soft, grey and white romper-style onesie. "Could I convince you to wear some socks, too?"
"Nonsense. And rest assured that lunch is hardly the posh affair you're expecting," Mycroft smiled at Molly, who was trying to discreetly pick at the cat hairs on her jumper.
Sherlock huffed a laugh and wrapped long arms around his little friend; even when he was being mean, Jawn always tried to help him.
Sherlock slowly sat up on his knees; "You c'n p-p'yay wi'ff m-ines,' he sniffled, rubbing the back of his hand across his eyes.
"'There are no more tea roses in the entire field,' the fairy said sadly, her anger finally slipping."
“No. Your job now is to go clean up all the water from off the floor, rinse the bubbles out of the tub, and to bring all the sippy-cups into the kitchen.”
“The mattress isn’t really the issue.” Sherlock grumbled around the thumb that had made its way into his mouth.
“Not yet, he’s not.” Mycroft swatted a bare, wet leg, causing a yelp, then tore both sides of Jawn’s nappy open and let it drop to the floor. “Oh, God,” he groaned, looking away.
Mycroft rooted through the toys and half empty tubes of nappy creme until he came up with two dummies. “You two need to hunt all of these down and put them in a basket someplace safe.”
"We'll be having Greg potatoes for dinner. Would you like him smashed with butter or fried up as chips?"
"You still need a fresh nappy though, Sherlock; I can smell that you're wet from here. You don't want a rash on your bits..." Greg urged the baby up the steps, and caught Mycroft's attention as they passed him. "It's okay," he mouthed.
"How about some pizza? We have pepperoni and cheese." Greg caught his wrist and pulled his slobber covered hand away from the rest of the food
! against Jawn’s backside, eliciting a howl from him. Mycroft paused for a moment and shook out his hand; after two spankings and an uncountable numbers of random swats, he was feeling as much as Jawn and Sherlock were.
Mycroft sighed; “I’m sorry. I was wrong to say such a thing, and you’ve shown a hundred times over that that isn’t true.” Mycroft left off patting Sherlock to rub Jawn’s back. “Jawn is very clever, as well as brave.”
Well, sort of used to this. “Yes, good boy. Can you, very carefully, get big brother a glass for water?”
When he realized that Mycroft wasn't about to let on any further, he sneered. "...I bet my copy of the Little Mermaid is in there, too," he muttered, and finally took a begrudging sip.
“Yes, of course. Good boys earn rewards.” Mycroft ran an affectionate hand through Jawn’s short hair. “Can you show me the ‘prize bucket’?”
"Go inside, both of you!" Sherlock spat, startling them both. The other men gaped at him, wide-eyed...obviously, he was no longer in headspace. "I'll finish looking out here myself, since you're the two idiots that lost him in the first place!"
Mycroft held up a hand to shush his boyfriend, while he watched his little brother for a reaction; "...Sherlock?"
Mycroft rolled his eyes; there was no predicting these two. No rhyme nor reason, no method to the madness. “Not so hard, Jawn,” he said, and went to retrieve their cups. He’d have to try asking later, when one or the other aged up a bit.
Holding firmly to his little brother’s arm, Mycroft placed their order with the disinterested teenager behind the counter.
“Do you lose all your motor skills when you’re this tiny? Is this a common occurrence?” Mycroft sighed wearily, even as he stuck a bite of pasta from Sherlock’s plate and popped it into his little brother’s waiting mouth.
poster represented just a nice manly interest in the American Wild West. He’d gotten buffalo-themed Christmas presents for years.
Sherlock glanced up when John walked in and then stood quickly enough to send his chair skidding. “Tell me.”
John opened his own trousers, fumbling, and then they were pressed together again with John’s hand wrapped around them both and Sherlock wanted to say something, wanted to groan out his pleasure, but he seemed capable only of a desperate whimpering. John was breathing hard, fingers digging into Sherlock’s back. “Have you—we’re going to want---
“Thank you,” Sherlock managed, allowing himself to be steered to the sofa. “A glass of wine, please.”
“Not the schools. They were one of the few reforms that were almost universally popular, and if they were to close anywhere, it wouldn’t be Blastburn.”
Sherlock wiped the grease off his fingers, made a cup of tea, and set to work. Generally speaking his hacking skills were no better than average, but he was quite knacky at getting around the various privacy settings in Facebook—it was a useful skill for a detective. Stephanie Poletti’s page posed no challenge; her family had never tried to take it down, although a number of other pages had been set up, including a fundraiser and a memorial page for her students to write on.  It took Sherlock only about half an hour to find what he was looking for.
“Sherlock!” Mary swooped down and gave him a swift kiss on his cheek before maneuvering her increased bulk into the chair opposite. “So sorry I’m late, that place never runs on time. Did you already order?”
“Haven’t heard yet. But no one from the Church has shown up to revoke my residency, so I suppose it didn’t offend anyone at any rate.”
a reaction. Look at this equation here—it balances out, do you understand? It would work better with a really large accelerator but still—“
“Reading group?” The lip curled up fully now. “What d’you lot need with a reading group? Don’t hold with reading for omegas. Clutters up the mind, distracts you from your duties.”
“Thanks.” She tilted her head appraisingly at the corpse and nodded back at John. “Rebecca MacLaren, call me Becks. My brother, Bruce.”
There was a moment’s startled silence in which John covered his eyes with his hand, praying that Sherlock had remembered to swipe Lestrade’s phone before he decided to overshare.
“None at all.” There was a clanging of metal and the back of the wagon opened. “Come on out, you lot. Horse thieves,” the wagon guard said to the man who had come out to meet them.
“Oi!” John said, but Sherlock was already darting back to Mr. Brooke, who was put a firm hand on his shoulder and steered him out of the room.
“Yes, we know, dear,” Mummy said distractedly. “Sherlock, I know the chemistry thing is a great honor, but family first. And that’s that.”
Lestrade picked up his drink and drained it in one go. Then he shoved Sherlock’s toward him. “Drink up,” he said cheerfully. “Your round next, and we need to be a lot more drunk for this conversation.”
“We will,” John agreed. He hesitated and then gave in and stroked Sherlock’s silky hair, wrapping his arms around him. He could feel Sherlock’s bony chest laboring to breathe: short struggling inhale, long wheezing exhale. Sherlock shifted a little, making himself comfortable. John hoped he would fall asleep like this, so he would have had John with him for Christmas at least, before John needed to go back and check the other patients.
Donovan folded her arms. “Oh, Afghanistan killed him, all right. He just didn’t die there. He came back all messed up. Couldn’t sleep, couldn’t concentrate, always angry…maybe if Holly hadn’t chucked him already, if he’d had his family to go home to, but he’d nothing. Couldn’t keep a job even before the drugs.” She grimaced, looking away. “They had shared custody at first. But he went to pick up Maya one weekend and he was so high he couldn’t even find the right flat. Holly called the police, and after that he couldn’t even see his own kid unless it was at my mum’s. He tried to get clean, but he couldn’t do it on his own, and then he tried to get into rehab but the wait lists were too long. He died on that wait list. Overdosed. My mum found him; she was never the same after that, had a stroke six months later.” She looked Sherlock full in the face again. “I want to believe it was an accident. He didn’t leave a note or anything. But he’d said to me, before, that he should have died over there, cause he wasn’t any use as a dad anyway and at least that way Maya’d have the memory of him being a hero. And that was
“That’s a relief,” John said, laughing. The laugh warmed Sherlock in a way that had nothing to do with the fire. “Completely understandable.
“John then. Call me Simon. As I was about to say, I was delighted to have the opportunity to meet you at last. I’ve been a fan of your blog for years—I was one of the earliest readers, I imagine, I found it looking for other soldiers. I’d just come back a year or so earlier myself. RAF chaplain.”
Lestrade handed over the phone and picked up the box again, joined by Donovan, and Sherlock snapped the picture: Lestrade looking bemused, Donovan thoroughly put out. “Could you text that to John?” he asked as quietly as he could, handing it over, although he knew Donovan would certainly overhear him.
“Okay,” John said, staring at the wicker basket. Maybe Sherlock thought he would be bored on the road?
John clenched his jaw but stayed quiet. They were all motionless, staring tensely at the screen, where a small knot of icons moved slowly, then quickly, then went still. If John were there he could have helped, could have taken care of this Neptune so that the others could get on with
“No need. Looks like the tendon, you’re doing the right thing.” Gregson’s face was as dark as John had ever seen it. “Fool probably pulled her up jumping. Too bad he didn’t go over her head...how did it happen he was on Circe anyway?”
“Why go to so much trouble?” Sherlock was still frowning at the now-silent screen. “Why try so hard to hang onto him? I meant what I said—he
John smiled down at him and dipped his fingers in the cup of water, bringing them to brush gently at Sherlock’s lips. Sherlock opened his mouth, letting the water fall in, and John repeated the action over and over, until Sherlock’s eyes drifted closed without leaving John’s face, and he grew slack in John’s arms.
taking care of him. I’m a caretaker, always have been; it worried him in the beginning, he thought I only had feelings for him because of that. Back when we lived together I was a bit of an enabler, really. I mean, here was this magnificent, brilliant man, and he needed me—it was a rush, especially the way I was back then. Between me and Mrs. Hudson we had ourselves convinced he couldn’t last a day on his own.  Which was ridiculous, obviously. And now—I couldn’t be happier he’s doing so much better mentally, I
John saw his broken, unrecognizably polite best friend into a cab and then returned to the kitchen, where he just leaned his hands on the table, staring into space. He heard Mary’s soft footsteps in the hall, but didn’t turn around. He was suddenly terrified his wife would say the wrong thing. God knew there was no right thing, but he was so on edge just now, the evidence of all Sherlock had sacrificed for them so raw and evident…he didn’t know how he would react.
John had never thought he could long for Bart’s cabbagey soup, but he was very hungry and the sounds of eating--louder than usual in the silent hall--were torture. He watched his feet to avoid having to see the food and surreptitiously shifted his weight to ease the ache in his backside, glancing up every now and again to the crawling hands of the clock on the wall. At least it would be over soon and he could join Mike to moan over their sore bums and distract themselves with studying.
The luncheon at John and Mary’s afterwards was not too awful. Janine’s new boyfriend seemed terrified of him, which was pleasant, and Archie the former ring bearer found Sherlock’s new appearance a great improvement. “You look like Mad-Eye Moody,” he told Sherlock.
Sherlock stood and slipped silently back up to his own hallway. He stayed at the top of the staircase, listening, but he was too far away now to make out anything. What if someone came up the stairs? That had actually happened to Molly once, when she had been staying at Adler’s country house in the autumn: a house guest at a weekend party blundering into her room. Sherlock did not want to have to find a way to explain fighting off a drunken alpha. It might begin to look like a pattern. Well, he wasn’t going to get any more out of listening to this lot anyway, so he might as well go back to his room and watch everyone leave.
brother, Sherlock noted. “What is he, four years younger than me? My old dad’s more fun than he is.”
John hadn’t thought he would sleep and he didn’t, not properly, but somehow his churning mind slid into a dark dream where he stood on a pavement and looked up at Sherlock high on the roof above. This was what would have happened if Moriarty’s plan as succeeded, he realized, at the exact moment that Sherlock said to him, “Goodbye, John,” and toppled off, coat spreading around him like useless wings.
“Yes,” Sherlock said quietly. “I didn’t—I didn’t want you to see it, but I want you to know everything there is to know, no more secrets. I did crop it though. I thought it might help.”
John came out, carrying two mugs, and placed one next to Sherlock before taking his own seat. He regarded Sherlock over the lip of his cup. “It’s okay,” he said finally. “I know it’s hard to come home. Been here before, remember? I know how you feel.”
“About so tall, very slim, fair with blue eyes. She is not curvy but has lovely features and even teeth, and she smiles with the confidence of a woman who knows every man’s attention is hers, do you understand what I mean?”
Sherlock cried out and jerked and John held him tightly, soothing, “Shh, shh,” as he slowed his hand and gentled Sherlock through his release, never taking his eyes from his face. Gradually Sherlock’s tremors slowed and he went limp and content, nuzzling into John’s neck as John rutted languidly at his back.
Sherlock pulled his bony knees up and rested his chin on them to stare at the pay phone mounted opposite in the tiny wooden cubicle. His head was aching, and he’d felt distinctly woozy whilst he was on the phone. He had not eaten either his breakfast or lunch, as both had been nasty, but perhaps some dinner might not be a bad idea. At least some bread or pudding.
Gregson and Lestrade broke into huge identical grins. “Morty Tregennis,” Gregson breathed and Lestrade said, “That little weasel, I
Mycoft’s eyes softened. “Of course,” he said. “I have a great many claims upon my attention, as I am sure you can imagine, but of course my brother takes precedence over all else, and I would not feel at all easy in my mind if I did not know that you would be with him, and would send for me immediately if the need arose.”
Even in the candlelight, the color rising in Sherlock’s cheeks was clearly visible. He looked down, biting his lip again, but then he broke into a brilliant smile. “Yes,” he admitted.
“Dr. Madden is in a meeting,” the cheerful receptionist chirped, when they had finally managed to locate the cardiology department, which was miles from the cardiology clinic.
. But the more he looked at this guy, the more convinced she got that he was actually innocent. Turns out practically nobody thought the guy did it, including the wife’s family. All the evidence was circumstantial—he’d had an affair a couple of years back and the other woman was back in town sending emails, so the prosecution made out that he’d wanted to get out of the marriage, didn’t want the kid, but didn’t want a divorce because the wife had serious money. But even the ex-mistress said there’d been nothing between them.”
John slid down a little and took Sherlock’s hands, kissing the thin skin at the inside of his wrists tenderly, and then stretching them up over his head. “Hands on the railing. Don’t move them until I say,” he instructed, then reached for the salve.
The man spoke perfect English, but there was a liquidity about the R’s that made her think he was Asian. “I might be,” she said cautiously. “What kind of terms?”
“Just round to the shops, yeah.”  Mary took Em out in the pram most days; she said she got cabin fever otherwise.
The conversation broke up into smaller groups and John turned, thinking to extricate Sherlock before he lost interest in behaving himself. He found himself blocked by Moran, who was leaning toward Sherlock and saying, “You were pulling your punches, weren’t you.”
“I will.” There was a muffled exchange--Simon Fallows taking the phone away to ask Sherlock if he wanted to talk to John, maybe—and then his voice returned: “I’ll make certain the hospital has your number, all right? We’re going to go now.”
“Good morning,” Sherlock said brightly. “I’ve had Cook pack us a luncheon today, so we needn’t wait for Mrs. Gregson, and I’ve some breakfast for you as well.”
Sherlock made a show of looking over the offerings as the hard man watched him impassively before straightening. “I don’t suppose you’ve got anything else in the back? I quite fancy a raspberry tart.”
So, John wasn’t straight. And John wanted Sherlock--wanted him with a burning intensity he hadn’t even thought possible, except for perhaps Henry the Eighth. So they couldn’t carry on as they had been, because John knew very well that if he got his hands on Sherlock’s arse again with Sherlock spreading his legs begging for it, John wouldn’t be able to hold back. And they couldn’t go back to the way they had been before either, because John
“Oh,” John said. He was not sure why Sherlock seemed to find this concerning. “Well, he wasn’t exactly doing a bang-up job, was he? Maybe the new bloke--”
John rolled his eyes. As he sank gratefully into an empty cot in the orderlies’ dormitory, though, he thought sleepily that Sherlock had a point. He and Irene were both improving in spite of their late nights; it was only a matter of time before Irene was sent to the women’s ward, and Sherlock returned to the school.
“Mmm….probably not. Tell you what, go to the chemist or whatever they have there and get some of those strips, you remember, the sort you had when you came home from hospital? Check those a few times. If you see any blood or protein, come back to civilization and ring me.”
John had picked up the weekend care centre coverage when he took the new job—it had kept the weekends from dragging at any rate. The irony was that for once in his life he didn’t need the money. He had plenty from Mary’s life insurance and the sale of the house, and Mrs. Hudson wouldn’t let him pay any rent since Mycroft was still covering the whole thing. (He’d tried to bring this up once with Mycroft, who merely said “Don’t be absurd” and changed the subject.) Now, however, he wanted his weekends free to visit Sherlock.
Sherlock glanced up, more from her tone that from the words themselves. They were having tea in the tiny garden set aside for handmaidens at the bakeshop; it was the first truly fine day of the year, and the Veilgarden was bustling. They had been buying supplies for their classes earlier and stopped off for a bit of refreshment. Sherlock knew they had both been thinking of Henry, though neither had mentioned him.
For a brief moment Sherlock froze, then dashed back to the bathroom to brush his teeth. Were there bits of nut in his teeth? He couldn’t see anything in his teeth. Maybe he should have worn the black shirt? Sherlock stared at himself another moment, indecisive, then thought of John saying
Emily and Rupinder were smiling up at him encouragingly, but it was Jonathan who saved him. Sherlock heard him sigh loudly and glanced over to see Jonathan give him an exasperated look that clearly conveyed
John washed and dressed and went downstairs, where he found Sherlock and the old man in the kitchen. Sherlock’s tablecloth map was spread over the table and they appeared to be comparing it with a contraband old road atlas. Sherlock glanced up and John was struck all over again by the sheer unaccustomed force of his physical beauty: his unworldly blue eyes and the sculpted planes of his face.
Before I wrote anything long enough for it to happen to me, I used to roll my eyes every time writers complained about characters not doing what they wanted them to. Well, I am here to tell you, my friends: IT’s TRUE. I liked John better when I was writing him in TGBYF too, but Permanently Angry S3 John stomped right out of this fic shouting, “I’m over this! I have a life, I don’t believe he’s really going to stop, and I care too much to watch him destroy himself!” while I cowered behind the laptop. It was all I could do to drag PAS3J back next chapter, against his better judgment. (But he came around by the end of the story, never fear.)
The hard man turned without a word and disappeared. Sherlock waited, trying not to fidget; the man surely was in on it somehow, whatever it was, but he was not acknowledging Sherlock by the slightest flicker of an eyelash. The man came back and handed over a white string-tied box. “Wouldn’t eat too much of that,” the man said. “Bit rich for omegas.”
Mrs. Reilly sighed again, making her displeasure at retelling her story as blatant as possible. “I’ve already told the Inspector. He said it was time Brother Hosea got out of bed, that he should bathe and get dressed, and he gave me some pills for his nerves. The doctor even said he could have a drop of spirits if he’d a mind, just for the moment, you understand. Well, that cheered him up. It was late afternoon when the doctor left so he had to wait to have his bath until after dinner, but directly we’d done the washing up Alison went to draw it.”
“Oh,” John said. He rubbed Sherlock’s hand tentatively with his thumb. Then, emboldened by the fact that Sherlock had brought up the matter—however obliquely—he summoned up his courage and said, “Sherlock? Why won’t you have the surgery?’
“I’m sorry that she’s gone,” Sherlock said. “And I’m sorry I never knew her. She sounds magnificent.”
John found himself biting back a smile. His former wife’s moral code, like Sherlock’s, was highly specific: she wouldn’t have saved the man who tried to double-cross her, but she would have shot him in the head rather than let him suffer a lingering death.
Even a glimpse of the stars in the east could not cheer John from his gloom as he climbed to his loft. So it would be clear tomorrow, so what? Another dull day. He tucked himself into his bed and thought again
There was a scraping noise as Simon got to his feet and John realized the gurgling noise had ceased. Garrison must be dead. John hated the man for what he had done to them, but now that he was no longer a threat he realized he also felt pity: for a life so empty, nothing in it but vengeance and greed.
John had a split second of astonishment that Sherlock had been right--there was an incredible amount of soap--before he sucked in enough air to gasp, “Pip.”
John sat, and sat, and sat. The door opened again and another boy came in, this one a little younger than John, with a round face and spectacles. He looked dazed. He sat down opposite the younger boy who stopped his rocking long enough to ask in a quick whisper, “Did you see Jimmy? My brother Jimmy?”
“I suppose,” Sherlock said slowly. His mind had snagged on the image of a boy frozen, slowly sinking in a pool. He brought himself back to the conversation quickly, filing the thought away for later. “My mother was a mathematician,” he said. “She gave it up when Mycroft was born though.”
Aronsen and McGinty were waiting for them in the visitor’s area. When they’d shaken hands Michael said, “I’ve been thinking—it might be best if I go in first, make the introductions and get the personal stuff out of the way, and then I’ll head on out and let you all get to work.”
John cracked an eyelid and looked down at himself. He saw the sticky mess on his abdomen and reached for the hankie she handed him. It belatedly occurred to him that he was probably expected to say something respectful and affectionate here, or at least something more than a grunt. He looked over at Callie a little helplessly.
“So what are you working on now?” John asked. He was in the kitchen putting away the shopping. It had transpired over tea that Sherlock had given no thought to their dinner, so they had gone to the village’s tiny shop and bought ingredients for what John called “my famous spag bol” and Sherlock called “the thing with the sauce”.
“Well,” she said when they’d finished having a laugh, “It’s been lovely talking to you, but I know it’s the middle of the night for you. I’d best let you get back to bed.”
The sergeant scratched at his whiskers, considering. “No rule against it as I know of,” he said. “Have to charge you for the paper and postage, mind.”
harbor an attraction stronger than friendship. He may as well admit the truth to himself: he wanted Sherlock, was rock hard and desperate thinking about Sherlock, was, in fact, head over heels in love with Sherlock. Who not only had never shown any interest in him, but was at this very moment with another man. John threw his arm over his eyes as though this could block the thought from his brain and considered his aching erection. Could wanking to the thought of Sherlock’s long white neck possibly make him more pathetic than he already was? Because maybe then he could at least get some sleep. Pathetic or not, he knew perfectly well he was going to do it, he thought morosely, so he might as well get on with it before Sherlock turned up and deduced everything.
John laid his hand gently on his back. Sherlock had both hands clenched in his hair, bent double. “Sherlock, listen to me. He would have died in any case. I saw the other men, Sherlock, they were dead, it looked as though they were shot. They killed all the men. Billy was as tall as I am now, they would have killed him anyway.” He had had plenty of time to think about this. Likely as not it was true, and if not no harm would come of Sherlock believing it for now.
John made tea and took stock. The refrigerator was empty, his laundry hamper was full, and the toilet and shower were approaching a really horrific state—Mrs. Hudson drew the line at cleaning their bathroom, for which John could hardly blame her. Time to get the place fit for human habitation again. He could hardly try to sell Sherlock on bringing a date home in this state—any woman with a drop of sense would take one look at the place and flee. Or man, John amended open-mindedly. Well, actually, maybe not. They were both still here, after all.
“I need you to give me the address. I’m not leaving him there, not knowing what I know now, not after what I saw—“
He saw the punch coming this time but didn’t bother trying to dodge it; he was just high enough to feel invincible. He laughed again, swallowing blood and mouthwash, and John looked him straight in the eye.
“It’s ever so exciting,” she said, eyes shining at the attention. “I’ve heard it all from Elsie the chambermaid. One of the young men, Mr. Adair, had planned to play at cards last night. He put a sum of money into a purse, meaning only to play until he had depleted those funds, but then he forgot the purse in his room. He decided providence meant for him to be prudent and to spend the evening in the music-room instead. Just as he went to bed, he noticed that the purse was gone from his dressing-table, but supposed that his valet had put it away for safekeeping. This morning, he learned that his valet had done no such thing--the purse was gone when he came to prepare Mr. Adair for bed. There was a great fuss, and suspicion fell on Mr. Anderson, for it was said he was seen leaving the room looking very furtive whilst all the guests were at dinner. Mr. Anderson is known to be a bit of a sourpuss and not very popular, so none came to his defense save…”
When he woke the room was dark and Sherlock was plucking something, a melancholy fall of notes that repeated over and over like a music box, hypnotic and oddly sweet. “That’s pretty,” John said, smiling. He opened his eyes and blinked. “It’s really dark. How long did I sleep?”
John peered at the pastry. It did have almonds. “Hell. I was on the phone. Fine, you have it.” He went back to the counter. When he returned, a thin young woman with tattoos snaking up both arms was berating Sherlock about the sputtering noise in her pipes.
Okay. Keep it intact, we’ll be over in a bit.” He disconnected and ran a hand over his face. “Shit.”
“Small chance of that,” Sherlock said more acidly than he intended. He quickly schooled his face back to haughty scorn. “Where are they? You haven’t sold them, the previous detective was at least able to determine that much. In any case you don’t need money, you’ve ample allowances and none of you has a drug habit or credit card debt.”
“Not just yet,” her boss said, that low feral gleam still in his eye. “I’ll do it when I’m finished.”
“No, but I’m not as good at spotting him as you are,” John said. He balanced Lily on his hip and made a wide-mouthed face at her, trying to get her to open up and show him the tooth. Mary had made Sherlock right off the bat, of course—she wouldn’t have lasted long in her former life if she hadn’t been able to spot a tail, particularly an amateur like Sherlock—and they’d talked to Mycroft. Mycroft had obliquely explained that Sherlock had developed something of a fixation with the Watsons' safety and offered to “take steps” if his presence became troublesome. That was the last thing either of them wanted, so they just covertly kept an eye on him.
when Sherlock took a prim sip of his wine—God, he was half under the table already, he was such a lightweight—and said, “I’m certainly more a maid than Janine,” and Mary thumped her head right down on the table, laughing too hard to even breathe.
searched the flat,” Anderson said, in the nasal whine that always got worse when he was being upstaged by the world’s only consulting detective.
“Oh, it’s not uncommon for the younger ones or those who lack funds. I don’t think I’ll want a valet. How hard is it to shave oneself and do up one’s own cuffs, anyway? And any manservant can polish shoes. The Colonel though, he doesn’t have a valet but he used to--he’s come down a bit in the world, so he likes to order Anderson around when he gets the chance. I hear he’d have nothing if not for what he wins at cards. I’ve been spying the past few nights but if he’s cheating, I can’t make out how.”
John pulled out his phone and had just hit the speed dial for Lestrade when a sudden BANG made him look up. A very thin ginger-haired boy came barreling out the basement door and into the alley, a wailing infant held straight out in front of him like a battering ram. He shoved the baby at Sherlock and said, “I know you’re with the police. Take it. It makes
“No, of course not,” Molly said quickly. She might be brilliant but she was also at heart deeply kind. “We’d have to take turns with the books but I’m sure he would. It’s part of the Hippocratic Oath, you know, to teach those who wish to learn the art of healing.”
“Yes.” She leaned back and took another sip of her wine. “So. I’m well aware I still owe you a favor. As we’ve established you didn’t ring me under duress to hand me over to some old enemy, and since you’ve managed to withstand the temptation to join me for dinner for some years now, I assume you’re here to collect.”
Hmmm. John supposed he could see that. He also thought he could overcome it, but that was for another day. “Last night, you liked that all right, didn’t you? Can I do that?”
The shepherd scrambled over to the wall of the cave and returned with a jar of oil, which he tipped onto his cupped palm. “Lie back,” he said and then his warm slick hand slid over where the prince was most sensitive and the prince felt his eyes roll back into his head. He was afraid for a moment he might spill right then, but the shepherd moved lower, stroking and coaxing, and the prince followed his lead.
Sherlock stared at the boxes a long time. He finished his drink. But it was hopeless: he had no idea what to do with these feelings, he had never known, and the only person who had ever helped him was not there. In the end he took them all back to the lead-lined vault and locked them away.
“You’re fine,” she said, reading his thoughts again. “No one else has noticed; you won’t start attracting attention for a few hours yet.” She studied him for a minute, her expression unreadable. “You could have a beta take you to Skye, you know. It would be safer.”
“All right, that’s enough.” Lestrade hefted the box with a sigh. “Come on, Sergeant, the sooner we get this back the sooner we can go home.”
“Yes, but the staff are mostly gone for the holidays. Although I could certainly pick a lock, but they might have turned off the heat to the guest rooms.” Sherlock pulled at his too-long hair again, making himself look like a tragic Regency hero, to John’s amusement. “You can take my bed. I don’t sleep much anyway, and I can always sleep on the sofa. I’m told it folds out into a bed, though I’ve never tested it.”
“That was the idea,” Sherlock gasped, somehow still managing to sound haughty even with his face smashed into the table.
“Well, but,” Sherlock said, rallying, “even if I did decide to—to expand my data set, how am I supposed to go about it? Prostitutes? Match.com?”
“Oh, aye!” The man shook John’s hand. “We thought you’d wire ahead—we’d have sent a gig for you to the station.”
Rouncewell took a long breath and blew it out. “I was a soldier,” he said. “Twenty years in her Majesty’s army, a sergeant, I was. Would have laid down my life for Queen and country. But the day I was sent to Manchester to put down the uprising was the day I knew I was done. To draw arms on our own people, some of them women and children, asking only enough of a decent wage to keep body and soul together...the Earl gave me a place when I left. And now all this. A revolution? Maybe there really was a plan to overthrow the government, and maybe it was just a bunch of starving men armed only with knives and pitchforks. We’ll never know, will we, since they were all shot down? Not a one of them survived to stand trial.” He spat on the grass. “Bad business,” he said again.
“All right, fine. Stay here by yourself. Oh, there’s Eglantyne. I suppose they’ll be having the christening soon now that Lent’s over, won’t they? And then she’ll be off.”
“Mr. Posey’s had a letter,” Teddy remarked. “The new headmaster’s coming in a few weeks, at the end of July.”
John did not witness the Wilkes’s arrival, being out in the woods with Sherlock, who was even more reluctant than usual to return. He heard plenty from Young Tom, who had been the unlucky groom sent with Mr. Gregson to fetch them from the station. After everything he heard he half wanted to see the infamous Sebastian for himself--he expected to see him sprouting horns and a tail. As it happened, however, Sherlock turned up in the stables next morning so early that the grooms were only just begun on their morning chores.
Sherlock took a drink, considered, and drank again. “It’s an abomination, but not terrible,” he said grudgingly, and drank some more.
And then Moran’s other hand slid slickly over his hard cock and suddenly Sherlock’s lungs found air. His body jolted with pleasure and Moran stroked him again, lazily, before sliding his hand around and into the cleft of his arse. Sherlock spread his legs and Moran let go of his neck to grip his hip hard, holding him in place as one thick finger slid inside. Sherlock groaned. Moran was quick and efficient, opening Sherlock with inexorable fingers. When he finally took hold of Sherlock’s hips with both hands and pushed in, Sherlock had to scrabble for purchase against the wall, trying to brace most of his weight on his arms as Moran held his hips in place and thrust hard. Moran was big, and thick, and ruthless, and the sensation—coupled with the persistent sense of being on the verge of falling—was so overwhelming that Sherlock’s vision sparkled and blurred. He was dimly aware of Moran snapping into him, again, again,
“Er—“ John realized he had no idea of Owen’s rank or even if he were actually in the military at all. “It’s, ah, John Watson, from last night?”
“Lord Mycroft,” repeated John in confusion, while Lord Sherlock said crossly, “What was Mycroft doing here?”
“No, this is a good one, there’s so much yet to do. Tomorrow night we’re going to pretend it’s your first time giving oral sex and I’m going to come
John pulled back to take Sherlock’s face in his own hands. He could see himself in Sherlock’s huge pupils, his wide dazed eyes. “In German,” he whispered, kissing him. “Tell me in German.”
Rounding a curve, he saw ahead a scattering of lights: a village, probably. Sherlock hesitated, but there was nothing around him but empty countryside; maybe he could find a garden shed or garage, and surely the village was too tiny to have a checkpoint. He kept going. The wall to his right became taller and better kept. After a bit he came to an opening and a small brass sign set in the wall reading “THE SHRUBBERY”.
But strangely, he couldn’t seem to make himself focus on Moriarty. Moreover, he had a strong feeling that he shouldn’t. Sherlock had never put much stock in instinct—just a name the ignorant gave to conclusions drawn from data they had seen but were too lazy to consciously process—but he could think of no other explanation for this conviction, the realization that had come when he stood a hair’s breadth from death tonight: John Watson mattered more than anything in the world.
John grinned, pleased with himself, and pulled his fingers out so he could roll Sherlock onto his back. Anyone else would have missed his slight stiffening, but even before they had become intimate John had been able to read Sherlock as no one else could. “No—this is hurting you,” he said, kneeling up in concern.
“Doesn’t matter this time, Beerman is still going down,” Aronsen said. “The firm is connected too—yes, hello, I’m still here. Thank you…Senator, good afternoon.” She raised her eyebrows in an I-told-you-so gesture at McGinty and turned back in her seat. “You won’t remember but we met at the partner’s dinner last year…oh, thank you, you’re very kind. Yes. Yes, it’s true. The DA will be giving a press conference tomorrow. Yes. Absolutely. You too.” She disconnected. “The word’s going out now; after the press conference tomorrow every politician in the state will be denouncing Beerman, saying he should drop out.”
Sherlock closed his eyes, set the timer in his head to an hour, and began organizing the new material he had read that day into his mind palace. He had finished the Jack the Ripper book and started on
Michael slid his hand around again to the front of Sherlock’s trousers and whispered, “Okay if I take these off?”
John was there. He took his hand and said gently, “If you don’t know what you’re feeling right now, that’s okay. I think maybe a lot of people wouldn’t. You might feel a lot of different things, and that’s okay too. They might not be what I feel, or that you think you
Sherlock glared at him, and Dimmock said hurriedly, “That’s Emma right enough, and that one there is the brother, he’s two. He’s still here, he was watching cartoons. Apparently Emma naps out here when the weather’s fine.”
“I can read and write,” John said as the same moment Michael Stamford said “Had a year at the grammar, sir.”
An hour later, John lay rigid in bed, every ears straining to catch the slightest sound. His jaw was beginning to ache where he had been clenching it. How long had they been waiting? It had to have been hours now, maybe the clock was broken…
Extraditing. Mary would be arrested. She would be—would there even be a trial, or would it be some sort of secret tribunal, in America? Would John be able to visit her in prison? Em—oh God, it would kill Mary, to have her daughter grow up without her, and how would John manage, on his own with a small child and a wife in prison half a world away…
“I’ll pass. Wait a minute.” Lestrade set down his pint. “So that means—have you been a clean a whole month?”
Simon had set his torch on the floor near the stairs and now he seemed to be kneeling on the floor. John could hear the low continuous cadence of his voice. The rain slackened, and John could make out the words: some kind of prayer. John breathed in, breathed out, considered praying himself, couldn’t quite think of anything besides Sherlock.
Cool water, faintly flavored with lemon. John took a little in his mouth and, when he did not immediately retch, let it swish around. He was suddenly thirsty, but he spat obediently and then asked hoarsely, “May I drink a little?”
“So,” John said lightly, suddenly realized he had just been sitting there in silence. “Done that a lot, have you?”
In the cold early morning John woke with a start of panic before he realized that Sherlock was sitting on the floor, head resting against the cot.
“Kept in. I got in trouble,” Sherlock lied easily. Well, it had certainly been true in the past, and he hadn’t specifically said he’d gotten in trouble yesterday. “I got here early today though.”
Something clicked in Sherlock’s mind, pieces that had seemed only mildly incongruous at the time suddenly fitting together. “Your brother,” he said. “He didn’t die in Afghanistan, did he.”
John had no warning other than the swishing of the stick through the air before it struck him hard on the backside. He barely had time to tense, bracing his knees, before the next blow landed. He set his jaw, closed his eyes, and counted: six strikes, not too bad, but the stick was swung with force and it hurt fiercely. John been thrashed plenty of times as a boy, first by his father and later by the groom in charge of the stableboys at Willoughby Chase, and he he knew how to take a beating; but he saw at once that Mike did not. Grammar school must be a tender place, John thought, glancing at Mike’s screwed-up red face out of the corner of his eye.
Watson stood stock still for about half a second before his hand closed on the back of Sherlock’s cowl and pulled him in and Sherlock melted, his longer body somehow folding into the captain’s hard compact one. Watson smelled perfect, soap and wool and leather and alpha musk, and his mouth had been cool and minty but now it was hot and firm and powerful but Sherlock gave as good as he got, tongue sliding along Watson’s lower lip. Watson made a sound between a growl and a groan and pushed Sherlock up against the wall, and Sherlock gripped the back of his uniform and crushed them together. He felt frantic for contact, as though he had been lost in the desert for days and Watson were a cold glass of water.
Sherlock stopped looking expectant and burst into giggles. John realized what he had just said and was just beginning to grin too when Sherlock abruptly pounced on him, shouting, “Sherlock licks John!” and licking a broad stripe up his neck. They tussled, rolling around in the grass and trying to lick at any exposed skin they could reach, breathless from laughing.
“I want to look at the case files,” Sherlock said. “Will I have to stay here or can I take copies to the hotel?”
John pulled out a phone and handed it to him. “Pick Lestrade’s pocket and swap this for his phone. Sometime between the first and second drink would be best.”
“No, John, I’m not. I’m mixing it with serum. I am using my own blood though, since Molly won’t give me any of hers.” There was an indignant squawk in the background. “She did consent to draw it for me,” Sherlock added fairly.
Sherlock was pushing against the glass in an effort to seat John even deeper. “I’m the lock,” he said, “and you’re the key that’s opened me.”
“I’m a bit under the weather,” John told him. “Spring cold, I suppose. Thought it’d be best if I stay back today, so you go on in my place.”
“This is the best day of my life,” Sherlock said solemnly. He slid off the bed and carried the envelope to where his coat hung on a peg, tucking it carefully into a pocket. Then he took a flying leap at the bed. “Now let’s get under the covers! My feet are freezing!”
“I don’t think I was thinking very clearly,” Sherlock admitted. He was frowning. “But I could see the break in the masonry where I knew he would jump on the wall. I just didn’t realize he would come so close to me.” He closed his eyes as though in pain. “I told you to run!”
Even John could tell that Kitty Reilly had moved up in the world. Her suit was of a better quality that the one she had worn previously, and her hair was now a becoming chestnut shade.  “We weren’t sure you’d be willing to meet with us,” John told her as he led the way up the stairs.
John was having a slow afternoon. The November day had turned wet and dreary, and apparently half his patients had decided they would prefer to nurse their ailments at home by the fire than seek succor from the NHS. He was just pulling up the hourly weather forecast to see whether he might prefer to leave his bike in the mailroom and catch a ride home with Mary when his text alert went off.
“I could show you some moves,” Sherlock breathed. “I’m a very good dancer.” He was swaying a little as he said this, rocking John just slightly, but still making no move to pull him closer.
tight against his. His heart suddenly thudded, uncertain. Sherlock’s face was so close that John could see every tiny detail: the water droplets sparkling on his skin, his wide darkening eyes, his parted lips. Sherlock shifted slightly and John instinctively adjusted his grip, arm sliding under Sherlock’s thighs, and suddenly heat pooled in his groin.
Sherlock dropped his jacket to the side and began unbuttoning his shirt. Sebastian yanked off his own shirt and reached to push Sherlock’s down his arms. When it dropped to the floor, he slid his hands down to Sherlock’s wrists and gripped them with one hand behind Sherlock’s back so that Sherlock felt the bones of his wrists grinding together. He grimaced, and Sebastian yanked him closer, sliding his free hand up to clench in the curls at the base of Sherlock’s head and jerk his head back. Sherlock’s breath shuddered out.
Sarah laughed. “Not until June, but as it happens Lisa’s daughter has some sort of awards ceremony at school this afternoon. She found out too late to take off, but if you can get in by noon…”
“The housekeeper has charge of the keys. She said she locked him in after she brought the milk, and then checked the rest of the house before she went to bed himself. He must have got the knife before, somehow.”
“We now know three things,” Sherlock said, not bothering to respond to such a self-evident statement. “One, the monster man matches Wallace Stegman’s description of the man who fled the scene of the shooting, at least from behind. Two, he had been visiting Kelly Lewis, who possessed a hiding place sufficient to store a decent amount of cash or contraband, since at least the previous summer.”
“Bet you won’t be going back now that you’ve had a taste of that,” Davy said and John felt the beginnings of his smile freeze on his face.
“I’m going to take you right here,” he whispered into Sherlock’s mouth. “Up against the wall, just as you said.”
Sherlock was faster, already around and blocking his way again. “Yes, you are,” he said. He dropped to his knees and grasped at John’s trousers on both sides, opening his mouth to breathe a long hot breath over John’s crotch. Shit. John felt a hot surge of arousal, heightened by the sight of Sherlock’s dark curls bent over his groin.
When she finally spoke her voice was empty of everything but bleakness. “I can’t leave,” she said flatly. “They’re my children.”
“Of course not, so what?” Sherlock said impatiently. “Come on, John, I’m a virgin and I got tested in rehab. Drug rehab, I mean, obviously. You haven’t been with anybody since Mary and she would have been tested for everything under the sun when she got pregnant.”
“That’s settled then.” John released Sherlock’s hand and settled back, looking immensely pleased. “We’ll  set a date when we get home. God, please tell me I don’t have to ask Mycroft for your hand.”
Permanent sequelae? John remembered, almost unwillingly, the marks he’d seen on Sherlock’s back last autumn, when he’d been recovering from the gunshot wound that almost killed him. They’d been fading though, and Sherlock seemed to regard a certain amount of rough-and-tumble as part of the game.
Sherlock opened his eyes and turned to look at John, but now it was John who was staring fixedly upwards.
Missing. Shit. John’s mind was spinning, his initial impulse—to demand Mycroft get him a helicopter and a gun and send him to the last place Sherlock had been seen—warring with all of the other events of this day: his responsibilities, his wife, his child. Missing. Sherlock could not be missing. He was supposed to be swanning about somewhere with his great swirly coat, dispatching baddies with dramatic savoir-faire, turning up back up glowing with his own cleverness so John could be enviously, resentfully admiring. Not captured, not hurt, and God no not
Dead silence greeted this pronouncement. Disconcerted, Sherlock looked around: the flat was in twilight and no John was in sight. He picked up his phone and rang Mrs. Hudson downstairs. “Where’s John?”
“Well, you’ve met Mycroft,” John said, pulling himself together. “You’ve pictures, yeah? Let’s see these kids.”
to be first chair,” Sherlock said, which was true enough. “I wouldn’t play in the stupid orchestra at all if I didn’t have to. I just want to compose.” Which, surprisingly enough, was also true. He’d enjoyed writing the piece that got him in, and had noodled around with a few other compositions in the intervening weeks.
John tried to swallow the dry lump in his mouth, failed, and took a huge swig of water to force it down. Mycroft said, “All right,” slowly, and Malinowski turned to give a quick nod to the man at the computer screen before returning her attention to Mycroft.  “What happened?”
When they were satisfied with the scene, Sherlock said to Mrs. Hudson, “I think they’ll buy it. Lock me back into my room now and go ring the Guardians; you’re going to pretend I slept through the whole thing.”
“Kristin wanted out of the CIA,” Garrison said. “She’d wanted out for years, but she knew they would never let her leave, not with what she knew. Rehan wanted to get his mother and sister out of Pakistan and pay for his sister’s education.” He shrugged. “I just wanted the money.”
“I have not,” the prince said, deciding to answer directness with truth. “I was looking for you. Word has reached the court of a shepherd with prodigious gift of song.”
“Turn over,” John said and Sherlock rolled obediently. He was too sleepy and comfortable to feel more than a twinge of anxiety. John poured more oil onto his palms and worked it into the skin of Sherlock’s chest, skirting the bandages. “We’ll take those sutures out tomorrow,” he promised.
He was pleased to discover that it was rather easier reading aloud something he had already read to himself first, and his voice gained confidence as he went along. He was vaguely aware of the other noise in the room gradually quieting, but did not really register it until he came to the end of the first chapter and looked up to find every face turned to him.
The files in the top drawer were mainly devoted to closed investigations. Sherlock found a file devoted to an underground railroad, which had successfully shuttled a good number of omegas out of the country early on, and he paged through it with a sort of morbid curiosity until he found his own name. It looked as though the misinformation he’d given after his recapture had held up; none of the people he’d lied to protect seemed to be listed in the file.
“Oh?” John said mildly. He chewed and swallowed, not particularly concerned; he’d been out of the army for some time now, so whatever this was, it seemed unlikely to concern him directly. “What are you investigating?”
Sherlock smiled. He was pinned like a dissected frog and his thighs were cramping badly. Semen was trickling down his abdomen, and it was possible John had drooled on his neck. He was lightheaded with triumph and euphoria. To top it all off, he was suddenly, ravenously hungry.
“No.” Sherlock shrugged, awkward with his hands bound behind his back. “I was out of the country at the time. In a hole in a mountain myself, as it happened.”
“This is mine,” John reminded him, sliding just the tip of his greased finger inside. God, he was so tight, far tighter than poor much-used Teddy had been. John did not try to push further, just used the end of his finger to massage the clenched muscle until he felt Sherlock loosen slightly. “Mine. One day I will have my cock inside you, only mine, no one else will ever touch you here. I want to make sure that every time anybody looks at you and even thinks about your arse that you remember who it belongs to, remember my hands inside you, my hands
