Mycroft is willing to acquiesce a bit longer, lest the emotional turmoil slow Sherlock’s recovery. He’s making his own plans for Mary Watson in the meantime.
He only asks because he’s not entirely sure that they did. In a flash, he wonders whether their conversation two nights ago truly took place, or whether it was all a figment of his overly-fatigued brain. In many ways, he wishes that it hadn't; he would never have said those words if not for his miserable state at the time.
Driving around London in your suspect’s car is one thing, one John could perhaps consider reasonable. This is Sherlock, after all. He rarely follows proper procedure or protocol. Perhaps he finally felt he could only get the information he needed if he spoke directly to the man himself.
“Whatever this sick little joke is, it stops now.” The venom in John’s words feels like a slap to the face. “
“To be fair, Sherlock, given the timeframe and the progression of his disease... It’s very possible your father was already very confused at the time. He probably wasn’t even fully comprehending what was happening. I doubt he was aware that he was being distant, and I doubt even more that he meant any harm.”
“You must be Dr. Watson.” She says and offers her hand to a frankly surprised John. “Yeah, I read your blog. Everyone around here does. He’s the local celebrity, this one, running around all the way up in London, talk of the pub. Well, not that there’s much to talk about around here. I’m Priya. “
“Taking turns fucking those chickens?” Sophie says, closing the door behind her to the sound of the minister’s chuckle.
feels - no point in making plans, or worrying over speculations. Once they land in London, like Sherlock likes to say, the game is on.
Elin and David are having a full on argument, right in front of his eyes. Billy doesn’t move a muscle, so he tried again. “Billy, move away from the water!”
“Yes, presumably,” Mycroft nods. “Although you know how these things go. Suicide is very rarely the real cause of death in prison as far as child molestors go.”
“Proof?” Sherlock asks. “I was stuck in a safehouse, incommunicado for two months. It’s not my job to get you proof. I delivered Stewart and I’m relaying a message. Get your people on it.”
“It’s simply a matter of safety, John,” Sherlock says, his voice flat. “I tend to bring trouble wherever I go. I’d rather not endanger a child—especially yours.”
He leaves reluctantly hours later, following a string of Molly’s apologetic smiles and concealed yawns.
“He is an imbecile, Sherlock,” John says with a sad smile. “But we were in a different place at the time. I couldn't trust myself around you at the time.”
One of David’s versions is a lie. The problem is Sherlock can’t be sure which one, and Sherlock hates not knowing.
As John runs, he sees Sherlock move swiftly to grab the gun and drag a weeping Alexander away. He wordlessly follows Sherlock and Alexander around, sticking as physically close to Sherlock as possible.
“Because the cat was out of the bag. Her cover was exposed, and I knew she could never come back and live a normal life again. I don't think she had any plans of doing that, anyway. I barely saw her once we brought her back to London. She ran all over the city doing god knows what, probably making plans to leave again. There Sherlock was, trying to figure out who betrayed her and her friends, while she was gallivanting around London. I honestly don’t think she cared about all the work Sherlock was doing. She was bound to leave again sooner or later.”
Sherlock frowns deeply and looks down. John doesn’t understand the frown, but he thinks Sherlock is completely out of his emotional depth, and has been since Mary drugged him and left not two weeks ago. Sherlock has been trying to be helpful - considerate even - by spending every free moment gathering information about Mary and AGRA.
It’s the crack of dawn by the time Sherlock opens the door to Rosie’s room. He picks her up and places her in her cot, taking John’s hand in his.
“Mary asked me to teach you how to waltz for the wedding, but I needed help road testing the piece before I take on that monumental, and dare I say
“How could you, David!” Alison’s recorded voice fills John’s office. For the sake of privacy, he pulls his headphones from his bag and connects it to the computer. The video Sherlock had sent is an edited recording from his live feed of the Stewarts’ house. John watches the domestic unfolding on his laptop.
“Oh!” John says again. “I see… alright. For what it’s worth, Sherlock, that’s still not on. Just because you know doesn’t make it OK to not tell you.”
This time the conversations will have to be different. Last time, she promised to leave her professional past behind and never segway into undercover work again. John hadn’t even managed to wrap his mind around the fact that Rosie was in her belly when she shot Sherlock. He told her one day with a sour face that he’ll always carry that knowledge with him.
The case was dull. It took him less than 45 minutes to uncover who was killing elderly women and men lone in nearby villages: the photographer was an employee of the local magazine, an intrepid traveler expected to chat up locals to scout out new stories in this God-forsaken corner of the planet. He would murder them, head off to another interview or assignment, then call the police as if he just happened to stumble upon a dead body.
There’s a newspaper thrown on a side table next to a big chair in the sitting room, a man’s pair of slippers tucked underneath. There are used logs of wood in the fireplace, though there’s no fire in it right now. A great man’s coat hanging by the door, waiting for its owner.
he should say something back, something wise, but David’s words put a lump in his throat David scans John’s face intently, confused by John’s lack of response. “Well, there it is, I guess.”
“But there had to be a hearing, or…” Sherlock’s brows dip. “Or a protocol, maybe. Where’s his personnel file?”
James’ jaw drops. He blinks at Sherlock for a long minute, processing his words, his threat. He looks at John, disbelieving.
“Oh dear, of course not,” Mrs. Hudson coos, the same way she always does at handsome young men. “I hope it’s nothing serious.”
“Sholto invites you to dinner on the day of his divorce and turns up in bed with a dead man not 48 hours later. I find that a bit suspicious.”
All the work he’d done to distance himself from Sherlock, from his memory, wiped clean in one second today when he stepped into Mycroft’s office and laid his eyes on him.
“Yes, very successful.” David nods, offering a plastic cup full of cheap, red wine. “But I’m just me now. And it’s just you and me here, so… relax. I promise I won’t bite.”
“There’s something I learned in my years as a therapist and certainly as a person,” David says with a smile. “It’s the fact that sometimes, the person who means the most to us in the world, isn’t necessarily the person who’s the most right for us.”
office; it’s Lady Smallwood’s office, not that she’s ever there,” Mrs. Norbury says with a huff. “Corporal Stewart's wife told me that a stranger approached her and gave her that number, saying that they have proof that Sherlock Holmes has had their house under surveillance for weeks.”
“No, Sherlock. He’s the one who hid the truth about Eurus from you. He’s the one who’s been lying to all of you for so long, and this is somehow your fault?” John asks and turns to Mycroft again. “You toss him around like it's a game. I’m the one left to pick up the pieces after you leave. How dare you!”
The normally dark streets are slightly more illuminated than usual, decorated with green and red fairy lights. It’s early December. Christmas is coming. Rosie’s first. He should be thinking about presents and Christmas trees, making plans for their first holidays together.
The night air is cold, much cooler than in London. The wind flows freely among the sparse trees. He spots a few distant lights from cabins nearby, and hears hints of traffic from the main road.
They’re in the sitting room at Baker Street, enjoying a whiskey. Rosie’s dozing in John’s arms, a warm and comforting presence - a contrast to the doubt that’s been eating away at him for the past few weeks. It gives him the strength he needs right now. John needs to talk, and he has no patience for anything other than getting straight to the point.
“He didn’t need to tell me,” John says, his blood nearly boiling. “I saw it on the news. We both did. He saved that man from years of torture and imprisonment. He did something this country has failed to do for years.”
“Whisky, please. On the rocks.” The man says. “Today only whisky will do.” He frowns and looks at James for a response. James allows a quick, sad smile and half-turns his face, avoiding showing the other side. He’s used to people’s responses to his burns but he can’t take one now.
Dr. Emma Ford is Molly’s colleague, the one who gave the talk at the University of London Sherlock attended a few weeks earlier. John listens in and gathers that Sherlock and Dr. Ford spoke after her lecture and have been keeping in touch since. She’s been sending him articles and suggestions for follow-up lectures.
“Then think it in bed. I won't bother you.” John pleads. "Sherlock, please. It's been a difficult day. You need to cut your body some slack."
Gemma Dale is a 5’2’’ ball of energy. A soft-spoken ex-combat medic with red hair and intelligent gray eyes, she’s trained in Krav Maga and can pin men twice her size to the wall when needed. Mary has seen her do it during one of the more interesting days at the clinic and was not unimpressed.
The meeting with Elin Thøgersen, when it happens, provides no valuable information at all. David and Alison meet up with her for lunch in a somewhat dreary looking plaza in the City, not far from her employer’s UK headquarters.
Sherlock presses a button and speaks to the polygraph operator.“Ask him about the razor blade again.”
John holds tightly onto the kitchen table. He wishes he could go up to him, take the violin from his hands and hug him for a long, long time. Sherlock did that for him once it meant the world. It was everything he needed at that moment.
"Do you remember he mentioned flying to a friend's wedding in Hong Kong?" Sherlock asks and John nods. "He was a part of the wedding party for another ex of his." Sherlock says. "And he failed there too. The wedding went on as usual, but it raised his ex's suspicions."
“This little game the two of you played. This twisted little...” He snarls. “No one had won, Sherlock, can’t you see? We all
So yesterday John left, unwilling, but upon his return a few short hours later Sherlock couldn’t help but notice the change in the man’s posture: the shoulders slightly less slumped, the worried crease between his brows noticeably flatter.
It was a strategic location for his current mission. He'd been gathering data for weeks inconspicuously.
“I know it’s not, nothing about all of this is,” John says. “For what it’s worth, it’s difficult in one way or another for everyone. I felt like a hollow log when I met Mary. I was confused as to why she would even look my way and it took me a long while to get over that. I think... I think it’s easy for you to excuse your difficulties through the lens of that psychopath veneer, but the truth is you’re going through what the rest of us are. If you’re looking to… meet new people, knowing your worth makes all the difference in the world.”
“He’s the brains behind the multinational team responsible for the rescue operation of Corporal Stewart.” Mycroft finally turns to look at John. “He’s done a truly commendable job. In a few months he’s managed something multiple intelligence agencies have failed to do for years.”
Sherlock’s eyes lift automatically to look at the man. They narrow with curiosity before his brain even has a chance to process what it is that he sees.
James raises his head quickly when he hears the door open. His eyes widen in apprehension when John and Sherlock walk in.
“In many ways, yes. The experiments go either way. Some are enlightening, some are excruciating,” Sherlock says.
Sherlock sighs a suffering sigh at the irony. “I’ll give you an extra fifty if you promise to shut up for the rest of the ride.”
“Got divorced recently, so I moved up here. I’ve been trying to put all that behind me, making a proper go of civvie street. I thought I was doing well, you know,” John says, finding a way to reach his actual topic in the conversation. “Not as many nightmares as I used to have. The limp is gone. Things seemed alright with the missus for a while.”
He’s glad he gave himself the license to speak more honestly and openly. He feels like it lays the ground for him, and hopefully, makes his job a little easier.
Sherlock was never one to stand in defence of humankind, and the sights in front of him justify that.
“Bloody hell,” David calls, his entire body spasming with sudden anger. “Yeah, I know him. He was my guard in Gaza.”
“Wonderful,” Mycroft says and heads for the door, opening it. “Anthea will reach out with further details over the next few days.”
Despite his pitiful condition, they’re familiar with John through his association with Sherlock. With a courteous yet snobbish infliction, he’s directed towards a suite of rooms that contain Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock has always wondered whether she was really a nurse; she must be. She’d worked with John for so long, surely John would have cottoned on if something was off. No wonder they’d found each other, Mary and John. It’s rare to find somebody who lives so comfortably being both a healer and a destroyer.
“Back then, Leonard was a salesman for the factory so he’d travel quite often, sometimes for days at a time. Ernie knew I wasn’t keen on staying alone with the babies, so he would come and spend the evening with me whenever Leonard was away. Sometimes he’d even sleep over.”
“The tailoring is fantastic, Sir.” Thomas stands behind Sherlock looking in a mirror and then… well, he looks his fill, is one way of saying it. He’s openly checking Sherlock out, from head to toe. He then crouches down to fix a bunching in the hems of Sherlock’s suit.
And it’s then that John’s brain rebels in the face of whatever fresh hell this situation is, because -
Brave John Watson - who invaded Afghanistan, who tackled James Moriarty in a pool, who’d been raising Rosie as a single father for all intents and purposes for months - fell prey to a group of busybody mothers. Their questions brought home the fact that he has so many life-altering decisions to make for his tiny daughter, that his wife left, and she’s not there to make those decisions with him. The realization landed on his head, heavy as an anvil. He found himself in the grips of a panic attack in less than an hour.
Sherlock, asking Mycroft to be sent away. Avoiding John for weeks once he came back, insisting that he shouldn’t join him on the case.
“So sometime during your time away, kept in the hands of fundamentalist Islamists, you converted to Islam.”
asked for my help on the case, Sherlock,” John puts his hands on his hips. “You just said I shouldn’t do it. And apparently, I’m expected to do it alone, with no background on this guy whatsoever, not even knowing what I’m expected to find—”
“The immediate suspects were the Afghan ISAF soldiers, but there wasn’t enough evidence to implicate them,” Sherlock says. “The investigation placed the final responsibility for the events of that night on Captain Evan Aldridge. He was the highest ranking officer at the compound at the time. Unfortunately he was also the one who sustained the most critical injuries. He was placed in an induced coma for a considerable period of time and is still under outpatient rehabilitation. That meant the investigation lagged for years, but due to his condition, no actions were taken against him. Not yet, at least.”
The elevator dings as the doors swish open, prompting those awaiting it to hesitantly step aside at the sight of the minister, her nose stuck in her phone.
“Bored with his desk job, apparently,” Sherlock says. “He’s now the Division Chief for Europe. Back in the field.”
John’s grabs Sherlock’s palm, raising it up and licking it sloppily. When it’s finally moist enough, he puts it back down on his own cock.
Sherlock is furiously clicking away on his laptop. John recognizes this behaviour. Now that he’s done with a case, his attention is turned fully to Mary and her whereabouts. In the past few weeks, the tracker reported Norway, Ukraine, and then the US. Right now, he’s grumbling and mumbling about red-eye flights while texting Mycroft. Lestrade looks at John knowingly and nods, bidding his farewell. The DI is an honorary member of the small circle of people who know exactly when to leave Sherlock Holmes the fuck alone.
Mary scoffs nervously, shaking her head. Mrs. Norbury’s hand goes to her purse, pulling out a set of photographs. She hands them over to Mary, who doesn’t move, suspicious and careful.
For a moment, John tries to speak but he can’t seem to make any sound. He hopes Sherlock doesn’t notice the emotional journey his face is most likely going through; the shock at the thought of a village boy kissing a fifteen-year-old Sherlock. The surprise at Sherlock’s admission. The warmth at the thought that Sherlock’s father was so, so kind to him.
, Sherlock mumbles the words to himself in a half-whisper. John’s voice travels to the window not a millisecond later: “You didn’t say no, so you’re getting one.”
“Yeah, that’s the right choice,” she chuckles as the welcome screen of the encrypted video conference software loads. She puts the remote back on the table and turns to leave the room as an image materializes on the screen. “There you go.”
“I’d like to know why he got sacked,” Sherlock says matter-of-factly. “Hence the need for access to the archives.”
“I thought as much,” Edwin nods, exchanging a look with Mycroft. “And we’re well prepared to deal with such a scenario. You should know, though, that shortly after I was dismissing you from this case at that hotel room, I joined a Tac Team that removed the surveillance equipment from the Stewarts’ home.”
John slumps down against the bench defeatedly, because he has a pretty good idea what the man’s about to say next.
Sherlock listened as intently as he’d listen to a client describing a promising case. She continued to wail and whine until he finally spoke, calm and serious.
John wilts next to him, the cruel rejection darkening his worried features. Sherlock only gets a chance to watch David begin to move around the house when the sounds of his intolerable brother’s arrival fills the bolthole.
Currently, there are talks of picking up dry cleaning and a few case files from the Yard (“Anderson is an idiot,” Sherlock declares, apropos of nothing. John hums in agreement.), the Zoo (“
He could leave, start over—as insurmountable as that sounds. People divorce and raise children separately, that’s nothing new. He’s the product of a broken home and while his parents were atrocious at making the most out of it for their children, he’s a passably functioning adult.
Sherlock’s legs carry him all over London that night, as if wandering around the city might yield a solution for his current conundrum.
The glimmer in David’s eyes changes into something else; that same sharp, calculating glare he’d given John the first time they met, behind the pub on the day of Jonathan Palmer’s memorial. Before John has a chance to speak, David crowds him against the driver’s seat door, kissing him.
“Yes, really. I discovered some top-secret Sherlock information today, I need all the facts.” John says, amused. He’s pretty sure if the light in the room was on he’d face nature’s rarest life form: a blushing Sherlock Holmes. "How many?” John asks shamelessly.
Saved by the bell, literally. It’s all he can do to stop himself from rushing down the seventeen stairs himself, welcoming their guest to the suffocatingly-quiet flat. He needn’t, though. Two sets of footsteps quickly rush up the stairs as Mrs. Hudson shows the woman up.
“No, of course not.” David says and squirms in his chair when the operator eyes him again, over the answer. “No. No, I didn’t.”
“Oh, you know how it is,” Rory says. “Got sick of all of those poisonous creatures. Snakes and fish and spiders. Couldn’t stand them after a while. People getting bitten and coming crying to me about it, even though we tell them to be careful. They never listen.”
The invitation to ask David anything, unexpected and unforeseen, had thrown a mental wrench into his whirring mind. He’s still recovering from the sensation of the rug being pulled from under his feet when David had pushed him against the wall not two minutes ago.
“And they want me—” David continues, “they want me to give a speech to a bunch of crows. Encourage them. Convince them they’ve made the right choice.”
“Do I?” John blinks once, then again. The sentiment, coming from Sherlock, is lovely and unexpected. It’s also incredibly incorrect. How could anyone, let alone the world’s only consulting detective, possibly mistake John Watson to be
"I was rather hoping for an apology," Sherlock says, sounding awfully English. "I deserve one. I thank you for acknowledging I didn't kill Mary, but what you did was painful in more ways than one, John."
"We're on the cusp of getting him, John," Sherlock said. "He won't be able to hide forever. We're close to solving this."
Sherlock wakes mid-dream two days later, disoriented and sweaty; unsure what had pulled him out of the land of sleep with such determination. He teeters between waking and dreaming, rain pattering outside his window.
John remembers Mycroft’s biting words. Is that what this is all about? His wedding? Still, now, after everything they’ve been through since?
John sighs impatiently as he checks the time, bouncing Rosie on his hip as he watches Mary parking the car down the street.
Sherlock, lost in thought, turns his attention to John. He takes a moment to consider John’s question.
“...and according to our intelligence signals, there are no underground vaults underneath Appledore, despite your insistence on the matter,” Mycroft says, his long, crossed legs dangling as he occupies John’s chair. “I’ve had the opinions of numerous sources on this matter. There’s no technology available to hide any such structure. Sherlock?”
I know it seems like Sherlock doesn't speak a lot during therapy, and in general. This is, after all, John's POV. But I assure you that Sherlock has his own sessions with David, and they address everything John-related in those sessions. Sherlock is working really hard to protect himself. It's about fucking time.
At the sound of his voice and her father’s absence, her eyes follow the source of the words up in the air. She blinks, and then she giggles; a slow, hesitant thing that melts Sherlock to the core.
Sherlock is puzzled by the joke, opening his mouth to respond when a text message arrives. He looks down and curses at Mycroft’s response (
“I did,” David says and John looks up in surprise. “He reached out to me a few days ago and asked if we can have a remote consultation. I don’t usually do that, but he left in the middle of a process so I made an exception.”
Sherlock was evidently, painfully out of his depth, then. Mycroft’s words kept haunting him, as he’d watch David pacing restlessly around the room like a caged lion;
Disclaimer: Never served in the British Army, never fought in Afghanistan - if any of the details in this chapter are incorrect, it's due to lack of any actual experience in both and I apologize. I did my best in terms of research.
“You’re going through your process right now, and I decided to work on something myself,” John declares and Sherlock listens intently. “I’m going to speak more openly, more clearly with you from now on. I always assumed we understand each other perfectly, but I don’t think that’s true. I told you last time at David’s that I can’t handle any more secrets. I’m going to demand the same from myself. Does that make sense?”
Sherlock swallows he reaches out for John’s belt, opening it and dragging John’s trousers and pants down his thighs.
They descend the steps to the first floor together, fingers brushing hesitantly. They know what they are to each other now, John thinks, but how is he expected to behave in front of Mrs. Holmes? Only yesterday did she confess that she felt uncomfortable at the thought of Sherlock being gay.
“He’s supposed to be dead,” the two walk hurriedly down a corridor as Sherlock whispers to Mycroft. “I saw his name in the files.”
“Cor.” The young makeup artist steals a critical side glance at his pasty face. “You could use some sunshine, love.”
“You see, that’s very confusing to me, Sherlock. Because sometimes nothing’s ever about me, is it? It’s like I’m transparent. But other times it’s only about me. It has so much to do with me I don’t even know what to do about it. Look at you. Drowning yourself in this god-awful case when your father is lying in hospital. Why didn’t you listen when James asked you to let this go, to focus on your father instead?”
By the time they’ve managed to peel landlady and baby away from each other, the temperatures outside had dropped significantly, resulting in a short, disappointing trudge through the park.
He takes a deep, measured breath; the doctor in him kicks into action, in an attempt to calm his nerves. Sherlock is waiting for him at the bolthole. Sherlock, who’s been listening to every word, hearing John confessing to David about things he’d never tell anyone else.
“I didn’t always know, John.” Sherlock confesses, his voice cold and worried. “It was too late by the time I did.”
It’s a useless thing to say at this point, he knows, but Sherlock’s sat himself as far away from him as humanly possible within the confines of the car. The begrudging silence is loud in John’s ears, and he’s had enough of the cold-shoulder.
A beige-and-white monstrosity, the Clerkenwell practice is proof of the old adage: money can't buy good taste. Mycroft was adamant that Dr. Levinson was the best doctor money could buy for a man in Sherlock’s condition, and it shows; in the empty waiting room alone stand three Linley chairs worth more than John's entire life savings and debt combined.
Unfortunately, Mrs. Hudson intercepts them on their way out, lavishing the baby with old-lady hugs and enough specially made teething-biscuits to knock down a small horse as soon as the sugar high wears off. Sherlock patiently braves through numerous “
“We’re not done here, Sherlock, not by a mile,” he says grudgingly as he answers the call, placing the phone at his ear. “Mycroft?”
“Sherlock,” he says. He looks up, searching for the man's eyes. “Go. Do what you need to do. Find whatever it is that you need to find.”
“You should go home,” Edwin says. “I promise you, this man will never know the taste of freedom again. You got your revenge.”
“John, we’ve been over this.” Sherlock says with a sigh. They have. A lot over the past 24 hours. “Mary needs reassurances. The only way to do this is on neutral ground.”
. But you are… involved. Somehow. His lawyer and ex-husband were both interviewed earlier. They left him at The Bianca a few hours prior once they were finished with the papers. They say that’s the reason he came to London in the first place. You didn’t know that?”
Sherlock surprises John by suggesting that he and Mrs. Hudson celebrate Christmas Eve at John’s flat. John thinks it’s a lovely idea, and he goes all out with decorations, tree and all.
"We'll bring her back, John. The GPS tracker is tremendously accurate and I know where she is at any given moment," he says, staring at the telly, unseeing. "No need to single-handedly bankroll every liquor establishment within London proper.”
"I thought you had a case. You said you couldn’t come over for dinner last night." John wonders what's the point of pretending. Sherlock never comes over to the flat unless he absolutely has to, and when he does, he looks like a fish out of water. He thought he saw Sherlock planning exit routes the first time he was there, after Mary shot him. John couldn't blame him. He can’t say he never did the same himself.
Lestrade stares wordlessly at John for a long minute. He picks his phone up and makes a phone call, talking to a colleague, and asking for further details.
Sherlock wakes abruptly from his seat on the top of the stairs. Frustrated growls come from John’s room as he walks around it, banging doors and kicking the legs of the bed. It takes Sherlock a long minute to realize what’s happening. His blood freezes in his veins when he does.
he thinks. It reminds John of simpler times; back in the days of barracks and tents when Bill Murray and John's life mission was to put a smile on James Sholto’s face.
Another pub, another night escaping the thick, suffocating silence of his home. John sighs, looking at his watch. He was so anxious to leave Mary with Rosie only hours after she came back from her first overnight visit to Calais, that he’s almost an hour early for his pint with Greg.
The nickname sticks from that day onwards - but only when Sherlock thinks John can’t hear him say it.
"Sherlock." John says softly, balancing Rosie on his hip. He walks towards the man, ignoring his brother. "Let's go for a walk. Or dinner."
John’s heart leapt when, holding on to William’s hand right before leaving, the other man gently squeezed his.
“If there are still personnel records, Essex will probably have them. But we’re talking about the sixties, Sherlock. Before computers and what not.” Lestrade takes a sip of coffee. “As police archives go, that's ancient history.”
“Yes, Mary, for you!” John yells. “‘Give Mary my love, tell her she’s safe now’. That’s what he said. He did it for you!”
, John thinks. He walks to the kitchen without a word, moves around automatically, making tea and toast for two. It would be his second breakfast, one he usually has here. Second breakfasts go a long way to explain his extra five pounds these days, but they are a peace offering. Those are needed quite a lot when it comes to Sherlock Holmes.
“Yes.” Sherlock says. “Lying in a freezing stream. It looks like an accident. Possibly a heart attack.”
“There was Moriarty, back then.” Sherlock explains. “He was always there in the background. I could sense it, I could sense that something was coming.”
“So you,” he turns to Mycroft, “want my help on something without telling me what it’s about while you,” he turns back to Sherlock, “don’t want me on this case at all?”
“I was very close with Ernie and Leonard, yes. Their parents, though… oh, I never cared for them, really, and I suppose you could say the feeling was mutual.”
William Holmes lived a full life, John thinks. He was married to a woman he loved; he had a long, dignified career; he raised children. But there was also pain. For years he’d been sure that his daughter died and grieved her loss. For years he had to keep the secret of her existence to himself. To see his son drowning his own agony with needles, guns, and destructive self-loathing.
As they entered the cabin earlier, David placed a hand on the small of Sherlock’s back, guiding him in. A small gesture, but intimate. Sherlock rarely allowed such a touch without scorn or an uncomfortable twitch, if anyone was daring enough to even attempt it.
“Yeah, I know.” Lestrade says in agreement and the three of them leave the evidence room to meet Alexander.
“Is this where you’d bring boys for fumbling experimentations?” John asks. He’s been sitting on that question for hours.
“Oh, that’s not true, is it?” He asks, his voice challenging. “I think you knew I had it in me since the day we met.”
Sherlock scans the area surrounding the car, ten minutes away from High Wycombe proper, based on signs they passed en route. Black Park Grove. National Trust. The access road that led them to this location is dotted with tourist cabins.
“Listen to me, shortarse,” Aldridge spits, his face twisting with anger. “If you were really the army man you claim to be you’d know very well we don’t air our dirty laundry out in public, because no one understands. Do you hear me? No one!”
The Crown had declined to hear her lawsuit, discrediting the veracity of claims based on repressed memories. The diocese vehemently denied any knowledge of the abuse, and there was no forensic evidence in the case linking Father Conneely to the murder.
John Watson doesn’t believe in karma, absolutely not. Right now though, a small voice in his brain speaks out surely and definitely. ‘Karma is a bitch’. The voice says.
It’s not the actual act of separation, of single fatherhood that bothers him. It’s the prospect of the loneliness that he’ll be doomed for for the rest of his life. He’s never opening himself up for anyone else, another relationship, ever again—what good would that do, when he keeps falling for psychopaths who lie and hurt him?
It’s as if John isn’t really listening, he realizes. Only searching for his eyes, looking closely at his face.
In a perfectly pressed suit he descends the stairs two at a time, closes the street door behind him, and breathes a sigh of relief for the first time in months.
There are moments in every doctor’s day when they stop to consider the man or woman lying in bed in front of them. John had many moments like that when he was hit by the realization that a patient is someone’s child, someone’s spouse, someone's parent, and brother. Every patient has a life filled with joy and pain and love.
With a sudden ache John is transported to one morning in Baker Street. They were having breakfast together, Mycroft hovering around them like a fly. He remembers the warmth of the domesticity they shared back then, a misleading comfort he indulged in unaware that it’ll be taken away from him very soon. All of a sudden, Irene’s first text message arrived and John felt like it was the end of the world.
They say their goodbyes and exchange Christmas wishes but John’s heart is heavy when he sees James walking away.
“Listen to me, Sherlock, and do exactly as I say,” Mycroft says with a warning. “Wherever you are, do not leave any evidence you’ve been there. The two of you are to get into a car and drive back to London as fast as humanly possible.”
“John.” Sherlock calls after him and he turns around. “I know you’re upset but... Do you think... Would you be available tomorrow? The hospital…”
Collins stares at him for another moment, unsure, his brows furrowed. “Come on mate, we’re all waiting for you.”
He lies in a bit, thinking about last night's conversation. Sherlock’s moods have been swinging like a pendulum. One moment he’s closed off, another they’re joking about John’s sex life.
He’d lost his faith in Sherlock. Lost his trust. He was angry and resentful, and Sherlock saw right through that— even when John didn’t.
David’s clinic in Hampstead is posh, neat, and modern. The man himself is much the same. He’s in his fifties, with short silver hair and a tight handshake. His Dutch accent is barely noticeable.
“At some point it just became… cruel,” David continues. “We all knew Jonathan was crazy about animals. Especially dogs. He used to volunteer with the RSPCA before. Had three dogs at home. Had to pet every dog we found there, in the deset. It was lovely, really.”
John throws the blanket away, his anger blowing up instantaneously, like steam from an engine. He hurls the can at a bin, missing it but not bothering to pick it up.
If that’s Sherlock's way of relieving the tension, John can handle it. He’s seen Sherlock at his worst and this isn’t it. As long as Mary’s away, he’s willing to be the one who forgives and forgets every time.
Since then, John's nightmares, which had subsided after moving in with Sherlock, returned with a vengeance. It had been wreaking havoc on John's body and mind, on his brave heart.
“Oh,” is all he can come up with at the thought that his wife has essentially just quit her job as his nurse. “Alright. That’s...”
There’s no more Sherlock or Baker Street to escape to and even if there were, Sherlock is a problem, not a solution. THE problem. Sherlock doesn’t want him—not that way, not ever.
“Move along, then,” Mycroft says with a sour smile. He looks at the camera at the top of the room, signalling Sherlock to hold off any questions.
“Bloody hell, I don’t know. First date stuff,” he says. “Is she a single child? Does she have any brothers or sisters?”
“So? People convert.” John says. “That’s what you’re investigating, aren’t you? You think he switched sides or something?”
“It’s a necessary evil, letting them investigate him for now,” Mycroft says. “This is his official version of events. It’ll give us something to refute should anything contradictory come up as your own investigation moves forward. Speaking of which, did you hear anything you can act on?”
Maybe it wasn’t meant to be, his traitorous heart tells him sometimes. After all, they’ve known each other for so long. They’ve been through so much, walked down so many lanes together. If Sherlock felt something, anything, surely he would have been brave enough to say something, wouldn’t he? Wouldn’t they have found their way to each other by now?
“I thought we’d go to the village centre, maybe find something to do Rosie might like. And we could buy something for tomorrow, you know. Some food. Whatever you all like to eat.”
—growing inside her. His eyes close involuntarily as he shakes his head, turning to look away again.
“I looked up to you! He looked up to you! You were our friend!” David cries, as two of the men drag him away. “Let me go. Let me go!”
“Everything alright then?” John asks, wishing Sherlock would find it in his heart to be a bit more cooperative.
That’s a shame really, Mrs. Hudson’s soup is excellent. They all agree with him by the time they have their second servings.
The driver of the car steps out for a minute, exchanging a few words with Mary and her colleague Sherlock cannot hear. It’s when Mary looks over her shoulder to answer the man that something catches in the crosshair of her sharp glance.
“I should go.” John sighs and stands, moving to clear up the now empty boxes of food. “It’s my turn with Rosie.”
Her daughter couldn’t find the man of her dreams and chose to be a single mother. Her mother clearly loves her enough to take her in and help in raising her grandchild.
“I’m… I’m sorry,” says a hyperventilating David. Alison takes his hands and looks into his eyes, speaking softly.
When Sherlock opens the door, she’s right there, looking up at him with wide, expectant eyes. She sucks her thumb and sends a toothy grin his way. Sherlock sends one in return.
“So it was an open and shut case as far as the police were concerned. But my uncle.. her brother.” He stops to clarify. “He had none of that. He was sure my stepfather killed her. Staged it to look like a suicide. He had friends in high places, I suppose you can say, and he started finding traces of things. Hospital records, stories from friends. And it became... it became quite clear that she kept things from us. Horrible, horrible things, Sherlock. Since the day she married our stepfather. She rotated between hospitals for treatments. Said she’d fallen down the stairs, hit her head on the door. You know the stories. There were reports of… suspected sexual abuse. Never confirmed but the doctors in the hospital took note. But she denied it all. She said they were misunderstandings. I think he may have raped her, Sherlock. She...” He stops when his throat closes.
Yesterday, John had bundled up more than usual as he got ready to leave; it’s as though he’s become so dependent on the warmth of the flat that anything that exists outside requires special armour. He shrugged into his coat with a sigh as he stoked the fire needlessly, throwing a glare at Sherlock, who was lumped carelessly in his chair. Resigned to his fate by now, Sherlock had offered nothing but silence in response to the doctor's prying eyes, yielding to the bristling-yet-heartwarming kaleidoscope of emotions residing there.
Mary isn’t, never was, and never will be selfless. She would have achieved nothing in her life by sacrificing something she wanted to somebody else. That’s not how you survive in this world. It's why she shot Sherlock and it's why she wouldn't hesitate to do it again if needed.
“According to her, there had been rumors about a necklace in relation to the nun’s disappearance for years,” Lottie says. “They say they have evidence that Sister Sofie left to pick up a custom-made necklace she’d ordered in celebration of her sister’s engagement the night she disappeared.”
“Hello, Watson.” Sherlock says, his low baritone causing Rosie to look his way. She squeals and wiggles out of her father’s arms and runs to Sherlock who picks her up without a word.
“I’d like to see Sholto’s belongings. More specifically, I need medication samples.” Sherlock says as he skims through the police reports. Lestrade nods and asks that access to the evidence room is arranged.
Sherlock places his hands in a thinking position; he closes his eyes and revisits the conversation he’d just heard. David and Elin are bold; they speak openly, right in front of Alison, and it’s extremely convincing. One couldn’t be blamed for being fooled, and if Sherlock hadn’t witnessed their soundless argument near the fountain, he would have ruled out any foul play himself.
“Yes.” John smiles dangerously like a predator. The mutual rutting turns to slow, mind-blowing grinding. “You want this, don’t you? You want me.”
The question is so unexpected, it forces John to take a big breath in order to fight the heavy weight that lands in his stomach when the memory rises. Those days, when he’d just met her, were some of his worst, and she… she was supposed to make things better.
The lone halogen ceiling fixture buzzes over his head. It feels like a nest of bees is plotting against him from above.
“If it’s that NHS tech support bloke, he's supposed to give me a heads up before he shows up,” John says as he makes the short walk to the break room, opening the door, “he can’t just expect me to—”
The next night finds him sitting in his car in front of Baker Street around midnight. He’d told Mary he’s meeting up with Mike for a pint, which he did. He didn’t lie. He did excuse himself early while with Mike, though, feigning an upset stomach. Now here he is, feeling like a bloody stalker.
“It would be… selfish. Wouldn’t it? To expect her to… to choose me,” David says. “Here she is, starting a new life with somebody and I just… storm back in. Disturb the balance. A good man would just… step aside. Let her be happy.”
He frowns when he remembers that only a few hours ago he was preoccupied with Sherlock's father's condition. Trauma bruises the mind, sometimes to a point of no return - William Holmes is another example of that. Who knows what James has been going through, what brought a man who swore to lonely seclusion to visit London and meet up with another man in a sleazy hotel.
When he does, John's breath catches at the sight of man’s back. Tracks on tracks of deep old scars, making his back look like the surface of the moon. There’s no mistaking what had happened to him. It was brutal, and repetitive, and inhumanly painful. John’s doctor brain recognizes the patterns, the depth, the absence of proper medical treatment.
Mrs. Hudson, who had been climbing the stairs slowly, looked at Sherlock. Her brown orbs were moist from holding back tears. She was probably her when he left, shocked by his anger and unable to stop him.
John takes a deep breath. He’s being swept into a storm he’d never even given a second’s thought to.
“Can you imagine Rosie all grown up, Sherlock? A teenager?” He shakes his head at the thought. “Christ, I’m so scared sometimes. I’m going to fail her in so many ways, simply by virtue of being her father. And that’s before we even get into…
“There’s still something… someone missing here. Someone’s fulfilling Gabriel’s orders. That’s why Gabriel went to Hong Kong, he’s creating an alibi for himself, though he doesn’t really need one, does he? We can wait for Gabriel to confess but it’ll take a while and Sholto will have to be released by then. We need to figure out a way to lure that person out of the woodwork.”
“And we’re left with compromise and ego,” Edwin says matter of factly. “His wife has a boyfriend and he’s clearly still closeted, though that doesn’t prevent him from initiating liasions with men—so obviously a man who seeks the thrill of danger.”
You gave me a second chance.” He says softly. “And a third, and a fourth and god knows how many more. I know you have it in you. You’re a sensible man; you went and said goodbye to your father after all. Aren’t you happy that you did?”
Sherlock had been walking around Dartmoor and Dewer's Hollow the entire night wrung out from his panic attack. He'd been wracking his brain for hours for any possible solution.
“There’s only you, love,” David says, sweeping her gently into her arms. They stand for a while, whispering to each other, the words unintelligible to the microphones.
They're not immortal. They won't live together, forever. He wakes up every day hoping to die before Sherlock does so he doesn't have to experience living in a world without Sherlock Holmes ever again.
Next chapter is a short interlude, a throwback to the past in this story's universe - not a full chapter.
“Oh, there were at least six or seven different ones.” She says with a grimace. “Each doctor completely ignored the other doctors’ opinions. But the thing is that I had the same… difficulties growing up. With people, in certain situations. Will was the only one who made any sense to me. I assumed that I understood Sherlock and what he was going through. I thought that knowing how things felt for him would make it easy for us. So I pushed him to do the things I did, but that went horribly. By the time he became a teenager, he resented me for pushing all the time. There was no talking to him. It’s like I was invisible. He only trusted Mycroft and William.”
“Having his headshots taken by a professional photographer, as we speak. Accompanied by Ms. Thøgersen, of course, who seems to have been upgraded to full time publicist and spokesperson,” Edwin says. “A man in my employ is there with them, under the guise of an assistant photographer.”
” It instructs him. He swallowed loudly. North Cyprus isn’t lawless and the asset he’s about to meet isn’t dangerous. However, the fact that the man insisted on meeting outside of Turkey left Sherlock, Mycroft and Eva somewhat concerned. They were hoping that he wouldn’t be stepping straight into an ambush. The fact that Eva arranged for a car shows that she’d like him to be able to be in and out of there easily.
John’s face does something strange and unexplained. He nods solidly, resolutely. “Alright,” he smiles, hesitantly covering Sherlock’s hand with his. “You’re right.”
“If Mycroft has his way with her, she’ll either die or disappear for good. That means you’ll never get to raise your child. I can’t carry the weight of that on my shoulders.” Sherlock says.
"Thank you, Dr. Watson. It is indeed a very sad turn of events." Mycroft says grimly. "I'm here on behalf of my mother, though. I was asked to convince my brother to visit Father in hospital."
The text was surprising and John hesitated. Everything he experienced with James since the day he rejected him was brief, blundering, and uncomfortable. John couldn’t imagine why he’d like to meet - he’d mentioned errands in London. John agreed because he couldn’t think of a reason not to. However, once he stepped inside Baker Street and learned about Sherlock’s father, James was no longer a priority.
There’s a staring contest. They avert their eyes at the same instant, retiring to different rooms grumbling angrily.
The other man smiles kindly at John, who finally has the time and presence of mind to really look at him. He looks about as dour as Mycroft on a bad day, but his eyes are just as sharp and all-seeing. Crossing paths with the man in the street he’d have thought him to be an accountant, or somebody’s press secretary at the most. Plain. Boring. The epitome of the British establishment. There’s nothing threatening about him, nothing to hint that he’s Mycroft-Fucking-Holmes’ superior.
He turns the light on in the utility room and blinks as it comes on. Taking his gun out of its holster he moves the coats and umbrellas away to expose the safe. It’s an old mechanical one he’d had installed a few days short of Rosie’s birth, remembering in a panic that he’d somehow neglected an important part of baby proofing.
“We have a terrorist plot on our hands, brother dear. The deal is off,” Mycroft says. “We’ll need eyes and ears on him as soon as he lands, and you’re the only one who has any baseline on his behaviour.”
Stunned to silence by the man’s words, John pops a chip into his mouth, warm and salty and perfect. There’s a permanent, vague ache in his stomach—it’s been there since he’d agreed under duress to ignore his wife’s past—morphing into something bigger and uglier.
“What the hell is that supposed to mean?” He continues when Sherlock doesn't respond. "You told him that in Gaza, so you meant... last time?"
John repeats the words in his head as his mind stops functioning abruptly. His vision becomes red, but it’s not with anger. It’s the response his body produces whenever he gets a glimpse into Sherlock’s tragic, guilt riddled mind.
John hears someone approaching and turns to find Mrs. Holmes, her eyes red with what is either tears or sleeplessness (
, he strategizes as he walks over to the sofa. There’s that pulse point on Sherlock’s clavicle John discovered a week ago. He wants to plant a flag with the Watson crest there. Because, John learned, licking circles over that specific spot and calling Sherlock “gorgeous” equals a fussy, blushing Mrs. Hudson the next morning.
“Sister Sofie Novák, teacher, murdered in late 1971. Tell me what you were told.” He cuts to the chase, despite his promises.
Unsure what to do now, he stands up and moves behind his chair, grabbing the cushion with one hand while still holding Rosie in the other. His voice trembles and he braces himself for his next question.
I already started outlining Part II of Turned, which will continue exactly where part I ends. Part II will be called 'You, Me and the Next War'.
A sibling and a father, just like Sherlock. It must have been a while since she’d lost both, she seems so cheerful and lively.
“Sherlock Holmes,” Rory says. John's brain is a hot, fuzzy mess right now, but it manages to pick up on the man’s heavy Australian accent. “Yeah, I know who you are. They say you’re a bloody genius.”
If John had ever thought he’d seen Sherlock Holmes looking his best, he had been completely wrong. This stunning creature is the best thing he has ever laid his eyes on.
He thought he'd been getting somewhere when he sent John to flirt with Henry's therapist, but Dr. Frankland proved to be an unexpected interruption. This derailed Sherlock's plans and he needed more time to reconsider and strategize.
“How are you feeling? Did you take any pain medication today?” John asks, still searching for the tell-tale signs of pain and discomfort Sherlock habitually hides from him.
“Alright,” John says, crossing his arms. He feels some tension that has been building inside him for weeks slightly loosening, not that he’s actually given any information to work with.
“Whatever beef I have with Stewart, I’ll deal with it myself,” Aldridge says. “And trust me that I will, one day. He’ll get what he deserves, I’ll make sure of that.”
“Can you imagine the introductions? Hi, this is my murderer-for-hire wife and mother of my child. I’m an adrenaline junkie with anger issues. She just came back from a world tour doing god knows what while I was playing house with my best friend.”
Sherlock rejects the call, cursing at the indicator of the nearly empty battery. He’d left the bolthole without a charger; he didn’t expect this turn of events, after all.
“They send their condolences.” Sherlock says, aiming the words at his mother then looks out the window. John walks over to him, Rosie in his arms. He lays a hand on his shoulder.
“You rest, now.” She pats his hand one last time, covering him with a blanket. He resigns himself to the powerful wave of pain medication doing its job. Right on time. “There you go.”
Perhaps she, being who she really is, is never fully comfortable keeping the same look, never changing. Habits tend to crawl in and reside inside you, and knowing the little he knows about her, he’s sure that by this point, she’s a ball of discomfort over living in the same place, staying attached to one person, looking exactly the same.
“Mycroft was unplanned.” She says with a naughty smile in return for his shocked gape. “He was the first child, and he was always so sour and stuffy. We assumed it was because he’s the eldest. You spoil them and they become ungrateful. It took us six years to have Sherlock. Mycroft was unexpected so we thought the next child would come along without a hitch, but no. Six years. And we were so happy to have him. He was such a darling little boy. William fell in love with him the moment he saw him. And then Eurus came along a year later. This time we thought it’ll take us another six years but we were surprised again!”
They’re poking fun at each other, discussing the moral justifications (or lack thereof) of feeding the ducks in the park when the sound of footsteps invades their little bubble. John tenses and squeezes the armrest. They’re not expecting anyone.
“Are you alright, sir?” The assistant photographer’s voice comes from somewhere in his vicinity, close, and yet distant.
She turns to look over at the others. Her breath catches. While she was lost in thoughts, John migrated to sit next to Sherlock.
“Rarely.” He lets the venom of his response land on the table, for all to hear. “How does Aldridge fit into all of this?”
John frowns, seeking Sherlock’s eyes. He reads Sherlock’s own surprise at the suggestion, can see him considering all possible outcomes and risks.
“I sent one of our own to his launderette, hoping to get more information out of him. He was shot in the head, point-blank. His face was so disfigured they had to call in one of his mistresses to identify him by his scars,” Mycroft continues. “Apparently he’s been dead for quite a while when they found him.”
“John doesn't seem to agree. To be fair, I also doubt that's the best course of action even a hands-on detective can take.”
It takes Sherlock 1.3 seconds to deduce his day; the long hours at observation, his awkward, stubborn silence turned in Mary’s direction, the worry over the baby’s condition. A beer stain on his shirtsleeve immediately gives away the hours he’d spent in the pub after he and Mary climbed into different cabs and went their separate ways.
He squints, trying to get a better look. Whomever it was, it’s not Sherlock, John is sure. Wrong height, wrong build.
“A piece of razor blade,” Sir Edwin says as Mycroft and Sherlock enter the interrogation room they’d only left last night.
“I appreciate it. Might need a pair of gloves once winter comes. I hope you’ll be getting a new batch soon.”
She, too, gives him a doctor’s once-over (or, perhaps, a pathologist's once-over - quite a differnece). After he assures her he is there with his doctor's blessing, she makes room next to her so he can study the body on the slab.
John freezes at his words, then starts laughing. It’s miserable, high-pitched laughter and it grates on Sherlock’s nerves.
“Maybe…” Mary sighs as she rocks the little girl back and forth, trying to calm her down.”Maybe take her for a drive?”
“Quite a unique position, being the guard of a highly valuable POW.” Sherlock moves back in his chair, placing his hands under his nose in a deduction position. “How did you get that job? A British soldier would be Abu Nazir's most precious asset and yet you, a lowly minion, were trusted with keeping him alive. Why is that?”
There are sounds of beeping devices and sighing respiration machines and the room smells of antiseptic. John knows many people dislike this sensory overload. The smell and sounds of a hospital make most visitors cringe and they feel the need to escape as quickly as possible. It’s all just so sterile, it makes even the most natural interaction with a hospitalized loved one seem forced and unnatural.
“Yeah, yours.” John seeks Sherlock’s eyes, pleading. “It’s not like I know much more about you. You had a life before we met and I know absolutely nothing about it.”
“How? For fuck’s sake, Mycroft!” he yells, full of rage as his eyes search wildly for his shoes. “Send me a car, now!”
you know that,” John says pleadingly. “It’s just wrong, on so many levels. Put aside the fact that he’s
“Top shelf on the right, behind the pots and strainers,” John says, staying true to his promise regarding the good liquor. “There’s some gin. Maybe a whisky too.”
John nods and calculates his next move. That was actually more than he thought he’d ever get. He clears his throat before he speaks again. “It’s been awfully quiet without you. Boring. Well, not entirely quiet.”
And they’re standing… Close. Intimately close. It’s then that John’s other senses finally kick in, and everything suddenly makes sense. There’s music. A waltz. And the cleared furniture, and Rory’s flushed face.
“Yes.” Sherlock shows her the papers. “He wrote down eight names. Family members, and here—an email address.”
“Put these on, please,” Edwin says and hands him a pair of headphones. “Tap the microphone to let Mr. Knight know you’re ready.”
“She’s perfect.” John smiles proudly, relieved. “Quite big now. Will probably start crawling soon. The birth was… incredible, Sherlock. I wish you could have been there with me, it was…” He trails off. “I want you to meet her. I want her to meet her...” He stumbles over his own words, unsure what title he’s about to bestow on this man. “...erm, her Sherlock.”
“Will rather hoped Sherlock might follow suit, just like Mycroft.” She says. “What with that brilliant brain of his. He never imagined he might branch out like that.”
John sighs, shuffling his legs in an attempt to get rid of his angry posture. “Can we go somewhere? Just you and I, so we can talk properly?”
“Only those of us that were over there know what went on. For decades the west has been inflicting suffering on the poor and powerless.”
Sherlock raises his eyebrow, expecting John to keep up. “Myself as well as Mummy. She insists this isn’t the time for your arguing, as do I.”
If you watched Homeland and are wonder why John is being so confrontational here, he's got a good reason. It's my gentle way of criticizing a very specific aspect of Homeland. You can read more about it
“Oh god.” John whispers and wipes his face. This is too much to unpack right here in the middle of the park. “I can’t... I can’t do this now.” He says faintly. “Rosie, come here.”
” Sherlock whispers in his ear. He does as instructed and opens the door to the lavish officers’ meeting room.
John’s face crumples right in front of Sherlock’s eyes. Anger, disappointment, resentment. Heartbreak.
“John, I’m well aware of my…” Sherlock squirms and clears his throat. “Deficiencies. I’m not equipped for… creating substance in other people’s lives. What I was always able to bring to the table was to allow you to have everything you wanted. And you wanted her, and you wanted to be a father.”
“Chin up, Will.” He says in a tone that sends a chill down John’s spine for some reason. “It’s not your fault.”
He nods off briefly for a short while but wakes disoriented to the sounds of footsteps in the room. His heart leaps when he thinks Sherlock decided to join him after all. Then he realizes Rosie must have been fussing because Sherlock quietly picks her up from her cot and leaves the room wordlessly.
“Fine, you do that.” She grabs the back of a chair. “But I don’t want him anywhere near Rosie or this house. He’s dangerous.”
“You were on observation duty together on the night of the raid,” Sherlock says. “Even though it’s frowned upon to have two snipers on observation together—even though two snipers who were caught in a compromising position before. How did you manage that?”
“Oh,” John says, his stomach twisting in empathy with Sherlock’s ominous anger. “How did he manage that?”
“Mary doesn’t want you eating out,” Sherlock says, and John has to shake his head to remind himself that Sherlock is very rarely aware of double entendres, no matter how unfortunate they are. “You still have those extra four pounds to lose if you want to get into that suit.”
Sherlock assumes that Rosie’s worm brain can’t possibly be interested in this video, but she looks in the general direction of the tablet, quiet and keen. She alternates between sucking on her fingers and touching the screen. They watch together in silence, stare as the next video in the playlist starts playing automatically.
Sherlock returns three hours later, stinking of cigarettes and his shoes dirty with mud. Thankfully, it seems his mood had subsided enough to ask John for another cup of tea and agreeing-by-silence to visiting the village centre.
“She didn’t ask,” he grumbles. “And… I don’t know, but my gut instinct tells me that when your wife doesn’t care where you spend your nights, it usually means it’s over.”
Sherlock never imagined that conversation would come on the heels of a kiss. Why would he? Things were comfortable between them during his months of recovery, but it never came close to the comfortable intimacy they shared in the days before his fall.
“Yes. Those damn drugs. It was dreadful.” She nods. “Right around the same time Sherlock… when Amit died and William was beside himself. He saw how their father took it. I think he realized it could happen to us any minute. ”
He stops by Baker Street first. He packs Sherlock’s things, texts Lestrade with an update, telling him to not come over for his planned short visit on Christmas Eve.
“We know he’s susceptible to that,” Edwin continues, throwing a quick glance at Sherlock. “All it takes is five minutes worth of video footage from a hotel room.”
“There’s nothing else for me to find here for you, gentlemen.” Lucas speaks suddenly. “At least not until tomorrow when the test results are back.” He says, finding the most polite way to ask them to leave him alone.
John sips his tea as he watches them walk away. He gasps quietly as Mrs. Holmes misses a step and Sherlock balances her quickly and efficiently.
It’s disconcerting, knowing there’s a chance something is very off with David, had been very off since the day he’d met him. He used to think he could read just about anyone, but the last few years have taught him otherwise.
Sometimes, when John is allowed in, he finds certain patterns in Sherlock’s character. This one just might be the most poignant one yet; Sherlock, it seems, always fails to notice the good things in his life. The people who love him, his importance to them.
On the third night, John exhales loudly as he parks the car. He stares unseeing out the window, his fingers aching from holding onto the wheel too tightly.
“Rachel?” Sherlock’s back straightens in attention. He browses through the numerous pieces of data in his mind, sure the name is important. “Rachel who?”
“He finally found James’ tox screen report from when he was admitted for observation. Guess what.” He says and shows them a document on his phone screen.
Rosie is sleepy in her pushchair, despite the dogs and pigeons and children rushing about, her cheek resting against her toy elephant. She’s recovering from another difficult bout of teething, and her energy levels have been going up and down sporadically. He can't help her much aside from pain medication, but the fresh air and the monotony of the pushchair seem to be doing the job just fine for now.
Sherlock clears his throat. “Yes, that’s exactly why.” What else could he say? I sent you back because you didn’t want me. I sent you back because you were conflicted anyway, it was written all over your face. Because she might have lashed out if I didn’t and I couldn’t be responsible for her hurting you. I sent you back because you chose her and you’d have gone back eventually, anyway. This way we can still pretend
“Yes, Sherlock. It’s a defence mechanism, I know you know that.” John says. “Things were hard for you. For all of you.”
She looks at him intently for a bit, then squeezes his hand and leaves the room. Sherlock’s eyes follows her around the house in the camera feed, pulling a box out from the back of a dresser.
was a true siege, and the documentary linked to here was both a stunning piece of Afghan war history for me, as well a tough reminder of what soldiers in Afghanistan had to endure. Though I never served in the British Army, I do have my own experience of military service and the details of the siege were shocking to learn. Please note - the soliders who were there in Musa Qala are true survivors, heroes, and though I used their story here I by no way mean any disrespect to them by placing David there with them. David is a made up character and implies nothing regarding the real soldiers who bravely fought there.
There are two rooms available besides Mrs. Holmes’: one is occupied by Mycroft and one is apparently destined for John, Rosie, and Sherlock.
His stomach turned when he first laid eyes on him at the reception, but things turned… well, murder-y very quickly and John was distracted. By Sherlock, as usual.
“Right.” John turns towards one of the urinals and does his business, looking at David over his shoulder.
John turns to look at Aldridge, hoping he might find some sympathy there, but all he finds is a stone-cold glare.
It takes John six steps to reach the kitchen counter, he knows, seeing the events unfolding in his mind’s eye. He’ll stop to stretch with a…
“Why would they let you kill him, though?” Sherlock mumbles, more to himself than anyone else. “A living POW is priceless.”
Dr. Williams had asked that the family gather to meet with her at 11:30 am, but Sherlock and John are the only ones in William’s room when they arrive. The man in the bed looks solemn and peaceful. They’ve barely settled in when there’s a knock on the door.
“That’s not uncommon, for guest speakers to feel somewhat intimidated by speaking in universities, but don’t let that deter you. Worst-case scenario, you earn a return trip to Austria. If you don’t mind the freezing temperatures, it’s lovely this time of year.”
“Isn’t this what you wanted, hmm?” He lowers his voice in frustration and moves close enough to feel her breath. “Mary and John,
“The credit card report does include a charge for an escort service, as well as a hotel room at The Bianca.” Lestrade calls over as he reads on.
“Hmmm.” Sherlock smiles, realizing he’s onto something. “What did he have on you? Let’s see. Your oldest son. Died smuggling drugs into Syria. No. That’s not it.” Sherlock takes a deep breath. “You have a second family in Egypt, a wife you haven’t seen in years, and that’s why you tried to leave for Egypt—you have a small house somewhere near the border.”
He’s not equipped in any way to provide happiness. All he can hope to offer is help in taming the assassin Mary Watson; working with her to help Mother and Wife Mary Watson to protect her family and keep them safe.
“Didn’t you say you thought he was dead, too?” John crosses his arms. “Maybe he wasn’t the only one.”
“I know it’s hard... for me, too.” John assures him. “But we need to do this. We need to be… honest with each other, for once. What do you want, Sherlock?”
“I don’t know yet. This group leaves for two months, but people usually find another group, or continue to another country.”
He’s so tired of being left out. He’s been so honest this past week, wearing his heart on his sleeve. After everything they’ve been through, doesn’t he deserve some answers of his own?
“That’s exactly what this was, mate. Whose war were we fighting over there?” David says. “What right do I, a regular bloke from Glasgow, have to go and tell the bloody Afghans how to live their lives? Enforce democracy on them? They want to fight? Let them! What right did we have going in there like some Spanish conquistadors?”
He shakes his head in astonishment at his own libido. He needs to get a grip. He must and he will, he thinks resolutely.
He’s mad at Sherlock, who so easily disregarded everything they talked about. John thought he spoke so clearly and Sherlock promised. He promised.
and often all the man can handle, anyway. Sherlock had made some truly awful accusations, bared his soul, and yet here stands a bright-eyed, bushy-tailed John, as though nothing had ever happened.
Dr. Williams stopped by to check on William and chat with John, going over his latest test results and general progress. Sherlock joined in on the conversation and asked for opinions on a hospice she mentioned the previous day.
There’s not an ounce of comfort in them now, not as he stands by the window overlooking Baker Street. He’d said goodbye to it all; made amends with never coming back here. Buried the whole of it deep behind the scar tissue that has long been standing for a heart in his chest.
He stares down at teh document, hoping to make some sense of the words. He can't, because there it is again. The always present, nagging worry in his head.
“Sign it for me, will you?” the minister says, laying her bag on her desk. She juts her chin at a timorous looking man standing by the door, his lanyard crooked and his hands clutching a pile of papers as though for dear life. “Who’s…?”
“Well, it’s not your decision to make.” John straightens his back in defiant petulance. “You can’t force me to go back to her. I’m not doing that.”
“He really was special, wasn’t he?” John asks and his mouth turns downward when he realizes his words caused Sherlock to look down, closing his eyes in pain.
Rosie is in a good mood, babbling and laughing at dogs and people as they pass them along. They’re on Marylebone Road, about to round the corner to Baker Street on their way to 221B. They usually stop by to say hello and ask Sherlock to join them.
Sherlock is on his side and glued to the farthest point on the mattress, his back to John. It’s a closed-off stance if John had ever seen one, but at least he’s here and attempting to rest.
Radioactive Trees In A Red Forest by Maribor_Petrichor is a novella length, 200K+ words 8th wonder of the world. It's the angsty-est of angst. Buckle up before you read that one because it's a thoroughly bumpy ride.
“Oh, yeah.” John clears his throat, the topic suddenly making him inexplicably uncomfortable. “Yeah, a headhunter reached out to her.”
He needs every bit of data he can find about David, his section, the compound he was abducted from, his abductors, and of course—Abu Nazir.
“Maybe Sherlock-” Mrs. Holmes begins saying before the man himself lets his suffering be known with a loud exhale.
Of course he’d regret coming back after a great grand tour. After everything he must have been through, coming back to Baker Street must have seemed so quaint. If he’s perfectly honest, John, in his heart of hearts, still thinks of himself as the roughened Captain, soldiering on in the sands of Maiwand. He misses those days, of course he does, but he’d thought he’d found an appropriate replacement for it in Sherlock.
Sherlock says nothing. He'd hoped John had watched the damn thing so they could just be over with it.
John forsakes the idea of a cab and heads towards the nearest tube station. Something’s up. He just doesn’t know what.
“Or maybe we could hold our own private meeting out here?” David asks. “Seems like neither of us is very anxious to go in, anyway. Truth is I’m only here because I promised my wife I’d do it. She says I should talk to someone.”
“Excellent,” another officer says. “Corporal, I’m Captain Jenkins and I’m the lead analyst in our Afghanistan section. I’d like to start with a few questions about the day of your capture. Were you briefed on possible breaches in your compound that day?”
“Easy for you to say, English Lit. Maybe I should just tell Rachel I can’t do it. I think it’s… I think it’s too soon.”
Mycroft is only two or three steps behind her, his nose buried in his phone. When he raises his eyes he joins his mother in reading the situation, his face inscrutable but for the beginning of a knowing smirk.
With a nod at the man’s blessing, Sherlock loses track of the rest of the conversation as Mycroft and Saul discuss the situation in Crimea, and whatever it is that the Chinese are up to these days. Pacing back and forth across the room, he spends a good deal of time memorizing the details in the dossier; there's no way he'll be able to keep it, given how classified this is. In his preoccupation with the task at hand—cramming the list of dates, names and locations into his Mind Palace—he misses the sound of steps on the stairs and the faint knock on the door.
“Mmmph.” John hums, unphased. He has his mouth on one nipple and a hand down Sherlock’s pants after all (it couldn’t be helped).
“Magnussen?” Mycroft crosses his legs. “It crossed my mind, too, but she never worked for him in any capacity. She wouldn’t. Magnussen had become
“Yes. It’s important to have clear boundaries and definitions with people. For my sake as well as others’.”
“No. I don’t know. Is it?” John looks up, just as confused. Before Sherlock has a chance to respond he shoves a pair of chopsticks in his hands. “Eat up. Come on.”
Putting his mental shields back up, Sherlock stands and walks to find John passed out on the stairs. He treads them lightly, hoping John didn’t wake up Mrs. Hudson when he came in. He lifts John up by his arms, his stomach objecting to the heavy weight he shouldn't be carrying during recovery. But what choice does he have? He’s the one who brought John to the edge; he was the weak one, the one who saw something he knew he could never have, shouldn’t have, and took what he could greedily.
I'm doing my best to address issues in John and Sherlock's relationships that I feel aren't necessarily addressed in other s4 fix-it fics. I hope you find this refreshing, rather than boring.
“Sherlock?” Lestrade asks and the man barely nods back, confirming the details. “I’m sorry to hear about your father.”
John sniffs again, swallowing down the unease he’s been carrying throughout the day discovering the sad life the Captain has been leading since his return, wounded and hurt, from the war.
He leaves the capital city and goes back to his hideout, away from the main streets. Eva had sent him here in vain. They were hoping to prove that the lion’s share of Moriarty’s money laundering operations was done right here, in these streets. By the time he landed the entire operation was... gone.
Being locked inside 221B meant he’d lost track of time. He’d been making plans regarding Magnussen since the day he was released from hospital, and everything is in motion; they’re ready to go once everyone gathers at his parents’ house.
And then there’s a blinding flash before he gets a chance to decide whether he’s ready or not, and then another, and he swallows hard when the world begins to slowly spin around him.
John looks up at Mycroft, his sharp, inquisitive eyes scanning the scene on the bed. Slowly, reluctantly, John wipes his face but doesn’t move, hoping that Sherlock’s dismissal might actually do the trick for once.
“He is, it’s infuriating.” The answer does nothing to prevent his brother from raising an eyebrow. “It’s research,” Sherlock lies, throwing them both into a pregnant impasse. The silence drags on long enough for Sherlock to break first, squirming in his chair.
His mind goes back to the period immediately after Eurus. Sherlock’s mother was furious, distraught - justifiedly so. She was the one who did all the talking, spoke harshly. His father was quiet. To John he looked introspective at the time. Maybe in shock, John remembers speculating. Looking back on it, John now sees that silence for what it was.
He thought Sherlock grieved over Irene Adler, but that wasn’t real, was it? Sherlock had known then that she was still alive. He knows Sherlock grieved over Mary but he wasn’t there to be a part of it. He shut him out back then. Not that he would have been much help, what with the shell of a man he was at the time.
Alison walks into the bedroom with a cup of tea. She sits next to David on the bed. He’s relaxed now, albeit hunched in defeat at the end of the mattress. Their backs are, unbeknownst to them, turned to the camera.
“Thank you for agreeing to talk to me,” John says. “I wasn’t sure if it’s considered proper but I thought I’d give it a try.”
Sherlock’s confession about his and Mary’s cold war over his heart turned this conversation into a battle zone instead of a celebration.
He doesn’t speak up; perhaps he’d learned from his experiences with Future Collective, who reported his questionable behaviour to his caseworker at
“Of course,” Sherlock says amiably enough, holding back the urge to dismiss the pleasantries. He had, after all, prepared for this; Lottie isn’t a client. For the first time in a long while since anything of that sort had happened, Sherlock needed to be on
John wakes at 7:30, his brain expecting and noticing the lack of Rosie’s morning babble. He would have panicked if not for the sensation of a tall, limp heat source on his right.
“Of course I am. Christmas is coming up. Someone needs to stop Mycroft from eating all that cake,” Sherlock says, moving quickly around the many items waiting to be packed. “When I come back…”
“Yes.” David says wearily. Sherlock can see the tells of David’s previous night’s misadventure - the hangover, the aching knuckles, the slouchy shoulders following his argument with Alison over his drunken state. Sherlock watched a live show of it this morning on the screens in his bolthole.
“I wanted to warn him,” Sherlock says, repeating the story about the evidence Lestrade handed him yesterday.
He hangs behind, letting her gain some distance as she walks down the street. Stealing one last glance at the house, he sees the light in the attic come on. Wincing once again at this permanent blind spot, he sighs and follows.
“No, mate. He’s living on the streets up in Marlow most of the time. They’re saying he’s bipolar.” Collins assures him. “Besides, he’s an arse. He always has been. Come on, I promised Al I’d put you in a cab home.”
As soon as the ground isn't wobbly under his feet anymore, he turns to examine his reflection in the building’s glass door. Nodding tightly to himself, he struts inside.
“Part time, for now. For a couple of months, at least. An adjustment period for Rosie’s sake,” she says. “They’re very considerate.”
Sherlock covered his eyes as he came, and John is praying that’s not a bad sign. He rubs his nose against Sherlock’s cheek in silent expectation.
Gabriel flinches for a nanosecond but stares back coldly. The hard stare transports John to a life-changing conversation in 221B, watching Mary’s piercing eyes losing their warmth as Sherlock unfolded her secrets in front of John.
"Thank you, Mr. Holmes, good luck,” Saul says, ducking his head to take a good look at the girl. “Be good, bubala.”
“The nun’s case.” Sherlock says. “I’ll help the independent investigators solve it if they'll agree not to include any mention of you or your father in their documentary.”
After less than twenty minutes of pretending to kip on the couch to entice Rosie to sleep, John too falls asleep. The baby rests comfortably against his chest, their snores combining in a soft symphony.
“God, I fucking hated her. Good.” John says, thrusting his cock further into Sherlock’s hands, urging him for more. “Good. Because you’re mine. No one will ever touch you again, do you hear me?”
“Right,” she says, some sort of realization finally landing. What that realization is, Sherlock thinks, is the most interesting part of this rotten day. “Right, of course. Thank you,” she rallies, turning to Mrs. Hudson, then to Sherlock. “Thank you for seeing me. It was good to see you again, Dr. Watson.”
"The thing is, with Mary, I need help. I need… leverage. Between her and Sherlock, it's very hard for a man like me to find anything of the sort."
“Am I clear, Mr. Holmes?” Edwin hurls loudly at him again, and Sherlock can’t take it anymore. He hurries out of the room, as though chased by arrows of betrayal.
Rosie is wailing in his arms, thoroughly unimpressed by his jittery efforts. He tries talking to her in his most soothing voice, looking into her eyes. "That's enough, Watson. Your father will be back in no time."
The elderly neighbour across the street moves to his own window dragging one leg after the other, slowly, slowly. The man draws an old, sturdy chair behind him and settles in it, nodding at Sherlock—
“I didn’t ask your father’s permission to do this, but it’s Christmas so I don’t think he’ll mind.” James says and pulls out a small tablet of chocolate, offering it to Rosie. She grabs it with enthusiasm.
“‘Round noon,” the man says, holding his hand out in expectation. “Said he wasn’ coming back ‘ere tonight, so I wouldn’t ‘old my breath.”
“I’m… I’m sorry, Sherlock.” He says, for lack of anything else can say in such a situation. “Your mother invited me to join you. Thank you. I suppose you have arrangements to make, funeral and all that.”
John’s brain freezes as he thinks back to every man he ever passed by in the club. Then he realizes he has no idea where Sherlock learned about his army nickname, so he deflects the conversation away from any friends of Mycroft’s who once kissed Sherlock Holmes, holding that thought for later.
“Why don’t we step inside so you can tell us more about that.” Lestrade says and nods towards Gabriel’s room.
“Wassup?” John blurts from a sleep-addled brain. When Sherlock doesn’t say anything, he raises the duvet. “Come here.” As if awoken from a magic spell Sherlock launches into movement. He crawls into the sheets and takes the same position as he did last night; his back to John, far away.
“Nobody, Mummy, we’re recording this,” Lottie says. “But I’ll send the recording to Sherlock Holmes later.”
"I asked for forgiveness, yes," John says. "I've been working on that with Ella since Mary died. I attended… two anger management courses. One basic, one specific to parents with anger issues. Ella and I are currently working on additional techniques she developed to help me control my anger."
They drive, rather than walk, using Mrs. Holmes' car. The drive is longer than expected, John realized. The village is not as small as thought it to be. Sherlock's driving without a map, clearly recollecting small paths and unpaved roads. John can see that he scans the houses and the people walking by. He wonders how much Sherlock remembers from this place; whether he recognizes old faces or noticing new ones. Is this a nostalgic drive for him? Is he uncomfortable here as he seems to be uncomfortable in most places?
If anything, Mycroft should be the one who gets the brunt of the blame, both by his parents as well as Sherlock. But John supposes there is a long family history full of anger and pain, one he’s never been privy to, that led them where they are right now.
“Of course.” Sherlock looks at him incredulously. “That means we’re on to something. Somebody is cleaning house.”
“I’m still not entirely sure they’re as non-existent as you claim them to be,” Sherlock says. “You’ve been wrong about these things before.”
His journey to the Yard during rush hour turns out to be a fool's errand, one he regrets instantly. The 18-minute ride becomes a tortuous three-quarters of an hour—ample time to wallow in self-pity. As soon as the cab approaches the kerb Sherlock leaps out, gasping for air and a bit of much-needed privacy. It's enough to have one doctor physically prodding him on a good day, let alone another attempting to do the same with his emotions.
“Special Operations are working on that right now,” Lestrade says with a nod, pointing at the photos with his chin. “Thought it was you for a moment. Wears his collar up like a prick.”
In exchange for the money, Mary hands over a handful of fake medical documents along with two passports.
John squirms in his seat, releasing his grip on the wheel in an attempt to will away his nerves. A tense silence fills the car, rough and unrelenting. It tears at his chest as he watches David’s car corner one street, then another.
“I thought I’d surprise you,” Sherlock explains, a twinkle of mirth in his eyes. “Like they do in the movies.”
More than twelve hours after receiving them, Mycroft finds two texts from John; short but terse, just like the man himself.
Sherlock grinds at thin air, now that John moved his body away. He looks John deep in his eyes, moaning in surprise at John’s question blunt.
After a while Mycroft retires as well, citing important business (there were mumblings about Bosnia and re-elections).
He’s downright bereft when Sherlock leaves his side mid-dance, taking with him the comforting wall of heat his body is.
John smiles as he looks at the photo, then places it right in the middle of the mantle. The photo, just like the man the small child in it had grown into, becomes the focus of the cold, bare room.
“Oh, I’m so sorry.“ Mrs. Warthington says when Sherlock breaks the news. “He was a dear. This one’s on me.” She says and points at the tree.
“And I don’t deserve your kind words. I don’t deserve any of this. Not considering the way I… I owe you an apology.”
“That’s been working well for both of you. No, that’s not true, but we don’t have time to get into that.” David chuckles. “But dynamics can and should change, even if only temporarily. I sense that Sherlock panicked, left, and then panicked again. He has absolutely no idea where the two of you stand now. It’s hard for him to read the situation. My advice to you is to stick with your original plan - ask for what you need. Be as open and honest as you can be. Help him channel his worries and insecurities into productive actions. I don’t mean that you should pressure him to come back before he chooses to. But just as before, make a point to become a part of this journey.”
“Miri called me.” Alexander says. “Our… his. His housekeeper. He didn’t come home and she couldn’t reach him. She tried me instead. I’m not sure she’s aware of the divorce yet.”
“What did you think he was doing when he was gone, that first time?” Mary's eyes narrow, scanning John's face intently. “Helping Hungarian grannies cross the street? Selling biscuits in Turkey?”
Mary makes her way down the blue-lit corridors, her eyes tracking the marine life through the transparent glass of the underground tunnels. The alien quality of the place is overpowering; the sounds of her footsteps bouncing off the empty corridors.
“That’s great, John. That’s a powerful insight and I’m glad you shared it. Sherlock, would you like to say anything?”
“Listen, there’s something I haven’t told you about that,” She says hesitantly, shuffling her legs. “The Hanwell surgery is a free clinic. It’s run by Doctors without Borders, you know. For refugees, shelter seekers.”
Alison watches David intently for a while as he browses through the few items in the box, smiling distractedly. “David?”
“But he did leave, and I see that as a sign of struggle. He made great progress so far but it’s possible that he felt like things were becoming too much. John, are you alright?”
“He was beaten to death, Rachel,” David blurts out quickly. “Right in front of my eyes. I held him in my arms as he was taking his last breaths.”
“No, we did not, and no, we are not about to. No need to be crass, Dr. Watson. As I said, Sherlock has done fantastic work.” Mycroft winces. “We are simply trying to get a hold on an unforeseen situation, and it appears that we could use your help.”
They nod their way into a mutual sulk, staring out their respective windows for the remainder of the long drive.
“It’s… not,” John sighs. “Honestly, I didn’t know what to expect. Not at all. It’s exhausting and terrifying—”
“Isn’t that what you people do every once in a while?” Sherlock asks, though he’s not really listening.
Alison doesn’t say a word to David when the conversation is over; the two had been barely speaking since the truth about Jonathan and Henry came out. The argument ended with an impasse, together with David’s promise to at least try and visit a support group.
“They said we went there to save them, and yeah, it seemed like it at the beginning. When we first came in, the children would greet us with rice,” David says. “But then I had to aim my gun at those children when they shot RPGs at us. I mean young children. Ten, eleven years old, and their missiles killed some of my best friends. I never signed up for that. Never, mate.”
The events of this week—their conversation on the roof, the one in which Sherlock’s anger had slipped so spectacularly through the proverbial cracks, and John’s botched evening with David—had sent John away for several days. He hadn’t heard from him since. He supposes that’s a good thing. That was the purpose, after all.
