“I’m not armed” Sherlock reassured “you can check if you want” the man stared at him for a moment before nodding, a single sharp jerk of his head. Sherlock stayed still as the man unfurled in front of him, shuffling forward until he was level with Sherlock and then patted him down roughly, moving his coat out of the way as he ran his hands over him, feeling for a concealed weapon. Satisfied, he sat back down on his heels. He didn’t look any more at ease though.
He had noticed the nightmares as soon as he had moved back in, nearly three weeks ago now, but he didn’t know what to do to help. Their relationship was still strained, frayed by uncertainty and burdened by doubt and betrayal. They had not yet recovered from all that had happened over the last few years; The Fall, Mary and then the whole situation with Magnussen… and then what Mary had done to Sherlock. John grimaced at the memory, his jaw clenching as if he could ward off the thought. He no longer knew what part he played in Sherlock’s life. He desperately wanted to be there for Sherlock, but he didn’t know whether he would be welcomed in that role. And so here he was, night after night, bearing witness to Sherlock’s pain. John knew what it was like to be afraid of sleep, to know that the demons were waiting there, ready to attack with fear-laced barbs as soon as eyelids fluttered closed. He knew, intimately, the blind horror of waking up panting not knowing, for a moment, what was real and what was imagined. John had been there. And those first few months after Afghanistan were hideous. Nothing had seemed to help him, save perhaps time. Eventually, it seemed, his nightmares began to recede on their own. Maybe the same would hold true for Sherlock? John hoped so.
“No” Lestrade decided “We don’t want to overwhelm the poor guy. I think we are going to have to trust Sherlock on this one. But I swear I’m going to kill him later.”
“S’alright, I’ve got you.” He took him in, more confidently this time, appreciating the weight of Sherlock on his tongue. He tightened his grip, a little thrill racing down his spine with each aborted thrust that slipped through Sherlock’s self-control. It was if John had found a loose thread and by giving it just a little tug Sherlock was unravelling so completely in John’s arms. He was so exquisitely responsive. A fine sheen of swear lay across his skin, his thighs tensed and trembling with the effort of keeping still. His head was thrown back against the pillows, his eyes squeezed shut. And the noises he made; the low purring rumble, breathless panting, and oh those moans. They shot straight to his cock. John rocked his own hips against the bed as he released Sherlock, sliding down to kiss at his thighs, sucking and licking, tasting Sherlock, breathing him in. Sherlock gasped beneath him as he set his teeth gently against the delicate skin there.
Another hoarse cry, cracked and broken, tore through the flat, followed almost immediately by another, more laden with desperation than the first. John jerked upright in his bed, throwing the covers away from him. He hesitated for only a moment before swinging himself out of bed. He couldn’t do this. He
“Sherlock!” Lestrade was glaring at him in exasperation. “Are you even listening to me? This isn’t up for negotiation.”
“Lestrade” Sherlock hissed, keeping his voice low “I will come round tomorrow morning first thing and I will do anything you ask of me. But right now, can you let us go?”
John came back to himself. Sherlock’s arm had snaked around his waist, holding him close. John felt the gentle smile on Sherlock’s lips as he pressed a kiss to John’s head. John felt warmth suffusing through him and he leant down to kiss Sherlock properly, capturing his bottom lip between his teeth and sucking gently. Was it possible to convey the absolute depths of what he was feeling with a simple press of lips and slide of skin? John didn’t know but he was willing to try.
The moment stretched out, spinning a delicate cocoon from the admissions that had spilled forth from hearts that could no longer bear the strain. It clung to them, like silk, as they succumbed, once again, to sleep. And the day rushed in, until John and Sherlock were bathed in golden sunlight. It dappled brightly on the ceiling, dancing cheerily, the roar of buses and taxis and commuters, the lull of conversation outside- clipped staccato blending seamlessly with a lyrical lilt as words rolled, eager, off tongues. Life continued on completely oblivious to the momentum of what was unfolding in one small flat in Baker Street.
Sherlock offered a small smile before turning back to John. They walked in silence until they turned onto a busy street where Sherlock managed to flag down a cab in record time. He opened the door and swung himself inside, gesturing for John to follow. John hesitated for a moment.
I followed John to therapy the next day. I needed to make sure that he was going be ok. My consciousness had been fraying over the last couple of days and I was finding it harder and harder to focus, my mind scattered and disorientated. I expected I didn’t have long left and I needed to make sure John was going to be alright.
“Let me.” John murmured his voice rough. He reached for Sherlock’s t-shirt and pushed it up, leaning down to kiss at the newly revealed skin of his stomach, then his chest. John glanced up, his lips twitching and a smile catching in his eyes as his tongue darted out brushing over his nipple. Sherlock groaned, his hand flying up to cradle the back of John’s head as he watched him touch and taste. John hummed appreciatively and did it again, swirling his tongue around it. He placed a single open mouthed kiss and then drew away.
Note: the fic is complete minus this additional chapter, which is responsible for the change in the rating. If you want the story to remain strictly SFW then you are more than welcome to give this epilogue a miss!
“Hey, hey, easy.” John protested when the wolf tried to stand, although he still did not interfere. He swallowed anxiously when the wolf plopped down on the floor once more, noticing how it hurt to use its injured leg. The wolf almost seemed upset and seeing it like this was nearly as frightening as seeing him as this giant beast. It was still Sherlock, right? Sherlock never showed his emotions, especially if he was upset or sad. The man he knew would never admit to such an emotion.  As much as he wanted to comfort his friend, he couldn’t risk touching the wolf until he was certain it was safe. It was vulnerable with its injured arm. John knew that he had to treat the situation with the same care as if he was approaching a potentially dangerous and injured animal in the wild. He set his hand back down on his knee, lowering his head to look at the wolf’s face, looking into the blue eyes, Sherlock’s eyes. “Sherlock...” he said slowly, getting down low, not wanting to be seen as any sort of threat if this wasn’t his friend. “Is that... is that you? Can you understand me?” his voice was slow and quiet.
John sighed at the look he was receiving, leaning against the door frame he watched Sherlock stare at him. “What?” he asked after a minute of silence as he raised his eyebrows defensively. He thought it was difficult to read Sherlock at the best of times but this was even harder. The tail wagging and ear movements had been helpful in understand how Sherlock was feeling beforehand but now he was completely still. He couldn’t even tell if Sherlock was thinking at all. “Did I make you mad or something? Are you angry with me?”
I'm incredibly sorry for the insane time gap between when I last posted, there's a whole story around that which I'll explain at the end but if anyone at all is still interested in this story you should all know that I've made the executive decision to delete the chapters surrounding the case. Personally I felt it was just a massive side track from the story I am trying to tell. Maybe I'll write it up again one day and publish it separately.
“That’s beside the point, Sherlock. You can’t do this! We’re barely going to make it home in time; you need to be more careful!” John argued back, sighing as Sherlock led him down an alleyway – he really wasn’t in the mood for one of Sherlock’s shortcuts. He just wanted to get home, he didn’t want to have to climb over any buildings or break into any flats on the way. The evening was bound to be difficult anyway; his only hope for getting through it would be a nice cuppa in his chair.
“I’m in shock and have formed an emotional attachment to this blanket,” John interjected, wriggling himself further into the fabric. “Happens all the time.”
As he approached his table, he saw John talking with Irene, the brunette president of the LGBT society leaning over the counter to pass up a hefty pile of paper, posters on the bottom and smaller cards on top. His heart flipped in his chest, but knowing Molly was going to accompany him beat down most of the nerves, and he turned his eyes away, focusing instead on the notebook he’d left lying open in front of him. What he hadn’t left was the folded sheet of white paper sitting on top, and quickly snatched it to him, eyes once more searching frantically around.
John’s mouth was tightening into a line, but Sherlock leaned between them before he could say anything he’d regret.
with himself! There were no cases on, the weather was far too miserable to occupy himself out of doors, and he’d watched so much television the past few days, everything was a rerun to him now, so he’d taken to sulking, playing his violin or drifting off into his mind palace for hours on end. He knew Mrs. Hudson was worried, bringing him plate after plate of food he never ate and always ensuring there was a hot cup of tea next to him, but he could not even muster up the energy to feign normality to put her mind at ease.
“I thought I’d buy today,” Molly said, shrugging as Sherlock looked up at her, “since you got me my book and everything.”
caught you off guard here”—Sherlock’s lips trembled into a smile, and John’s shoulders slumped with relief—“so…tell you what—well, first of all, are you free tomorrow morning?”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at the obvious taunt as John crossed his arms, his eyebrows lifting in an unspoken dare. “How am I supposed to be prepared for class if you don’t read it aloud?”
“Good thing you have plenty of time to read the chapter too, then,” he snipped, and Elliot’s eyes narrowed.
“Worse!?” John spluttered, eyes wide. “Sherlock, there is a maniac out there painting a target on my back in other people’s
John followed Sherlock into the bathroom, where Lestrade was standing beside the tub wearing a grey suit and blue covers over his shoes.
“Oh, er, sorry,” he panted, head still spinning, and the woman’s demeanor quickly shifted from aggressive to curious as her eyes scanned up and down his trembling frame.
Sherlock’s touch was soft against John’s skin, his long, skeletal fingers looking even paler contrasted with John’s under the green-hued, fluorescent lights. John wondered whether he had poor circulation, but knew better than to suggest anything about Sherlock was below average, or even below exceptional.
He moved back out into the corridor, traversing the remainder of it with silent steps before reaching the dorm. The door was, surprisingly, unlocked, and he rolled his eyes at the fact that tonight, of all nights, was when John picked to relax his vigilance.
John smiled, shifting forward to graze his left hand down Sherlock’s arm. “Thanks, Sherlock,” he said, smile brightening as Sherlock looked up tentatively. “It’s-It’s good to know. Good to see her,” he added, bobbing the phone in his hand. The picture had disappeared, however, and John hit the button to unlock the screen, something catching his eye as he went to swipe across the surface.
John brightened suddenly, halting his advance and standing up straight, a giddy grin on his face that sent Sebastian into a spasm of wincing. “So,” he chirped, clapping his hands, and the man jumped, “any questions? Comments?”
“What? No,” John snapped, rattling his head as he stepped into the room, perching on the edge of his bed, elbows digging into his thighs as his fingers pushed up into his hair. “I didn’t even know we were
Sherlock chuckled as he looked down, rocking on his heels. “You do realize you sound a bit mad, don’t you?”
,” he argued, and Mike rolled his eyes. “Someone could’ve put in the order as a joke. Those are probably poisoned.”
He glanced over Sherlock’s face, and then twitched a small smile, leaning forward to hook his fingers into Sherlock’s jumper. He gave a small tug, and that was all the encouragement Sherlock needed, crawling up the bed to flop down at John’s side. John chuckled, slipping an arm in behind Sherlock’s neck as the detective bounced against the pillows to situate himself, finally getting comfortable settled atop John’s bicep, his head slightly turned to rest against the blond’s shoulder.
Sherlock blinked, his smug smile collapsing. “That might have done it,” he admitted, the muttered words running together.
Sherlock turned to face the door, but found it blocked by a figure lying beside him on the bed, though his mind quickly noted there was no corresponding dip in the mattress. “John?” he murmured sleepily, hardly recognizing the name as it hummed off his tongue, and the blond chuckled, shaking his head where it was propped up on his palm, elbow bent to hold him aloft as he looked fondly down.
“Well, I’d hate to be the cause of that,” John agreed, and Sherlock grinned, yanking the door open and holding it for John to climb in first across the seat.
John awoke the next morning with a distressed groan, rolling away from the window and tugging the blankets up over his eyes. He had been up far too late burning crisps with Sherlock, and his roommate had still been at it when John had turned in at 2am. Maybe Sherlock was lucky enough to not have double biology first thing in the morning, though.
“John didn’t have anything to do with it,” he continued calmly, because there was always a moment of truth, and it might as well be now if it was going to be ever. “You know that. I’ve always been like this,” he said, shrugging helplessly as his father’s jaw clenched. “I came home from the first day of Year 2-”
Any Saturday night was always busy at the restaurant—a dress-code-enforced Italian establishment that required a foreign language degree and a limitless credit card to be able to eat at—but Valentine’s Day was the worst, something John felt fairly confident saying even though this was his first one on the job. The lighting was even dimmer than usual, their all-black uniforms nearly disappearing in the gloom, which, he supposed, was probably the point. Meticulously arranged low vases of roses and baby’s breath sat in the center of every table, the thorn-cuts on his fingers still stinging at the memory, and there were candles
“John?” Sherlock inquired, brow creasing down at him. “Why are you-” he started, and then stopped, eyes flicking to the intruder.
Sherlock beamed, leaping down from the chair and following after him. “With chocolate chips?” he gushed, and Mycroft laughed, throwing his head back as he swung open the painted white door.
“You know what I mean,” he hissed, drawing nearer as a group of laughing students passed them. “You looked, I dunno…off.”
“What happened to dancing ‘til morning?” Sherlock teased, and John tipped his chin up to glare at him before peeling himself up straight again.
, and he twisted a pointed glare up at Sherlock as he took the drive. “I’m sure this will be very helpful.”
It's inauguration day here in America, and I think we could all do with a laugh, so have some next-level unilock squad. They're helping. Honest.
“Why?” he questioned, not exactly devastated that John wasn’t wooing London that night, but curious all the same.
John tried not to grin too stupidly, but it was no doubt a near thing, and it was probably to everyone’s benefit that no one was passing through the corridor at that moment, as it would have been all-too-blatant how much he wanted to kiss his roommate breathless.
“Alan Gleason,” Sherlock said, a far-off look in his eyes as he nodded, face turned out toward the street. “He was in the year above me. I wonder if he still does that at uni.”
“I do,” he snapped, twisting on the spot, and Mycroft grew quiet, aggressive posture falling away. “If I had known, I would have acted like I’d seen
“Homeless network,” Sherlock replied with a dismissive wave of his hand, his fingers steepling beneath his chin as he stared down at the open file. “Much more reliable than the police. More knowledgeable, too. At least about things like this.”
“I-I could probably get tickets,” Molly said, John glancing up at her through his lashes. “Well, I mean, I know I
His eyes snapped open, head twisting toward the door as the past few minutes came rushing back to him, but John’s smile stalled the reply he hadn’t yet thought of, a hand stretching out to pass him his abandoned glass of water.
“I think you can take it from here,” Sherlock said, tugging his coat closed around him with a flick as he turned away.
John’s brows twitched together, his head tilting as his mouth made to open, and then he stilled, dawning comprehension swiping across his features, and that was all Sherlock needed to see.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” he snipped, and Sherlock quirked a brow, peering at him out of the corner of his eye.
“John, you really have to stop,” he said, remarkably in control of himself considering John’s cock was bobbing in front of his face. “I’m a virgin, not some fragile damsel in distress.”
John rattled his head as they neared the door of the incident room Lestrade had set up for him, and he supposed he owed the man the “good news” sooner rather than later, considering the knowing smiles and smart remarks he’d had to deal with when he came up with this idea those couple weeks ago. They’d figure it out, Sherlock and him. Making decisions together. How mature.
He glared at the back of her head, and then turned his eyes to the door of the apartment that was stealing her.
What if Sherlock didn’t like it? What if it was so awful, so off the mark, Sherlock decided he didn’t want John after all, that he would rather keep his dorm and his Christmas and his bees all to himself?
He looked much the same as he had last night, in fact, his shirtsleeves still rumpled and rolled to his elbows, and John wondered briefly if he had even changed. He’d added the grey, cotton sweater vest that was required with the school uniform, but had neglected the royal blue tie, even going so far as to undo his top button.
“Nothing,” John mumbled, but he chuckled as he went back to his food, and Sherlock’s chest unclenched in relief. “I’m just trying to decide if you’re brilliant or barmy.”
Sherlock laughed, enamored of her immediately, his affection only growing as she flashed him a devilish wink.
“Wait a minute,” he said, stopping in the corridor, his eyes scanning John with a puzzled expression. “Where’s your rugby jacket? You were wearing it before the game.”
Slowly, Sherlock let the smile slip off his face, dropping his eyes down to his fingers as they tugged at an errant thread coming loose from the top of his sock.
“Wait, what?” he interjected, lifting a hand between them as he hastily swallowed a bite of crust. “A-A murder? Why are you solving a murder?”
“Well, let me know,” he tossed over his shoulder, waving a hand. “Can’t have you fainting on me. Bad for business.”
“What? No I wasn’t.” John wrenched his arm back, tugging at the coat to turn it as he placed his chin on his shoulder, stretching to peer down at the damage. “Oh, look at that,” he practically chirped, fingers pushing into the newfound hole, “I guess I was.”
murdered, and again when he was dragged in here, most likely by a male and a female. There are black fibers under his arms, as well as a fingernail mark on his calf. My money’s on the secretary they were supposedly fighting about, as well as some close male acquaintance—probably an old boyfriend. What better way to get revenge than to kill your lover and frame the wife he won’t leave for you?”
“What the- Sherlock! Sherlock, what are you doing!?” He clamored up after him, reaching the landing just seconds after his bedroom door thwacked open against the wall.
“Don’t you have a bank robbery to foil or something?” Sherlock grumbled, and Greg smiled, shaking his head and leaning back, as if to signal the dropping of the topic.
“I have to get up early too,” he said, and it was a mark of how tired John was that he didn’t immediately realize Sherlock was referring to his early shift at the café. “Probably should call it a night.”
“Goodnight, John,” Sherlock said, the smile in his voice made visible behind John’s closed eyelids, and John sighed, wriggling deeper into the warm cotton of his pillow.
“What?” Sherlock asked, sending the piñata flailing away in a dizzying rotation as he turned to the blond.
awhile back. The kind of things that never really go away, that you never completely get past.” He said it slowly, purposefully pressing meaning into every syllable.
“Okay then,” Harry clipped, positively swaggering up to Sherlock’s opposite side, “how long have you two been
? Once again, John’s earlier suspicions rushed to the forefront of his mind, Molly’s words of encouragement not enough to keep the doubt at bay, and he dropped his gaze to his shoes, swallowing against the bitterness climbing in his throat.
“Put this on,” he ordered, waving a red bundle of fabric at him, and Sherlock frowned, his speech dying on his tongue.
John smiled. “Right. Thanks,” he added with a wave as he departed, not entirely sure what he was thanking the sergeant for, but feeling he should say it anyway.
“Oh, good,” he said with an ugly sneer, voice deceptively chipper. “It’s a he. Now, for my other 19 questions.”
“It was his aunt’s idea,” he invented, shrugging a shoulder as he turned off the tap, reaching to rip a paper towel off the roll and pat his wound dry. “She wanted them to take one of the
“Hmm?” John hummed, not quite as talented at nonchalance as Sherlock, but good enough to fool Mrs. Hudson, who had stopped as well and was now approaching with a puzzled expression.
Sherlock wasn’t aware of making the decision, or even considering it, but apparently he had, and whatever further backtracking John had in mind was abruptly cut off as Sherlock grabbed him by the chin, turning his face to catch his lips around a startled breath. It was a small kiss, brief and fairly chaste, the kind of thing you just have to
“I just- Really?” he spluttered again, face aching with the breadth of his smile, and then burst into giggles as Sherlock rattled his head, looking back to the window with a faint flush around the collar of his shirt.
with anything. And why would I use bee venom anyway? The effects of that are already widely documented.”
He threw the vial to the ground, crushing it firmly under his shoe as he crossed the aisle, wrenching the front of Victor’s shirt in his fist as he pulled the man up to his face, leaving his legs struggling for footing on the slick grass.
“Alright, I’ll come get you myself,” Lestrade said, crisp and official, though the recent discovery had clearly affected him, exhaustion and anxiety pulling at the edges of his voice. “I’m not far from there. See ya in ten,” he clipped, and the line went dead.
“It’s a game,” John interrupted before Sherlock got too belligerent. “One person looks around and picks something, and then they say to the other person—or people, I suppose—‘I spy with my little eye-”
“I won’t have any, so there’s no point worrying about it,” Sherlock dismissed with a wave of his hand. “I have no friends, and it’s not as if Mycroft or Mrs. Hudson will be popping in for a weekend.”
Sherlock tried to press his lips flat, ducking his head, but it evidently hadn’t been subtle enough, as John pointedly shouldered him in the arm as he passed. Sherlock slipped his hands into the pockets of his trench coat, walking at John’s side as they headed down the corridor, Harry poking her head up in between them.
Sherlock turned back from placing the key on the entry table to find John frozen just inside the closing door, which clicked shut with a soft thud that nevertheless echoed around the marble foyer.
“It’ll be fine,” he assured, a gentle smile flickering around his mouth, and John’s chest was unclenching before he had even entirely processed the words.
“No, you’re not, you don’t even know what you’re supposed to be sorry for,” Sherlock snapped, hardly making sense even to himself, and he pinched his eyes closed as his head hung between his knees, fingers kneading tight circles in his temples.
“I just ran into him upstairs. There’s something…” He trailed off, brow furrowing as he looked down at the grey, tile floor, shadowed by their bodies in the tight space. “I don’t know,” he sighed, shaking his head. “He’s just not quite right. I got a bad feeling off him.”
He blinked down at the bequeathed garment, breaths heaving swift and shaky, but his time had run out, and the barricade of shock finally crumbled away, a guttural sob tearing up from what could only be his soul. His head fell forward, pillowed against the soft fabric in his lap, and, as he sucked in air to fuel his rabid grief, he was accosted by scents, by the tidal wave of memories that flashed vivid in his mind’s eye as his lungs filled with tea and salt spray and freshly broken earth, and he collapsed onto his side, curling in on himself as he wept into the cloth. He couldn’t breathe, couldn’t think, couldn’t do a thing to stop it as the images pounded into him, blurring together as they spun like debris in the whirlwind of his tangled mind.
Sherlock hesitated a moment, teeth scraping over his lip as he looked nervously between John’s eyes. “Well,” he started, clearing his throat, “you know how-how I always know who the murderer is in your mum’s books? And-And in those movies you like?”
In spite of this focus, John still jumped when the toast popped, his head flinging back in alarm before he cleared his throat, the blush reigniting in his cheeks as he wriggled the bread free with his fingertips. “Do you, er…” he murmured, flapping the warm bread at him in offering, but Sherlock shook his head, prompting John to nod and drop the slice onto his own plate. He hesitated then, shifting his weight between his feet as he looked between the living room and the seat opposite Sherlock at the table, his fingers twitching in and out of fists at his side. “I don’t have to- I mean, if you’d rather I didn’t- I can go somewhere else,” he offered, waving vaguely toward the living room. “The other table, or-or upstairs.”
“Wait, you broke into his flat?!” John interjected, light drooping as his arm shifted in surprise, and Sherlock dropped his hands from the door, turning around with a frustrated huff.
okay, because if there was one thing John understood, it was the indelible hold addiction clasped onto its victims. “You told me,” he comforted, lifting a hand to cup gently at the side of Sherlock’s jaw. “You could’ve just not mentioned it, but you did. That counts for something, alright?” he urged, sweeping a thumb over Sherlock’s cheekbone, and, after a moment and a ragged breath, Sherlock nodded, eyes closing as he leaned his head back against the door, breathing slow and deep. John pulled his hand away, stepping back to the door. “I’ll be right back,” he promised, and, after a nod of acknowledgement from Sherlock, he opened the door, closing it behind him as he searched over the dorm.
Caught between a rock and a hard place, John was torn on how to proceed. Sherlock wasn’t pushing, and John doubted he ever would, but there was
“Pretty sure you heard me,” he replied softly, like the words belonged to just the two of them, the clinking of cups and steady mumble of conversation fading away as Sherlock gaped up at him. John smiled, brief but brilliant, and then walked past him, likely returning to his post behind the counter, but Sherlock couldn’t be sure, too stunned to so much as turn his head.
Violently, a wave of bile rushed up his throat, but he pushed it down, shaking his head against the damp jacket, his cheeks catching on the edges of the patches.
“No,” Irene assured, her face in his periphery also turning toward Sherlock’s room. “I don’t know what he wants, not really, but I know he told Moran Sherlock wasn’t to be harmed. That’s why he got so mad at him for shooting, because he knew Moran thought you were Sherlock.”
Sherlock sighed, spinning on the Persian rug and tugging his fingers through his curls as he paced back a few steps. “I don’t know!” he snarled, but his voice creaked a little. “I don’t know, but I think- I think-” His arms fell limply to his sides, his lips trembling over a shaky rattle of breath. Slowly, he turned, swallowing hard, eyes blinking at the front of the desk before lifting to Mycroft’s pale face. His shoulders rolled in a helpless shrugged as he sucked in air and courage. “Mycroft,” he breathed brokenly, “I need your help.”
He bit his lip, looking out across the corridor, the lab door open, John changing for practice in the room just beyond.
“Sherlock, don’t!” Anderson implored, expression earnest, but Sherlock quickly came back to himself, closing his gaping mouth as he tried to elbow the man away. “Stop! Sherlock, stop!”
“Come on,” she’d urged, nodding her head further down the bank, where another family of swans was bobbing for food near the shore. “I don’t think Harold would want that bread to go to waste.”
John laughed, throwing his head back into the sun, and Sherlock could not help that his lips twitched in contagion.
“Whadya think?” he asked, and Sherlock realized he was meant to be looking, quickly bending down to examine the mobile.
“Well how am I supposed to know?” John responded incredulously. “What do you normally do on full moons then, when you’re not a blood thirsty werewolf? Just... stay in the flat, watch telly or something?”
With the sun setting behind them and the alley way becoming increasingly darker by the second, Sherlock suddenly extended his arm in front of John to stop him. “Shh,” he commanded the doctor quietly.
Sherlock let out a dramatic sigh before angrily handing the phone back over to John before he curled himself up in his chair, sulking.
John ignored him, the two men sitting in silence for a few moments before John spoke up. “He’ll be okay though, won’t he?” he asked, turning to look at Mycroft.
The look on the detective’s face only made John more concerned. Past all the fur, he looked completely disgusted with himself and quite afraid. “Sherlock calm down.” John instructed as he slowly knelt in front of him. “I didn’t mean it in a... horrible way.” He tried to assure. “It’s good, Sherlock, really, it’s a good thing! This is how you should be acting, right?” he glanced back at the torn up remains of the meat and at the dark smudges it had left on the rug.
The soldier didn’t think he’d be able to stand, let alone run away, if he had tried; his socked heels prevented him from moving as much as he’d liked to. Since when had he been so easily frightened? John took sharp breaths through his nose before trying to speak. “S-Sherlock, its-it’s me, John.” The wolf let out a low growl and John held up his hands slowly in defence. “Please... It’s just me.” his voice was shaking and cracking uncontrollably, but he didn’t dare blink as the wolf moved ever closer.
“Sherlock...” he tried again, although it came out as a shaky whisper. He was too shocked by seeing the creature again to manage anything louder.
John remained quiet, sensing the urgency in which Sherlock wanted him to understand that it wasn’t, as the detective had put it, ‘like the movies’. It wasn’t something to seek out or yearn for; it was a curse and a horrible one at that. “So you can be turned with a bite is what you’re saying. Or it can be genetic?”
John clasped a hand over his mouth when he saw the wolf flinch, watching his ears twitch. He cut himself off immediately, taking in a breath and holding up his hands defensively. “I-I’m sorry.” he spoke in a much quieter tone as he watched Sherlock continue to lick his wound. He was disappointed not to receive an answer to his question at first, but that soon changed to worry. “Sherlock,” he repeated, frown deepening. He lifted a hand, about to reach out to Sherlock before he pulled it back, a sad expression on his face.
John realized he wasn’t in control of his body anymore as he had ended up at Sherlock’s side without realising it. He looked at his hands, one on Sherlock’s shoulder and one on the other’s hand, which was clinging tightly to the duvet cover. He blinked a few times, no longer the massive paw it had been a few moments ago with long claws. He forced himself to look at Sherlock’s face again, before hurriedly grabbing another blanket and throwing it over the detective’s pale form – not wanting to move him from the ground just yet.
Sherlock didn't understand any of this either, since when had it ever been this bad. He tried back tracking in his mind to see what could have caused the change, and then it hit him like a stone cold pavement. How could he have forgotten? How could
“Sounds like I should’ve let you scratch me, then. Another’s scar’s nothing; could do with the heightened senses, my hearing’s going a bit. Getting old I guess.” He said with a slight smile and chuckle, trying his best to be casual about it all but Sherlock wasn’t laughing. John took a breath in, clearing his throat awkwardly as he shuffled in his chair, reaching over to finish his tea.
The pain at this point pain had uncontrollably taken over Sherlock’s body. The detective’s chest began to heave as his rib cage began to expand; bones crunching and knitting themselves back together. His skin began to rip and shred gorily, dark fur pushing out from within his body. His sleek and elegant trousers began to tear off under the strain of the dense muscle that began to build around his legs and torso. His hands morphed into massive paws, his nails growing into deadly sharp weapons and his feet growing as they too became a mixture of fur and claw. Sherlock let out a groan of agony as his facial structure and jaw started to change and snap into the shape of a muzzle. The detective’s screams soon mingled in with the deafening roars of a tortured wolf before finally, after several minutes of stomach-churning screaming, the room fell silent; the black mass collapsing onto its stomach, breathing heavily.
“Just go!” Sherlock moaned through the pain, rolling himself onto his side and trying to push himself away in an attempt to create some distance between John and himself. However, John didn’t hesitate to grab him again, rolling him back over onto his back and pinning him down with his hands. He was sure Sherlock often forgot he was strong; he was a soldier after all. “I’m calling Mycroft!” the doctor asserted as he went to grab his phone, hitting the call button but all-the-while keeping a heavy hand and elbow on Sherlock’s chest.
John eyes widened when Sherlock gave him the time frame, he cursed under his breath, checking his watch. “Yes, ah, sorry Greg, we best be off – you know how OCD he is about his experiments” he chuckled nervously.
Sherlock glanced at John’s incoming hand, wondering what he was trying to do. Was he trying to pet him? However when the hand recoiled, Sherlock looked away sadly, confirming John’s fear of him. Sherlock turned his head away as he made an attempt to get up, stumbling a bit on his injured leg.
back there.” He started. “But he said that you’d never been able to fight back before, that you had always just been...
The wolf had began to snarl and claw at its head, leaving deep gashes along its face and neck before continuing to bite at its arm, tearing a great chunk of flesh away, leaving a gory wound behind.
“Correct.” Mycroft nodded. “Sherlock and I inherited the condition from our parents. Lycanthropy in the Holmes family dates back many centuries; it’s a big part of our family history.”
John was worried he’d knock the whole fridge over the way the wolf was acting. “No, I mean it, Sherlock. Stop it. God, look what you’re doing.” he complained looking at the mess, feeling tired already. When Sherlock finally pulled his head out, John grimaced at the hunk of raw meat wedged tightly between the wolf’s teeth; still bright red and dripping juices onto the floor. “What the hell is that?” John asked, knowing with Sherlock it could be anything. He certainly didn’t bring it home, nor hide it in the back of the fridge, unpackaged and unprotected. He just prayed it wasn’t a piece of leg or something of the sort. Although it already seemed Sherlock was gnawing contently on it in the living room. He knew he wouldn’t be able to get it from him if he tried and Sherlock didn’t look keen to drop it any time soon.
The wolfs eyes burst open at the sound of John’s voice, those golden spheres staring up into the army doctors blue ones. The wolf was whimpering and John blinked in confusion a few times, surprised that his command had actually worked. “Now, Sherlock... listen.” He spoke slowly, taking another careful step towards him, still holding his hands in front of him looking into the wolf’s eyes.
Sherlock held his arm out with a grunt, teeth clenched tightly in pain as his body twitched painfully.
“What?” Sherlock panted lightly. “It’s far too warm...” he mumbled to himself as he opened it further, sticking his head out slightly in an attempt to cool himself down.
The doctor took a step closer to his friend, staring into his eyes, confused. “Protect me from what? Why won’t you tell me what’s wrong?”
John shuffled his feet a bit before deciding to take a step closer to the wolf, staring at it, heart pounding in his chest. If this was Sherlock, he was hurting, bleeding, and John didn’t want to let him lie there in pain. “Sherlock?” he managed to get out despite his fear, voice still sounding oddly quiet and far weaker than he’d meant for it to be.
“Could you stop bustling about?” Sherlock panted as he unbuttoned his sweat-drenched shirt. “My arm is fine, the stitches will hold.”
Sherlock looked hideously inhuman at some points, which frightened John, the mixed sounds of his canine voice and his human voice fading together in quiet shrieks and yelps – he feared the lowered volume was for the doctor’s benefit. The nearer Sherlock got to being human, the more odd he looked, deformed almost, thin black hairs covering his skin unevenly, and a practically bald muzzle protruding from his face. It was worse, having to see Sherlock’s expression so clearly, the pain he was in, even though he wasn’t recognizable yet as the human John knew. Eventually the muzzle shrunk back, along with the tail, ears becoming rounded once more slipping back into place. John was too shocked to realize it was over, staring at the now human Sherlock, exposed and vulnerable looking. It was terrible.
John looked at his phone, cursing under his breath and set it aside, taking a deep breath. The wolf’s cries made him cringe and he couldn’t help but remember watching the transformation; his best friend writhing in pain, screaming as his body rearranged itself. In all of his years as a doctor, he’d never heard of such a thing, let alone witnessed it. John would have deemed it impossible had he not have seen it with his own eyes. He was starting to see the struggle in the wolf’s head the more he watched. John’s mind was getting used to the sight in front of him, and the fog of shock was slowly becoming less apparent. His first thought had been that the wolf had been driven mad, had no control whatsoever but perhaps, as Mycroft had said, that wasn’t the case. What if it was hurting itself on purpose? What if the mental struggle wasn’t such a random one? Maybe Sherlock truly was in there, somewhere.
John knew this of course and he completely understood. “We’re both not used to this.” he reassured with a smile as they stared at each other in silence for a short moment. “Let me go get your tea.”
The massive creature coated in black fur, body thick and strong, now took up almost the entirety of Sherlock’s ridiculously sized bed. John made a weak, fearful sound, falling back against the open door as memories of the last full moon returned all at once.
The wolf roared once again as it clawed at his face, ripping at its fur, biting and slashing before it collapsed in a fit of anger to the floor, panting heavily as its claws dug into the carpeted floor, clenching and unclenching.
But his hope was soon squashed when the wolf threw back its head and let out a deep spine-chilling howl that seemed bellowed straight up from his gut.
“Yes, I do John.” Sherlock interjected. “You’ve only just been introduced to the world I live in; you don’t understand how it works. Now please believe me when I say, the less people that know about what I am, the better.”
“I almost killed you!” Sherlock finally snapped. The pair of them stared at each other before Sherlock broke eye contact to look at the floor by his feet. “You keep talking about how I’m hurt and how I should rest but you’re completely skipping the part where I almost killed you.” He said quietly after a long moment of silence.
All too soon the sound of cracking bones could be heard audibly and Sherlock let out a scream. John cringed at the sound of... God, was that sickening cracking sound coming from Sherlock? The doctor didn't try to grab him again, John just sat there on his knees, staring at the detective rather stupidly. He’d never heard any sort of drug being able to have this effect on someone. He opened his mouth to call his friend's name again but no sound came out, and he just stared at him, horrified. What was happening? He felt frozen in place, and his mind felt numb.
Sherlock stood up after a few minutes of examining the body and turned to address Lestrade. “Check the cupboard in the kitchen again for a hidden compartment, you’ll find the murder weapon. As for the killer-” he stopped to quickly check something on his phone before continuing. “-you should find him two blocks down the road in a pub located next to a tailor.”
John bit his lip and sighed, plopping down on the couch, turning back to Sherlock. "Well lucky for you, I'll be home to take care of you tonight. Audrey cancelled." he muttered, glancing at his phone once again and tossing it on the coffee table with a sigh.
John automatically grabbed his kit without thinking, placing a small pad of gauze over the bullet wound before placing a towel over Sherlock –indecent exposure averted- and softly rolled Sherlock over onto his back; the wound on his friends arm needed priority. “Just stay still Sherlock, okay? You’re going to be fine.”
“Well when you reach a certain age you no longer have, shall we say, a compulsion to change every full moon, you are able to transform whenever you wish... unfortunately for Sherlock that time never came.”
“Just relax... Here, let me help you onto the bed, make you a bit more comfy yeah?” John suggested as he helped Sherlock to his feet. “I’ll get you some warm pads for your muscles.” He stated, noticing the stiffness of Sherlock’s body and his newly compressed muscles as he lowered him onto the mattress. “And some tea...” John said under his breath, mentioning it more for himself than anything as he went to leave the room.
Unfortunately, John’s plan back-fired as the wolf started to growl audibly, pushing itself onto all fours before extending itself back onto its hind legs, now towering over John, its head in reaching distance from the ceiling.
John was right, it would have been better if he had gotten to see him without the wolf controlling his every move. “That’s true but it’s not in a werewolf’s nature to go telling people about their condition, you don’t know who you might be telling it to.” He spoke.
“Help me, then.” John replied calmly, staring at the other man. “I can’t understand if you don’t tell me, Sherlock. Just give me a chance to understand, yeah?”
John shook his head. “Right. Werewolf.” he reminded himself. “Yeah, alright. Okay.” He agreed, moving his hand to check Sherlock’s vitals.
The wolf was gasping and spluttering, trying to push itself back up again but it was becoming weaker and weaker with each passing second the Wolfsbane was in its body. Every breath felt like fire around its body and its brilliant golden eyes had begun to develop small red veins around the edges.
I hope you all enjoyed this chapter! I love hearing feedback from you guys so please remember to leave a comment! Constructive criticism is welcome also! :)
” the doctor thought to himself, knowing he wasn’t a fantastic liar (or at least, Sherlock didn’t think so). “Yeah, yes. He’s fine... Just his damn superiority complex thing, it’s nothing. He’s just a bit wired is all, cutting back on the fags, you know how he gets.”
Sherlock sniffed at the various body parts that were being stored in the fridge before finding the source of the smell he wanted. It was a piece of raw beef that he’d forgotten about; he had been planning to use it to experiment the rate of bacteria production. He practically had his entire head in the fridge, and his paws too, to try and retrieve the meat.
John hated the idea of Sherlock turning into a huge wolf against his will then being thrown out by his parents when Mycroft was able to make himself stay human. It was unfair. He could only imagine how they must have been compared, how it must have felt. And once a month, Sherlock had been leaving home without telling him, going off without him, possibly putting himself in danger. With Sherlock, you never could tell who could be out to get him. John had sort of taken it upon himself to take care of him. Mycroft certainly had made that clear. How could he have not known about this? How many times had Sherlock felt like he needed to leave because of him? “Where do you go?” John asked after a moment, frowning. “You just stay out in the forest all night until you’re human again?”
Something struck in Sherlock’s heart. Of course he wasn’t, he would never intentionally harm John. He slowly turned his head to look at him, everything was just wrong. This was why he was supposed to keep this a secret; this was why John was never supposed to know. Sherlock lowered his head as he slowly made his way back to his room, shutting the door quietly with his head.
John frowned, dumbstruck by Mycroft’s instructions. “What? No. Mycroft can you not hear him, I can’t leave him like this.”
“Sherlock, if it wasn’t for Mycroft, you could have been dead too. God, he shot you. That wasn’t the way to handle things. You could have died and that isn’t fair either.”
Sherlock was vaguely aware of John’s voice, his head throbbing. “John?” He rasped weakly, his throat still hoarse.
He looked terrible. There were small gashes littered across his face and he looked so weak that a puff of air could threaten to knock him over. His eyes were dark and he seemed to grimace every time he moved too much but thankfully the horrible rasping of his lungs had faded away. He wandered over to his seat and sat down with an exhausted sigh, looking towards John with a small but forced smile. “I take it you have questions.” Sherlock stated.
“You never used to mind those ‘quirks’, as you so put it, before you knew; you’re just hyper-aware of them because you know what they are now.” Sherlock dismissed. “It’s not a big deal.”
"No!" Sherlock exclaimed as John guided him to a chair, regretting it instantly before obediently sitting down. He was too warm, far too warm, sweat was pouring out of him as if it was fifty degrees in the room. "I'm fine," he breathed, lying once more.
“A little bit stupid to be honest. And guilty. I didn’t mean to scare those people. Am I in trouble?” he hesitated “You don’t look like the police”
“Sherlock I-- I want this. Whatever this is, whatever you want from this, from us, I want it too.”  He pulled closer to Sherlock, branding him with his touch. This beautiful man whose synaptic firing could rival the spark of exploding stars, whose brilliant mind saw everything, observing and analytical, this man loved him. He had plucked his heart from his chest and was holding it out to John. John had never felt about anyone the way he felt for Sherlock. The force of the emotion urging its way through his veins left him winded and breathless. But he faltered in his touch, his brow furrowing. The thought was terrifying. He wound his fingers down to where Sherlock’s pulse thrummed, fast and hard under the skin. What if he couldn’t give it the care he needed? What if he dropped it? Ruined it, leaving it broken and bruised? What if he couldn’t contain the sheer magnitude of Sherlock’s emotion? His fingers wandered back up to his jaw and he brought his eyes up to meet Sherlock’s. His face lay open and honest, the fear written there for John to read… and the hope. It was that which finally tipped the balance over into certainty. He knew what he had to do. With that he took out his heart, offering it to Sherlock as he tucked Sherlock’s deep into his own chest.
“Can you--” I stutter “Can you see me?” I almost can’t bear to hear the answer. John seems to look at me for a moment, before nodding his head, slowly and deliberately “Yeah-- Yeah I can.”
“Oh Sherlock, you--” he cleared his throat before continuing, his voice steadier this time. “You told me once that you weren’t a hero. You know, there were times where I didn’t even think you were human, but let me say this: You were the best man and the most human, human being that I have ever known and no-one will ever convince me that you told me a lie and so…” he looked away, after Mrs Hudson and for a moment I thought he was going to leave. Then he turned back to face me, placing his fingers on top of the headstone. I felt my heart clench, before I knew what I was doing I reached forward, grazing his fingers with my own. “I was so alone, and I owe you so much.” He sniffed.  “Okay.” He braces himself and turns to walk away, his fingers slipping out from underneath mine. Then he suddenly spins back around.
“It’s not psychosis. He’s got post-traumatic stress disorder.” Sherlock interrupted. “Look, at the way he holds himself while he’s waiting in the queue.” Sherlock pushes past Dimmock, rewinding the video “his stance is that of a soldier. And look there, he has a cane and a limp on his right side. He was injured then, but the way he stands there, the way he holds himself, it’s like he’s forgotten about it, so maybe it’s psychosomatic. The real injury, I suspect, is in his shoulder, if you look at how stiffly he moves. Psychosomatic limp? The circumstances of the injury had to have been traumatic and look here --” he flicks the video forward a few frames “just before he reacts, the women here drops a tray of glasses. The shattering must have been what triggered him.” Both Dimmock and Lestrade looked impressed.
“Ok then dear, I’ll be downstairs. Please call me, if you need anything. I just-- I don’t know what to say John. None of us saw this coming.” It didn’t fail my notice that she picked the sig. up from the desk as she left, casting one last worried glance at John before heading back downstairs. John hovered a moment longer before crouching down, intending to clean up the broken glass. I sat and watched, heart aching, my chest tight. John’s anger dissipated quickly, quelled by the tidal wave of his grief. He faltered, his movements slowing and then stopping altogether. “Oh god, oh god, oh god.” He started shaking. “What did I do? What I said to you Sherlock, I called you a heartless machine. I let you believe that I hated you. Oh god, is that why-- is this my-- oh god, this is my fault.”
do this! He pushed Sherlock’s door open, the feeling of the wood grain coarse under his fingertips, and peered into the darkness inside. Despite the sound coming from him, Sherlock lay absolutely still, his knees drawn to his chest and his arms locked protectively around his head. Sherlock had always favoured the façade of the sociopathic, the illusion of being emotionless, controlled, governed by logic alone, sewn tightly together forming a second skin, an armour that Sherlock stepped into and wore with ease, even more so since he had returned from death. But now, that mask had been pried loose, leaving Sherlock raw and bloodied and so very vulnerable.John did the only thing he could. Drawn forward by instinct, he carefully clambered onto the bed beside him, to sit with, to stand sentry. Sherlock tensed as the bed dipped beneath John’s weight. The whimper that escaped his lips was so laced with fear, John’s breath caught in his throat and his eyes pricked uncomfortably.
“Another hobby?” John asked jokily, “It’s not so much that I’m finding it difficult, I just can’t seem to be able to remember any of it!” he sighed, some of his previous exasperation returning. “I honestly don’t know what I’m doing wrong.”
It was then that Sherlock blinked awake, as if the weight of John’s gaze had roused him. He looked down at his empty hand where it lay between them on the bed and then he glanced back up to John. A flicker of disquiet, of uncertainty alighted along the sharp cut of his cheekbones and nestled itself stiffly against the set of his jaw. His gaze clouded as he began to pull away. John’s smile fell as his heart leapt into his throat and he reached out capturing Sherlock’s wrist.
However, tonight was different. The violin had seemingly lost its magic and John had been tossing and turning for nearly an hour. Sherlock didn’t know what to do. That was how he found himself here, hesitating at the foot of John’s bed, torn between desperately wanting to help and knowing that John would loathe him bearing witness to his vulnerability, in this way. Another groan escaped from between John’s lips and he threw his arm across his face, shielding himself from an enemy that only he could see. Sherlock’s heart ached. He couldn’t leave John alone, not like this.  Having made his decision, Sherlock stepped around to the empty side of the bed and sat down tentatively on the edge. He paused for a moment, glancing almost apprehensively at John before swinging his legs up and settling himself against the head board, his hands clasped loosely in his lap. John rolled over onto his side, as if he could sense his presence and Sherlock had to resist the urge to touch him. He spoke to him instead; just empty platitudes and comforts, careful to keep his voice low and steady. Slowly, John settled into a deeper slumber, out of reach and safe, no longer haunted. Sherlock was surprised but grateful that it had worked. He waited a few moments longer, in silence, before quietly slipping out, clicking the door shut behind him.
“Sherlock,” Sherlock said, his smile widening as he took John’s offered hand and shook it firmly. “Did I get it all right then? I’m not usually right about everything.”
A few moments later Sherlock heard Lestrade’s footsteps slamming into the pavement behind him as he ran to catch him up. “Sherlock wait.” His voice came from a few feet away, slightly breathless. “Something else has come up. Dimmock wasn’t especially forthcoming over the radio but some sort of armed hostage situation. They haven’t been able to engage the perpetrator at all. Your insight, you know, your deductions, they could be helpful.”
“Yeah, I am. That’s amazing!” John’s eyes roamed over the man sat in front of him with renewed curiosity.
“John, my dear, I heard a commotion.” Her voice softened when she saw him. “Oh John, let me do that and then I’ll make us some tea.” Her eyes were red and puffy. So, she knew. Maybe Lestrade had told her.
Harry sighed, hanging her head in her hands over her knees, and John lowered down beside her, Sherlock silently creeping past to sit in his desk chair a respectable distance away.
The movement had been gradual, the distance closing inch by inch, but it had added up to a mile, Sherlock’s lashes fluttering as John’s breath puffed over his face.
John laughed, nodding more firmly as he bowed his head. “Got it,” he said, smiling brightly at Devon first before passing it across the team.
Sherlock made an indistinct noise in his throat, but John seemed to take it as an affirmation, asking no further questions as he crossed behind Sherlock toward the door.
“I know!” Sherlock bleated, half laughing as he plucked his scarf off the hook and began wrapping it around his neck.
to grin when he explained to Mary that he couldn’t go to a movie Friday night because he had to help Sherlock with a case. Of course, that was the only time John
“I can see all that John, I can always see it.” Sherlock couldn’t be stopped, was barreling on, words rushed and choked, and John’s discomfort quickly quieted, his focus redirected to concern as he looked up into pained grey eyes. “But I can’t see
The game was over now, and they had won—obvious from the horrid music and boisterous laughing and shouting drifting down from the common room—but Sherlock still did not move, not wanting to run into John in the hallway. Again.
He pinched at the bridge of his nose for a moment, and then something seemed to be decided, and he was once again collected when he lifted his face to Sherlock. “I don’t know what you’re doing, Sherlock. I don’t know what, and I don’t know why, but I can tell you for
Sherlock nodded, and John stopped jumping, still aware, it seemed, of when he was being talked about.
Sherlock lifted his messenger bag up onto the seat beside him, unravelling his scarf and shrugging out of his coat, draping the dark fabric over the back of his chair as he tugged at the hem of his thin grey scoop neck. He had planned to go directly to the lab after this, but there was nothing time-sensitive to be done, so he supposed a few minutes spent drinking his coffee couldn’t hurt. Maybe several minutes. Half an hour tops.
“I make no promises,” he replied, Sherlock giving him a stony look before sighing in resigned exasperation.
John couldn’t show all his surprise on his face just in case Sherlock had superhuman eyesight on top of everything else, but his brain thoroughly short-circuited for a moment, and he blinked dumbly into the faint light from the lab across the hall. “I, um- Why?” he muttered, clearing the remaining grogginess from his throat with a cough.
“Actually!” Molly piped up, throwing a quick glance back at him as she grabbed Daniel’s arm, and he could have hugged her right then if she didn’t always wear that abhorrent perfume and he didn’t despise physical contact. “Not by the window. I- I get cold.”
“You could sit in the stands,” John suggested, and Sherlock smiled softly at the doubtful tone in his voice. John really was a quick study.
Alice nodded, whimpering faintly in agreement, but shot her head up as John neared the door. “Wait!” she called, and he paused, looking back. She grew shy then, head tilting as her mouth worked soundlessly. “I- Thank you,” she finally said, a strangled whisper, and then managed a watery smile.
“Three hours. It doesn’t many any sense,” he hissed, frustrated, the book sliding forgotten off his thigh as he swung his legs over the side of the bed toward John. “Ethan Carlisle doesn’t see himself as a criminal, he sees himself as a hero, doling out justice where the justice system has failed. He’s unlikely to deny his activities for long, if at all. Even with Lestrade at the helm, the interrogation shouldn’t take nearly this long.”
Mary stared at him a moment, and then sighed in a great gust of exhaustion, leaning down to put her cup on the table with a heavy clunk. “John, look,” she began, hands gesticulating placatingly between them, “I’m trying here, alright? I really am, but you have
A woman opened the door—attractive in an objective sort of way, he supposed—and looked over them with curious, black-rimmed eyes. “Yes?” she purred through pink lips, obnoxious compared to the demure appearance of her white blouse and black skirt. “Can I help you boys?”
. If you want more details on any of the fics listed, don't hesitate to ask. I just had limited characters I could put for the questions, so the summaries are a little bare-bones.
“No,” Mycroft huffed, rolling his eyes as he swatted at John to step back inside, “we have to make it look like we staged it to make it look like you were living here.”
Sherlock hung his head again, watching his fingers as he twisted at a loose thread on his cuff. “Dad says it’s a waste of time,” he quoted, Mycroft’s jaw clenching in his peripheral vision. “A weakness.”
Sherlock growled, crushing his eyelids closed and rattling his head, trying to shake John out of it. He was going to be back soon; Sherlock had to be in control of himself by then.
“Poem?” he echoed, shaking his head. “What poem? You mean that one?” he questioned, pointing to the note on the counter, but Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“Because I- I can’t.” He hissed a frustrated sigh over the lid of his coffee, drawing in a mouthful, the bitter warmth steadying him. “It’s too- And, anyway, he wanted to take it slow.”
“Okay,” he said, holding Sherlock to him as he ducked his head, breathing in the woodsy scent of the man’s dark hair. “Now go to sleep.”
“I- Er, yes,” Sherlock muttered, looking distinctly uncomfortable, which was also worrisome, “but I believe... John?”
John drew in a slow, thoughtful breath, catching wisps of Sherlock’s curls in the exhale. “When I was about 7 or so, I got invited to a birthday party for this kid in my year—Henry...something or other.” He rattled his head, and Sherlock tipped his up, John’s eyes looking past him to the wall beyond. “My mum had taken me out the weekend before to get him a present, and I’d found this Nerf gun at Argos—one of the smaller pistol ones, ya know?” He glanced down when Sherlock nodded, quirking a skeptical brow, and Sherlock’s lips twitched, blood pooling in his cheeks as he burrowed into the pillow.
She stopped outside an open door, shifting to the side so other students could enter behind her. “Well, I’ve gotta go,” she said, waving her hand back toward the room. “Maths,” she added with a grimace.
John chuckled as he pushed into the dorm, delicately plucking through his dresser to keep the powder from spreading as much as possible. “Probably,” he answered as he slipped out a fresh pair of jeans and a grey jumper.
Sherlock’s mouth dried up. “I didn’t hear you come down,” he said, and John dropped his head, swinging one leg out as he pushed off from his support.
“None of this is real,” John continued, his voice breaking as he shook his head, eyes growing bluer as they glistened. “You can’t pretend it is.”
With a rough swallow, John reached in, steadying his hand with a single slow breath before withdrawing the paraphernalia. He tucked the vial and syringe into his pocket, but there wasn’t much he could do about the tourniquet, so he wrapped it up as tightly as he could in his palm before opening the door back to the corridor.
“But it’s alright for you to do it,” he snapped, waving a hand out at the man without meeting his eyes. “You can collect first dates like stamps, but, when
Also, mssmithlove and a glorious gang of geeks (myself included, narcissistically enough) are working on putting together a new Sherlock convention in Minneapolis next summer!! If that sounds like something you'd be interested in, it would be great if you could take two minutes to complete
“I didn’t mean- I’m not tiptoeing around your feelings, Sherlock,” he whispered, slowly lifting his chin to meet Sherlock’s eyes. “I’m tiptoeing around mine.”
“Ah,” Ethan replied, tipping his head up in a nod. “Well, you could always come up with a better story.”
“I can hear you, ya know!” John spouted, glaring between his unwanted fashion consultants, both of whom blinked at him in equally mild politeness. “I’m standing right here! Being objectified!” he snapped, and Mary snorted.
out of my head soon as I opened that door! It’s all such a blur, I honestly can’t even remember what I said!”
“It looks pretty bad,” he said, leaning forward to get a better look, his hand twitching across the table as Sherlock turned the wound away from his gaze.
Sherlock’s heart stopped, jaw dropping open. He quickly gathered it up, however, though not quick enough if John’s rising brow was any indication. “I- No!” he spluttered, shaking his head. “That’s- Why would you-”
get Sherlock to so much as hint at taking ballet. The man seemed to have changed his practice hours in order to spend time with John during his shift, making claiming to have spotted him anew out of the question, so John had instead gently pried as to how the man had come to live with Mrs. Hudson, but the detective had changed the subject, muttering something about her being lonely before asking John about a crossword clue. He’d asked what he was doing this weekend, knowing full well he would be occupied with the spring arts celebration, but Sherlock had only said he was busy, citing his chemistry project, but shaking his head when John had offered to come by yet again.
“Hello?” he said as he swung the door inward, half expecting to see the fuse burning out on a bundle of dynamite as he poked his head into the room. There wasn’t any dynamite, but he wasn’t sure if what he did see was much better.
“Likewise,” Sherlock said, and the last man stepped forward, a dark beard trimmed close to his deep-olive skin.
“I’m good with water,” John said, smiling politely, and Sherlock opened his mouth to add his order, the sound choked off as John stomped hard on his foot. “So’s he,” he added, bobbing a nod to Sherlock, who glared at the impassive smile a moment before giving up and nodding in confirmation.
“Not today,” he replied, and the blond laughed, snapping shut the valve and handing up a surprisingly full cup for something being given away. Sherlock cradled it in his hands, breathing in the spiced warmth, eyelashes fluttering against the rising spirals of apple and cloves.
Sarah looked up at Sherlock for the first time since the introductions, flicking her eyes between him and John as she smiled. “Yeah, I shouldn’t leave her alone too long. She gets a bit caught up in the demonstrations.”
“He went back to the church,” Mycroft answered, the words casual enough, but there was something bitter in the stiff set of his jaw. “There were a few more papers he had to sign. Now, hurry up, we have to-”
“You’ll be the death of me one of these days, I swear. Why can’t you ever get a ride home? You must have a friend who stays late at the lab.”
Sherlock gave him a skeptical look that he quickly avoided, turning his eyes to Irene and smiling as the woman sighed with relief.
“So strong,” she teased, flicking at the collar of his shirt, somehow a harmless gesture when dealing with Irene Adler, and John forced down a smile.
“What? Oh,” John mumbled, lifting the book out in front of him. “Keep-Keep promise, love. Look, here comes Helena.” He tapped disjointedly at the edges of the book, a swallow moving down his throat.
“It’s love, ya know?” she had slurred, one arm slung around Sherlock’s shoulder as she threatened to pull him off the folding chair they were using for temporary furniture. “It’s not rainbows and-and roses…and whiskers on kittens”—she’d stopped to giggle at herself—“but it’s still
In addition to Molly, Irene, and Mike, a handful of John’s teammates had also joined the group, nodding up at John as he passed before returning to their excited conversations, but the spots saved for him and Sherlock were removed from most of the action, down at the end of the table with Molly and Irene across from them, and Greg and Mike seated next to John. He doubted Greg or Mike would have thought much about the seating arrangement, but he wouldn’t put it past Molly and Irene, and, predictably, the two pairs were engrossed in their own conversations, leaving John and Sherlock with no one to talk to but each other.
“I dunno,” Irene shrugged, unconcerned by his near-death experience, “it looked like bumping nasties to me. So you held hands?”
“Alright,” he caved, dropping his voice to a whisper, though, considering the particular clientele he worked with, Sherlock couldn’t imagine who the secrecy was for. “But just the one, okay? Just one question. And, if I think it’s giving away too much-”
Sherlock watched her as she pulled the tobacco from her mouth, her lipstick clinging red across the white paper, and leaned forward, blowing smoke out over the view of the outdoor tables a few brave souls were already utilizing on their breaks. “Was that really necessary?” he asked, bobbing his head back toward the Bunsen burner, and Irene smirked as she drew the cigarette back between her lips.
“So you, er,” Lestrade began, clearing his throat and wiggling his hand in the air to indicate the more sensitive parts of the evening, “and then waited for him to fall asleep and-”
“I was studying,” John snarled, the mobile creaking in his grip as the stranger snorted, “and I thought the call might be important.”
“Before you wake Mrs. Hudson, then,” he muttered, hanging on to John with one hand while his other rummaged in his pocket for the keys.
“No, Mycroft already took care of all that. By which I mean, officially, it never happened,” he added with a pointed lift his brows, and John nodded, hardly troubled by adding another lie to the list. “I don’t really know why I’m here,” he continued with a shrug, glancing aimlessly over the room. “Got a call from Mycroft last night telling me to be here at 11. He didn’t say why,” he added, heading off the question John was just opening his mouth to ask, “just told me he needed to read me in on a few things. And that you were alive, of course.” He smiled, a gesture John managed to return, and then grew thoughtful, stepping closer as he dropped his voice. “How did you manage that, by the way?” he asked, looking back over his shoulder as if to check they were still alone. “Where’d you get the decoy body? And how’d you get the DNA to match?”
“No, I- Well, I suppose I was with someone last year,” he answered, shrugging a shoulder and trying not to look terrified, “but we didn’t do anything. He had already gone off to university.”
“I got an interview,” John repeated, hands starting to shake again around the paper, the words now blurring. “But I- I can’t afford- There’s no way I could-”
!?” he spluttered, and Sherlock laughed, slowing his strides for John to catch up. “Why would she- Seriously?”
He tried to make himself angry, to summon the bitterness and betrayal that had kept him going these past three days, but nothing came, the fury evaporated, exhaustion the only byproduct, and Sherlock supposed it had only been a matter of time.
John added a swirl of his tongue over the head with every draw back up, and Sherlock soon stopped making any sense at all, stumbling words and gasps all blurring together until his grip turned to iron in John’s hair, hips thrashing futilely against John’s hand as he came, head thrown back and mouth wide open. John sucked all of him down, continuing to lave over his softening cock until Sherlock started to twitch from oversensitivity, and then pulled off with a pop, wiping his mouth with one hand while the other trailed up and down Sherlock’s thigh.
Irene quirked a brow. “That’s not the way I heard it,” she replied, lifting her nails in front of her face as she absentmindedly admired the dark varnish. “I heard you were puttin’ down his sister, and he knocked you out in one punch.”
Sherlock closed his eyes, running through his mental lexicon of maladies to come up with a reasonable explanation for the ache in his chest, but, in the end, he just reached for his mobile, talking to John the only antidote he’d found as of yet, if only a temporary one.
“You know,” John shrugged, faint smile pulling at his mouth, “a sphinx. From mythology? But, in this case, instead of riddles, it won’t let me pass until I…I dunno, list my favorite French dishes or something.”
Just because he wasn’t proud of it didn’t mean he was rolling over, however, and he set his jaw, tearing off another piece of bread and catapulting it aloft. “I’m not a child anymore, Mycroft,” he snarled, watching the swans peck at the remaining soggy crumbs. “I don’t need a guardian CCTV camera watching over me.”
carefully, Victor,” Sherlock growled, proud of the wince that passed across the dealer’s face. “If I
“I-” Sherlock stammered, twisting his fingers into the duvet, because John was looking at him so intensely, it was a moment before he could calm his pounding heart enough to think. “No, I-I wouldn’t,” he finally said, shaking his head as he swallowed. “I think, sometimes... Some
“It’s not poison,” came a gibe from his right, and Sherlock turned to find John smiling at him around the side of the monitor. “I mean, it’s not exactly PG Tips,” he added with a shrug, “but it probably won’t kill ya.”
“Yes,” he growled, watching Molly’s face turn to him in his peripheral vision, her eyebrows climbing.
Sherlock nodded, Mycroft returning the gesture before stepping through the door and thumping his way down the steps.
things like that, Sherlock,” he sputtered, brow furrowing together in growing anger as he looked up at the detective, who was evading his gaze. “This isn’t your decision, it’s-it’s not-”
“How did you fit a week of clothes in there?” John asked, waving a hand toward the bag even though Sherlock couldn’t see him. He could probably hear it or something, though. Air displacement or some such rubbish.
“Still,” John muttered, and Sherlock smiled at him, the two of them sitting in silence as John finished his small breakfast. “I gotta go,” he sighed, untangling their limbs as he rose, dropping his plate and cup into the sink before turning back around. “I’ll be done at 1. What time are you going into the studio?” he asked, and Sherlock shrugged, glancing out through the living room to the windows on the opposite wall.
“Almost always,” he replied, and the queen laughed, leaning back to sip at her red wine, “but, as I often tell them, if they were looking in the right places, they would’ve found it by now.”
“Morning!” Mike said brightly from the back, corner table as they approached. He shifted his books to the side, and Sherlock took the stool behind the empty space, causing John to look between them curiously.
“Calm down,” Irene soothed batting her palms toward him. “I didn’t mean to start an identity crisis. I just assumed you and John-”
Mycroft blinked, a small twitch in his jaw and readjustment of the umbrella in his hands the only outward signs of his discomfort, but the fact that he was showing anything at all spoke volumes. “Sherlock,” he said stiffly, nodding in greeting as the boy halted a few feet from the group, positioning himself closest to Lestrade. “You look…better.”
“Not yet,” Sherlock said, internally crying with relief that his voice sounded so perfectly unaffected.
“No,” Mycroft said, shaking his head, and then lifted up his umbrella, turning toward the stairs, “not at the moment, but I’ll keep you informed of our progress.”
Downing the rest of his water like a shot of liquid courage, he clicked the glass onto the surface of the counter, tiptoeing across the linoleum to the corridor, and then began shuffling his way to the door, leaning his head as far forward as he could to try to catch some hint of sound. Nothing met his ears, however, so he wrapped his hand around the doorknob, closing his eyes as he drew in a deep breath, just starting to turn the handle when a voice at his back sent him leaping out of his skin with a gasp.
John stared vacantly at the wood for several blinks, and then sighed, dropping his head as he gripped into his hair. Was he really so desperate as to sink to baked goods to win back Sherlock’s affections? It would appear so, and John grimaced down at the dark wood beneath him, disgusted with himself.
“Fuck!” Sherlock shouted, and, okay, he was probably definitely doing it on purpose, but John didn’t really care, groaning against Sherlock’s cock as he dropped down it again, increasing the pressure of his mouth as he found a rhythm. “GOD, fuck, John! John!”
good at this. Knowing him, it was a fair assumption he’d done extensive research on the subject, which was simultaneously incredibly sweet and incredibly sexy, but the second option took over a bit as Sherlock once again slipped John’s cock into his mouth, lowering down until his lips met his hand closed around the base.
Interested in a new Sherlock/fandom convention in Minneapolis next summer? Mssmithlove and a glorious gang of geeks are working hard to bring one to life, so please take a hot two minutes to complete
The blond looked around, eyes trailing slowly above his gaping mouth, and then, after a long moment, he let his bag slide off his shoulder, lowering it gingerly to the floor. “Holy shit,” he breathed, taking a tentative step into the room. “Holy- Is that a
John tipped his neck over the back of the sofa, puffing a laugh at the ceiling. “Bit livelier than I imagined.”
“And I- I blamed myself,” he croaked, and a drop finally fell, glittering down from his lashes as he blinked to the floor. “Every time, I- I thought, if I had-if I had done more, if I had
“Sherlock!” John hissed, but it was too late, the EMT was already there, grabbing John by the uninjured arm and leading him toward the back of one of the vans. “No, it’s fine, really. Just a graze. Look, see?” John was trying very hard, Sherlock would give him that, but the EMT was having none of it.
A bell sounded loudly from the school building behind them, thankfully covering the curse that hissed from Sherlock’s mouth, but John only laughed, breath hissing from his nose as he shook his head at the red brick.
“You’re always in charge,” Sherlock muttered under his breath, and John twisted at the bottom of the steps to glare at him. “Fine,” he sighed, rolling his eyes as he leapt the last few stairs, landing with a bob of soft knees, “then what am
“Well, then I’ll just eat it myself,” Irene jovially replied, and John could hear squeaking containers and crinkling plastic bags as he opened the freezer door.
Together, they supported the limping boy’s weight, the remainder of the team hissing with concern as they followed. Taylor let out a pained yelp as they gently deposited him on the bench, the school medic pushing through their group to his side a moment later.
“Yes,” Sherlock said at the same time John said “No”, the latter bursting into laughter while the former sighed. “He is,” he clarified, though he doubted there was a need, as John was now jumping in place, hand outstretched in an attempt to touch the light fixture. “I’m well within the legal limit.”
John tried to keep his eyes from popping out, internally thanking god for the blessing that was dear sweet Molly Hooper, guardian angel in disguise. “Oh,” he said, turning a grin to Irene, “right. Well, it’s…nice to finally put a face to the legend.”
“Oh,” the man mused, looking back to him for a moment, and then his eyes focused on something out ahead, a smirk tugging at a corner of his mouth. “Well, it doesn’t seem particularly romantic to
“No, but I’m closer than you are,” John replied, smiling over the top of his lukewarm tea, “and only a fool argues with his doctor.”
Sherlock breaths were coming quick and sharp, every muscle pulled taut as John stopped in front of him.
It wasn’t what he had wanted to happen, what he had intended. John was his roommate, a roommate he was supposed to drive away in a matter of a week or two like all the others. John wasn’t supposed to stay, wasn’t supposed to be important, but now Sherlock couldn’t do a damn thing without thinking about him, and it was that thinking of him that had to come first now.
“John-” Sherlock plead, footsteps flapping after him, but John left him unheeded, smashing open the door into the dormitory.
John looked away from him, idly wandering to the right as his gaze moved unseeing over the room. “You won’t sit near me in the cafeteria, moved away from me in class, don’t even
“Infiltrating?” John blurted, incredulously infuriated. “Jesus, Sherlock,” he hissed, turning away to run a hand through his hair, “what have you gotten yourself into? What is so important that you had to go gallivanting off god knows where WITHOUT TELLING YOUR BEST FRIEND!?” John stared at him, chest undulating with angry heaves of air, but Sherlock had stopped, frozen and blinking as the record skipped over and over those last few words.
, but John’s eyes were unrelenting, his hand hard where it pressed to Sherlock’s chest, pushing him back, and Sherlock reluctantly obliged, though only with the left half of his body, the rest peering around the frame to monitor John’s progress.
“Jesus Christ!” came a shout from his left, and Sherlock spun around, finding a tall brunette he faintly recognized from English leaning against the brick wall. “You almost made me swallow this thing!” she snapped, bobbing the cigarette in her hand, and Sherlock blinked at her, slowly processing the words.
Harry snorted, and John snapped his head up, glaring white hot fury at her, a look that quickly shifted to Sherlock as he couldn’t help but chuckle.
John swallowed, his jaw tight and eyes blazing with a suppressed something Sherlock might care about if his vision wasn’t red with punch and rage. “That’s not-”
“I haven’t a clue what you’re referring to,” she replied, her attention drawn to something over his shoulder before he could respond. “Customers,” she muttered, and John turned around, finding a group of what appeared to be professors coming toward him.
Sherlock blinked, panic flashing across his eyes so quickly, John wasn’t entirely sure he hadn’t imagined it, but then the microwave beeped, and Sherlock turned away, ducking his head as he opened the door. “Oh, it was nothing,” he muttered as he pulled open the bag, holding it out so the rush of steam rose up between them. “Just an experiment I’m doing in one of the labs. And I didn’t have to get up as early as you did,” he added with a smile, which John returned, but there was something not quite right about it, a nipping suspicion at the back of his mind that doubted Sherlock’s sincerity.
He took a breath, and his face reset. “We ended up at the A&E, and my mum…my mum lied.” He puffed out a mirthless laugh, gaze drawn to the ceiling. “Said I’d fallen down the stairs or something, I don’t rightly remember,” he muttered, rattling his head, “but, the point is, I knew then that I hadn’t been protecting anyone. I had thought I was being strong, that I was
had John heard him insult the detective. They kept meaning to go out for a pint after one of the cases he worked with them, but it had yet to come to fruition. The work Halloween party would have to do for socializing, it seemed, and John snapped his fingers as the realization of what Dimmock had come as finally clicked.
“I’m not pretending to be a corpse so you can ‘interact with the scene’,” John mocked, his fingers bending quotes in the air.
Sherlock shrugged, fiddling with the knot of his royal blue tie, a recent reversion back to proper uniform that they were both pretending hadn’t started after John had mentioned the color making his eyes look bluer. “Try and finish the Pickett case,” he replied, the first file they’d plucked from the box Lestrade had sent over yesterday. “Have to do a bit more research on the solubility of arsenic at various temperatures.”
“I believe my previous parting sentiments speak for themselves.” Sherlock’s voice was strained, his fingers stiff as he grabbed a pipette, sitting down in the chair and turning his back to Sebastian.
“No, not-” John’s eyes fluttered open, startling Sherlock with the intensity of their gaze. Midnight blue in the relative darkness of the flat, they fixed on him, swimming with something he couldn’t identify through the haze of exhaustion and alcohol, a question he was supposed to be answering without being asked, but he could only shake his head, helpless.
John took a step back from him, eyes wide as they searched between Sherlock’s. “Sherlock…he’s a murderer. You do know that, right?”
“Wait, you fancy Jeanette?” Sherlock broke in, Émile ducking his chin with a smile as Kavi turned to him.
“Oh!” Harriet Watson said, just as startled as Sherlock as she drew her outstretched hand back to her side. “Sorry, I- Hi,” she muttered, lifting her fingers again in a faint wave. “Sherlock, right?” she added, pointing questioningly at him, and Sherlock was just opening his mouth to reply when John drew up behind him.
Panic—absolute panic, the kind that rushes through your chest, ice and fire all at once—gripped him as Daniel began walking toward the front of the shop. He was going to throw up or scream or run or-
It probably meant something very strange about him psychologically that the taste of himself in Sherlock’s mouth was hands down the most erotic thing he had ever experienced, but he didn’t have the time to analyze that right now, hitching Sherlock up with a tight arm around the waist as he manhandled him further into the room. Lifting a knee to brace himself on the mattress, he toppled Sherlock back onto their combined beds, most of his weight held aloft on the knee and a hand, and pressed a palm down atop the bulge in Sherlock’s trousers, the man bucking up against him with a shout.
“Hey,” he whispered, shaking the limb lightly, and Sherlock tipped his head just enough to peer out at John from the shadow of his curls. John smiled, brushing them aside as he grazed his fingers along the edge of Sherlock’s forehead. “It’s not your fault,” he insisted, and Sherlock sniffed, face turning aside.
“You’re still the tallest,” Irene said, winking up at Sherlock’s glare. “Gin and tonic,” she ordered, passing him up the menu. “None of these are calling me. What do you want?”
John laughed as Sherlock opened his mouth to likely snap, but they were overrun by beaming friends and vague acquaintances, and both rose to their feet to greet the congratulations. John, of course, did most of the talking, redirecting the praise to Sherlock whenever possible, but the detective would only smile and nod, perhaps throwing out the odd ‘Thank you’ in a stilted, perfunctory tone.
There was a rustle from behind him, a clicking of glass on wood, and John remembered with a start that Sherlock was still in there, clearly trying to alert someone to his presence before the conversation went too far.
Wordlessly, he beckoned with a crook of his fingers, looking between Sherlock’s face and his injured arm, and Sherlock tentatively followed the instruction, stretching his elbow out toward John’s waiting hand. John’s fingers brushed just below the injury, his hold more suggestion that restriction, but Sherlock couldn’t have moved regardless, his mind working furiously to remember the last time someone other than family had touched him without inflicting harm.
“You look like a wax figure,” he chuckled, wondering if that would be anywhere near funny in the morning, but it did get a glare out of Sherlock, so it must have been a little amusing.
Sherlock leaned forward, marker landing in the appropriate gaps in his list, adding in Oliver Stewart’s name, and then he stepped back, arm falling to his side as he heard Lestrade gasp beside him.
He bolted away with a strangled gasp, air heaving through his lungs now as he blinked wildly, trying to give the room definition again. Retreating, he leaned back, bracing one hand on his mattress behind him as his knees threatened to buckle.
For some reason he couldn’t even explain to himself, he did, sighing with building frustrating as he spun back to the blond.
“I have some clothes here, and Mrs. Hudson can wash whatever I need.” Sherlock pushed open the door, leading past the living room as they started up the second flight.
“I have plans,” Sherlock muttered as he strode past Sally and Anderson, and John rose from his chair to follow.
“Irene!” Molly exclaimed into the receiver, and John just looked on, the situation already thoroughly washed out to sea. “You will not believe what just happened! Actually, hang on a sec,” she muttered, and then pulled the phone away from her face, tapping a few buttons before holding it up to the window.
, got it,” Sherlock said, snapping his fingers into a point at John before turning back to his book.
Sherlock opened his mouth, and then closed it, swallowing down at his shoes as he shuffled them against the floor.
John’s lips flapped, dead-end consonants popping and clicking out of his mouth as Sherlock rose, eyes twinkling. “Will you at least tell me how many?” he blurted as Sherlock turned to leave, requiring John to twist his back unnaturally to look after him.
Victor blinked up at him through a veil of his greasy hair, and if even half of the rage Sherlock could feel coiling through his veins was on his face, the current terror in Victor’s eyes was not nearly enough.
“Victor told me you were over here at Kingsley now. It’s been a long time. I thought you’d call,” Sebastian said, pouting, and it almost looked genuine except for the glinting in his eyes.
“Silvia,” Lestrade snapped, flipping open a page in his notebook, oblivious to their open-mouthed stares, “and it’s still none of your business.”
John didn’t say anything, slurping at his tea and staring aimlessly into the flames, or so it would have appeared to most people, but Sherlock caught the glances darting out of the corners of his eyes, a silent curiosity he knew John would never press, and knowing he didn’t have to talk about it was the deciding factor in opening his mouth.
He froze, shoulders rising and falling with his rapid puffs of breath as his eyes darted over freedom beyond the window glass.
“We can talk more about it tomorrow,” he assured, and Sherlock smiled, exhaustion coming up suddenly now that he gave it permission.
“Tall, Dark, and Handsome,” he announced, lowering Sherlock’s in front of him before pulling two sugars from his pocket and dropping them onto the table beside the steaming cup, “and Breakfast in Bed.”
John was grateful for the fact that Sherlock was looking away, as he could feel heat in his cheeks. He hadn’t known the boy very long, but he was still fairly certain that a compliment from Sherlock Holmes was not easily won. “Yeah, well, everyone has to tryout,” he murmured, twisting his fingers together in his lap. “So, do you know where it is?” he asked again, swallowing his embarrassment.
The light catching gold in his hair wasn’t real, the grey jumper Sherlock should have told him he was fond of wasn’t real, the sparkling cerulean eyes weren’t real, but, for just that moment, Sherlock didn’t care, and, if there was a moment to stop caring, it seemed only appropriate it be the last.
“I have been reliably informed they still exist.” Irene patted Molly’s head in demonstration, Molly swatting her fingers away with a good-natured huff before clicking at her mouse.
“No,” John answered, looking back toward the foot of the steps as he shook his head, hoping the woman wouldn’t notice the sheen over his eyes. “Lyle. I’m confined to quarters.”
Let's finish this bitch, who's with me!??! Not that this is the last chapter, I'm just battle-crying. Sometimes also regular crying.
It was late Saturday evening, not quite two days since Dimmock had visited them Friday morning, but 38 hours could feel like a lifetime when you weren’t allowed to leave. John had even been stopped from going to
His jaw twitched, just slightly, and then he pushed past John, rushing up the stairs like John had just declared a race.
“Hello?” John closed the door behind him, Sherlock not paying enough attention to have heard it open, and he glanced at the clock, frowning as he considered mechanical failure. John had only been gone three hours. “Mrs. Hudson? Is that you?” he called, stopping on the squeaking second step.
Sherlock snorted, looking to the wall as he shook his head with a mirthless smile. “No,” he said, voice almost as cold as his eyes when they met John’s, “you really don’t.”
Of course, that was the moment—John caught up in daydreams and feeling rather sappily dewy about the whole thing—that Sherlock chose to pounce on the back of his chair, neck stretching past John’s head as he poked at the computer screen.
It was awful how easy it was lying to John, how seamlessly he settled into day after day of hitched smiles and gentle laughs, radiating nonchalance while his mind was perpetually racing, spinning over everything he knew, and, moreover, everything he didn’t.
Unfortunately, Sherlock was finding it impossible to occupy his mind, his thoughts inevitably drifting back to John and Abigail laughing in a dimly lit restaurant, their fingers intertwined across the table. He lasted 45 minutes with his book before growing bored of the graphic descriptions of toxic-phase yellow fever symptoms and moving to the sofa, feet dangling over the edge of the armrest as he stretched across the length of it, flicking through the channels until he found something suitably distracting.
“Chemistry, history, and English lit,” she replied, smiling softly as she pulled a green notebook from her backpack. “How about you?”
Sherlock popped open the electric kettle, hovering it over the sink while the tap spluttered to life, bicep working as the water level climbed. He could feel Irene’s eyes on the back of his head, following him as he returned the kettle to its base and flicked it on, a red LED light illuminating as loose water droplets hissed into vapor. Opening a cupboard overhead, he grabbed one of the larger mugs, placing it beside the box of Tetley on the counter, his face pointedly averted. “Sugar?” he asked, unsurprised at Irene’s answering huff.
Right to the point here, I want to do a 31 Day Johnlock Challenge through October, and I need prompts! Something that can be written fairly quickly/be on the short side, and is autumn-related. Beyond that, anything goes! Scary, fluffy, smutty, Teenlock, Kidlock, just good ole Johnlock, I don't care! So, please, give me your ideas (and feel free to send more than one, as well as sending them past October 1st, as I can always add extras) either in comments here, at
Jordan passed it to Eli Caine eventually, but the poor boy was almost immediately tackled, and, with the ball hopelessly lodged in the resulting ruck, they were now lining up for a scrum. Taylor was in the middle of the front row, shouting threats John chose not to hear as he crouched down behind him, Mike at his side.
Sherlock scoffed, folding his arms as rattled his head out at the door, cheeks still burning even in Mrs. Watson’s absence.
it, but it was out there now, hovering thick in the air around them. John coughed. “I should go check on him though,” he muttered, rising from the bench and grabbing his shoulder bag. “Just in case.”
“But at what cost?!” Sherlock countered, and John laughed, shaking his head down at the small expanse of duvet between their folded legs. “If what I wanted to do required maths, I’d very quickly stop wanting to do it.”
watching Sherlock now, knowing what those shifting leg muscles felt like under his palms, what the sweat that dripped down his forehead while he danced tasted like when John kissed it off his neck, what exactly his gasps sounded like when he finished a routine, dropping into a chair and draining his water bottle as he wiped his forearm across his forehead, and now, more than ever, John knew he was never getting out, never
“Why are you asking me about dinner?” he sputtered, growing more impatient and anxious with every passing second. “What does that mean, ‘Dinner’?”
Lestrade leapt in front of the alcove, flashlight shining directly in their eyes, and Sherlock lifted his arm as a shield while John hissed.
“Oh,” John murmured, looking down as his fingers instinctively grazed across the embroidery, “um, second. But how did you know it was medicine?” He lifted his face, frowning across at the man. “Barts does dentistry too.”
“All sorted?” Aunt Claire asked, and he jumped slightly, hardly realizing his feet had taken him back to her while his brain was occupied.
Sherlock climbed up the hill after John, the blond’s athleticism winning out over Sherlock’s longer legs now that they were getting nearer the top, and he grit his teeth against the ache in his calves, trying not to betray any discomfort as John looked back over his shoulder.
“Not everyone,” Sherlock answered softly, not taking his eyes off the screen, but he heard John still beside him.
Sherlock scoffed, mouth opening with clear intent to retort, but he just as quickly faltered, lips slowly drifting shut as his brow furrowed thoughtfully down at the table. “I-I don’t know,” he breathed, eyes darting aimlessly over the white tablecloth. “I’ve never thought about it.” He was quiet a long moment, gaze sharpening as his forehead twitched in and out of pensive creases, and John eventually cleared his throat, seeming to startle him out of a trance.
“He’s in here every day,” she said, rolling her eyes as Sherlock narrowed his. “Or at least every night.”
“Known what?” he asked, and it was apparently the wrong thing to say, a brief flash in John’s eyes the only hint before he was stepping forward, positively screaming down at him.
“Indeed, it has,” Sherlock remarked, and one of John’s brows climbed speculatively in the corner of his gaze.
“Giving you your half,” he said, chuckling slightly at the obviousness of it as he finished splitting the potatoes and plopped the plate down across the table.
“I-I didn’t want to- Yeah, you’re right, it’s stupid.” A shifting of cloth. A deep breath. “Look, what I’m trying to say is-”
“He’s hiding something from me.” John didn’t know why he said it, why the gnawing feeling in his gut over the past two weeks formed itself into words at this moment, but it felt right, it felt true, and, most importantly, it felt safe hanging in the still, afternoon air between him and his oldest friend. All the same, he couldn’t look at Mike, and continued staring at the plaster overhead as he felt the bed shift with the boy’s movement.
When he’d started setting up his lovelorn friends in colleges—mostly to spare himself their whining—he had never thought he would use his strange curse of deductive reasoning to start a business, let alone a successful one. Molly, his roommate at the time, had suggested setting up just a small service in a corner of their living room, more a designated desk than an office, meeting busy students and haggard professors wearing sunglasses they thought made them incognito Captain America in coffee shops and cafes around Central London, compiling a small database from which to pick and pluck. He’d thought he would use it as a starting point, a diving board, bouncing from here into a more lucrative position that better suited the chemistry masters he was working toward, but, as it turned out—and as he should have expected, looking back—there is nothing more lucrative than romance. Sex may sell, but love was winning the lottery, and, when a small London newspaper ran a feature on his startup as he was entering his last year of grad school, a corner of their drafty two-bedroom apartment would no longer suffice, and so The Science of Attraction was born, his unconventional background earning him the title “The Chemist”.
“Healthy!?” he echoed, shaking his head at the sergeant, who blinked at him, stepping back with wary concern. “What, are you the shrink now? Tell me, Lestrade, how exactly
When it felt less dangerous, Sherlock rose from his chair, making his way toward the shorter man with slow movements and outstretched hands. “John,” he started, and the boy flinched, but didn’t flee, “I was going to tell you.”
John briefly considered pushing for a better tour guide, but a sharp narrowing of emerald-edged silver stopped that jest in his throat. “Nice,” he murmured instead, nodding appreciatively as he looked away from the glare. “Is this where you’d stay then? On leave?”
“So you were…a bartender?” John asked, just to be sure. “Like…a real bottle-tossing, drink-mixing, sob-story-listening bartender?”
“Yes, you do,” John snapped, standing nearly directly in front of him now. “You knew he was looking for a fight, and you just pissed him off more. Why?”
John laughed, shrugging as if to resign the point, and then turned his attention to the girl at the desk, speaking to her briefly as he relieved her of her duties.
Harry only nodded. “Mum’s new boyfriend. He lives with us. Well, her now, I suppose. She said she was gonna tell you.”
Sherlock Holmes stood in the misty rays of the floodlights, his curls slightly wilted from the damp, the pale angles of his face shifting responsively as Devon continued to speak to him, his frail fingers lifting up to brush a raindrop from his forehead, and John Watson fell in love with him.
The man bobbed the umbrella at him in wordless thanks, and then swept out the door, unfurling the black plastic over his head before slamming the passenger door and opening the one at Irene’s head.
!” He sat up just enough to rip the pillow out from under his head, holding it against his face with a forearm.
He blinked. “What?” he muttered, and Sherlock twisted toward him, shuffling to the edge of his seat and leaning forward, the drawstring of his sweatshirt swinging like a pendulum over his knees.
“My shift ends in an hour,” he said, grinning when Sherlock looked up at him, cheeks tinting red once more. “You can hang around, if you want; we don’t need the table again. I can still bring out your food though.”
“Well, er, actually,” he muttered, turning back to Mycroft, who dipped his head in wordless answer to the glance, “there’s, um- There’s some news on-on the-” The man faltered, dropping his chin as a swallow bobbed down his throat.
Sherlock shook his head, frowning as he paced across the front of the table. “No, not a partner. A mastermind.”
Avoiding any plays that required anything more than a short pass on his part, John managed to get through the remainder of the game without further injury to his shoulder—though he doubted it was anything more than a bruise, a pulled muscle at worst—and they were charging victorious into the locker room a mere fifteen minutes later, John shaking his head fondly as he watched the celebration. He gave a short speech, the typical tripe of not getting too big of an ego as they proceeded toward the final, and then everyone darted off to the showers, John lingering in front of the lockers as he gingerly peeled off his shirt. His shoulder was already starting to bruise, but a bit of prodding here and there determined it was nothing more serious than that, and a stint under the hot water took care of most of the rest, only a dull throb remaining as he changed, white t-shirt clinging to his steam-sticky chest.
“Thank you, Irene,” he repeated with notably less enthusiasm, and the brunette threw back her head and laughed, linking her arm with Sherlock’s as he shook his head, positively refusing to be charmed.
There was a sound from across the hall, the telltale squeak of the bathroom door, and, flustered with panic, Sherlock scrambled to grab up the items, shaking them loose from the skull as he leapt to his desk. Wrenching open the bottom drawer, he shoved some papers aside, pulling up the false bottom created solely for this purpose, and throwing the trio inside before resetting the scene and slamming the drawer shut.
“Well,” he chirped, stepping over Mr. Mitchell’s prostrate body as he strode toward the door, “if nobody else needs me to do their job for them, it seems I have plans.”
Sherlock blinked at him, turning to follow the gesture, and then leaned back, searching his eyes around as if stunned to see there was more to the room. “Oh…right,” he murmured, and then he cleared his throat, running a hand back through his hair and tugging down at the front of his shirt to reset himself. “Stabbing,” he added, pointing unnecessarily at the box, and then he moved back to unloading it, neck flushing anew as he avoided John’s eyes.
“Here we go!” John’s trainers appeared on the grass beside him, a clipboard dropping in front of his face, and Sherlock had to pull his hands away to take it, leaning a shoulder against the front of the cage to make up for the absence as he lowered himself to the grass. “There’s the usual stuff—name, address, references, what have you—and then a contract that says you’ll get her spayed when she’s old enough. We guess she’s about 7 months right now, but, since we can’t be sure, I’d suggest waiting about another month to be safe.”
Moran didn’t even hesitate long enough to blink, whipping his gun out from the strap on his hip and firing a single shot right between Boxy’s eyes.
John laughed, and then simply smiled, silently holding Sherlock’s gaze just long enough to feel important. “Sherlock,” he finally said, gesturing once again to the seat beside him, “get in the car.”
Mike smiled, shrugging a shoulder. “I just think it might be better to go to Harrison directly. It was his decision, after all, and you will need to deal with him in the future if Vincent is taking a step back. It may garner more resentment than necessary for you to go over his head.”
John blinked at him a moment, and then laughed, nodding down at his shoes. “I did, actually,” he chuckled, “but his name was Seth, not Kevin. You?”
Sherlock smiled, ducking his head as he quickened his pace, moving ahead to give the siblings a small measure of privacy.
John always thought, if he ever saw the ballet dancer anywhere but through the window of the practice room, he would look like a regular person, would lose the ethereal quality that held John in wordless rapture, but, as with most things in his life—totally being able to finish that paper in a night, long-distance relationships not being that hard, Netherlands winning the 2014 FIFA World Cup—John had been dead wrong.
His grip was firm, fingers rough and calloused as they wrapped around John’s. He was tall, somewhere around Sherlock’s height, and looked to be about the same age as Lestrade, perhaps a few years younger.
“No,” he had muttered, “I have plans,” he had said, but now, leaning against a metal support of the bleachers, fingers shaking as he puffed smoke out of his mouth in perfect rings, he wondered if he shouldn’t’ve gone with her.
,” she snipped, clanging the file drawer shut for emphasis. “You think I don’t know a creep when I hear one?”
Green Jacket’s salesman simper finally collapsed. “Roommate?” he scoffed, barking a laugh, throwing his head back in a way clearly more for show than genuine amusement. “Rough luck, mate. How long you been stuck with him, then, a week? Two? Bet you didn’t fancy that assignment. How many did he go through before you?”
“Save room for cocktails,” he advised, trading Sherlock for his empty glass. “I have a suspicion we’ll be needing them.” He bobbed his head toward the foyer, a newly arrived trio handing their coats off to the porter.
“What’s it say?” John folded his legs beneath him, mirroring Sherlock’s previous position, and leaned forward, his elbows perching on his knees.
He turned at the shout, but the doors had already closed Sherlock in the lift, and John smiled as he looked back to the snacks. He was tempted to get a Bounty just to provoke Sherlock’s hatred of coconut, but managed to restrain himself, settling on a Kit-Kat and two bags of sour cream and onion crisps. Not the healthiest of snacks, but he was tired after his Tuesday of chemistry and English, and Sherlock had whisked him away before he’d had time for lunch. He cradled the packaged food in his hand as he clicked the button, rocking his weight back on his heels as he watched the numbers dropping with the lift’s approach.
“No,” John replied, and Sherlock rolled his eyes. “What? I’m not in this scene,” he defended, lifting the book up to face the detective for emphasis.
“You’re getting me arrested for Christmas?” Sherlock asked as they walked out to the car, and John chuckled, opening the door.
He winced as he heard John shuffle behind him in the doorway. “No, I-I haven’t made any more progress.”
“No. Well, yes,” he added, shrugging a shoulder, and then turned his face up to John, an easy smile beneath bright eyes, “but not only that.”
, but the last day Sherlock could clearly remember was Wednesday of the previous week, when he had gone on his first case alone since meeting John. Logically, he knew he hadn’t known John very long, that it didn’t make any sense for him to be so essential, but sweeping his way around the Met and pointing out inadequacy didn’t feel remotely the same without him. He couldn’t remember what it was like before John, couldn’t revert back to his previous patterns of existence, those days unintentionally deleted in favor of brighter ones.
“Right,” Sherlock muttered, trying to appear engaged, but his eyes drifted in and out of focus, causing him to lose track of the ball until a roar from the crowd signified it had gone near one of the nets. “Who do we want to win?” he asked as New Zealand—the blue team, he’d gathered—scored, a small portion of the stadium roaring in triumph.
“You bloody bastard” John yelled suddenly leaping to his feet. “You bloody bastard. I fucking hate you! Sherlock, what the fuck do I do now? Why do you never think? Why?!” he screamed, slamming the half full bottle of whiskey against the hearth, glass and alcohol flying everywhere. “Fuck!” he shouted vehemently as he turned, towards the kitchen, tossing his chair aside as he went. Mrs Hudson appeared at the door a moment later, I hadn’t heard her footsteps on the stairs.
