‘Oh my god.’ Steve whispers, leaning heavily against the counter.
‘I think they used to be sweethearts too.’ Steve nods, ‘Kinda stings that he might get to shoot his shot twice when I haven’t even loaded mine.’
Like a museum artefact on display, Johnny Storm stands totally naked on the plinth, bar a few charred scraps of fabric covering across his muscled chest. His arms are thrown out languidly to the sides and between his legs kneels Tony, analysing a tiny fragment of blackened material on his thigh with a magnifying glass, his other hand curled around Johnny’s hip for balance.
‘Well, thanks. I’m surprised you still had room in that big, old head of yours to waste on me.’ Steve mutters, turning away.
‘Touchy.’ Clint grunts, jumping through the air and landing next to Steve in a flurry of black, ‘What crawled up your ass tonight, Double D, and do you mind if I join it?’
‘Good morning to you too, Stark.’ The unknown man laughs, casually taking a sip of his coffee, ‘I take it that you’re still upset about the mass spec incident?’
not a win!!
, a month or so in, despite his own famously outrageous personality, instead of matching Storm jibe for jibe and touch for touch anymore, Tony seems all types of thrown by the situation. Oscillating between slightly pleased, boldly reciprocating, and shyly unsure.
He doesn’t look up when Dum-e chirps a robotic welcome at Steve, his face wrinkled in concentration and a tiny screwdriver clutched delicately in his hand.
Tony, like a shark smelling blood in the water, instantly notices the dusting of pink on his cheeks and bursts in to raucous fits of lecherous laughter.
‘Oh yeah? Well, I’m sure the Human Torch can provide plenty of
‘Too dated.’ Steve declines, standing up from the sofa and walking slowly over to where the billionaire sits.
The flames however, disappear almost as quickly as they came, leaving behind the tall form of a young-looking man with darkish blonde hair and bright blue eyes. He stands on the landing pad for a moment, shielding his eyes from the bright sun, before stepping down with a laugh and walking towards them all.
Years later and Steve is now pretty much used to being an experiment. He knows that when it comes to love, he’s often a place-holder, a one-time experience, a memorable tumble in the straw with The Star Spangled Man with a Plan. He’s never even really minded it before much either; he likes to please people and Steve’s also not too proud to admit that, after years of nothing, it can be damn nice to be wanted.
As if to demonstrate his point, across the lawn Hulk wildly swings the still-twitching body of a robot around by its legs before catapulting it straight at Thor. Who, with his typical Asgardian enthusiasm, flies through the air to smash it ferociously with his hammer like a giant, metal baseball.
‘Guys, what the hell is that?’ She asks, voice full of concern, pointing up to a bright streak of light that suddenly bursts from behind a skyscraper several blocks away and barrels through the air straight towards the tower.
Usually, for Tony at least, this would mean a deluge of swearing, tremors and acrid explosions felt throughout the tower. However, in a rare strike of unexpected maturity, this time the billionaire decides
All he
‘As you wish, sir.’ JARVIS sighs, ‘Sending attached images to Natasha Romanov and Johnny Storm.’
‘You alright there, Hugh Grant?’ Tony questions teasingly, his tone amused and his eyes softening slightly with mirth.
‘So, anythin’ new with you?’ Bucky asks innocently, legs flung over the back of the sofa in Steve’s apartment and helping himself, upside down, to a plum from the fruit bowl on the coffee table.
‘It’s a bet then.’ Richards smirks, waving goodbye to Steve and pressing the button in the elevator with a ping, ‘Goodbye, Captain Rogers, it was lovely to meet you.’
‘I don’t know what you’re talking about.’ Steve growls, pushing himself up and stalking to the little sideboard where they put the used coffee things for the staff to take away, ‘The team is fine and I don’t see what it has to do with anything.’
‘The engineering kind.’ Tony grins evilly.
‘Coming from the man who designs his home with a sun-deck and then never uses it.’ Natasha smirks, eyebrows raised, leaning back elegantly on the bench with a sigh.
Not that Steve is jealous or anything mind you, that’d be highly unprofessional!
‘I highly doubt that.’ Tony replies, dropping his work and spinning round on his stool to face Steve, ‘You’re a terrible liar, Cap, and this has Natasha Romanov written all over it.’
‘Still not quite right.’ Steve murmurs teasingly, pulling him up by the hand and dragging him close to his chest.
‘I’m not upset.’ Steve tries to protest from his seat.
Most of the time, Tony flirts with
After that, there was the seemingly endless saga of ‘megalomaniacal purple weirdo who loves destruction and outlandish jewellery’, with the occasional interlude of ‘guess who’s dead now? Oh wait, never mind, Tony and Loki are back!’ — which honestly, the less said about all of it the better.
, was when you burst into my lab for no reason when I was experimenting with. . .’
‘Why?’ Steve sighs, not even bothering to protest this time.
So, yeah, Steve and Tony are benched for a month. With a further outrageously cruel caveat, that neither of them can actually return to active duty until they each sign a confirmation document that the
‘Rather a dull greeting, even from you, Captain.’ Loki tuts, walking gracefully up the wall to hover annoyingly on the ceiling directly in his line of sight, ‘No petty insults this time? No rousing speech on justice? No physically improbable yet predictable attacks with your precious shield?’
‘Tony, please, I can explain—’
‘It’s 6 o’clock somewhere.’ Tony shrugs, pouring the second measure back in to his own beaker and downing the whole lot in one, ‘There. I’m now sufficiently fortified to deal with human conversation. Hit me with your best shot.’
Bruce flushes scarlet, looking both aroused and intimidated in equal measure. Clint chokes on his hot-dog and mutters something about writing good eulogies. Steve takes the hint, grabs the paper and gets out of there as fast as he can in a cab headed straight for Stark Tower.
(After he’s finished righteously pummelling the good doctor’s creepy face in with his shield of course!)
know when to leave a situation the hell alone, Tony, and you should too.’
It can be distracting at times and it can occasionally get Steve’s chest pounding in a weak moment, but usually he can mostly ignore it.
‘Not going to happen, Mr I’m-Only-Good-At-Machines.’ Bruce calls back, childishly flipping him off with both hands.
‘What’s going on?’ Steve says, taking the moment of hush, as Tony taps furiously on his Stark-phone keypad, to make his presence known.
‘I didn’t used to
Steve feels like a lead weight drops down in to his stomach.
‘Yes, sir. Initiating emergency lockdown procedures.’
Its the start of August, NYC is sweltering and sluggish, but neither Tony or Reed seem to let that phase them as they drag their new fabrics in to the product-testing phase.
‘Flame on, Идиот.’ Natasha answers anyway, disappearing round the corner in a flash of black suit and red curls, leaving him lying on the mat with something twisted and ugly stirring in his gut.
‘You and Tony still be stubborn asses?’ Natasha asks, face smudged with the ash of a recent fire fight.
Steve doesn’t get back to the Tower until nearly five hours after the other Avengers leave the scene of the Dr Doom fight.
‘Stand down.’ Tony yells at her, when she swiftly pulls a gun out of somewhere inside her sundress, ‘It’s okay, Nat, he’s with me!’
recently.
‘Tony, what the— what in the hell was that?’ Steve splutters angrily, caught completely unawares and a little flustered.
‘Uhh, not right now, just give me a brief summary, please.’
Just as Tony shouts lasciviously over Bruce’s shoulder, ‘Tell Maid Marion, that if he’s never seen a man before, he’s more than welcome to come up to my room sometime and I’ll give him a full scientific demonstration.’
‘I understand you humans ill, Captain.’ Thor sighs, ‘Love should be the sweetest of all emotions, should it not?’
‘Uhh, lover?’ Tony chimes in helpfully.
‘F-fellas.’ Steve stammers, shock and rage blotting whatever he had been going to say completely from his mind.
Tony, freshly showered and smelling richly of sandalwood, putters around the bar fixing himself a whiskey sour.
Steve repeats the message once more after listening to it, letting it play while he’s sitting at his dinner table and blindly shovelling chow mien in to his mouth.
, Clint.’
‘It’s not— I’m not—’ Steve starts.
‘I, umm, well, I—’ Steve begins, wringing the piece of paper he’s still holding between his hands, ‘I wanted to ask, no, I wanted to say . . . that I. . . uhh.’
‘I just knew this was going to be a distraction.’ Pepper sighs in a long-suffering tone over the phone, ‘I warned Tony not to do it.’
‘I think you should.’ Natasha replies, throwing a widow bite his way and forcing him to eat mat for the third time in order to avoid it.
‘Let Fury and Hill deal with it, Cap.’ Tony says dismissively, ‘Or better yet, let Coulson do it. S.H.I.E.L.D brought him back from the grave to babysit us, after all, didn’t they? Plus, the undead do love the spotlight. Just look at how many zombie movies there are, he probably—’
second-in-commmand with their obnoxious super-powers and chiselled abs.
‘You’re avoiding Tony.’ She accuses Steve, swiping his feet out from underneath him with a wooden pole and sending him face first in to the sparring mat, ‘Why?’
‘Because, if any two people deserve to be happy, it’s you and Tony, Cap.’ Natasha states, as though it’s a quantifiable fact, ‘I don’t want to have to interfere, so, I strongly advise that you drop your jilted-maiden act as soon as possible.’
‘Get lost!’ Bruce shouts at the glass, though there’s no way Tony can hear him and the billionaire is walking away now anyway.
‘Me? Only
‘I know, I’ll start.’ Steve offers, bracing his hands on his knees, ‘I owe you an apology.’
‘Desperate, I get.’ Tony rolls his eyes, stalking up close to the counter and stealing a big gulp of Bruce’s green tea right from the mug in the doctor’s hands and then grimacing afterwards, ‘C’mon though, cher Banner, if you’re going to cheat on me with another scientist, can’t it be with anyone else
‘I thought you’d be pleased to have me out of the way.’ Steve interrupts, the cup he’d been holding for the entire conversation shattering suddenly under his grip, ‘I’ve been trying to give you space, Tony.’
‘Uhh, excuse you Mr Fantastic, triggered much!’ Tony gasps, his expression contorting with pretend pain, ‘The octopussies are never to be mentioned in this house, except on strict world-saving-business - you’ll upset our resident Captain otherwise. Don’t try and distract me though, Richards. You have yet to explain how
There’s only so long you can avoid all unnecessary contact with a teammate, that you have to save the world with on a regular basis, before people start to notice.
what’s going on? When naturally, you
‘Wait for me.’ Bruce calls after him, throwing his tablet down and sprinting towards the exit at breakneck speed.
Pepper assures Steve multiple times over the phone, that contrary to his constant moaning and threats to kick Bruce out the team for his treachery, Tony actually really likes Richards and respects him. The pair have known each other for years and just like to occasionally engage in the type of semi-unhealthy, egotistical competition that seems to be rife among every scientist Steve has ever met.
“Mostly,” Bruce said.  “I don't know, it's not-  It's not anything I've seen before, what is it trying to find-”
"Right," Tony said, as the thing seemed to wiggled up and over a chair, the movement strangely liquid.
“A lot of groups you join don’t have an easy escape clause, other than a coffin.” Bobbi’s head swung in the opposite direction, covering the ground he hadn’t.  “Like the Army.”
Tony spread his arms.  “C’mere,” he said, his voice gentle, as Steve went.
“You seem to have this pretty well in hand,” he said, even as he banked in a wide loop around her, firing the repulsors in short, controlled bursts.  The techno-cult that had been trying to build a bomb in the middle of Manhattan scrambled in all directions, screaming as they went.  “There.  I helped.”
“DJ,” Tony said, and Obie stopped.  Tony forced a smile onto his face.  “His name is DJ.”
Tony kissed him, hot and hard, and Steve's hands were on his ass, dragging him in, dragging him up. Tony wrapped his legs around Steve's waist, letting Steve take his weight. Steve barely seemed to notice, and God, but that was hot. “Car,” he mumbled against Steve's mouth. “Going to do dirty, filthy, depraved things to you in the car.”
Hammer's eyebrows jerked upwards. “Really.”
“No spitting on the floor,” Natasha said.  “Clint picks up bad habits so easily it’s not even funny.”
“Well, that’s just rude, brat,” he said, grinning at DJ.
DJ stood there, studying him, his face tight.  And then he turned, walking down the rest of the row.  Caught off guard again, Harris scrambled to catch up to him.  “Deej?”
“Twelve, actually, the parking garage is under the building,” Steve said. He glanced over his shoulder at Tony, and his smile was wicked and hot and worth everything. “I love you.”
“I think the marriage, I think that's the main thing,” Tony said, slumped back against the couch.  He had alcohol.  It helped.  It was a temporary way of coping and not a good way of coping, but he'd take it for the moment.
“He was a bit worried when  you didn’t show up for dinner,” Tony said.  He pushed the chair back, standing up with a slight groan.  He braced his hands on the small of his back, arching backwards.  “Remind me to have that chair burned.”
“Right,” Clint said.  “So.  You, Harris, the kid, and Lewis, in Vegas?”  Tony glared at him.  Clint looked around.  “Anyone in this room who spent six months keeping Lewis from getting shot, getting kidnapped, inciting an international incident, or blowing up a chunk of the sovereign state of New Mexico, raise your hand.”
“I mean, by saying you’ll ignore it, you’re kinda not ignoring it,” Clint said, as Carol put a foot on the back of his chair and gave him a shove.  His chair slid sideways, and Clint made a grab for the table to keep himself upright.  “Hey!”
(See the end of the chapter for
He didn’t stop until Tony indicated he should. Steve had plenty of things to say, and usually, he didn’t have anyone to say them to. Sure, he was being a little less… filtered with Tony than he might normally be, but, well. Steve was sure Tony felt vulnerable having a panic attack in Steve’s presence, so Steve might as well return the favor with a show of vulnerability on his side. Revealing a bit more of himself might build trust, assuming Tony was actually hearing him. And if he wasn’t, well, then it didn’t really matter, did it?
“There are no physical ailments, and the arc reactor seems to be functioning without complication,” JARVIS reported.
Also, you can come fangirl with me on Tumblr — I'm @superhusbands-superfan and I mostly reblog stony fics and content.
“You don’t have to,” Steve assured, quickly. “You’re more than welcome to go back out there. Or, you know, wherever. It’s your tower, of course, you can—”
Even though Tony nodded, he still flinched a little when Steve touched him, which made Steve wonder if this was the right course of action. He could be making everything worse.
“I can’t believe they won,” Tony said as he and Steve climbed onto the Tower elevator.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve is on the way!! Any guesses on what he's going to do when he gets home??
When his AI confirmed he was physically fine, Tony’s knees buckled.
Steve reached around Tony with the hand that wasn't on his shoulder to swivel one of the rolling chairs so that Tony could sit — or fall — into it. He rolled it closer; Tony didn’t seem to notice.
Steve stared at him, brow furrowed.
I'm surprised by how much fun I had with this chapter. It came together in my head fairly easily, (what?! That never happens) and I just sort of ran with it.
1) I had to go between so many "voices" for this chapter. My normal one for this story, the one Addison used to write them, AND then Steve and Tony's for the Tweets.
I am SO sorry. This chapter was another BEAST. I wrote and re-wrote it a few times, and I'm still not totally sure how I feel about it. But, I persevered.
(See the end of the chapter for
And, finally, 3) I barely proofread this all the way through once.
“Alright, then just turn the temperature way down in here,” Steve ordered. He remembered feeling like he was about to combust during his panic attacks.
“Oh.”
The title comes from the song of the same name by Lauv. I can't explain why, but ever since the first time I heard it, it's made me think of Steve and Tony :). Check it out here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a7fzkqLozwA.
As Tony called up the next episode of Parks and Rec Steve tried to find a comfortable position. It seemed impossible without touching Tony in about four different places.
“Why don’t we just blow it off?” Steve suggested instead, hoping that Tony would actually consider it if he offered up the alternative.
Tony: reinforced pencils (that Tony can mass-produce as needed), a sketchbook like the ones he had in the war, and a framed picture of Steve and the Howling Commandos that Tony had found when searching through his father’s collection of Captain America memorabilia
So... what did you think? I'm a little nervous about this chapter because:
questions in such public settings—”
There are some big things coming up for these two next, so I hope you'll stick with me and keep reading. I love you all, and I hope you have a lovely weekend.
Before he even got a word out, though, Tony reached forward and tugged on the sleeve of Steve’s coat, pulling his arm closer. Wordlessly, Steve resumed the slow, rhythmic way he’d been rubbing Tony’s shoulder before. Tony closed his eyes and relaxed further into his seat. At that, Steve started to speak.
Hey y'all!!! Happy Saturday! It's my birthday, but I wanted to give you all a little present for being such amazing readers <3.
If you have a second, let me know what you thought! Or subscribe if you liked what you read ;).
(See the end of the chapter for
It was nearly three by the time Steve and Tony both piled into the car Happy had waiting for them just outside the tower.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve finally gets brought in the loop :).
Even when he
“Best. Birthday present. Ever.”
Natasha: invited Sam, promised not to set Steve up anymore
The next morning Natasha told Steve to check Tony’s Twitter account and found a reply to his thread from the night before:
Obviously, this is just the start of their relationship and I have more chapters planned that really flesh out what/who they are to each other. But how are you feeling so far?!
Hey again everyone! Thank you so much for diligently reading my story. It honestly means the world to me. I'd love to hear what you think about the characters so far and about how everything is going, so drop me a comment - even if it's something super short I'll love reading it!
that Tony’s slight change in behavior was because of what Steve had said to him, but he suspected.
What did you think?!
Steve watched Tony walk without his usual confidence and swagger toward the bar and saw the way Tony was breathing: jagged and disjointed. When he reached the bar, Tony squeezed the countertop as if it could ground him.
Tony walked into their bedroom with the intent of joining Steve who he was sure would be asleep. It was 2 a.m., after all. It wasn’t unreasonable to expect Steve to be sleeping. The man got up at 6 every morning to go on a run.
So... what do you think? Tell me everything! Do you like the way I've written Bucky? Did you enjoy the Stony fluff at the top? How about that precious moment with Nat looking out for Tony?
Tony took it in stride, which Steve appreciated.
Clint finished blinking at Steve in surprise the minute Bruce returned with a bowl of popcorn for him and, just like that, Steve felt just a little bit more comfortable around his teammates.
He wasn’t
(See the end of the chapter for
The next chapter will be another little time jump, but I hope you'll all like it :). Thank you so much for sticking with me all this time. You're the best readers ever!
that weren’t mission-related, let alone with Tony. When he and Tony did talk for any length of time it usually involved the Avengers in some way, shape or form but Steve suspected that was the last thing Tony needed to be thinking about right now. That left him with limited options.
Hey guys, sorry again about the delay. I really struggled with this chapter for some reason, but I'm also pretty happy with the way it turned out. I felt like there was some good bonding, so I hope you guys see it the same way. Please, let me know what you think and what you'd like to see more of (or less of) in the future!
Tony huffed an unconvincing laugh.
“As if you’re any better,” Steve shot back, decidedly not bringing up the time when he’d try to blame his fairly evident pneumonia on allergies. That was a little to close to home. He elbowed Tony in the side. “Workaholic.”
A: The minute I saw him. Um. I mean — well, yeah. That’s what I mean. SHIELD sent over this Iron Man briefing packet and, of course, it came with his picture. He’s gorgeous. (3/5)
What did you think? I know there are hundreds of versions of the "Bucky returns" fics, but this was the one that I had to go with based on my take on everyone's characterizations.
Thanks so very much for reading. I seriously love you all so much.
At the moment, Steve’s analysis of Tony’s body language told him trouble was brewing. He didn’t have any first-hand knowledge of Tony to convince himself he was right without beyond all doubts, but he had a hunch.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
Today @IAmIronMan pointed out that something @AddMorre asked me about during one interview for the Times piece she wrote didn’t make it into the final draft (1/5)
Truthfully, I have a thing for headstrong brunettes with big personalities. But, you know, who doesn’t? (5/5)
“We should probably go back out there,” Tony said, graciously saving Steve from having to answer.
I can even give you a quick rundown of what you've missed if you don't feel like reading it all: This story picks up in June 2014, but Steve and Tony have been together since July 2013. I had the events of Winter Soldier taking place in April 2014.
Clint: A Shutterfly photo album of the team’s adventures since they began living together  — including all the tower antics, the missions, and one memorable trip to Coney Island. Also, five mini marshmallow shooters because why not?
“JARVIS, can you scan Tony and the arc reactor for physical problems?”
I love you all! I hope you enjoyed this story, and if you decide to continue reading, I hope you enjoy the stories to come just as much <3. If we don't cross paths again, thank you so much for reading. It meant the world to me <3.
“Crab rangoon,” Steve said, taking another stack of menus.  “Lots of crab rangoon.”
Steve dropped the file folder on O'Brien's desk.  It hit with a thump, and O'Brien glanced up, one bloodshot eye locking on Steve with brutal intent.  "Do we have a problem here, Rogers?" he asked, his voice cutting.
“Look, Coulson made it clear that I could be charged as an accessory after the fact, and I am, as we all know, a law-abiding citizen with a vested interest in avoiding scandal at all cost-” He gave Harris an innocent look.  “I was forced to comply with his demands.”
“Refreshing,” one of the Stranges said, and the other nodded.  “Have you considered a career in the mystic arts?”
“Get in.”
Peter took a deep breath of his own.  “There was this, this guy, and he was drinking a lot and getting on Thor’s nerves, and getting on everyone’s nerves, but everyone was being super polite, and then he started ranting about food trucks and how they were a plague on the culinary scene, and it was like a Reddit post happening in real life, I was like-”
His mother took a seat across the table from him.  “And what might those be?” she asked, reaching for the teapot.
"Temporary insanity."  She did a quick walk around him, her head tipped to the side, then stopped in front of him to adjust his tie, her long fingers sliding over the silk.  Tony tipped his chin up, letting her do it.  “Also, you did my interview at Disneyland.”  She gave his tie a pat.  “You rented out an entire restaurant in Disneyland to try to convince me to take this job.”
Tony studied him.  "You don't have sunlight in Manhattan?" he asked.
Bobbi slammed the door.  “If either of them gets out before we’re back at the house, I’m shooting them in the leg and letting Bruce deal with it.”
“Mistletoe attracts creeps,” Tony said, his attention on his phone.
In the silence that followed, he brushed flames away from his cape.  “Am I late?” he asked, his voice cheerful.
“Right,” Jessica said.  “I was going to ask 'why' you didn't live here, but that answers it pretty clearly, thank you.”
Steve’s eyes flicked open, his heart in his throat.
“Your what now?” Rhodey asked.
Bruce managed to smile back.  “Just fine.”  His eyes were locked on her skirts.  Tony didn’t blame him.  The fabric, if it could be called that, was moving in a very disconcerting way.  It was like a computer simulation that hadn’t been fed the right data, causing it to move in ways that didn’t quite obey the laws of physics, about to glitch out at any second.
“Rhodey’s not doing better,” Rhodey called.  “I damn well look better, but that’s not hard.”
Tony shoved a hand through his hair, pushing himself to his feet.  “Clever,” he said.  He waved off the men hovering nearby.  “It’s all right, we know who he is.”
Tony looked out the driver’s side window, but other than a few random passers by, there was nothing to see.  “How did you forgive him?”
"Not twelve?" Marjorie asked.
“Horrible,” Rhodey said with a grin.  “But stone fruit?  I’m your man.”
“I don’t-” Tony scraped a hand over his face.  “I don’t know.  Why does anyone expect me to know?”  He glared at Jarvis over the screen of his fingers.  “Why do you expect me to know?  You, more than anyone else, know that I haven’t a clue what I’m doing from minute to minute, so why do you possibly expect me to have a plan?”
“Fresh, hot, and as strong as we can make it,” the young man said cheerfully, reaching for a cup and a gleaming silver carafe.  He poured a cup off coffee with practiced ease, and held it out to Tony.  “Las Vegas knows two things, Mr. Stark: Good times, and hangovers.”
Tony ducked, instincts taking over, as paper came fluttering at him.  He caught a page, turning it over.  “What do you mean ‘another-’”
Jess looked at Steve, a hopeful look on her face.  He smiled at her.  “I think we can get churros,” he said.
“Ah,” Jarvis repeated.  He paused, his head tipped to the side.  "Is it working?"
"The Asian woman, in the left side of the press corral, orange jacket," Tony said.  He gave the crowd a smile.  "Do we know who that is?"
Tony almost could.  “I’m not sure I’m willing to secure a church just so you can taunt my business manager,” he said.
“Yeah.  You do.  We’ll be right up.”
“Fight, fight,” Greer said, around a mouthful of strawberry shortcake.  She picked up a petit four, her long, honed nails digging delicately into the cake as she held it up at eye level.
There was a polite, subdued tap at the door, just loud enough to bring Steve's head up.  Before he could say anything, Jarvis said, "I took the liberty of ordering room service for a...  Late breakfast."
Tony smiled.  “Okay.”  His finger tapped against the angle of his knee.  He thought about how DJ had folded in on himself, his arms wrapped around his head, his eyes squeezed shut.  “Was it too loud?”
“Gotta say, as much as I’m usually up for the sexy varient,” Darcy said, her hands on her hips, “As the only ‘lady varient’ of this group, I’m not willing to be ‘sexy Tony Stark.’  I’m not wearing a miniskirt.  Someone else can take that bullet.”
“Right, you are the worst liar, I don’t even-”
‘No,’ Clint mouthed back.   Out loud, he said, “Right, I agree!  I know, I know, just checking.  So, don’t want to throw off your schedule any moe than I already have.  Yeah, of course!  Bye!”
Tony didn’t seem to notice.  “Where’s DJ?”
Reality came crashing down on Steve like an ocean wave.  This wasn't real.  This wasn't ever going to be real.
“And I very much fear that the last has changed, without any of us knowing.”
Tony was smiling and he didn't know why.  He folded his arms on the railing in front of him.  “What if I say no?”
“I wasn't even here,” Stark told her, his hands spread wide.  “And despite what you might think, Janet, things happen that have nothing at all to do with you.”
“On it.”  Steve shot past, a blur of blue and red, and Natasha fell in right behind him.
DJ nodded.  "Still worth it.”
Nicholas nodded.  “You have no idea how honored I am to hear that.  He was a good man, a good king.  I always trusted the reports I got from Wakanda.”  His gaze slid to the side, catching on Steve and staying there.  Steve realized he’d fallen back into the posture that the army had beaten into him, shoulders back, chin up, eyes straight ahead.  Slowly, deliberately, Nicholas crossed to stand directly in front of him.  “Which is the only reason I gave any credence to this, particular, report.”
Steve’s head tipped forward, but not before Tony saw his smile.  “Always making me work for it, Stark,” he said, pushing away from the wall.
They were getting there.
“You are here so that you might broaden your horizons,” T’Challa said, the blade of his knife biting into the yielding flesh of the pear.  He cut a piece free and offered it to his sister, the gesture so gentle and familiar that Steve’s chest ached.
“No one’s getting in or out through that entrance,” Bruce said. “Tony’ll have to take him up the back way straight into the house.”
Tony didn’t look up from his newspaper.  “Thank you, Jarvis. You may deposit it directly into the hearth.”
"Yes," DJ said.
“Really just insufferable,” Steve agreed.
"Wake up."
Tony gave her a sideways look.  “Did you do something new with your hair?” he asked, eyeing the length of blue silk that had been tied in a massive, lopsided bow around her hair.  “I'm thinking you did something new with your hair.”
Tony considered him, his head spinning, his stomach churning.  The phone was in front of him, too far out of reach.  The door t the main hallway was behind Obie, and the door to the servant’s stairs was behind him.  Even with the desk as an obstacle, he knew he couldn’t move fast enough to get there before Obie caught up to him.  Or simply shot him in the back.
Tony grinned at Peter.  “You know I’m going to make you work for that fifty bucks, don’t you, kid?” he asked, his arms crossed over his chest.
DJ nodded.  “Yes,” he said.  His fingernail scraped along the side of the cup of soup.  He set it down next to his juicebox, his fingers lingering on the lid.  “I mean.  Considering.”
Clint tossed the shirt back towards the table.  “He was with you,” he said.  “What-”
Steve’s shoulders tightened, his jaw locking in place.  A great many words, most of them ill-advised, piled up behind his teeth, but before any of them could escape, Tony cut him short.  “I will not allow my house to be occupied.  No matter who is giving the orders, this is still my house,” he said, his words curt.  “And I’ve no interest in seeing uniforms marching up and down my halls.” He flipped to another page, his lashes sweeping low over his eyes.
“Excuse me, my concoctions are not 'ridiculous,'” Tony said.
Steve nodded.  “Someone…  On the team?” he asked, and she nodded.  Steve took a deep breath.  “Okay, then I’m going to say the same thing that I’ve said to anyone considering a relationship with someone on the team.  You ask, you take your shot, and if the answer is no, you drop it.  If the answer is ‘not now’ or anything other than an enthusiastic ‘yes,’ then you back off and let the other person make the next move.  If it comes down to someone feeling uncomfortable or unsafe, then it is the other person who will be asked to leave the team.”
“I think it’s been proven that we can’t,” Carol said.
“How about me, what?”
She rocked on her toes, weaving her fingers together in front of her.  “So, the desserts arrived.”
Tony looked up from his paperwork.  “Yes.  And I have a better one for you.”
She held up a finger.  “Don't.”
“Yeah, he was, and-” Rhodey frowned.  “He started a bar brawl.”
“If I promise not to tell Steve that DJ has, you know, inherited your complete lack of self-preservation, can we stop having this conversation now?” Bruce asked.
“Wha-” Startled, Steve let Greer tug him down the hall and around the corner.  A few quick steps, and she was shoving a door open, pulling Steve along with her.  Steve’s head swung to the side.  “Wait, isn’t this the women’s locker room?”
In the silence that followed, Steve set his coffee cup down, and Tony stepped away from him, just a step away.  "Why?" he asked.  DJ looked up, and Steve smiled at him.  "You aren't violent.  You've never-"
The back door opened, and a brown haired teenager, scrawny and awkward, came stumbling in, swaying under the weight of a large wicker basket that he held braced on his shoulder.  “Did we find him?” the boy asked, his cheeks pink and his hair sticking up in all directions.  The basket shifted, and he shuffled forward, trying to rebalance it before he lost his grip.  He blinked at Steve, and tried to smooth his hair down with his free hand.  “Hello, sir.”
DJ blinked at him, and darted around the desk towards them.  He crouched down next to the desk, his back braced against the wood, a solid silver candlestick clutched in his hands.  Tony stared at him.  “What're you-”
Bobbi and Natasha brought out pitchers of ice tea and lemonade, carafes of water and pots of coffee.  Steve and Bruce hefted crates of soda, the glass bottles clattering together with every step.  The bottles of wine they left to Rhodey and May, who carried them out of the cellar already wrapped in napkins to keep them cool.
There was a beat of a pause.  “Of course, sir.  I shall put the kettle on now, by the time they come in, I’m sure some cocoa and a bit of bread and jam would be appreciated.  After all, they’ll be cold and tired.”  Another beat.  “I do assume this request encompasses all three parties?  Not just the younger ones?”
Sam smiled.  “Yes, your Majesty.”  He took a deep breath.  “There were… Complications.”
She gave him a look.  “Like I told Clint.  If you're part of the marriage?  You can't collect.”  And with that, she walked around the corner and was gone.
“I’m on the throne because they could all agree, none of them wanted me there.  The King’s death caught everyone off guard.  There was no time to consolidate power, no time to make alliances.  It was a race to determine if someone could take the crown without all out war.”
“It was one time,” Steve said, his face flushing. “It was. One. Time.”
Some idiot had pulled back the shades in the living room, bathing the penthouse in cheerful, golden morning light.  Tony considered hissing at the world in general, but contented himself with trying to figure out where the kitchen was.
"Right!" Jess was already shaking her head, both hands up now.  "And I'm out.  Not part of this conversation.  Not at all part of this conversation."
Without looking back, Tony turned towards the stairs, one foot braced on the bottom step.  “Come on, Deej,” he said, holding out a hand.  “It’s dinner time.”
“Did I-” Tony started, and there was a tremor in his voice that he hated.  He swallowed hard, and tried again.  “Did I scare you?”
Stark studied him, his eyes narrowed.  Finally, he nodded, his chin dropping in a sharp nod.  "Fine," he said.  He ducked his head, pulling his gloves back on.  "Never let it be said that I didn't humor Miss Potts' horrible ideas."  He turned back to the billiard table, staring up at the damaged light fixture.  "Jarvis, find him a room."
“Want us to go, or stay?” Franklin asked immediately.
"The war changed a lot of things," Steve agreed.   "Which is why I am here to provide a police detail, not fix-" He waved a hand towards the plans.  "Other things."
“At the time, it seemed like a really sick burn,” Clint said.  He nodded.  “That might’ve been the alcohol talking, though.”
Steve scowled at him, his face wary.  “Something funny?” he asked, and there was a tension in his voice that Tony didn’t quite understand.
There was a damn fountain under the damn stairs.  He didn't even know how to process something like that.
Steve paused, confusion sweeping over him again, a little thicker this time. “Badminton,” he repeated.
He shifted his weight and the 'marriage license' in his pocket crinkled against the railing.  He reached down, his fingers smoothing over the fabric, making sure it was still safe.  He wasn't sure why.  He should throw the damn thing out before anyone else saw it.  It was childish.  Foolish.  Pathetic.
Steve’s gaze floated from her, and down into the darkness.  It was almost hypnotic, that heavy, empty, consuming darkness, it threatened to swallow him.  It threatened to draw him down, to pull him in, to drown him.
“Ah!” Jarvis stepped back, waving Steve through the door.  “Good day, Officer Rogers.  To what do we owe the pleasure?”
Steve crept across the room, giving the cat an idle scratch on the head before he pulled DJ's blankets back up.  DJ half rolled over, and the cat stood, stretched, and followed him, lying down against the small of his back.  “Keep him warm, okay?” Steve whispered to Furbro, who reached out with one paw, swatting idly at his fingers.  Laughing under his breath, Steve slipped back out of the room, pulling the door shut behind him.
“I love how you think that Tony is in charge of anything here,” Bobbi said, tapping him on the tip of his nose with the spoon.
He raised a hand in a vague wave before throwing the fridge door open and leaning into it.  “Hey, Carol?”
Tony knew he shouldn’t laugh.  It was harder than it should’ve been.  “In that it was your fault.”
Habit, by now.  A place for everything, and everything in its place.  Including him.
He nodded.  “Yes.”
“Not those specific things, not specifically,” Peter said.  Jarvis’ other eyebrow raised.  Peter huffed out a breath.  “I might have breached a subject or two, in a very roundabout way.”
“I really don’t care if I disappoint you,” Tony said, and even he could tell that was a lie.  He narrowed his eyes at Jarvis.  “I am in charge of this house.”
Steve took a sip of his coffee.  “Thing I’ve learned about easy money,” he said, “is that the two words don’t go together as often as we think.”
"No, not a problem, it's-"  Steve braced his hand on the edge of the table.  "There's an error."
Tony leaned back against the wall.  “Jarvis sent you the schematics, didn't he?  And the video?  So what else can I tell you about-”
Clint was carrying a plush unicorn under one arm, a sausage shaped tube of plush with a goofy face and four stubby little legs.  Harris had no idea where or when he’d acquired it.  And he wasn’t sure he wanted to ask.  “Do we even know what we’re looking for?”
“I've been yelled at by all and sundry already today,” Tony said, his teeth clicking around each word.  “So if you've got opinions on this situation that I won't particularly like, I can pencil you in for Tuesday, or Thursday if you want to do a pre-breakfast meeting.”
She was a small woman, with a round face and straight black hair.  When the wind kicked up, he caught a glimpse of bright, almost florescent pink, hidden under the more work appropriate jet strands.  Dark eyes met his without flinching, sharp and direct, her high, round cheeks pink.
“No,” Steve repeated, but he was laughing now, his hands tight on Tony’s waist.  “Can you stop, it’s-  No.”
Jesse took it with a pleased smirk, and offered the folder in exchange.  “Enjoy.”
“Hey.”
Tony looked at him, and Steve shook his head.  “No.  I don’t believe it either.”
Steve glanced at him.  “Go ahead?”
“Which is good, because I need to go keep an eye on your loser of a father,” Rhodey said, reaching for his uniform jacket.  “But I can come back afterwards and you can show me how you unjammed that defective and poorly designed elbow joint that he foisted on me.”
He looked at it, his expression suspicious.  But he reached out to take it anyway.  "Sure.  Options are good."
He lunged for DJ, who backpedaled, almost crashing into Steve’s legs.  Steve made a grab for him, and so did Tony, but DJ slipped out of reach, ducking under their arms.  Tony crashed into Steve’s chest, and they both froze, face to face and chest to chest, and DJ grabbed the newel post, swinging himself around and hopping down the steps.
There was a long beat of silence.  “Wow,” Clint said.
“Foul,” Steve said, his voice soft.  “YOu didn’t answer the question.”
“DJ’s missing, we think he’s been kidnapped,” Steve said.  “And if that’s the case, someone might try to cover their tracks, and remove any records Hammer might’ve left.”
“And yet, here we are, I am and I have, and now it’s just a matter of seeing if you’re a man of honor who will live up to his commitments and set a good example for his son, or just a coward who won’t-”
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XqZsoesa55w
She smiled.  “I know you were attached to it, that a friend made it for you,” she said, her voice proud.  “So I honored his design.”
DJ nodded, his hands braced on the bench.
Harris managed a smile for him.  “Nothing to be sorry about,” he said.
Tony brought his chin up.  "You're angling to be the first," he said.  He turned back to his work.  "Dispose of the urchin.  And put a note on him that he is not to be fed in the morning."
“Oddly, I’m okay with this,” Tony said.  His tongue flicked out, tracing the seam of his lips, and Steve shifted in his chair, heat curling in the pit of his stomach.  Tony’s nose wrinkled.  “Lacks the airy snap I’d expect.”
Billy swiped his wrist across his nose.  “If you say so,” he said, in a voice that made it clear that he didn’t agree with that decision.  “Answer’s no.  Like I said.  He has his plots and schemes, but he’s also smart enough to know that if he ain’t here if someone from the Board comes knocking on the door, there’ll be hell to pay.
“That's...  Very descriptive,” Jan told her, her lips pursed.  She grabbed Clint's hand, and, one foot bare, he fell into step with her.
He hooked a foot under the edge of the fridge door, pulling it open with a flick of his leg.  “Don’t you think I would’ve learned my lesson the last time that I-”  From the other end of the line, Harris heard a rattle of nervous words that he couldn’t quite make out.  Tony stared at the wall, his expression pained.  “No, seriously, Pep, when’s the last time-”
“I just got back from Europe,” Tony pointed out.
“No, I'm a useless lesbian who never managed to attract a proper butch girlfriend,” she said, and Steve choked on a laugh. “I thought WWII Army uniforms had ties.”
Tony nodded.  “Right.  Right.”  He pushed himself to his feet.  “Nat?”  She looked at him, the blender cup in one hand.  He nodded. “I might have to throw up.”
“Thanks for the story, your highness, time for you to be off,” Bucky said, taking her bowl out of her hands.  “Before Okoye comes looking for you.”
“Then why haven’t they?”  The blonde opened his mouth, and she held up a hand.  “Not here, not now, I get it, whatever your documentation problem is, as long as they’re adults, I do not care, but why are they doing it now?  When they can’t do it legally?”  She paused.  “Not to be rude, honey, but is this their idea or yours?”
Jarvis's eyes flicked upwards.  "Sir, really, you're exaggerating."
“Right, sit down, junior, until you’re old enough for us to go to work on you.”  Moondragon put a firm hand on Peter’s head and pushed him into one of the lobby seats.  His knees buckled, and he landed with an audible thump.  Moondragon leaned over his shoulder, a frightening smile on her face.  “Comfortable?”
“For you?” Steve asked.
Steve stood up.  “Instead, I married him.”
Steve's fingers flexed on the edge of the bench, his knuckles going white with the pressure.  "I might've gotten married."
“Are we ready?”
Darcy looked down.  “Aw, thanks, botboy.” she picked up the box, giving it a little shake.  “Is it…  A WEAPON?”
“Welcome to the club,” he said.  “Hogan!  Watch the elbows, you damn-” He ducked around Happy.  “Not everything is a boxing match.”
“Yeah, but you’re trying, good for you.”  Clint looked back over his shoulder.  “The staff did NOT look happy with us just now.”
Steve’s fingers flexed, and the metal handle on the trashcan lid twisted in his grip.  “They won’t,” he said, and turned back towards the alley where the second man had been hiding.
Steve stepped around him, running for the front door.  He found Happy waiting for him on the street outside, the engine revving in the car.  They peeled away from the curb before Steve could even get his car door shut.  “It’s not good that you’re not fighting me on this,” Steve said, wrestling the door shut.
"This is conjecture on my part, of course," Jarvis said.  "Merely my own educated guess, from observation and analysis."
Rogers nodded.  “Yes.  It was.”  He leaned back.  “I read it, you know, it was very well done.”  He smiled.  “I liked it, actually.  It was…” He looked up at her.  “Kind.”
“You showed a lot of restraint,” Steve agreed.  “I’m proud of you.”
“Yeah, now he's retired to just heading like, six different charity boards and running one of the biggest soup kitchens in the city, pretty much single handedly,” Eli said, turning the tray without being asked so his grandfather could reach them all without effort.  “Don't make eye contact with him, or you'll end up helping out there, too.”
“Tony, you might’ve deleted the emails, but I didn’t.”  She crossed her arms over her chest.  “It was nine.  You’d made up your mind.  You just didn’t want to admit it.  Which, whatever.  None of my business.   Until.  You know.”  Her head tipped to the side.  “It impacts my business.”
“Hank, no insult here, but the only two women I'd even consider marrying are sitting at this table, and Pepper already has too much to handle when it comes to me and my business.”  Tony leaned his chin on one hand, ignoring the way that Obie scowled at him.  “Mind if I borrow yours?”
“I mean, it’s an excuse to eat chocolate,” Tony said.  “And I like having excuses.”  He pressed a kiss to Steve’s neck, his beard rubbing against Steve’s skin.  “You did a good job.”
Steve grinned at him.  “Yeah.  Isaiah, Eli, this is Tony.  Tony, this is Isaiah Bradley, and his grandson Eli.  Isaiah was a friend of Chef Erskine's.”
“Diplomatic.”  Tony nodded.  “Thanks, Jay.  I’ll talk to him.”  He turned towards the staircase, heading downstairs.
Sam stepped forward, and the man’s head tipped in their direction, a single brilliant eye catching the firelight, gleaming in the shadows beneath his hood.  “Good evening.”
“Getting sick of playing backup,” Steve said, but he subsided back against the wall, watching Tony go, Marcy right beside him.
“Right, right, go weed the garden, and save me some pickles,” Tony said with a grin.  “Say good bye, Steve.”
Rogers studied him, his face unreadable.  “It's too late to start this,” he said.
Steve looked at Tony, his pulse thudding in his ears. “What does it…”
"About what?"
But the entryway was deserted.
“Right,” Tony said.  “That’s.. Probably for the best.  And that was the way the night started.”  He took a deep breath.  “Is…  Is that the YouTube video?”
“Woo it up,” Sam agreed, his fingers squeezing Steve's.  “Flowers, chocolates, breakfast in bed, romantic movies, sappy text messages.”
“At any point, did you remind Steve that he needs to use his words?” Jan said, her arms crossed over her chest. “Did you point out that verbal communication is the basis of a stable relationship?”
“Hawkeye?”
He wasn’t sure how long he’d been sitting there, focusing on his breathing, but a sharp rap on the window, just next to his head, had him fumbling for the button.  “What,” he said, not bothering to open his eyes.
“I like my blanket,” Tony said. He grinned. “I really like my blanket.”
Could see something.
He’d made a lot of bad decisions, based on gut reactions, poor judgement, and a keen sense of justice.  Bucky always said, he never remembered to look before he lept, and sometimes forgot to correct that error even long after his feet had hit the ground.
Steve's lips twitched.  “I think that's a conversation I need to have with him, and not you.  Don't you?”
Natasha tapped a finger against her cheek.  “The second one?” she asked, a faint smile on her lips.
“Right, because wearing a mask will go over well,” Rhodey said, his lips twitching.  He braced his hands on his knees, broad fingers flexing against the planes of his legs.  “Besides, Tone, pretty sure they've heard.”
“Oh, clearly,” Steve agreed.  “I just didn’t realize there was a Paris in Kansas.”
“I knew I was going to die,” she said, the words still and calm.  “I didn’t see any other way out or any way forward, I was going to die and that had been a long time coming.
Tony grinned.  “One of these days,” he said, playing with Steve’s fingers, “I’m going to just light a fire and you can nap on the fur rug in front of it.”  He stared into the flames, a wicked smile playing around the corners of his lips.  “Stretched out, all that beautiful skin, bronzed by the fire.”
“Who are you calling?” Tony asked him.  “If it’s Coulson, I’m going to punch him, too, I swear to god, I’m going to punch everyone, he’s twelve and-”
Tony heaved a melodramatic sigh.  “I will learn to tolerate it.”
Tony laughed, warm and easy.  “When are you ever by yourself?” he asked.
DJ blinked at him, and then twisted around, looking back towards Hitomi.  She didn't look up from her peeling.  "What?" she asked, a smile hovering around her mouth.  "If you tell him, you tell him."  She rolled the pear against her palm, the blade of her knife sliding neatly under the peel.  "I think he can be trusted.  Do you?"
Pepper looked down at DJ.  “I cannot imagine this sweet child being a problem.” She crouched down, her arms looped around her knees.  "Would you like to come with me?" she asked, giving the boy her most winning smile.
“Yeah,” Bucky said, kicking at a tendril with one boot.  “That’s one way of putting it.”  He crouched down, lifting a leaf.  “Steve, give me your knife.”
One of the massive bots shifted forward, and the boy's eyes slid in that direction.  A light broke from its moorings, sparks crackling across the feed, and it went out for a second.  The visual gone, there were only the words, continuing on, an unforgiving march of syllables.
A little warning here for some stressful situations.  A small amount of child endangerment (self inflected because DJ is a dumbass) and some parental arguments.
Laughing, Happy wrapped an arm around Hammer's shoulders. “Call me Happy. All my friends do.”
"And where are-"
Tony grinned at him.  “Not for long.” He looked back at the old man, who was struggling to his feet now, setting his cane against the side of his stool.  “No, you don't have to-”
“Feeding them was a mistake,” Sue said.
The building was familiar and foreign at the same time.  His small apartment was exactly as he’d left it.  It was too cold and too small, the window and walls barely kept out the wind or the noise of the city.  He flicked the overhead light on, and it did little to push back the darkness, which clung to every surface.  Shadows made a film on the walls, on the ceiling, like coal dust, like soot.  A narrow space with a low ceiling, a handful of shelves, a table and a chair and a bed, all of which were just too small for him now.
Tony pushed away from the workbench, snagging his phone as he went. "This sounds like an actual conversation that you have had."
“It’s not-  Jesus!  What kind of deviant do you think I am?”
“Absolutely not,” Tony said, going back to his phone.  His phone was his only lifeline at this point.
A muscle in Tony’s jaw jumped.  “If they wanted me-”
The redhead in the neat black maid's outfit seemed to consider that.  “That is what Mr. Stark says,” she said, her eyebrows arching.  “And Mr. Stark is never wrong.”
“You’re not a French chef,” Steve said.
“I like it,” Tony said, leaning his chin on Steve’s shoulder.  “Jarvis?  Can you inform Ms. Van Dyne that we are on our honeymoon and will inform her when our schedule opens up?”
Tony stared at him.  “Did you just insult my hair?” he asked at last.
He didn’t know how long he’d been sitting there, staring into space, before Tony sank down next to him.  “Steve-”
Tony folded his hands on his stomach.  “Please, stick around,” he called back. “I'm enjoying the show.”
A shriek of high pitched laughter cut him off, almost mid-word, and Tony glanced towards the door just in time to see a small, very bare form go streaking past. Amused, Tony pushed himself to his feet.  “Hold that thought,” he said to Obie, striding across the library.
“Well, I’m glad you’re not drinking it,” Steve said.  He walked over, slipping the bottle from Tony’s fingers and pulling it away.  He set it on the desk, rubbing Tony’s forehead with his other hand.  Tony grumbled at him, but leaned into the touch anyway.  Steve leaned a hip on the edge of his desk, smiling down at him.  “What’s wrong?”
“Of course, sir.  As soon as you've finished breakfast and we've handled the dishes.  And the linens.  And your shirts are back from the laundry, but will need to be pressed.  There's also the canning, Mrs. Parker couldn't possibly leave that half finished.  And-”
“There you go,” Tony told him.  “The kid likes books, you like books, books, sandwiches, soda, it's easy to do and no one has to find shoes.”
“Don’t worry.”  Bobbi’s voice echoed down behind him.  “There are lights.  There’s always light.  If you’re willing to risk it.”
He lowered the window as he rolled the car through the gate.  “Bill,” he called, and the man who had opened the gate jogged over.  Happy leaned out the window.  “This is Rogers.”  He tipped his head in Steve’s direction.  “He’s got full access, understood?”
“See, I think what you’re missing,” Steve said, setting the basket down and reaching for the buttons on his jacket, “is that we’re all alone in this big, empty house, and I’m not interested in following your orders.”  His teeth flashed in a dangerous grin, and the shudder that ran through Tony had nothing to do with the cold.  “I think I’d like to see how good you are at obeying.”
“Thanks for agreeing to join us,” Steve said. He waved at Ellen. “Have you met?”
Cynthia reached out, her hand clasping his arm just above the elbow.  “You did fine,” she said, with a smile.  “Just...  Tell them the truth and listen.  The listening is important.  Most of them, no one listens, or they-”
“Fine,” Coulson said.  “Captain Rogers, Mr. Stark, if you would-”
Sam yelped, his feet skidding on the floor.  “What?”
“I'm always right,” Val said, her voice smug.
“Yeah, but let’s be honest.” Her hands, clad in a pair of battered leather work gloves, went to fists, and she flexed, her arms over her head in the classic bodybuilder pose.  “Be a shame to cover up these guns.”
The king smiled back, a slight, sad sort of smile.  “I was sorry to hear about your father’s passing,” he said.  He looked at T’Challa, then back to Shuri, his one dark eye sharp.  “He was one of the finest men I’d ever met.”
“I’ll do my best,” Steve said, and Tony cut the phone call.  He hated good-byes.
Tony looked like he was asleep on his feet, his eyes glassy and unfocused, his skin a pasty grayish-white.  His hands shook, his breath coming in raspy, uneven bursts.  Steve glanced across the kitchen, catching Bruce's eye.  Bruce shook his head, his mouth tight.  Steve gestured in Tony's direction, his eyebrows arching.
“He is just as you made him, all those years ago,” Clea said.  “Nothing changes who he is, at his core.  But despite that, when he smiles at you, when you hear him laugh, or cry, when he speaks, when he dreams, when he is human, a human child you can hug, that is magic.”
Tony’s phone vibrated across the dashboard of the car, shaking itself into an impotent rage.  Tony ignored it, his attention focused on his coffee.  It was cold, and it hadn’t been good when it had been hot, but at this point, he didn’t care.  It was something to think about, other than the fact what, exactly, he was letting happen here.
“Not well,” Tony said, scowling down at his phone.  “Which is why, despite my occasional drunken engineering session, I’ve never gone with that hotpants option.”
‘The relationship ended during a holiday to the Caribbean island of Antigua, Captain, after Mr Stark and Mr Storm argued and Mr Storm set fire to the hotel bed.’
‘The Hulk’s pants keep catching fire.’ Tony finishes with a childish laugh of glee.
‘As the answer has already been released in to the public domain via People Magazine,’ JARVIS says in a voice that
‘Yeah? Well, sorry to burst your bubble. Thor’s down the hall, third door on the left, the handle sticks, so jiggle it a bit.’
Tony snaps his gaze from his drink up to Steve sharply, expression pained.
‘Yep.’ Steve puffs out through his front crawl.
, your friend, in order to actually
‘Thanks but no thanks. This ain’t that kind of problem.’ Steve says roughly.
‘Upset isn’t the word.’ Tony glowers, ‘Only
‘I’ll see to the them.’ Steve says sternly, squaring his shoulders.
of the beach house though. I’m a lab-rat, Rogers, or a workshop-rat, whatever you want to call it.’
Even back in his army days, Steve was never the guy to talk crude in the mess hall or whistle out obscenities at the nurses. Bucky used to say that he was too damn catholic for his own good, but Steve disagrees. It’s got nothing to do with being catholic, it’s just got everything to do with being shy.
‘I disagree. I think I’ve met at least one handsome lab-rat in my time.’ he murmurs softly, his face suddenly so close to Steve’s ear, that he can actually feel the flickering touch of Tony’s breath against it, ‘Now, tell me what you’re working on today. You always paint so lovely, Captain and you know how I just
he hadn’t told anyone apart from JARVIS that he was coming to help him with his developments.
Everything - apart from strangely Steve’s reborn friendship with Tony - seemed as astronomically screwed up as it was ever going to get.
It was
morning however, instead of  his beloved silence, Steve hears loud voices before he’s even opened the kitchen doors and is surprised to see the place pretty hectic when he steps inside.
It’s a tempting thought, but though he’s keen as they come for it, Steve’s in a little too deep these days with his feelings to just be a one night curiosity or a Pepper-rebound mistake. His days of facilitating bisexual awakenings for men he loves are over.
Steve doesn’t get why they can’t just drunkenly scrap it out like normal guys, but then again he’s not a genius, just a time-travelling artist from Brooklyn.
after Thor had promised him an all-night, Asgardian-Royal-Siblings consolation-fuck with him and Loki as compensation, he had never been so quick to say yes.
that occasionally - when curiosity takes them, when they’re bored or when they're particularly emotional -  guys like to experiment with their own sort a little.
Not trusting himself to formulate a response, Steve had simply turned on his heel and fled.
‘Home run for Odinson!’ Clint yells hoarsely at them, attempting to lift Natasha up in to a cheerleader hold before she promptly decks him to the ground without ruffling a single hair on her own head.
‘Who am I kidding, of course it is.’ Tony finishes, shock disappearing and his anger returning with a powerful vengeance, ‘Makes perfect sense. Why bestow even a single minute of your precious time upon
‘Huh? Do you hear yourself?’ Tony says, laughing contemptuously and pacing his side of the room in frustration, ‘I have no idea what’s gotten in to you this week, Cap. In fact, do
Back then, he used to moan to Bucky all the time that all he wanted was a little bit of peace and quiet and maybe a butler to pick up after himself.
‘Get Tony Stark to be your sugar-daddy boyfriend? I know, Cap, we
‘Better cover your ears, JARVIS.’ Tony answers in a low, passionate whisper, his eyes locked on Steve with smouldering intensity, ‘I’m about to fuck the living daylights out of a national icon.’
‘Ah . . . ’
‘Yes, Captain?’
Yet, as Natasha likes to remind him, Tony is no longer giving the supersoldier his undivided attention anymore, he’s giving it to Johnny and Johnny is giving it back.
is an alluring smile, ‘After all, in
‘Thanks, Buck, you’re a real pal.’ Steve smiles, though it doesn’t quite reach his eyes.
It happens occasionally, usually when they’re playfully bantering and Steve seems to be least on his guard. Tony will suddenly get all up in his space, voice low, eyes flashing and his touches hesitant and chaste yet firm and tempting too.
‘Indeed they are, Captain. Shall I call your private elevator to take you down there, sir?’
‘Geez, crawl out your own ass! You think I came all the way from Wakanda just to mess with you?’ Bucky  scolds him, flipping himself up the right way and throwing the plum at Steve’s chest, ‘I can think of plenty of ways to spend an afternoon in NYC that don’t  involve you and your cloying catholic guilt.’
‘Yes. He apparently asked Bruce whether ‘Friend Anthony’ had done something to offend ‘Noble Captain America’s’ honour again and whether he should start to prepare for another duel.’
‘Goddamn it, Storm. I told you to come in via the lobby! What part of that did your pea-sized brain translate to mean fly in through the windows like a human bazooka?’ Tony yells, striding crossly over to join him, ‘If I hadn’t been out here, you’d of got your ass handed to you by a pissed-off assassin and a legendary supersoldier.’
‘Ouch, frosty welcome.’ The guy responds jokingly, leaping down another flight of steps and flinging his arm around Tony’s neck happily, ‘I thought we were all kissed and made up, Tony. You know, I’d heard from Susie that you’d gotten serious, but this I didn’t expect! How long has it been? Six, seven years maybe? Is this any way to greet your old buddy Human Torch after all this time?’
Under the star on his chest, Steve feels something visceral give a fluttery, lurching thud inside him and a dazed feeling of joy sparks unbidden up the nerves in his spine.
‘It’s unprofessional for one,’ Natasha calls back, walking away towards the gym doors, her hips swinging hypnotically, ‘and two, Tony might actually start to think he’s blown his chance with you and then get back together with his ex for real.’
‘Both of you get lost please, I don’t have time for this.’ Daredevil sighs in a long-suffering way.
‘Don’t need to.’ Bucky shrugs, cracking a cold beer open with his teeth and spitting the cap in to his hand, ‘Says it all really, don’t it?’
When Tony
More surprisingly, S.H.I.E.L.D doesn’t seem to want the Avengers for anything nefarious either and Charles Xavier had assured Steve on the phone that his X-men were more than capable of handling anything crazy that might happen in the next few weeks on the east coast.
a ridiculous side-project and I really wish Tony and Reed would grow up sometimes. I actually meant Johnny.’
‘I’m really starting to regret this.’ Bruce glowers at Tony, shaking his head and spinning the holographic image around to look at it from another angle.
‘You’re a useless scientist for one.’ Bruce says darkly, though not darkly enough for any of them to be worried.
‘Oh, yeah? Just you wait, Igor.’
company instead.’ Steve spits, dodging the splinters of a vase as it shatters on a TV screen behind him.
.’ Thor’s voice booms as he bursts in to the room - followed by a pissed-off looking Clint - rattling the remaining glass in its frames and sending sparks of blue lightening snapping through the air, ‘Is this the way warrior leaders of Midgard behave? For sure, I am ashamed of you my shield-brothers.’
‘You put 1kg of exposed lithium in it, what did you expect?’ Bruce huffs, scowling and grabbing his mug back from Tony, tipping the rest of his tea away and pouring himself a new one, ‘Also, you got any other suggestions for world-renowned scientists with expertise in incendiary-proof polymer composition?’
‘Мужчины глупые.’ Clint reassures her.
, for the romantic thrill-seekers, of which there have been many, Tony
are the times that make Steve’s head spin and fear start to prickle in his gut.
‘He’s dead.’ Bruce says blandly.
‘Hmmm, what about boyfriend then?’ Tony laughs, looking up at him with eyes full of mischief and affection.
‘Shit.’ Steve curses, scrubbing at his face with his hand, ‘I’m sorry, that wasn’t how I wanted to say that . . . Look, I’ll just be going.’
That’s the problem, you see!
was most days starting to seriously think about how much paint thinner he’d actually have to imbibe if he actually wanted to get truly shit-faced drunk. Which, according to Bruce’s calculations, was really quite a lot!
‘Tony, honey, you wound me. I came out all this way, cos you asked me to help you and this is what I get. Aren’t you even going to introduce me to your very attractive, if also very terrifying, entourage?’ The guy teases, waggling his fingers at them in a playful wave.
Steve is all out of whack with his emotions and for the first time, it’s starting to become a problem.
‘Means that after all this time you're still a damn masochist who likes bombshell brunettes that bust your balls.’ Bucky laughs, ‘Oh, and for the record, I already knew. You were kinda obvious to say the least, what with ditching your best girl to stay stuck here in the future for a guy who has every reason to hate your guts.’
Despite the sexual tension between them, Steve’s purposefully never made a move. (He’s not about the wreck a perfectly good friendship for something as uncertain as sexual attraction). Plus, since Pepper, Tony hasn’t shown any
Steve is happy and for a moment the knowledge shocks him, before it’s washed away by the contentment lapping at his heart and he doesn’t think about it anymore.
‘I believe it was a name that Mr Stark chose while inebriated.’ JARVIS explains, sounding almost disapproving, ‘Sir is notorious for giving unflattering nicknames to the data profiles of those he has terminated relationships with.’
‘That’s good.’ Bruce nods, looking nervously over the ledge of the 79th floor window, ‘You’re not . . . you’re not going to jump or anything, are you?’
Now, in this sterile, modern world of noise-cancelling walls and silent, impersonal appliances that do everything for you, Steve sometimes finds himself craving the yells of an errant child getting scolded outside, a C Flat loudly played at 6 in the morning or even the smell of a pile of dirty laundry that desperately needs to be washed.
Dr Doom lets out a pitiful little moan and seems to be beginning to stir again. Steve sits down heavily on his shiny metal chest in retaliation and admires Tony darting gracefully away through the air.
Tony is a genius, billionaire, playboy and philanthropist. Which alone, should be an unstable enough of a combination to make anyone looking for a serious, grounded relationship run a mile.
Somewhere overhead, an alarm goes off in the Tower.
‘I’m sorry.’ Steve mumbles quickly, feeling like he’s teetering on the edge of a dizzying precipice with no safety harness, ‘I can’t seem to think straight right now, because I’m . . . too in love with you.’
‘Don't mention it.’
The polymer problem turns out to be more complex than first anticipated, due to convoluted sciencey reasons to do with melting points and carbon structure, that fly over Steve’s head without even a hint of understanding.
‘That’s not funny.’ Steve glares, blood suddenly running hot with annoyance, ‘Why the hell did you even go out with a clown like that in the first place?’
type; he liked dames too much and Steve was just a brief, friendly experiment.
‘I’ve noticed that the Other Guy has been taking a lot of bomb attacks these days.’ Bruce explains softly, after he throws a handful of pens at Tony’s face, ‘It doesn’t hurt him physically, but my pants are only really designed for flexibility, durability and mild resistance to fire. They aren’t designed to be able to deal with the type of heat a bomb delivers and I’m worried that if I end up in a situation like today again, I might get—’
‘If you were, I was too.’ Tony corrects him, taking a sip of his cocktail and glancing quickly away, ‘I’ve been pretty much full-tilt crazy about you since the Chitauri, Cap. Pepper’s my everything, but she’s got brains and eventually she got sick of my denial.’
‘You know,’ Clint says to Steve as they watch the pair disappear into the night in twin flashes of red, ‘He’s kind of got a point.’
‘Uhh, how about the reason why I’m suddenly persona non grata, when frankly, I don’t actually remember doing anything to deserve it this time.’ Tony retorts snappishly, crossing his arms over his chest.
‘Then, I suppose I won’t force you to.’ Natasha says thoughtfully, tossing her gorgeous hair out of her eyes as she crouches near by him, ‘But, only because I already know what it’s about anyway and it’s not actually something that’ll immediately affect the integrity of the team.’
‘I see.’ Tony whispers, so quiet that it’s almost too low to hear, ‘Is this why you’ve been broodingly stalking the tower like some kind of super-human Mr Darcy?’
or something, are you? Cos I can assure you, things have changed since you were iced-up. I mean, I was in Berlin briefly in the mid 90s and geez Louise, you ain’t never seen so much—’
“I need to finish your coat,” Jan said, and Tony stopped.
Tony grinned down at him, water lapping at his waist and dripping from his arms.  “Why would you say that?” he asked, laughter running through the words.  His white shirt was plastered to his skin, his pants causing eddies in the water as he shifted his legs to straddle Steve’s hips.  Ignoring Steve’s efforts to fend him off, he reached out, smoothing wet hands through Steve’s hair.  “What do you know?  Much easier from here.”
The voice was unfamiliar, and there was a beat of silence, a mix of wariness and shock.  “Hi,” Tony said, still right behind the robot.  “This is a secure channel, so if you could politely fuck off, that'd be-”
Miss Van Dyne smiled down at DJ.  "And Hank."
Someone was laughing, high and loud, and it took a minute for Steve to realize that it was him.  He collapsed back against the doorframe, clutching his face with one hand as Tony stumbled in, falling down to one knee as DJ launched himself off of the chair and into his arms.
“Yep, I got you cream cheese,” Steve said.  DJ wandered past him, and he reached out, ruffling DJ's hair.  “With chives.”
“I think I mentioned this,” Jessica said to Luke.  She tugged Luke out of Thor and Jane's path before they could plow into him.  “Pretty sure I mentioned this.”
DJ nodded.  “No.”
Steve shrugged.  “I wouldn’t mind going to Japan someday,” he said, his voice airy as he checked the boiling water.  “What’re you making?”
“Might as well, by the time I get home it’ll be just about time to turn around and come back,” Rhodey said with a yawn.  “I take it the greenhouse is secured?”
“We have the potential to-”
“You can't use 'for science' to excuse everything,” Jessica told him.
“How would we know until we try it?” Isaiah asked.  “Where's your place?”
He paused.  “Candied the violets myself.” He reached for a towel, intending to wipe his hands, and Steve caught his wrist.  Tony froze as Steve lifted his fingers to his mouth, Steve’s lips brushing against the skin there, where the caramel dust still clung.
“I'm here because apparently this is where the queer kids are,” Jesse said. “Like high school. We all hide in the drama club room.”
“And that's just fine.”  She curled a leg under her, rocking forward and standing up with the sort of grace DJ couldn't even understand, let alone attempt to replicate.  “Doing what you expected to do, that's always going to be easier.  But you still have the choice.”  She leaned over, offering him a hand.  “That's the important thing.  It's your schedule.  You can change it, if you want to.  If you need to.”
"Of course it's clean, why wouldn't it be-"
Bobbi shrugged, the spoon still tucked between her lips.  “Finding bread seemed like too much trouble.”  She set the jar down on the top of the wall and boosted herself up to sit next to Natasha, her long legs dangling down the other side.  “What is he doing?” she repeated, digging the spoon back into the jar.
She looked at Steve.  “He had to be quiet.  No matter what.  No matter how bored he was.  No matter how frustrated, or angry.  I would teach him.  How to walk silently.  How to sit perfectly still.  How to not move, when there were people in the house, when they might hear him.  How to be unseen, unheard, how to…”
Isaiah watched her go and held up his cup.  “If we are mark'd to die, we are enough To do our country loss; and if to live,  The fewer men, the greater share of honor.”
Tony groaned.  “Well, that's the last time I tell you my fantasies.”
She smirked down at him, her eyes dancing.  “You say the sweetest things, Mr. Stark.”
Peter straightened up.  “Mr. Stark?”
Natasha braced a hand on the top of the wall that surrounded the laundry yard.  "It's possible.  You say a lot of things." She stared down at the lawn, where the cop was working his way around the exterior of the house.  "I don't pay much attention, to be honest."
“Right.  Let's get you to bed.”
“You like it,” she said, and Tony laughed.
“Yes, let's just try to look less murderous, okay?”  Tony smiled at him.  “It was supposed to be a surprise, but-”  He leaned in.  “I booked a private table for us.  For dinner.  A very nice restaurant, uptown.  Very quiet, very discreet.”  He leaned over to grab another box.  “What do you say?  Dinner, champagne, me being my usual charming self?”
“I don’t!” Peter yelled.  “I didn’t ask.  I-”
“I knew something was there.  Something-”  She smiled.  “Magic.”
There was a beat of silence, and then, as one, the crowd turned and hustled for the end of the row.  Harris watched them go.  “Are they going to-” he started, and Darcy grabbed his arm.
"As rational as people like this can be," Steve said, his voice wry.
“I'll start somewhere else,” she said.
Greer paused.  “You, too,” she said.
“They all looked like Tony,” Sam said, his voice blunt.
“No,” Tony said. “No, Rogers, don't you, I do not boot scoot or boogie, this is unacceptable, what are you-”
In which we meet this verse's version of the Avengers.
Steve gave a slight nod. “I'm glad.” He looked down at the table, then at the door. “I've got a meeting, so, I'm going to...”
Peter watched it flop over the arm of the chair.  "I'm...  Fairly confident," he said.  He looked at Tony, a bright smile on his face.  "It's a very good cat.  If.  You know." His eyes slid sideways.  "It's a cat."
“It is almost Christmas, sir.”
"One is a choice. The other is an act of oppression and aggression," Steve corrected.
“It doesn’t hurt,” Natasha agreed.
“Yeah,” he said. “I've got a thing, too.” He paused. “I might not be back until late tonight. You know. Dinner may not.. Might not happen.”
“The threat,” Natasha said, but Bobbi was already shaking her head.
It was very modern.  Very sophisticated.  But mostly the word that came to Steve's mind as he looked around was 'empty.'
With a sigh, Rhodey leaned back in his chair.  “Are you…  Bothered by it?” he asked, and Steve got the feeling he was choosing his words very, very carefully.
Steve took a deep breath.  “I’ll just bet he is,” he gritted out.
“All right, then-”
“Object from OVER THERE,” Darcy told him.  “Because DJ’s looking very tense and if you add to that-”
Almost against his will, Steve felt himself smile.  “I was going to say.”
Tony stared at his double, and tried to breathe.
“I hadn’t noticed you gaining much in grace since then,” Jarvis pointed out.
“I feel like this is a lie,” Tony said to Pepper.  “I feel like, I’m going to get to the cake, and then I’ll be told that it’s too late for coffee, and that I may have some with my breakfast.  And when I get to breakfast, I’ll be told that it’s not healthy to drink coffee so early.”
“Yes, his manners are quite good, for one of his background,” Obie said.  He looked up, giving Rogers a smile.  “As are yours, officer.”
She handed the baby over easily enough, wrapping her shawl around her.  “I know I shouldn’t,” she said, as Steve settled the baby in the crook of his elbow.  She smiled at him, crossing her arms over her chest.  “But he does get heavy after a bit.”
Tony inhaled.  “You are the rock we all set our anchors by,” he said, and Steve looked up.  He found Tony looking directly at him, his eyes glowing blue with the reflected light.  “It might not seem like much to you, Steve.  But for the rest of us?” His lips twitched, an attempt at a smile, sad and hollow.  “It is the only thing that matters.  Even if you never did anything else.  Even if you couldn’t.  You are the beacon.  You bring us home.”
“I should, but I don’t,” she said.  “Tony-”
Tony’s hands tightened on the steering wheel.  “No.  Nope.  Absolutely not.”
She looked one way, and then the other, her hand catching his bicep.  “This way.”
“Danny still dances like a dying fish looking for a puddle,” Jessica said.  Her hands flopped through the air, her legs twitching in a caricature of dancing.  “All limp limbs and gasping for air.”
"No.”
Jan dropped into her chair, her head falling back.  “I’m not listening to you anymore,” she said.  “So you’re suggesting that we just order…  Random amounts of takeout and hire people to plate it for us?”
He’d made a mistake by telling Pepper about DJ at all.
Agatha’s eyebrows arched.  “Give me one good reason why not,” she said, ice dripping from the words.
"I know enough to know when someone's speaking French and when someone's making up nonsense," Steve said, his voice flat.   They crossed the hall to the main staircase, heading up to the second floor.  "So Mr. Stark does speak French, and Clint doesn't?"
“Please tell me we made money tonight,” Tony said.
Tony took one.  “A lot of boring people said a lot of boring things,” he said.  He rotated the spring roll between his fingers.  “I refuse to spread the boredom any further.”
Rogers smiled, his head tipping forward. "We're all just fighting the good fight," he agreed, and when Al left, it was with a euphoric expression of pleasure on his face.
DJ looked at it, and rolled into a sitting position.  “No,” he said, wrapping his arms around his knees.  “Sorry.”
“Not up for sex,” Tony mumbled into his pillow, and Steve choked on a laugh.
Jarvis frowned at him.  "If you wish, sir," he said, still shifting through the hangers.  He pulled out a sleek black jacket, his fingers brushing gently at the fabric.  "It will make things difficult, however."  He turned back to Steve.  "After all, none of the staff can remain in the dining room while dinner is happening.  With the current-”  He stopped, his eyes darting towards DJ's room, then back to meet Steve's. “Problems, I'd hate to have Mr. Stark left alone."
“There.”
By the time they reached the kitchen, Tony had drunk DJ’s juice, DJ was clinging to his back like a monkey, and Tony a pencil behind each ear.  He would’ve worried about that, but judging by the hubbub coming from the kitchen, no one was likely to notice.
Clint nodded.  “Okay,” he said.  He smiled at DJ, who smiled back.  “Hey, small Stark.  Who let you get taller?”
“I’ll keep an eye on him, Miss Potts,” Steve said, and she nodded.
“You were not,” she said.  “You were, however, not paying attention.”
“Holy fuck,” Trip said.  “This has never-  Really?  REALLY?”
He was in a lot of trouble.
“'Do the voices?'” Sam repeated.
“Mostly, the public wishes that they were in on it,” Ellen said.
But nothing could be that easy.  DJ saw them coming and took off running.  He shot across the great hall, straight for the open door of the billiard room.  Tony was right behind him, clearing the door in time to see DJ go scrambling across the floor, ducking under the pool table and rolling across the carpet.  Bouncing to his feet, he grabbed the edge of the side table, tipping it over and sending the chess board crashing to the floor.  Chess pieces spun in all directions, clattering across the empty fireplace.
“Can we stop saying-”
Tony looked at Steve, who arched an eyebrow at him.  “You know my opinion about that,” Steve said, with a ghost of a smile.
The words broke in his throat, and he took a deep breath.  “We're not alone anymore, you and I.  We've got back up.”  He smiled, and it ached, it hurt, in the best way, because DJ was staring at him, unblinking, unmoving.  Tony smiled at him, because it was okay. It was going to be okay.  He had to believe that.  “Someone is always, always, always going to come for you.  And you have one job, Deej, and that is to stay safe, and stay alive, until one of us gets there.
Happy peered up at men as he wandered, wobbling back and forth like a billiard ball, through the crowd.  Men got out of his way, glancing at each other with various degrees of amusement and annoyance.
“No,” Harris said, and his voice was shaking.  “No.  You won’t.”  He swung the broom out of her reach.  “I’m getting the impression that we’re all somehow beneath your notice, and well that might be true, a minute and a half we were in a cheap ass hotel in Vegas trying not to get arrested, and all of sudden we’re not, and we didn’t get a choice or a vote and we are doing our fucking best in a really difficult situation, and yes.” He leaned in.  “You.  Owe.  Us.  An explanation.”
“You have all the grace of a landbound manatee in the midst of anaphylactic shock,” Jan said, her voice flat, and and Sam's mouth dropped open.
“Anyway, some other stuff happened and now I’m going to make some coffee,” Peter said.
“The fountain,” Jarvis burst out, and spun on one heel, disappearing down the hallway in the blink of an eye.
"Want me to go first?" Steve asked.
Steve buried his head in his arms, laughing so hard that he felt like he was going to cry.  It took him three tries to get himself under control enough to ask, “Why am I not surprised?”
“I'm cool with that,” Jesse said.
Then, and only then, did Rogers’ hand fall away from Tony’s arm.
“I forget,” he said.  He frowned.  “Or.  Maybe, I think too much.”  That wasn't right.  Frustrated, he scrubbed his hands over his face.  “Too long?”
“Help,” Steve repeated.
She leaned her chin on her knees. “I'm sorry,” she whispered. “I shouldn't have pushed. I just...” Her lips pursed. “I just wanted you to have an actual wedding reception. With the people who love you. Who want you to be happy.” Her eyelashes fluttered against the pink curves of her cheeks. “But I should've listened, when you told me no.”
Marcy appeared just behind him.  "We have guests incoming," she said, one eyebrow arching.  "Ready for the receiving line?"
“I’m actually going to do a little poking around,” Steve said.  “While I appreciate the cottage, it-”  He rubbed a hand on the back of his neck with a slight grimace.  “It needs a little work.”
“One does what one must to survive,” Jan said, as Clint set her back on her feet.  “But like most points of etiquette, there's always exceptions, Steve.”  They did a quick set of steps, and Jan went spinning out, one hand caught in Clint's.  “Negotiation, consent and understanding your partners needs are just as important on the dance floor as they are in the bedroom.”
“Right,” he said, stepping up.  “Waltz or-”
"You do not-"
“I sensed a certain-” Tony gestured at him.  “Disapproval from this area.”
Stark grinned, his dark eyes glinting.  “How about we just agree to blame Happy for this one?” he asked, his voice cheerful.
It was an order, woven of spun sugar, of warm, delicate tones that sank into his ears, into his skin.  His head, suddenly too heavy for his neck, sagged forward, and he found himself staring down into the depths of his cup.  It was coming up, towards his mouth, and his hand was attached to it, but he didn’t know if he was moving the cup or if the cup was moving him.  It was one thing, an extension of him, the liquid curling along the surface of the cup, licking it’s way towards his skin, the surface shivering in anticipation.
Even when the house was seen, no one saw it.  DJ felt a kinship with it, for that very reason.
The boy went silent, and the feed rolled back, flicking over itself until it stabilized.  The boy was standing, still and solid and alone in the middle of the smoky remains of the lobby.  He looked up, and smiled.  “And tell the whole world-  No.”
Steve felt his face flush. “You're very persausive,” he agreed. “Can we go upstairs now?”
“Are we really selfieing this?” Tony asked him, but he smiled anyway.  Then he took the phone out of Steve's hand, turning to the girls who'd gotten him into this mess.  “Picture?” he asked, holding it up, and the tall one took it with a pleased smile and an enthusiastic nod.
“I’m sorry,” Steve said.  “I’ll pay-”
“No, you're not, because then you'd have to go back to talking to yourself or Jarvis, and that's pretty much like talking to yourself, no insult intended, Jarvis.”
He was pretty sure she was laughing as he shot off after Shuri, Nomad’s hooves flying over the stones of the road.  Steve leaned forward, his body hugging tight to the arch of the horse’s neck, reveling in the speed as they shot down the straight length of the road, dust rising in clouds behind him.  Ahead of him, he could see Shuri, who was sitting straight upright in her saddle, her hands in the air.  “Hold your reins!” he yelled.
“The holiday party,” Jan agreed.  She rested one delicate hand on top of the papers.  “Everyone’s getting an assignment-” A chorus of groans rose, and she waited for them to subside before she continued.  “Yes, responsibility.  It’s terrible.”
Trip found herself smiling.  “What is it, then?”
“And Stark being Stark, he just kind of stopped.  Because I don’t know if you’ve figure this out yet,” Clint said.  “But he likes a puzzle.  He likes things he doesn’t understand.  Most people as smart as he is, they don’t like to acknowledge anything or anyone that challenges their standing as the smartest guy in the room.  But Stark…”
“More than I like, honestly,” Pepper said.  “Peter!”
“I don’t see that working out for me,” Phil said, fully expecting a second strike with the folder.  Instead, she tossed it back on the stack.  Phil glanced up at her, and she was studying him, her head tipped to the side.  Phil arched an eyebrow.  “Yes?”
‘Put it this way,’ Pepper says darkly, ‘the last time Johnny Storm came around, he cost SI over $100,000 in legal fees and lost us a good two months of productivity while Tony drowned his sorrows in Vegas.’
Except, then it turns out that with Tony especially, Johnny was an
Water had been a precious commodity during the war, unless you were lucky enough to make camp near a river and bathing properly was an uncommon luxury. Yet, after every skirmish with the Howling Commandos, Steve would still always make the time to step away from the action and clean
Surprised by their sudden entrance, Tony and Steve stand rooted to the spot on opposite sides of the room, like little children caught in the act of squabbling. Their chests heaving in unison and a graveyard of smashed crockery strewn between them.
There is a soft, tinkling smash as the beaker falls from Tony’s hands and shatters on the workshop floor, orange drops of leftover scotch bleeding from the shards.
Clint and Natasha reckon it’s just a new symptom of the raging case of chronic UST that’s been going on between the pair of them for years, but Steve himself isn’t so sure.
‘Send a nice, high-res copy to the mobile contacts labelled ‘Red-Headed Danger’ and ‘Ash Tray’ please.’ Tony pants between furious kisses with an increasingly impatient Steve.
know, is that something sounds fishy.
‘That sounds
Which, okay, Steve can handle that.
If there’s a god out there and he’s not related to Thor in some way, he really seems to hate Steve this week.
wasn’t bad enough, then came the whole soul-crushing ‘should I return to my own time to be with the woman I’m pretty sure I love, but to be honest, I’m not really certain. I mean, I literally spent like 2 months altogether with her if you actually add it up, so that’s a bit of a gamble. I never actually even kissed a girl until I was at least 24 and that was on stage and I’m not sure it counts. Not to mention, that I pretty much messed up my psyche forever by fighting the purple weirdo, so let’s face it, I ain’t anyone’s dream guy at the moment. Oh, and I kissed her niece, which might be a bit hard to explain at family dinners in a few years time. #Awkward’ episode.
Johnny Storm himself seemed relatively harmless too.
It’s almost like Tony might actually be . . .
sounds disapproving now, ‘I believe I can, Captain. Mr Stark was involved in a romantic relationship with Mr Storm for 5 months between November 2006 and March 2007.’
‘Hey, Captain Handsome!’ the familiar voice echoes throughout the bathroom, ‘I saw you on the news earlier, very dashing and patriotic, even Fury shed a manly tear during the debrief video call. Although, that may of been after he saw the bill for the damage to Central Park. Anyhow, we ate dinner without you and now everyone’s gone to do whatever illegal things they do when they aren’t fighting crime. So, it’s just you and your Chinese leftovers, I’m afraid. Nat put them in your fridge for you. If the crippling loneliness gets too much however, Brucie Bear and I have retired down to his lair to work on a little problem, come say hi if the dim sum isn’t good company. Ciao, Capitano.’
‘I’m sorry, Steve, I’m probably not making a lot of sense to you right now. I’m in Singapore and I’m incredibly jet-lagged. What I really just called to ask, is if you’d go down to the workshop for me today? Remind Tony that he has other commitments he needs to worry about - not just designing bomb-proof underwear. Can you do that for me, please?’
to explode in the first place. Also, I thought Hydra was your arch nemesis?’
So, God bless Dr Doom! If he wasn’t such a complete jerk-off, Steve might even thank him for helping to cheer everyone up.
‘I see. As you wish, sir.’
So, in the grand scheme of things, Steve’s little wash routine isn’t so strange.
Their teammate lies on the floor outside laughing hysterically for a moment, though neither of them can actually hear him through the thick soundproof glass. When Tony finally bores of his fun, he quickly jumps up, dusts himself off and flips Bruce the bird while miming a ‘call me’ gesture at Steve and blowing him a kiss.
‘It’s complicated.’ Steve pants, blocking her ferocious parries with his shield.
Steve is in the middle of waving off the apology with a friendly shake of his head, when Tony suddenly slots himself between the pair of them, slapping Steve’s hand back down by his side.
of him that the girls were actually after.
Tony looks momentarily dumbfounded, his eyes boring holes in the side of Steve’s face, before he shakes himself alert and yells:
Which, seeing as Steve is still cripplingly embarrassed and avoiding all Stark contact like the plague and Tony has no interest in being on the same floor of the tower yet, let alone in the same room as the supersoldier, has been rather a slow project to get off the ground.
, despite how wrong he knows it is, is driving Steve crazy with pure, unadulterated jealousy!
‘Guilty.’ Steve chuckles nervously, ‘But . . . I did actually want to see you.’
He just can’t.
‘It’s a landing pad for the suit, not a sun-deck, Romanov.’ Tony scolds her, handing over an icy Aperol spritz, ‘You kids have no respect for other people’s property. I mean, who breaks in to a multi-million dollar apartment just to sunbathe?’
He recovers quickly however and after a brief moment of thought, places his own drink down on a table and swaggers languidly across the patio to the easel. Here, he places a tender hand on the back of Steve’s shoulder and leans down close to admire his canvas.
Steve knew how to make people listen and how to convey a sense of urgency, even when there might not be one. It was one of the few things that came with his assumed rank that he’d adjusted to quickly. Tony’s eyes held questions Steve didn’t have answers to. He seemed more… not relaxed, but focused.
Steve's birthday, part 2! Yes, feel free to read into the title as much as you'd like ;).
Steve rolled a second chair around so he could sit in front of Tony, their knees almost touching. Moving slowly, Steve settled his right hand on Tony’s shoulder just to maintain contact on the off chance it helped.
Steve’s heart rate skyrocketed about sixteen hours later. Tony jumped up from his seat frantically checked his vitals on the monitor. At this point, he was an expert at reading them. Nothing but Steve’s heart rate — which had gone from a steady 35 bpm to 112 bpm in the span of sixteen seconds — had changed.
“Yes, fine,” Steve replied evenly. “There’s just a situation we need to address. If you can step away?”
As things went, when Steve and Nat arrived at Camp Leigh hours later, Tony had enough of a handle on the place to detect the incoming missile with a decent head start. He sent Nat the warning when it was two minutes out, and successive warnings after that.
This one takes place at the end of October 2013 :). Enjoy!
Natasha sprung into action. She shooed the others down the hall and into their respective rooms. Clint put up a half-hearted fight but quickly caught on that Natasha was not to be trifled with tonight (or ever, really, but there was a fierce edge of protectiveness in her eyes that even Clint wouldn’t test). She was relieved when she was finally left in the common room alone.
Steve gave Tony a few hours before he asked JARVIS for an update on Tony’s status. JARVIS dutifully informed Steve that Tony was working, but did not seem otherwise distressed.
“I can’t—” Tony started, sucking in a breath without finishing the sentence. He dropped his hand and stared out the window of the room.
So...? *laughs nervously* what do we think?
Do you think I did them justice? Do you think I built up Tony and Steve's relationship properly? Let me know!
(See the end of the chapter for
Nat narrowed her eyes at him before nodding.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony had just started the scan of Bucky’s arm when Steve came back down to the workshop.
when I told her that, no, I would definitively not be trumpeting her cause.” Steve huffed indignantly at the memory.
“What can I do, Tony?” Steve asked, hand squeezing Tony’s shoulder.
I love hearing all of your thoughts, so please drop me a comment! Also, if you'd like to chat about the chapter/this story/marvel/writing/literally anything, I'm on tumblr!!! Come chat with me! I'm @superhusbands-superfan and I'd love to hear from you. Thanks so much for reading my work. I love you all!
“It’s a highly reputable bakery,” Jan said, taking a delicate bite from a cream puff.  She made a pleased sound, and peeled off a bit of the choux pastry, holding it out to Tony, who popped it in his mouth..
A moment later, they were alone in the echoing silence of the main hall.
“Really?  You're claiming there's an order to your wall of crazy?” Jesse asked.  “That's exciting.  Kinda unbelievable, but exciting.”
Steve pulled his phone from his pocket, walking up the hallway towards the elevator.  ‘Movie tonight?’ he sent to Sam as he stepped on.
"Fine, you want to deal with my trash, I'm okay with that," Sam said, handing it over.  He leaned one shoulder against the stairway railing.  "I'm good like that.  I'll let you."
Too late, much too late, he realized Steve was moving, legs unfolding in a step, two, then a flat run, and before Tony could do more than stumble forward, his hand grasping desperately for the back of Steve's shirt, Steve was out of range, out of reach, through the portal and gone.
“Oh, that’ll go well.”  Phil found a broken cookie among the stacks, and popped it into his mouth.  “Speaking of bad choices, Clint says that you’re looking for part time work.”
“Tony, can you please be serious for just-” the bald man started, and Stark waved a hand in his direction.
Tony mumbled something that sounded both annoyed and sleepy, and Steve turned his attention back to the road.
It took him thirty seconds or less to walk around the front of the truck, and by the time he got there, Tony was already fumbling at the door handle.  “Hey!”  Steve grabbed for him.  “Can you try to be less of a problem, Stark?”
DJ looked up at him.  Clint paused.  “It’s fine!”  DJ gave him a slow, sad shake of his head, and Clint caught the food coloring.  “What’s wrong with it?”
“Probably just me and Buster Keaton, but, again, I didn’t have anything to do with it,” Harris said.  “And I felt worse for the philharmonic than I did for my insurance agent.”
Over the rim of his cup, Tony watched as Steve’s face twisted into an expression he couldn’t quite understand.  He bumped his knee against Steve’s.  “Hey.  You okay?”
“So.”  Steve propped his cheek on one hand.  “He knows you’re not French.”
The song reached a rising crescendo, and Rhodey swung DJ down to the ground.  “Pick one with a red label this time,” he said with a grin, and DJ was off like a shot, scrambling across the workshop to the record player.
“Parker,” Tony said.
Understanding dawned.  “Ah.  That’s why you went into the lobby.”  Clea nodded, and Tony huffed out a breath.  “Okay, that was, that was nice of you, I appreciate it, I do, but next time, can you just-” He flexed his fingers in a ‘popping’ gesture.  “Aim for the elevator, and Jay can tell you if it’s a good time, and also let me know you’re on your way up?  Because I don’t pay the security staff enough to try to get me on the phone.”
Tony realized his mouth was hanging open, and made an effort to close it.  “Did you just-" He looked over his shoulder.  He hadn't heard the elevator.  "Did you just run up the stairs?"  He felt exhausted just saying the words.  Steve was an exhausting person.
He headed for the door, his pulse thudding in his ears.  Behind him, Rogers said, “What am I going to find in the rest of the house, Mr. Stark?”
He headed for the door.  “Eat your empanadas and try not to get anything on your tie.  We got thirty minutes before we’re gotta be getting in a cab.”  He waved a hand in the air.  “I’m getting a coffee, and I expect you’ll have figured out how to put on your pants by the time I get back.”
“Which will not stop Mr. Stane from visiting,” Jarvis pointed out.  He handed Tony his coffee cup.
“Do you want to watch something else?”
No one stopped him.  Up the escalators and along the hallway, glancing down at the map every third of fourth step, certain he was making a mistake, terrified of going the wrong way even though he’d just confirmed he wasn’t.  He was never sure.  And mistakes cost time, time they might not have.
So? What do you think? I hope I'm doing them justice! It felt right to me that Steve would realize how he was feeling first, but let me know if you agree or disagree.
I know this chapter is a MONSTER so I appreciate you sticking it out to the end lol.
(See the end of the chapter for
This is one of those instances where, as I was writing, it became apparent that the chapter was almost 6,500 words and needed to be split in two. This was the cut-off point. With that said, it means the next chapter directly follows this one in terms of timing, so what do you think is coming? It'll touch on the media response and also a big new milestone for Steve and Tony.
So... what do you think? I'll be honest, I don't know what I was expecting when I sat down to write this chapter, but after the conversation between Tony and Steve, I kinda just went with it. Tony and Bucky decided they were going to... bond? Or something? I still don't really know XD.
Right now? Tony was scanning the outskirts of the room rather than making eye contact with the men near him. If Steve had to guess, Tony was looking for the nearest exit. That was cause enough for concern.
“Is everything alright?”
Tony sucked in another jagged breath, reached a hand up to his chest.
Steve thought about it. Yes, maybe the best thing to do would be to go back out there, but… Tony’s hands were just beginning to still and his breathing was still deliberate and measured.
When Steve finally reached the group, Tony’s mouth snapped shut. Apparently whatever he’d been about to say wasn’t going to work anymore. Steve tried not to think about that much. Instead, he addressed the two gentlemen, aiming for a tone he hoped was professional and slightly apologetic.
Good Friends: End of March/Beginning of April 2013
“Why don’t we just stay here for a minute?” Steve suggested, his voice quiet but firm. He stepped closer to Tony, reaching a hand out slowly, before hesitating. He didn’t want to startle Tony with an unwanted touch. “Is it okay if I touch your shoulder?”
“If she was calling you, I assure you she was.”
Tony was nearly three-quarters of the way done writing the code Agent Hill had asked for when Tony got the next update about Steve. This time, it wasn’t from Steve directly. Instead, JARVIS pulled up a D.C. NBC affiliate and let Tony, Bruce, and Pepper watch in horror as Steve, Nat, and Sam were arrested by SHIELD on national television.
Essentially it spans from July when they first get together to mid-September 2013. Hope that helps keep things clear. Happy reading :)!
to talk to you, Tony engaged completely; he’d sling his arm around your shoulders, squeeze your arm, or drag you around as he talked, walked, and usually did at least two other things.
Steve really hoped Tony saw what he was doing here. He was trying to give him an out. If only Tony would
I really wanted to take this chapter and run with the idea of Tony, being the genius that he is, also being kind of badass when it comes to emergency medicine. I mean, he got caught unprepared in Afghanistan and now his friends regularly put themselves in mortal danger. Would the Tony we know and love really not prep for the inevitable injuries? I think not. Let me know what you think! I'd love to hear if you agree or disagree.
So... what do you think? A huge part of why I started writing this was to explore the ideas of superheroes dealing with mental health issues because that's incredibly important to me, so I wanted to be sure to get back to that. I hope you think I'm doing Tony justice in this chapter. Feel free to let me know what you think! Even a simple ":)" lets me know that you think I'm on the right track ;).
Tony stumbled further into the room, jerkily. His limbs didn’t seem to be cooperating.
it was Tony who’d given the order. That was… genuinely touching.
was the only leader of the Avengers was accurate but still frustrated Steve to no end. Before he could get up to go admit to Steve that, yes, the article had been good, something else on the page caught his eye.
So... what do you think?
His counterpart, on the other hand, Steve did not recognize. That in itself was odd. Steve made it a point to catalog as many faces and names as possible at these events. He’d been to three of these fundraisers since the Battle of New York, and he recognized most of the guests in some respect by now. Especially those who frequently spoke to Tony because, well. He had his reasons.
2) I made you all wait SO long and I'm so sorry.
“JARVIS, any chance these windows open?” Steve asked, keeping his voice low and calm.
They made their way upstairs from the parking garage, however long it took. They even managed to make it to bed. If they were a little more care-free about privacy than usual, well… everyone they normally lived with was gone for the night anyway.
“You have nothing to apologize for,” Steve said. He was being honest; Steve had been there and, much like his asthma attacks when he was young, there was simply no helping a panic attack when it came on.
Her lips twitched fighting the ghost of a smile at the sight of the sleeping men. Steve had an arm wrapped tightly around Tony’s shoulders with his cheek pressed against Tony’s dark and mussed hair. Tony had one arm thrown over Steve’s waist and his head rose and fell in time with Steve’s even breaths.
“Steve,” Tony said, putting his hand on Steve’s arm. He was smiling, but it didn’t reach his eyes. “You’re right. Going back out there right now sounds worse than fighting a second wave of Chitauri. Let’s go.”
Steve waited for a moment, hand stilling on Tony’s shoulder. He didn't want to pressure Tony to say more than he was ready for.
Steve let out a sigh of relief and stood up, leading the way out of the conference room. Wordlessly they headed for the communal living room on the 100th floor. It was one of Steve’s favorite places in the tower, second only to the balconies and rooftop, and just before Tony’s workshop. His preferences might directly correlate with places where Steve sees Tony actually
This is set just a couple days after the kiss that outed Steve and Tony's relationship to the media. It's still the beginning of October 2013. Enjoy!
I'm so sorry for the wait on this chapter! I tried to give you a long one to reward your patience :). Classes and exams all caught up to me last week, so my writing time went down to zero. I think things are stabilizing again, though, so I should have time to write again.
Who could blame them, really?
I love you all, and I hope you enjoyed. Thanks so much for reading and please, leave a comment if you have a moment and can think of something to say :)!
Even when Steve could only see the back of Tony’s head, he knew Tony wasn’t okay. Steve was three steps closer to Tony before he even realized he was moving. He wasn’t entirely certain what his plan was when he reached the group standing next to the bar.
“Are you sure about that?” Tony said, grinning wryly. “Or were people less inclined to ask you personal questions because you were
I love you all and appreciate you reading <3. Please let me know what you think. I have the next two chapters in progress, and I hope to be much quicker about finishing them. Thank you all for your patience and support :).
Otherwise, enjoy!
Okay, so now we're at the beginning of October 2013. It's all moving toward something, I promise, and I'm trying to keep it as true to the MCU as I can given the very obvious liberties I'm taking with the characters.
He stepped into the elevator with Tony on his heels, still eerily silent. Steve thought maybe he was trying to control his breathing. That would explain the prolonged silence, at least.
Fun fact about me: I actually adore Pepper Potts. I love Tony and Pepper together, and if they live happily ever after in the MCU and have a family I will be overjoyed. I really just love when Tony is happy. With that said, they obviously can't be together in this world where Steve and Tony are clearly made for each other ;). So I had to kind of explain what happened to their relationship; in this world, they ended things amicably after the events of Iron Man 3 and then Tony moved to New York.
By this point, Tony’s hand had slipped from his chest but was still clenched in a fist on his thigh. Steve wasn’t entirely sure when, but at some point, while he was speaking he’d started smoothing a hand from Tony’s neck to his upper arm in slow, repetitive motions. He decided not to question the instinct.
I have around 12 more chapters of this written/planned (about 31,000 words), so I should be posting somewhat regularly. If you want to keep reading, subscribe!
Rather than ask the stupid questions he’d been asked — Steve’s first panic attack had been memorable enough that he couldn’t forget the grocery clerk standing beside him saying “Sir, are you okay?” until he’d bolted from the store, groceries abandoned, struggling to breathe in a way he hadn’t experienced since being injected with the serum — Steve opted for trying to offer comfort instead.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve was in the hospital for a week. By the time he left, he was — amazingly — not even limping. His leg was almost entirely healed, and his neck was good as new. His broken skull was close to healing, but he still had wicked headaches from the break and the concussion. They’d removed the stitches from his face. His shoulder was still messed up, and they had his arm in a sling to keep him from exacerbating that problem. The disaster that was his abdomen was the farthest from healed, and he was under strict orders not to do much more than lay around for the next few days.
Thank you all so much for reading! I love your feedback and reading what you have to say after I post each chapter. I hope you're having a great day!
