“Sit with me” Dean said as he pulled Cas to the grass below, they sat cross-legged, mirroring each other.
“Why are you waking me up, Dean?” Cas said, trying to play grumpy but failing miserably. Usually he would be incredibly irritable at this hour but having Dean wake him like this, how could he be?
“Look man, seriously. You know I’m ok with this, right? You deserve some happiness, Dean, and if you can find that with Cas then you should” Sam stands from the table collecting his things “Talk to him Dean, you know you want to” Sam leaves the library and Dean with his thoughts.
“ You know what, Cas? I can’t do this now. Look, I’m glad you’re here, man. Really, I am. You have no idea but—I just can’t right now”
Dean’s body was spent. But he’d never felt more alive than right now, right here with the man he loved looking thoroughly fucked, lying on top of him.
Dean stepped further into the bedroom, removing his jacket and throwing it to the corner of the room to be dealt with later.
For months after, Dean’s dreams (when he managed to sleep) contained Cas, black goo and the echos of “I love you. Goodbye, Dean”
Castiel weakly got to his feet. He recognised his surroundings. The familiar scenery crept back into his consciousness. The underground of the bunker where he had said goodbye to Dean, where he had spoken his truth. He was here. But he wasn’t truly home, not until he found Dean.
“Cas, wait up, you don’t know where you’re going. This way” Sam directed with a nod of his head, his hair falling over his forehead. Castiel followed as Sam lead them to Dean’s room. Standing outside the door, Cas makes a move to go inside.
Nurse? Why would...? Dean’s mind flooded suddenly with the memory of a vamp fight and being shoved into that damn rebar. The memory seared a pain through his back. And then....disappointment washed over him. He’d survived. He was alive, after all. He squeezed his eyes against the pain and the tsunami of disappointment that he was certain was going to drown him. How had he survived this? Why had he survived this? He doesn’t recall any interference from Jack. He was just so damn tired, he’d been ready to go and yet...
Cas crushed his lips to Dean’s, rolling him on to his back. Dean’s hand found its way beneath Cas’ tshirt, his finger tips kissing over his heating skin
“I want to explain something to you, Cas.” Dean took a breath, turning on to his back. He found it easier to talk this way.
“Not this time, Dean. You have been zoned out for a while now. Talk to me man, that’s what I’m here for”
“Back to reality. Thank you for last night” Cas grinned, pecking Dean’s lips. Dean pulled him close, offering him another kiss, humming against his lips. And another. And another. Until tiny hands were tugging on his jeans
“ ‘Lo, Dadda! Unca Sammy hurted!” She said rubbing her head, making it sound more dramatic than it was in that way that only a three year old can. Cas looked at Dean concerned “Is Sam ok?” He asked
“Dean, over there in the corner” Sam’s voice tried to remain even, Dean recognised it as the voice he used when he tried to reassure Dean.
“Jesus fuck, Cas” he moans his back arching from the bed “Feels so fucking good, I’ve imagined this for so long” Dean gasped
“DADDYYYYY” she exclaimed excitedly, clambering to get out of her car seat and into Dean’s arms “Hello, beautiful. Did you have fun with Sam and Eileen?”
Cas cuts him off with a searing kiss, it’s deep and it’s desperate. Dean’s teeth clamp down on Cas’ full lower lip, pulling it between his teeth.
“What? What are you talking about?” Sam moved closer to Dean and reached around behind him, his hand blindly resting upon the blood soaked wound. Sam paled at the sheer volume of blood pooling his hand.
Sam sighed. He wasn’t going to win this one, he knew which battles to pick with his big brother and this was one he wasn’t willing to hash out.
“Cas....Cas, wherever you are, I hope you can hear me” The words slipped through the cracks of silence like the first rays of sun through the clouds.
“Oh trust me, I want to” Cas said with an almost comically adamant expression “I know that you have only been with women and this body is...very male”
“Fuck, Cas. I’m so in love with you, man” Dean’s voice was barely a whisper, filled with emotion. Cas turned to face him “I never knew it could feel like this”
Cas jerked into his hand, a rough moan escaping his lips. The sound making Dean’s cock twitch in response.
“Now that would have  been a crying shame, I’d hate to miss out” Cas said, trailing his hands down Deans back, reaching the firmness of his ass. He gave it a playful slap.
Dean reached out an arm across the bed, searching for the warm  body that was usually pressed firmly against him; He was greeted with an empty space. He forced his eyes open, the soft light of the moon illuminating the bedroom. He stretched languidly before swinging his legs over the bed. He searched the floor for his boxers, not wanting to roam the cabin naked. He saw Cas’ figure sat at the kitchen table, only the small side lamp lighting the room. Dean pressed a kiss to his neck, and breathed him in. Cas always smelled of musk and Honey. It was Dean’s favourite smell. Dean wrapped his arms around Cas’ shoulders from behind, resting his temple against his.
“Sammy! Hey, focus! Have you got it?” Sam’s eyes locked on Dean’s and Dean knew that this was the last time he would ever look at his baby brother. And in that moment he tried silently to convey everything he felt for the kid he’d dedicated the last 37 years to.
Cas’ head lolled back as he became nothing but sensation, his nerve endings singing beneath the surface of his skin
“That wasn’t the plan, Castiel. Don’t tell me, your little pet is in bother once again, am I right?”
Dean was going to pass the fuck out. He felt the floor away beneath him, the walls closing in around him. He couldn’t breathe. He couldn’t fucking breathe.
“Jesus, Cas. Your voice is made for sex.” Dean said, his hips instinctively pushing up against Cas, seeking the friction he desperately needs.
Cas followed behind Dean as he made his way to the back of the cabin to the only bedroom. One bed. One double bed. Both Cas and Dean looked at each other somewhat awkwardly
He’d wake up in a cold sweat, and for a fraction of a second he’d feel relief - relief that it was just a dream - and then he’d remember that it wasn’t just a dream - it was a memory and the tsunami of grief would drown him again, pulling him under. And so it went.
Hearing “Cas” and “death” in the same sentence twisted something deep inside Dean’s chest, something bone crushingly painful.
Dean sat opposite Sam at the library table, twisting his near empty coffee cup around in his hands, lost in his own thoughts as was the norm of late. Sam snapped his laptop shut with a sigh.
“Cas...Can you hear me? Wherever you are I hope you can hear me. I-I’m fading pretty quick so I might not get all of this out. Cas...Cas, man, I’m so sorry. For everything. E-everything you sacrificed h-has been for nothing. I’m so sorry. Man, I wish you were here. You-you’re my best friend. No, you’re more than that. It’s t-time I cut the- cut the crap. I should have stopped you. I should never have let you do what you did but I just let you go. I just l-let you go because it was easier th-than admitting to what I have pushed deep down for so damn long. I couldn’t e-even find the courage to tell you, l-I’ve been such a coward, Cas. But I-I need you to know now. Cas, I love you. Of course I love you”  He’d said it. Finally Dean had said it out loud. The air left his lungs. Was it in relief? He wasn’t sure.
“Get out of where? Dean, where are-“ The line went dead. Castiel pressed the phone to his forehead in frustration. Dean sounded weak, nothing like himself.
“I like that idea. But as much as I enjoy Sam’s company, I think I’d like it to be just you and me.”
Being on the road no longer held any appeal for Dean. But then, nothing much did these days. Not the road. Not hunting, not even baby. Not since Cas died. Since he sacrificed his life to save Dean’s. Well, extend his life. Whether it was saved was another thing entirely. Dean just went through the motions this past year. 324 days, to be exact. He got up, he showered. He ate. He spoke when spoken to. Rinse and repeat. That was the thing about grief, it’s such a burden but it can also be an anchor; You get used to its weight and how it holds you in place.
“Jesus, Cas. You’re everything. You’re damn well everything to me. You have to know that, man” Dean whispered, an almost desperate plea to his voice.
Bravery manifested itself in many different ways. Sometimes it involved giving your life for something of a greater magnitude than yourself, or giving it up so someone else could live. Sometimes it involved giving up everything you have ever known, your family, your faith, everything you thought was the Devine truth. Sometimes it was rebelling against heaven and your father. All for something far greater. SomeONE far greater, far more righteous.
“Wait, Cas. Sit up for me” Dean breathed harshly, his cock was painfully throbbing against Cas’s palm.
“Fair enough” Sam said “If you’re sure you’re ready, let’s do this” Sam tossed his bag over his shoulder and threw the impala keys at Dean.
Cas’ hand worked in long strokes, his thumb teasing the tip as his lips sucked into the skin of his hip bones. Dean’s fingers curled into Cas’ hair
An hour later, Dean was helping Cas pack the trunk of the impala. He felt sick and worry coursing through his body.
The silence here in the darkness existed as a soundtrack to the regrets of Castiel’s past. It was a profound melody that seduced his consciousness. Teasing and taunting on a never ending  cycle. It surrounded Castiel, relentless in its sneering. In sharp focus were the times that he had failed Dean. The leviathan fiasco, Metatron, the Mark, Jack...he saw every time that Dean had been counting on him and he had done nothing but fail and disappoint him. But there was something else here, creeping through the cracks. It was a razor sharp memory, something blazing, hot and liquid. It was reaching out to Castiel like a magnet, pulling him forward,  arousing every molecule of his being.
“Dean, are you certain that —“ Cas was cut off with a kiss as Dean pulled him in by the towel around his waist.
Every step and every choice Castiel had made up to this point had lead him to this moment here with Dean, driving along the highway, Miracle asleep between them. From the moment that his grace had wrapped around his soul in perdition Castiel’s fate was sealed. He loved Dean Winchester with all the madness in his soul. He loved Dean Winchester before he even knew what Love was.
Cas leaned down and kissed Dean long and deep before sitting back up astride his hip and he watched Dean as Dean watched him take himself in hand, the same hand that was covered in Dean
“Cas, let me go in ahead of you. This will be a shock for him. He...hasn’t been in a good place since you left, I’m not sure how he will take this” Cas merely nods his head slowly and allows Sam to move past him.
“That’s the plan” Cas replied pushing his hips against Dean’s, making his arousal obvious. He kissed Dean long and deep, pouring his love into it as he always did and it coursed through Dean’s veins, warming his skin, making his heart thrum against his rib cage
Dean doesn’t bother to pull back the covers as he carefully slides his body down on to his beloved memory foam mattress, his body almost groaning in relief as it moulds to his aching limbs.
Sam and Dean had no idea what they were about to step in to, they had to be prepared for every eventuality.,Waverley Hall was your stereotypical, spooky abandoned building, standing large and ominous in the dark.
Dean rests up on his elbows to watch, deciding that the sight of his dick in Cas’ mouth is the hottest fucking thing that’s ever happened to him. And then Cas looks up at him through his lashes, watching him sinfully as he slides his lips back up to the the flushed tip, slowly and teasingly twisting his tongue over the slit
“Oh god, baby, no! Never think that. We’re awesome, I promise” he pressed a kiss to  his mouth and he felt Cas relax beneath him and he returned to ghosting over his spine as he put his chin on Cas’s chest
“I never told you about this place” Dean began “After Lucifer...after he...”  Cas understood what Dean was saying “After we burned your ashes, I came here alone and scattered them. I wanted somewhere I thought that you’d like, somewhere peaceful, y’know?”
Sam pushed his unkempt hair back from his face “Thought you were a goner for sure this time, man. It was a close call”
Dean’s eyes followed the nurse as she approached his bed. Her ID card that swung from her neck read ‘Tamika’
Something was telling Sam to believe Castiel but he couldn’t fully commit to this trust, old habits dying hard. He switched arms to reach for the silver pen knife in his pocket. Castiel held out his palm in invitation. Sam flipped the pen knife open and sliced a fluid line across the heel of Castiel’s palm. Sam then reached to the inside of his jacket for the flask of holy water, splashing it across Cas’s wrist. Castiel watched for Sam’s reaction as each test was passed. Sam swiftly stepped back, momentarily away from Cas, trying to compute what was infront of him
Dean closed his eyes and took a deep breath, willing his patience to stay in tact, willing the surge of hurt at the sound of Cas’ name to stay buried.
Dean’s heart thrummed at the sound of Cas’s name. He said nothing. “Dean...you haven’t been the same since Cas di-“
“I’m scared, Cas. I’ve never— I mean, I don’t want to fuck this up. There’s a lot to lose here and I tend to destroy everything I touch”
“You’re so beautiful,” Cas murmurs, caught in a dizzying spiral of lust and awe. “I always thought so. From the first moment I saw your soul, you were always so, so undeniably beautiful.”
Dean’s world had narrowed to the feel of Cas’s Lips moving against his own. His fingers curling into the soft hair at the back of Cas’s neck. He was kissing Cas. Cas was kissing him back. It felt like constellations bursting in his stomach as he takes Cas’s lower lip between his own, he tasted like honey and cinnamon. Ecstasy sings through his blood as 10 years of longing and need is culminated in the sweep of Cas’s tongue against the seam of his bottom lip. Bliss. Pure gratification is what this was. Dean pulled Cas in closer as their kiss stilled to a stop, their breaths intermingled as they rested their foreheads together.
“Well that’s because Uncle Sammy is a dumb a—butt” Dean stopped and corrected himself, peering briefly over his shoulder to make sure he wasn’t about to experience the wrath of Cas.
“Dean, what you said - when the nurse told you that you were lucky to be alive and you seemed to disagree....”
He sighed and reached over to the night stand, reluctantly rolling off Cas and onto his back, seeing Sam’s ID on the screen. “Fucking cockblock” Dean grumbled
“Ever since I was about 13 or 14, I’ve been attracted to other men just as much as I have girls” He’d said it. It was out and he hadn’t started Apocalypse attempt number 5,432. “I’ve never acted on it, that’s not something a son of John Winchester would do” He risked a look at Castiel who was watching him with nothing but compassion and love adorning his features. Knowing Cas was listening was encouragement enough for him to continue talking
“I wouldn’t say that” Dean replied dejectedly, without thinking. He caught Sam’s eye as he said this. Sam’s face was painted in confusion at Dean’s words. He looked pale and exhausted, Dean noted he had more stubble than he remembered. He wondered how long he’d been out for. Nurse Tamika jotted down her notes as she concluded Dean’s M.O.T. and administered some morphine into the cannula that was inserted into the back of Dean’s hand. He felt the warm rush of liquid flush through his veins and he felt his body relax. Not enough to sleep but enough to be comfortable.
Castiel gently touched it with his teeth in displeasure. Dean burst out laughing, "Watch your teeth, kitty. Maybe I should have smoothed it out before I put my dick in it, now I'll just have to pray you won't bite it off."
"How long ago?" Castiel asked carelessly in return. He hooked his arm around Dean's neck and tugged the man on top of him into a deep kiss, "This evening has made you nostalgic for the old days?"
"Damn," he cursed, "I still can't believe that the most you've refined in tens of thousands of years are your lovemaking skills. Maybe I really should go to hell for teaching an angel how to give dirty titty sex."
"I'm not mouldy. I'm just..." Castiel didn't finish the second half of his sentence. He was just counting the days he had left, wondering if he could wait for Dean and see him before he said goodbye forever.
"Realizing..." The demon paused, Castiel was fast asleep, exhaustion causing his eyelids to magnetically attract each other, Dean's outline blurred. Before he fell head over heels into the abyss of slumber, the demon laughed a little, his reply sounding soft and gentle as he said, "Realizing that you're actually a slut who can't live without me, Cas."
And but a night later, the rejuvenated angel once again called out Dean's name, making Dean's new day start with waking up because his dick was being licked and squeezed. Basically, as Crowley (annoyingly) pointed out, they did nothing but have sex this time.
They walked quickly, one in front of the other, and the other chasing after him, almost like a burlesque. A lady passing by gave them a strange look, but Dean didn't care at all.
He closed his eyes and felt a peace he had never felt before. From the day he had come back from the dead, he had enjoyed everything he wanted: food, wine, sex, but deep inside, there was always a voice tumbling around, telling him that none of it was what he wanted. When he woke up one morning next to some unknown woman, he watched as the deep black shoulder-length curls of the woman lying next to him were a mess from last night's, his movement out of bed had obviously woken her, the woman muttered, her eyelashes batted, and then the light blue slowly revealed itself, the morning light spilling over her face, the contours of the woman's face twisted in the light, looking somewhat harder at this angle, and at that moment, Dean finally knew what he needed.
"Good evening, Cas." Dean's voice. Low and mellow, seemingly darker than ever, he finally dropped a kiss on Castiel's hair, "My sleeping beauty awake at last?"
They did it. They did a lot, thanks to the little perks of demonization, and if it had been the Dean he once was, he wouldn't have been able to hang out with Castiel without sleep and lunch breaks. Literally, Castiel's stomach was full of his semen, smelling like he'd been marked by Dean, his eyes open but apparently not thinking about anything, just open, perhaps the ability to think as such had completely disappeared down the rounds of sex.
"Baby, do you remember a long time ago?" Dean moved gently to push his angel onto the couch, and Castiel fell back in line, as languid as a cat, his pyjamas falling apart under his movements. He still looked the same as he had tens of thousands of years ago, his complexion a little darker than Dean's, but surprisingly fine and smooth to the touch.
"Did I come at a bad time?" The obnoxious voice rang out. Snapping out of his memories, Dean glanced at Crowley, who was covering his eyes, and gave the demon a blank face, responding coldly, "Obviously, when a man's bathroom door is closed, you should assume he's taking a bath."
Half an hour later, the demon walked out of the motel where Castiel had rented a long-term room, carrying an angel wearing erotic underwear under a proper coat and with unhappiness written all over his face. The place is quite remote and not many people come and go during the day, so it saves anyone the effort of casting a strange look. Dean rolled his eyes at Castiel's cream-coloured pimpmobile parked outside and immediately shoved the angel in his arms into Impala's copilot.
"I'm not so weak that I can't eat my own sandwich," Castiel said without a smile as the sandwich was lifted to his mouth by Dean. He tried to reach for it, but Dean just grabbed his hand.
"Then, lasagna, too." Dean walked off the bed. He tripped over something and looked down to find a body that had already gone cold, and even the blood was no longer flowing from the stabbed chest. He bristled at the corpse, then turned his head to look at the other man, "Oh yeah, Cas, throw out the trash in the room later."
"Hello there, Sophia." I waved my hand, "I'm busy saving the world. Running from dozens of intergalactic wanted posters by the way."
Castiel sat up from Dean's arms as he gestured for me to spread my palm, then the bony hand gently touched mine and a straight, beautiful black feather landed in my palm, he said, clearly not responding to me, "The feather of a fallen angel and the blood of the righteous man, I'm curious what exactly Jack added to the recipe when he restarted the universe. "
"So-" Dean didn't rush to start the car up, he leaned back in his seat and turned his head to Castiel with a smile, "How's Sam doing?"
Castiel took the glass, and he cocked his head, his smile blooming brightly. He said, "Dean, that's all I want."
The heat rolled through the room, it was a sunny day and the room that had been in the sun all day did not cool down easily as the night wore on. A mist of water condensed on the beer bottle taken from the mini-fridge, which had only been sipped and then left unattended. The poor quality motel mattress creaked from being overwhelmed, the blanket had been kicked to the floor at some point and lay with the clothes scattered around, while the sheets were crumpled and soaked with sweat, with other bodily fluids-
Judging by the way the demon winked at him, he must have been hinting at something to Castiel, but Castiel was confused. Dean's expression collapsed as he lazily rolled his eyes and tasted Castiel's leftover sandwich himself. He bristled and changed the subject, "Is that how you survived on sandwiches for months?"
The next day, Castiel woke up with Dean lying on his side next to him, holding one of his favourite porn magazines and a half-bitten slice of meatball cheese pizza.
Dean looked sideways as the early morning daylight filtered through the cracks in the unzipped curtains, the rays imprinting a sense of holiness on Castiel's face, even though what he was doing at the moment had absolutely nothing to do with the word. The angel is still a child of light. He stared thoughtfully at Castiel, and Crowley's words about the declining grace came back to him.
Dean looked gorgeous now. The way his eye-tails were always upturned made his eyes look very amorous, and when those eyes were fixed on Castiel, he couldn't resist any request the man made. So when Dean pleaded with him "don't leave me", Castiel couldn't say anything other than "I won't leave you".
Shame. That was the nearest similar adjective Dean could come up with. The Dean Winchester he had once been was a shame, dragged down by a pointless conscience, and he certainly didn't want to be him again.
The man immediately shut his mouth. Not completely, given that he was still moaning at each heavy poke of that dick into him, but he didn't complain anymore. Their bodies joined like a well-coordinated symphony orchestra, and after dozens of heavy strokes, the man on top finally came to an uncontrollable stop, he fell helplessly into the other man's arms as he became a spinless cat, the tip of his nose sniffing around at the other man's neck as he muttered something inaudible, probably something like "You smell so good " or "please let me cum" or whatever, but the one he was riding was unmoved, just lazily stroking the sizeable black cat on him, occasionally lifting his crotch to get his cock buried deeper inside the other.
Dean jerked his crotch faster, his cock rubbing against Castiel's sac, pushing in this artificially created canal, occasionally grinding past the place between his hole and his cock, as if trying to find an entrance for him to invade inside the closure. Soon, Castiel turned from gasping to pleading, just the friction of his legs was not enough to make the angel cum, he craved real penetration, yet Dean was not going to give it to him for now. He even deliberately slowed down, milking the lustful words out of Castiel's mouth. The unashamed angel would say anything for pleasure at the moment, and occasionally he would say something good, and Dean would reward him by holding his cock, stroking it a few times, and then pulling away despite Castiel's reluctance.
Then, somehow, Dean quickly realised my well-intentioned lie. His face fell, he muttered things like "people have no taste these days" and "I hear even Earthlings don't drink coffee anymore" and waved me off, perhaps as a goodbye. Then Castiel stood up, he put his hand on my shoulder, and the next moment I felt a lightness in my body and landed back on the ground...
"What do you want me to do?" Not bothering with greetings, Dean asked bluntly. Crowley raised an eyebrow, as always, in a roundabout way, and said, "Oh, Squirrel, I thought you'd like to catch up with me after not seeing each other for days."
Then Dean came inside him, and Castiel groaned helplessly, amazed that he could barely get anything out. They exchanged another kiss, Castiel cupping the face of the man on top of him, and at the end of that kiss, he kissed the demon preciously on the forehead and again on his eyelids.
"Uh... Guys," a faint voice intervened, and the long-ignored clerk greeted them with a volume that came out of the ground. Dean turned his head, and he saw the clerk's face with a look of concern that said, "Are you guys out of your minds? Is there something wrong with your heads?", as he held up the packed food and said, "Your order is ready."
Crowley choked on Dean's sudden interruption, and Dean stared hard at the demon, trying to suppress the hostility that had sprung up in him at the mention of Castiel, and reiterated in a tone that left no room for doubt, " Do not touch Cas. He belongs to me, no matter what you intend to make him do. Only I can command him. Only I am his master."
The knot in Castiel's throat twitched and Dean easily broke his grip, "On the contrary, for the first time I'm so clear about what I want, Cas. Want to hear about all the great adventures I've had over the last few months? You wouldn't believe what I've done."
Suddenly his body flinched and his cock twitched a little, spitting out more pre-cum. The brown-haired man chuckled, the change in his bed partner's body obviously not escaping his attention as he gently grabbed the other man's cock, circled the base of the length and cruelly blocked the tip with his thumb, saying in a brisk tone, "Not yet, Cas. You should let me enjoy it first, shouldn't you?"
They walked into the fast-food chain called Los Pollos Hermanos - at Castiel's insistence that he didn't need to be carried, apparently - and sat in the window seat. Dean gave Castiel a menu, and he quickly chose his lunch, then watched with interest as Castiel agonized over the names of the dishes on it that he couldn't figure out. Castiel knew Dean was watching him, and the man's most uncomfortable hobby was watching Castiel's bewildered expression when dealing with human things. It was annoying, and even though Castiel was quite caring for Dean, he would still need to control his urge to roll his eyes at Dean from time to time. And the other man turning into a demon only seemed to intensify this craving.
He probably should have been happy indeed. His dream had come true, he'd seen Dean before he died, and yesterday they had even been tangled on all fours in a hotel bed, breathing intertwined. And now that he had slept inside Impala and shared a lunch with Dean, everything had gone far beyond what Castiel had ever thought he could have, he had every reason to be happy. But all the happiness was built on a loft in the air. In front of him was not Dean, but a demon, with whom he might be able to steal a moment of pleasure, but it would end, to everything there is a season, he knew that better than anyone.
The streets were empty at night, and he gently touched the hilt of the First Blade, the Mark of Cain etched on the lower arm of his right hand tingled happily, but Dean's hand also quickly withdrew. He pushed open the door of the fast-food restaurant, ordered a few items from the slim clerk, who looked no more than twenty years old and wore a hat with the logo of the restaurant, and then sat down opposite the demon who looked sparingly flipping through the menu.
He dropped his eyes and saw Dean biting his lip, suddenly wanting to kiss him and tell him that he willingly became his. It was not until Dean blinked, a ray of unmistakable black from the eyes rolled over, that Castiel snapped out of it.
The night sky above their heads was so clear and bright. It was clear as a river of flowing stars, brilliant colours bringing dreamlike beauty, the stars like some kind of living, breathing ancient life. Of course, he knew this was not true, when he still had wings, he could go to another galaxy, could reach places that humans may never go, he knew this universe, far more than what humans know. He never imagined that looking up at the stars from a human perspective, they are so small, the world is so huge, and this sense of powerlessness is actually very beautiful. He drowned in the river of starlight, squinting in fascination, trying to distinguish the stars he had visited. He wanted to point out to Dean the planet on which he had sat alone for a thousand years and made friends with a river that was now dry, but human eyesight limited him, and he could hardly distinguish the dense cluster of stars, nor could he return to the place that had once given him peace.
They looked at each other for a moment. The King of Hell looked at him searchingly, narrowing his eyes slightly, as if testing his boundaries, and slowly, he nodded, "Fine. No one will touch your angel, he belongs to you now, just as we agreed. Some addition for the grace with some witch's little secret recipe, and you'll have the angel that is completely corrupted - I understand."
It is the third day since I landed on this planet. In fact, all is not as bad as it seems - yes, it's an underdeveloped and marginal planet; yes, my craft has crashed and I don't know how long it will take to repair it; yes, I'm here for the big question of the survival of humanity in the universe, and right now I have no clue what I'm supposed to be looking for.
"I want you to carry me out..." Castiel took a deep breath and lowered his voice, "Let me hang on to you and we walk to the restaurant where everyone can see you fucking me and see how I belong to you. Then we'll fuck at the table and you can put the pie on me."
Castiel leaned into Dean's arms and was almost sitting on Dean's lap at the silent scream inside me, "If Daniel is here for the spell, I think I need to give him something too. I heard your prayer."
He walked over to Impala and got back in the car, and not long after, Dean came out of the convenience store too, carrying a bag full of snacks. He put these in the back seat, then opened the driver's-side door and got in. Even though Castiel was pretty sure Dean hadn't seen him on the phone with Sam just then, he couldn't help but tense up his body and look out the window a little evasively. He really wasn't very good at lying at all. He thought so, thankful that Dean hadn't noticed the phone booth ahead of him.
How strange, the angel leaning over the demon as they observed the world together. A heart-rending struggle appeared in Castiel's heart: he wanted this moment to last until the next apocalypse, until the end of the world, until forever. But Dean put his arm around his shoulders, and for Castiel, that was all he cared about.
That night, he had a good, long dream. The night he and Dean spent in the back seat of Impala was not comfortable by any stretch of the imagination, but the dream was comforting, at least the next morning, Castiel woke up with a smile on his lips. From an angel's point of view, a dream is also a reality, so he was happy that everything in his dream had been real for a short time. On the drive back to the hotel, none of them mentioned the secret Castiel had told, and no one pointed out Dean's lack of response.
No angel has ever died a slow death from consuming a grace that did not belong to him, after losing his own and taking the grace of another.
As he awoke, he became aware of someone kissing him. He was not familiar with this feeling, although April did kiss him, but that was a long time ago. The kiss of death was gentle, whereas the kiss now was not. There were arms holding him firmly, a kiss that belonged to a predator. That ragged gasp was right behind his ear, and Castiel's too-weak body didn't have a single ounce of strength to resist. Oddly enough, his instincts didn't want to resist either. He finally recognized the sound of the person breathing behind him - "Dean?"
"You like me doing that, don't you?" Dean spoke, his voice rough and husky, "You're almost actively fucking yourself on my fingers. So... Slutty."
"Cas, I thought I said you should just go rest?" Dean wrapped his arms around the man beside him and they looked so close, Dean's lips were right next to Castiel's ear and I averted my eyes unnaturally, a pang of embarrassment rising up in my heart.
"And then I want you to cum in my womb ...... We can have another baby, Dean. Of course, if you don't want to fuck me tonight, then let's play some board games, I just bought the latest version of Flying Chess from the shop two days ago." He paused for a moment and said in a provocative tone, "Maybe I'm more interested in that one."
Dean didn't press the issue, the car drove slowly up the road, inside the car is unusually silent, Castiel looked at the tape player that turned off. Only in rare cases, Dean will let the journey be so quiet.
"You're beautiful." He said unconsciously. The demon curled his mouth at this heartfelt compliment, he lay on Castiel's back and kissed the angel passionately, the lips and tongues intertwined, continuing the charming atmosphere from earlier. The kiss grew deeper and deeper, Castiel was a little breathless, he struggled to roll over, his legs clamped around Dean's waist, he clung to the other man, as if the man was the only branch he could climb between him and the abyss, he did not dare to let go. Not knowing when he was lying on top of Dean, Dean ripped off his robe that was in the way, and unbuckled his belt, stomped off all the clothes on his legs, including his underwear, the spirited little Dean was saying something in a silent voice.
His time was running out, and he fell asleep again, building up his last strength for his sole purpose.
"I know, but that doesn't stop me from liking to calling you that. It's cute." Dean pulled his fingers out and skilfully rummaged through the drawer of his nightstand for a bottle of lube, squeezed some into his hand, and then once again stroked Castiel's rear end. With the help of the lube, he quickly sent his finger to its destination, and the hole, which shouldn't be invaded by a foreign object, made an exception for the devil - not only welcoming his entry, but also contracting enthusiastically, trying to let him in deeper. Castiel was a bit confused by his own body, he was surprised that a simple touch brought him a pleasure he had never experienced before, and he didn't even know his body could be so sensitive. It was like touching a naked, beautiful human soul - Castiel had never told Dean how amazing their contact was for him when he touched the other soul. He didn't know how much Dean remembered, but Castiel remembered every second of it, remembered how he had flanked him with his wings and dragged him out of that place of darkness and filth. He remembered how he had returned to heaven and tried to keep his tone calm to report to Zachariah, "Dean Winchester is saved."
It was then that Castiel's eyes filled with sadness as he looked at him. He still smiled and slowly told Dean, I'll be with you, but the sky was blue and cloudy, and no light could be seen.
"I want you to kiss me, Dean." He whispered in the demon's ear. The demon was delighted, and their lips met, Castiel forgetting everything, snatching up every wisp of air he could, but of course, he was the one who lost first, because the demon didn't need to breathe. When the lingering kiss ended and Dean seemed to have reached the end of his patience, he set Castiel's legs upon his shoulders, almost breaking the man beneath him in half, and made the final thrust with maximum force. Impala wailed under their movements, and Castiel quietly apologized for the lady before giving himself full attention to the grand finale of this sexual affair.
"How did he die?" Blood marks glowed on his right arm. The pleasure from the combination of sex and death was unmatched by ordinary sex. Death took life, sex birthed new life, and the collision of life and death turned into a flood of dopamine in his brain as his hand around Castiel's waist tightened, no doubt leaving his own imprint. "Tell me, Cas, what did you do?"
But for the moment Dean was enjoying himself. He pressed his lips to Castiel's stomach, gradually moving them upwards and eventually, slowly, slowly, to Castiel's chest. Despite the fact that Nephilim was not required to nurse, somehow Castiel's body still automatically modified the physiology of the male vessel, and at five or six months after each pregnancy, his chest would be fuller than before, and softer to the touch than the pure muscle of the chest. Dean skilfully peeled away the robe that was in the way and covered Castiel's nipple with his lips, taking it in his teeth and squeezing it gently while covering the angel's sheer, quite soft breast flesh with his palm and pushing it towards the centre, content to enjoy Castiel's gasp. Angel touched him lightly with his knee, signalling him not to pressure the child, and Dean moved a little sideways, squeezing himself between the back of the couch and Castiel, the sucking motion on his mouth not stopping. His other hand hollowly soothed up the other side, his fingertips kneading the tips of his swollen breasts, and he had to admit that he rather enjoyed being able to sink his palms into the angel's breasts. Perhaps that was why he yearned so much for the time after each Castiel conception.
Castiel didn't answer, and Dean didn't expect him to have an answer. He withdrew abruptly from Castiel's body, pushed the latter down on the bed, rolled over, and reburied himself in a beastly mating position. His rhythm was now more relentless and savage than the warmth he had felt a few moments before. He choked Castiel's waist, not caring if the man beneath him could handle the treatment, pushing deeper and deeper, his flesh touching with a clear, over-the-top slapping sound. At first, Castiel could barely withstand this; but his body was too weak, and as he had always been well aware, he was going to die. It was only a matter of time, and what Dean was doing now was no doubt shortening that time. The position was not comfortable, Castiel did not have the strength to kneel on the bed, he began to be unable to breathe, coughing violently, a sharp stabbing pain came from his lungs, and given the current situation, he was not sure he would make it through the night. He was so wretched that he buried his face in his arms, unwilling to behave like a dying whimpering dog, thinking that at least he retained this bit of dignity.
But one has to look on the positive side of everything, that's what my mother always taught me - she said that we are of the House of Wold and it is not our creed in life to give up so easily. If there's anything I've believed in since I was a kid, it's that the sky is the limit.
Castiel dropped to his knees as he rested himself between Dean's legs, unbuckled his belt, unzipped his trousers, and pulled out a glowing little Dean, his solid chest pressing up voluntarily. They'd done this a million times before; Castiel expertly gathered the little fat on his chest and worked very hard to wedge Dean's cock between that. And the nipple holes that had just been sucked open oozed more milk under Castiel's movements, wetting Dean's trousers thoroughly. He stroked Castiel's chin teasingly as if teasing a puppy. The angel looked up at him, his meek downcast eyes moist and bright, and he seemed to be annoyed by Dean's movements as the angel buried his face down and heaved a sip at the head of Dean's cock, where the unsuspecting man almost felt his soul being sucked out of him at once. He pinched Castiel's nipple and complained in a shaky airy voice, "You're so naughty."
The demon kissed the corner of Castiel's mouth, "I'm so glad you're always thinking of me, Cas. But you are mistaken about one thing, I don't need to be saved by anyone. It's my choice."
"Baby, you promised me." Dean leaned in and Castiel backed up until his back was against the car door, unable to retreat while Dean's hand was on his neck, "You said you wouldn't leave me."
"Your pet is guarding it out there, and I don't think he'd be happy to see me much, even though he's...", the cautious demon weighed his words, " Corrupted. "
Shh, he kissed the tip of the angel's ear, some words that had lingered on his lips for a long time spontaneously spilt out, I'm here, baby.
That was one of his favourite things Castiel could do during his pregnancy. He was such a complete asshole, he knew that, but Cas loved it when he was such an asshole.
And then everything shattered like a bubble, leaving Castiel with nothing but a quiet, peaceful sleep.
Even weirder than him was this house. I'd never seen a place so primitive, so primitive that I couldn't even recognise more than half of the house's interior decoration. Sophia probably knew quite a bit about it; for the first time I longed beyond measure for my sister to be with me.
He slept for a while, maybe several hours, he couldn't be sure. Finally, it was the slowing of the car that woke him up, and he opened his eyes blankly to see that they were parked in front of a fast-food restaurant in a style very much to Dean's taste.
Dreaming is a sign of danger. For humans, dreams maybe just normal brainwave activity, but when an angel starts dreaming, it's evidence that he's too much like a human. In other words, in the present, it is also evidence of how weak Castiel is now. During his brief time as a human, Castiel was deeply puzzled by the phenomenon of dreaming. Of course, he understood dreams, he had seen many people's dreams, and when he looked at them from a more macroscopic perspective, the dream in his eyes was very different from the picture presented by the human brain. He can feel dreams. He could experience how dreams wrapped around him, and this brain activity that humans inadvertently create during sleep was magical. For the angel, he was touching a soft mass of matter that flowed and shifted, looking like a mass of furry tentacles, while at the same time being multidimensional enough to extend to higher dimensions. Castiel used to think that humans knew nothing about dreams, that these creatures trapped in this dimension could not break through the material barrier and see the more wondrous world, and Castiel often felt sorry for them. But it was not until he officially experienced the dream world as a human, that he realized that it was they - they angels - who really knew nothing about it. Angels knew too much, but felt too little. All the feelings that bothered him were magnified in his dreams: sluggish, painful, light, dreams were like a cruel show where you had to stare at everything happening in front of you and you couldn't do anything about it. Can't really do anything about it. He began to understand Dean better in those days when he lived alone, in every night he woke up from his sleeping bag inside the convenience store because of his dreams. You can't escape these dreams, they will follow you until you go to a place where you don't dream. After turning back into an angel, the only thing Castiel didn't miss was the dreams. Now they're back.
"That's why you have to get to my side and take Dean away immediately. When I die, I don't know where he'll go, and you know where I live now. Get going now, Sam."
Their journey was far from over, and after this slightly late lunch, Dean packed two beef burger combo's for dinner, and they were back on the Impala, heading out into the wilderness to the Zeppelin classic playing over and over again. Castiel braced himself to make small talk with Dean for a while, but physical exhaustion soon captured him and put him back to sleep. Now it was like their roles were reversed; Dean was no longer the fragile human, he could drive restlessly, and Castiel became the one who was gazed at in his sleep. It didn't feel bad, but Castiel still wished he was stronger, or at least strong enough to get Dean back to the bunker. When his eyes opened again, Castiel noticed the dark silence around him, and Dean sitting silently beside him, messaging someone, the light from his phone screen lighting up a small part of his handsome face, the car apparently having been parked for a while.
"Shhh," Castiel's hand that reached for the bedside phone was pressed by Dean. The demon grabbed Castiel's phone and crushed it with a gentle push, "We don't need Sam poking his nose out to meddle, this is a time for just you and me."
And that was the truth. After Castiel had lured Sam to the motel where he'd stayed earlier, Dean had fled two towns away with the unconscious angel in his arms. Castiel slept for three full days, and when he woke up, he looked at Dean and his first action was to pounce on him and give him a kiss.
He called out Dean's name. He screamed in his sleep, struggling in vain, unable to stop until he was hoarse and exhausted, as if that was the only thing he could do. He could not touch Dean, a little touch would make everything mend as it was; he could not sit on his knees beside him and give any relief to the man before him. He just ... Watched.
"You're okay with going out with anal plugs, but you don't like a pair of fancy panties?" Without turning his head, Castiel knew Dean was staring at him sideways searchingly, with that somewhat smirking look.
"Dean." Castiel cried out in a tone that most closely resembled pouting. The angel's voice, trapped in the lust to be resolved, sounded much softer than at other times, with a certain sweetness, and there was only room for one person in his eyes. He stared straight at Dean, his full, dry lips glistening from the kiss he had just received, and then he smiled like a man possessed, "Am I not being good enough? Maybe you should teach me more, every minute of every day, we have all the time in the world. I want you to fuck me, fill me up and never pull out."
Castiel was a little annoyed and a little distracted by the bulging sensation in his stomach. He stirred gamely, satisfied to see Dean's eyes narrow in satisfaction at the sudden pleasure. Castiel unexpectedly found that he liked the sensation more than he thought he did, and appreciating the way Dean separated and collapsed under his thrust, he did what he could think of - he continued to swing his body up. Gulping Dean's cock was a strenuous job, especially for him now, and such frequent movements almost made him go white before his eyes, forcing him to stop after a while. Dean just looked at him, palm still pressed firmly against his abdomen, and said in a faintly audible voice, "Go on, Cas."
"How was your nap?" Dean reached out and brushed his hair out of his eyes, then the demon cupped Castiel's chin, "Did I ever tell you? You're such a little angel when you're asleep."
"Have you had any deals?" In his judgment of the situation, Castiel was as sharp as the old Castiel, "You know he'll try to take advantage of you in any way he can, and be prepared to be betrayed when you make a deal with him."
The poor young man who had just ordered for Dean looked up their way, his expression looked uncomfortable as hell, but had the good sense not to say anything. When you always working on the night shift, you learned to mind your own business.
"Listen to me, I don't have much time. Dean has been with me for the last few days, I don't know how he found me, I tried to convince him to go back but he didn't want to and destroyed my phone. I don't have the power to force him to go back - in fact, I'm probably going to die in a couple of days."
"Dean," Castiel said solemnly and firmly, staring at the thin panties being handed to him, "I don't want them."
"Thanks." He ignored Crowley, took the packed plastic bag, turned around and headed out of the store. Unsurprisingly, Crowley quickly caught up with him, not looking too happy.
"You're worried about me." Dean cupped Castiel's chin and smiled smugly, "There's no need to worry about me, he just needs me to do something for him. It's not a big deal, certainly not more important than you."
And it was at this time that he suddenly felt a pair of arms wrap tightly around him; the chair that had trapped him disappeared, and in its place, encircling Castiel was a warm body, and a low, gentle voice.
Finally, he heard Dean's murmur, "... Good thing that son of a bitch Crowley actually got this stuff. Just drink it in and you'll be fine, right?"
The man sitting across him rolled his eyes once more. Dean flashed his signature 'I'm so cute' smile at a helpless Castiel, who let out a long sigh before he reluctantly spoke, "I want you to fuck me."
He wakes up, Castiel may be in his arms, may have bought him breakfast, or may have started his morning sex game. Nothing mattered beyond that; Dean loved the feeling.
I thought helplessly as my eyes scanned the pristine forest. It was formerly known as America, or at least that's what the ancient people called it on that map. Now it is just a barren, primitive jungle, surrounded by mountains, with a rudimentary access road poured out of the most basic materials of concrete, where even the birds dare to call out over your head. As a hunter, I often have to travel from planet to planet and have been to some not so developed ones, but even with lowered standards, Earth is horribly underdeveloped. What's even more disturbing is that the people who live here seem to be used to the inconvenience - I've been to most of the shops close to the hotel in the last two days to get my craft repaired, and it's hard to believe that most of the mechanical repair shops don't even stock nuclear-powered mandrel accelerators. The robot at the counter is programmed to say goodbye in a way that I'm sure you couldn't find a more hospitable employee on any planet.
Matching the pleasure his fingers brought, he adjusted his angle and ground it toward the prostate inside Castiel. Castiel's body shuddered again as the pleasure built up and he knew he wouldn't be able to sustain it for much longer. With the frequent contractions of Castiel's hole, Dean's cock jerked up inside him, and there was no doubt that he too was nearing his peak. The last few touches were not exceptional, but Castiel came without warning, and at this moment he felt as if what made up him was not muscle and bone, but a puddle of water, dripping from under his skin and leaking clean along Dean's fingers. He sank down into the mattress, seeping in bit by bit, barely aware that his overused posterior cavity was still being repeatedly stretched open as Dean pressed against his tailbone, a trace of the human left behind by the degeneration of his organs almost defeating his brain with an overdose of pleasure, and in his hoarse scream, Dean shot into him.
"I don't have time to play any of that ruler of Hell stuff with you for now." Dean showed the plastic bag he was holding to Crowley, "Good food, and a beauty - I don't think listening to your bumbling henchmen debrief would be any more fun than this."
" I wasn't thinking about..." Castiel coughed over the tightening force on his neck, "I'm dying. I can't help you, but Sam still can."
Dean sat down on the bed, he put one arm around Castiel's shoulders and gave them a gentle squeeze, "Well, that's why you need me and a dozen take-out flyers."
Castiel moved his body a little, and only then did he realize what seemed to be different. There was something furry between his legs, as well as a not-so-small foreign object being shoved inside him. He lifted the covers and finally realized that it was a furry cat tail attached to a rubber stalk that was then shoved inside him. Castiel raised an eyebrow as he turned his head to look at Dean, silently seeking an explanation.
"How does that feel?" He squirmed a little. Castiel's inner thighs were still dry, and he pulled a bottle of lube from the nightstand, which was still unused, and squeezed it on their private parts, which were pressed together. The coldness of the lube made Castiel shrink for a moment, but soon all he could think of and do was moan as Dean began to thrust up slowly.
"And the funny thing is, I didn't." Dean winked and offered Castiel a sly smile, "Good thing do happen, don't they?"
Although it wasn't the first time for either of them, Castiel hadn't had much of a chance to really gaze at Dean's genitals yesterday. He took some time to examine it carefully, Dean was beautifully shaped and the man wasn't bragging, it was indeed... difficult for the average person to contain. Castiel began to wonder how it had gotten inside him before, and he tentatively and carefully licked at the small hole in the cock, Dean's taste tasted a little salty, but not repulsive to him. Then he got a little bolder and took the head of Dean's cock in his mouth, sucking gently and repeatedly stimulating with his tongue where he could reach it, while in his ear, Dean was gasping like some porn star.
"He wasn't supposed to talk, so I took his tongue first." Castiel closed his eyes and recalled, "Then I looked at his memories, he was a man who suffocated his wife with his own hands but escaped justice, so I put a pillow in his stomach, and he didn't like the feeling very much. Then he died."
It's a basic rule of being a hunter that you shouldn't rely too much on human tools, especially electronic ones, they're not very compatible with supernatural beings. It was true, and after the hovercar had completely lost its bearings and run out of energy, I had to pull up the map, which looked like a product of the New Age, so worn that it was barely legible, its patterns a muddled mess, and marked in a headache-inducing archaic script. I shivered and prayed that I wouldn't freeze to death here before the end of the world, as I struggled to identify the route, and it was getting late in the evening, when the Earth's climate was cold and it was autumn in the cycle of the seasons, and there wasn't much energy left in my thermostat.
Castiel deepened the kiss. At the same time, his holes surrendered tightly to Dean, almost hungrily milking the man for his cum. Dean couldn't hold on any longer. He pinched Castiel's crotch bone and pushed hard into the other man's body, listening to the crushing longing that emanated from between Castiel's throats as Dean finally came. Like a dying bird, his angel staggered backwards into the chest of the man behind him, his hand resting on the belly as he breathed heavily and nuzzled his nose against Dean's hair dependently.
"I think I'd like to work for you Mr. Winchester, I need money for school and the work seems easy enough."
"Great, someone to literally feed your obsession," commented Bal wryly, expecting an equally unfunny poke at his love for bees, Cas turned to his brother to find him looking at his newly acquired chocolate.
"Hey Dean, we're headed out for dinner with Mom and Dad," Dean couldn't stop his eyebrows climbing his forehead, this was news to him.
Christ, he was so close he was practically in Cas' lap! It was all him too Cas hadn't moved, still securely sat in his corner.
He hadn't thought so, but Cas was Sam's friend. So he wanted to be nice to the guy and not intimidating. You had to invest in Cas, he needed coaxing out of his shell, and of course with Gabriel and Sam being so wrapped up in each other it had led to them hanging out on occasion.
Dean looked at Cas finding this new side to him surprising, his mind was cast back to the night on his bed Dean had been trying to take time with himself since then, was Cas some kind of mind reader?
"He's a little upset after hearing everything I said," Cas caught Dean's eyes nodding his go ahead for Dean to head over to his brother.
Dean was still repeatedly moving in and out of him, overstimulating the angel who had just reached the orgasm, each movement causing Castiel to moan softly, he was having a hard time focusing. Dean's face was close, they were looking at each other, the universe was slowing down the flow for him at this point. Castiel was no longer a full angel, he no longer had all those great powers that belonged to angels, but every time Dean possessed him and took him to the peak, it was the closest thing for him to the moment when he had everything. In a trance, he would think he was loved, and the mere illusion was enough to make Castiel feel overwhelmingly powerful.
“You take that side and I’ll do a sweep along this side, don’t make any hasty decisions, Dean” Sam warned
“Cas, you’re making me dizzy, man. Come and sit down” Sam taps the chair next to him slightly in invitation. Castiel pauses briefly before accepting the seat next to Sam. He sits down with a sigh.
“....the day I lost you. When Lucifer-“ Dean shut his eyes against the image of Lucifer plunging the blade through Castiel’s back and light spilling from his eyes and mouth as his life was extinguished.
“You don’t want to stay out here?” Cas shakes his head. “No.” He encircled his arms around Dean’s waist
Dean thought for a moment. It wasn’t like him to flake out like this but the fight had gone out of him. The desire to butcher and kill was no longer a flame the burned in him.
“Dean?! Dean, can you hear me? Dean, it’s me, Sam, can you hear me?” Sam’s panic stricken voice was too loud in Dean’s over-sensitive ears.
“Listen to me, you sick son of a bitch. I don’t know who the fuck you are but I swear, as soon as I’m out of here I will hunt you down and tear you apart, piece by piece do you hear me?”
Dean woke up 5 hours later in his old room, reaching for his phone. Nothing from Cas the Stubborn asshole. Dean was miserable. No, actually. Pathetic is what he was. Missing Cas after just a few hours was pathetic. He pulled up their old message threads on his phone - he even had a “❤️” next to his name. See? Damn pathetic, smitten asshole that he was. His fingers hovered over the keys. He was just about to give in and text as the ping of a message sounded. Dean’s chest fluttered because he was that pathetic now.
“Pleasure to make your acquaintance...” Castiel slowly turns the dogs licence in his fingers to view his name
It was a standard hunt. It was not meant to go this way, saving people, hunting things, it’s what they did. Today was not meant to be the day, but then, Dean always knew that it would end this way for him. His plan was always to “go out swinging” That was until...that was until he did what he did. And now he’d let him down. His sacrifice was all for nothing. Fuck, it was typical Dean Winchester! Epic failure, monumental fucking disappointment.
Two weeks. It had been two weeks since Castiel had been back. Two weeks of awkward silence. Two weeks of furtive glances. Two weeks of adjusting to his new humanity. Two weeks of mourning his grace. Two weeks, 8 hours and 42 minutes of longing for the return of Dean’s friendship. They exchanged pleasantries enough, like they were strangers in the street. It left a hollow feeling within Castiel’s chest. He exiled himself to his room, keeping to himself, every day waking with a new hope that today may be the day that Dean would wish to talk. Each day passed without event. And without Dean.
"He will, I'll take one of these." Dean watches Sam pick out a madeleine, the sight of his brother voluntarily eating something sweet is amazing. Did Sam mean it? Was he going to tell him where to find that incredible pie? If so Dean had better start saving himself for it.
It pays off surprisingly well, pulling two titles that seem interesting yet very different it's a small success that has him smiling.
Moving to get a carton of eggs from the fridge Dean answered, "How can I when you show me a picture like that. Seriously though, I may have had reservations because they're so different but even I can see how they compliment each other. Much as it pains me Gabriel makes Sammy so happy, it's actually quite maddening. You want eggs Cas?"
"Assume all you want," what the hell was that! Had his mouth become independent from his brain. "I mean, it'd be great to do it again, uh maybe a movie?" he suggested.
The question had Cas looking bewildered, "God, no, I just, how has no one taken their time with you?"
"Honestly, that's the place." Sam wanted to say he owed his quasi-boyfriend a favor by knew better to mention it.
Cas often felt in awe of Dean and Sam's relationship even with Gabriel laying on his own protective streak it felt different, mostly becuase more often than not he felt he was looking after Gabriel.
"I'm better than okay, I love waking up to you." he smiled allowing Sam to pull him against his chest. Yeah, Sam was right, he didn't need to get up everything he needed was right here holding him tight.
"You know they do pranks at MIT," added Alfie hardly moving his eyes away from Benny, both too wrapped up in each other to care.
Dean was feeling excited about the day ahead, yesterday Henry had departed for his school trip getting on the bus with Inias and a smile. It was his real first time away from home, Dean was feeling equally scared and proud.
"And blow each other," joked Gabriel, "It's fine Sambo, I won't allow our first time to be a quick fumble to take the edge off, I want to take my time with you and we're going to build up to these, slowly."
Walking toward English class Sam gasped at the sudden hand around his wrist, strong and firm it quickly pulled him in a different direction. Seeing it was Gabriel, he didn't protest though he had wanted to avoid him longer than thirty minutes.
When Dean finally pulled in to the Roadhouse, he was surprised to find Cas outside standing against his own car. Grabbing his cell and wallet he got out making his way over to the other man.
"Thanks," he says taking hold of the dinosaur, the weight feeling good in his hands, especially since he's missing the weight of Dean's. "He's lovely."
"Okay let's go." finally, once the door was closed Henry settled himself telling Chomps the plan to give his Dad the biggest hug and that they had to cheer Cas up.
Dean closed his eyes he should've been expecting it, anytime conversation made it's way to the topic of sexuality out came the pan joke. Moving away from his (hiding) spot Dean stepped outside towards them, noticing how dumbfounded Cas looked he could see he was trying to formulate a sentence.
Time had practically stood still since Cas had been whisked away by Jody into the depths of the police station. Dean was restless, having abandoned the waiting chairs to pace and stare at the non-moving clock above the front desk. Thirty minutes his ass, Cas had been gone for ages.
"Hello, do you have something for me to sign?" she asked smiling, shit he hadn't even thought ahead and gotten his comic ready, thinking quickly he decided on a question.
Dean had nodded, mouthed a few vowel sounds before running to his apartment to call Sam for what was no doubt a code red emergency.
"Daddy, hurry up we're waiting." Sam looks bemusedly at his nephew currently shouting up the stairs to his brother. In a small miracle, he actually had some time off, deciding to spend it treating Dean and Henry to some fun, Sam style. He hadn't been the best company lately and the case was still ongoing.
"I'm just doing what I can to make sure you stick around Cas, I'm putting that pie on the menu." she smiled grabbing a stool so she could reach the blackboard.
"That breaks my heart." Despite that comment, Dean looked completely unaffected as he took out the portion of lasagna he'd given Castiel and handed it over to the angel, "Eat something, and then I'll feed your other stomach."
"You asked for it." His angel retorted. He began to move his body up, grinding the thing between his breasts, the soft, resilient texture making Dean fairly certain he was roaming heaven on earth.
Castiel looked around curiously, he opened the car door and followed Dean down. The late summer breeze wasn't too cold, and even in the late hours of the night, it still carried warmth. There were no buildings around, a small forest in the distance, mountains stretching further up the skyline, and beyond that, all he could see was an open meadow. Dean fetched his cooled dinner from the back seat, and he sat cross-legged on the grass, waving to Castiel.
"That's the rule." Dean sat up slightly, holding the angel's body that couldn't sit still, and kissed Castiel on the chest, "But you did a good job just now, you deserve a reward."
Castiel didn't think much of it; he too opened the paper wrapping the burger and took a bite; the cooled beef patty and bacon weren't particularly tasty, but they weren't bad, and he'd eaten a lot worse. It was so quiet, no cars, no other people, and he sat side by side with Dean, that for a moment, the world seemed like they had only each other.
They sat facing each other in silence for a while, Castiel kneeling still sitting on Dean's lap, and they said nothing, just sat there. The stars and the wilderness were silent witnesses, and no one knew - no one would know what had happened here -
"So what kind of plants do we have?" asked Sam as Henry sent Cas an exasperated expression, the word amateurs came to mind.
Castiel was deep into his book (Hound of the Baskervilles) when the door opened to Gabriel and Sam. "What are you guys doing here?" he asked happy to see them.
"We're at Hive, the place is awesome." Sam's reply had Dean closing his eyes and pinching the bridge of his nose. Of all the places they could be, especially with what the city had to offer they chose to go there?
"Baby, you're not in the right headspace right now, especially after telling me all that, but I'd love to snuggle the hell out of you as long as you want that?"
Since his brother had taken a new case, he hadn't been around the last two days: pulling all-nighters at the office with his colleagues. Dean had called him earlier demanding he take a break, knowing the kind of cases Sam worked on and how they affected him.
"Can't he wear something of yours Daddy?" pipes up Henry, and isn't that a helpful suggestion? No, it's terrifying, Dean's already been dealing with a shit load of weird reactions today. Won't this be another way to rock the boat?
Dean breathed a sigh of relief at finding a parking spot, the Hive car park was jam-packed. Is this what people did on Saturdays? Abandon everything in the name of plants, or was there some holiday he wasn't aware of?
"You okay Egg?" Henry nodded clutching his new plant tightly and becoming quiet. They went in search of everything they needed, the task is slightly hindered by Henry: who unable to keep a level head in such a paradise kept getting distracted by all the different plants and tools. It didn't bother Sam, anything to get the kid smiling again.
"She's a beautiful car," Dean jumped immediately hitting his head in the process. "Sorry, are you okay?" God, that voice was so deep and rich it had Dean suppressing a whimper.
“Trust me Jo, he can’t be knocked off the throne of little kid worship,” joked Dean on reaching the others, “Thanks for doing the School run,” added Dean taking hold of Henry’s backpack.
"I feel slightly at a disadvantage, surely everyone has had your burgers before?" asks Cas sorting his own food out.
Was this why Sam wanted to tell Gabriel? Because keeping secrets from him hurt? Did Gabriel suspect something and was punishing him through whatever this is?
"I'm not sending you a picture of a dude, let alone my employee," screamed Dean, which honestly was only good sense.
Dean cradled his gun in his hand, it was heavy and familiar against his palm. This feeling he knew. The adrenaline pumped through his veins, riding alongside the anticipation. It was almost exhilarating to feel something other than the crippling numbness of the last 12 months.
“I’ll get the bags” Dean said as he pulled open the trunk and lifted the bags on to his shoulder. Slamming the trunk shut, he smiled shyly at Cas, reaching out to hold his fingertips. No words were needed as Dean lead them both up the rickety old steps, each one creaking beneath their feet. The old seat swing swung softly against the afternoon breeze and Dean thought that it will be nice to sit  there with Cas and a couple beers one night, and the thought made his chest swell. Dean reluctantly let go of Cas’ hand, bending to retrieve the key hidden beneath a wooden slat on the porch floor. His palm pushed open the old wooden door that had seen better days, the warding had been up so long it was a barely noticeable stain upon the grey wood.
“Bobbi, come on let’s go or we’ll be late!” Sam said as he picked up the 3 year old and clipped her into her car seat. He handed her the latest book she was obsessed with “Llama Llama Red Pajamas”, which he had read to her at least ten times in the last 24 hours, and double checked her straps
“I know how you see yourself, Cas. You’re unwanted, Worthless, self-hating. You’re your father’s soldier. And your sense of duty and responsibility, that’s what drives you, that’s who you are. It’s not. And everyone who knows you, sees it. Everything you have done, the good and the bad, you have done for love. You saved this whole world for love. You rebelled against heaven for love. That is who you are, Cas. You know, ever since you pulled me out of hell, knowing you has changed me. Until you, I had no faith. Because you believed in this world, I believed. I believed in all of us. I believed in all of it because of you. You changed me, Cas.”
"Right, yeah I went early to meet him, I had no idea, it's kind of weird how I've wanted to meet him for ages and did twice over a weekend," said Sam grinning happily, phew.
"Gabe, please I don't want to fight can we just go for a little bit?" asked Cas his voice barely loud enough to hear, Gabriel answered with a nod and they both left before Sam or Dean could object.
Could that be possible? Him, Cas and Henry living together surrounded by too many plants, tickle wars and the occasional prank war to boot.
Dean never understood if his father loved women so much, how he could talk about them with such contempt. As if women were less than the dirt on his shoe.
Cas felt a little adrift, “I don’t understand! All week everyone’s been weird, I haven’t seen you with Alistair of Lillith once,”
So you can share this with Dean,” answered Benny placing a meat platter in front of them, “unless you guys were planning on something other than meat feast pizzas,”
"What treachery is this? asks Gabriel entering the room with a floating tray holding four mugs filled with hot chocolate, marshmallows and cream.
During this whole process, Dean had been teased over his love of pie being the sole reason old his jeans were too tight. Those jeans were currently sculpted to Cas' legs, the first sight of Cas in his clothes had done things to him. His stomach had felt this sort of swoopy feeling and he spent his whole shower doing his best to ignore his dick.
"Oh no, sorry kind Sir, but the theatre is out of bounds tonight?" announces Balthazar in what Dean is hoping is accentuated English.
"Not long after it happened I saw Alistair and Lillith picking on this kid, the boy was in tears and they didn't even look guilty or ashamed for what they were doing and in that moment I wanted to feel that kind of oblivion."
Following them into the house Dean pulled the door shut as Gabriel pulled Cas up the stairs, without instructions or enough knowledge of the house Dean felt it wrong to park himself on the couch, could he locate it in the first place.
"Gabriel  what the fuck have you done to my car!" shouted Dean, not bothering to wait for answer  Dean ran to the garage doing his best to ignore Gabriel's laughing.
Dean burst through the front door, the sound making Sam jump a little, "Calm down Sammy it's me, the clowns aren't coming for you."
"They've been expelled," Alfie delivered the news with a big grin as screams of excitement rang out, only Meg stayed silent seeming too shocked to speak.
"Consider this as me checking your credentials." Cas threw him a playful smirk throwing him the keys before walking away with Henry. Fuck, if Dean didn't know better that had felt like flirting, but why?
The first one was white with bees on the front, it was titled Bee Quest, non-fiction about a hunt for the world's most elusive bees. The middle was hardback, small and light blue with a golden honeycomb pattern, it was a book of poetry. The last was bright yellow and tells the story of a worker bee in a hive.
"Gran liked plants didn't she Dad? Can he know plants that way?" Dean is so thrown by the mention of his mother, he doesn't hear Castiel's reply. Henry's right, his Mom did love the garden. It's easily seen in the handful of pictures he has of her, she'd hate how his own garden has seen better days.
Dean paused bottle in hand halfway from taking another sip as he surveyed the table full of empty bottles, fuck this was exactly what John used to do, the only difference was he had only ran out without blooding his fist too. Dean felt terror grip his nothing but beer filled stomach, “I’m gonna be sick,” luckily he had enough time and was able to dart between customers to the bathroom
It was a beautiful kitchen, the early morning light adding to the beauty of it. Dean felt overcome with the urge to cook here, for Cas or perhaps with him, maybe he could show Dean how to make those burgers of his.
"I took it this morning so you wouldn't forget it, uh you know by accident," yeah, Sam knew all his tricks only Dean didn't know why it was such a big deal, it was just a hobby.
"Probably, close your eyes I'll stay with you," Cas smiled at him with what looked like affection, no doubt that stupid half a pill was making him see things too.
“I don’t know, Cas, I really like you and I’ve been so blind in not seeing it and I know I never want to see you in the roadhouse with some other guy, but I’m messed up and scared and don't want to lose you,”
"Yep, the day he walked up to Cas with all that boundless enthusiasm, bonding over what I imagine to be the discovery channel and dead languages. Everyone knows not to touch Sam, so anything Sam likes is safe by association because you're all uber scary when it comes to Sam, apparently," she said rolling her eyes.
"Yeah sorry I was expecting someone else, it's really great to see you kid." he smiled more genuinely happy she was back and in one piece. "When did you get back?" he asked pulling her into that hug.
Are you sure Cas?" checked Dean though desperate to know where they were going he could wait a little longer. Receiving a nod from Cas had him tearing into the envelope, the contents made him break out into a smile.
After a few more rings than normal, a comforting southern drawl answered, "Brother, do you know the time?"
Gabriel's words of encouragement were becoming more and more hollow. Dean was the only person who could confirm he wanted more. And if so there would be other hurdles to overcome, he was a completely different person in the bedroom.
"Daddy, I want this one." Dean smiles, knowing later the blue daisies will remind him of Castiel but for the moment he can't bring himself to care.
"Dude!" admonished Dean staring daggers at Sam for the betrayal, before feeling Gabriel's eyes on him, "Look it was free candy alright, I figured you could just poof it back,"
. After speaking to Cas and arranging to meet for lunch, (yep he and Cas were going to do lunch and he was not freaking out about that). He'd spent the hours in between tuning up Baby, to help not to think about lunch with Cas. And now he was late, knowing he should've fucking set his alarm, time always lost its feel when he was working on Baby.
"Boss, you missed Ash light up like a Christmas tree when Jo came in," Aaron tells him the news makes Dean glad it was definitely the right response.
Registering his words Dean looked down at Cas' hands to find a box of two apple tarts, "Wow thanks Cas, you didn't have to do that you're always welcome here." he smiled so far so good.
Catching it, Dean thought it best to get it over with quickly (before it exploded) and ripped it open to find a star tree decoration, it was white it gold writing in the middle saying 'Baby's First Christmas'.
"I don't want this going any further Bal, I'm not kissing you to sell this charade." just the thought of it made him shudder, he loved Bal as a friend, their sexual chemistry was zero.
"It's not too late for you." those had been Sam's parting words, only Dean had been too pigheaded to hear them, now with them echoing in his head he agrees.
"Traditionally Turkey is a Thanksgiving food but we can have one if you want, I have one dish I need to make Gabe but I was thinking the works you know so a turkey, stuffing, roast potatoes and glazed ham," answered Sam while finding the correct tab displaying a delicious looking ham joint, predictably Dean's eyes glazed over to match. "Oh and the best part pigs in blankets,"
"I do Sam, thank you, Gabriel's always had my back." Cas smiled feeling more than pleased he hadn't chosen a new book to read after finishing Hound of the Baskervilles, his eyes drawn to the bright yellow cover Cas picked up The Bees hoping he had a bookmark stashed in his locker.
Joining his angel Dean’s eyes were assaulted by all the glitter but with Cas looking so happy beside him Dean did his best to find some festive cheer, “I like the reindeer,” he said pointing at the nine wooden tree decorations.
"Yeah," he wanted to only that hadn't really been why he was had left work to come here. "No, um I mean yes but..."
Currently, it sat in front of them on the picnic bench, unopened. After his announcement Dean had taken Cas carefully by the elbow leading him outside to the benches of the cafeteria courtyard.
"Oh, got yourself a little suitor have we, Cas." chuckling the man got up from the floor, doing his best to conceal the paperweight he grabbed on his way up. Dean noticed as Cas reached out for his arm in warning, "I guess I can learn to sha-"
On meeting Inias he was glad to find a sweet polite boy obsessed with Disney and films, he and Henry were two peas in a pod. Sam, of course, was a hit, immediately befriended and asked to sit with them. Leaving Dean with Cas, after everything Dean would be a fool to try and keep his body from reacting. It was obvious he wasn't in charge anymore, having Cas' leg pushed against his own was more than proof of that.
"Cas, wait." shouted a freshman Dean thought was called Alfie, certain Sam was friendly with the kid. For whatever reason Dean felt a frisson up his spine, something was happening.
In Fact, he'd like some now as Cas strode into the lounge followed insistently by Gabriel who made an immediate beeline for his brother. God ten minutes wasn't that long of a seperation!
"Eww, come tell me what we need," urged Henry, Gabriel smiled to himself as he (regrettably) pulled away from Sam.
"Thank you, again." still refusing to look, Dean, watched until Benny had gone before turning to Cas and those blue eyes.
Oh, Sam's gay, but Dean didn't suddenly dislike women. Pulling his cell from his pocket Dean does an image search.
Smiling to himself, Dean made his way down to the center, "Need some company?" he asked finding Cas with tears in his eyes. Oh God, had he messed up or something, he was meant to cheering Cas up not causing him distress, good job Dean.
