“John!” Sherlock gasps. John freezes for just a second, realizes that he isn’t being reprimanded, and continues on. He laves the fresh bite with his tongue, then moves to the other side and mouths at the bond bite he placed there months ago. A small, very distant part of his mind notes that this is the first time he’s touched Sherlock’s neck since the day they bonded. “John, I swear if you don’t kiss me right now I’ll-“
The security guards rush in and pin Sherlock. A nurse comes with them, and though Sherlock is kicking with all his might, she jabs him with a needle and he goes limp. Seconds later, the world goes dark.
"I believe I'll find a nice flat for you and John while you're gone. I'm thinking somewhere central-I'll find something. I'll email you the details, if I find it before you get back I'll move you in."
Lestrade begins barking orders to his people about how to disable the bomb safely. He returns to Sherlock and John, telling them to move away so they're safe. Sherlock tries, he honestly does, but his stupid transport has apparently decided not to listen to him anymore, and his legs keep buckling no matter how many times he tries to stand.
"Yes, well done, you were actually right about something," Sherlock comments, his tone only a little mocking.
She smirks. "No, you're not. You're rejoicing on the inside. I'd make a sociopath joke, but the honest truth is that I'm rejoicing on the inside, too. He went back to his wife, and I'm just done with him now."
I begin pacing around anxiously. I know Mycroft has gotten out of the car too, and that Jim has moved to the side, watching me with anxious eyes, but I can't stop to assure them I'm okay.
He sees police tape and figures that he should probably go over there. Given his mate’s propensity for trouble, police tape seems like a good place to look for Sherlock.
Next, I pull out Sherlock's pins. I put them back in, smiling like a lunatic. I'm completely wrong, don't get even one right, but I am learning and that makes me proud. My father always said I wasn't smart enough to be a doctor, but here I am. I do it again, and get two right. "In your face, Dad," I say.
Sherlock fixed his position, then reaches into his pocket and pulls the ring he purchased out. "Gavin, from the moment I met you-"
"It's what I thought. My Father would throw me down the steps, hit me, punch me, kick me, belittle me, and I just thought I deserved it."
The next morning I tell Greg I am refusing to go with Sherlock up to his lab. After a lot of arguing, Mycroft agrees to take me to work with him. Jim decides he wants to come along too, which Mycroft also agreed to. At least one of our hosts is accommodating.
'Trust me.' The words ring in John's ears, and he decides to follow Sherlock's advice. He pulls back his fist and punches his mate in the face. "Oh! Are you okay?"
Lestrade takes that as his cue to leave, after ensuring that both Mrs. Hudson and John are fine. John is clearly agitated. He's morphed into a wolf and isn't letting anyone near his mate. He growls as Lestrade checks on Mrs. Hudson, but he doesn't move. "I'm fine," Sherlock promises as Lestrade's uncertain gaze moves to him. "John is too, he's just upset right now. He'll calm down soon."
Sherlock rolls over and rubs his sleep-filled eyes. "Why is your superior calling at six in the morning?"
"Thanks," Jim says, running down the hall screaming, "Yo Mycroft! John's missing, get your tongue out of Greg's mouth and come help us look for him!" Sebastian trails his energetic mate, smiling bemusedly at the brunette.
"She told me, one day during text," Sherlock says, "I thought I told you. Anyway, if Moriarty couldn't keep her safe, and he's the world's only Consulting Criminal, what hope do we have? He would've wanted to keep her alive, they were 'friends' as much as Moriarty can have friends. Yet she's on a concrete slab at Bart's. We're safe for now, but for how long?" he questions pessimistically. "How long, John? We know Moriarty wants to kill us. He strapped a bomb to you, he threatened to shoot us both...if Irene's dead, how much longer do we have left?"
"I want to be better," Sherlock explains in a rare moment of vulnerability. "I want to be a better Omega for you."
"Settle down, Myc," Mrs. Holmes cuts in before Mycroft can say anything else. "Sit down, boys, and eat breakfast. When do you need to leave?"
Then he stands up. "Mycroft, goodnight. Come along, John." He leads him down a flight of stairs, through a hall, and pushes open the fourth door to the right. "Welcome to my room."
Surprisingly, Sherlock tolerates Andy's ramblings without the slightest hint of complaint, occasionally asking a question about Soo Lin. Finally, he thanks Andy and they leave.
He walks to Mrs. Hudson, touching her cheek and reassuring her that she will be alright. Gasping, she nods to reassure him that she will be.
I frown, standing up. I walk around the couch, then sit back down. "Anyway, after that my Father kept finding things I didn't do right. I would get hit for the slightest thing being out of place, or not being done to his standards. I always thought that I was the reason why he hit me, so it kind of made sense to me."
Sherlock jumps up and grabs the book in response. They flip through it together, occasionally calling out names to each other. Blake, Landon, Jonathan, Arthur, Archie, and Reginald are all quickly vetoed. Amy, Victoria, Elizabeth, Georgia, Virginia, Susan, and Joy are soon to follow. After a few hours they come up with nothing they like, so they agree to set the books aside and look another day.
After 10 minutes of fruitless searching, John discovers the brick wall. More specifically, the brick wall that holds the yellow graffiti they're searching for. Taking a quick picture, he runs off to find his mate.
After an indiscriminate time, Sherlock straightens again to look at his brother. "You should go. Lestrade will be back soon, and he'll want our statements. Unless you want to meet him tonight, you should leave now. Go back to Baker Street, John and I will come whenever we're released."
"John? John? John, it's okay." I realize I'm starting to hyperventilate again. I also realize I'm upsetting Mycroft. I have to stop, otherwise he might hit me. I try holding my breath, but that doesn't help.
John swears and runs off again, though he takes a second to link their fingers together. He will not allow his Omega to go off without him again. After a moment, they both register the gunshot and John yanks Sherlock along behind him as he pours on the speed.
Sherlock sighs, but he follows John obediently. He climbs beneath the covers, but John can feel his anxiety leaking through the bond.
Another graffiti mark and dead body later, and John somehow found himself where he was now-fighting valiantly to stay awake on top of a stack of books. The books were stacked in their flat to the point that 221B looked like it should appear on the American TV show 'Hoarders' because Sherlock was hoping that the code fifteen and one related to books, the fifteenth page and the first word, and from there-well, John wasn't really sure.
"Excuse me a moment," Lestrade mumbles, ducking outside. He pulls his phone out of his pocket and begins to dial a number he memorized long ago, a number he stole off a phone when a PA came to his office to steal his case files. The phone rings, and to his utter amazement the person he is trying to reach actually picks up the phone himself.
"Mycroft wouldn't murder me," Sherlock says dismissively. "It's more likely he would hire someone else to do it, and you wouldn't be able to trace it back to him no matter what you did."
After a bit of thought, Sherlock selects the same room he was in before. It was comfortable, close to the kitchen for easy access to food, relatively easy to protect, and still smelled of him; all of which his Omega took to equate to safety.
"Alright Mummy that sounds-shhhh it's alright baby, no need to cry. Now you've got your brother crying...there is really no need to cry, you haven't even witnessed a murder scene yet-I'll call you later Mummy."
"Irene Adler. She has compromising photos of a certain member of notable reputation. It would be quite disastrous if she were to leak the photos as she has been threatening. Your job is to get the photos from her. She's very careful, doesn't have copies, anything she has is on a single cameraphone."
"Okay well I'll let you go. I know you have other people you need to call. I'm so excited to be a grandmother, and I can't wait to see my grandbabies!"
John morphed back into human, glancing up at the two Omegas who were watching them impassively. If you ever wanted to find a way to convince a bunch of military men to show off, bring Omegas that smelled like the ones before them. Gorgeous.
John was confused by it, so when they were alone he asked Sherlock. "Oh, it was a CD. Mycroft's guilty pleasure is dancing, he's really good at it, but I don't think he knew that I knew he enjoyed dancing. So I think he was just surprised."
John sighs. "Look, I know you're mad at me, but I didn't know what else to do. You were panicking and left me with no choice."
In the morning, Sherlock is called to a crime scene from Lestrade. He's in a mood when he gets up, and he's not at all ready to deal with Lestrade's team. Consequently he gets into a fight with Anderson the second he arrives and is kicked off the scene. He stalks off in a huff, walking home to try and calm himself down. John is...somewhere, he can't remember, but his Omega side is very angry by the absence of his mate, and the rest of him is angry at Anderson for being so stupid, and Sally for just standing there and not helping him, and Lestrade for kicking him off the scene when he was clearly at no more fault than Anderson was. If anyone deserves to be kicked off, it was Anderson for being a bloody idiot- why couldn't Lestrade see that?
"I can never understand why bonded people lack all control when it comes to sex," Mycroft remarks, and John can feel his face flame in response.
As soon as the taxi stops, Sherlock bolts from the taxi. Mrs. Hudson is on the stoop waiting for him, and he greets her joyously before turning to help Mycroft pull his mate from the car. He introduces John to Mrs. Hudson, though John’s eyes are glazed with morphine and Sherlock will be surprised if he remembers any of this later. Mrs. Hudson leads the way up to the flat, babbling on about how “There’s a second bedroom upstairs, as if you’ll be needing two bedrooms.”
Sherlock goes to get his tea from John, taking the mug from him and moves to kiss his mate. Mycroft moves faster, grabbing his brother's arm and throwing him back behind him, arm still latched around his brother's wrist, snarling at John.
"Anyway, we have to go look around. I believe I know this place, I've seen it before. Oh, this is wonderful! It's been so dull since...how long have I been bored John? It feels like an eternity!"
“No. Never. My parents tried to get me bonded off, but that didn’t work out too well. I knew how to scare people away, and used it to my advantage. No one likes my deductions.” He laughs. “Have you ever been intimate with someone?”
None of them answer. "Look, buddy," Jim replies, "we ran away. It's against the law, but we did it. We broke into ten different houses to steal so we could survive. If we tell you anything, the law sides with the Alphas. We tell you who hurt him, he's gonna get taken back and be hurt worse. We know that, we're not stupid."
The doctor takes Sherlock's blood to run some tests, takes Sherlock's vital signs, and then begins to perform an ultrasound. Sherlock wakes just as the transducer is placed on his abdomen.
I bite down the growl traveling up my throat in challenge to Sebastian smelling my mate. He is clearly a tracker, and if he knows where to find John that is helpful, I tell myself as I lope along beside Sebastian.
Sherlock nods and takes a deep breath, missing the door opening quietly behind him. Greg's eyes lock onto John's, and Greg feels his eyes widen.
"He's done what?" Mycroft's voice is full of rage, and it sends shivers up and down Lestrade's spine. Yup, that Big Brother bloke is one terrifying Alpha. "I'll be there immediately."
Mycroft looks like if he had more energy he would protest, so instead he nods and clicks off the computer.
John turns back to human and goes to Sherlock. "Are you okay? Did they hurt you?" The boy doesn't answer, but stops trying to scramble up the wall and throws his arms around John and doesn't let go. "Sherlock, did they hurt you?" John persists.
"Yes, please," Sherlock replies, making John stare at him. He's starting to think he likes Sherlock being pregnant, if it means he'll get thanked for doing things.
John gapes at him. "I'm not unfaithful! How dare you accuse me of such a thing! And what are you on about? We're not married!"
“You will try; it’s in your nature. But it’s in her nature to be a cheater, so it won’t work out. I wouldn’t expect a long-term happiness with her.”
Sherlock's hot gaze tells John he understands the implications of that. Sucking in a breath of shock, he moves forward so he's staring directly at John. His hand flies up and John flinches back. He doesn't realize the other Alpha is still standing behind him until he backs into him. "Don't touch me," John says to Sherlock.
It sounds like the Omega has everything planned out already, so John just says, "Yes sir. Goodbye, sir."
"Little girl would be fun. Cute, you know, do all the little dresses and stuff, but I think I'd be bad with the hair stuff. But I think I'd be better prepared to handle a boy."
I turn red and can't meet Mycroft's gaze anymore. "I thought, I mean, I just didn't want to tell him I'd never kissed anyone."
John takes this moment to tackle him from behind. His Alpha hormones are screaming at him to protect his mate at all costs, and John does so in the best way he knows how. He barks "Run!" to Sherlock, throwing all the force of his Alpha voice behind the command. Sherlock flees. Shots fire at his back, but Sherlock is faster. He slams into the doors, nearly breaking them down as he flies from the building.
“It’ll be fine, trust me.” Sherlock answers as he lights the candle and passes the needle through it. Once he is satisfied, he threads the needle. “Ready?” He doesn’t wait for an answer as he begins to sew.
Sherlock wakes up and groans. Everything hurts. He has tubes in his nose and his arms, so he's clearly in the hospital. Probably Bart's. His neck burns, but when he tries to touch it, he encounters a bandage.
As I turn to follow them inside, I realize Sherlock has ahold of my arm. "Hey, everything okay?" I question.
Mycroft sits behind his desk, steeples his fingers, and stares at me. He doesn't say anything, so I feel the need to speak.
"Mycroft!" The man in question is sitting with his phone in his hand, staring at it blankly. At his brother's shout, he met his gaze, though he still seemed dazed.
He is downstairs faster than I thought possible, bright eyes roving me. "I've missed you," I hear him whisper softly, shyly. "I'm going to smell you," he tells me, ducking in to sniff curiously at my neck. He steps back again, having satisfied his inner Alpha by assuring my safety. "Are you alright?"
"Mycroft doesn't like oranges," Sherlock pipes up. Before Lestrade can panic, he adds, "But I do!" Sherlock crosses over to the fridge and pulls out the pie and the cake. "Here's my contribution!" he exclaims, displaying the food proudly for Lestrade's perusal.
"Give me a minute," John calls back, bashing the stupid magazine against a side table. Before he gets the fire completely put out, several men dressed in black (what a cliche) come down the stairs, pull a gun, and shoot the fire alarm. John stares at them in shock, but their only response is to shove the gun at him and push him back into the parlor with Irene and Sherlock.
He jogs off to his house, gathering clothes he will need. As he's  putting clothes into his suitcase, someone pounds on his door. "It's open!"
"Oh, right," John says, a bit flabbergasted at the way this conversation has changed. He exits the room, gets rid of the bowl, and promptly sets off the fire alarm by lighting a magazine on fire and holding it under the smoke alarm, waving it around cheerfully.
John turns and jumps on Moriarty's legs, ensuring the man's legs break so he can't follow them. Then he turns and runs from the building too.
Sherlock's voice gets increasingly more desperate, begging for mercy for John and insisting he doesn't know the code as the American counts off to three. Just when John is certain he will be meeting his maker, Sherlock yells, "No, stop!" and turns toward the safe. He enters six numbers, and the soft click of the safe unlatching is heard in the tense silence of the room.
Greg hums in agreement. "Thing is, he's super attractive." Greg wisely says nothing. I think a bit longer. "How do you kiss a man?"
John comes up the stairs and walks into the flat. "What's going on?" His stare moves to the bloody bruised American, who Sherlock has wrestled into a chair and tied and gagged with duct tape as John was coming up the stairs. "What the h**l is happening?"
Sherlock knocks on the door and identifies himself as a young vicar who was attacked and mugged on the street. They are left in, and John takes the chance to ask the woman opening the door for some water. She leads him into the kitchen, and he quickly prepares a bowl of warm water and cloth for his mate's face. "He's through there," the woman calls, gesturing to a parlor.
"Yes, I can. We can have Mycroft's minions deliver the groceries, and experimental materials for me. I could keep an eye on you constantly and be sure you're safe."
Heading to the museum doesn't really seem to help. The young dorky Alpha, Andy, doesn't have an idea of what the code means, and spends most of the time talking about his Omega co-worker he had hoped to date named Soo Lin, who had recently quit. This frustrates John to no end.
"He's scared Lestrade is his mate. Feels a bit of something when he looks at him, especially when he saw him in person during the first case of ours together. He dreamed of him this morning after he left our flat the first time."
"I got cash out of the bank and went to France, same way as I did with the pregnancy test. Do you like it?"
John gently dumps the Omega onto the bed, then turns and literally bolts out the door like he's running a 400 meter for the Olympics. He pulls the door shut behind him, then grabs his gun and settles in front of the Omega's door. He will keep his Omega safe.
"John? Hey John?" I snap myself out of my reminiscing, looking at Greg curiously. Sherlock had sent me to work with him today, so he could set up our flat for me. We were bonding tonight, so he sent me with Greg to work so it could be a surprise for me, how the flat looked when it was set up. I was just trusting it would look nice, and praying there wouldn't be body parts on the counters right away.
Sorry if you've already read this one, it was brought to my attention that the publication date never updated for this chapter. Merry Christmas!
Approximately three hours and fifteen minutes after Sherlock first left his flat, he has his answer in his hands. "Pregnant," he whispers to himself in wonder. "I'm pregnant." He keeps whispering the words, hoping that if he whispers it more frequently to himself he will start to believe it. "I'm pregnant. I'm pregnant." His hands cradle his flat stomach as much as possible, curving around nothing. "Hello baby. I'm pregnant. Can you believe it? Now we've got to go home and tell your daddy. Oh my god. John. Does John want a baby? I mean, it doesn't really matter, seeing as how you're already here, but does he want to raise children, or will he make me give you up for adoption? Adoption might be better, I'm not really parent material, but for you I could learn." This quiet monologue keeps him busy for the entire trip back to England, and consequently makes other people shoot him weird looks and avoid him, which is even better.
In the meantime, Sherlock and John have taken a taxi to an area near Irene's residency. They climb out of the taxi and Sherlock straightens his clothes. "How do I look?"
All the fight and adrenaline rushes out of Sherlock at once, and he slumps to the ground. "Oh, Sherlock!" Mrs. Hudson screams. Mycroft comes running back in, still screaming at someone, and between Mrs. Hudson and him they manage to get Sherlock onto the couch. John crowds in close, whimpering as he noses at his mate.
"I think so, yes." We climb back into the car and head home. Once we get there, I go inside and bellow, "Sherlock!"
"Bless you," Mrs. Holmes says, taking a plate. She kisses him again, and sits down to enjoy the meal. "Please, sit," she orders her youngest and his bonded. Mycroft slides a bit, and all four of them climb on the bed together.
After dinner, Sherlock and I went into Mycroft's office with him and Greg to talk. We both wanted to be sure they knew they could come over any time, but that we wanted space as a newly-bonded couple.
"Sure." John takes the wallet and leans down a bit to brush his lips against Sherlock's hair. "Love you," he says.
John hustled out of Tesco's, carrying the groceries he and Sherlock would need for the rest of the week, as well as the pastries and tea for himself, his mate, and Dimmock.
He finds him lying on the ground groaning as Irene leans casually against a window. "John," she greets.
'Fine. The twins are beautiful. You'll come see them once you get that crime scene wrapped up, right? -SH'
"Been divorced for about two weeks now, I'm a free man!" Lestrade says, laughing. Sherlock stares at him for a moment before turning away- it's obvious to anyone with eyes that Lestrade is hurting worse than he is letting on, but he's trying to pretend he's unaffected so that people don't pity him. "Anyway, your dress is pretty, Molly. Is it new?"
'Wouldn't miss it. Case might take a while to wrap up, if not tonight then I'll come tomorrow after work. -SD'
The door flies open and Donovan walks in. She takes in the situation, Sherlock on one knee with a ring box in front of her boss, and backs out the door again, slamming it. They hear her yell, "Freak is proposing to Greg!"
By lunchtime, Mycroft has regained his color-though when Sherlock points this out Mycroft only grimaces and comments about "so am I back to my typical ginger freckly vampire look?". John thinks that maybe he and Sherlock can return home, though he makes Mycroft walk about the house for a bit to prove he'll be fine. Mycroft complies with a fair amount of eye rolling, so Sherlock is quite sure his brother has made a full recovery.
"In a few short days, we will spend your heat together. Realistically, I will be moving in with you as soon as we get back because my Alpha needs to be assured you're safe all the time." Sherlock rolls his eyes. "I know this is in no way what you want, but I'm trying to be considerate. I think we should set some limits on our relationship."
"You smell just like my son!" the woman exclaims tearfully, and just like that my legs unlock and carry me forward again.
A quick chat with my big brother lends some insight into John's behavior. If he thought I was experienced, I can hardly fault him for wanting to be experienced for me. I'm a bit upset he didn't ask me, but there's not much to be done about it now.
"John, I need you to concentrate," Sherlock demands. "The average human brain can only remember 64% of what it sees. I intend to maximize your visual memory and retrieve the paintings that way." He cradles John's head and begins spinning them in a slow circle.
That night is one of the coldest yet. They have warm clothes, newly stolen, but it's not enough to keep them warm. John lies there with a sinking feeling that if he does get to sleep, he won't wake up.
John starts crying too, he can't help it, he's too overwhelmed. This was more than he could ever dream of when his Alpha first spotted Sherlock Holmes across the bar in Afghanistan. He gets back up and pulls Sherlock into a kiss, their salty tears of joy mixing together on their lips. When they break apart, he whispers, "I love you."
“I was in surgery recently. But my mate’s apparently at this address, so-“ John lifts one shoulder in a half-shrug. The taxi driver pulls away without another question, though John can feel concerned eyes on him throughout the drive.
Sherlock ducks his head to hide his smile, but John sees it. "For a sniper, you're alright," Sherlock offers.
He freezes then, curling up as he realizes what he said. ‘Stupid, stupid! You just told him you love him after you refused him sex. And what do you mean you love him, you don’t trust him enough to have sex, yet you just handed him your heart? Really? How stupid of you! Caring is not an advantage!’
“And I’m really not put out that you didn’t nurture and care for me. As the stereotypical Alpha, I’m supposed to be able to protect you, yet you picked up a gun and shot down several Alphas to protect me. Neither of us are a stereotype, but I’m okay with that if you are.”
Sherlock gets done faster than John, and paces around the room anxiously. Appearing fed up, he shoves John's plate out of the way and climbs onto the table. "John," he whispers, fingers coming up to trace John's face. John leans forward to connect their mouths, intent on keeping it chaste. A soft gasp from Sherlock and his resolve is flying out the window. His tongue delves into Sherlock's mouth, tasting the lunch he had just eaten, the taste of decaf tea, and underneath it all, the uniquely-Sherlock taste. Sherlock groans beneath him, and John surges up, pressing him back onto the table. He climbs up a bit, settling on either side of his mate. Sherlock cants his hips desperately, gasping, "John, John, John, yessss!" John's hand is just traveling up Sherlock's abdomen, tracing the home of their children, when two sounds interrupt him-breaking glass and a clearing throat. The breaking glass can clearly be attributed to their plates, which are now shattered into pieces on the floor thanks to Sherlock.
Sherlock relaxes instantly, going limp in John's arms. "Mmm, yesss," he purrs. John smirks to himself. At least the boy is relaxed now, even if he will be a terror once he realizes he hasn't convinced John to come to bed with him.
Mycroft takes about two seconds to decide he doesn't want to get into this and simply shoots her a polite smile before he wanders off after his brother. Sherlock has made his way near the waiting room, and both brothers freeze and watch curiously as a doctor approaches a waiting family. A hushed conversation clearly reveals terrible news, as the family starts to cry. "Look at them!" Sherlock says. "Do you ever think there's something wrong with us?"
Now they were home, and it was obvious that someone had entered their house. “Sherlock, get behind me!” John ordered, Alpha growl creeping into his voice. Surprisingly, Sherlock follows his directions without complaint.
The boys head downstairs and say goodbye to Sherlock's family. Mycroft and Sherlock whisper for a moment together.
"I said hey," Sherlock corrects himself, smiling up at the man with a fake grin plastered on his face. Then he goes back to his microscope.
"I'm sorry," Sherlock says tearfully, crawling into John's lap, though he is much too large and lanky to fit. John doesn't complain. "I don't know what's wrong with me right now. I know you're right about being irrational, but the thought of you leaving is literally enough to make me want to vomit."
"Yeah, it's for a case," John explains, sounding tired. Then he too leaves the room, obviously looking for Sherlock.
He swings open an office door. The interior is significantly larger than I might have imagined anyone of his age to have. I can't tell if he decorated the interior or not-the room is detailed in the dark colors Mycroft seems to prefer, with no personal touches to denote its owner. But then again, Mycroft's house looks much the same way.
John turns around the corner to find Sherlock with his arms full of cooking supplies, trying to get a container of bleach onto his precarious pile. John grabs it before disaster can strike, grabs another bottle just in case, and then walks with his mate to the front. "You know Lestrade didn't mean to hurt your feelings, right?" John reassures as they climb into the taxi holding their groceries.
Sherlock tells John that he googled some more party games on his own, and found one he thinks he’d like to try. “Twenty Questions, John. That’s the name of it, but the idea is kind of stupid. You think of something and people have to guess it within twenty questions. My research suggests that some young people use the game to ask twenty questions about whatever they want.”
Against all odds, at least in John's mind, he and his Omega pack had survived. It didn't take long into their journey for them to discover John was a natural leader, so he co-led with Jim. If he was an alpha, John would be the pack beta, seeing as how a pack beta could be either alpha or omega. But since he wasn't dating Jim, and Jim (though leader of the pack) wasn't an alpha, terminology didn't matter.
That was a week ago. Since then, they had returned to London. Sherlock promptly ran into his room and squirreled away. Mycroft hadn't seen him since.
"No, she's not. Andy said that the teapots were her passion. The last one she did for a tea ceremony was over two days ago. Yet the opposite tea pot had clearly been soaked in tea more recently. Solution: she's alive and in hiding."
"No, that's not the point. Greg is my mate, so of course you didn't like kissing him-I mated him. He's mine, not yours!"
“Our new flat!” John stares at the screen for a few minutes, hums as he scrolls through the pictures, mumbles a bit in agreement, and dozes back off. Clearly John has a low tolerance to pain medications, seeing as how he’s going back to sleep. Then again, sleep is probably better for him right now, with how much pain he’s in, so Sherlock leaves him alone. Rather than bother John, he types out a long email to his brother to thank him and tell him that they are coming back to London. He tells of John’s getting shot, and asks his brother to please look into doctors for them. Mycroft emails back a list of doctors, and the brothers rocket correspondence through cyberspace for the rest of the flight. By the time the warning has come on to fasten their seatbelts, Sherlock and Mycroft have found a physician and physical therapist to work with John, and Sherlock has found no less than three new cases that, from the descriptions at least, look like they could be at least a six.
Inside the house, Sherlock goes into Mycroft's room. "Mycroft, aren't you coming out? Everyone's here already and-" he freezes as he looks at his brother, who is curled up in the fetal position groaning loudly. "Mycroft, what's wrong?"
"No," Sherlock answered, "but now we know it's definitely a code. We need to go to the museum next. There's a Chinese exhibit, possibly an artifacts employee would be able to help us."
Satisfied that his landlady will be alright, Sherlock turns his angry gaze back to the American on the floor. His face is murderous.
Sherlock and John head down to the New Scotland Yard to look over some case information. "I read your blog," Lestrade tells John as they stride through the Yard together. "I like the name of that first case, 'A Study in Pink.' Very aptly named. Of course, it's nice to read about Sherlock's thought process, too, since he won't actually tell me anything he figures out." This last bit is directed at Sherlock with a bit of an elbow thrown into his ribs as well. He ignores Lestrade.
"Don't be. It's for the best. We tried to reconcile, and she cheated on me again with the same PE teacher, so we just divorced. Good riddance."
"We got a call from Big Brother," Lestrade explains as he ran up to them. "Something about our bomber's newest victim. Who was it? What've you got?"
"My shirt hurts my skin." Sure enough, John can see Sherlock has a bit of a rash breaking out on his otherwise clear creamy skin.
The first couple of days aren't too bad, in John's opinion. Sherlock seems to be tolerating his presence, which is more than he has any right to ask for. The first night, when John finally got done with paperwork, Sherlock had babbled to him nonstop about his friends and learning poker. "I learned their tells, John. Murray crinkles his nose for a half second if he thinks his hand is good. Gregson flares his nostrils. Sebastian always darts his gaze to the left if he's got a bad hand, to the right if it's good. After that, it was easy to win. They played for boring things-food- so you can have it."
I'm so flabbergasted by this I begin running through my actions mentally. Nothing comes to mind that might require that statement.
It is as close as he will come to admitting his guilt, and even Lestrade seems to realize that, because his only response is a soft, "oh," and a strange look Sherlock's direction.
The door opens and Mycroft stands there glaring at me. I shiver. "Come inside," Mycroft tells me, tone clipped. He locks the door again, and pulls out a chair for me. "Sit." I sit, despite my instincts telling me to literally break down the door and run.
"Sherlock, do you need help?" John pauses in his care of Mrs. Hudson to question, ready to help his mate chuck the rude American out the window again if the need arose.
"Your hair is done in a new style, and you're wearing a new dress. Your lipstick is a brighter hue than you'd usually use, trying to compensate for the size of your lips, which are quite small. Also, you're wearing a push-up bra because you feel your breasts are small. Then there's the presents in the bag. They're all wrapped a slight bit haphazardly, slap-dash, except for one. One particular one is wrapped nicely. Conclusion, you're seeing your boyfriend after this."
"This one?" he demands, holding a pill bottle up so his brother can see. Mycroft grunts in agreement and Sherlock hands it off to John.
He crawls inside of the building without waiting for an answer. Sighing, John crawls in the grate behind him. Sherlock climbs out of the grate first and spots a young woman who can only be Soo Lin.
Jim, Mike, and Molly hold a conversation with their eyes alone. They all seem in agreement, "Yes," Jim says, speaking for the pack. "But we're leaving if anything bad happens."
Little bit of fluff, little bit of Mystrade, little bit of actual canon. Return to canon in the next chapter.
"A Perfect Match are people who are quite literally soulmates. They are perfectly suited to each other in every way. During a heat, an Omega and their Perfect Match would be driven to bond in a much more intense manner than usual. Occasionally though, the Alpha and Omega don't bond, for whatever reason. The Omega then goes into a state of severe depression, because in essence they have been denied by their soulmate. So your brother will be very easy to cure, so long as you know who his Perfect Match is and bring them here to bond Sherlock immediately."
Sherlock slumps in his seat. He doesn't move until John places breakfast in front of him. Then he picks up his fork. He proceeds to shovel half the meal in without pause, then finally declares, "I'm done," and drops his fork to his plate with an obnoxious clatter.
The woman looks confused, but she agrees to look over the graffiti. “The sign here, this is the number one.”
"Uncaring, never be a good Alpha," he shrugs, "all things I've been told over the years. I believed them too, John."
John hears the front door open and hears one of the Alphas lurch into the snow. "Go, Molly! Run! And keep my pack safe!"
Murray, Gregson, and Sebastian also teach Sherlock how to play “party games”, meaning they try to get him to talk about his life and his relationship with John. After they find out through Never Have I Ever that no one has EVER done anything that Sherlock has (“He says he once broke into a morgue and stole a skull. Just drops that in there like he expects we’ve all done that in our life. And he hasn’t drank, done drugs, slept with anybody, kissed anybody, like I swear, John, you can’t play Never Have I Ever with that kid, you’ll stay stone sober all night,” complained Murray later) they quickly give up. They attempt to teach Sherlock how to play Truth or Dare, but after Sherlock vehemently turns down a dare to kiss John, they decide to end that, too. Sebastian jokingly suggests that they teach Sherlock Seven Minutes in Heaven, which everyone quickly vetoes because they all value their lives too much to have to tell John that they did any kind of anything with his innocent Omega. After that, they go back to poker.
"The man wasn't murdered," Sherlock says, though from the way he stutters in the beginning it's clear he's not entirely unaffected by this crazy woman."The blow was to the back of the head, that's what killed him."
Sherlock doesn't answer for a moment. Still bent down by Mrs. Hudson, he raises his gaze to her shoulder. The sleeve of her top is ripped, and there is a scratch on her lovely face. A quick glance at the hand of the American holding the gun confirms that the man is wearing a ring and that it is bloody. Oh, he will pay. Sherlock will murder him slowly. He hurt Mrs. Hudson, he disturbed Sherlock's nest, and he threatened Sherlock's mate. His blood sings for retribution.
"No." The word falls out of Sherlock's mouth without warning, though he throws it out there confidently.
The first thing Sherlock does is to grab a knife off the mantel, currently next to Billy, stabbed through some papers, and cut into the box. He holds the phone up, recognizing it instantly as Ms. Adler's camera phone. She must be in incredible danger to gift it to him for Christmas, because that camera phone was her life. In fact, there is a good probability that she will be found dead before the day is out if he is being given this present. He pulls out his own phone to text Mycroft. 'Irene will probably end up dead before the day is out. -SH'
Greg clears his throat. “This isn’t your secretary, Mr. Holmes. This is Detective Inspector Lestrade. I’d say it’s nice to finally talk to you, but under the circumstances it’s really not.”
The man detaches his lips from Mycroft's with a growl, dragging in air, body heaving. "Beautiful," he intones in a deep sexy voice. "You're so gorgeous, Mycroft."
Mycroft shoots me a look. "John, I don't mean to offend you, but your soulmate is a male, you are quite clearly gay. Severely repressed, but still gay."
"No, come on Sherlock. What do you mean?" He won't answer me. In fact, for the rest of the day he won't talk to me, barring anything that needs to be communicated. I do notice that the table seems to move a little closer again. When Sherlock's not looking, I make a scruff in the floor with my foot.
"Caring is not an advantage. You better settle down right now, boy, or I will make your life miserable. No Alpha is going to want a nasty, condescending little b***h like you." Sherlock burst into tears, running to Mycroft for comfort. Siger turned to his oldest son. "And you! Why isn't supper made?"
”You really shouldn’t steal things,” John reprimands, though his voice lacks heat, “and you shouldn’t break into your brother’s house, either.”
"You seem fine with your own pack, and you seem to have accepted Greg easily. H**l, you've even accepted Mycroft! Mycroft! But me? You can't let me touch you without shuddering or tensing or some combination of the two!"
There is a sleek black car waiting once John's helicopter comes in. The tall Omega man who John recalls to be Sherlock's brother leans against the car propped by an umbrella.
Greg tackles him to the ground, smearing snow in Jim's face. Sebastian attacks, launching himself at Greg and hurling snowballs at him. Mycroft jumps into the fray, and is quickly joined by Mike and Molly. John hits me in the face with a snowball, and suddenly all decorum is lost as the Holmes family holds their first snowball fight ever.
"Sorry, but you aren't getting a choice. Basic biology demands we stay together for at least the next week to cement our bond. Plus, you'll have a mini-heat we'll have to go through. Didn't they teach you that in school?"
"I suppose for all intents and purposes I was straight. I liked to think about men, but didn’t act on it. That’s why I said earlier I knew I was gay, although I acted like I was straight."
Sherlock shoots Lestrade a look. "It was my text alert," he clarifies. "Excuse me, I need to take this."
The tenth such house had no indication on the outside of exactly how wrong this robbery would go. In fact, it seemed at first to be going quite well. Jim took down the alarms within thirty seconds, a new personal record, and they quickly split up all over the house.
Sherlock leaps away from the table excitedly, grabbing his Belstaff and pulling it on. "C'mon, John," he calls impatiently over his shoulder as he heads to the front door. John grabs the cards for Lestrade and Donovan, tucking them carefully into his pocket before rushing out the door after his mate.
"He received a phone call he said he couldn't ignore. We're not sure who from. He paused a crucial meeting and took the call. I presumed it was something about you."
“I’ll text Big Brother.” After a moment, Lestrade has his answer. “221B Baker Street. Donovan, stay with John, I’m going to flag a taxi. You can take my cruiser. And so help you if you call Sherlock a freak one more time.”
"Sherlock, who else would I love if not for you? You encourage me in my dream to be a doctor, you take care of me, you help me be strong. Who else would you have me love, if not for you?" He shakes his head. "Never doubt that my words are not being said out of obligation. I love you, Sherlock Holmes. I love your smile and your eyes and your curls. I love that you're taller than me, it makes me feel protected. I love your brilliant mind. I even love your experiments, your body parts in the fridge, and your haphazard way of cleaning. I love you, my mate, my Alpha, my Sherlock, with every fiber of my being."
Sherlock huffs and whirls around, grabbing supplies off the shelf and tossing them at John before mumbling, "I'm going to get the banoffee pie supplies," as he walks off.
Sherlock offers his hand, oozing charm. "Mrs. Watson, my pleasure. I can see John gets his good looks from you," he says as he kisses her hand.
'That's strange,' John thinks. It's not until he finds the bag of clothes, warm winter clothes, all nicely folded that he becomes truly alarmed. He pulls out the shirt on top and holds it up, moving over to the mirror. It would fit perfectly. As John deftly refolds the shirt, his fingers brush over a piece of metal. John grabs it. A metal tracker gleams from between his trembling fingers.
"Dr. Watson? I think the heat is over, may I please come out?" John unlocks his stiff joints and opens the door. Sherlock staggers out, looking pale and sickly.
John smiles at his young mate, trying to put him at ease. He makes a show of laying on top of his good hand, knowing the boy will realize this means John won’t lunge for him and hit him. Sherlock finally climbs onto the bed, though he curls into a small ball on the opposite end. His knees are touching his chest and both arms are around his knees. His aquamarine eyes are the only part of his face John can see. Belatedly, he realizes the ball of boy is trembling.
"I will," John promises. The click of the door a moment later signals Sherlock's exit, and John slips back out into Mycroft's bedroom, pulling a chair close to keep a wary eye on his patient.
"Well, traditionally the person is someone closest to you, but Mycroft is my only male friend, and he's the uncle so he can't be godfather too. So I was going to ask Sebastian."
"I already know things you want to talk about. Your family. Your brother is close to you, but you don't approve of him-possibly because of his alcoholism, more likely because he recently left his wife. I know you're not close to your parents, but not because you were abused by them. I know you would consider yourself to be a "good" Alpha, which I would agree with based on your dealings with me in heat. So as you can see, there's no need to talk, because I already know most of the important things about you."
"What?" Sherlock still looks cool and collected, but John can tell because of their bond that he has no idea what she is asking about.
"No. Just...different spots." I think for a moment, trying to adjust positions mentally. "Jim, pull that chair over by Sherlock. Sit there. Greg, sit on the chair by Mycroft. Mike, sit by me."
"Clearly." Sherlock's gaze shoots her up and down, deducing her, though John can't tell what he sees. At one point, Sherlock's gaze swings over to him, and John stares back at him, confused and utterly out of his depth. Sherlock's gaze swings back to Irene.
"I love you too," John answers. He stands and pulls Sherlock to his feet too so they can kiss languidly for a moment. All too soon Sherlock is pulling away for a yawn that nearly cracks his jaw.
He surges forward at the end of his beautiful speech, closing the small gap between us to kiss me. I yank him on top of me and kiss him passionately. He responds with equal fervor.
Meanwhile, Sherlock didn't want an Alpha because he had learned that Alphas were vicious people who would kill anyone you held dear. It was a deeply-rooted fear of his that any child he had would be abused or murdered. No, Sherlock Holmes would never have an Alpha- he had a Mycroft and that was almost the same thing, but far less threatening.
John looked where Jim was looking. A tall alpha male with black riotous curls was looking at something lying on the ground. It was nothing impressive.
Sherlock doesn't answer, and the two men lapse into silence again. Much later that night, Sherlock finally gets the answer they are looking for, posting it online for their bomber to read. The game is on.
John begins listing: "Did you want to hold hands? Do you want to kiss? Do you mind PDA, or are you a keep-it-behind-closed-doors person? Did you want to have sex outside of your heat? Did you want to share the same bed?"
John spares no thought to the crazy lady who just fell out a window. Instead, he pulls out his phone and dials Mycroft.
"Thanks, Freak. I appreciate that." She smiles to let him know she didn't mean that statement offensively, and then swings her door open, allowing the young Omega to exit.
He turns to Sherlock then, sniffing him curiously. 'Is he bleeding, is he hurt, is he afraid of me now?' He whimpers softly at that thought.
“I’m a Consulting Detective. When the police are out of their depth, which is always, they consult me. Why did you become a doctor?”
As Mycroft banters inanely with Sherlock over which of them upsets Mummy more, his eyes light upon the graying Detective Inspector stalking toward them with purpose. Even from this distance, the man’s chocolate eyes hold Mycroft’s own. There are precious few Alphas that can actually reduce Mycroft Holmes to feeling like an Omega, a scant amount that make him want to promise them the free world. Mycroft knows instantly that Detective Inspector Lestrade is one of the few, and that makes him dangerous. This feeling, combined with the general warmth typically associated with the Alpha who helped Sherlock, was mixing together to be disastrous. Mycroft felt it, and he knew he had to leave. Immediately, before he did something stupid he would regret.
"Oh." The two mates glance at each other and burst into giggles. When John finally gets himself under control again, he asks, "What are we doing here?" Seeing Sherlock about to give a sarcastic answer, he says, "No, seriously, what? Here to see the Queen?"
"It won't fly. It will NEVER fly," Mycroft responds, tone oozing barely-contained fury. "The terrorist cells know that we know about the bomb. Just earlier today I was contacted with a taunting text from a friend of yours."
They are quiet the entire ride home, but the second they clear the doorway Sherlock comes alive. "Catch me if you can, John" he calls over his shoulder as he races up the stairs. He slams the door the moment before John can shove his way inside, so John is forced to pull it open and slam it again. He prays Mrs. Hudson is out for the evening.
Sherlock nods. "How will it fly?" He barrels on without a pause for Mycroft to answer. "Unmanned aircraft, hardly new," he answers, a hint of frustration with himself sneaking into his voice.
For some idiotic reason, John has decided to interrupt their baby planning with a party. He tells Sherlock on the day before Christmas Eve that they will be hosting a party Christmas Day. Sherlock is in the middle of making a passionate argument against having people disturbing his nest (though they both know he's protesting for the sake of it, really) when he interrupts himself with a startled "oh!"
"No thanks." He leaves, the sweet smell of a Omega following him. Something about that really bothers John, though it takes a minute to realize why. An Omega that smelled that good-he's going into heat. Into heat right now, in a foreign country that doesn't have good relations with the English. At best, the boy will be raped, at worst, murdered. John bolts out the door of the bar, following the Omega into the darkness.
"Perhaps," then his smile fades, "I just want the chance to bring them into the world," he remarks, hand curling protectively around his belly. "I could die right after that and die happy, knowing that they were here."
"I'm just saying, it's all fine." He can feel Sherlock's embarrassment through their bond and is trying to reassure him.
"No!" John gasps. The trauma that his death would cause on his mate is unthinkable. His mate would regress and lose all he had gained after the death of his abusive father. With only this thought in mind, he launches himself, chair and all, at the man with the gun.
Mycroft drapes himself around his brother for just a moment, arranging himself carefully around John. "I was so afraid, Brother Mine," he confesses into Sherlock's hair.
“I found her phone information. It has a GPS. We can track her.” Thus saying, Sherlock turns on John’s laptop and enters in the information. “Where is it, where is it, where is it?” he mutters frantically as he paces, synchronous with the loading circle on screen.
"Yes." John levels a look at him. "I am!" Sherlock insists. "I've got a couple small bruises," he holds up his arm for John's perusal, "but otherwise there's nothing wrong."
"Is that what you want?" Sherlock asks, suddenly tense, bolting up from the table so he can meet John's eyes.
Sherlock throws himself next to me, which makes me jump. A quick glance at him makes me realize he's not attacking, he's pouting.
John inhales, trying to focus on drinking slowly. As soon as he catches a whiff of the delicious Omega smell from earlier, he quickly changes his mind, abandoning his drink to swivel on his stool and hunt the Omega.
‘Sure.’ John types back. “Hey Sherlock, Lestrade wants out statements about what happened last night.”
Sebastian does too. "It was a joke, honey. Sorry to have offended you. I'll talk to you, next time."
"Jim, hello," Molly calls as a short black-haired man enters into the lab. "This is Sherlock and his mate John. Jim's in the IT department. Office romance," she explains, chuckling nervously.
"I can feel your guilt from here. It's annoying and it's disturbing my quiet. It wasn't your fault, I don't blame you and neither does John, so stop blaming yourself and move on to coddling me now."
The trauma in his mate’s tone causes John to growl loudly and ferociously. He can feel his body trembling as it desires to turn into a wolf and force the intruders out, but he restrains, knowing he will only injure himself worse if he morphs now.
Mycroft sighs, peaceful mood completely vanished. Honestly, he should get one bloody day off. "I'll be right there," he promises.
"Sebastian taught me how to shoot. I thought it would be easier but it wasn't. He says I did good but I think he's lying. By omission though, because he didn't look left. Either that, or he believes it, which may mean he needs glasses. Shooting your guns are different than the little pistol Mycroft taught me to use, but pistols and the like are more practical in London."
"The violin. It helps me think. Sometimes I don't talk for days on end. Would that bother you? Potential flatmates should know the worst about each other."
Sherlock falls silent moodily, glaring at the wall because he doesn't want to look at John. To look at John is to acknowledge the man's new place in his life, and he certainly won't be doing that.
"Drugged him. Aphrodisiac. Won't kill him, don't worry. He'll be fine in a few hours. In the meantime, well, I'm sure you can find something to do." The man winks at John and saunters off.
John, unsurprisingly, was more concerned about his boyfriend then the crazy criminal. "Sherlock, are you okay?"
"Yeah. Listen, we're heading into the countryside today. Young Omega kid got lost. You remember the one that watched us train last week? Kid went missing the same day; brother only reported him missing today. Well-to-do family though, so everyone is panicking."
John watches his best friends' faces carefully. "Do you think the stories are true? Is there really an Alpha out there that can love us in spite of this?" He gestures around the fire vaguely.
The man bites Mycroft's neck where their bond is located, and Mycroft's shout is loud enough to wake him. His last dream-vision is that of Gregory Lestrade staring down at him lovingly.
Perhaps he went to Greg. The two of them seem to have become good friends lately, so maybe he's there.
A quick glance around makes me think he's not coming back. The brain has been left on the table, and I'm interested to learn. Once upon a time, a happier time, I wanted to be a Doctor. It can't hurt to learn, right?
Mycroft's fist moves faster than I can see, slamming into my father's face and leaving bright red blood in its place. Everyone gasps, my Mother shudders. "Don't you ever hurt my boy again."
His words halt everything- my anger, my sadness, everything. "How can you possibly think that after what I just told you?"
"It's okay, John," Jim soothes. "Just keeping warm." Despite his protests, John curls into Jim. "You're freezing, John."
"Yes, unless you are opposed. Then I was thinking perhaps Donovan could have the role of godmother."
"Do you know the problem with a disguise, Mr. Holmes? No matter how hard you try, it's always a self-portrait." She leans forward, one arm across her chest as she stares at Sherlock. "Somebody loves you. If I had to punch you, I'd avoid your nose and teeth too." She shoots a knowing, predatory look at John, and he snaps.
Sherlock watches this, panicking as he watches the soldier he just met rip into the other Alphas. 'Run!' His brain orders, so he takes off down the alley as fast as he can.
Lestrade drives home without event and parks his cruiser in the driveway. There is a strange car which he parks behind. In hindsight, he should’ve been suspicious right then and there, but he’s exhausted. He wants to go home and be with someone who loves him. He unlocks the door and steps inside.
"When I was growing up, my Father liked to drink a lot. He often got angry when he was drunk, and he was drunk all the time. When I was young, like newborn to four age, my Mother was able to either distract my Father from me, or to keep me quiet so he basically forgot I was there. It worked out pretty well."
"I refuse to rely on your brother for everything. We can get groceries ourselves. Besides, it's not right to make your brother get our groceries for us."
"Awake, alert, and oriented to time, place, and person," John's doctor mind fills in helpfully. No mental damage, at least at first glance.
Sherlock has just won yet another game of poker, much to the feigned chargin of John’s Army mates, when he hears alarms ringing. “What is that?”
She texted him a lot, which was awkward because she had made her personalized text alert to be that of a woman receiving...pleasure. He didn't like it. At all. Sherlock contemplated the idea that if he didn't text her back it would make her stop. It didn't. She texted him several times a day, and he found himself desperately wishing that he hadn't deleted how to change text tones from his Mind Palace, because once his children came he didn't want to have to discuss why Daddy's phone sounded so strange, or worse yet, why Daddy was getting texts from a Dominatrix in the first place.
"I've learned not to trust her," the man smirks. "Archer, on the count of three, shoot Dr. Watson in the head."
Watching the troops was boring. They were a well-oiled machine, yes, but if Sherlock was truly interested in seeing that he'd watch a military movie.
"Mrs. Hudson's been attacked by an American, I'm restoring balance to the universe," Sherlock responds coolly from his position on his chair, where he has the gun pointed at the American and holds the phone to his ear. On the inside, he is sending John feelings of joy and happiness at seeing him, and concern over Mrs. Hudson, hoping he interprets them correctly. Bless John, he does.
Sherlock wrinkles his brow in confusion. John is...he stares at him, deducing, and lights upon the answer a moment later. Jealous. John is jealous. He wants Sherlock to himself, and Sherlock is intended to oblige him because he doesn't like the naked lady very much.
It's eleven o'clock and John is just finishing his first beer. He's been out for a few hours at this point, but drinking slowly because he knows he's a lightweight. His friends are either very drunk or on their way there.
"He's the socially awkward one," Jim tells his soulmate. He calls for his pack, who both come running.
“No. No way. I didn’t find my Perfect Match just to lose him to a bunch of Afghans attacking. I’m going back. ”
To John's shock, the man doesn't even bat an eye when Sherlock makes his request. He requests to be shown the bedroom, and immediately begins sketching on the walls. "We will lock up before we leave," the man assures him as a river begins to take place under his skilled fingers. "Mr. Holmes demanded it."
"Yeah buddy, you can go to sleep." Mycroft is out within the next sixty seconds, though he's still curled in the fetal position, his mouth is still twisted in pain, and every once in a while his muscles seize tighter before they relax again.
Sherlock crawls in, then pats his leg. "Coming, John?" It feels indecent sitting on my soulmate's lap in front of my mother, but I don't have a choice. I crawl in and am instantly yanked close by Sherlock. I blush profusely. I feel his chest rumble and realize he's enjoying my discomfort.
I pull my Omega close, and surprisingly he allows it. He goes boneless the second I curl him around me, my scent soothing him. We lie there on the snowy ground together, and I whisper "I love you, John."
John drifts off immediately after. Sherlock stays awake fretting for a bit longer, but eventually he too succumbs to sleep.
After that, it all becomes a bit of a blur for Sherlock-which is exceptionally annoying to him, because he can't remember every exact detail on what John likes, and what he himself enjoys. There are two moments, however, that stand out with clarity: the feeling of John sinking his teeth into Sherlock's neck to renew their bond, and Sherlock's own teeth sinking into John's neck -marking this lovely military man as his. Sherlock's Omega side, which he so often ignored, crept out in this moment, smug in the claiming of a gorgeous, protective Alpha like John.
John hardly even looks at it. "How are you doing? I mean, you just got out of the hospital, were recently bonded, and now you found out your father is dead, and was murdered by your mother. How are you holding up?"
Meanwhile, Sherlock and John have made food. Sherlock heated tomato soup while John made grilled cheese and tomato sandwiches.
Greg pulls away from me with a gasp. I'm feeling terrible now-should I tell him I didn't like the kiss? Is it leading him on if I don't? Have I lost one of my only friends for a bit of experimentation?
Sherlock exits the plane, dragging John along behind him, to see that Mycroft and Anthea are both lounging against one of Mycroft’s black town cars waiting for them. Mycroft, or rather Anthea under Mycroft’s direction, has the backseat set up with several comfortable pillows in an effort to make John more comfortable. Mycroft sits up front with his driver for once, and Sherlock decides to flag down a taxi for him and Anthea to give John the most room possible to stretch out and be comfortable. After all, he may be a sociopath, but even he isn’t heartless enough to leave his mate in pain if he doesn’t have to.
"You too, Mycroft," they call. The two men link hands and travel up the path, climbing in Mycroft's car to take them back to Baker Street.
"I could happily murder your father and not lose any sleep tonight," Jim tells me. "I'm glad your mom was there to keep you safe. Mine wasn't. You're not alone, and you're stronger than you know. Your Alpha is right about that part," he tells me. He leaves then, and Sherlock and I are left alone.
"Mmm, good. Glad he's carrying on life as usual. Caring is not an advantage." Seeming placated, Sherlock collapses back onto the bed. "Get these tubes out of me, then go away."
“We?” John repeats. “Sherlock, I can-“ He means to tell the boy no, intends to tell his mate that he has every intention of letting this next dose of pain pills take effect and knock him out for the night, but the boy wants to go to a restaurant, of all things, and he looks so happy that John just can’t tell him no. “I can get changed,” John finishes. “We can go eat as soon as I get changed.”
The hours pass, though for Sherlock they drag, because his heart yearns to be upstairs with his mate watching over his brother, and instead he is socializing. Finally they have had the requisite bonfire, and Mummy leaves for the night. Lestrade exits soon after because he has work in the morning, and Anthea leaves too after helping Sherlock clean up. "Call me if he gets worse," she requests, and Sherlock agrees.
John and Sherlock share a glance and both realize that if the party gets to be too much they can have a built-in excuse to hide if they have it after the twins are born. "After," they both say simultaneously.
They get into the elevator and go down to the first floor. Sherlock feels trapped; the goal was to leave while John's getting the food, but now he can't. What to do, what to do?
John hears Sherlock babbling, but nothing is actually making sense anymore. The only words bouncing around in his brain right now are 'I'm pregnant.' He's going to be a father? Really? "So do you want a boy or girl?" John cuts Sherlock off to ask.
Sherlock glances around for a minute, checking for the location of the others. Seeing his mother and Lestrade down one of the paths in Mycroft's ginormous garden, admiring the various flowers, he tells her the truth. "He accidentally overdosed on heat suppressants. He took nine times the recommended amount."
Sherlock moves his arm so John can see. "Barely noticeable. You wouldn't see them unless you were looking for them."
"I would have you on this table until you begged for mercy twice," Irene tells him in response, with a flirtatious smirk at John since she's flirting with his Omega.
John pulls open the door to the flat and is shocked to find one of the same men that had taken them to Buckingham Palace. "Hello," he greets politely, though internally he deflates at the knowledge that he and Sherlock will not be able to enjoy their alone time. "Come to take us away again?"
"Ready to go?" John asks once they've wrapped Sherlock's desserts. They dash out the door, flagging down a taxi. How Sherlock manages to flag down a taxi with both hands full John will never understand, but he is suitably impressed all the same. The three men climb into the back seat, and after an awkward moment of rearranging limbs and food, Sherlock rattles off an address and they are shooting off toward Mycroft's house.
"Rule two," Jim responds, "we're only going to steal from rich Alphas. They have materials to spare. Otherwise we don't touch it."
"Lay off, Mycroft," Sherlock responds as he stands and tugs his shirt, trying to remove the wrinkles.
John wakes abruptly to a loud shout. Fumbling beneath his pillow for his gun, his eyes search wildly for the threat. After a moment, he realizes that- 1.) he has fallen asleep on the couch, so his gun is not beneath his pillow, and 2.) they are not being attacked by Moriarty or his minions, Sherlock was shouting at Mycroft and has his arm wrapped around his wrist. Mycroft looks embarrassed, Sherlock looks confused and scared.
“He’s my Perfect Match,” John answers, wanting this arrogant man to know that he is very much in love with Sherlock.
“No kidding! Is he okay? Your creepy Big Brother didn’t mention anything about that!” Sherlock frowns in confusion.
We all look around awkwardly, trying to not get involved in the pack drama playing out in front of us.
Out in the main corridor, right by the entrance, Greg is trying to soothe an Omega woman. My legs grind to a halt, watching interestedly.  "Here, ma'am, if you'll just follow me into here-"
"Whoever came home must have left in a hurry," Molly answered. "The groceries are all still in bags. And it's all canned stuff."
Lestrade returns then with a taxi and cautiously helps John into it. He climbs in after him and the two sit in silence until the taxi arrives at 221B.
"John?" Sherlock gasps. "Are you alright? Are you hurt?" His fingers begin probing Johns side for non-existent wounds. John licks him from chin to forehead, overjoyed at the fact that his mate isn't cowering away from him.
Mycroft instantly puts it to his lips and begins drinking the broth. "Mmmm, this is good," he comments, overjoyed with the discovery. "I shall write a note to thank the Detective Inspector at my soonest convenience."
A trip to the drugstore later, Sherlock has now exited with a pregnancy test burrowed down in a bag, beneath chips, chocolate, and milk, which had all sounded good as he was waiting in line. He gulps the milk without finesse and settled down on the park bench, eating chips as he waits for the urge to find a bathroom to hit.
“If you’ll excuse me, I need to take John and Sherlock’s statements from that case yesterday. Please see yourself out.” Lestrade turns to Sherlock and John. “Hey guys, give me a few minutes here to pull up the information about the case and I’ll be ready.” As his wife sees herself out, he begins typing at the computer. “You were right, you know, Sherlock. Not really a surprise is it? You normally are.” He laughs humorlessly. Then he straightens, and types at the computer again. “You have got to be kidding me! Sorry guys, someone’s locking me out of the case information. Give me a few minutes…”
"Sit down!" John orders in his Captain voice. Sherlock's eyes widen and he slides back into his seat. "Sorry," John says, realizing he's scared the boy. "I just don't want you to fall."
Meanwhile, outside of the tunnels, Dimmock is trying his best to get in. They've just prepared for a hostage situation when they nearly are tackled by a man who flies out. "Help us! There's a wolf in there! He's killing people, he's already killed my boss!"
"Yes, well, I had to throw the Americans off my trail. Thanks for tossing them out the window, by the way," she says, pinning Sherlock with her gaze.
He waits a moment or two for John to answer, knowing full-well that John is asleep in the bedroom. When he doesn't answer, Sherlock leaves a note, then he sneaks out.
"Give me your book." Mycroft handed it over reluctantly, only to watch in agony as the book was tossed into the roaring fire. "Nothing is more important than your household, Mycroft. Keep it in line, then do other things." He raised his hand to his son's face, and Mycroft flinched away. This angered Siger, so he punched his eldest son after yanking the youngest out of his arms. Mycroft fell, directly into the flames. Then he walked out. Sherlock ran over to Mycroft the second it was safe, sobbing incoherently, but the damage to both boys was already done, and couldn't be washed away with tears.
Mycroft wakes with his breath in his throat. His body shakes as his lungs heave for air. Once he manages to slow his breathing, he stumbles to the bathroom.
Mycroft pushes his brother off him with a look of disgust. "I was going to have him look at a case for me, but that can wait," Mycroft tells John, pushing Sherlock off him as his younger brother lunges for him yet again. "I'll come back later."
"Obvious, isn't it?" At John's blank look, he continues on. "The way you hold your hands-that's the way a surgeon holds his hands. You've got a stitch from sutures here-" the boy invades John's space to pluck it off his sleeve "and the coffee stain on your shirt which you didn't even notice is light enough that you can only be a surgeon from the army hospital."
Unfortunately for Sherlock and fortunately for John, the two of them have a dry spell of cases after the first one. There are some boring ones, which cause Sherlock to start sending waves of anger and boredom over their bond. He rants to Greg about the importance of not calling him for unimportant cases, abandoning at least ten different crime scenes after loudly abusing everyone in the nearby vicinity, ranging from the tearful family of the victims to the police themselves.
"Sherlock Holmes! The world's only consulting detective! He's a genius, they say he can just look at a person and know their whole life story, and he's proven himself indispensable to the police at age seventeen!"
He tiptoes upstairs quietly, knocking on the door. At John's answer, he cracks the door and wrinkles his nose. "It smells. Mycroft's a lot sicker, then?"
"No, we can't," interjects John. "Our witness is dead, we have a code and two graffiti marks we have no prayer of defining on our own, and we broke into a museum. There is absolutely nothing you or Mycroft can do to help us catch the killer."
"The army has a special camaraderie, forged from almost dying multiple times. We share everything and protect each other. If anyone wants to hurt him, they're gonna have to get through me and my entire platoon."
Vaguely I hear our front door. Gregory is home. He walks into the room. Before I can go over to him, I hear the leader snap, "Mike, Molly, we're leaving now!" I instantly deduce his thought process and leap in front of the door before they can leave.
John walks the boy over to the table, looping his arm around Sherlock's to support him in case he falls. When they get close, he loops his ankle around the chair and pulls it out. "Sit. What do you like to eat?"
"How do you do, Mrs. Watson? My name is Mycroft Holmes, I am the Pack Alpha over your son at the moment. May I introduce my beloved Omega, Gregory Lestrade, and my younger brother, and your son's Alpha, Sherlock Holmes?"
"No," he mumbles, "Don't want you to touch me. Just John." Having said his piece, he nuzzles into John's neck, still shaking a bit.
"I've got to get back," Lestrade tells Sherlock, "but you've got my number, don't be afraid to use it."
"John? You're with us. It's okay. We found your soulmate, so we all moved in," Molly answers. The response, though disjointed, is enough to remind me of what happened. I try to move, but it shoots horrific pain through my body. Has my soulmate hurt me already?
Mycroft gets into his car, holds the door for Sherlock and John to scramble in behind him, and doesn't speak to either of them for the rest of the journey to Holmes Manor.
We reconvene by the front gate as I ordered. Everyone is already gathered, and John is not in their midst.
"I'll get stoned," Mycroft replies, "which is not exactly the response I'm going for. I'm not attractive, you know. If you joined me, people would at least have something nice to look at."
Sherlock asks me about the time I was up here labeling, and I confess my desire to be a doctor. After that, he quizzes me on different body parts. "What's this, John?" He barks. "It's the only piece of anatomy that matters!" When I correctly identify it, he answers with "Mmm, yes, but I lied to you. This isn't the part that matters. The only thing a professor will care about is this. What is this?" and so on.
The resulting rush of enthusiasm startles John, who's only felt this level in regard to cases before. Sherlock practically bounces to his feet, digging out the game. In a few moments it becomes clear why Sherlock is so happy- Mycroft is quite terrible at this game. "I give up! " he exclaims after trying ten times for the 'water in the knee' piece.
"I kissed Greg!" John's exclamation sends me spiraling into the walls of my Mind Palace. I have to think about how to respond to this. A part of me is furious, but I ignore that. John needs a well-thought out response, so as not to scare him away. I vaguely register he's left, so I set off to find Mycroft.
Sherlock joins them a moment later, carefully put back together. There is a rather large mark from John biting him on his neck, and he quickly fastens his scarf overtop it. John growls low in his throat at the idea of his mark not being able to be seen, and Sherlock kisses him gently to placate him.
"Hey," John says, grabbing Sherlock's arm and spinning him toward him. "I love you, in spite of the 'bit not good.'"
John is content to just stay back and watch his mate for a while, knowing that he will be filled in on the information Sherlock’s mind is detailing rapid-fire for him. Sherlock does his head-bobbing thing for a while, ducks outside to stare over a balcony- John does follow him for that, given his history with rooftops and threatening to jump off-then comes back inside.
Sherlock vanishes for a few moments, then reappears. "Here's some clothes from the attic. Hopefully they fit."
It's a day they both recall like it was yesterday. Siger Holmes was on the rampage yet again. His youngest son was causing trouble in school, and had been expelled from the second school this year. As he walked through the door, he had expected to find his wife waiting for him, his oldest son making dinner, and his youngest waiting apologetically with a wonderful explanation as to why he'd gotten expelled yet again.
Sherlock doesn't answer him, but every time John goes to leave the flat his way is suspiciously blocked. "Sherlock, we can't stay inside the flat forever," he comments reasonably.
The next time John speaks he doesn't stutter, which I'm glad for because it means he's growing warm. "So you're not upset I kissed Greg?"
"Shut up, trying to think," Jim answers, scratching the list. "Anyway, I'll go beg some money today, see if I can get enough for another one."
At the crime scene, they discover a woman who has been murdered and sliced completely open. Sherlock takes one look at the body and runs away. "Sherlock?" John calls after him in concern. The entire forensics team watches in shock as Sherlock vomits all over the sidewalk.
"Mycroft is the name you gave me, if you could possibly struggle to the end. I'll be done in a moment, don't fret."
He types some more, and hits the send button with a flourish. "Back to Afghanistan, John? I'd estimate about a week until you get back, meaning Sherlock's second heat will also be spent on foreign soil. I can promise you, John, that if-theoretically-anything were to happen to my brother, they will not be able to find your body."
John isn't completely unkind, he doesn't mention that Sherlock threatened to throw things at him when the nurses return, so he is left out of the restraints. The IV is removed too, which thrills Sherlock.
Sherlock nodded. "He killed my dog too. I always thought Alphas were wild animals that would just kill what you loved, after that. I told you once, Lestrade, that I was a sociopath. I wasn't joking, I don't believe I'm capable of loving anyone or anything. Never again."
"You'll want this one. It's Sherlock Holmes." Lestrade leaps up and jumps into his car, Sally right on his heels.
"No, you don't! If you walk out that door right now, then you don't love me, and don't you dare come back!"
"Mycroft? What is it?" John questioned, concerned. Even he knew this was abnormal behavior for the government official.
'Kay," John agrees, and in a few minutes he's back to snoring. Sherlock tries to fall asleep, but he can't. In the end he sneaks out to the Christmas tree, and falls asleep there as he's watching the lights. In the morning, that's where his brother and his mate find him, passed out in front of the tree, using one of John's new jumpers as a pillow.
"Fine," Sherlock replies, automatically glancing up at John with a smile across his face. He picks up his fork and digs into his food with gusto, effectively halting any further attempts at conversation. When he sees John staring at him, he explains, "These are my favorite foods. Mycroft picked them to get me to eat."
"Alpha," Sherlock says. "I love you," he says suddenly. "I don't know if I've told you lately, but you're nothing like I was afraid you'd be. I used to think I never would have a mate because Alphas were abusive, and that I'd never have children because they'd end up dead at an Alpha's hands. You defied my expectations. You're the best thing to ever happen to me, followed closely by our children."
"Speaking of, when are you planning to inform Mummy you are never going to settle down and bear pups?"
"Anthea, where's my brother?" Sherlock questions, shoving past several people gathered around her desk grumbling angrily. Sherlock spares them a passing glance-foreign dignitaries. Boring.
"John!" Sherlock screams again. While John was busy, he had been grabbed by the henchman who had been looking through John's wallet. The other man is gone, he fled the scene of the crime.
"Don't sell yourself short, Brother Mine," teases Mycroft lightly. "You were a terrible force of nature in your own right, the devil reincarnate."
"Sherlock, love, maybe you should go get dressed, and we can hear your brother out," John suggests, and Sherlock miraculously flits off to find a bathroom and put clothes on as he was told to. In a couple of minutes he has left the bathroom fully clothed and seats himself on the sofa next to John.
He finds his mate outside, shaking from his own adrenaline and quite possibly from fear, too. "John!" the relief is evident in Sherlock's voice, and the boy crashes into him. John staggers from the unexpected weight, and falls to the ground, but he curls his body around his mate's.
"So I'm guessing this is your first heat?" John asks. The snarling Alpha lurks beneath the surface, pleading for a chance to bite the delicious-smelling boy in front of him, but John determinedly tamps it down.
"Soo Lin began defining the code. The shooting began before she got the chance, so she must have begun translating when you ran off to find me." He holds up the paper from the table which has a couple words written by the graffiti. "She gave her life to help us, to give us the translation of this code. We can't let that go in vain."
She hugs my mate too, and he looks as panicked as his brother. "Goodnight, Sherlock. Take good care of my son."
"Sure," John agrees, turning to point in the opposite direction. "You just go-" the sharp pain to the back of his head knocks him to the ground. A second bludgeoning, and he embraces unconscious.
Sherlock smirks, though Mycroft isn't looking at him full-on so he only catches it in his peripheral vision as they stand side-by-side. "Smoking indoors, isn't there one of those law things about that? Besides, I'm pregnant."
Sherlock sniffles, and John looks up to see him sobbing silently. "I'm just overwhelmed with hormones, don't mind me," Sherlock jokes, scrubbing his eyes. "They're moving, John. They're alive. We're going to be parents!" There is a moment where they both stand together with their hands on Sherlock's stomach, but Sherlock breaks the silence by saying, "the books never mentioned how amazing this feels. It's a life, John! Our children are alive, and they're in there, and they're moving!"
"He was, but I think he finally realized that he's only hurting them both if they turn out to be mates. I don't want anything to take away from them actually speaking to each other, so I'd prefer to announce it some other time."
He meets his brother and Molly, who it seems Sherlock has asked to accompany him, to the morgue. Molly flips the sheet back, revealing the battered face of a woman that might possibly be The Woman. "I can't tell," Sherlock says, echoing Mycroft's thoughts. "Can you pull back the rest of the sheet?" Molly does so, and Sherlock stares at this woman's naked body for a moment. "It's her," he decides, and then he sweeps off.
I'm the first person done eating breakfast, so I jump up and begin clearing dishes. It's habit at this point, leftover from my Father beating me if the dishes weren't done.
"SH-Sher-sherlock?" John stutters as I yank off his jacket and wrap it around him. My own follows a moment later. "I th-th-thought you were m-m-mad at m-m-m-me?"
I silently vow to Greg that I will fix his relationship with Mycroft. After all, the two of them practically became my role models for a healthy Alpha-Omega relationship. And now I screwed that up.
Jim asks Mycroft a question about security, and they both quickly take the conversation to a level I can't even hope to follow.
"Sherlock, you are being slightly irrational right now. If you want, you can come with me to the store, but we can't go hungry because I was kidnapped yesterday."
"Can I see his jacket?" I stare at Sebastian, a bit surprised, but I relinquish my hold on my mate's jacket. Sebastian holds it to his nose and inhales deeply. He turns and sniffs the air. "He went this way."
John isn't in the clearing, but there is a large log that might be hollow, so I run over, drop to the ground, and wriggle in.My soulmate is lying in the log, shivering.
John kisses him and Sherlock is again captured with how much he loves this man. "You are the best thing that has ever happened to me," he tells John.
Getting ready is an exhaustive struggle I wasn't prepared for. As it turns out, my ribs hurt like a devil, and I can't stand on one of my legs. Even though I had been trying to get dressed quietly, I fall over onto the bed, making Greg jump awake. The poor man feels obligated to help me, so I do make it downstairs.
Sherlock nods, crossing over to the stack of books. He begins flipping through them, searching for the words to match the ones that Soo Lin wrote. That is all the sound there is for several hours, the rustle of pages.
When they arrive at Baker Street, they find Mycroft has made himself at home. He has hot tea and a small plate of snacks for them to eat. Sherlock manages half a cup of tea and two biscuits before he slumps over on top of John snoring, one long arm attached to Mycroft's wrist like a manacle. Mycroft drifts off soon after, head tilted toward his brother in silent supplication. John stays up, bright eyes staring alertly into the darkness for any sign of a threat to his family. None comes, and John drifts off too once the sun begins to peek over the horizon.
The man gives him an odd look, almost as though he is perusing John and John has somehow come up wanting. Then he leaves.
“A few. They never lasted longer than a few months, and never with an Omega, though I have helped them through heats as a doctor. What about you?”
"Obviously you're lying. You flinched away from me as soon as I went to touch you, and you flinched away from Mycroft earlier. Yet when you ran out the door you grabbed the Omega girl's hand. One possible conclusion is that you were abused by a man, but the fact that there are two Omega males in your pack lead me to say it was an Alpha who abused you. Probably someone in a position of power, considering your initial response to me was to talk, but when you saw Mycroft your automatic instinct was to stab him. Now you're nervous of me because you know I have power over you, meaning you were abused by an Alpha in power. Which brings us back to my original question: who abused you?"
"I don't want a better Omega," John responds sincerely, hoping Sherlock can read the truth in his body, "only you."
The second time Sherlock proposed, he had accessed his Mind Palace. He searched through it for most of the day, looking for information on proposals. As he had told John, he had deleted everything he had once known about the topic.
"I don't know. I'm not really good at this kind of stuff. Did any of those books you got from the library include a book of baby names?"
“Oh! That means she left it with him, with the killer, brilliant! We find the case, we find the killer!” And Sherlock is off, down the stairs like a shot, gone into the night.
“Hmm? Oh, I do. It’s just annoying the way he can always figure out your life history. So I call him a freak to even out the playing field a bit. There’s not much else I can do to defend myself, his tongue is like an acidic sword.”
John thinks it over. It surprises him Sherlock is seventeen, mainly because an Omega like him should've been bonded at least two years ago, or even more. It wasn't uncommon for wealthy Omegas to be bonded at age thirteen, since they were hitting puberty then. Strange.
Right when he’s made up his mind to address the issue with Sherlock, his phone buzzes. ‘Hi, John, it’s DI Lestrade. Were you guys coming over to give your statement soon?’
"If I wanted to look at naked women, I could use John's laptop," Sherlock answers, holding out his Belstaff coat for Irene to shrug into.
Lying in the dark, stomach hurting every time he breathes, arm feeling like it's broken, and previous slap to the face feeling newly re-opened, John Watson closes his eyes, thankful he's away from his father for now.
"Yes, but you need to drink it slowly," John tells him. Sherlock grabs a bowl for his brother from the kitchen and returns, pouring the soup from a thermos into the bowl. Then he hands it to his brother.
Sebastian forges in to his right, picking off targets that Sherlock hadn’t killed yet, whether wolf or human. They stand side by side battling. Distantly, Sebastian is aware that at some point in the fighting Murray got a clear line to John and whisked him away for medical attention.
Sherlock pulls himself up sulkily and saunters off. Just when I think he's gone, his head pops back in.
John tucks the blanket around his mate and cradles him close, rocking him slightly in an attempt to soothe him. Apart from them, there is a lot of buzzing and a lot of commotion, but inside the ambulance it is silent.
"Nothing, really," John answers vaguely. He thinks he's found the Omega emitting that lovely smell, a tall yet still somehow delicate-looking thin boy who's bloody attractive. John thinks he looks familiar, then places him as one of the gentlemen who had watched them perform earlier in the day.
"It appears as though they were hiding behind their sibling. Only faint movements allowed us to even see them this time. So then, would you like to know the gender?"
John goes over and begins making a full English breakfast. He has the feeling Sherlock knows what he's doing when he lets out a sigh, but he gets up to help.
“I’d like to consider myself an open book,” John tells him. “Ask away. Let’s reserve the right to pass, though, just in case.”
A short taxi ride later, the three men are tumbling out of the car like puppies out of a box. "Holy- how many people live in this house?" Greg demands, staring up at the opulent mansion.
John turns red and studiously avoids Sherlock’s gaze. “Being a doctor is the most wonderful thing I can imagine, right up there with that feeling of completeness that washed over me the second Mycroft told me you were my Perfect Match.” He clears his throat, feeling a bit embarrassed. “Anyway, you said that Mycroft is both your friend and your arch-enemy. Why the second?”
"Nobody!" Insisted John. He backs away again, this time angling to the side so he doesn't back into Mycroft again. He watches both Alphas curiously, waiting to see which one will snap and hurt him first.
Mycroft is locked away in his mind, grabbing his emotions-guilt, fear, anger, sadness-and locking them away. Other past voices taunt him. "Fat, loser, useless," his father hisses angrily. Mycroft ignores him, continuing to pack his box. "No one likes a brainiac, Mycroft," his classmates call. "You're an Omega? C'mere, let me show you what to do with your brilliant mouth." Mycroft shudders, taping faster. "Stop crying, boy. Caring is not an advantage, and I don't care what happened, you need to grow up and take it like a man," his father reprimands. He has just finished mentally boxing them up and leaves the room, running from the past, when his brother's arm closes around his and pulls. Mycroft tumbles down the ladder and is caught by John.
Meanwhile, Sherlock goes downstairs and finds his mother in the kitchen preparing plates of food. "Mummy, Mycroft is pretty sick," he lies, not wanting to upset her. No matter if she killed his father or not, he still sees her as the delicate woman of childhood, and he doesn't want to upset her or trigger a sickness in her. "He'll be upstairs for at least the next twenty-four hours. John has volunteered to stay with him. We're going to keep the party running though, because that's what Mycroft asked us to do."
"I'm awake, I'll eat now on my own." He turns his attention to the whiteboard, on which the date is written to help orient patients. "It's the fifth? It was the thirtieth the last I remember. That means I've been unconscious for seven days. Why am I here, Doctor Watson? But more importantly, why are you here? You were in Afghanistan."
John says nothing; he's smiling so much his face hurts but he can't stop. His children, their children, are moving! He drops down and presses a kiss to Sherlock's abdomen. "Hi, little girl. Hey there, little boy. It's your Papa speaking."
"I see. Are you familiar with the term 'Perfect Match' as referred to by Omega biologists, Mr. Holmes?"
"John?" I jump, not having heard Sherlock come up behind me. "What are you doing?" he questions as he stabilizes me.
“You did tell us the suitcase would be with the murderer,” an officer who John believes might be named Anderson tells Sherlock. “And here it is, in the home of our favorite sociopath.” He hefts the bag.
“The odds are approximately one in one million. On their own, the odds say it isn’t possible, but combined with the odd feelings I have, I would say that significantly increases the odds to a one in one thousand chance. As to the worst case scenario: my death, death of any children we might have, rape, sex trafficking and forced prostitution of either me or the proverbial children, forced to quit my job, physical abuse, verbal abuse, sexual abuse, mental abuse, emotional abuse, financial abuse, murder of any pets that we might own…” he trails off when he realizes Anthea is staring at him with her mouth hanging open. Mycroft clears his throat awkwardly. “Theoretically, there is a lot that could go wrong.”
"Sherlock, you need to listen to me. I cannot hide in here for the rest of my life. I want to be out there, finding Moriarty and making him pay for hurting you. I want to make him pay for scaring you, for making you think you lost me, and for every bit of ground he made me lose now that you think I don't care about you. Of course I care, Sherlock. I love you with all my heart. But we need to be able to go outside, and as of right now we need groceries, and I have to go get them."
Mycroft stands and moves to his brother's side. He leans down to whisper quietly to Sherlock- two words John doesn't hear: "I'm sorry." He turns and leaves, pulling the door shut unobtrusively behind him.
"Not on purpose!" Mycroft protests. "Accident...just didn't want to bond...accident," he repeats again. "So...sleepy..." he mumbles.
This is Jim's cue, and he senses it too, because a moment later he melts from the shadows like a demon summoned from the depths of hell, repeating his monologue about being offended by not being recognized. Posturing done, he grins menacingly at Sherlock. "Is that a Browning L9A1 in your pocket, or are you just pleased to see me?"
Once again, as soon as the taxi is stopped, Sherlock leaps out leaving John to pay. By the time John catches up, Sherlock is bouncing on his feet anxiously. “Donovan says Lestrade is in with his wife right now. C’mon, let’s go.”
Fortunately for Sherlock, his older brother was slightly more sympathetic to his plight. He had quickly managed to ingratiate himself into the government, moving up in the ranks and subsequently gaining more power. Also an Omega, Mycroft Holmes had no time nor worries about finding an Alpha. Yes it was what was expected, but Mycroft Holmes was Going Places, as people always said (though what places his brother was going Sherlock could never be sure of) so he wasn't forced to find someone who would coddle to his every whim, and generally annoy the crap out of him trying to keep him happy in their home with a brood of pups.  Sherlock's parents understood their eldest son was too busy with his career for a family, but they could not comprehend why their youngest didn't want an Alpha. Mycroft did, which meant that while he and Sherlock did not get along, they did have an understanding of each other that no one else did. Due to this understanding of the siblings, Sherlock had run away and moved in with Mycroft last year after an uproar with their parents, and had never left.
“You’re becoming slow, Baby Brother. This type of writing is an ancient Chinese number system. In fact, the symbols here are the numbers one and fifteen.”
"It's Mycroft. He's sick, I've never seen him so bad, he's curled up and groaning. He asked for you."
I lift my head to realize that instead of being cradled in Jim's arms like I thought I was, I am in Mycroft's. I launch myself out of his arms, stuttering apologies.
"Let her burn, and cry 'God save the Queen,' then make yourself a cup of tea and have a cigarette," Sherlock retorts. "I'm sure you'll manage without me for a while." He turns to his mate now. "Take me home, John."
John smirks. "We solve crimes, I blog about it, and he forgets his pants, so I wouldn't hold out too much hope," he tells Mycroft sassily.
Within a few days, John Watson is kidnapped yet again. This is getting old fast. He rubs his neck and glances around, trying to remember how he ended up here, wherever here was.
Instead, his wife was nowhere in sight. His eldest son was reading a book while simultaneously dueling his youngest in front of the fireplace.
Far from seeming upset, the man looks pleased. He holds a device in his hand, which he dangles in front of Sherlock as bait. "This is the detonator to your mate's vest. If you shoot me, I will make sure we all go up in flames."
"Okay," Jim says, rubbing his hands together with a malicious grin. "Here's what we need to do. I'll make a master list for everyone of things to bring. Put them in your backpack and leave your books, we won't need them where we're going. Roll your clothes into tight balls so you have more space. Mike and Molly, can you guys steal food?"
"Greg?" I ask, before I can lose my nerve. He grunts at me, so I question, "Are you like me, being held here against your will, or is it voluntary?"
Then he catches sight of the bandage on Sherlock's neck. "John Watson! You got bonded and didn't tell me?!" He steamrolls on without giving John a chance to reply. "You poor kid. How'd it happen?" This is clearly directed to Sherlock.
Sherlock grins at him. “It’s not in your nature to give up without a fight, it’s not in mine to be a ball of sunshine.”
"Greg. Mycroft is real, this is his house, he did invite you over, and he is really sick." As if to prove his point, Mycroft has his first seizure of the night. He wakes up a bit once it's over, John reassures him that he's alright, and then he drifts back off.
“Yes, you did. But I’m not angry about that. A little put out, a little hurt, but I’m not angry. Honestly, Sherlock, if I was you I would have left me behind too.”
John swats him as they head back into the house playfully. Sherlock chuckles, then stops as he considers what lies ahead. John turns around before they even make it into the flat. "Something wrong? I can feel your anxiety."
The fourth time Sherlock proposed, he was not high, and he had researched proposals. It seemed to him that ordinary people liked sentiment and a ring. Well, if that's what John wanted, fine. Anything for John.
Common sense would probably dictate I go to my room, so I don't. I open the door, praying that nobody will hear me. Nobody comes, and I stroll off down the driveway. If Sherlock hates me, the best course of action is to remove myself from his life permanently. If I go back to where we stayed when we first met my mate, perhaps my pack will join me. And if not, I'll just have to survive on my own. Either way Sherlock won't be burdened with me.
John catches Mycroft's eye, and realizes from how tightly his lips are pressed that he's a bit angry with them both. "Just once, can you two behave like grown ups?" Mycroft demands.
Sherlock glances at it, cerulean eyes darting over the screen for about thirty seconds before he crinkles his nose and turns away. "Boring."
"What? No!" exclaims Mycroft, flabbergasted.  "But we're moving on now, Brother Mine. We're drifting apart. You've reached a stage in your life I never intend to achieve. You have a new life now, with John. Enjoy it. Thrive with him."
Greg doesn't come to his bed at all in the night, and from what he tells me in the morning, he never will again. "Mycroft asked me to move into his room with him!" Greg tells me joyously.
The four of them stare at the pink phone in confusion. "It's the pink phone," Sally finally states, "from 'A Study in Pink!'"
Finally, once all the attackers are dead, Sebastian turns to Sherlock. “God, kid, I TOLD you not to do that.” Sherlock doesn’t respond, but his face goes deathly pale and he collapses on the spot. “I need help over here! The Omega going into heat just collapsed!”
John drops the tracker in horror and bolts out of the room. "Guys! They've got trackers; the supplies have trackers! Somehow they knew to expect us! Don't take anything, but get out of here!"
Abruptly his spine stiffened and he inhaled a huge breath. A sweet smell permeated the air. A mixture of peppermint tea, gunpowder, and fabric softener dryer sheets. Sherlock had never smelled anything so amazing in all his life. He searched subtly through the group of sweaty soldiers, but couldn't decide which one emitted that glorious scent.
She laughs. "Not at all." She deals the man holding her hostage a wicked slap across the face with the gun she pulled from him, and the man slumps to the ground. "Thank you, you were very observant. I'm flattered."
Within a few minutes, our back door is opening to admit three young Omegas. I recognize the young girl Sherlock was talking with, off to the left of a boy who is clearly the leader. Another boy stands to the leader's right. Since the boy in front is the leader, I address him.
Sherlock doesn’t answer him. In fact, he ignores him for the rest of breakfast, leaving John with the distinct feeling of being frozen out.
“I-I can’t,” Sherlock gasps, sounding hoarse. John’s Alpha feels proud as he looks over his mate. His hair is mussed, his voice hoarse, and his eyelids very nearly closed. ‘He looks wrecked, and I did that to him. I made him look like that.’
He stalks off to the main road and Donovan sits John gently down on the curb, allowing him to lean on her.
Sherlock shakes his head. "No, it wasn't Mycroft. It was my father, and he's dead now, good riddance! Sorry, that's a bit not good."
“I’m pretty sure they gave you heat suppressants. It would be cruel to let you go through your heat when your mate can’t take care of you.”
"Good, then that gives me plenty of time. "Do you have a nursery theme picked out? Or baby registries up yet?"
"I'll be there in a few minutes. I must admit I had my doubts about a home birth, but everything worked out alright?"
Mycroft understands what his brother is saying- Irene was an interest. Not a romantic one, not a friendly one, but an interest all the same, and one that for all rights Sherlock should mourn. But his brother is not mourning, and now he wonders if there's something wrong with him. Mycroft sighs and parrots his father's old adage, "All lives end. All hearts are broken. Caring is not an advantage." The words fall flat, and judging from the look on his brother's face, did nothing to help him. Mycroft fumbles and tries again. "Would you care for a cigarette?" he offers.
Of course, I wouldn't want to kiss Mycroft because I'm not gay. Men just aren't attractive to me. Yet Sherlock is my soulmate. I stop staring at Mycroft and swivel a bit so I'm staring at Sherlock instead. I mean, his hair is beautiful, and his voice is what some female Omegas would refer to as 'sex personified', but do I find him attractive? Is recognizing someone's sex appeal the same thing as finding them attractive? And even if I find Sherlock attractive, that doesn't mean I want to do anything about it. I mean, I can recognize Jim would be attractive to a female, but I've certainly never felt a desire to date him or even kiss him.
Mycroft doesn't answer, but he turns and physically hauls his younger brother up the stairs. Once Mycroft slams the door and locks it, he turns to his brother.
John wakes up to the clicking of the door opening and closing quietly. He keeps his breathing regulated, hoping Sherlock will leave him alone so he actually can go to sleep. “I’m sorry, John,” whispers Sherlock as he tiptoes over to the bed. “I’m no good at this; Omegas are supposed to nurture their Alphas, and I ditched you at a crime scene in the middle of nowhere when you were hurt. Lestrade reamed me out and I deserved it. I’m sorry, but at the same time I wish I could be more sorry. I’m not used to having anyone else look after me, and honestly I’m furious that I have to put up with taking someone else with me or leaving notes now because I have you. I hate that I lost my independence, and I hate that your kiss made me feel like I was melting, like I’d never be whole again without your arms around me and your mouth on mine. I hate this, I hate you, and I wish I’d never met you.”
Mycroft's eyebrows climb higher as I speak, nearly disappearing into his hairline. "Did you talk to Sherlock at all?"
"I'm unarmed," Sherlock replies truthfully. The bait has been offered, it is simply a matter of hooking the fish.
"What? No! Mycroft, no!" He continues tugging on his wrist, trying to free himself, but to no avail. "Alright, can we at least go upstairs?" Sherlock offers, attempting to placate his brother.
“I thought you only found out Mycroft existed a few days ago? Yet you’ve been texting my brother for several months now.”
"No. Caring is not an advantage." Both brothers fall silent, thinking on the past. Mycroft's words ring in their ears, though in a deeper, more authoritative voice than his.
Some point in the middle of the night, I dream of my Father. I wake up not remembering the details but terrified just the same. As my eyes fly open I realize my pack and my Alpha's are surrounding me, which makes me cringe-guess I was louder than I thought.
Meanwhile, Sherlock is standing at the safe, trying to deduce the passcode. "Alright, on the floor," the man with the gun tells John. "Miss Adler, on the floor!"
"No I won't! I'm going to stay with Mycroft! That's why he wants John here, so I can finally move into his room where I belong!"
Sherlock orders the copies and runs outside to flag down a new taxi. "Would you be opposed to asking people to be our children's godfathers and godmothers using the cards as well?" Sherlock questions curiously.
"Sherlock? What are you doing?" At the sound of John's voice, Sherlock panics. He darts away from Dr. Sawyer, jumping onto the nearest elevator. It's going up, not down, but it's away from John and Dr. Sawyer, so it's better than the alternative.
Mycroft was feeling frustrated after finding Sherlock again. His brother, normally unwilling to speak in the first place, became a total recluse. He wouldn't speak of his time with John, only to reassure Mycroft that nothing unsavory had happened.
“How do you expect me to be? I don’t know, I’m furious, and yet I understand it. I’m never home any more, I guess it was inevitable. I just thought our wedding vows actually meant something, ya know? Til death do us part, and all that. We didn’t even care that we weren’t Perfect Matches, they’re so rare nowadays that I just figured we could be happy together, and we didn’t care that we were an Alpha/Alpha pair either. No one else did, so…I thought we were happy. I thought she was proud of me, she used to be. She used to tell me I was her hero for getting all these killers off the street. She hasn’t told me that in years, come to think of it. What I don’t understand is why she wouldn’t come to me. If she missed me, missed the sex, the affection, whatever it was that she went to another man, why wouldn’t she come talk to me first, if she really loved me?”
"I am," the boy says bluntly. "I'm also not interested in him, in spite of the stereotype of all Omegas wanting a doctor for a husband."
"No reason, Brother Mine." Mycroft ruffles his brother's curls and goes back downstairs, picks up the sledgehammer, and attacks with renewed vigor. Meanwhile, Sherlock and John find some paint and redo the wall, sanding  the blood off and repainting.
"I love you," Sherlock says again, leading John out of the bathroom and into their bedroom. They climb in together, Sherlock still wrapped in the robe with his hair shining like diamonds with water droplets. Within moments, John is asleep. Sherlock stares at him for a while, tracing over his features with a light touch, watching this man he loves. Eventually, he too falls asleep.
“Guess I did win. Listen, I need you guys to give your statements. Sherlock, you still maintaining that you didn’t see the shooter?” At Sherlock’s confirmatory nod, he says, “Great, I’ll just write that, and you almost went into shock, so your deductions failed us. Bummer. John, you didn’t see any signs of the killer, right?”
A loud rapping on the door makes them pause. "Freak, it's for you," Sally says, pushing the door open and holding out a package.
"Yeah okay. Thank you, Mycroft. And sorry, again." I stand to leave, then remembered why I came in the first place. "Please talk to Greg."
"Excuse me, sir, can you show me the way to Buckingham Palace?" The tourist speaking is a Chinese man who is smiling ruefully at Johm, clearly lost.
He breezed into Detective Inspector Lestrade's office, slamming the door shut behind him. "I need your help."
The next few hours are somewhat of a blur to John. They do not find the murderer as Sherlock had expected, but they did get to have a nice meal at Angelo’s before they ran out the door to chase a taxi which Sherlock believed the murderer had taken. John’s pain medication had taken effect at that point, so he wasn’t in pain, but he knew he would be the next day.
"What do you want?" Seeing John's look, he hurries on. "I've interacted with other Alphas my own age. They would've hurt me during my heat. Hurt, bonded, and bred. But you didn't do that. I thought maybe you were waiting until I was in my right mind, but you haven't tried to force me into anything yet. So what's your goal? Money for a rehab for your alcoholic brother? Power, trying to kidnap me? I just don't understand, and I don't like not knowing."
Fellow omega Jim Moriarty struts into class confidently, sees his friends in the back, and drops in next to them.
Well, there was only one way to know for sure. Sherlock jumped up from his chair and grabbed his Belstaff and his passport. "I'm going out, John," Sherlock calls.
"I had all this stuff," she continues, holding out the camera phone with the picture that started this whole mess in the first place, "and didn't know what to do with it.Thank God for the Consulting Criminal. He gave me a lot of advice about how to manipulate the Holmes boys."
The other guests on the elevator stare at him like he's escaped from an asylum, but he doesn't care. He mashes the button for the top floor, knowing they will never look for him there.
I quickly lose track of time. After I get done, I study the pins I put in and remove them. Looking at the names, I try to push them back in in the right spots. I fail epically, which makes me laugh at myself. I try again and do better.
They are still curled around each other when Mycroft's trusty umbrella is heard on the stairs, and a moment later the government official steps into the room for the second time that day.
"We broke into your house to steal things, but Mycroft invited us to live with you guys because when we left John tried to jump out a window to come too. He broke his leg during his landing, which is why he's on the couch," continues Jim.
“I’m assuming you already know why I’m calling, so I’ll cut to the chase. My tenacity, as you called it, is refusing for me to give up my case information. I’ve been stepped on and pushed around a lot lately, and quite frankly I don’t need it from you too.”
John didn’t realize that spaghetti, Sherlock’s meal of choice, was so difficult for some people. He had never realized that it was possible to nearly burn down a flat by making spaghetti. As such, he got quite the shock when he took a taxi back from the therapist and found the street blocked by fire trucks. He shoves by, reassuring the firemen that he lived there, and found Sherlock and Mrs. Hudson standing outside a smoking 221B.
"No! I want to see my brother!" Sherlock looks up, gasps dramatically, and rushes to the window instead. "No, no, let me out!"
He throws himself at her, growling. She threatened to destroy his mate, and that means she needs to go. He rips her throat out in a haze of red.
"Not going to happen. She's enamored with the idea of a younger, better-behaved version of you running around."
As soon as they made their way through the door of 221B, Sherlock was stripping off his shirt and throwing it at the door.
"You are fierce and cunning, even if you often miss the obvious. You tried to protect me from John, setting aside years of personal dislike at the drop of a hat as soon as you saw signs that I might be in trouble. I can think of no one I would rather have for a godmother for my little girl than you."
Mycroft finds one in the gardener's shed, and promptly lays into the floor with such a fierce expression John and Sherlock both back up reflexively. After a few minutes, Mycroft speaks. "John, why wouldn't you allow the hospital nurses to release information to me?"
He is just getting ready to enter the tunnel himself when a tall ginger-haired man leaps his crime tape and sets off in a ground-eating stride toward the tunnels.
The sound of pursuit reaches his ears, and he runs faster, trying to fly off the ground to safety. There is a loud roar, then silence. Sherlock doesn't look back. He's trying desperately to scale the alley wall, but even with his lanky form it's too high.
Mycroft shoots him a glare that leaves no doubt as to why his nickname is 'The Iceman.' "Undoubtedly, anything would be nice for him. He doesn't have high standards. Now don't let me hear another word about Lestrade pass your lips, or I will cut all access to Bart's."
“No. Not for lack of several people wishing it, though. Are you glad you have an Omega now? Even though it will take you away from the Army?”
John's honestly considering ripping this man's head off, and Sherlock is getting agitated too. If it's not bad enough that John's emotions are distracting him, he now has to deal with the overly-friendly man in front of him. He's trying to ignore him, trying to block it all out, but John seems to be snarling for blood. Sherlock lets his gaze sweep the man in front of him. His deductions surprise him-how blind is Molly, truly?- and the word slips out of his mouth before he can stop it. "Gay!"
"Hey, it's John. The twins have been born. They're healthy and beautiful and Sherlock is doing wonderful. Will you be stopping by Baker Street?"
"I'm fine, John," Sherlock repeats over and over as he rubs his fingers through John's beautiful blonde-brown fur. "Just tired. All my fight is gone now." John whines again and drops his head onto Sherlock's chest. "It's alright," Sherlock coos, "we're fine. We're fine." His other hand curls around his babies. "We're fine," he repeats for their benefit.
He lays in bed and stops moving completely. He wonders why John didn't want to bond him. It's strange to him. Plenty of men and women alike told him in explicit detail what they would do to him when he went into heat. John was different. He wouldn't even come near Sherlock. Why? Plenty of people have wanted Sherlock for his body, so why didn't John?
"Hey, hey, it's not like that," John replies. "It's possible that Moriarty didn't know she was being killed. Or that he even ordered her to be killed for some reason that we don't know. But we're as safe as we can be. Mycroft is watching out for us, and Greg, and Sally and Dimmock. Mrs. Hudson will beat anyone who dares even breathe a bad word about us, how much more do you think she'd attack a killer for us?" That makes Sherlock laugh. "We are in danger, we know that, but just because Irene is dead doesn't mean we are next."
"John Watson, hi," John says, leaning over and offering his hand to introduce himself. He is ignored, for the man is staring rapturously at Sherlock.
"Security!" John bellows. "Nurse, get me one milligram of Lorazepam administered IM, stat! Security!"
Another smirk. "That was a joke, John. I own five houses, the one you visited for Guy Fawkes Day, this one here out in the country, one in America, one in France, and one in Spain. I'm currently looking into one in the Alps, I've heard that's lovely, but I haven't yet made a decision."
"I don't eat too much. Taking care of transport is tedious." I'm not sure how to respond to that, so I don't even try.
“John? What are you doing here? Mmmph!” Sherlock protests as John crosses the room, tugs his mate up from the floor, and kisses him, pouring all the love and relief he felt at seeing his mate still alive into the kiss.
Next they go to the grocery store, and John gets stuck buying the ingredients because Sherlock is busy trying to look at different concentrations of bleach for a new experiment. After a couple minutes, John calls, "Sherlock? Get yourself over here, part of cooking is getting the ingredients."
Anthea raises her eyebrows and quickly fires off a text to Mycroft. With a bit more typing from her phone she has confirmation that she is to give back the access, and to leave the case information alone. She does so, then she leaves Greg’s office.
“Twenty-one,” answers John. “Second question: What do you do for a living? Or what do you want to do?”
"No, I want you to open the safe." The man levels the gun at Sherlock, but Sherlock stares at him cooly, unaffected by the potentially-life-ending weapon that is currently leveled at him.
Sally takes it in stride. "Was it your big brother? Lestrade talks about him sometimes, how he watches everything. If it's him, it will certainly be more difficult to get you away from him, but it's still doable."
“I have no idea what you mean.” The unspoken message is clear: we’re not discussing this. Not now, not ever.
Sherlock's eyes widen a bit, and he goes red. "John," he exclaims breathlessly. "You- I'm cooking!" he sounds scandalized.
He takes the ticket John hands him, leaning close to murmur just for John's ears, "When we return, you should continue what we were doing. I rather enjoyed being carried like that." Then, like nothing had happened, he straightened his coat and moved out the door, following behind the employee who came to collect them.
"Do tell, Brilliant One," John means to sound teasingly rude, but the affection in his tone gives him away.
"Sherlock! It's alright, it's okay," he continues babbling, not even sure of what he's saying, but knowing he needs to reassure his mate.
John nods. "Okay." He springs at Sherlock, catching the boy off-guard, and carries him to their bedroom.
Now that Sherlock knows my past, I'm able to let go of some of my reservations and actually be friends with him. We work together up in the lab, with me playing assistant since I can sit for a while if my healing body decides to pain me.
“I feel like I’d be more concerned if it wasn’t a killer that was shot, ya know?” Lestrade muses. “That’s off the record of course, boys. Now if our killer were to strike again, then I’d have to reopen the case, but I think they’ve probably had their share of murders for the rest of their life, wouldn’t you agree, John?”
"Is it selfish to want both?" questions Sherlock. "I need you, only you, but biology demands I have John too."
Greg rolls his eyes. "I swear to all things holy-". He jumps up. "C'mon, John, stand up," he orders tugging me to my feet.
“The body?” John questions. Something about that seems relevant, though his drugged mind refuses to work fast enough to tell him what it is.
This pattern continues on for the rest of the day, which makes John grin like a lunatic. In spite of his Omega's history, perhaps the boy can be happy with John after all.
John hears the man's footsteps behind him, and turns to meet the gaze of the man he stabbed. "Interesting," the man breathes, surprise visible on his face. "You're his soulmate." John nods tersely. "Well come on, then. You'll catch a cold standing out here." John's legs unlock and he follows the man back in the house. This simple fact alone tells him a few more things. The man is probably a family member of Sherlock's, because he can counteract Sherlock's orders. He's the leader of his pack, the Head Alpha, though Sherlock is certainly in the pack too. The man holds the door open and John ducks under the man's arm, spine tingling as he tenses for a hit. It never comes.
"To burn a Christmas tree on Christmas Day is probably sacrilegious," Mycroft retorts. "But yes, a lovely idea just the same. Perhaps I'll even dance around it as well."
"John!" I turn to find Mycroft and Sherlock both running towards me. Sherlock gets to me first, grabbing me and smelling all over to be certain I'm alright. Once he releases me, Mycroft makes a compulsory check himself.
They lie in silence for a while. Sherlock tosses and turns, and the one point he kicks John in the side. Around three in the morning, Sherlock stops moving. His breathing evens out and John knows he has finally fallen asleep. He follows suit.
It's the d**n Americans, that's the first thing he notices, followed quickly by the fact that the one who threatened to shoot John is now holding a gun to Mrs. Hudson's head. Threatening Sherlock's mate is to ask to be killed, to hurt Mrs. Hudson is to beg for injuries yourself. Sherlock resolves to be sure the man gets what he's begging for.
Mycroft hurries off to the bathroom and begins dabbing at the tea on his shirt, his mind whirling like a tornado. He knows he is being cruel to his brother, it is how they interact with each other when others are present, those who cannot know how close he and Sherlock truly are. But now, dear Lord, he was to be an uncle. This is exciting, truly it is, and he is happy, though he means to get his brother on his own some time in the near future so he can discern whether or not his brother wants to have a child. If not, Mycroft will help him, same way as he always does. But if so, then perhaps he had better go look at baby supplies during his lunch break-if he even gets a lunch break today-to pick things for his new niece or nephew. Mycroft puts a stop to that train of thought promptly. 'Better to be sure the baby will be staying, before you go planning a nursery for it,' he reprimands himself mentally. So then, that issue is sorted, the tea is off his shirt, and he makes a mental note to text the American embassy to inform them that his brother is pregnant, and not to do anything to endanger a pregnant Omega. If anything happens to his brother, he will slaughter them personally. Nodding at himself in the mirror, he exits the bathroom, only to be told his brother and mate have already left the palace to engage Irene. Mycroft acknowledges this and instantly texts the Americans his threats.
The man nods, not being stupid enough to tell a police officer offering him a good tip no, and idles his cab as Lestrade aids John up the stairs and into bed. Lestrade quickly finds some soup and John’s medication and gives him both, along with a full glass of water.
"I don't know who would, but I can guarantee you the British Government would pitch a fit," John answers. He moves so he's blocking Sherlock's body, making it clear that a threat to Sherlock is a threat to him, and he will protect Sherlock unto death.
A bit timidly, Mycroft stretches out his hand, though he makes no move toward the anxious wolf. John approaches and sniffs him curiously, then he stops his growling. He licks Mycroft's hand, then walks behind him and head-butts him closer to Sherlock. Mycroft chuckles a bit. "Yes, alright, John. Just trying to make sure I wouldn't lose a body part in the process of assuring myself my younger brother is alright."
"Guys, this is my mother," I say proudly, pulling her out from behind me. She smiles tentatively at the two Alphas.
Sherlock launches himself at John, and it's only John's quick reflexes that allows him to catch the boy. "What are you doing?"
"There was a man-an MOD official. I knew what he liked. One of them was showing off. He kept telling me this email would save the world. Naturally, I took a picture of it."
Once outside, he realizes that Mycroft is probably watching his credit cards, so he can't just go to the store and buy a pregnancy test. First stop: the bank. Once Sherlock has one hundred euros in his pocket (hopefully that will be enough, it's not like he's ever looked at the cost before) he jumps onto the tube. The tube takes him to Dover after about an hour, which is perfect. He's told John he had a great idea for an experiment, and not to worry about him, so he can probably be gone all day before John and/or Mycroft start to worry. It's possible, anyway.
I wince as he stands me up. My muscles have been tight for three months, but this takes the cake. I notice Sherlock's sharp eyes on me and try to cover my grimace.
Whatever apology he was going to issue was lost as Sherlock loops his arm around John’s neck and physically yanks him back down, kissing him. He groans into John’s mouth as he frantically tangles his hands into John’s hair. John’s Alpha surges awake then, barking demands. ‘Lay him down!’ John lifts Sherlock until he is lying sideways on the couch, then crawls atop him, straddling his hips and leaning down. Far from protesting, Sherlock groans his approval. John reattaches their mouths, tracing Sherlock’s velvety lips with his tongue until his mate understands his unspoken demands and parts them. As soon as he does, John’s tongue is plundering Sherlock’s mouth with near-vicious intent, mapping out his mate’s mouth frantically. Sherlock attempts to do the same, but his inexperience plays against him here-John maintains control of the kiss.
"Well I am sorry. I should've talked to you prior to banning your brother. As a matter of fact, I'll take you to see him now."
Lestrade sighs. It’s late, and he’s tired of Sherlock’s cryptic deductions. “It’s late. I haven’t seen my wife in several weeks for longer than a few minutes. I’m going home, and I’ll see you tomorrow.” He walks off before Sherlock can argue.
“Drugs? Are you serious?” John questions, aghast, at the same time Sherlock exclaims, “That was one time!”
“Listen to me. Those bells you heard mean that the attackers are Alphas. That means they can turn into wolves, Sherlock! Wolves! John has been trained for this situation, he will be fine. You have not trained for this situation, you have no weapon, you cannot turn into a wolf, and you are literally hours away from going into heat. I cannot in good conscience let you go back.”
"Hi, I'm Sebastian Moran," the blonde boy who came out with Jim tells me. He offers me his hand, which I just stare at. Who cares about social niceties when my soulmate is missing?
“I’m not supposed to do that though! This stupid body never does what it’s supposed to, and I hate it! It’s so-so-so…John, my body never does the normal thing. My brain whirls around, lighting on things that are important for a half second before it zips past. I don’t have friends because I have no filter, I blurt out every private detail about people like I’m their own personal advertising billboard. My heart doesn’t work because I don’t care much for people, and I don’t care about the dead bodies that Lestrade and I work with, and that’s why I’m a sociopath. Now I have a mate. Do you know how many people told me I wouldn’t have a mate? People hate me, John, they hate me, and now I’ve gone and found a mate, and I screwed it up because the second, the second I actually found someone who was literally perfect for me in every way, I ditched him at a crime scene! Not only that, but I ditched you when you were in pain, and you didn’t know how to get home, and I just abandoned you! I’m not supposed to be able to abandon you, I’m supposed to nurture and care for you!”
“Very well. Good day, Detective Inspector.” The click in Lestrade’s ear signals that the mysterious elder brother has hung up.
Once I'm certain he's gone, I manage to somehow pull myself up and hobble over to see what he found. I read over his notes but can't find anything. In fact, it looks like he was just identifying different parts of the brain.
John grabs him, and Sherlock has enough time to quietly gasp, "John!" before John's lips descend frantically onto his.
Dr. Sawyer agrees that there is no medical reason Sherlock must stay in the hospital, and Sherlock is discharged.
"Mycroft, it's John. I know you're mad at me, and you have good reason to be. Don't be mad at Greg though, I kinda forced him to-"
Mike, Molly and I troop downstairs at a more sedate rate. As soon as Mycroft and Greg join us, I take charge. "His jacket is on the hook, so if he is outside he's sans jacket, thus at risk for frostbite. Finding him quickly is paramount. Split up outside, Mike and Molly go north, Greg and Mycroft go south, Jim and Sebastian go east. I'll go west. Yell for him within the boundaries of our property and if we can't find him converge back by our front gate. Jim, if you and Sebastian do anything other than hunt for John-"
Donovan smirks at him. "Whatever you say, boss" and walked back out, pulling the door closed behind her.
"No! That's why this is a huge mistake. I'm not gay, I'm not attracted to Sherlock, and I'm never planning to get bonded either!" Greg reaches over to place a calming hand on John. He realizes John's pack, though they've been silent, are all touching John and lending support to the distraught Omega.
"I don't know. It was a bomb, though no one has stepped forward to take credit yet, and we don't believe anyone will. In fact, we're not sure why they targeted this area at all. We are working closely with the police on this, and we hope to have an answer and a person in jail soon."
They don't talk until they're outside, and then only to call a taxi. John thinks they're going home, but to his surprise Sherlock tells the man to take them to a craft store instead.
"Sherlock!" The desperate cry rips from John's throat as he watches his Omega leap onto the ledge. "Get down now!"
“Hmmm. Well I was going to tell you guys that I need you to come down to the station tomorrow to give your statements.”
In that moment, he hears a car pull up to the curb outside. Footsteps alight and stop at the door for just a moment before continuing on. He can feel John's concern for him through their bond. So then, his mate is home. Lucky for the American, John's presence has literally saved this stupid man's life.
"I will. We'll come back for you John, I promise!" She kisses his cheek lightly than darts off to safety.
Sherlock stares in shock at the screen. "You're sure? Where was the second child on every other ultrasound I've had?"
Now Mycroft is truly at a loss. His eloquent words are rendered useless, his cigarettes are ignored, he has no idea how to comfort his brother anymore. "Merry Christmas," Sherlock says, and he vanishes back toward the morgue. Mycroft pulls out his phone and dials John, knowing he will be a far better comfort than Mycroft.
"I'd prefer you in your bed naked, and don't worry, I've got pants on. That was a joke about you naked by the way, don't freak out."
When he wakes again, he is in some kind of tunnel. He's tied to a chair, he can tell that from small twitches. No way to tell if he's alone. Cautiously, he cracks his eyes open.
"Pick one, then," Sherlock tells him, swinging an arm imperiously at the shelves. "I bow to your judgement."
I've just gotten comfortable when I have this nagging feeling I have to go. I'm not sure what it is, never felt anything like this before, but my body is demanding action so I move. I'm out the door and moving down the hall in a trancelike state, completely forgetting Greg's order to stay put.
I've never looked at it like that before. I think it over now. "I guess it did take a lot of strength," I allow.
He resets John's leg and puts a cast on that. "Right, I'll leave some papers for you two, instructions on how to care for his cast and his ribs. Now then, why did he leap out the window?"
"I hate you, and your stupid groceries too!" Sherlock runs off toward their room, and the slam of the door echoes throughout the entire flat. Sighing, John shuts the door to their flat before he sheepishly walks over to their bedroom door and taps on it lightly. When there is no answer, he walks in.
"John, look out!" John whips around at Molly's shout. A tall man, taller even than Sherlock, with auburn hair had managed to sneak up behind him. John remembers the poker in his hands and stabs it in the direction of the newcomer's foot, lurching around to grab Molly's hand and tug her out the kitchen door.
Greg yanks the door open. "Sally, this is not what it looks like. He's practicing to propose to someone else."
John walked through the bedrooms, looking for warm clothes that looked like they weren't worn often and thus might not be missed. Molly was down in the kitchen looking for food, while Mike was in the attic searching for warmer sleeping bags.
"Lead the way," Angelo says, clapping me on the back. I take him back to the living room. Sherlock is bent over John's prone body, eyeing us suspiciously.
Sherlock is sitting up in bed, methodically working off the tape strips to the IV. "Hey, stop that!" John says.
“No problem,” Lestrade answers. He taps the driver on the shoulder. “Wait right here for me to get this man settled then take me back to the crime scene. I’ll pay you extra.”
"Yes," John replies, taking his mate's hand and leveling a challenging glare at Mycroft. "We are both very pleased."
"That will be going back to our bedroom!" John calls, and Sherlock waves a hand at him. He's entirely too busy trying to figure out the corrosiveness of the new acid Mycroft gifted him to worry about mundane details like where the experiment will be placed.
“Ooofff!” Sherlock complains as all the air rushes out of his lungs unexpectedly. “John, what on Earth!”
They reach Lestrade's office and he ushers them inside, shutting the door behind them. "There are a bunch of suits looking into the bombing near your house. I think your brother might be involved," he says. Sherlock nods without saying anything, glancing around the office to deduce anything new about its owner.
"My father. He hurt Mycroft too, he's got scars from being thrown into the fire, but once he left for the government job my father started hurting me a lot more. He didn't like me because I was too smart and impolite. I didn't tell Mycroft because I knew he'd come back and I didn't want that to happen, he deserved to get away and be safe."
"Well, I knew you and John were forced to stay the night, so I figured I'd bring some breakfast, it's donuts and coffee." Sherlock takes the mug he's handed, inhaling the delicious scent of hazlenut coffee. "And I was up late last night, couldn't sleep, so I made some chicken noodle soup and figured I'd bring some over."
Sherlock froze. He realized he had never, not even mentally, referred to himself as the twins' Daddy before. He hadn't been sure what he had wanted to be called, only that he never wanted them to call him Father, as that was the moniker of the man who abused him. Apparently he wanted to go by Daddy, which was a bit of a surprise due to its childish sound, but he rather liked it. "John?"
Mycroft feels like all the wind was knocked out of his sails. "Oh. I believe I owe John an apology."
Lestrade's fist clenches (the one that's not holding Sherlock's hand) and he takes a deep breath before continuing. "Sherlock, is your brother hurting you, or has he hurt you in the past?"
"Yes," breathes John. At his words, Sherlock whirls around. "From the moment I met you my mantra has been, 'I'm not gay' but I am for you and you only. Yes I'll marry you. I love you too, so much. I want to spend the rest of my life with you, every waking moment."
"You're still wearing the vest, get it off John, please take it off, I can't stand to lose you John, please, please," Sherlock says in a litany.
"Hello Mycroft, it's Detective Inspector Lestrade." Mycroft freezes at the sound of the man's voice, mentally cursing himself for not checking the caller ID before he picked up.
Molly smiles from where she's taken a short break, staring down at the dead body she was working on. "Let's get you and your friends done with so we can see those babies," she says, setting back to work with a new fire in her body.
I find Greg in Mycroft's office, and from the state of his hair and his swollen lips it's obvious I've disrupted amorous kissing. Yuck.
Lestrade sneaks out of his office as the two kiss. He shuts the door softly, and looks up to meet the eyes of his entire division, plus Mycroft Holmes.
"When we first met, I told you I was married to my work. You are the most critical part of the Work, John. Obviously, I am married to you."
“Eat this, and drink this, and go to bed,” Lestrade orders kindly. “I’ll text Sherlock and give him absolute h*ll for leaving you alone like this.”
"Yes." I recognize the leader's voice as that of the young man I spoke with. I lead them into the parlor. Sherlock is still standing with John, murmuring to him. With great reluctance he peels himself away and the Omega pack gathers around.
Mycroft turns red. He hadn't expected to discuss Sherlock's sex life or lack there of. "There was one. Rescued him from other Alphas, took him back to his house, protected him throughout the duration of his heat. Never bonded him, refused all advances-the stereotypical fairytale Alpha most Omegas only dream of."
"I really don't know how to tell you this," Sherlock says, tugging his fingers through his long curls nervously.
"We asked this one, she doesn't seem to know anything," the man says."But you know what I'm asking for, don't you, Mr. Holmes?" the man demands.
"No, never! I get bruises sometimes when Mycroft gets a little too...amorous..." he takes one look at John's face and says, "but you probably didn't need to know that. Neither of them have ever hurt me in any way. They're both very kind."
"A little, yes," I answer truthfully. "I really wish you would have spoken to me regarding this whole issue. But I can't fault you for trying to be experienced for me once you made the faulty assumption I was also experienced."
John cracks a smile. "Honestly, it doesn't matter to me. Just surprised me, is all. So then, will those two be our little girl's godparents? I could see Donovan and Sebastian both being good with a little girl. Honestly, I'd feel better when she starts dating, having Sebastian around as a threat."
"Right. We're going back to Baker Street to figure this out," calls Dimmock to his team. "So help you if you can't catch the killer," he tells Sherlock quietly in an aside. "You will take the fall if you can't catch the real killer, I hope you know that. There were no witnesses, so you're in danger."
"I can take it from here," rumbles my mate as soon as I'm down the stairs. Greg, bless his heart, doesn't let go of me until I nod to tell him it's okay.
"Well I'm sure that's encouraging," Mycroft says lightly. "We eat dinner around 5, please come down then." He shuts the door and John hears his footsteps travel off down the hall.
He wakes to the doorbell echoing through the house. A quick glance tells him that it is six o'clock in the morning. 'Who comes to the door at six in the morning?' Wiping sleep from his eyes, Sherlock stumbles to the door and swings it open.
The hospital is a flurry of activity, all of it surrounding Sherlock. Mycroft desperately thinks that maybe Sherlock is doing this for attention, but he quickly tamps that thought down. That's ridiculous, there's clearly more to it than that.
“Wait a second, Big Brother is legitimately your big brother?” At Sherlock’s how stupid are you, really? look, he elaborates, “I thought Big Brother was a nickname because he watches everything, like Big Brother from George Orwell’s ‘1984.’ I didn’t realize he was actually your big brother.”
"The Coventry conundrum." Both men jump together, John leaping in front of Sherlock with a snarl before realizing the voice is Mycroft's. He relaxes his stance a tad, still ready to jump into action if necessary. "What do you think of my solution? The flight of the dead."
"So you're Sherlock Holmes," he says, rocking back and forth on his heels while gazing at Sherlock like the man hung the stars in the sky. "Molly's told me all about you, and about your cases. Are you working on one now?"
"Clearly John doesn't know where to look," Sherlock says as he stands up, approaching John with the intent of comforting him.
"What? You banned him? No! I want Mycroft! I'm going to see him!" Sherlock yells. He leaps from the bed, yanking out his IV and making blood spurt everywhere.
John reacts like I've electrocuted him. He stiffens and jerks away simultaneously. "What?" I have enough time to regret my words before he smiles and requests, "Say it again, please?" so timidly.
"Hey Jim. Hi Mike. Hello John. You're a sight for sore eyes today." John halfway smiles, though it probably looks more like a grimace. "Your dad again?" Molly questions kindly. John nods.
"Hey!" Sebastian calls, waving a hand awkwardly at the teen. Up close, John can't decide how old he looks. "Mah frieeend th'nks ya hawt."
"No. My brother is the Perfect Match. He is currently unconscious in Bart's Hospital, due to having a mate who didn't bond him when he went into heat."
"Yes, but is that what you want? It's our children, John, believe it or not the sociopath does value your input," he jokes.
He sweeps out of the room to Anthea's desk. "Ladies and gentlemen, I am afraid I must postpone our meeting. I was just informed my father passed away today. My mother is distraught, and as the eldest son I am obligated to be with her. My secretary will reschedule. Good day." Everybody gapes at him, but he ignores them.
Quickly, he devises a plan and throws himself into it with abandon. 'Carotid artery, skull, eyes, artery, lungs, ribs,' Sherlock thinks, mentally planning exactly where he will hit the man to incur the most damage. "I believe I do," he responds to the man's question. He straightens again before beginning his demands. "First, get rid of your boys."
Greg Lestrade had had it up to here with Sherlock. Stealing evidence was one thing, threatening to jump off a roof was another, but allowing yourself to be kidnapped by a serial killer had to be one of the absolute worst ideas Sherlock had had in a very long time. It was pure luck that he hadn’t been killed, pure luck and a sniper that might also double as a guardian angel.
It’s no surprise to Sherlock that he wakes in the Army hospital, because he can remember everything that happened up to the point of him passing out. What does surprise him is the fact that he no longer feels like he’s going into heat, and the fact that when he sits up he can’t see John anywhere, which doesn’t bode well for him. If his mate is dead, well, he’s not sure what he’ll do, but it’ll be drastic.
Sherlock wakes up again in a few hours, around seven in the evening. He looks around the room. "John, where's Mycroft?"
Once dinner is finished, we sit around talking for a while. I lean in close with my mother, catching up on what's happened with my family since I left. Harry got bonded, though my mom says they fight all the time. After she left, my dad got a lot worse, eventually getting to the events of today when a well-meaning neighbor called the cops.
A few more months passed since the disastrous Irene Adler incident. Sherlock had recovered fine from his drugging, and the next day he was back to normal, bouncing around the flat and loudly proclaiming his boredom like a drama queen. He had gotten his Belstaff back somehow, and much to both John's and his dismay, had found Sherlock's phone programmed with a new number: that of the dominatrix. That in itself wouldn't be a problem, if not for the fact that she had changed the text alert to a woman receiving pleasure, and seemed to take a perverse amount of pride in texting Sherlock consistently, though he never responded.
The next morning I convince Greg to help me up to Sherlock's lab before he leaves for work. I also have him help me over to the table for a minute so I can 'see what Sherlock's working on.' The table is moved past the scuff mark I made, confirming that the table really is moving. I just don't know why.
Jim rolls his eyes. "Is he off somewhere being melodramatic again? No, don't answer that. Dumb best friend. Give me a minute."
Softly, John tiptoes cautiously down the stairs. He hears voices, and grabs a poker by the fireplace. He promised Molly they wouldn't hurt anyone, but desperate times call for desperate measures, and John will do anything to protect his pack.
Mycroft stands slowly, stretching his lanky body and popping his back. "Thank you for your honesty, John," he says, then hugs me. Greg follows his mate, hugging me and squeezing my hand but not saying anything.
"Stop!" Roars the Alpha John attempted to stab. John snorts to himself. 'As if, buddy,' he thinks, flying across the yard rapidly.
"Yes, and he invited Lestrade to dinner through me. So it'll be you, me, Mummy, Mycroft, Lestrade, and Anthea."
He sits there for a moment longer, stroking Sherlock's hand as he allows the sound of their child's heartbeat to comfort him. They will be alright, the three of them, come what may. He will do whatever it takes to ensure it.
The man glares at them both. "Like putting a bullet in your brain...sir." Sherlock laughs, moving up the walkway. "They'd pin a medal on me if I did, sir." The American says as an off-handed remark.
“Yeah. Now come on, there’s some safe places we’ve been keeping in reserve in these hills in case the base was ever attacked.”
"We're here, Johnny." There are hands on my arms. I tense a moment, then relax. The hands aren't hurting me, and they're not demanding anything. They're gentle and reassuring and familiar-Jim's hands, then.
Mycroft's work is a nondescript building from the outside, but the inside is immaculate. I instantly feel out of place in my baggy jumpers and sweatpants, trying to hurry along on my broken leg to keep up with Mycroft's long strides.
As soon as he gets back on English soil, he can feel John's agitation and anxiety through their bond. He sends out soothing thoughts of love and safety as he jumps on the tube that will take him back home. From there it is a short walk back to their flat. John pulls open the door the second he is near and comes flying out it, tackling him with exuberance. "Thought you were gone for good," he mumbles as he sniffs Sherlock's neck.
"That's good," John says with a leer. "Bedroom. Now," he snarls a moment later as his fingers work on Sherlock's shirt. He swoops Sherlock up from the couch, carrying him with ease. Sherlock gasps, then giggles breathlessly with delight. John lays his tenderly on the bed, though he still pins Sherlock's arms to the sides. "Have I told you lately how much I love you?"
Then, suddenly he is stopping, stopping so quickly he nearly dislocates Molly's arm since they're still holding hands. In the distance, he hears another voice shout "Stop!" and his blood runs cold with horror.
Sherlock does nothing to fight him, rather he wraps his legs around John's waist and clings to him desperately.
"Everything I've said tonight, it wasn't real," Irene offers desperately. "I was just playing the game."
“Spaghetti, Sherlock! I left you alone to cook spaghetti, and you nearly burned our flat down!” John jumps in.
The question is clearly rhetorical, but Sherlock chooses to answer as Mycroft takes the first sip of his tea. "I'm pregnant." Mycroft promptly chokes on his tea, coughing and spluttering until his airway is clear. Sherlock has a self-satisfied expression on his face as Mycroft peruses him. Whatever Mycroft finds on Sherlock's face must convince him his brother is telling the truth, because he appears stunned.
I can see Jim is fuming, so I explain. "In case I can't talk to Sherlock, I can talk to you, Jim. Kind of forget he's there, as it is. You're my best friend, if I can't talk to him I can to you. And Greg, you're just more safe for me to look at and talk to than Mycroft. It's the Omega thing." Jim sits, pacified. I wait until Greg has moved the chair and sat to sit down myself. My hand finds Molly's, and then after a minute I grab Mikes hand too.
Sherlock breaks into a grin. "She'd love that. We'd better deliver that invitation to her in person though, otherwise we might get beat with a purse or some other such nonsense. We can hand-deliver Lestrade's and Sally's, too."
Miraculously, Sherlock manages to stay ahead of Sebastian the whole time. He darts back into the base, forcing his way through the fighting until he gets to the front. He arrives just in time to see an Alpha morph into human form, pull a gun and shoot John.
"Oh, it's all a bit of a blur, Detective Inspector," answers Sherlock honestly, knowing Lestrade will do nothing to punish him. "I lost count."
"Well, you're looking all better? How ya feeling?" Sherlock asks, making John laugh as he realizes that Sherlock is imitating a terrible American accent.
Irene calls up the photo on the real phone and they stare at it together. It is a mixture of numbers and letters, in a code that makes no sense to Sherlock as it is written now. "What can you do, Mr. Holmes? Go on, impress the girl."
“I mean, eventually I would like to have sex. It doesn’t have to be today. And you always have a right to say no.”
"Wait, this is your house too?" John  cuts in before the brothers can start name-calling like children.
“I’m going back. People always told me there was no way that I would ever have a match, no way that anyone would ever love me. If you think I’m going to just sit here and play damsel in distress while I possibly lose the only person outside of my family that would ever love me, you’ve got another thing coming.” Thus saying, he turns and sprints down the hill. Sebastian chases after him, cursing him out all the while.
Sherlock doesn't respond, he just goes into the bathroom and grabs the dirty clothes, carrying them to the washer and starting the laundry. Then he returns outside.
After a few more minutes, I make my escape too. I sit outside my bedroom for a bit, listening to Greg. Abruptly I leap up and head off to Mycroft's office. I need to fix this.
The doctor smiles at him. "Nothing unusual, then," he quips. He prepares the gel and smooths it over Sherlock's abdomen. Sherlock is completely relaxed, it is his third time doing this. "So see here then, we've got the arm," the doctor tells them both, turning the screen and gesturing to a spot on the screen that looks like it could possibly be an arm as described. "Here is the other, and here's the-hang on-" his voice trails off as he stares at the screen with a furrowed brow. He moves the transducer and clicks around again.
There is an excessive bang as their outside door flies open, and Sherlock is heard dragging something heavy up the stairs. "Well I'm sorry, but you didn't get all the injuries! We're going to need to try again!"
"Sorry, Sherlock," Greg answers, looking guilty, "I have to take your statement now. I'll make it go as quick as possible, I promise."
Two weeks after the Moriarty incident, Sherlock has come to realize there is something very odd going on. Not externally, there's nothing wrong with John, Mycroft, Mrs. Hudson, Lestrade, or even any of Lestrade's co-workers, unless you counted their stupidity, but there was something wrong with him. Sherlock reviewed the symptoms mentally: change in taste (since when does he not like banoffee pie?), random mood swings (worse than normal), tenderness in areas he was not supposed to have tenderness (unless he was finally getting better pectoralis muscles?), and nausea the other day at the scent of bacon. He considered this for a while, then decided there was nothing for it: he wouldn't know he was pregnant or not unless he took a test. He could just be sick, or maybe going into heat again.
Anthea rolls down the window. “Yoo-“ Mycroft flies across the seat, slamming his body against Anthea as he desperately mashes the button and prays the window goes back up before Lestrade can look over at them. Then he leans forward and orders his driver forward.
John takes his mate's hand, rubbing a thumb over the back of the hand gently. Sherlock goes boneless, flopping down onto the table, and John smiles at him contentedly. "Right now I'm thinking about how nice you looked cooking food. Wondering if this will be our lives now, if you'll trade out your experiments for cooking once we have a child."
After a moment's deliberation, Sherlock jumps up from the bed and grabs his Belstaff coat. "Coming, John?"
Sherlock doesn’t seem affected by Sebastian’s taunts. He doesn’t send any kind of emotional response over the bond, instead, he darts ahead to the mysterious paintings/graffiti they were hired to investigate, bobbing his head this way and that curiously. It’s almost entertaining to watch, John thinks, though the bank employees seem very confused and not at all amused. Their loss.
Entering the room, John is struck by how small his Omega looks. Asleep like this, he looks much younger. John gets him physically comfortable, lying the blanket over him and adjusting pillows until his head and hips are both propped at an acceptable level.
“Hey, get back! You can’t go under there!” John hears a voice call just as he’s about to duck under the police tape and go searching for his mate.
A few hours later, they are awake again. Mycroft stretches out the kinks in his back, mumbling soft complaints under his breath. Then he takes his leave and Sherlock and John are left alone in the flat again.
Meanwhile, John Watson was trying to focus on his army drills. At the signal, he transitioned smoothly into his wolf from. Where the short Captain once stood was now a brown-blonde wolf with piercing blue eyes. As a soldier, John liked his wolf form for its strength. The doctor in him appreciated the odd color of fur and eyes which seemed to make the wounded trust him more.
"Of course. We all love you, John, enough to run away with you. Someone else definitely will, too," Jim answers. "The world isn't divided into the abusers and the abused, John. There's more to you than that."
Mycroft moans as the Alpha above him plunders his mouth expertly with his tongue. Instantly his mind begins categorizing differences between this encounter and all others: this encounter is not marred with the needy feeling of a heat, and his bed-partner behaves in a manner that says he wants Mycroft for himself, not because of who he is or his position, or even because he is an Omega.
"No, because it's a duplicate I had made, into which you just entered the numbers 1058." He smugly reaches inside the pocket of his dressing gown, pulling out the real cameraphone. He enters the numbers 1058 in, and frowns when it doesn't work.
"How generous of you," John comments as he lavishes kisses along Sherlock's collarbone. "I love you. Everything about you. I love your belly," he swoops down and kisses Sherlock's abdomen, then laves it with his tongue, "and I adore the way you're round with my children. I love your scars, they show how strong you are," a lot of time is then dedicated to kissing each scar, leaving no doubt in Sherlock's mind that he means it, "and I love your mind. So much. You're brilliant, and I love that about you. I love that you solve crimes, and I love that you're the world's only Consulting Detective."
The next few days were a bit chaotic. They had found Van Coon dead in his flat. Though the Detective Inspector in charge of the case had believed it to be a simple suicide-which John had personally agreed with-Sherlock's brilliant deductions proved them both wrong. Detective Inspector Dimmock was forced to reexamine the case, and Sherlock was given free rein-though dubiously.
There is the sound of windows slamming and people screaming in addition to Jim in his ear. He feels arms around him, hears a voice shushing him, and he falls silent with a whimper. Sherlock, then, because if John had his way he'd still be screaming. He feels lulling, and John realizes distantly that Sherlock is carrying him.
"You're right. In the future, we'll use your office instead," Sherlock says, patting Mycroft's arm as he walks past.
He crosses over to the table, where I can see a note was left. 'Boys, I'm off to my sister's for the weekend. You can be as loud as you want. XOX, Mrs. Hudson.' I turn red.
“I’ll text you,” replied Lestrade. “I’m going home for the night. See you tomorrow, John, and you too, Sherlock.”
"If you give me puppy dog eyes, I will throw a pillow at you." Sherlock must pull the eyes, because a moment later a pillow goes hurtling at his face. The door slams shut and I hear Sherlock chuckle as he moves down the hall.
"What the f**k are you still doing here? I thought I told you to do housework." A sharp crack of a hand across his mouth sends John on his way, blood beginning to slowly trickle down his face.
John was running through medical drills with his friends when a fellow captain came running up. "Watson, phone!" The man barked, handing him a slip with a British phone number written on it.
He's been on the phone with several nurses and doctors alike, only to finally have one tell him, "I'm sorry sir, you're no longer the legal guardian of Mr. Holmes, and his bonded has requested we not give out information to anyone."
Once breakfast has finished, John washes the dishes while the Holmes' discuss funeral arrangements. They agree that the funeral will be held while Sherlock is in Afghanistan, because he would be an awful guest anyway.
A quiet whimper, off to the right in a dark alley, helps him find the Omega. He plunges into the alley, morphing into his wolf form and snarling. He attacks the wolf that meets him, quickly winning the fight and asserting his dominance. The next two that charge him are knocked out of the way, and they run off yelping.
"Stop that," John chides, pulling the gun from his mate. He pulls him into his arms again, nuzzling into Sherlock's neck right by his mating mark. After a sniff to reassure himself, he says, "We should call Lestrade."
The first thing he does is to pull of the scarf and make his bite from earlier a bit brighter, then make a larger mark above the scarf so it can't be hidden.
Moving to the open doorway, John sees Molly inside talking with somebody. Molly is closest to the doorway, which John takes as a blessing. He steps into the kitchen, a floorboard creaking giving both occupants a warning to his approach.
"No John," I reassure him as he bends down to nuzzle his nose in our combined scent. "I had to process what you said, and the processing took a while. I'm sorry I scared you."
“Then quit humoring me. We both know that you only want the case information so you can destroy evidence-mainly the ballistics report if I had to guess. After all, it sure would be a shame if anyone looking at the information were to connect the dots and realize that it’s awfully odd that Jeff Hope’s killer used a military-grade weapon, and the Omega being threatened at the time had an Alpha who had very recently been discharged from the military, one whose Alpha hormones were running rampant due to a recent injury and of course, the threat to their new mate. Fortunately, that information has already been disposed of, so if you don’t need anything else I will wish you good day and thank you to leave my case with me, sir.”
The man is completely unprepared for John's attack, so he loses the gun. Unable to free himself as a human, John morphs into wolf form and wriggles quickly out of the ropes.
John is as good as his word. He tells Sherlock he loves him several times a day for the next week. He tells him during a strop on the couch with a chaste kiss on the lips. He tells him after he comes back from Tesco’s with milk. He tells him during an experiment with saliva and the breakdown of skin postmortem. He tells him over text. He tells him during breakfast, lunch, and dinner. He tells him when he calls Sally incompetent and reduces her to tears.
Sherlock frowns at that but says nothing. After a moment, he powers on the phone, and they all listen to the voice mail that was left- a series of five pips, followed by a picture of an empty room.
"No, not you. I think it was your mate. Paid for by a man with the name of...credit card slip says 'M. Holmes,'" the man says, flipping a paper on his clipboard.
Lestrade clears his throat. “Right then. Donovan, put the eyes back! Anderson, put the case down! Everyone else, get out of this house!” After a moment in which everyone rushes to do as they were ordered, he turns to Sherlock. “I am sorry, for what it’s worth. But we need the evidence, and I knew you had already found it. You can’t withhold evidence, we’ve talked about this before. When you find things like this, you are supposed to call us.”
There is silence for literally five minutes. I can only assume the precocious Omega I spoke with is relaying my message to his friends so they can decide together the best course of action.
“Sebastian! You don’t look like a crab.” After making this announcement, he happily launches into “Under the Sea”, slurring all the while.
“But not to his soul mate. His wife is cheating on him, but he doesn’t know it yet. He’ll find out soon. He’ll try to make it work, because that’s the kind of man he is, but her cheating ways will prevail and they’ll end up divorced in the long run.”
“No. I’m not sure what it means. I might break into Mycroft’s house to look in some of his code-breaking books. But it could always be something new.” He thrusts his hand up for a taxi and like magic, or a magnet, one drifts to a stop at the curb. He rattles off an address to the taxi driver, an unfamiliar one to John.
John jumps on the man, tearing into his leg with a vengeance until the man releases his mate. Sherlock scrambles away, out of reach of the wounded man who is reaching for him again. John snaps at him, throwing him to the ground and killing him too, but not before ripping his arm off as a warning to anyone else who might try to hurt his mate.
“We never discussed the use of conference calls as a factor that would need to be avoided when you broke into my house. Anyway, you’re at a loss, otherwise you wouldn’t be in my house. I could save you hours of mind-numbing research. Which do you prefer?”
"Honestly, John, have our cases taught you nothing? Infidelity in a marriage often concludes with the unfaithful person dead."
"Ordinary people fill their heads with all kinds of rubbish. I delete the useless things so there's space for what matters."
"Oh, I forgot to tell you, tomorrow we have a chiropractor coming to visit," Sherlock says. He moves over to the computer and begins an analysis of different chemicals, so he's free to speak as the computer runs through the data and does some of the work for him.
His mother gives him a strange look. "I was bonded, remember darling? You don't have to play coy for me. Of course John can stay in your room. Your room is far enough from mine that you can do whatever you want."
John smirks. "Yours wouldn't be the first naked body I've seen." Sherlock stiffens, causing John to feel remorseful. "Sorry, bad time to make a joke, but I am a doctor. That was the point. Honestly though, if I wanted to see you naked I could've by now." Sherlock glares in response. "Shutting up now," John tells him.
"Please tell me you did not drag me in here simply because you've suddenly decided you're my friend."
Mycroft takes the obvious distractor with grace. "With luck, never. Or perhaps, if I'm not lucky, when she's on her deathbed."
When Jim and Molly return that evening, both are glowing happily. "We found a job for the day," Molly reports. "Housekeeping for an Omega woman with ten children." John shudders. Another reason why he doesn't want an Alpha-after living on his own like this, he's not sure he wants one child, much less ten.
Finally Sherlock receives an email that ends their time of no cases. “I should warn you, John, Sebastian Wilkes is possibly one of the closest things I have to a friend. We went to school together. He’s beginning to establish himself as a banker-Daddy’s money is still doing wonders at opening doors for him- and he’s a bit older than I am because I skipped a few grades. He doesn’t exactly like me all that much, but he needs help and he’s willing to pay and I’m bored, so we’re taking the case.”
Morning dawns brightly and entirely too early. Sherlock is up and raring to go, so after chugging a quick cup of coffee John is out the door.
Right at that moment, Mycroft’s computer chimes a conference call. Apparently Mycroft elected to have his computer always accept conference calls-an option which technically doesn’t exist-because Sherlock doesn’t get the chance to deny the call before Mycroft’s picture comes up on the screen and he is sighing in exasperation.
The doctor breezes in then, followed closely by Murray and Gregson. “Mr. Holmes? Your mate has just come out of surgery. He received a gunshot wound to the shoulder, but he will live. We got the bullet removed; he will have the scar from that for the rest of his life. We will take you to see him soon. He is awake, but be aware that he has been placed on anesthetics, and most of what he says will likely not make sense.”
The next day, John was woken by his phone vibrating in his pocket. "Hello?...Yes, sir,....yes, sir....today? That's quick....Eleven?...yes, sir. See you then. Goodbye, sir."
He's shocked when Sherlock jumps off the ledge onto the roof and flings himself into his arms, then promptly bursts into tears. Belatedly he realizes that Sherlock, as a newly bonded Omega, is experiencing hormone surges and has no idea of how to deal with his volatile emotions right now.
They board the plane together. John stares around at all the passengers, realizing that something feels off. "They're all dead," he tells Sherlock.
"You're welcome. I've got to go, I'll be late for work soon if I don't," Lestrade explains unnecessarily, then he turns and leaves.
"Can you just stand here and watch me? Help me stay focused? Because otherwise I'm going to end up leaving these supplies to do my experiments."
He goes up to check on his brother, but once again John only lets him stay a couple of minutes. "I'm sorry, the stress isn't good for the baby," he says quietly.
"You know, Jim didn't even ask for anything," Irene tells them conversationally. "I think he just likes to cause trouble. Now that's my kind of man."
Greg feels his face split into a grin. "We've got a wedding to plan, Mycroft. Our consulting detective and his blogger are getting married!"
"Yeah, I know. Sherlock, keep your brother awake. I'm going to see if I can get ahold of Doctor Sawyer. I have no idea what to expect."
"No, it doesn't matter now. Go ahead, John." Sherlock swings the door open in challenge, glaring at John balefully. "Go get your groceries. I don't have feelings to discuss. I'm a sociopath."
"Mycroft, stay awake!" John commands. Mycroft's eyes drift shut, and John slaps his cheeks lightly. "Mycroft! Mycroft!"
"I need to go back to Afghanistan to fill out paperwork and get my stuff. I'm being honorably discharged, thanks to bonding you. They don't like to have bonded people, in case that person dies, so I'm out. We have a flight that leaves Heathrow at eleven."
"Take my card," Sherlock suggests, holding out his wallet. "And can you cash the check from Sebastian, too?"
The man stops so suddenly a moment later that Dimmock nearly hits his back. A blonde brown wolf blocks their path, growling ferociously. Behind him, a lanky figure is sitting on the ground. He lifts his head, and Dimmock recognizes Sherlock.
“Okay, calm down. Donovan, Anderson, get in the car. C’mon, John. Grab the laptop and get in the front seat, I’m going to need you to navigate.”
"I didn't take the suppressants this morning. I knew I was supposed to have a heat, but I wasn't expecting it until tomorrow morning at the earliest."
John chuckles at that. “Honestly, I think you’ll find Sherlock is constantly ready to fight that guy. That was Mycroft.”
Meanwhile, John is a little grumpy that he has to be in meetings without Sherlock. He keeps a metaphorical eye on the boy through their bond, watching his emotions to be sure his friends don't overstep their boundaries. As soon as he feels anxiety, he panicked, and is trying to excuse himself when a wave of peace rushes over him. Confused, John glances around and spots his mate's curls. Instant relief floods him as well-Sherlock is fine, and was only anxious because he couldn't see his mate.
In case anyone was wondering, Lestrade's referring to Mycroft as an Alpha ("Yup, that Big Brother bloke is one terrifying Alpha") was done on purpose. I believe that Mycroft would present himself as an Alpha as much as possible, and so Lestrade just believes that he is one. That's the reason why I've said how Mycroft was Alpha-like in the past.
John is awakened by a rude chiming in his pocket. Groaning a bit, he stands and stretches the kinks out of his back. Sherlock has woken some point before him and is bent over the table, examining a slide under his microscope. Curiously, John fishes out his phone and reads the text. "There's been a murder," he tells Sherlock. "Lestrade is asking for us."
"Mycroft, how many hunting accidents have you heard of where the person accidentally hit themselves directly in the heart?"
Alright then. Clearly John needed to word things a bit differently to get any kind of answer that would make sense. "What I mean is, why am I here with you?"
"I don't need to. Besides, if I arrest you, Greg will probably come talk to you, and you've been avoiding that long enough that I think that if we ever see each other in the future, you will follow my commands to a T. Do we understand each other, Mr. Holmes?"
