‘Of course I am. The whole team is staying here for the holiday, and I’m flying Rhodes’ mom over to spend it with us. Honestly the woman is a miracle worker with a turkey, and her Christmas cake is to die for. And we wanted to know if you both wanted to spend it with us as well?’
‘I’ll give you the name of my hair dye brand,’ she says with a smile, then unfolds her arms and goes towards Peter’s bedroom. ‘Now let’s see if I can find out what’s eating him.’
‘And come find your punk ass afterwards,’ Bucky grins.
‘We don’t have time to be subtle,’ Steve replies, tightening the straps on his shield. ‘We go in and we get Wanda and Peter out. If we have to knock her out, we knock her out.’
find a way to come down here and destroy you.’
‘Everyone or just Flash?’ Ned asks.
‘How does he still not know?’ Peter asks, fully aware he’s focussing on the wrong thing. ‘Like he
‘Glad I could surprise you,’ he grins.
‘Who else is going to put up with my brattish tendencies?’
‘Cut the bullshit, Hammer. Why did you put the reactor back in my chest?!? Why not just take it? Why not just leave me for dead?’
‘Hello. Can I help you?’ the nurse at the station asks him.
Finally they reach the courtroom.
‘Yes,’ Steve cuts him off. ‘Yes, Tony, we will.’
‘Because you haven’t told me
‘Yeah I like to keep upgrading. The old man always said once you stop improving something it’s time to throw in the towel,’ he says, stepping into the legs and arms of his suit, sending the rest to the side lines.
'Yeah,' Steve admits, 'but Tony would always change it anyway.' His voice catches a little on the inventor's name.
Standing and looking over the city he takes out his phone and calls Happy. He’s not worried any more when it goes straight to voicemail, he’s worked out it means it can be saved for Mr Stark to listen to. ‘Hey Happy it’s me. So had a bit of an interesting patrol today. Started off pretty slow, there was a guy grabbed a lady’s bag right under me, which you know not so smart, and I managed to string him to a lamppost and give the lady back her bag. Then some tourists got really excited and wanted a picture, so that took up a good five minutes; they also wanted directions to somewhere, I think it was Central Park, but I’m not sure. That’s where I sent them anyway.
‘Thanks, Wade, who do we think is going to win?’
‘We get the tech guy and everything will start slotting into place,’ one of the men says to the other as they lean against the side of a car, obviously waiting for someone.
‘Thanks for the vote of confidence, Ned,’ Peter rolls his eyes as they reach the door to the bus and climb on; he spots MJ at the back and gives her a wave.
‘Crystal clear, Snowflake.’
‘I think they already have,’ Natasha points to where the aforementioned pair are currently hugging each other tightly.
I got home? When no one knew where I’d gone?’ The guilty look on the soldier’s face is all the answer he needs. ‘Yeah I didn’t think you did.’
I've been wondering about whether to do a Christmas Special of this fic and post it at Christmas, but I'm never sure how I feel about them. Would you guys want a short multi-part side story to this of an Avengers Christmas? Let me know and I'll start working on it.
‘Uh…’ the two of them say in unison.
‘And the assets? They’re going to be more than a little difficult to get hold of.’
‘What about Bucky and Loki?’ Tony asks.
Strange pauses. ‘I…it’s not entirely clear.’
‘I guess…’
Steve looks up as Bucky enters the common area, most of the team are there waiting to find out what to do about dinner. He frowns at the angry expression on his friend’s face.
‘Shut up!’ Wanda laughs, throwing some spare dough at the bickering couple.
Peter knows he’s taken the man by surprise. After a few moments he bursts out laughing. ‘Oh this is fantastic!’ he crows. ‘Sure, Spider-Man, I’ll take your deal. If only because you’ll help me get someone else I want. If I have you, Wade Wilson won’t be far behind.’
‘I…’ the humanoid blinks, and takes a deep breath. ‘Peter, I would like to ask your permission to marry Wanda.’
hard.’
Everyone starts filing in, only Natasha, Sam and Bucky staying outside with him. There’s still no sign of the rest of the party: Pepper, Peter, Rhodey and, of course, Tony himself.
‘So why don’t you? I
‘I’m sorry, Wade,’ he says honestly.
‘You willing to take advice from the master of throwing epic temper tantrums? Treat it like a band aid and get it over with.’
Loki agrees to fight his brother in the ceremonial duel
Peter drops, throwing out a leg and spinning round, knocking the ex-assassin’s feet from under him and sending him sprawling; then he flips over the top of the prone man, webbing both of his arms to the floor before landing perfectly and grinning at him.. ‘That’s for the coffee comment when you first came to pick me up from school.’
Love always,
‘Now why would you think that?’ Tony asks, voice gentle. ‘He’d do anything for you.’
‘Drink?’ Tony offers, standing up again and going to the minibar.
‘You shouldn’t have been there alone anyway, you
‘What the hell is he doing here?’ Clint demands, grabbing a knife from the breakfast bar and pointing the tip towards Loki.
It’s only as they clear the tree line that Valkyrie realises they’ve circled back around to the, now demolished, obstacle course. Hulk is standing in the middle of the wreckage, fighting against the magical ropes that Strange is using to try and stop his flailing, and the webs Peter is using to help him with. Unfortunately the teenagers webs, whilst strong enough to withstand most things, are unable to stand up to the raw strength of Hulk.
‘I’m fine, just a little tired,’ comes the subdued reply.
‘What makes you think I can’t dodge snowballs?’
them,’ Bucky says. ‘Just maybe maim them a little bit,’ he mutters just loud enough for Peter’s enhanced hearing to pick up.
‘Wait, Iron Man? What the fuck do you want on Christmas Eve?’
‘Loki is correct, however,’ T’Challa continues, ‘his and Thor’s support went a long way to encouraging others to speak up. When other countries saw that other
‘Shuri’s here?’ he grins.
Stark sighs, goes to the foot of the bed and, taking Bucky’s notes, hands them over to the doctor. The surgeon, as Bucky assumes this is the brain surgeon friend he’d mentioned earlier, takes it with a glare and then looks down and reads the notes. ‘He’s the one who volunteered for the arm.’
Steve nods and then looks at a spot behind Peter’s shoulder, obviously lost in thought. ‘Well without Dr Erskine the serum wouldn’t have existed, and I never would have been chosen to be given it for one thing. Tony’s dad Howard was the one who made the machine that administered the serum, and he made my original shield; plus he flew me behind enemy lines on that first mission. Peggy Carter of course, she and Howard ended up founding the original SHIELD you know.’
‘Huh,’ he replies, and heads towards the climbing wall that they’d taken all of the handholds off for the web-slinger to use.
‘Vision comes,’ Tony says, feeling a little better at having the humanoid on the team.
sorry, I didn’t mean-’
Nebula, Mantis and Drax are all caught in similar ways; though he makes a point to not always move when someone is looking to leave, as others have caught on to his strategy and have tried the same, or have looked to lie in wait for him. Besides he knows where a couple more of the sprigs have been hidden, and he has plans to catch some of the others there.
‘Thanks for the tacos,’ he replies, reaching for some sauce. ‘I’m pretty sure it was my turn to buy.’
‘Who left the window open above the door in the containment chamber?’ he asks the team.
‘So,’ Tony draws the word out as lunch comes to an end, ‘anyone got any ideas on how we’re decorating the tree outside?’ As one every head turns to look at the tree in question.
‘What’s going on?’ Rhodey asks. ‘And why do Steve and Bucky look like someone’s stolen their puppy?’
Peter
‘He seems really worried about it, Nat,’ Steve confides in him.
‘No,’ Bucky answers quietly. ‘No I told you, he said there was someone else.’
‘Well…’ Peter waits until they’ve left the apartment before answering. ‘That may not be a good idea.’
‘You call us anytime, alright?’
‘He’s still a punk,’ Bucky pipes up and grins as he dodges the ball of paper Steve throws at him.
‘Crystal clear, Captain,’ comes the AI’s reply, and if he didn’t know better he’d say it sounded proud of him.
Tony’s terrified of what’s coming for them in the next few weeks, and he knows Steve is just as scared; but as he lets the soldier push him back into the bed and trail kisses down his neck he’s not as worried as he was. As long as Steve’s by his side, and the rest of the team are behind them, he knows they’ve got a chance.
‘Because we love you?’
‘Sorry I’m taking the elevator down,’ he says, flipping backwards out of the window and sending a web up to catch himself as he swings in to send one of the men flying, and knocks the gun out of the other man’s hand. ‘Come on, move it!’ he says to the students, ushering them forwards. ‘I’ll cover you, but you need to get off the school grounds.’
‘What is
One film later and Peter enters the common area with the now empty plate and spoon, putting them in the sink and heading straight for the freezer. He tries really hard to hold back his grin at the looks Bucky and Natasha are sending each other.
‘Not yet,’ he shakes his head. ‘Seems like most have managed to get out so far, but we’re stuck down here while there’s all the shooting going on. You know what their target is?’
‘Who me? I only get into trouble because of other people,’ he protests.
‘What if some of us prefer a more sedate pace?’ Strange argues.
‘Now,’ he sighs, ‘I suppose I should join in the revels and talk with the other rulers. And to think: once I actually desired all of this responsibility.’
Loki lets his Asgardian visage slip back into place and Tony sees realisation dawn on the alien’s face. ‘Well, well, so you did not perish as we thought, Asgardian. My master will be most disappointed.’
'Deadpool's been spotted in New York,' out of the corner of her eye she notices Peter look up from his book.
‘Yeah,’ he muses, leaning back against the railing and watching his boyfriend helping carry the larger tree. ‘But then I don’t get to sit back and stare at Steve using his muscles.’
‘FRIDAY would have told us.’
‘Loki?’ her voice is small and he can feel tears trailing down from his eyes to stop at her fingertips.
‘Nice save,’ Rhodey laughs from his chair.
‘Peter?’ Natasha’s voice is soft.
‘I know you’re covered in scars, Wade,’ Nick says, eye unwavering in its stare, ‘I also know how and why you got them. Ain’t no point in trying to hide them for long, you’re not going to make friends by hiding away.’
go and show off some Wakandan tech to my class?’ he mutters. ‘This trip is going to be hard enough without me getting favouritism from
what interns are supposed to do right?’
‘Really?’ she blinks up at him in surprise.
‘Get out of here!’ Tony shouts at him. ‘Get under cover. I’ll deal with this lot.’
‘Woah! What’s the rush?’ Betty asks.
‘What are you going to do?’
‘I always thought you were more old school than this,’ Tony comments when Steve pulls away, ‘I wasn’t expecting a kiss until at least date two.’
Tony and the rest of the team try to get the hostage situation under control.
we’ve averted the universe ending crisis?’ Steve suggests with a laugh, walking over to the bed and discarding his shirt along the way.
‘I take it you don’t really want me to answer that do you?’ the teenager asks.
‘I couldn’t sit and do nothing,’ he says, looking down at the carpet.
Bruce is laughing in relief. ‘Oh you guys are in trouble now!’
trying to convince them to go on a hunt?’
‘Yes sir.’
‘Jotuns!’ Loki roars. ‘On me!’ He moves forwards, his army moving to his rally cry as they form a living wall. ‘We need to create a barrier and slow those machines down. Combine your strength!’
‘Come on, Nat, we’ve done this enough times you know you can tell me what it is.’
Daredevil raises his hands in a sign of peace. ‘He asked for my help, I gave it to him.’
‘Do you care about him?’
As always here's your sneak peek:
‘Thank you, Miss Potts, always a pleasure to be of service,’ his AI responds.
He’d eventually convinced enough of the Council to have it changed, but they would be treading a fine line for a while. He almost wished there could be a New York style event just so he could prove his point.
Matt just shrugs. ‘Her heartbeat.’ Is all the answer Peter gets before the vigilante starts talking with Ned and MJ about his abilities.
Peter nods and places his hands into Strange’s, noticing the tremble in the doctor’s hands but deciding against mentioning it just yet.
‘No it isn’t. Not if you want your mouth to stay unwebbed,’ he grumbles.
Bucky shrugs, but at Steve’s raised eyebrow he sighs. ‘I don’t know if you noticed, Steve, but Tony’s been doing all of this alone.’
‘What is this, a ballet or something? Hurry it up already,’ Tony says, making sure it’s just loud enough for the soldiers to hear as he makes his way forwards.
‘Stevie,’ Bucky’s tone has an edge of warning to it, ‘I said I’ll go with him.’
he reminds himself as he straightens up.
The German representative cuts in before Ross can start a new tirade against him. ‘Because, Mr Stark, the injury puts into question the truth of your prediction.’ Tony just nods in acquiescence. ‘Now I would suggest a compromise: one more week. If James Barnes is not recovered by then he is handed into custody. Considering he was wrongfully accused before, I’d hate to be seen to be too harsh on him now, especially if he is nearly at the completion of his road of redemption. We, after all, want the world to be able to trust the Avengers will still look after them; I think showing that we allow redeemed characters to enter into their ranks will help with earning trust from the general public.’ She turns to the rest of the Council. ‘All in agreement raise their hands.’ Tony feels a smug smirk pulling at his face when only Ross doesn’t raise his hand. ‘The majority have it. One week, Mr Stark. And if James Barnes cannot demonstrate his ability to retain control of his mind then he will be taken into protective custody.’
‘Steve,’ Tony takes hold of his hands, stopping him from moving away, ‘I…I need to give you something. Can you get the reactor from my shirt?’
‘Alright,’ he nods, knowing when not to push his best friend, ‘but I want Nat to go with you both and be extraction.’
years.’
‘Stop jumping to conclusions and give Peter a chance to tell his side of the story,’ Wanda demands, ‘or I’ll knock both of you out!’
‘You know sometimes I think you pick arguments just for the hell of it,’ Steve grumbles as they enter their room, Tony pushes the door closed behind them and leans back against it, arms crossed over his chest.
. Have you all gone
‘Bring up the list of people in Captain Rumlow’s squad.’
‘It’s my fault he was taken,’ Peter lets the tears fall now. ‘And we had an argument before he was taken and I said some things I really wish I didn’t. Besides what kind of superhero would I be if I didn’t do something to help one of the most important people in my life? Even if all I can do is eliminate some areas of New York from where we need to search I’ll feel like I’ve done
‘Nat what’s…is this what I think it is?’ Peter looks up from the envelope with his name written on it in Natasha’s elegant writing.
much trouble.’
The man pauses and thinks, then narrows his eyes at Tony. ‘You promise to
‘Oh I don’t know,’ Deadpool replies, ‘I’d tap that ass any day.’
going to hunt endangered species!’
‘You bastard,’ Rhodes laughs.
‘Yeah Nick’s here for Yule and New Year. Said he had other places to be over Christmas,’ Tony responds, eyeing the goop attached to his fingers. ‘Are you sure this is looking alright, Lokes?’
‘Will you give me a goddamn minute? I’m trying to appreciate perfection here!’
‘Actually it was fairly obvious from the way he moves so confidently despite his disability that he must have some additional abilities,’ the trickster points out, ‘add to that the fact that he is far too well built for someone who is supposedly unable to see equipment well enough, and the way he is able to look at where you are even before you are speaking, not to mention-’
Deadpool looks between the two of them, then back at Nick, and finally at Tony; Tony gives him a small nod and the man sighs. ‘Alright, but don’t say I didn’t warn you.’ He pulls the mask off and Tony has to admit he has never seen anything quite so disturbing before in his life. The scars are horrifying, but mainly from the fact that there are so many and they appear to be irritated from the mask rather than because they look disgusting; Wade turns uncertain brown eyes towards him and he tries to cover his shock.
‘Yeah he mentioned that too,’ Natasha says, ‘and about how much you’re doing to help him get through it all. Steve’s confused as hell, T’Challa and I are finding it hilarious.’
Whatever Steve is about to say is cut off by the thundering sound of Thanos returning, along with the Titan’s roar.
‘It is a girl you’re seeing!’
‘Yeah so am I, Tin Can. But nothing is happening to my Baby Boy while I can do something about it.’ They both turn to look at the brown haired teen, currently laughing with Loki whilst Thor looks between them exasperated. ‘I think he’s purposefully making friends with people you’d rather he didn’t.’
Love always,
‘Pete we’re going to get out of this right?’ Ned mutters next to him, trying not to be overheard by their captors.
‘I don’t want to go back if we can’t all go,’ Steve places a hand on his friend’s shoulder. ‘Clint and Scott got back to their families and Wanda’s back with Vision. The rest of us can afford to wait and see.’
‘We’re revealing Ross’ involvement in HYDRA tomorrow,’ she answers, ‘and I can’t imagine the reaction is going to be pretty over with you.’
‘It’s not that simple,’ Wong interjects. ‘If he tells us too much we could end up on the wrong path and lose regardless.’
Clint, Tony, Bruce and Rhodey face an attack at the courtroom.
‘May I?’ a new voice asks as she watches Clint walk off.
‘You do know if you’d given me space I could have had the suit out right?’ he coughs around the dust from the explosion.
‘What’s happening?’ he asks.
‘All the bad guys too scared to deal with the Spider-Man now?’ Deadpool teases, listing up his mask just enough to let him eat one of the tacos he’d brought with him. It had taken them a while to get to the stage where the merc was comfortable enough to eat around Peter; he’d never asked if the scars covered more than just his face, nor what had happened to give him them. Deadpool was obviously not comfortable about them, so he avoided mentioning them as much as possible. Not that they phased him at all.
Tony really tried to find the correct answer, but it didn’t exist, there wasn’t anything right to say at that point. He screwed up, he freaked out instead of reflecting and then his head became too fuzzy to actually think. He opened the mouth and closed it right after, because he would have just made things worse.
It wasn't much, but Tony understood. Steve’s path to learn how expressing emotions, rather than repressing them, was still long, travailed. His selfless Alpha spent too much time thinking he couldn’t lean on people, he only had to protect them. He was showing them at least, while only a few years later he would’ve vented all the rage and frustration at the gym.
Humiliating. Yes, it was that. Not exciting. He should’ve felt embarrassed: Logan could smell his
“He said when we grow up, he’s gonna be Ned’s Alpha and mine,” his face became bright red, but he let his words out with no embarrassment. He sounded quite proud actually, and Tony recognized when Steve’s Alpha instincts kicked in, by the way he was looking at Peter.
“Sweet Omega, filled with hundreds of pure emotions,” he continued, the low growl became coaxing.
At that point of their lives, his bad dreams where full of people falling, and falling again, and he was so helpless that he always woke up in the middle of them feeling at the edge of a panic attack.
Both of them turned their heads to the little Omega who was scrunching his nose, looking at them basically disgusted. That was still a good reaction at least: the first time Mary caught them making out, her Alpha instincts made her try to assault Steve as if he was hurting her Omega parent. Then, for a week, she drew her family putting the big Alpha in the very corner of the papers, far away from the two Omegas he had to protect.
“Yes!” Tony squeaked, at the same time as Steve asked, “We?” with a smug grin painted on his lips, never letting go of his Omega.
“We were there, you and me, and all the other Avengers. There were hundreds of us, faces I couldn’t recognize, fighting by our side,” his arm tightened around his waist, his lips placed a kiss on the top of his head. Tony paid him back kissing him under his ear, stroking his hair to comfort him.
“Sweet, perfect Omega,” he murmured, nuzzling at Tony’s cheek, squeezing his ass, while his mate got to work on his neck, nibbling and licking to the soft spot. Steve rocked his hips, pressing against Tony’s own hard flesh, and they both moaned loudly, like two horny teenagers that couldn’t control their instincts.
“I know you aren't taking me seriously,” his husband continued, pressing his chin onto his sternum, to look into the Alpha’s eyes, “but I’m really mad”
To keep himself awake, his slid his fingers through Steve’s hair, playing with them. “Tell me what’s botherin’you first,” he slurred a little, collapsing with his head on Steve’s shoulder.
. Mary is proving to be as smart as him, and one day they’ll be as brilliant as you… It made me recall the other day, when she asked me about the millennium problems, and in less than an hour she already knew more than me”
One of Steve’s blonde locks fell as he leaned over to growl in Tony’s ear, and it brushed the Omega’s cheek, but it felt more like a slap, enough to bring him back to reality and remember how to breathe. He gasped Steve’s name, or maybe Alpha, sucking in a breath, eyes fluttering and going wide as Steve’s hand let go of his neck, making him feel empty, suddenly cold and shivering.
“I need Jason Momoa’s number. Steve and I didn’t have any fight, why would you think - Listen Pep, light of my life, I need his number, please just do me a favor? But I am asking nicely -
“At you,” Steve’s voice was final, leaving no room for confusion or misunderstanding. He cupped Tony’s cheeks, gently, he didn’t force the Omega to look back at him but he did, and Steve kissed him on the lips. Tony wrinkled his nose but kissed his Alpha anyway, digging his fingers in Steve’s biceps and using them as a lift when he raised on tiptoes.
Steve held his breath: he wasn’t afraid of his daughter per se, but he really, really didn’t want to sleep alone that night, with the only idea of a squirming, trembling Omega in his arms.
“You threatened me to raise our son with another man? Another Alpha?” Steve roared the words on his ear, and the he held his breath when the Alpha put a possessive hand at the back of his neck, the eyes sliding dark blue.
He decided to play it cool, and even if he couldn’t focus on what Steve told Logan after a quick handshake, or what the kids where doing together, he nodded in Logan’s direction when he supposed the Alpha’s eyes landed on him for a second. He didn’t know when he put down Mary, she might even have asked him to do so, but almost every sound reduced to nothing but a background noise.
Steve tried to ignore the tightness in his pants; as badly as he wanted to bend his Omega over the nearest surface and resume the previous night activities, for the sake of his marriage he forced himself to settle. Bucky’s method was dangerous, having Tony’s pliant in his arms was making him forget he had somewhat hurt his Omega.
Steve rolled his eyes up, and Bucky pointed the spoon toward him.
“At myself, mostly, I suppose. I’m just kind of annoyed, no big deal really. Just tiring. You should get back to make dinner, don’t you have mouths to feed? Go forage for our supper or, whatever”
“Not smart enough?” Tony interjected again, and Steve nodded uncertain. They pressed their front together, one breathing the air of the other.
“Yes, I did. I’m a master strategist, I’ve planned to get you mad just to make you remember how good I am at removing shirts and do declarations of love,” he joked too, easing the atmosphere.
“Fine,” Steve finally said, opening his arms exasperated.
“Nevertheless, he gets kisses every day: by me, by you and Mary, sometimes even by aunt Tasha and uncle Bucky. Oh, we aren’t supposed to know the last thing, so keep acting like you don’t when Bucky’s here. Or don’t, if they feel their Alphaness threatened because we know they kiss each other, that’s their problem,” a cough interrupted Tony’s rambling, who smiled and continued.
Suddenly he was straightening Tony up, manhandling him a bit, giving him more room between his own body and the shelf. He kept the hands on him though, not ready to break contact yet.
Holding the Omega in his arms, worried about whatever was going through his mind, insecure if he could talk about it, if it was okay to let his Alpha know… It made Steve feeling as if they didn’t get even one step forward. But that thought lasted only a mere blink of an eye, because they did, didn’t they?
“Hmmm,” Steve murmured in response, nudging again with his nose against Tony’s cheek.
“We need to talk,” Tony announced.
He found his body with his hands, it was warm and real, he was also able to hear a little snoring that sounded more like purrs. But without the light of the arc reactor, all he was able to thought was that something was really wrong with Tony. He felt danger, and he didn’t like it at all. Even less when he reached Tony’s chest, and there were only scars.
“You’re making cute faces, Omega” Steve rumbled content, rubbing noses again.
«When I didn’t see the light, I thought… Thought that you were in danger.» Steve sighed and reached for Tony’s hand, to interlace their fingers.
Jesus Christ, Steve developed a thing for exhibitionism, and he showed it off rarely, but when he did…Tony might need a change of denims later, considering the warm rush of slick that coated the tops of his thighs. He held his breath and clutched his ass tightly, while he should’ve stopped his Alpha, but after the two wonderful days they spent together, his body wasn’t following his mind.
“Get Peter. Then…us,” he repeated in a hoarse voice, hardly, testing each word.
Slowly, they brush also their lips together, not really kissing, just to feel the closeness of each other. Their eyes were open, clear sky-blue mirroring into caramel brown, communicating in a way only they could understand.
The Omega
«Yes, thank you. Tomorrow sweetheart, I can hear your gears working already.» Steve giggled a little and Tony rolled his eyes at him.
Tony couldn’t blame her, of course. He felt safe too, wrapped in his Alpha’s arms. They were there for him. Being hold by Steve made him feel like the Omega he was, in a deeper, more intimate way than anything else. It was a bad thing at the beginning, the thought coming from a remote part of his head, and his stomach twisted a little in discomfort.
“Oh my god,” Tony exhaled, before Steve had a chance to finish his sentence. His eyes widened as he glanced at Bucky, then he found his mate’s gaze and his mouth opened in the most stunning smile he had, the one that created little wrinkles at the corners of his eyes.
The Omega buried his face again in Steve’s neck and nodded, still stroking his fingers over the Alpha’s muscles. “’m fine,” words muffled by his position, but Steve already knew it, anyway. “You smell good,” he mewled, stroking his lips against Steve’s skin, making the Alpha groan, his eyes falling shut.
Steve turned around in that moment, with the biggest smile on his face, that it rapidly became a furrowed expression.
His Omega was excited, and Steve released a low rumble of approval from his chest.
Tony finished to dress and stomped to the kitchen of the Tower’s common floor. He decided long time ago to use the common floor, not only because the rest of the Avengers gathered around there, but also because he had a valid excuse to walk. It didn’t matter that most of the time he had Steve carry him all the way down. Anyway, that particular morning he wanted to make everybody hear his unhappy, heavy steps.
He continued cutting the vegetables with a soft smile on the lips, letting Tony adjusting behind him, his arms tight around Steve’s waist. The Omega got up on tiptoes and rubbed his nose against the back of his neck, breathing deeply, then rested his forehead a little lower, and sighed absent-mindedly. Someone needed comfort from his Alpha, and Steve didn’t bother him until he settled and was content with his position, enjoying patiently the sweet touches, rumbling quietly in return.
“Hey,” he breathed, turning his head to face the door. He was too startledand tired to elaborate something more, as he should’ve, since Captain America was looking at him as if he found a beautiful oasis in the middle of the desert, with the brightest smile over an exhausted expression.
Their soft and watery chuckles eased all the weights on their shoulder, and they returned to kissing and cuddling on the floor of their bedroom, with the fruit of their true love still asleep and safe in both his dads’ arms.
Steve’s hand pressed on the back of his neck, and Tony found himself unable to look away from his deep blue eyes, suddenly conscious of everything: of every breath, in and out, of every heartbeat pulsing incredibly loud, of the hot burn centered low in his belly and of the inevitable damp sensation between his legs.
“It means–”
JARVIS turned down the lights as the two parents exited their children’s bedroom, and when Tony didn’t hear Steve’s steps behind him anymore, he turned around to look up at him. The Alpha was resting his hand on the door handle, a lovely smile on his lips.
Alpha and Omega were pet names, yet also so much more: they were statements, promises and declarations of love. They used them as much as they could, through low, sweet whispers and shouts of blissful excitement
“That would be the third one. This month only” Considered Natasha, without even trying to hide the amusement note in her voice.
,” Steve forced the word out, his hands leaving their favorite place to land on Tony’s hips.
“I doubt it,” he muffled, having his mouth filled in with his breakfast. He was eating his usual huge number of pancakes, bacon and a spinach omelette, but instead of having a quiet breakfast, he was devouring the food as if they attacked him personally.
Only a beat later, Tony closed the distance between them, removing his shirt and tossing it on a dresser. His previous panic already forgotten, replaced by the need to quiet his child and support his worried husband before a complete meltdown.
“Noo,” Peter giggled, like his dad was really silly. Then he halted, looking up again with a questioning look. “Do aliens play music? Could we join their bands?”
Steve rubbed noses with the sweet Omega in a fond motion, waiting for Tony’s lungs to fill with some air again, and when he rumbled in his ear, he felt his mate melting against his body, purring until the Alpha bent to devour him again.
“Oh, can I date him when we grow up?” Wade asked, stopping right before entering the jet, at a safe distance from them.
«I know, but, uhm…. You got used to its light. I’ll think about something to help, ‘kay?» Tony slurred the last word.
Now he gets the opportunity to just swing through the streets, his mind clearing with every stretch of his muscles and the wind rushing past his ears. He finds a rooftop in one of the less busy areas to take a break.
‘And a pain in the ass,’ Rhodes pipes up.
Tony scowls at her. ‘I had a brief look at the weapons on the way back and the kid was right, definitely modified alien tech. Not well done though. Where is Peter anyway?’ he looks around the other occupants of the room.
‘I thought this was supposed to emulate a real fight as much as possible?’
‘I’m telling her you said that,’ Peter grins, then heaves a sigh. ‘This is what you guys didn’t understand. I literally have to watch
‘What kind of situation?’ Steve asks.
‘I’m feeling magnanimous,’ he shrugs. ‘How long do you need?’
‘Here,’ Natasha shows him the site location which she’d got Pepper to send through. ‘We’ve contacted the dig, apparently there was a cave in where the four of them were left. They’re trying to dig a way through now, but no one knows why it happened.’
‘Two more weeks, that’s all I’m asking,’ Tony says facing the Council, representatives from different countries all looking at him with raised eyebrows. ‘We are so close to being able to give him a clean bill of health. Two more weeks and I guarantee you can add the Winter Soldier to the Avengers roster.’
‘I made it whilst I was experimenting with my Jotun abilities,’ he explains as Thor takes the ice figurine out of the box. ‘I’ve placed a spell on it so it will never melt and, well I thought it would be an ideal gift for you.’
for help
‘Send me the schematics,’ Hammer snaps, ‘or the next time you see your friend he’ll have a hole in his head as well as his chest.’
Peter and Ned get saved from bullies by Bucky and Sam, and the two are not happy that their youngest team member has been trying to cope alone. They make Peter tell Tony, which the young Spider is not too happy about.
(See the end of the chapter for
He’s not sure why, but a part of him feels a twinge of excitement at the possibility of spending some more time with the nutjob. Though he’s not sure what Mr Stark would think of his new friendship.
‘What about Vision?’
‘He was the smartest prince the land had ever seen, smarter even than his father, but he was also kind and always wanted to help the people of the kingdom.’
‘Yeah but it tastes better when it’s done by hand.’
“My beloved,” Steve interrupted, gently placing a hand on Tony’s cheek. “You owe me no excuse. I would still love you, till the end of my days, if you blessed me with nothing more than your friendship; I would give everything I possess to forever find you happy and by my side.” A soft peck on his lips, and Steve straightened, adjusting his robes and pointing his chin towards the door, a boyish smile on his face. “Time to go celebrate your success, my beautiful knight.”
“Steve, Steve, ah- my liege, hold on, please.”
To this the satyr answered, “I laughed, Knight, not at the dead child, but at the so-called father, to whom the child in the coffin was no kin at all, and I laughed at the priest singing the office, who was the real father. Wouldn’t you have laughed, had you known that the mother of the child had carried on an affair with the priest?'
Steve slumped against the wall of the elevator, feeling as though every muscle in his body was aching.
Tony was blushing harder than Steve had ever seen him, and frankly it was both adorable and heartbreaking.
She didn’t seem to mind his uncourteous reply, appearing instead pleased by his turn of phrase.
Tony pursed his lips. “I’ve never been able to sleep well alone, so growing up I used to nap with people around to make noise: it was the kitchen growing up, with Ana and Jarvis cooking and chatting, and then at MIT it was either Rhodey’s room or the labs. It got worse after Afghanistan,” Tony continued, unconsciously rubbing at the arc reactor, and Steve tightened his arms around him in silent support. “In the cave there was never a second of silence, so I got used to the noise. When I came back, the stillness put me on edge. So I started sleeping in the lab, where the bots could keep me company. But then you guys came along, and then we started to sleep together, so I didn’t need the noise anymore. But sometimes it just… happens.”
“Never with another man, or…”
They did not yet know that such peacefulness wouldn’t last.
That would be the sweetest revenge of all.
When they found her parents to still be alive, they greatly rejoiced, and quickly dispatched ambassadors to King Howard and to Maria his wife, and to the three sisters of Antonia, to tell them how she was now the wife of a king.
“I wanted to talk to you, Sir Anthony, in hopes of discovering if your fame has merit. And now, looking at your fair face and hearing such warm and passionate words, I can’t help but rejoice in the knowledge that the rumors were true.” Deborah softly placed a hand on his arm, giving it just the barest hint of a squeeze in a poorly disguised attempt to feel the hardness of his muscles.
Yet she knew her own worth. She did not need to marry to be happy, she did not need a husband to fulfill her dreams, and her father did not need an alliance with a mere Marquis.
Now, looking at her reflection in the water, she could barely recognize herself. She had always been built like a fighter rather than a princess, with strong muscles which were the result of a lifetime of training, but with all of her feminine features hidden and abandoned she no longer looked like a woman at all, taking instead the appearance of a strong, if young, man.
Steve tried not to groan in despair as the messenger delivered news of Lady Deborah’s demand of an audience with him. The von Schmidts had spent years pushing him to agree to a marriage between the lady and himself, but he would have sooner gouged out his own eyes than taken Deborah as his bride.
“I beg your forgiveness, my lady. You seem to know my name, but I’m afraid that the gift of hearing yours has yet to be bestowed upon me.”
At first, it was fairly normal.
“Ah, but Your Majesty,” drawled the satyr, “you demand so many answers, and yet offer so little rewards. My people know many secrets, King Steve: seeing the truth where men spread lies is but one of the many gifts which Mother Nature bestowed upon us. And when yesterday your knight spoke of liberation, there still was truth inside his heart, but not the same could be said for you, my lord.”
“Yup. You’re small, cute, you nap everywhere…”
When Tony’s mouth had joined his fingers in their exploring, Steve had almost soiled his pants like a lad who had yet to be touched for the first time. But that only seemed to please Tony, who could not quite manage to bite back a groan of arousal, and Steve’s reactions gave him enough confidence to begin lavishing Steve’s body with his tongue.
“Captain, I must inform you that Sir has fallen asleep in his lab after being awake for 52 hours and 11 minutes. It would be better for you to reach him as soon as possible, since his position is quite… precarious.”
“Damn,” he finally choked out, smiling happily, “since when are you this suave?”
With a sigh, Antonia grabbed her discarded shirt and begrudgingly dressed herself once again, not bothering with anything more than her sleeping shirt and pants. She glanced down at her body, and found the shirt loose enough to cover some her curves. The girl probably wouldn’t pay enough attention to notice anything amiss, especially not in the dimly lit room.
“My liege,” she began, only to snap her mouth shut at Steve’s thunderous gaze.
They were in bed, Steve leaning on the headboard with Tony in his lap, sleepily making out. After a while, Tony pulled back, letting them both catch their breath, and looked down at Steve. “Why do you like carrying me around so much?”
Shaking herself from such thoughts, Antonia continued her journey towards the wood in which the satyrs dwelled. She had read much on the subject of those creatures in her youth, and she knew what their weakest points would be, if all went according to plan.
Antonio bowed deeply, offering Steve a warm smile as he straightened.
Raising to his feet, he squared his shoulders and looked down at Antonia, who immediately dropped her gaze to the floor. Her shoulders were hunched, her posture reverent and afraid, all things which Antonio had never been.
Steve froze in the doorway, at a loss for words.
“Sir Antonio, do you deny such facts?”
“I’m not ready for you to touch me,” Tony had said, “but I want to… I want to feel you.”
But this was not a theory he was willing to test.
He was thankful that no one was there to judge his ridiculous lovesick expression as he carried Tony to their room.
Nine months later, the queen bore Howard another princess, a beautiful little girl whom the queen welcomed with an affection as warm as that she had given to her other three children. But the king was not as well pleased with the unexpected arrival of this last heir, not on account of any dislike for the child herself, but because, with his kingdom divided and given away, he feared that there would be no dowry sufficient for his fourth daughter to win her a marriage worthy of a princess. Nevertheless, he handed over the child to the care of his trusted servants Jarvis and Ana, who were to act as the child’s tutors, and ordered for her to be raised as her other sisters had been.
The man kneeled gracefully, placing his hand on his breastplate in a show of respect, and stood again.
No sleep came to her that night.
“My liege,” Tony said, voice rough with desire. “I would desire nothing more than for us to continue this encounter. My heart and soul will always belong to you, Steve, my love.”
Steve’s expression morphed into confusion, quickly followed by hurt, and Antonia had to call upon every fiber of her self-control not to drop onto her knees right then and there, but Steve would want to reciprocate, and Antonio wasn’t really Antonio, and-
After the sun had finally set, in the privacy of her own quarters Antonia set to the task of removing her clothes. The servants had heated a basin of water at her request, leaving it inside her bedchamber, and she was eager to put it to use before it lost all its warmth, already enjoying the mere idea of scrubbing away all the grime staining her skin and of finding relief from the soreness of her tired muscles. The life of a knight was not one without hard work, she supposed, and she
“Tony…” he began, but held his tongue as he attempted to give voice to his feelings, “I know that I have given you my word, and promised you that I would wait until the end of time for you to allow me the gift of your love. Yet while that still holds true, ever since our encounter my heart has yearned for naught but the sweetness of your lips upon mine.”
Therefore, with pain in his eyes and sorrow weighing hard on his heart, Steve turned towards his beloved knight.
But Antonia had been unexpected, and thus deprived of such a chance.
Steve smiled, a brilliant thing that seemed to light up the entire room, appearing to Tony almost as bright as the sun.
“I laughed then at the sight of a thousand or more thieves, who had robbed the public purse of crowns by the million, standing in the piazza to feast their eyes upon the sight of a poor boy led to his execution, a lad who had stolen ten coins to buy bread for himself and his poor children. That was why I laughed.”
The reason for such a gathering soon became evident when the king himself appeared upon a balcony in view of the whole piazza, smiling and waving at his people. It seemed as though this was a daily occurrence, Antonia noted with intrigue, looking around to the cheering crowds as the king bid them goodbye. The people soon dispersed, flowing back into their homes before night came, as though they had all been waiting for their king’s blessing before finding their way to their beds.
“If you speak word of this,” she threatened, pressing more firmly against the girl’s neck as her sobs became louder, “I will cut your tongue out with this same knife.”
He finally raised his head to look at his knight.
She glanced between Steve and Antonio, disgust flashing in her face, before she continued. “Every person in your kingdom is well aware of their king's longing for companionship, and of his close relationship with his most beloved knight. Rumors spread so fast, don’t they? What will the people say when said knight is publicly accused of such deplorable acts, and then refused an honorable quest to clear his name – a quest that, might I add, would greatly help the citizens of this realm – because his life is found to be more valuable to his king than the honor of a wronged maiden and the safety of those plagued by the satyrs?”
Steve internally frowned. Never before had Deborah asked for a private audience, and there was something about her attitude that bothered him. She appeared to be concerned, yet simultaneously far too pleased with herself, an expression which seemed even more worrisome when coupled with her unusual request.
Antonia followed in his wake, desperately trying to ignore the wetness between her legs.
Tony was a busy man, and between being a superhero, leading a multi-billion company and designing new gear for his teammates it wasn’t unusual for him to overwork himself until his body couldn’t keep up and he fell asleep on the spot.
Tony did not reply immediately, eyes fixed onto Steve’s face as if looking for something. Whatever it was, the knight must have found it, because his shoulders (hers? Steve asked himself,) dropped in defeat.
The girl yelled out in shock, flailing wildly. One of her arms hit the table in Antonia’s chambers, sending a vase onto the floor, the sound of it shattering echoing loudly inside the room.
And it so happened that such rumors reached the ears of one of Steve’s potential suitors, a rich maiden by the name of Deborah. She had been courting Steve since she had come of age, and while the king of Brooklyn was powerful enough not to need an alliance with her, their two families had a long history of conflicts that their fathers had tried to mend, and a marriage between them had been discussed from the day they had been born.
With a laugh, Antonia kissed her king as she took Steve’s hand in hers, and together they walked out into the world.
Steve was filled with such a strong wave of relief that he had to close his eyes to keep himself under control. Tony, his beautiful, clever, loyal Tony, truly was innocent. He should have never doubted it.
“My liege,” Antonio said, kneeling in front of Steve as gracefully as ever, “your wish has been fulfilled.” And, stepping aside, he presented to the king the satyr, who, immediately after laying his eyes upon Deborah, laughed again, and so loud and long was his laughter that all those who were present were left not a little astonished.
“Sir is currently on the common floor, Captain. I have taken the liberty to reroute the elevator.”
Recognition flashed in Antonia’s eyes. Steve had told her all about Lady Deborah, who was supposed to one day become Steve’s wife… and whom Steve despised with a passion. He had described her as “displeasing” on more than one occasion, Antonia remembered suddenly, hiding her smirk by bending down and placing the breath of a kiss on the back of Deborah’s hand.
Steve sat heavily down onto his bed, scrubbing his face with his hands. He suddenly looked much older than he truly was, his broad shoulders tense as though they carried far too much weight upon them, and the tired lines of his face only serving to deepen the angry set of his mouth.
Another moment of hesitation. “I would prefer not to say, my lord.”
“King Rogers! My lord, it has been too long since our last encounter!”
Steve agreed with a nod, albeit still feeling vaguely confused.
Antonia glanced down at where Deborah’s hand was resting on her arm. She thought of Steve, her king and best friend, with his beautiful smile and his strong, gentle hands, and slowly stepped back to let the lady’s arm fall from where it was touching her.
With haste, they asked for the satyr to be brought some good food and some wine, and together they sat outside his cell.
Steve grinned, choosing to lean up for another kiss instead of answering. When they parted again, he asked, “And why do you fall asleep in so many weird places?”
“Silence.” He ordered. “I will not hear another word to come out of your mouth. Follow me.”
Antonia blanched, eyes flitting from Steve to Deborah and back. Of all things she had feared would come from the previous night’s events, she had not expected
The girl nodded, tears finally spilling from her eyes. “Thank you, Sir, thank you, I…”
Steve had never been a perfect man, but he had always been a just one.
“Yes, milady.”
“Guards,” Steve barked, making them stand at attention, “one of you, bring Sir Tony here, with haste.”
Just as such thoughts left his mind, Antonio burst through the doors, breathing heavily and looking disheveled, as though he had just left his workshop to run to the throne room. He was wearing nothing but a short-sleeved garment that showed off his muscular arms, glistening with sweat, and some loose pants tied in place with a simple belt. There was a trace of black coal on his cheek, and had he been any closer to Steve, the king would have yearned to wipe it away.
And after a few weeks, the king publicly proclaimed his love for Antonia, and made her his wife in the presence of all the nobles and knights.
liked his art.
He turned around and smiled at Clint. “A cat got me,” he said.
As the satyr woke, the fates which control the life of each man at last began to turn a benevolent eye towards our heroine, for as she made her way home, a few peculiar incidents happened as follows: during their travels, Antonia and the satyr crossed ways with a weeping father, who was going to bury his dead child, and the singing priest, who conducted the service; when he looked upon this spectacle the satyr began to laugh mightily. Afterwards, when they had entered the city and reached the town square, the satyr saw a great crowd of nobles who were staring open-mouthed at the poor boy who had just mounted the gallows to be hanged by the executioner, and the satyr laughed even louder than he had laughed before. And afterwards, when they were almost inside the palace, the crowd standing by erupted into cheers, and they all cried out, 'Antonio! Antonio!'
In the months following her coming of age, Antonia was sought in marriage by many gentlemen, amongst whom was Tiberius, the son of the Marquis of Stanfield.
She sobbed, once, and darted forwards to wrap her arms around Antonia’s body.
Tony smiled at him, raising his hand to softly caress Steve’s cheek. Steve turned his head to place a kiss upon his palm, closing his eyes as he basked in his love’s affection.
All subjects brought forward by the most learned masters would be readily apprehended by her in turn. By the time Antonia was twelve years of age, she had already learned to sing, to dance, to play the piano, and to perform every one of those accomplishments which are proper for a princess, and in which her own mother excelled.  But, not content with these graces, Antonia gave herself also to the study of the sciences, her father’s most favored subject, which proved to be a great source of delight for her, so much so that she would often spend over her experiments not merely the day, but the night as well.
Steve had been in the process of removing his undergarments when a harried servant had burst into the room to inform him that a knight was requesting an audience, expressing a wish to receive shelter and hospitality for the night.
“Yes, Captain?”
“Ah,” said the satyr, a grin twisting his face, “I fear that I am too tired to answer any more of your questions now, but come back tomorrow, and then I will answer you and tell you what you so wish to know.”
The king bent down to press a soft kiss on Tony’s curls, whispering back a similar greeting.
The next morning, in the common kitchen, a shirtless Steve stumbled into the room.
Antonio slowly stopped and turned around, a confused frown upon his brow. He quickly schooled his features to a more appropriate smile.
She was looking for something specific amidst the woods, craning her head around to find… yes, there it was! A small clearing surrounded by a circle of trees, the ground freshly marked with hoofprints. She took a copper bucket and began to fill it with white wine drawn from the cask, and this she poured into the metal basket she had carried with her. Next, she took some of the bread, and, having broken it in pieces, put these into the basket full of wine.
That night, as he pleasured himself with his own hand, Steve resolutely did not think of a bright smile and a soft face beaming at him, just as he didn’t imagine a soft moan of “thank you, my liege” being whispered in his ear as he came undone.
“I know, my love, and I do not mind. Will you just let me hold you, tonight?”
She washed herself methodically, eyes gazing into nothingness, the now cold water offering little help in calming her thoughts.
“My request,” Deborah said, unable to keep the glee from her voice, “is that Antonio be sent on a quest to find a satyr. Sir Antonio, your faithful and devoted servant, is strong and vigorous enough in body, and daring and courageous enough in soul, to go and capture for you one of these satyrs, and to bring him back to you alive, without calling on anyone else to aid him. If he were to succeed, he would prove his virtue to be true, and be granted the honors he so clearly deserves. And if he were to fail, he would still prove than in every moment till death his loyalty lies with his king, and his sacrifice would repay this maiden’s lost honor.”
“I’m one of Lady Deborah’s servants, I have… I was told to come and find you.”
improper. Save those tears for tomorrow, when we appear in front of the king.”
“Antonio, the diligence with which you have fulfilled my dearest wish brings you great honor on this day.” He said, standing from his throne. “Let everyone present remember your valor, and know that by completing this quest you have earned the highest degree of my affection and esteem. Now, let’s bring the creature to his cell, and let’s rejoice in Sir Antonio’s success!”
“Hey,” he said, nudging Tony's face up to meet his gaze, “no one minds you sleeping around the tower. Especially not me.”
Steve only had eyes for Tony, and Tony for him. Without a word, Steve took him by the arm and led him to his chambers.
For a long, suspended instant, neither of them moved: Antonia was standing by the door, her mind still reeling, while the girl was kneeling on the floor, her bare body on display.
, and she opened the door just enough to see who was on the other side. The young maid, a girl who looked no older than sixteen, quickly lowered her head in respect, her hands clasped before her, her grip so tight Antonia was sure it had to hurt.
It all came to an end one night.
Steve too was taken aback by it, but the relief he felt at the sight of Tony was strong enough that all worries left his mind.
“That’s– of course, Lady Deborah. I would gladly help you.” Steve stumbled over his words, thrown off balance by the turn of events. There was a heavy feeling in his stomach, the sour taste of incoming danger that had been so often useful in the field of battle: he dismissed it, thinking it was naught but the horror he felt at this newfound discovery.
Antonia rose to her feet, offering her hand to the young girl and helping her to her feet once she was dressed again.
“I am tired of hiding, my liege. I did not lie when I said that my heart belonged to you, now and forever. As long as you will remain by my side, I care not for other people’s thoughts.”
Steve’s eyebrows shot upwards at that, surprise and horror clear on his face. Deborah bit back a laugh and continued.
“Ah,” the AI said, suddenly understanding, “it is the first time Sir has done this since your relationship has started. I apologize for not realizing sooner, as I have been used to it my entire life.”
Antonia returned her attention towards the crying girl in front of her.
Alas, my wonderful readers, thus ends our story.
“My lord...” she began, but her voiced wavered dangerously and thus she fell silent, instead unclasping her hands and shakily reaching behind her neck, loosening the strings which held her dress.
“I found her after the deed, and demanded to know what had happened. The poor girl told me, and I made promise to her of bringing her justice. I stand before you on this day to denounce the perpetrator of such deplorable acts.”
She didn’t need to add much else. Even the dullest of servants – nevermind a knight like Antonio – would understand clearly that the lady’s advances stemmed not from her desire for his well-being, but from her desire for
Tony laughed as they tumbled on the bed.
Rumlow bowed gratefully and quickly left the corridor, leaving only a few wardens to assist the king and his knight.
“Very well, Antonio of Manhattan, it is my pleasure to grant you hospitality here in my court, with no other duty laid upon you than to prove yourself worthy of calling me your liege, if you so desire.”
“No, my liege. The girl offered herself to me, but I refused her.”
Fate truly had a funny way of weaving men’s destiny, she mused. She ran from her kingdom to escape being bound to a man only to willingly give herself to another, and now her honor was at risk of being lost because of a devious lie.
The knight would surely plead his innocence, but if word of such events were to leave the castle his reputation would greatly suffer. And King Steve would have to demand proof of his knight’s innocence, which Antonio would not be able to give, or be forced to punish his vassal in a manner chosen by the offended party, as was the norm in such cases.
A beat of silence, then a timid voice came from the other side of the door.
Steve frowned. Why would Tony be in the common room? He was alone in the tower.
“You called, my liege?” Antonio asked, after a quick bow to both Steve and the lady, his movements faltering when he caught sight of the girl.
Steve smiled at the ceiling. “Thanks, JARVIS. Where is he?”
“My lord, in this and in everything else your wish is my command. But, before I commit myself to this dangerous task, I beg you, my lord, that you will allow me two things. Firstly, I ask for a large metal basket, of the same size as those used by the servants to carry laundry, to be taken into the woods where the satyrs dwell. And along with this I would take with me a large cask of good white wine, the best that can be had and the strongest, together with two bags full of the finest white bread.”
Steve stared at her, kneeling and begging at his feet, for a long time. There was a painful wound inside his soul, the place where his trust in his beloved Tony used to reside, and which now had been left torn open and empty. He wanted to be angry, to scream, to cry. He wanted to get up and leave Antonia there, begging and desperate on the floor, just to let her feel the same pain he was feeling... but he could not.
Not plagued by any worries, they dressed themselves – or Steve’s did, as Tony had not removed much clothing – and made sure to appear presentable before making their way outside the room.
But when Antonia came to a marriageable age, her father, finding that he had now neither the land nor the gold required to secure a marriage with someone equal to her status, despaired that his daughter would not be able to marry.
“Why,” said the treacherous lady, immediately taking a more somber tone, “fate would have it that it is not such a pleasant matter which brought me to your court on such a lovely day as this. You must forgive my audacity, your majesty, but I feel as though a private audience would be better suited to the matters at hand.”
You would have found, my dearest readers, that Antonia had not been long up in the tree before the satyrs, who had smelt the scent of the fragrant wine, began to draw near the buckets, and having come close to them, each one rejoiced and drank a good bellyful of wine, greedier than hungry wolves. And after they had filled their stomachs and taken enough, they laid down to sleep, and so sound and deep was their drunken slumber that all the noise in the world would not have roused them.
A chorus of cheers erupted from everyone present, with the exception of Deborah, who looked as though she had been made to swallow a toad. No one paid any mind to her, as the guards took charge of detaining the satyr and the servants rushed to prepare the great hall for a feast in honor of the king’s knight.
Removing her helm, Antonia smiled at the king. “Your majesty, I have made my way here from the Kingdom of Manhattan, a journey of many months. My name is Antonio, and I was lately a knight in service to King Howard of Manhattan. On this day, I am but a kingless knight looking for a new liege. I yearn to prove myself, and I pledge to serve any lord deserving of my sword and life with all the faith and devotion I can.”
And while Antonia was on her way back, with the satyr tightly bound behind her, they came at nightfall to a village not far from the city, and the creature, who by this time had recovered from the effects of the wine, woke up and began to yawn as if he were rising from his bed.
She might have underestimated her opponent, but Deborah as well had severely misjudged Antonia’s abilities. A mistake that she was sure to pay dearly for.
“I see no reason for a private audience, Lady Deborah. The only people present in this room are you, myself, my guards, and my trusted advisor,” he pointed out, sharing a worried glance with Sam, his Chief General. “I have nothing to hide from them.”
The mission was supposed to be simple: get in, grab the data, get out. But once inside, Steve had found himself alone and outnumbered, and, for once, Hydra had put up a good fight.
“Good,” Deborah said, pleased. “Now go, I have no need for you until morning. And stop crying, will you? It is
The king had to take a second to collect himself, distracted as he was by the man’s unexpected beauty, and immediately felt ashamed of his own building desire, speechless as he traced the knight’s face with his eyes.
Steve stood back a little, eyes flitting between Tony’s eyes and his mouth. When Tony didn’t give voice to his thoughts, Steve dove in for another kiss. Tony moaned and returned it in kind, but froze when Steve moved with the intention of palming at his crotch. Panicked, he grabbed Steve’s hand, stilling it before it could reach his body.
Tony grinned, looking predatory. “Oh, I’ll show you who’s small and cute, Rogers.”
Her weapons and armor were of much higher quality than those forged by any other hand in Steve’s kingdom, an advantage which, coupled with her fine abilities, made her a dangerous foe for any opponent and allowed her to partake in many adventures to quench her thirst for knowledge and honor.
alliance. This man is the best suitor we’ve received at court since your coming of age, and he is willing to accept you with no dowry and no land to your name. Your mother and I believe that you should accept his offer.”
Upon entering the city, she couldn’t help but admire its beauty: the superb buildings, the straight and wide avenues, the aqueduct providing the city with running water, the colorful markets, and the flow of people along the road. Rarely in her travels had she stumbled upon such a beautiful city. Moving through the streets, paying little heed to the stares and whispers that followed in her wake, she suddenly found herself in the city square. Raising her eyes, she was met with the sight of the king’s palace, a tall, imposing building, adorned with columns of the finest marble, shining like a jewel over the crowd standing in its shadow.
Instead, he held his silence, gathered his wits, straightened up to his full height, and nodded at the newcomer.
As time went on, and as Howard’s daughters grew and blossomed into beautiful women, it became clear to the king that Maria had reached such an age where she would no longer bear him another child, and that their three daughters were ready for marriage. Therefore, he gave the three princesses in wedlock to their most beloved suitors, and at the same time he divided his kingdom into three parts, which he gave as dowry to each of his daughters, only keeping for himself as much as he judged necessary for sustaining himself and his court.
Antonio chose to ignore him, carrying on. “Now I want to know, Satyr, why did you laugh even louder when we reached the town square?”
There was no reply from the other side of the door. Antonia walked towards it, but paused once her hand went to turn the key. Stepping backwards, she hurried to grab the knife which she kept hidden underneath her pillow, slipping it behind her back as she moved towards the entrance.
“State you name, outsider, and the reasons for your visit.”
Antonia was silent for a long moment, carefully mulling over her father's words. She had known, ever since she was but a child, that this day would come. The day where her accomplishments, her studies, and her very own self would no longer be enough to protect her status and her independence. She was the daughter of a king, but her father had nothing to offer in an alliance, the better part of his lands and money already given to her sisters, who, thanks to their father’s riches, had been able to choose their own husbands, a rarity among those of royal blood.
Even more confused, Steve stepped into the kitchen… and was met with the sight of Tony, fast asleep, lying face down on the table with an arm dangling down the side and a cup of coffee in his hand, the liquid slowly dripping on the floor.
“Silence!” Tony barked. “You will not speak to your king in such a manner. Now, for the final time, before I see you meet the end of my sword: why was it that you laughed a third time, upon reaching the castle?”
Therefore, on account of all these virtues, and on her own account as well, Antonia was greatly loved by the king and the queen and by all those around them, so that there seemed to be no limit to their affection.
“What the hell,” Steve whispered to himself, but still picked up his boyfriend. His muscles protested a bit, lamenting the weight, but then Tony subconsciously shifted closer, fisting his hands in Steve’s uniform, and Steve melted on the spot, blushing and smiling down at his boyfriend.
She passed over many mountains, lakes, and marshes, and she saw many lands, and heard the tongues and learned the ways and manners of countless people. At last, one fateful day, just at the set of the sun, she arrived at a famed city called Brooklyn, the capital of the surrounding lands which bore the same name, at that time under the rule of King Steve.
Steve caught sight of Tony’s pained expression and had to shut his eyes against the anger building in his own heart.
Thus Antonia became Antonio, a princess disguised as a knight.
“Stand up, Antonia.”
Steve flinched back in shock and confusion. What did he mean,
Therefore, when she had sufficiently observed Antonio’s graceful poise, his pleasant manners, his bright intellect, and, above all, the king’s fondness for him, she began to cast her eyes more diligently upon the knight during her stays at court, a devious plan gradually forming in her head.
The very next morning, the king found himself just outside the cell where the satyr was kept in hold, with Antonio by his side. They shared but a glance, not daring to sway closer in fear of betraying their shared affections while others’ eyes were upon them, yet Steve felt his heart fill with love just the same.
“My lord,” Deborah interrupted, feeling daring beyond what was safe and not caring in the slightest, “my request has been voiced. If you refuse to help me in repaying the violent acts suffered by my servant… well, I fear deeply that your reputation would suffer from it.”
When Steve was informed of Sir Antonio’s return, he rudely dismissed the council which was presently being held and rushed to the throne room to meet his knight, paying little heed to protocol or appearance as his thoughts rapidly condensed into a string of “Tony, Tony, Tony” repeating in his mind.
Steve blinked, taken aback. Never before had such a thing happened in his castle. He had heard of other nobles who had found themselves in his situation, and had also heard of far too many maidens who had suffered such violence, but he would have never thought of the possibility of said acts happening inside his own palace.
“Why is he…” he trailed off, gesturing vaguely at Tony.
In visiting the Kingdom of Manhattan, travelers often strayed from their journeys to stop by its great capital, a city full of noble buildings situated in a country rich in flourishing fields and plentiful orchards, graced with an abundance of fresh water and warm sunshine.
Tony smiled. “Of course, my liege.”
“Those are bold and careless words to come out of a caged beast’s mouth,” Steve replied, his mouth curved in a bitter arch. “Your kind has for years depredated my kingdom’s villages, bringing destruction upon countless of my people, and yet you demand liberation?”
Steve was aware of the “problem”, and although he wasn’t happy with it, he couldn’t do anything to change the situation: since they had gotten together, Tony had tried to spend less time in the workshop and more with Steve, doing his best to at least join him in their bed once he was done working. But sometimes his duties added up until he had no choice but holing himself up in the ‘shop on an engineering binge, or leaving for days on end to attend business meetings across the globe.
She allowed herself a moment to grieve what she had lost, and to yearn once more for the freedom to be herself, but soon she got up, gathered her supplies, and set forth once again.
Steve all but ran into the throne room, finding Deborah already there and only giving her the barest hint of a nod. He had just sat on his throne when Antonio walked in, head high and proud, with a bound satyr behind him.
And, quickly taking his leave, Antonio withdrew from her presence, hurrying back inside the castle.
But as it often happens, by the workings of divine providence and supreme justice, the one wishing for another’s destruction was cast under the feet of the one she wished to destroy.
They had barely reached his private chambers when Steve pushed Tony against the wall and kissed him. Antonio kissed back, desperation bleeding through where their lips met, but he pulled away with a gasp as Steve ground his hips against him.
The young maiden was clearly terrified, shaking like a leaf in the wind, and her eyes immediately snapped to meet Tony’s. They stared at each other for a few long seconds, seemingly holding a conversation only they could hear, before the girl nodded silently and quickly looked down, curling into herself.
It was only then that Antonia, seeing that the time for action had come, descended from the tree and softly took place beside one of the satyrs. With a few careful knots, she bound him with a cord she had brought with her, testing the rope to check its strength. Once she made sure the satyr was not going to flee, she carried him towards the path she had crossed before, and, careful to silence any noise, laid him upon her horse and carried him off.
With a gentle nudge, she directed her horse towards the entrance to the castle.
She had just allowed the bandages to fall away and inhaled the first truly free breath since that morning, when she was interrupted by a knock to the door. Antonia froze, caught off guard, and instinctively reached for her sword, cursing when her hand found nothing but air against her side.
Antonio then said, “Tell me, have you eaten and drunk well?'
Unable to wait any longer, he leaned forward until their lips met, leaving a barely there kiss onto her mouth, before softly placing his lips upon her forehead.
And after all these things had been carried out, the result of his endeavor proved to be exactly as he had wished: Virginia was wedded to Harold, King of California; Natalia was wedded to James, King of the Winterlands; Darcy was wedded to Ian, King of Albia; and to each one of them was assigned a third of their father's kingdom.
A/N: Hi everyone. I hope you enjoyed this chapter, it's the penultimate one of this story and then I'll be starting to post the sequels. Thank you so much to everyone who has stuck with this story, and I hope it's proving worth the time to read it.
‘Excuse me?’ the inventor demands.
‘Sorry,’ Peter feels his face flush and looks down at the wooden table.
?’ Steve asks as they round a corner and the light from their suits illuminates the walls. All across one stretch is what looks like a mural.
‘And you were doing so well,’ Peter groans as he lets Wade lead him back inside, though he can’t help the smile on his face, especially when he catches Tony’s eye and the man raises his glass to him in a silent toast.
He looks around at the team. All of them in various stages of shock. Peter is still sobbing in Natasha’s arms, the woman herself barely seems to be keeping her composure as reality sinks in; Wanda is crying, Vision holding her close as he looks to Steve for instruction. Rhodes is looking lost, but determined and waiting like a soldier for commands; Bucky looks like he’s one second away from ripping something in half, but is looking at Steve too. Everyone is waiting for him to make the decision.
Wanda looks to the side and shakes her head. ‘Sorry, it’s just…’ she takes a deep breath. ‘I haven’t celebrated a proper Christmas since… since before I got my powers.’
‘Alright then, Sleeping Beauty, let’s get this show on the road.’
The end of the day, however, is bringing fraying tempers. With no leads, and everyone tired from a day of cleaning, there’s more than one face showing a frown.
(See the end of the chapter for
‘Thank you,’ he says, letting the comforting warmth from the man’s body finally ease away a lot of the tension he’d been feeling since he was taken. Acting on impulse, he pulls the hand that Steve has resting on his stomach to lie over the arc reactor.
They continue throughout the day. Peter has Karen monitor the police radios to see if anything useful comes through; there isn’t any leads on where Tony might be, but at least they can cross some areas off as they hear the police have searched them for other reasons.
‘I got your back, man,’ he sighs, ‘just…try and be at the party after alright? Is isn’t a party until Tony Stark arrives.’
Well, and Scott’s Ant Man suit is on its way back from Wakanda; one of the things that he and T’Challa had organised during their first conversation. There are still plenty of Clint’s spare bows at the facility, which Tony continues to improve occasionally. And if one or two of them just so happened to have been misdirected during a storage clear out he has absolutely no idea where they ended up.
‘Plus if someone comes to attack you, you have two weapons attached to the bottom of your feet,’ she grins.
‘Yeah Tony was having kittens,’ Natasha says, a small smile on her lips. ‘He was halfway to the suit before we heard the situation was resolved; then Steve had to forcibly remove his phone to stop him from calling you and giving you the Spanish Inquisition over what happened. Rhodey threatened to knock him out if he didn’t sit down. We’ve been teasing him about it ever since.’
Wanda looks at him, surprised at the calm and inquisitive look on his face. No blame for the attempt having gone wrong, just curiosity. ‘Maybe,’ she says slowly, ‘the blast pushed against the edges of the opening and it took me by surprise. Perhaps if I wasn’t as tired I may have been able to control it.’
‘Rocket?’ Steve chuckles, taking a knife from Natasha and going to free the two men.
Steve’s never voiced this particular fear to anyone before. ‘At this rate I think he’s more likely to die than he is to recover. I almost wish,’ he sighs and leans on the stone banister, looking down at the stone beneath his arms, ‘I wish he’d never volunteered for the program. Even when I had nothing I had Buck, and there’s nothing I can do to help him.’
‘Natasha, what the fuck are you-’
‘Do we have an option like that for the Reality Stone?’ Natasha asks, looking to Strange and Thor.
‘Maybe,’ he sighs and looks down, ‘or maybe HYDRA did more to me than any of us are willing to accept. I just…I wanted him to stop saying those things and I ended up turning into the thing I was trying to argue I wasn’t.’
Tony really wants to jump out of the suit and make sure the kid’s alright. He’s not sure he’ll ever admit just how scared he was during that whole exchange. Instead he settles for lifting the faceplate and kneeling next to the brown haired boy.
‘Does it matter?’
‘At the moment maybe,’ Natasha cuts across him, ‘but that’s not going to last for long. Chaos follows Deadpool everywhere he goes.’
‘Well,’ he sits down and starts fiddling nervously with the duvet, ‘it’s kind of embarrassing, and I’d appreciate it if you didn’t mention it anyone…’
‘I blow the kid apart, taking you down with him. I’m not so sure your fancy suit could withstand a point blank bomb blast like that.’
‘Whatever you think you know, Hammer,’ Tony growls, ‘you don’t know shit.’
The man bursts out laughing, grinning at the other woman standing silently next to him. She’s beautiful and tall, with long black hair. ‘You want us to let Wanda go. And what are you going to give us in return?’
‘Kid breathe,’ Mr Stark chuckles, gesturing him forwards. ‘I’m messing with you. Who’s your friend?’
‘What are you talking about?’ May asks.
Peter huffs in annoyance at himself, then takes a steadying breath and nods. ‘Yeah, just give me a second.’ Once he’s calmed himself down he does as Bucky suggested and closes his eyes, taking a few deep breaths.
Peter sighs but waves up at his classmates anyway before turning and following Wade out of the training room, not wanting to get caught by anyone as he heads to have a shower.
They’re waiting in the common area when the other four get back. Wanda especially looks tired and Vision gets up to lead her to a sofa, fussing softly over her. Tony groans and takes a chair, rubbing his shoulder as Steve and Natasha head to the kitchenette.
Bucky rolls his eyes as he jumps back out of the way of one of Steve’s left hooks. ‘I think you should be more interested in keeping your injuries to a minimum than trying to be a Neanderthal and prove you can take a couple of blows to the head. You ain’t got enough brain cells to be losing some every time you enter a fight, Stevie.’
” His words raised above the loud crying; his heart was racing as fast as his steps. He was in Peter’s room in less than two second, already reaching out with one hand to get the first gauntlet of the most reachable suit JARVIS should’ve just sent.
He felt his husband sighing before hearing him, his chest raised and lowered a few times before he answered. “It was war,” he started, voicedeep, low enough to not wake Peter up again. A muscle of his jaw twitched, while sadness crossed Tony’s face.
“Then who are you angry at?” He wouldn’t have let that down, and Tony got it, given the way his forehead furrowed.
He felt Tony squirming, grasping for hair, his fingers in Steve’s hair, unsure if pulling him away to catch a breath, or to press him closer to be completely at his mercy. One of Steve’s hand spread wide behind his mate’s back, so that the border of the shelf couldn’t hurt him, and the Alpha could lean over making the Omega arching back under his weight.
“Scratchy,” was the first word Tony said that wasn’t a sigh or a declaration of love. He wrinkled his nose as Steve stroke his full beard against Tony’s neck and cheek, that time voluntarily, just to see him squirming.
“That’s right Tony,” Steve breathed the words into his mate’s neck, praising him with soft kisses and small bites up to the soft spot behind his hear. “You’re so good like this sweetheart, so pretty. Sweet, perfect and submissive for me, aren’t you?”
“Do I have to sleep too?” Asked Peter carefully, eyeing Tony first, then Steve. The older Omega huffed a laugh and looked at his high-tech watch to see what time it was. Peter had still half an hour before his bedtime.
, his lips were plump and swollen, his tongue skilled, laced around his own, his hands everywhere over Steve’s muscles, squeezing and digging in with his slender fingers. Still, something was bugging Steve.
He was about to dozing off too, his head was swinging in sync with the sweet lullaby, but a notification on his sunglasses made him fully awake again. He was about to ask JARVIS if he was joking, with a more colorful language - Peter was still too little to register bad words - but the steps he heard down the aisle of their bedroom were enough for an answer.
“I know you are, tomorrow though. Peter’s not going anywhere, and he won’t be able to mate for another five years, at least. And besides, he could choose another Omega or a Beta, or he could never feel the need to love someone, or even to mate-”
Steve’s on full alert, he thought suddenly, finding himself no more nervous. That swift change didn’t have sense, except that it had, so Tony’s body complied and remained still, and his mouth snapped shut. Steve was trying to protect him, and the kid in his arm, from another Alpha he didn’t trust completely. It was a rather usual situation, but unless the Omega was close to his heat or injured, Steve knew very well how to put his instincts on hold. Tony had still a lot of time until the next heat, but he wasn’t completely fine either, right? There was a reason if he thought he needed to change jeans as soon as they got on the jet, and Steve wasn’t the only Alpha present who could scent it. His arousal.
, his mind thought.
He didn’t need to see his face to know Tony fought against a smile, hiding his face in Steve’s neck, one hand squeezing at Steve’s hip and the other clenched around his shoulder.
. Maybe Steve was getting lunch earlier that day, a tasteful, trembling and moaning lunch.
Steve opened his mouth to answer, but Tony cut him off.
“Oh, I know, but I also know they got your appetite. That’s tons of eggs, flour and milk,”
“Don’t you mean a movie marathon?” Tony snorted, looking down to pet his son’s hair with Steve. Peter nodded, pressing back with his little head, making their hearts squeezing when he purred.
“Clint said you didn’t say a word to him when he was here earlier, and something about killer vibes,”
Maybe he shouldn’t have done it barefoot, wearing sweatpants and an old AC/DC long-sleeved shirt, but that was his husband’s fault, who didn’t let him install an Iron Man armor inside their bed!
After he was calmer about his best friend, he thought about the love of his life and searched for his personal light. Since he got up and he was sitting on the bed right next to Tony, he turned to see the glowing blue light of the arc reactor. He was used to search it as first thing, because it was the symbol of Tony’s safety and that he was there with him.
Tony seemed to forget his anger until one hour later. Steve was cooking, cutting vegetables for the savory pie, his favorite genius was getting ready to go get Peter, who has been at the Leeds’s place since after school, and their little Alpha was making a drawing for aunt Carol and uncle Rhodey, who promised visiting the next day and babysitting both kids. Steve was sure his mate spent fifty minutes in his lab and ten minutes showering and dressing, only because JARVIS remembered him what he had to do, but that was him, getting ready.
Steve was surely calmer, more relaxed, and Tony looked at him with extreme tenderness.
“Christ, you’re beautiful,” Steve breathed the words on Tony’s lips, eyes half-open and fingers laced in dark, short hairs. “I’m still trying to figure out how to make you understand…”
,” he exaggerated, stretching the words to emphasize them, and Peter chuckled a little. Steve murmured something like: “I’m barely a hundred”, but they ignored him.
He knew it was just a bad dream, he had them since the loss of Bucky. Being a super-soldier helped, because he didn’t need to sleep every night, so he could have avoided frightening memories. It went better through the years, of course they still were in war, but at least he moved on from that particular guilt.
“I had some pleasant days, as a matter of fact. Helped me to relax,” he answered nonchalantly, moving one hand in the air in a frivolous movement.
He groaned, low and deep, feeling a shudder through his mate. The Omega was being very good, moving his head to follow Steve’s angle, pleasing him with sweet whines and mewls, knowing his Alpha loved hearing them.
«Hey, hey, Steve breathe. Honey, came on.» He rushed back on the bed and he cup Steve’s face with his hands, sliding one of them through his hair, that were practically wet, to pet them.
“Let’s- Let’s make children… I mean food, let’s make it. Oh god, let’s make it,” and really, there weren’t anything more lovely than a flustered, rambling, mind blown Tony. Steve was finally at home.
Steve thought about it for a moment, gazing in his Omega’s smug eyes. They weren’t fighting, but that little argument was keeping them from having some other kind of quality time together, and after two days he needed more than chaste touches.
Tony loved when she called him sweet Omega, it made him scrunch his nose and feeling a warm sensation in the chest. Nat had always been the coolest, after him, and if she had been less scary, taller, more muscular, blonde, and… Well,
“Your creativity, your empathy, your strong sense of justice…”
“I know you can, that doesn’t mean I may be snappy and growly around you,” a corner of his mouth quirked up at the end, and Tony was sure he said those words first.
“Hi there, miss scientist,” he greeted Mary, scooping her up as she left her spot on the couch to throw herself at him. “Morning baby boy,” he said to Peter, who circled his waist with his arms and pressed his chin against his stomach, looking up first with a sunny smile, that was all Tony’s, then it became a little pout with a frown. Most of his facial expressions were all Tony’s, really.
Steve had his fists clenched, his expression ruined by guilt and remorse. He wasn’t looking neither at Peter nor at Tony; he moved a little further from them after the Omega took the child from his arms, and stood there, looking down at the floor, his square jaw clenched, and shoulders tensed.
Steve’s eyes widened in surprise, and a strong sense of guilt made the last bite more difficult to swallow. His rumbles eased, becoming a background noise.
“Sleep, I’ll bring you to bed later,” the Alpha talked, sounding more imperative than tender. Unfortunately for him, Tony has never worked well with authorities, he was aimed at proving them wrong.
Tony jumped, his mouth falling open on a gasp, and Steve took advantage of it, shoving his tongue past his lips, digging his fingers into his hips to keep him still, in a possessive streak.
A wet giggle escaped from Tony, and his entire body shook because he was trying to not laugh. A fist bumped Steve’s shoulder, lightly but firm.
«Wanna talk?» He asked in a soft voice, when he felt Steve’s breath stabilize. It was no time to show his worries, his boyfriend needed him to be strong and solid for both of them. It always was such an honor to be someone on which Steve could count on, it made his skip a bear every time he realized that.
When they fell in love, Steve’s nights became a beautiful place where to find safety, because he was able to fall asleep in Tony’s arms, or with him in his own. He started to have good dreams instead of bad, even when his boyfriend spent the whole nights in the workshop.
“Uh-uh,” Peter said, warily, and Tony urged adding: “We got a bit distracted with, with, uh, well Petey came out with this brilliant idea and I swear Steve, it needs only some few improvements-”
When he finally sat, straight-backed, eyes still fixed on the Omega and wary, Tony wiped his knuckles on his right cheek, where tears have fallen earlier, giving him an affectionate look. It was a rare sight, his Alpha so openly hurt, heartbreaking but still beautiful.
“Alpha?” He asked again, sounding breathless, panting for the terror more than for running. “What- What’s going on?” He raised his voice, since Peter was still screaming his head off in his papa’s arms.
“Always, Sir. I will make sure Peter will conclude his homework,” and the A.I. calling the kid by his name always brought back memories to Tony’s mind, that made his throat dry and his heart skip a beat. Jarvis,
Omega. The smells and sensations he felt the first time he knotted Tony; the marvelous sounds Tony’s body made. What he talked about at his first group therapy session, where he went to be a better man, for the people he loved. For Tony.
“Did you finish your homework?” Questioned Steve.
“If we don’t lose him in the crowd,” Tony murmured to himself, “Just saying,” he added, shrugging with fake innocence at Steve’s suffering long look.
He knew Tony cared about their child as much as himself and was trying to quit bad habits like not eating enough, or not getting enough sleep, because he was too focused on something else.
for him, and Steve was almost gone. He was reduced to an Alpha with the only desire to take care of his Omega, making him happy, to pin him to the floor and to devour him.
“You can’t stop me,” He growled again. He had no intention to give up. The rational Tony, who knew that he had to resist the urge to drink something bad for his Peanut, was suffering from withdrawal and wasn’t able to think clearly.
“Omega,” Steve began, only to be cut off by Tony, who pointed a finger to the center of his chest.
“Hey kiddo,” Cap stopped before the stairs, so he was on the same height as Wade.
“Silly Alpha. Only a fool would believe our children won’t need you. They’ve so much to learn from you, one lifetime will not be half enough. Uh, uh, uh, don’t interrupt me. You’re intelligent Steve, you’re sharp, astute, and wise. Your stubbornness doesn’t make you give up on anything. You don’t avoid responsibilities and- And the most important thing, your best feature is- You make them feel loved.
. It had a lot of sense, and it was all Steve’s fault, for messing him up!
“Can’t argue with that,” whispered the Alpha, while Tony pet delicately his daughter’s hair, murmuring shh and sweet words.
Suddenly, Tony stopped. His eyes were fixed in Steve’s, burning with rage and anger, the same emotions that were motivating him to stay up. He extended one arm behind himself and opened his palm.
“It’s stupid,” Steve whispered after a few seconds. He kissed Tony’s neck, and hid his face, so the words came out muffled, but the Omega understood anyway. The difficult part was to stay focus on Steve’s problems, because the Alpha rubbed his nose where he marked him a long time ago, sucked his skin and scented him, and Tony just wanted to purr shamelessly, inviting his Alpha to do more, to bit him and to claim him, leaving him trembling and speechless-
The only thought made his chest warmer, like only a sweet kiss from Tony, or a good sip of hot chocolate, could do.
“What’s happening?” Clint’s head popped up behind the door. He seemed confused, but one look at the bickering couple and at the mug on the floor were enough to understand the situation. “Uh,” He sat near Natasha, but on the table. Clint valued his life to interfere, but it didn’t mean just observing would have been less fun.
“Dads, I’m done! Tell them J-
“Did you really mean what you said before? About, about the suit,” he whispered, and Steve knew his voice was low because he didn’t trust it remaining steady. He was asking about the suit, but that tone said a lot more and the Alpha heard it very loud.
Right, he has told Steve to hold that thought, didn’t he? First Peter’s and almost certainty Mary’s bedtime story, then sweet, sweet time for him with the big Alpha.
A two-day mission wasn’t the longest time he spent far from home, however coming back felt strangely like returning after an entire month of radio silence. Every hour he spent without his family was wrong under many aspects, especially during cold days, when all he wanted was to wrap his arms around his Omegas and little Alpha, cuddling with them while watching a kid movie—he almost forgot any other movies still existed.
“B-back to bed” Tony could barely talk, and he slurred his word in the lowest voice.
“Fine! It’s bedtime story! Go get ready Petey, we’ll arrive in a moment,” Tony called out before Steve had a chance to say something he’d regret and clapped his hands to get Peter’s attention. The little Omega, still too young to read and to feel certain Alpha behaviors, squealed excited and climbed off Steve, but he suddenly stopped before closing the door, to look at Tony with a serious look.
“It’s still very early,” Tony commented, exhaling again, while Steve strolled toward the kitchen, carrying the Omega with him. “There are high chances they’ll be asleep again for a couple more hours, if we can stuff them with as many pancakes as possible.”
“Do you really wanna doing it?”
The Alpha rolled his eyes at his Omega’s absurdity and explained to their daughter what patronize really meant. He was holding her, like it happened more often than not; Mary truly adored his Omega parent but wouldn’t miss a chance to be his Pops’ little Alpha. It had something to do with her being still a pup, she felt reassured in Steve’s strong arms.
“A-Alpha!” Tony shouted, and then made the sweet little noise, the one that made Steve twitch in response, like a purr but definitely a moan, a demand for his Alpha.
And that was the real moment when things turned bad. Or very, very good.
Tony shook his head, resting it against the back of the sofa. “I prefer what I’m doing now,” he said with a smirk, desire coming out of his eyes as he was ogling at Steve’s massive body. “Mmm yes, slowly,” he murmured, slightly parting his lips.
“I love you too, sweetheart,” Steve sealed his lips over his throat and sucked lightly on it sending a shiver through the Omega who exposed his neck more, submitting to the Alpha. “Sweet, sweet Omega,” he rumbled, and bit down hard, making Tony
, called him by his first name, when Howard wasn’t nearby.
“When I asked Peter if he wanted to invite a friend to go to Disney World with us, I didn’t expect him to ask for both Ned and Wade,” his rumble was low and soothing, vibrating through his chest to make his Omega focus on it.
It wasn’t fair: Steve entered in his worried and very hot dad mode, which was still kind of new for Tony to refrain from instantly melting. It also meant that he could have been able to effortlessly obtain an extra dose of cuddles and a massage. He had to shake his head to keep his thoughts in order.
. Your heart it’s what made you the strongest man, and the best dad any kid could ever desire,” the last words came out a little broken, Tony’s voice wrecked and trembled, and he patted few times on Steve’s chest with a fingertip.
“Are you fine, Omega?” He must’ve taken only one step farther, because after a second or even less, he had Steve’s hand on his back again, in a more appropriate spot. It didn’t feel teasing that time, the big palm was warm and supporting; if he had lost his balance, he was sure that hand alone would’ve kept him standing.
Instead of answering, he circled Tony’s waist with both arms making him bend over, following right after, kissing him
Tony wasn’t scared, he treated his Alpha gently in the way he knew he could bring him back. Steve’s anger was weaker only than the anxiety to frighten his Omega, and luckily for him, he was that Omega.
Tony didn’t stop smoothing his back and kissing him, keeping his little head under his chin where the purrs vibrated, until all he could hear were innocent hiccups. Peter’s small fists relaxed, then his entire body, and with extreme carefulness Tony put him back in the cradle, between his favorite stuffed toy: a golden pup, and a bear with a red and gold metal arm, made from an old iron man suit.
“Hey, how come after seventy years I’m still teaching you how to court pretty Omegas?” He sounded a lot accusatory for Steve’s likings, with the pointy spoon in his direction.
wanted.
Among many things, Steve learned a healthy way to express his emotions, starting from actually showing them. He didn’t need to carry all the weight of the world on his shoulders only, he could lean on people. He could share all his burdens with his Omega, and he accepted he was very handful too, but Tony’s clever hands were there for him.
Hard as rock, he thrusted against the Omega’s length, and raised his head from that talented, addictive mouth to look at Tony with dark eyes, of a predator who was going to assault his prey, as hungry as the first time he claimed him.
. I love the name,” He announced while throwing himself at Steve, as much as his big belly allowed him, without lifting up from the chair. Steve turned to catch him instinctively, and he circled his body with both arms, hugging tightly. Tears filled the Omega’s eyes, but he hid them burying his face in Steve’s neck and hugging back with the same strength.
Steve memorized the scene, to draw them exactly like that, a warm image of the loving Stark-Rogers family.
The purrs increased as Tony pressed his faced in the middle of his chest and inhaled deeply. “
He sat on the floor leg crossed, despite having the king-size bed in the room, and stroked Peter’s forehead with a fingertip, leaning forward to nuzzle closed the baby’s cheek. He calculated every movement slow, wanting to avoid waking him up ahead of time.
“You smell incredibly, I can feel how wet you are for me-”
“Listen to me sweetheart, I’m sorry I left you and Peter alone after promising I wouldn’t. I made it clear with Nick on the way back, I’m not leaving your side for the next month. You’ll grow so tired of me you will come up with something to simulate an attack on the city, just to distract me”
“You can call me, us, mister Stark-Rogers,” he pointed at Tony as he reached them.
“Why does Mary get all the compliments?” A low, trembling growl resonated from Steve’s chest as a warning, but it wasn’t threatening. Steve’s rumblings were playful, peaceful, aroused or of warning, when he thought his Omega was exaggerating, but never hostile, not addressed to his family. Peter giggled too and purred a little.
“It’s about the children’s homework,” Steve blurted out, even if it seemed hard for him. Tony watched him curious and slid a hand through Steve’s gold locks to massage him with his fingertips. He perfectly knew the points where to caress and where to press for his Alpha to relax, and his clever fingers found them immediately. Steve rumbled grateful, really sweet until Tony smiled.
“I said- Last week I said I was okay, with Peter being a friend with an Alpha. I am. I’m glad he has friends, it’s what we want for him: a normal childhood. He’s young, too young even to think about bonding, and even with Alpha friends or not, he will be the one choosing if to bond and with whom. It’s logical, I work- I’m great with logical, logic keeps my world quiet. You know how noisy my head is, how… And what I feel…”
It felt like heaven, Tony’s lips were warm, soft and pliant. They were coordinated, the Omega offered, and the Alpha took, Steve applied pressure and Tony angled his head giving him access, opening his mouth and accepting submissive Steve’s tongue. Steve growled in satisfaction at his Omega’s acceptance, swept his tongue deeper, sliding along Tony’s own, and curled them together.
He felt something break inside himself, like when all the TV news reported Tony’s possible death due to the Mandarin’s attack.
He wanted to keep Tony safe with all his heart, and the reality slammed in his face that the dangers were waiting for them, just around the corner.
Tony was being
Peter gulped, and searched help in the other Omega’s eyes, who got the inquisitive look from the Alpha.
Tony’s eyes opened wide, not in awe but preoccupied, knowing that once the kids were awake, nothing could’ve made them sleep again, until night. Steve froze, with his suit open but still on, then his mouth curved into a bright smile.
Remember. He did, of course, his eidetic memory was perfect, or close to perfection at least. He remembered everything: the first time he thought of Tony not as an Omega, but as
“What’s going on?” The Omega asked, while their bodies moved together, as if they were only one: Steve sat on the sofa and carried Tony down with him, who pressed his knees on both the Alpha’s sides. Tony circled his neck with both arms, and relaxed against his chest, while Steve wrapped him and brought him closer. Every movement was fluid, a dance they repeated many times through the years of their relationship.
“You don’t need to hide from me. Be apprehensive Tony, be afraid, because I’m too. We are his parents and he is our little boy, it’s our job to be worried and we have still a lot to learn how raising kids. We don’t have to be perfect. They don’t expect that from us; we are allowed to make mistakes,” Steve placed another gentle kiss on Tony’s temple, then on both cheeks, and then he made him bend his head back to bump their noses together.
Tony looked into his mate’s eyes, which were adoring and fantastic as always. Them alone were enough to made him feel loved and cared, the most important person in Steve’s world. And he was distracting again, but how could he not, when the Alpha’s big hands were one on his belly and one through his hair. His head had been his weakest spot for a long time, but it wasn’t the only significant anymore.
“And chocolate chips,” the Alpha added in agreement, before stopping to walk.
“You put - You put -” Tony looked down, looking so hurt that Steve almost went down again to get back the mug.
“I left as soon as the backup from Wakanda arrived. They can handle it, and the Avengers are fully prepared to fight without me and you. I’m sorry-”
“Goodnight sweetpea,” Tony purred, pressing a last kiss on a little hand clung to Steve’s white t-shirt.
“I want coffee, Steve,” He blurted, much less firm than he would have wanted. The fact was, he was trying really hard not to melt in the touch and purring out load.
“Why are you saying…” Steve shushed him sweetly, before he finished talking. The Omega tighten his grip, and Steve’s arm wrapped around his waist, while the other hand found his place into Tony’s hair.
“Stop hugging me then”
“What does patronize mean, daddy?”
His brain processed in less than one second that Tony was indeed in their bed, but the room was too dark for him to be fine.
“’m here, no need to stand up,” he blinked slowly, his long lashes fluttered, as he approached the blurry figure on the rocking chair.
He was, and he continued, looking at the Alpha with a sweet expression, his nose a little wrinkled, a lovely pout on his lips, half twisted in a smile, and intermitted purrs devoted to worship the most important person in his life. He wasn’t really that annoyed; he was a genius, he would figure out how to resolve Steve’s new fashion choice. He wanted longer hair? Fine by his Omega, since he looked hotter than Tony could’ve ever imagined. And Steve started from a very hot base, so he was talking about a serious hotness in there.  If only they cooperated a little more with his fingers.
Steve gave him a lopsided grin, while Tony murmured something, stuffing more food in his mouth. Bucky recognized the words “cruel Alpha”, “troll” and a swear - Not a very bad one, they had been banished since Tony was seven months pregnant.
,” Tony mumbled against his lips and Steve put both hands low on the Omega’s ass to yank him up, closing the distance.
“That’s right, Steve,” Tony breathed out against Steve’s lips. The Alpha wanted nothing but to claim his mouth again. Tony seemed to have the same thought because he nipped at Steve’s bottom lip with submissive purrs.
His Peanut was almost ready to be born, one another good point of being pregnant, together with a shinier and smoother skin, and the undivided attention of all the people who gathered around. Most of them used to think he had to be helped to do everything, since he was almost nine months pregnant.
They stayed quiet for a while; Tony couldn’t hear anything else than his own heartbeat and Steve’s, but he knew it was different for his Alpha. With the super-soldier serum enhancing his hearing, he could hear their baby’s breath, and Tony let him do precisely that. In the worst-case scenario, a piece of them will always live and shine in their beautiful son.
“Welcome back,” his husband whispered, tilting his head in that adorable way that made Steve wanting to kiss him all over.
“I got A for my art project,” Mary interrupted, kicking lightly again to move from her current position.
“Love you,” he whispered, searching his lips again for another kiss. They exchanged more of them, sweet, soft, making snapping sounds every time they broke off. Tony felt Steve’s smile growing kiss after kiss, on the lips, on his cheeks, on the tip of his nose; they bumped their noses together and when the Omega was too tiredalso to make the smallest movement, he let his Alpha in charge, enjoining feeling their tongues swirling together.
Look at me, his mind implored, and as if Steve could really read his mind, the piercing blue gaze found his own again and a smile, softer than before, spread on Steve’s lips. Good, he felt better already.
When he felt Steve relaxing, he stopped talking and kissed him lightly on the forehead, where he paused for few seconds.
Steve restrained a chuckle, but did as Tony ordered, gradually unzipping the suit from the back. It was very innocent considering the things they did together… or to each other, but the Alpha’s chest raised with pride in being desired by his beloved Omega, and he released a low, deep rumble.
“Yes, you are, Petey,” the young Alpha responded seriously, while also climbing her Pops. Steve wasn’t sure why she always did that, trying to get over his shoulders or his head, it was just funny and sort of cute. His cute little monkey.
“I’m hungry,” Peter announced, just when the Alpha was leaning down to kiss Tony again. He couldn’t resist the Omega when he acted sternly.
He had the sudden temptation of banishing her from his kingdom, just for daring to accuse his beloved knight of such vile acts. But he could not, for his own foolishness had provided her with multiple witnesses of her fair and open demand for justice.
In the following months Antonia, under the guise of a man, entered into the service of the king, soon becoming one of his most trusted knights.
“A king is often busy, my lady, and can rarely find the time for personal pleasures,” he replied, begrudgingly giving her a fake smile.
“My name is not Antonio... but Antonia,” she began, carefully enunciating each word as she spoke. “I am the daughter of King Howard of Manhattan. I was born and raised as a princess, but my father had already given all of his land to my three sisters, and had nothing left to offer me as dowry once I became of age. He wanted me to marry a Marquis, the ruler of our neighboring lands, and the only suitor who would accept me with no possessions to my name. Yet I did not care to accept his offer. I wanted to explore the world, and so I left my father’s castle; but a maiden travelling alone must face too many dangers, much more in number and subtlety than those faced by a knight. Therefore, Antonio was born in Antonia’s stead. But my liege,” she pleaded, her voice breaking as she fell onto her knees in front of Steve, “I have lied about nothing but my name. My mind, soul, and heart remain the same as those of your beloved Antonio’s. My mind still sings your praises; my soul still yearns for your touch; my heart still beats for you, my beloved. That has not, and never will, change. Please do not cast me away.”
Then the satyr, who had listened with eagerness to all that had been said, answered as soon as he heard speak of liberation, “What do you want from me?”
Deborah knew that the strength of her word was such that other nobles would believe her, and the king knew it, too.
Together, they went to see the satyr, only to find him asleep. Antonio gave a sharp kick to the bars, at which the satyr awoke with a start.
Antonia stood back to look at Steve, her posture regaining its usual calm, determined confidence by the second, and Steve found himself falling in love once again in the face of her strength.
“Eat, Satyr.”
“Antonia, we have found you a husband – a young man who should hopefully please your taste. His name is Tiberius, a handsome young man, with good promise of becoming a fine husband for you; he’s the son of the Marquis of Stanfield, our good friend and neighbor. Moreover, he asks nothing but your hand in marriage, which you must know I consider far more valuable than any treasure in the world. But as you also know, while you are the daughter of a king, I am too poor in money and in land to provide you with a dowry worthy of a more…
Steve blinked, looking at Clint in confusion, before turning to check his reflection on the fridge.
Antonia hesitated, cautious, but the girl didn’t appear to be armed: she was trembling slightly, and looked quite pale in the candlelight.
“Yet this…” Tony continued, a bit flustered, “this is simply… quite new to me, and- “
Hearing this, the satyr began laughing once again, a mischievous smile on his face. “Oh, my foolish knight! I laughed for a reason which you ought to understand better than I.”
Antonia stripped down to her undergarments and began to work on removing the bandages which were compressing her chest: they were the worst part of her disguise, far more painful – after a day of wearing them – than any other injury she usually sustained in sparring, but they were also necessary to hide her true identity, especially when she was not wearing her armor.
And with a wave, she called forward one of the guards.
And this, my dear readers, is where our story truly begins.
bad for his peace of mind and he had once witnessed Tony and Clint drink 12 cups worth of coffee in a single breath, so he didn’t complain when Tony fell asleep on the kitchen counter as long as he was getting some sleep.
“No,” Antonia barked, loudly, her voice sharp over the girl’s crying. “Thank you, Guard. You may take leave.”
King Steve had tried again and again to have one of these satyrs taken alive and delivered over into his keeping, but there was no one inside the court with enough courage to undertake this adventure and capture a satyr for the king.
“Sir?” a guard asked from the other side of the door. “Do you require assistance?”
So now he was exhausted, and he just wanted to eat something, kiss his boyfriend, and then sleep for the next 24 hours.
“Sire,” Antonio interjected, “if the satyr really is mute, only a god shall make him speak. But if the reason of his muteness comes from but a stubborn resolve to keep silence, I will do all that lies in my power to make him break word.”
And yet, above all these excellencies, the one she mastered most completely was the art of war: she learnt to ride horses, to handle and forge weaponry and armor, and to take part in sparring with as much vigor and enjoyment as if she had been a strong and battle-hardened soldier instead of a young maiden. Indeed, she was so skilled in combat and in the creation of its tools that she proved herself a worthy opponent for her father’s finest knights.
“is that a challenge?”
After almost a decade of careful political relationships, always carefully treading on the right side of social norms, Steve was finally faced with Deborah’s true nature, rearing its ugly head. He had no doubt of Tony’s innocence, but such accusations held enough weight to not be easily dismissed. She knew that, of course, and Steve could see that there was yet more that she had planned.
Before continuing with this tale, the readers must be informed of what follows: once upon a time, in a certain forest of the province of Brooklyn, there was to be found a strange race of beings, for whom one half of their bodies bore a resemblance to that of a man, though they had ears like a goat’s and horns as well, and who in their lower parts had legs resembling those of a rough and shaggy goat, with a little tail, hairy and short. These creatures were called satyrs, and their depredations often caused great loss and damage to the villages and the farms and the people living in the country outside Brooklyn.
And the satyr, when he heard this shouting, laughed louder than ever.
Peter is quiet, looking out of the window as he takes in what his mentor has said; Tony lets him think, looking back to watch the rest of the team as they start tidying up the common area ready to head upstairs to the dining area when dinner is ready.
‘Like Wanda’s brother could you mean?’
Just as Tony thinks they’ve won, it manages to lurch forwards, pulling both Steve and Peter off their feet, it swings behind itself, catching Steve and sending him flying across the park.
‘Well Rogers we’ve got two super soldiers and a kid with an enhanced metabolism to feed before the rest of us even get a look in. Plus we’re going to lose the equivalent to half a bowl to the floor as people throw it at each other. No matter how delicious Nat’s dinner might have been we’re still going to need all of this.’
A/N: Hey everyone! Thank you so much for the continued love for this story, I'm glad you're still enjoying it. Thank you for everyone who is taking the time to comment, I do love getting to read them and reply so please keep leaving your thoughts.
‘You’re a good man, Barnes,’ Thor says, coming to stand next to him. ‘And I rather think that our friends will be glad to hear you haven’t won or bought any trees during your disappearance.’
around in their rooms is either stuff Steve has put there or has drawn.’
‘No way you’re letting one of your traps off on us this time,’ the man says.
‘Are you injured?’ he asks.
The soldier gives a laugh. ‘Smart kid. A few more steps this way and we’ll go see Mr Hammer and your little friends are free to go back to class.’
Loki doesn’t realise he’s shouted out loud as well as in his head until Natasha’s panicked face appears in front of him. He looks down at her as she places her hands on either side of his face, finally registering the fact he’s standing.
‘Oh wow look at that!’
‘I can’t die, Tin Can. This…this is killing you already. Give me the gauntlet with the stones, let me do it. Don’t be a fucking glory seeking, self-sacrificing asshat.’
‘And who was it got you out of the mass of aliens when you were holding the gauntlet?’
‘Tony was the one to champion the Accords in the first place,’ he explains, ‘and to hell with what we thought. And now he’s the one changing them; finding compromises. Tony Stark doesn’t compromise, he goes in all guns blazing then tries and fixes things afterwards. Ultron is the perfect example.
‘Alright champ let’s leave it there for today,’ he says when he realises the time, ‘otherwise I’ll have Tony grumbling I’ve been keeping you to myself for too long.’
there were no children from any of my partners,’ he huffs, ‘I mean, give me
‘Did you know about this?’ he asks Natasha.
The woman grins. ‘But you will, Wanda. After all, HYDRA created you so it’s the least you can do, don’t you think?’ Then she puts a hand to her mouth. ‘Oh, and how rude of me, I completely forgot to introduce myself. Agatha Harkness. Wonderful to meet you, dearie.’
‘I would not get annoyed-’
‘Ok that’s a bit creepy,’ Peter laughs as they head towards the exit.
‘I hope you’re all going to eating right this year, you know I don’t like relying on you and Tony looking after yourselves.’
Love always,
The door opens and Deadpool looks in, his eyes widen as he takes in Peter, still half in his suit. ‘Oh man you got to give a guy some warning!’
‘Wakandan technology is more advanced than most places,’ the king responds, ‘including in medicine. Shuri may be able to do something, even if it is just to strengthen your chest cavity.’
‘Mr Stark-’
As the car pulls away Wanda explains the Guardians’ arrival and the argument between Quill and Rocket.
‘I could murder a couple of chimichangas.’ He can see the answering grin through the mask as the man stands up to go and order.  Just as he’s settling back against the chair his phone rings. It’s a number he doesn’t recognise. ‘Hello?’
‘And you’ve told him I imagine.’
‘Quiet, Pete,’ Tony says. ‘Do we have a deal?’
Strange’s Cloak slips from his shoulders and goes to explore the room, it seems particularly fond of Peter and tries to help the teenager by pointing at different contents of the table.
‘Oh yeah,’ Hope nods thoughtfully, ‘I seem to remember something to do with pollutants from a plant leaking into a local water supply. Someone got hold of footage of Danny Rand all but claiming responsibility on behalf of the company and saying he’d solve it. Poor bastard had no idea how to deal with that kind of thing.’
‘I thought you said we were saving this until we got back?’ Bucky cuts him off, trying to fight the blush rising on his cheeks. The other occupants of the car just laugh at him, even Loki managing a smile despite his subdued mood, and Tony puts his foot down.
‘What?’
Unwrapping herself enough from her cocoon to take the plate from him, Wanda takes a bite. Her eyes light up and a smile crosses her lips. ‘This is incredible!’
Bucky isn't where Steve left him, and he finds out a little bit more about Tony from R&D
‘I don’t think we’d have time to get through all of the ideas your genius mind could come up with,’ Steve responds.
‘But that wasn’t your fault!’ Peter argues.
‘What?’ Wade asks. ‘Did I get it right by any chance?’
Peter struggles to keep both sides of his life separate and ends up taking a visit to the medical wing.
I hope you all have a wonderful Christmas, no matter what faith you follow or where you are in the world. May love, blessings and all the joy in the world find you all.
‘Reload. FRIDAY set up the next round,’ Natasha says.
They don’t say anything else, just continue to sip at their drinks and look out over the dark grounds. When Bucky turns to go back in he squeezes Loki’s arm in silent support, leaving Loki to wonder why he’s losing the urge to move on that normally haunts the back of his mind.
Antonia heaved a shaking breath, trying to control her panicked thoughts. She locked the door with unsteady hands and went to undress again.
Deborah sighed, satisfied. In the morning, she would ask an audience with the king, bringing the girl with her, and denounce Sir Antonio for taking advantage of an innocent girl.
Steve knew that, and he also knew how hard Tony was trying to be a good boyfriend, so he made sure to support him as best as he could, only asking JARVIS to tell him whenever Tony fell asleep so that Steve could go collect his genius boyfriend and carry him to bed.
And as soon as she had finished speaking, Antonia took her leave of the king and queen, who were left to stare at her retreating form in shock and growing despair.
“Get up now, Satyr,” ordered Steve, “and tell us what you promised we should hear, and say why you laughed so loud when you came to the palace.”
A fine man indeed, Deborah thought, lowering her head and glancing up at him through her eyelashes. No wonder the king was so fond of him.
Tony had simply curled up on Steve’s side and snored.
“Yes, my knight. Lady Deborah von Schmidt has just accused you of raping the maiden which stands behind her. Now tell me, Sir Antonio, does she speak the truth?”
“My lord, I was well pleased to hear that you trusted me with the captured satyr, and I have tried my best to pry the words out of his mouth; it is to great shame that I must inform you that I have found him to be mute, as he won’t offer answer to my questioning. If you would so desire, Your Highness, I am sure that you would be able to make him speak. I beg your forgiveness for my shortcomings, my lord.”
“Explain to me,” he said, “what the satyr meant when he called you Antonia.”
Antonio, perceiving how obstinate the spirit of the creature was, said, “So you will not answer us, Satyr? Let me tell you, you are being extremely foolish, seeing that I can, if I so desire, let you die of hunger here in prison.”
Seeing his beloved now, trembling and terrified of being rejected... Steve could not bear another second it.
Now, they were both enjoying the quiet atmosphere inside Steve’s bedchamber, the novelty of sharing a room still present enough to be exciting but pleasant all the same.
And truly, while Steve might have been the king, he would have done anything to please his beloved knight, and it was not as if feeling his lover’s hands upon his flesh would be a hardship. Tony had been unsure at first, with a shyness so different from his usual confidence that Steve had been helpless but to revel in it, loving the effect he was having on Tony.
The maiden all but ran outside the door.
Yet Tony had survived. Beautiful, brave, strong Tony came back to Steve.
Once again, Antonio went on. “And finally, I ask you this: I beg you to tell me why it was that, when we reached the palace, you laughed longer and louder than ever?'
“Yes, milady.” And with a quick bow, the servant girl scurried away, her shoulders still shaking with quiet sobs.
“I do not care for a life lived in chains, King Steve. I am but a Child of the Moon: I long to dance in her light once more with my brothers and sister, with wine and joyfulness warming our heart, and my Goddess shining down upon me. And I would pay heed in making me your enemy, King Steve: the moonlight can many a time reveal what otherwise lies hidden under the sun... something which you and your knight should very well know.”
Therefore, without wasting any more time over the matter, she rose to face her father and answered him truthfully.
The royal advisor, Sam, froze in place, visibly tensing up, and even the guards shuffled uncomfortably.
And, if he found himself smiling like a fool whenever Tony buried his face into his neck, no one was there to judge him.
“In that case, my lord, I have come to you concerning a matter of honor. My trusted maiden,” she said, gesturing at the girl behind her, “has been… violated, inside this very castle, last night.”
Steve had no doubt of the fact she was up to something.
“Now, young lady, hurry back to the servant’s quarters, and do not vex your mind with worries: this… incident shall remain between us, understood?”
And turning towards Steve, he said: “I laughed, my king, at hearing them all shouting, "Antonio! Antonio!" while all along your knight really was Antonia.”
Their night together had been much more fulfilling than what Steve had dared to hope for. Tony had become gradually more pliant and relaxed once they had started kissing, so much so that he too had taken some initiative, asking Steve to let him explore his body.
Antonia had to agree with Steve, she thought, watching while Deborah fanned herself as though she had just been passionately kissed.
Nevertheless, Steve had yet to agree to take her hand in marriage, continually refusing her advances, and patience had never been one of Deborah’s virtues.
“Oh,” Steve gasped, sudden understanding dawning on his face. “You’ve, you’ve never…”
Deborah didn’t seem to notice.
No, that would not do. She needed to make show of being fair, if she hoped to ruin only Sir Antonio’s reputation and not her own. And to force King Steve into sending his beloved knight to his death?
As soon as they had left the castle’s jails and found themselves alone, Steve grabbed hold of Tony’s hand.
Antonia turned around to face her guest, who had scurried to the middle of the room, gaze firmly affixed onto the floor – whether she had taken notice of the bandages discarded on the floor, Antonia did not know, as the girl didn’t make show of suspicion – but the maiden didn’t appear to be any calmer in the privacy of Antonia’s chambers, instead shaking even more so than she had before.
Tony shrugs. ‘I don’t need that much sleep, Sam. I never have. So I tend to have more hours to cram stuff into than most people.’
kicked your sorry ass at those quizzes!’
‘All you need to know is I’m someone who’s trying to do the same thing as you.’
Stark laughs. ‘I have to get some things sorted. I’ll come and visit you soon.’
‘Hey Parker,’ Peter groans as Flash’s voice comes from behind him, ‘you missed seeing the epic Spider-Man training. Or is it too much of a common thing for you now that you’re above it?’
‘Yes, my king, I will admit to being surprised at how readily your friends have accepted us. Our first meeting was not exactly the most friendly.’
‘Hey, Nat? How long until you’re done?’ Bucky asks.
brother? It makes me sound like I’m eight.’
Peter crosses his arms and faces the man. ‘Fine but if I’m right and she feels better you owe me a favour.’
‘Don’t know. We stand more chance of getting lost. Think we can take them?’ he answers, just as quietly.
‘No idea where he’s disappeared to. And I’m a bit too nervous to go near Strange without Peter with me.’
‘No damage done,’ Tony’s voice is a little strained, but as FRIDAY hasn’t raised an alarm yet Bruce assumes what he’s saying is true. ‘Why don’t you three have a think about what parts of the Yule traditions we may be able to do here and we can discuss it over dinner? I think everyone but Wade is due in tonight so it’ll be a good time to talk it over, and I’m sure he won’t mind us deciding a few things while he’s away.’
‘You just going to stand over there, kid, or you actually going to get over here and do some work?’ he asks, not stopping in his punches.
‘Something’s blocking them that is not technological in any way.’
Steve just laughs as he moves to cut Sam down. ‘Hey, Steve can you at least catch me before I-’ he’s cut off as he hits the ground next to Quill. ‘Never mind,’ he groans.
‘Yeah…it’s probably a good thing no one knows you’re Spider-Man,’ Wade says as he comes over and sits down with a bag of chips, ‘because I’m pretty sure there’s like a whole cartel somewhere in Europe that wants to kill me.’
‘Leave it Wanda,’ Peter says, taking his cue back from Buck and restarting his game. They spend the next half an hour playing pool with the mercenaries, Wanda sometimes taking over from Peter and managing to hold her own, earning herself a reasonable pile of winnings by the end of the half hour.
Steve smiles and closes the door as he heads down the corridor he hears the end of Peter’s conversation. ‘I got to go, May, dinner will be ready soon. No it’s great, honestly, the soccer game really helped and its dinner and movie night tonight. I promise I’m enjoying myself, May. Alright I got to go. Love you too.’
‘Think we should intervene?’ Steve asks; Bucky’s response is to warm up his metal arm.
‘Thank you,’ she says into his shoulder, looking up and giving him a watery smile.
‘What are you talking about?’
‘Too damn right,’ the two of them look out over the sea of faces and wrapping paper in front of them. ‘I think this has been out best Christmas yet.’
‘He just had to leave Pete didn’t he?’ Bucky asks his friend quietly.
‘Thor I swear to the Allfathers if you don’t get out of here and get your ass to the meeting with the rest of the team I will personally make sure you cannot find any kegs of any drinks for a whole year!’
Tony looks away guiltily. ‘I’m sorry. I should have consulted you about them before taking them to the Council. I didn’t think it was a good time to bring them up. So soon after they were initially made I mean.’
Bucky shakes his head.
‘Yes sir,’ he nods as he climbs down, Bucky supports him as he finds his footing on the ground and then he helps to close the doors again.
