Peter stands up now, feeling anger coursing through him. “It’s nothing to do with that! It’s just a dumb joke. What are you trying to say?”
“It’s hard to miss them when you never really knew them, isn’t it?” Harry vocalises exactly what Peter is thinking. He looks at the blonde boy to see a vulnerability on Harry’s features that has never been present before. “My mom. She died when I was five. I look at pictures of her and I feel like something is missing but I don’t know what it is.”
Bucky continues the conversation by asking questions about the English work. This is generally the extent of their conversations, Bucky enquiring about complicated equations and watching in awe as Peter solves them easily. They haven’t mentioned the conversation about Harry from last week but Peter can’t stop thinking about it.
Following a quick introduction Ned slots into the conversation, taking over with fresh excitement about a new Spider-Man sighting. Ned’s interest in the masked vigilante borders on obsession, he lives and breathes all things Spider-Man. Peter is fairly certain he has notifications set up on his phone to track news and updates about his alter-ego.
He spots a few people he knows from class and asks them if they’ve seen his friend and someone says they think Harry went into the room at the end of the hall. Which makes Peter feel stupid, because of course, why didn’t he check Harry’s bedroom in the first place?
“Looking good Peter.” Sam smirks from his place beside Bucky who is nodding in agreement, both of them smiling bigger than he has ever seen them, and all because of his embarrassment.
“Good morning Sir.”
Peter shakes Bruce’s hand probably a bit too enthusiastically. “Oh I know sir, really the pleasure is all mine. I’m a big fan. I’ve read all of you work.”
Confused, Peter pockets his phone and pushes through the crowd of students and parents to the area behind the stage. Standing there waiting on him are Steve and Tony ‘in disguise’.
Steve catches him as soon as he steps into the Tower’s entrance pulling him into a tight hug and frantically checking he’s okay. It takes a lot of reassuring but eventually Steve seems satisfied enough to move on to other matters. He explains what will happen in the debriefing on their way up to the conference room.
“You think I’m hiding something.”
Hello! New chapter, Peter spends time with Nat and Bruce respectively and we also meet someone new.
“Oh – Hi, em, hi Bucky. Just getting my dinner then I’ll get out of your way.” He motions to the plate in his right hand before putting it in the microwave to heat up.
A small smile appears on her face. “Паучок.”
Without even realising what he’s doing Peter springs forward to engulf Natasha in a hug. “Thank you, Nat.”
About an half an hour before Harry needs to be home a text comes to Peter’s phone reminding him of the one thing he has been deliberately avoiding dealing with. MJ.
When he reaches the tower, he takes a deep breath and strolls into the lobby as casually as possible while hiding a limp.
Harry on the other hand greets everyone with a charming smile and takes all questions thrown at him as he does everything, with ease. Peter wishes he had half the amount of confidence and composure Harry has on a bad day.
Mr. Baker is sitting at a large dining table waiting for them. He faces Peter with what the boy can only assume is an attempt at a smile, but the man’s face never seems anything other than harsh and severe.
Steve chuckles. “Don’t worry, I was exactly the same when Tony brought me here for the first time. Took me a while to get used to it, but then again I had been frozen for 70 years, so I’m sure you’ll adapt a lot quicker than I did.” The blond lays a comforting hand on Peter’s shoulder just as the elevator comes to a stop.
Peter keeps up for the most part but it’s late and about twenty minutes into Bruce’s speech, that has essentially become a science lecture, he’s struggling to keep his eyelids open. He’s trying desperately to keep his head up when a hand, which feels distinctly metal, snakes around his shoulders and guides his drooping head towards a very inviting shoulder. He stops resisting, gladly giving into the exhaustion, allowing his eyes to close.
He’s certainly not pulling punches the same way he was with Steve but Natasha can tell that he still isn’t really trying. Resolve hardening, she moves forward quickly attempting to back the boy into a corner and just as expected he dodges every hit, eventually sending his hands forward with lightning fast speed to catch both of Natasha’s hands just as his back hits the wall.
“Oh, yeah. Yeah it is MJ, you’re right.” Peter locks his phone and clicks it onto silent, suddenly not feeling like texting Harry anymore.
Someone is there with him, begging him to listen, to breathe. He tries to tune out the sirens, the lights, the flames, and to only focus on the comforting presence to his left.
“Is that Peter?” Tony’s voice joins Steve’s panic now. “Kid, where are you? Why haven’t you been answering your phone? Do you know how close I was to deploying SHIELD Agents to track you down?” Peter doesn’t doubt for a minute that sending SHIELD Agents to look for his son is something Tony Stark would actually do.
Things come crashing down after a few weeks of sneaking out and getting away with it. Peter’s been staying with the Baker’s for three months now. In that time, he’s gotten to know the couple well enough to know that his initial feelings about them were valid. He doesn’t like them, but it’s okay because the feeling is mutual and they make it extremely obvious.
About mid-way through their building Ned brings up Spider-Man, apparently his favourite thing to talk about.
“It was good, thank you for asking. Hey, um, JARVIS could you tell Tony and Steve that I’m on my way up?”
“Please call me Steve. Peter, you’re probably wondering why we’re here.” The boy nods, his mind has been racing since the door opened to reveal the two Avengers, trying to figure out why they might be here; do they know that he is Spider-Man? Have they come to recruit him for the Avengers? Has he done something wrong so S.H.I.E.L.D has sent them to bring him in? The panic is rising in Peter’s chest as Steve opens his mouth again, about to tell him the reason why they had decided to visit him. “Tony and I have been married for two years now, and we’ve been feeling lately that there’s something missing… We would really like to start a family, and honestly Peter we think you might be a perfect fit.”
Tony smiles fondly at Peter. “I have no doubts about that bird brain.”
Ned gives him space to think things through and only interrupts once they’ve been back at the hotel for a few hours. There’s a knock at the door which Ned gets up to answer before returning to sit at Peter’s side. “Peter, everyone’s sneaking up to the roof to celebrate. Do you want to go? We can stay here if you don’t, I understand.”
“Oh, em, I was wondering… Would it be okay if I told Ned that you’ve adopted me?”
Tony isn’t facing the elevator when Peter stumbles out onto his floor of the Tower. “Welcome home party animal. When Happy said he wasn’t coming to get you anymore I decided to wait up for you.” Peter suppresses a groan, those drinks he gulped down too fast are really starting to not agree with him.
“Dude you’re not ready for this. I was talking to Michelle, weird I know, but she came to me. Started asking me questions about Spider-Man. Turns out that she met him! Last night!” Peter fakes interest, asking questions and giving a ‘no way!’ or ‘dude!’ every now and then. “Apparently, she was on the roof of her apartment block just reading when, BOOM, there’s an explosion nearby. Then Spider-Man comes in out of nowhere being chased by some weird green dude. And the guy is throwing bombs all over the place so Spider-Man picks up Michelle and swings away with her to keep her safe! I mean, can you believe it? I’m so jealous man.” Ned is practically drooling at the thought of being rescued by Spider-Man and Harry looks at Peter his expression reading as ‘seriously what’s with this guy and Spider-Man?’
Peter tries to not let his disappointment show on his face as Tony approaches and pulls the boy against his chest under the comfortable weight of the older man’s arm. “Aren’t you friends with the OSCORP heir? Maybe he could help.” Peter shrugs non-committedly in response finally resigning himself to the fact that he’ll need to ask Harry for help if he wants to get anywhere.
They haven’t spoken since Peter basically ran away from Harry’s house on Saturday. He doesn’t even know how to approach the situation. Should he bring it up and address it head on? Or just pretend it didn’t happen?
On the 12th of April, exactly five months since he has been living with the Bakers, Peter’s world is flipped upside down again. Things in the foster home have gone from bad to worse. The Bakers have yet to follow through on their promise to have Peter moved to a different home, but other promises (punishments) they are more than willing to see through. So, for the past four weeks Peter has been in charge of all cleaning duties in the house; something which all of the kids were previously on a rota for. Thanks to what has been dubbed as his “reckless behaviour” and “annoying antics”, by Mr. Baker, the punishment the couple deemed fit was the responsibility of cleaning for everyone.
Peter is over the moon when they finally get back to the Tower, shopping is unquestionably not his favourite pastime. Bucky and Sam are waiting for them in the kitchen twin smiles of mischief painted on their faces, the smiles are explained as soon as Sam starts pestering Peter to try on the suit for them.
The news is playing quietly on the large TV screen with Steve being the only one truly interested in the program, as Peter is engaged in another conversation with Clint. The conversation is easy and he relaxes in the presence of the other man. That is until Clint calls Natasha into the discussion, looking for a detail about a mission they went on together back in early S.H.I.E.L.D days.
“You don’t have a suit!”
When the school day ends Peter invites Ned back to the Tower with him to do homework and to go over what he’s missed at the last few decathlon practices so he can be prepared for their meeting tomorrow.
Ned rolls his eyes and sits up so that his feet dangle over the edge of the bed. “I’m guessing you’re smiling like an idiot at your phone because you’re texting MJ. Dude, she’s literally down the hall. Just go talk to her.”
As the song comes to an end everyone claps and cheers announcing how amazing Harry’s playing was. Peter even thinks the boy looks a bit bashful at all of the praise.
Michelle (Decathlon): I’m the team captain idiot, it’s my job. Anyway, will you be back? Cause if not we need to find your replacement.
At the top of the article are two pictures, one clearly showing the Green Goblin gliding over an apartment building. The other is a rather unflattering picture of Spider-Man tripping over a puppy after getting tangled in the leash.
The music is blasting as per usual. Tony has been trying to educate Peter on ‘real’ music in the past few days, and although Peter appreciates the effort he just doesn’t think he’ll ever really like all the ACDC stuff that Tony listens to.
Peter wanders over to the record player which is softly playing the 1975, one of Harry’s favourite bands. “Change it if you want to Peter.” When he turns to look at the other boy Peter finds him seated on the large windowsill lighting a cigarette dangling from his lips. “Oh sorry, you don’t mind, do you?”
This goes on for about half an hour until Ned is somewhat satisfied, more like he finally runs out of questions. “This is insane dude. So, were you fighting that new guy, the Green Goblin, last night?”
Had Peter been delusional in convincing himself he liked Harry as nothing more than a friend?
The story moves on drawing comparisons between this attack and several others over the past few months, speculating about the new villain’s involvement in the others. And that’s when it happens.
“Would it really be so bad if they knew Peter? They could help you. I mean you’re safe and not dead, but last night was really scary. What if it happens again? Or gets worse?”
Peter is fairly certain his mouth is hanging open, but he isn’t really sure how else he is supposed to respond in this situation. “I, um-” His voice cracks much to his horror and embarrassment. After clearing his throat, he tries again. “That’s really nice of you to say Mr – um, Steve. But, why me?”
“You did.” She replies bluntly. “But, I understand why…” It’s abundantly obvious that Michelle is uncomfortable with speaking so openly, by her standards. “So… Yeah.”
Ned eventually finds them back there and smiles in delight when the super heroes congratulate him as well, before he tells Peter that the team are heading out now to start sight-seeing.
Slowly but surely the present becomes clearer. He can hear Tony talking to him, speaking reassurances and trying to get his breathing under control.
“Of course it is, come sit with us.” Peter makes his way over to the couch and sits carefully beside Bucky who smiles reassuringly. “So,” Sam begins again after a few minutes of quiet, aside from the TV. “Harry seems like a nice kid.”
Harry shrugs. “I don’t really, filthy habit. Mr Workman’s English notes are driving me to it though.”
“I can’t imagine what he must be going through.”
“You’ll regret that Spider-Man!” Green-guy steadies himself again, preparing to throw another explosive.
When it’s finally time to leave Peter walks Ned and Harry down to the main entrance. Ned’s mom is there waiting for him and he rushes off to jump in the car and avoid the rain with a goodbye barely shouted over his shoulder, leaving Harry and Peter alone watching the rain bounce off of the sidewalk.
“Your observation skills are unparalleled my friend.” Both boys chuckle and a small amount of tension leaves the room.
When they’re waiting on the platform MJ turns to him with a determined look in her eyes. “Peter, was this a date?”
Okay, that Peter can admit to. “Does anyone else know?” They’ve started walking again and are just approaching the Tower doors.
Peter’s phone hasn’t left his hand for the past twenty minutes as he’s been texting Harry back and forth constantly since last night when the other boy left the Tower. He’s smiling stupidly down at the small screen, unable to stop a laugh leaving his mouth after reading the most recent text from the blonde boy.
He meets Mrs. Warren on the landing once he’s dressed, she greets him with a smile and guides him down the stairs. The Bakers are sitting in the family room discussing something in angry whispers, Peter assumes it’s about him but he pays them no mind, choosing to focus on following Mrs. Warren to the dining room instead.
“Um, yeah. Yeah, I’d like that.” Harry darts forward to capture Peter’s lips in a chaste kiss. “If there’s more of that involved, I’m really onboard with the whole dating thing.” The blonde laughs again, his entire face lighting up, eyes crinkling at the corners. Peter decides if Harry’s goal is to make him blush then his will be to make Harry laugh, because he looks beautiful when he does.
Hello everyone, be prepared for lots of Harry and Peter fluff in this one!
She smiles now which Peter counts as a win already. “Yeah I’d like that, nerd.”
“Ooh, Petey-pie’s got a girlfriend.” Are the first words out of Tony’s mouth. “From the moment I laid eyes on you Pete I knew you would follow after me; brains, looks and killer game with the ladies.”
Peter’s interest in bio-chemistry is a recent development, physics has always been his main interest, but after the bite Peter switched up his reading materials to include more biology in an attempt to understand exactly what the spider did to him. He figured a man who was exposed to radiation and now turns into a giant green monster was a good place to start.
“Well are any of the other team members going to be there?” Harry presses further. No, Peter responds, it will just be the two of them. “Sounds like a date to me Pete.”
“Okay, can I stop now?” He pleads with the adults who laugh, Tony waves him off to go get out of the suit and he takes off at a run to get back into jeans and a t-shirt.
“No one willing to give him up? Maybe you just need more of an incentive.” The man with the metal wings drops the band member he was holding by the foot, people are screaming and Peter’s trying to figure out how he can intercept without his suit when a familiar red and gold blur swoops in to catch the bassist seconds before he would hit the ground.
Peter looks at Harry fully now, they’re standing with barely any space between them, and when he meets Harry’s eyes there’s something swimming beneath the false show of anger and mocking. Peter can tell it’s false, he can see it in Harry’s eyes which are far too expressive and give everything away.
Mr. Stark smiles approvingly. “Midtown High. You’re a sophomore, right?”
“No, no, no. JARVIS please. I would really like this to remain a secret. They can’t know I’m Spider-Man. Can you please keep this between us?”
Thor goes back to joking and chatting with the group as if nothing happened but Peter gets the impression that Natasha isn’t going to let it go as easily. If the expression with a single raised eyebrow and head cocked to the side she is currently watching him with is anything to go by.
After school MJ meets Peter at his locker and they walk in a somewhat awkward silence with Harry in tow to get the train.
“What do you think you know?” He tries to play it cool but inside he’s panicking.
So, following at least three pictures with every Avenger and ten minutes late Peter finally makes it to the bus that’s waiting to take the entire Decathlon team to Connecticut.
“Haha, yeah, Steve’s watched so many it’s almost as if he was there the way he talks about it sometimes…” Peter trails off laughing to himself. “Have you got a lot of work? I know they’ve been laying it on thick to get you caught up.”
Peter swears he can see a blush dusting across Harry’s cheeks. “Thanks Peter, I might just take you up on that.” They share a soft smile almost not realising that the train has pulled into their stop.
Tony chuckles. “That’s the thing Pete, it’s not really Avengers business. If it was we’d only take a couple of people with us, but as it stands right now everyone else who lives in this tower is coming as well, despite the fact they don’t need to. Everyone has become quite fond of Wakanda, they look for any excuse to go back.”
Peter is unsure of what to do with himself, the emotions he feels are overwhelming. Every time he opens his mouth to speak he doesn’t trust himself not to cry while doing it. Before he knows it, he’s being hugged tightly by Captain America. “We are truly so happy to have you here Peter.” He relaxes into the embrace and when they pull back Peter is fairly certain he can see unshed tears shining in Steve’s eyes. Tony walks over, wrapping an arm around Steve’s waist and pressing a kiss to his forehead. He lifts his other arm and tilts his head to the side which Peter takes as his signal to join the hug.
In the darkness of his room Peter reflects on the fact that a few months ago he could have sworn he would never have another truly happy moment in his life, and now he has loving and supportive parents who live with and have some of the weirdest friends on the planet, that just so happen to be equally loving and kind.
Peter doesn’t have many memories of his dad. He knew that he was a scientist but that was about it. Aunt May and Uncle Ben hadn’t liked speaking about Peter’s parents because they found it too upsetting and Peter had respected that. But now he’s been given more information than he thinks he can handle.
He only realises he has made it out when he can finally feel fresh air filling his lungs. Running on adrenaline now Peter ignores the throbbing pain in his leg and swings away from the burning wreck heading to the only place he can think of.
The Winter Soldier’s gaze narrows slightly. “Come on ace, don’t play this off. This is serious. If some punk is messing you about you need to tell someone. Especially if it’s…”
The phone in his hand buzzes with a text message from Steve:
Okay so still a lot of ground to cover with this universe. My next part of this series will probably be Peter meeting the rest of the Avengers, so keep an eye out for that!
The blonde saunters back over to Peter singing along to the song. With an impressive hair flip he crouches down in front of the other boy getting right up close to Peter’s face so that their noses are practically touching.
Peter spots MJ chatting with Sally and decides to end the day on a high note. He approaches the girls and apologises to Sally as he asks MJ to speak with her.
Steve smiles kindly, obviously pleased with Peter’s commitment to his friends. Little does he know Peter’s real intentions for going to see the Osborn boy. “Sure it is son, if you go out just be back home for six at the latest. Alright?”
Thank you again for reading. I'm hoping to have the final chapter to this mini-story up as quickly as possible, hopefully within the next few days.
“You are already enough of a nuisance boy, what with all the screaming and crying, this could quite possibly be the last straw. If you continue to sneak out we will be putting in a request to have you sent to another foster home. Is that clear?” Peter is seething. He keeps his gaze trained at the table top, refusing to make eye contact with Mr. Baker. “I said, is that clear? You will answer me boy.”
The God of Thunder seems to have recovered from his momentary shock as he picks the hammer up with ease and swings it around as if it weighs no more than a piece of paper. “Exactly right. None of you would be fit to rule Asgard.”
“Are you serious? First MJ, now you. Feels like everyone is getting to meet him except me.” Ned pouts slightly and Harry laughs.
Avengers Debriefing, suit shopping, family happiness and school dance drama!
Every time he tries to move the beam the motion intensifies the pain in his leg. He’s panting hard trying desperately to get a breath in knowing that if he can’t move this beam he will definitely die in here.
Like I said, I'm aiming for the third part of this series to start next week so keep any eye out for it.
“You know if you ever need any help I’d be more than happy to study with you.”
“Well aren’t I lucky?” Steve says between kisses, slowing making his way to Tony’s mouth.
Peter can see Harry’s blonde hair before he’s even left the lobby of the Tower. The sight of his friend makes Peter’s heart beat faster and suddenly he feels nervous. Before he can truly give in to the odd feelings and over think them too much he’s stepping out onto the streets of New York and calling Harry’s name.
“Ignore them Peter, just follow my lead.” It’s awkward and clumsy, and Peter definitely steps on Steve’s feet more than once, although the blonde is too polite to say anything.
“Ace,” Bucky is openly grinning and clearly finding the whole situation hilarious. “That was your cue.”
The girl looks up from her book with an unimpressed frown. “I’m here.” She states.
Peter hits him on the chest. “Ew, you sound like my dad.”
Peter successfully dodges each one, he crouches waiting for the next attack and trying desperately to create a plan. During the next round of dodge the explosives Peter gets a good look at the hover craft, giving him an idea.
“No Ned, I can’t! You’re the only one that knows, we can’t tell anyone else.” Peter almost thinks he imagines it but he’s certain a look of pride passes across Ned’s face upon learning he’s the only one that knows about Spider-Man. “If I don’t do this now it will never heal right.” Ned still doesn’t look convinced. “You don’t have to stay Ned, I can do it by myself.”
More recently Natasha had decided to try to reach out to the boy after his disappearing act last weekend only to notice the second he stumbled out of the elevator that he was injured again. Of course, she had helped him wrap the injury properly so that it would heal but after that she wasn’t really in the mood to be empathetic.
Bucky is intimidating to say the least, he doesn’t look as harsh or angry as Peter remembers him looking on the news a few years ago, but there’s still a presence about him regardless. So, you can imagine Peter’s shock when the soldier reaches out to shake his hand with a smile that can only be described as welcoming, or even charming.
When Wednesday morning arrives, Peter realises he’s going to have to tell Steve and Tony about MJ coming over that afternoon. He decides to broach the subject as he’s about to leave for school which will give him a good escape route when the inevitable teasing begins.
As he lies in his bed that night, his new bed in his new home where he feels safe and welcome, Peter thinks that maybe he is finally starting to catch a break in life.
“Thanks JARVIS. If they ask I’m going to take a nap.”
Warning you now, this chapter is quite cheesy. I've been watching lots of nice happy movies lately and wanted to get a decent amount of fluff into this fic before I lay anymore angst on.
Peter meets Rhodey, the Super Dads head off on a mission and while they're away Peter's life get just a bit more complicated.
“So, you like science?”
“Oh, hey Nat. Sorry I gave you guys all such a scare, I’m the worst at remembering to charge my phone.” Peter walks further into the room trying desperately not to wince as he forces himself to walk normally. “I’m totally beat so I’m just gonna go straight to bed I think.”
He smiles again. “Nice to meet you Peter. I’m Harry. As you’ve probably noticed I’m new, don’t know anyone, would you mind showing me the ropes around here?”
“Yes sir?”
“You okay?” Peter nods. “We’ve been tracking the technology they used to tear off the roof for a few months now, it's almost certainly alien tech. Your dads aren’t stalking you.” She smiles in a way that causes Peter to laugh slightly. “Is Harry still here?”
Thankfully Ned and Peter have found a fellow geek in Harry. He’s useless at science but a love of Star Wars exists outside of academic ability. Not that Harry isn’t smart, his talents just lie in more literature based subjects, and music apparently, but the boy is reluctant to divulge much of that yet. Despite consistent pestering on both Ned’s and Peter’s part.
There’s a snort from the kitchen table as Peter, face bright red, slots into Steve’s arms. “JARVIS, make sure you’re filming this.” Steve turns around to glare at his husband.
Peter’s never noticed before but Harry’s eyes have flecks of gold in them. They’re really quite pretty he thinks.
Peter closes his eyes, he can see the red and blue lights flashing, can feel the heat of the flames burning against his face.
They pass their morning of classes as they always do, with Peter helping Harry as best he can when the teachers have their backs turned. Eventually lunchtime rolls around and Peter is delighted to realise he hasn’t even thought about Saturday’s events, any of Satuday’s events, until he sees Ned waving them over to a table.
Peter can feel the heat flaring up his neck and blooming across his face. He doesn’t even need a mirror to know that he must look like a tomato right now. “Yeah, he’s uh, he’s a great friend.”
The always helpful part of Peter’s brain reminds him that he’s dealing with the Director of SHIELD here, a highly trained spy and extremely powerful man, there is every possibility Nick Fury knows he is Spider-Man. And there is every possibility he insisted Peter was invited to this debriefing because the two flying idiots had been after him.
Peter thinks he really quite likes MJ.
He’s staring blankly at the floor when the Police Officer from earlier approaches him with Mrs. Warren, a social worker. She explains that because May was his last known relative, and because he’s only fifteen, making him a minor, he is now under the protection of the state. Mrs. Warren sits beside him, placing a hand on his shoulder as she explains what the next steps forward will be. Peter assumes that the hand is supposed to be comforting, but he’s barely registering that this conversation is happening so it’s not doing much to help.
“Um, 4.5? I think… That’s what it was the last I checked.” Mr. Stark looks as though he’s about to ask another question, but the Captain places a hand on his arm which Peter takes as him telling the other man to be quiet.
“He’s right. Would’ve been here sooner, but the child care system is messy, lots of paper work and things to sign.” Mr. Stark makes a disgusted face at the idea of having to sign forms which causes Peter’s lips to quirk into a small smile. “Shall we sit?”
“We’re not here to quiz him about school Tony. Honestly,” The super-soldier rolls his eyes and turns to Peter with a kind smile. “he doesn’t know when to stop. Sorry about that.”
Between the hammer tonight and his leg last night, on top of every other suspicious thing she has ever caught him doing Peter really needs to start being more cautious. Or start coming up with some excellent lies.
MJ has stopped to speak to a few of the other team members just shy of the gate as Peter gets closer to the girl he can’t help but think of what Ned said. Does he have a crush on MJ? Lately it seems as though everyone knows something about Peter’s romantic life that he doesn’t.
JARVIS’ voice rings out alerting them to dinner around seven o’clock. Truthfully, they haven’t done as much Lego building as they have messing around and watching stupid YouTube videos.
Peter had expected to cry, or to break down, or maybe even have a panic attack because those have been happening more frequently, which is just what Peter needs really, another issue that causes him to be a disturbance in his foster home. What Peter hadn’t expected was a total feeling of nothing.
“Well, guess I’ve finally found the party table. Come on, all of you up, I’ve got a car waiting outside to take us back to mine.” Harry takes Peter’s hands in his own to pull the boy up from his seated position. “The real party starts now.” With a beaming smile Harry pulls the trio out of the gymnasium doors all the while shouting his address at everyone they pass.
“Well, who am I to protest against such an excellent argument?”
“Do you want to talk about it?” Tony broaches the subject tentatively, giving Peter the opportunity to say no. But Peter is trying to get better at expressing his emotions, he’s finding that talking things through helps with future panic attacks. So slowly but surely he explains what caused the panic, Tony and Steve listening intently all the while.
“Is there even a book in here you haven’t read?” Peter whispers over her shoulder. “Every time I see you you’ve got a new book in your hands, surely you’ve read them all by now.” MJ just laughs slightly in response and then settles on her new book, pays at the counter and then they’re back out in the New York summer.
“JARVIS?”
“I might…” There’s a long pause. “If the right person asked me I probably would.” MJ is looking at him intently now.
Peter looks up, surprised. He can’t even stop the snide remark falling from his lips before his brain has even registered it. “Didn’t look that way to me.”
He spots Harry from afar, blonde hair perfectly styled and leather jacket firmly in place despite the fact it’s the end of May and currently seventy-one degrees out.
The corners of MJ’s mouth turn up ever so slightly. “Touché Parker.”
There’s a look of confusion painted clear across Peter’s face now but Natasha doesn’t give him any time to over think the situation. With an expertly executed swipe of her foot Natasha knocks Peter’s feet out from under him, a move that should send the boy crashing to the floor. Instead Peter lands on delicately placed fingertips and flips himself over with practiced ease.
It’s on his fourth week in the foster home that Peter returns to school. At first, he’s desperate to get back to normality, back to classes, decathlon, getting to see Ned again, and when he arrives at school he’s actually kind of happy and excited for the first time in a month. This changes rapidly however when he walks into the main hall and all eyes turn to face him. Then the whispers start. No one approaches him, but Peter knows that they’re all talking about him. Some people shoot him sympathetic glances, or sad smiles, but most just talk about him as if he isn’t even there.
Slowly the two boys slump closer together, Harry’s arm comes up to wrap around Peter’s shoulders and he pulls the other close against him. It’s very cosy and feels right. Being under Harry’s arm, snuggled up against him, feels natural just like everything with the boy does. Peter can’t quite believe he was denying his feelings for the blonde boy for so long. He wants to travel back in time and slap his past self across the face.
Not usually one for confrontation Peter has concluded that it will be the only way to get the former assassin off his back. So, a few hours after their bizarre interaction in the gym Peter finds himself in the elevator on the way to Bruce and Natasha’s floor to address the woman’s suspicions head on.
“Correct.”
at his husband. “When do we leave?”
Harry looks exhausted at the mere thought of homework. “I think that is the understatement of the century. It’s not my fault I’m awful at science!”
------
“We can’t always save everyone, but sometimes the universe gives you an opportunity to put something right.” Steve has appeared on Peter’s other side, taking a similar stance to his husband. “Peter it would mean the world to us if you considered letting us adopt you and becoming a part of our family.”
“Alright Mr Heroic, you need to get out of here before my dad comes back.” The blonde boy helps lift him up from the ground and starts to guide him back inside.
Peter laughs softly. “Okay, MJ.”
“Sorry.” He shuffles his feet staring down hard at the kitchen counter. Peter takes a deep shuddering breath and then explains. “I found out that my dad, Richard Parker, worked for OSCORP and I would really like to read some of his work but it’s not available to the public, and I know it’s like totally inappropriate but could you maybe…”
“Oh. My chores? I clean.” Peter has to stop a small smile of satisfaction from appearing on his face. He knew that the Bakers were not allowed to make the children in their care clean like this. Who in their right mind gives children bleach?
Clint snorts. “Glad you said it.” Peter flicks a piece of pasta at the archer in annoyance.
Peter is quite looking forward to having some peace and quiet in which to unpack the confusing thoughts swirling about his head, but of course in his home that’s too much to ask for.
Harry is stood, somewhat frozen, watching the chaos unfold. Throwing all caution to the wind and ignoring his Spidey-sense entirely Peter all but throws himself into the fray dodging bombs and debris alike in a desperate scramble to get to Harry.
There’s a hearty laugh and a tall blonde man stomps toward them. “It appears your offspring shares your same passion for food Rogers.” Peter looks up at the man with wide eyes. Standing in front of him smiling with all his impressive Asgardian might is Thor the God of Thunder. “Glad to meet you young Peter, your fathers have told me many great things.”
“Better not be.” He says accepting the kiss with a smile. “Ignore him Peter. I’m sure she’s a lovely girl and I’m looking forward to meeting her.”
Over the next few hours Thor asks Peter numerous questions, apparently the God of Thunder is very interested in and confused by the American school process. The number of people at the party, which Steve still insists is not a party, slowly starts to dwindle until it’s just the main group of Tower inhabitants left.
“Did you know?” The other boy asks cautiously.
“I just wanted to come and remind you about Decathlon practice today afterschool, it’s one of the last big ones we have before the final next Wednesday in Connecticut so it’s important you’re there.” For someone who usually appears so uninterested and fed up with everything Peter is surprised to hear something akin to passion in MJ’s voice when she talks about the Decathlon team.
Ned and Harry begin an intense discussion about the merits of the Star Wars prequels that Peter is more than content to just listen to. The pair have just moved onto discussing Ewan McGregor’s casting as Obi Wan when MJ comes to sit beside Peter, opposite from Ned and Harry.
Unknown: Are you planning to come back to decathlon at any point?
Things are definitely starting to look up for Peter.
He has several text messages from Ned gushing about how well he got along with Liz, Peter decides those can wait as there are far more pressing text messages. First there’s one from MJ asking where he went last night and asking if he’s okay. Then there are the texts that make his heart flip, three messages from Harry.
“It’s not even your work Stark.” Bucky strolls out of the elevator into the workshop. “Don’t let him fool you Peter, he’s not as smart as he wants everyone to think he is.” Bucky whispers making the younger boy laugh.
Ned brushes off the apology and happily gets up to retrieve his ‘party hat’ from the nightstand. “It gives me confidence.” He says proudly.
Harry finally acknowledges him now, staring open mouthed at his saviour. “Hey, um, thanks? I think I was kind of in shock back there, I probably would have died if you hadn’t shown up when you did. So, yeah, thank you.” His shy grin is so endearing, and Peter is very glad to have a mask over his face because he’s almost certain he’s grinning like a fool.
Being faced with Mr. and Mrs. Baker can actually be quite intimidating, sitting at one end of the table while the couple sit at the other staring you down with their harsh looks.
“Thanks Michelle.”
Peter’s mind races with all of the reasons he’s nervous, all of the reasons he can’t voice and the things he desperately wishes he could scream about but can’t, not for fear of having Spider-Man taken away from him.
Peter blanks, he hadn’t even thought about what to say if someone asked where he had gone. He had thought that he would have been able to avoid Tony and Steve until tomorrow morning and by that point he would have managed to come up with something, lying has never been his strong suit.
“If that is what you would prefer, then it would be my pleasure, Peter.”
There’s a beeping noise from the kitchen which signals that that the dryer is done. Ned proclaims that it’s Peter’s Spider-Man suit and goes to retrieve it.
Peter’s behind her now fists raised in anticipation, she spins around and strides towards the boy. He backs up quickly but Natasha is quicker and before long she has him pinned to the ground.
Peter springs up and swings down towards the building. There are people rushing out of the main door looking terrified and clutching whatever they could carry close to their chests. When he lands on the street in amongst the survivors a man runs towards him yelling about being able to hear a woman crying on one of the higher floors.
Peter crawls up the building beside him to get a better vantage point and notices three armed gunmen exiting a bank. After a brief chase Peter manages to get the three men webbed up pretty easily, and he returns the stolen money to the bank, before going back to the alley where he left his stuff to change and head home.
, but Peter decides it actually suits their strange style.
They’re parting ways for the night, Peter about to head back down to his own floor, when Tony and Steve both stop to give him tight hugs that last just a little bit longer than usual. They both insist that if Peter needs them for any reason, he is to ask JARVIS to waken them, no matter what time it is. The warm feeling returns to Peter’s chest as he remembers when May and Ben would tell him the same thing.
------
Harry is being uncharacteristically quiet. He doesn’t even say goodbye when they get off the train, just lights a cigarette and walks off.
Peter shrugs while taking a sip from the orange juice in front of him. “I’m nervous because I know there’ll be staring and whispering.”
“Why do you keep saying that? Why would it matter if it was homophobic? It doesn’t affect me, because I’m not gay!”
They’ve been shopping for a while, getting Peter basically a whole new wardrobe and even finding some stuff that he thinks would go great in his new room. Peter isn’t used to spending money so freely, Aunt May and Uncle Ben weren’t poor but they didn’t have disposable income to just spend however they wished. It takes several reassurances from both Steve and Tony before Peter becomes some-what comfortable with them spending ridiculous amounts of money on him, and even at that he feels guilty the entire time.
“All I will say is I have a second date on Saturday and I will not be answering anymore questions until I’ve eaten.” His parents back off seeming satisfied enough with this response for now.
Bucky can clearly sense Peter’s unease and backtracks. “You don’t need to tell me kiddo don’t worry. I’m not interrogating you or nothin’, just wondered if you wanted to talk about it.”
“Calcutta. It was fine thanks for asking.”
“Get them for you?” Tony supplies helpfully. “The short answer is yes. I absolutely could. The long answer is that I shouldn’t.” Peter’s eyes fly up to meet his adoptive dad’s apologetic ones. “I had a pretty nasty falling out with old Norman a few years back for doing exactly that, I won’t get into the details, but I’d rather not drag all that through the press again. Sorry kid.”
“Peter!” Harry calls out, rushing over to where he has crumpled on the floor. Norman seems even angrier now but strides off inside to start screaming at everyone to get out of his house rather than trying to take it out on Harry again.
Later that night when he’s lying in bed Peter realises that this is the best he has felt in a long time. The high of managing to stop the criminals hadn’t left him even when Mr. and Mrs. Baker confronted him after dinner for waking up two of the other kids with his screaming last night.
“Hello to you too.”
What the teen doesn’t notice is that the entire time he’s been staring at Harry, Bucky and Sam have been watching him and sharing looks of curiosity between one another.
“Shit.”
“Romamov! What the hell are you playing at?” The intense staring match between her and Peter breaks as Tony comes running into the room. She moves off of Peter allowing his dad to help him up off the ground.
“Okay, how do I fix it then?” There’s resounding silence from everyone who was more than happy to tease him a few minutes ago. “Oh, so you have nothing to say now? Convenient.”
Steve stands to round the table and sit next to his husband as the elevator doors slide shut. “That, was a very sweet thing to do.” He presses a kiss to Tony’s cheek.
“Can you imagine losing your parents AND your aunt and uncle?”
The boy gives him no room for worry however, taking the information entirely in his stride. “What is it with Dad’s and World War Two? They all love watching documentaries about it don’t they?”
Both men crack smiles at that, the tension leaving the room. “Strangely, it does make me feel better.” Tony laughs as Steve smacks him on the head.
They are ushered up to the common floor with Tony asking Ned various general questions the entire way up. Tony’s effort doesn’t go unnoticed by Peter who is extremely touched that his parent wants to get to know his best friend.
“Yeah yeah. ‘The kid’s a genius’, ‘she’s smarter than you’. I’ve heard it all before Elsa. Do you want your arm back or not.” Tony can clearly sense Peter’s confusion. “I made the first round of developments on the arm, but after the Ice Princess here went away to Wakanda to learn how to control his ice powers or something, the King’s sister got her little hands on it.”
Peter hesitates, he feels awkward talking about this, he hasn’t even come to terms with everything himself let alone having to put it into words. “I’m…” Harry waits patiently for him to figure out what to say, Peter’s heart flutters with the care being shown to him. After taking a deep breath he begins to speak. “I’m just trying to figure out how I fit into this. I’ve been denying how I feel about you for weeks now,” Peter tries to ignore the look of pride that flits over Harry’s features at his words, but honestly he felt the same when hearing Harry has liked him for so long. “And now that we’re here I don’t know what this means for me.”
Tony has stepped out of the workshop to go and attend to some Stark Industries related business, leaving Peter to wander about the room examining all of the little things he’s been particularly curious about.
There’s an awkward pause in which Peter can tell there’s something on Harry’s mind. He’s just about to ask what’s up when the question is answered for him. “Are you still going to the dance with MJ?” Harry is pointedly not looking in Peter’s direction.
MJ eventually comes back to find them because it’s time to go and get dinner. By that point Peter has somewhat recovered from the shock of new information and is able to follow his best friend down to the main entrance to meet the rest of the team.
Peter clears his throat suddenly very uncomfortable. Although he isn’t sure why. Harry knew he was planning to ask MJ to the dance, that isn’t something he has to feel guilty for. Is it? “Yeah, yeah I am…”
“Um, thanks… Hey JARVIS?”
The boy hasn’t ever seen MJ display any emotion remotely close to nervousness but he swears right now he can see a light blush across her cheeks. “Bye loser.”
When he wakes up again the alarm clock to his right proclaims it to be two o’clock. Peter slowly pushes himself into a sitting position and smiles softly when he notices that Ned has propped his leg up on a few cushions to keep it elevated.
“How are you feeling about today?” Peter looks up from his plate to meet Tony’s gaze, his eyes kind and understanding. Peter knows that both of his guardians can sympathise with how he is feeling right now given that they’ve both had their fair share of nerve-wracking situations, the key difference being that theirs probably were also life-threatening situations.
I hope you enjoyed!
There’s a large picture of Richard Parker in the centre of the exhibit smiling right at him.
“Well, this is quite worrying. Anyway, that is a matter for another time. I need you to go and get changed for me, nice clean clothes please. There’s a couple downstairs that are interested in adopting you.” It’s difficult to not let Mrs. Warren’s infectious warmth get his hopes up. Even as he’s getting dressed Peter reminds himself that this might not go the way he is hoping it will. Given his track record chances were this couple would take one look at him and decide that the Bakers had been right all along.
“Sure thing Peter.” She squeezes his shoulder lightly and walks over to talk to a SHILED agent who’s just arrived on the scene.
Thankfully Physics is the last class of the day, as soon as the bell goes Peter rushes out of class to avoid his aggressor. Harry and Ned are waiting for him at his locker, deep in conversation about Ned’s new Lego set that the three of them have made plans to tackle over the weekend.
“Best way to win a dame over is with dancing, believe me. It was my signature move back in the day, isn’t that right Stevie?” The super soldier winks at Peter, grin still firmly in place.
Happy picks Peter up that night just after six o’clock. Never one for small talk Peter is more than a little surprised when Happy asks if he’s had a nice day. There’s a weight behind the question that suggests his parents had been in touch with Happy when he wasn’t answering his phone. Peter makes sure to keep all responses light-hearted so as not to arouse any suspicion from the head of security.
Steve makes his way onto their side of the breakfast bar, discarding the toast he was making in the process, to carefully take Peter’s face in his hands. “Who did this?” The seriousness of Steve’s voice conveys the intensity of Captain America, rather than Steve Rogers who makes the Avengers pancakes and sings along to Ariana Grande songs. Peter suddenly understands why bad guys think twice before taking this man on.
“I hope I didn’t interrupt your plans. I just figured you would’ve been holed up in your room studying and that you could use a change of scenery.”
Sure enough, his home screen is full of missed calls and text messages. Scanning through them quickly Peter spots three messages from Bruce, three messages and four missed calls from Natasha, five missed calls and ten text messages from each of his parent’s respectively, but by far the most notifications are from Bucky.
Ned returns then with snacks and the suggestion that they play Mario Kart, Peter gladly agrees.
Bucky raises his hands up. “Whoa kid don’t flip your wig, I was just concerned that’s all. Stevie used to get picked on real bad back in the day, and I know times have changed but there will always be homophobic jerks out there.”
Harry’s carefree walk halts causing Peter to stop as well, people push past them on the street with mild irritation. “Oh, so you’re still doing that are you?”
“No, I mean it’s not like anyone really pays any attention to you.”
Steve interrupts the fun as the clock turns ten insisting that Peter should probably be heading to bed. Clint teases him slightly but bids the younger boy goodbye as he’ll be returning back to the farm tomorrow until the next Avengers meeting in a few weeks’ time.
“MJ would probably be the one kicking me.” Peter mutters to himself. The girl can be truly terrifying at times.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Ouch.” Peter turns to face MJ as they get into the elevator.
“You can hardly make fun of him Buck, when you asked me on our first date-.”  Sam stops short, his eyes wide as he realises what he has just said.
He nods. “Yeah of course. I was gonna go see Harry anyway… Check in to make sure he didn’t get in too much trouble for last night… If that’s okay with you?”
The small family manage to steal a few minutes together backstage where Tony gushes about some of the science questions they had been asked and Steve just repeatedly states how proud he is of his son.
Sam and Bucky explain that they’ve been dating for a few months now but they didn’t want to tell anyone because it was so new. Once his parents have finished gloating they tell the couple how happy they are for them.
They pass a few hours, doing more chatting than studying and listening to Harry’s extensive record collection.
Feeling a deep sense of regret at over how he treated Bucky yesterday and guilt over seeing just how many times the super soldier had tried to get in touch Peter responds:
------
Peter ponders for a second, trying to decide whether to reveal just how much he actually knows about the Avengers. That he’s been mildly obsessed with them since he was a kid, and that Iron Man even saved him once at the Stark Expo. Tell Steve all about how he had every action figure, and the lunchbox and the bed sheets. About how his teachers used to have to ask him to draw something other than the group of super-heroes. He settles on explaining that he knows a lot, but not revealing the more embarrassing aspects of his Avengers-obsession.
Hello everyone! I'm so sorry about the amount of time I've been away from this fic, I truly had not expected it to last this long. But I'm back, and I bring with me a rather long chapter packed full of action and new plot points I want to develop and work on.
After texting back and forth for a while the boys decide it would be best for Harry to come over to the Tower, rather than meeting up in public or, God forbid, Peter going to his apartment. JARVIS lets the blonde boy straight in and up to Peter’s floor.
The dance is just about as boring as Peter imagined it would be. He dances with MJ a few times, Ned and other Decathlon members joining in for the faster songs, but it’s obvious to them both that neither one of them is particularly comfortable.
“Cool.” Throughout the course of the conversation the two teenagers have inched closer together so Peter reaches out to intertwine his fingers with MJ’s. Then they close the space between them entirely as their lips meet in a soft kiss.
“Peter!” Ned all but shouts through the phone causing Peter to flinch so violently he drops the phone and nearly rolls off the bed. He can faintly hear that Ned is still talking but keeps the phone at arm’s length while asking Ned to stop shouting. “Oh, sorry did you just wake up? I just was calling to see how you are, it’s been radio silence from you for a few days now, plus you said you had news.”
“… this young boy has experienced several tragedies in his short life. He’s very much so still in shock, the poor dear…”
The small family talk it out, reassuring Peter that he’s safe and that his emotions are valid. Something Tony and Steve are always sure to do given what they know about Peter’s bad experiences in the foster home.
Peter is just beginning to get bored when Ned and MJ call him over to an exhibit under the heading “Amazing Arachnids”. The humour is lost on MJ but Ned and Peter share a knowing smile as they wander around reading the various boards containing information about different types of spider.
Peter decides to be responsible and attempt to get some of his homework done before dinner time. He switches on the TV and fishes the Chemistry textbook out of his bag.
Tony continues to fuss over Peter, ensuring his son isn’t seriously hurt. As the pair leave the gym the teenager looks over his shoulder to shoot Natasha a meaningful look that clearly says he isn’t going to forget this quickly.
“Dude! I don’t think we’re supposed to be in here.” Ned whispers, but he follows Peter further into the lobby nonetheless. “Um, what are you doing? Where did you get that?!” He exclaims as Peter pulls a security pass out of his pocket, tapping it to a pad on the wall beside an elevator.
He’s quiet all through dinner, still processing the news.
“No. He’s with your dad in the lab.” Peter nods relieved that the scientist isn’t about for this conversation, he has no idea where this is going.
“Are you trying to read my mind or something?” He finally snaps, the woman doesn’t react except to raise an eyebrow. “That’s the only reason I can think of for why you’re staring at me.” Peter raises his arms and drops them back to his side exasperatedly.
When Ned sits the bed jostles and Peter is suddenly reminded of his injury when the movement causes his leg to feel as though it is on fire. He cries out and Ned jumps away as if he’s been electrocuted. “Oh God I’m so sorry Peter.”
The green-guy, as Peter has dubbed him, speeds towards him again throwing more of the small orbs, each one exploding and slowly destroying the building bit by bit. Green-guy continues his pursuit of Spider-Man, cackling maniacally the whole time.
“God, yeah, sorry bro you’re right I did say that. Everything is a bit crazy at the minute. Why don’t we meet up tomorrow and I can explain everything to you?”
“So,” Peter continues as they head down a busy New York street. “Are you headed home to start the dreaded homework now?”
Peter can feel his thoughts descending into peak overthinking mode but it is quickly overridden as his Spidey-sense goes into overdrive. There’s a massive explosion as the roof of the warehouse is torn off exposing the crowded room to the dark New York sky.
“Oh, he’s this new kid at school. Ned and I have been hanging out with him lately, he’s really cool, and he loves Star Wars almost as much as Ned and I do. It’s okay if he comes this weekend as well, right?”
It’s very quiet inside so they can’t do much talking but watching MJ wander amongst the books is a language in itself. The girl simply belongs here, Peter has never seen her more at ease.
“Yeah, yeah.” Peter rolls his eyes. “So, first thing, I got adopted.” Ned’s eyes widen, he smiles and tells Peter how happy he is for him. “Thanks, I’m really glad to be away from those awful people.” His friend nods understandingly. “The second thing is the bit that I need you to not freak-out about.” Again, Ned doesn’t look convinced and Peter is fully prepared for the boy to do exactly what he has, now repeatedly, asked him not to do. “The people who adopted me are kind of famous, I guess you could say?” Peter finds himself at a loss for words, unsure of how to tell Ned. “Actually, it might make more sense if I just show you where I live now.”
“Yeah, MJ is cool.” Peter happily shoves a forkful of pasta into his mouth. “It got a bit weird at the end though, I think she was annoyed with me but I don’t know why.”
He keeps his head down in an attempt to get to his seat without another confrontation or unnecessary interaction with a class mate, however Peter’s refusal to acknowledge his surroundings backfires when he sits down at his desk and realises there’s a new person sitting beside him.
Peter only just remembers to text Happy and his dads to let them all know about going back to Harry’s place, although he doesn’t mention that every other person in their school has also been invited. As far as the adults in his life know Peter’s on his way to a small gathering of just his close friends.
“We should probably start building this Millennium Falcon, right Ned? It’ll take us all day at this rate.”
“You’ve got a secret, a big one. Something you’re desperately trying to make sure no one figures out.” She puts the mug down on the island. “You have extraordinarily quick reflexes, you come home injured far more often than is ordinary for a teenage boy, and when you spar with Steve you pull your punches.” Peter stays silent, waiting to see what else the red head has to say before he responds. “The more I notice the more I think you bear a striking resemblance to a certain crime fighting vigilante that likes to swing about the streets of New York.”
I would like to make it well known that I am terrible at maths, like struggle to do basic multiplication terrible, so the maths question asked in the chapter makes no sense to me. It might be wrong. Who knows. I just wanted to sound smart. Blame Google.
Tony appears beside his husband, swooping in to greet Ned in a similar fashion. Ned remains frozen, saying nothing as an entire conversation is had in his presence, until Peter announces that he is going to show his friend his own floor in the tower.
Peter walks her back to the train station listening contentedly as MJ explains the newest true crime case she’s learning about from a podcast.
Ned on the other hand looks throughly confused and slightly terrified, a sentiment Peter feels reassured to see expressed on someone’s face other than his own.
It’s just passing eleven so he doesn’t expect anyone to still be in the common area. Normally by this time of night Tony is in his workshop or one of the labs, where Peter has been joining him recently, and Steve usually can be found drawing or watching some movie or tv show he’s been recommended to catch up on; recently he’s been making his way through season 4 of F.R.I.E.N.D.S. He’s not been here long but already Peter knows the routine, of course the introduction of the rest of the team means that this is likely to change, as Peter discovers when he enters the kitchen.
“You need to get out of here.” He urges the girl, remembering not to call her by her name. Peter knows Michelle, Spider-Man doesn’t.
Peter doesn’t think he has heard his social worker correctly at first, until Captain America is walking forward to shake his hand. “It’s lovely to meet you Peter, we’ve been wanting to for a while now.” The boy stares dumbfounded at the tall blond man in front of him and can only manage to nod in recognition.
Steve nods and Tony turns his attention back to the prototype he’s working on. “Sure son. Will you be back for dinner?” He decides to just grab something while he’s out and tells Steve he’ll probably be back around seven. “Okay, just make sure you’re back in enough time to get ready for school tomorrow.”
She finally looks up to meet his gaze. “No, I just don’t like people who are suspicious, particularly when that person is someone I have grown to be quite fond of.”
She is full-on smirking now. “Spiderling. Like a baby spider.” Peter’s ready to retort but is cut off by the image of Nick Fury appearing on the monitor at the front of the room.
They agree to meet just after lunch on Saturday at a coffee shop not too far from the Tower. Takeaway cups firmly in hand they begin walking with no real destination in mind until MJ asks if Peter would mind visiting a book shop with her. Of course, he agrees, and the curly haired girl leads him to a small shop crammed from floor to ceiling with every book imaginable.
“Please Peter, it is only fair if you also try and fail miserably just as your father did.” Thor smirks at Tony as the other man sends a rude gesture his way.
His face falls in disappointment as he watches all of the other kids get hugs and pats on the back from their parents and guardians. Peter understands that his situation isn’t the same, Steve and Tony can’t just show up at a high school decathlon competition without arousing suspicion and causing a stir. But he had expected a phone call or a text at the very least.
“Pretending you want to date MJ.” Harry sneers at Peter arms crossed against his chest in a clear sign of annoyance.
“Okay, so we have to talk about last night.” Peter says nothing, just nods in agreement to Steve’s words. “We understand that you’re young and there are pressures when you go to parties. But we trusted you Peter, and you let us down.” The disappointment is clear across both of his parent’s faces and Peter thinks it would be better if they were screaming and shouting instead.
The black eye isn’t as bad as it probably looked a few hours ago, okay maybe he’s back on better terms with the enhanced healing, but it’s clearly still a black eye blooming across the right side of his face. There is absolutely no way he’s gonna be able to hide this from Tony and Steve.
To Peter’s utter shock and surprise Nat is actually really funny. Before long the three are laughing together as stories are told about Hawkeye and Black Widow’s best escapades.
They land about two blocks away after Peter managed to distract the Green-guy, sending him in the opposite direction with a successful fake-out.
“Is that my son I hear?” Harry and Peter fly apart blushing furiously as a well-dressed man strolls into the lab. “Harry, my boy, you didn’t tell me you would be visiting today.” The man, Norman Osborn Peter guesses, comes to a stop in front of the pair towering over them easily with a distinct air of power surrounding him.
“That should be fairly easy considering I’m standing under the Avengers Tower.” Harry laughs and Peter has to stifle his own.
He greets her with an awkward wave, trying to play the ‘I’m just an adorable teen, nothing strange here’ act. But deep down he knows the woman’s suspicions have not been assuaged in the slightest.
As he walks to the train station Peter decides to let Harry take the lead. If the blonde boy doesn’t mention it then neither will Peter.
In all honesty his AP Physics class isn’t quite as ‘AP’ as he had hoped it would be.
Steve shares a look with Mr. Stark. “How did you know they said that to us?”
As time progressed nothing improved much. Turns out the other kids in the foster home aren’t exactly friendly, and did not take well to Peter thanks to his nightmares causing him to wake up screaming every time he actually manages to get some sleep, which is rare. Also, turns out that nightmares are a breach of rule number three, which makes absolutely no sense to Peter, it’s not as if he wants to wake up screaming. This however means that the Bakers have slowly but surely started to dislike Peter more and more.
Peter nods in agreement. “I have some memories…” He breaks off to clear his throat as his voice cracks thick with emotion. “But I can never tell what’s real and what I’ve created from stories my Aunt May and Uncle Ben told me.”
“That sounds like a great idea Harry.”
your hiding something.”
Peter sighs in frustration and rolls his eyes putting his phone face down on his knee. Does no one care about everything that has happened to him recently? It’s not like what happened with his Aunt May was a secret, the whole school knew and they made Peter painfully aware of that by talking about it whenever they thought he wasn’t in ear-shot. He’s not exactly friends with Michelle, but they’ve known each other long enough that Peter would consider them ‘friendly’, this is the kind of thing he would have expected from Flash, not her. Picking his phone back up, he furiously types a response, letting probably a bit too much of his frustration out.
“Okay… Well, just save me a dance, alright?” Harry winks and then waltzes through the doors of his apartment building leaving a dazed, confused and blushing Peter standing on the street alone.
“Hang on,” All eyes shoot over to Bruce. “if you’re so terrible at science then why do you go to a science focused High School?”
Peter can’t stop the laugh that leaves his mouth. MJ turns her piercing gaze on him. “Sorry, it’s just I wouldn’t really call you social either.”
Peter heads off towards his new favourite alley way, stashing his backpack and changing into his suit as quickly as possible. Before swinging off he sends a text to Tony telling him that he got held up at after-school study. Satisfied that he’s bought himself a few hours of freedom the boy swings into the hustle and bustle of New York.
“I knew this was here but I never made the connection.” He shrugs apologetically at Peter and pushes open the doors.
They meet outside of OSCORP on Saturday just after twelve o’clock. As per usual Harry looks effortlessly stylish in a pair of light blue baggy jeans, cuffed at the bottom, and a black The Smiths t-shirt tucked into the jeans to show off a belt which is clearly designer. Peter knows he doesn’t have much style but beside Harry he feels like he’s dressed in a potato sack.
“We’ll head up to the common area right now and show you around there to start.” Steve presses a button and the elevator shoots off going much quicker than Peter believed was possible.
Ever since the night at the concert Tony and Steve had been a bit more protective of Peter. For the past week he hadn’t been allowed to get the train to school. Happy had driven Peter, and Harry, every single day despite his protests. His friend hadn’t had the same reservations about being driven to and from school, in fact he had taken great delight in trying to break Happy’s cool demeanour each morning and afternoon.
Even now, sober, in the light of day Peter feels lightheaded and giddy at the memory. He almost can’t quite believe it happened however as he stumbles out of bed and catches sight of himself in the mirror there is a painfully glaring reminder of the night displayed clear on his face.
Harry shakes his head. “No a few of my friends are meeting us there.”
“If it’s what?” Peter questions suddenly becoming defensive in response to Bucky’s suggestive tone.
Bruce notably leans forward as Peter awkwardly explains his new endeavour to learn more about his birth father. “I knew Dr. Parker.” All eyes fly over to the scientist. “He was one of the leading researchers in radioactive experimentation. We corresponded a few times after the… accident…” The mention of the Hulk makes everyone uncomfortable and they all begin to disperse from the dining table.
The boy’s foot taps along to the song, banging noisily against the metal bar of the stool he’s perched on. There’s a Chemistry textbook lying forgotten to his left as Peter’s attention is entirely captured by the webpage currently open on his laptop.
“Wakanda?!” Peter practically shouts.
“Do you need anything? Can I get you a drink of water or something?” Harry fusses about with a panicked look on his face, his usually cool demeanour abandoned entirely.
“Is all of that clear Mr. Parker?” Once again Peter nods. “Excellent, I believe that you will be very happy here Peter. Now, the other children should be waking soon, we will have breakfast and I shall introduce you to them all.”
