"Study them tonight. Observe Landsbury’s caring manners and Miss Parker’s gentle gestures and if you are not blind, my dear Holmes, we’ll talk about it again tonight."
Sherlock trotted up the stairs to the first-floor landing and then paused and waited for John to catch up. As John reached the top of the stairs, Sherlock opened the door ahead of him and walked in, revealing the living room of the flat. John followed him in and looked around the room, and at all the possessions and boxes scattered around it.
As they made love, John had kissed down Sherlock’s spine. There, he could not overlook the scars on his lovers’ back. As a doctor, he
In a drawer in a bureau in an upstairs room of our retirement home in Sussex, there is a locked cedarwood box that I inherited as a youth from my grandfather. This is, one might say, my box of secrets.
The quote at the end is from the poem "The Raven" (1845) by Edgar Allan Poe. I added it for my translation as I believe it to be fitting for the atmosphere in this chapter. Also, the ending of the poem is quite foreshadowing...
"Lestrade! To which we owe the pleasure? Holmes isn‘t here, in case it was him you were looking for. Isn
When I woke the following morning, I was not as refreshed as I wished, and probably needed for today’s activities. Dreams had plagued me during the night, or had they been memories? I could not tell.
I stopped in front of him. I could not see Holmes’ face as his back was turned. Holmes was finishing some red berries in the fireplace's composition. I hesitated for a moment and then tenderly stroked his back, trying to show him with my gestures all the love I felt for him. It was difficult for me to communicate such things in words. With each passing day, I felt guiltier for what I could not say aloud, but Holmes, surely, could so easily guess, already had. Yet, I had spoken without thinking and let my head rule over my heart.
This story had gotten under my skin in a way that no other had. It was partly because it happened to me. More than that, it happened at my childhood home. It was because whatever happened—whether we would solve the case—Baker Street would never be the same after this.
“That’s fine,” Mrs Hudson replies, “But get on with it. I can tell this is going to be good just by the look on your face!”
in his possession. Neither did she ask about Sherlock’s experiments, nor inquire about the PSE poster hanging over Sherlock’s bed.
One fine morning, as I sat at the breakfast table in our sitting room, the door opened and Holmes entered. He was wearing a thick coat, as it was January and one of the coldest seasons since we had cohabitated 221b Baker Street.
I pointed to the fireplace, showing the chairs. I held up the bottle of brandy, offering to pour him another glass. A glance at the growing dark and the ongoing snowfall outside voted in my favour.
Watson watched him with a raised eyebrow. Holmes was in shirt sleeves with some pine needles caught in his hair or stuck to his clothes. A normal person would have looked ridiculously like that; instead, he was always the usual Holmes. Perhaps because it was not strange to see him dirty and dishevelled after investigations and hunting for the culprit between woods and heaths.
It's Sherlock Holmes who told Molly Hooper about the mind and the Ancient Greeks (or was it the Romans?) and their medicine. He elaborated that it is partly forgotten but rediscovered one day. He advised her to train and to activate her father’s memory. “Smells are powerful,” he lectured, and it was that advice that consoles Molly Hooper with her occupation.
The young maid, Mary-Ann, came in, her eyes sad and compassionate. "Would you like a cup of tea, sir? You haven't eaten yet and ..."
All were locked, but Holmes came prepared. He had his lock-picking kit at the ready and in no time, we were standing at the entrance. It was a tall room and already here most of the furniture and decorative items were sold or given away to charity, as only the bare walls and the wooden floor welcomed us. The floor held Holmes’ interest as he knelt and inspected them closely. The same procedure—Holmes’ examining and probably deducing while not uttering a word aloud—was repeated in the kitchen, the sitting room and the small library.
Sherlock can relate to Rosie - Watson - his heart is pumping as well. If John looked in his eyes, he would see them dilated. Tonight, he is an open book... if John will read him.
He wears red leggings with latticed shoes that go high up his leg and a light blue shirt that fits him smartly. On top of this, he wears a surplice, the long white tunic that parish clerks often wear.
It was one o’clock. The woman behind the desk opened a drawer and took out a brown paper bag, from which she removed several sandwiches, an apple, and a protein bar; she also took out a small plastic bottle of freshly squeezed orange juice. So much about needing the women’s advice in the first place, John
"There are the Winsterneys, but their mansion is a little further. Finally the home of old Count Henri de Questignac."
Instead of finding a note that showed the first letter of the days of the week with S for Saturday underlined, it read:
Sherlock was impatient, having spotted John’s scribbling on their kitchen calendar. It’s his John's thing. Sherlock himself didn’t need any reminder as his mind palace worked flawlessly. But he learned to make compromises. Secretly, it wasn’t an altogether unpleasant feeling when he spotted their shared adventures and upcoming dates. One was circled in: the central event during Pride Month, the London Parade. Obviously, Sherlock Holmes and John Watson have never been there ourselves, but it’s their private annual tradition to costume themselves with the most ridiculous outfits. Jokingly (or so Sherlock hoped), John has suggested going for “bad taste” this year. Apparently, he envisioned something like tourists in Mallorca.
headquarters, journalist Roy Robson taught me nothing. The latter quickly admitted to me he did not know Sherlock Holmes, that he had not even met him... until this day."
"John, John Watson. How did you know all that?" The stranger tries not to stammer but fails. He looks at him expectantly, which is unexpected. Everyone else on the market rushes by, ignoring him and vice versa.
John reached out to wake the man, hoping that he was doing the right thing. It was the second time that John touched the stranger. Not that he was counting.
loves to ruffle Sister Mary's feathers when she calls out the hypocrisy of virginity. Mrs Hudson is not one for mincing words. Once she came upon Sister Mary and told her, without batting an eyelash, “I’m looking forward to marrying a sixth time when I meet him. I don’t want to abstain from sex forever.”
“I don’t want to pry, Sherlock, but I’m curious. It’s just that... I feel better, so much better, since meeting you. However, I’m pretty sure that I haven’t wished for anything.”
The townspeople need Holmes, but they do not want to need him. If anyone in the nearby area was as skilled as him, they would surely run Holmes out-of-town.
Even the most casual observer would notice several odd things about him. The clenched teeth, for example, or the dull red glow coming from behind his sunglasses.
It has been a lovely evening. The rooms in 221b Baker Street were decorated with all the Christmas things one can imagine: mistletoe, ribbons, a little tin soldier, candles over candles, and even the skull had received a Santa treatment. Rosie had been delighted about all the colours, and in particular, the angles with their little wings were her personal favourite. More than once, Molly rescued one figure because otherwise fallen angels (would that be a demon then, John had wondered? He was not very well-read in such things. They looked nice, as this father and daughter could agree.)
"Understand," murmured the colonel. "She's my daughter, my whole life. I am ready to give all I have. Why don't they ask for money?"
If we ever let them slip, then as a general warning. We make this clear by giving them a sad ending.
All John Watson can do is watch his former business partner storm to his bedroom upstairs. Sherlock's bathrobe is flattering behind him like a Vampire's cape. John aches to call him back, to demand a proper explanation, but even more, to follow his proposition. Alas, there lies madness in this path.
“I have been driving this cab for thirty hours,” explained the driver. “It is too much. Before that, I sleep for five hours, and I drove fourteen hours before that. We are shorthanded, before the Holidays.”
“But where I thought I would find him. At the foot of the big elm tree, she fell to the ground when the colonel's hand let go.”
The young woman, Miss Jane Parker, accompanied us to Adèle’s room. Our client, too weak, remained seated in his chair by the fireplace.
Somehow I complimented Steff home (possibly) or to her next appointment (more likely). House was sulking, but it was a facade. Seconds after the front door had closed behind her, I heard him in the living room putting away the "specials". I let him do it while I went to the kitchen and heated some mulled cider. Fancy that, he had it in-store, but it's House, so there is that. When I discovered my favourite biscuits in the tin, I got suspicious. When I returned to the living room and House had almost cleaned up, I will have fallen into a trap.
That a certain supernatural being does not need to sleep but chooses to do so - that's a nod to Neil Gaiman's famous demon Crowley from 'GOOD OMENS'.
Before I could answer them in kind, Mrs Nordon pulled me away with force. We made our way back to the inn. In the privacy of her room, she burst into tears and cursed me. I
The poor little one seemed stunned. "It was you, Colonel Landsbury, who insisted on studying her references. You kept them, didn't you?"
Today, no animals have made their way into the church. Molly is disappointed as she recalls a shriek by Moriarty when a determined goat chased him one memorable Sunday.
"Apologies Lestrade, but Holmes left Baker Street forty minutes ago. I cannot tell you when he will return or where to find him. However, maybe I can be of help? The second set of eyes, inspector?"
I left Sherlock Holmes smothered in indignation after my last line and joined Landsbury in the living room.
Sherlock tried to picture him as a young boy, blond hair and blue eyes, a toothy smile and more carefree. “You remember your holiday in Sherrington?”
The first two or three miles we were silent. Cautiously, not only concerning the speed limit, we sat in our seats. Not once, another vehicle has crossed our path. What a difference to the buzzing metropolis of London, the melting-pot of our nation, getting more crowded every passing day! Not only because of this, I wished to retire to the countryside. After coming home from the war in Afghanistan all those decades ago, I had been drawn to the capital; now, at the dawn of a new war, all I wanted was to find shelter.
As it was only 8 o’clock, I ate breakfast languidly and informed Mrs Partridge of my plans. Holmes needed to be near to have dropped the envelope as well to know about my exact whereabouts. Sadly, I had not seen him, or any idea why he was playing this charade.
Holmes put his hand on Landsbury’s shoulder and led him back to his chair. A young woman appeared, a glass of alcohol in her hand, clearly worried. Holmes grabbed the glass and forced it into Landsbury's hands, who drained it in one sip.
"So on the night of Adèle’s kidnapping, Robert gets up to Adèle's room late. Anyway, he must light the fire in the fireplace. Of course, he drugged the child, already asleep, with morphine. He wants to be sure that she will not wake up during his journey.
The next morning a bunch of wildflowers — “My favourite, oh how lovely!” — will appear on 221 a's kitchen table. It will not alarm her, neither that someone entered her house nor that they left no message, so as if she knew who and why.
Can Sherlock sense that his heart rate spiked up alarmingly? Watson’s hands aren’t sweating, are they? It annoys Watson that Sherlock always gets under his skin.
“Gregory, are these the only clothes you’ll buy for me? Just look at the neighbour’s wife. She looks pretty and is admired all over town. I, however, have to stay at home because I have nothing nice to wear. And why have you been spending so much time at Molly Hooper's shop? Do you think Miss Hooper is prettier than me? Are you in love with her? And why are you always flirting with her, for God’s sake? You’re a horny old man, Gregory, that’s what you are!”
Mr Holmes said that while he continued to hold Dr Watson in high esteem and regard him as a man of exceptional honour and professional competence, circumstances in which he could not and would not elaborate had made it necessary to separate ways.
Gently, Holmes massages Watson’s pucker in little circles. He traces the muscles of Watson’s lower back, the dimples at the top of his ass, the scattering of blond hair at the dip of his spine.
After finishing my pie alone, I went up to my bedroom, which I would surely share alone for an indefinite time. My room was next to Mrs Nordon’s.
I picked up the subject again; after all, I had a mission. “I think we stopped when you recalled the day of your father’s disappearance?”
When they would leave 221b to rush to a crime scene half an hour later, Sherlock would call for a cab. John would follow him quickly.
That evening, Sherlock and I ended up in front of the living room windows. The streetlight was illuminating the curtains from below. Sherlock was naked from the waist up. His arms were outstretched.
such hatred towards Miss Parker. The newspapers couldn’t have been kind to her when Adèle Landsbury disappeared. But she seems to be such a pretty, charming young woman."
Slate-black curtains tumble over the safe house. Thunder growled among the hills. It is going to be a dark and stormy night.
Mrs Hudson, who led him into our flat, was already displeased by the disruption. She had just brought us an early dinner. I had looked forward to a few minutes of peace with Sherlock, indulging in our landlady’s excellent cooking, which convinced even Sherlock to drop everything and come to the table. I had put out proper crockery, opened a bottle of wine, and switched on the radio for some background classic music.
“Sherlock won’t even know that I’m here. It was a spur-of-moment idea. I bought the ticket online last night. I don’t plan some big gesture, Mrs Hudson. This is Sherlock’s big day. Moral support from the last rank, so to speak.” It sounded a bit more convincing in his head, though.
“Indeed, sir.” He looked at me, once, twice, a third time. Mr Jones clearly fought against his training and common decency, but lost it. “Apologies, sir, but may I ask you something?”
"I do not see how this document of private interest can serve you to capture a criminal, Mr Holmes. Now please leave, gentlemen. I have work to do."
It was not Sherlock Holmes, the Jinn, but Sherlock Holmes, the man, that proved to be endlessly fascinating. The constant denial that he was a typical jinn only irritated John. Constantly, he had felt wrong-footed. Honestly, if it was possible—and if someone could do it, it would be Sherlock—the word WRONG would miraculously appear out of thin air whenever this strange, queer, oh-so-beautiful man was in deduction mood.
John was drawn by it like an extra clever magic trick, and that was accurate. Was this how Sherlock preferred to use his powers? To entertain people?
John was certain of that—partly from his memories, partly from some other sense. He was not hearing voices—not really, at least, when one did not count James and all the other boys he had tried to save but could not—but something told him that London was the key.
Meanwhile, Sherlock did some googling. Apparently, the reenactment group wasn’t really into this “secret society so we need to be secretive” but opted for open-and-easy access. Some dropped phrases, and he got an invitation link to an informal online meeting.
The first couple consists of a merchant and a female barber. Gregory Lestrade is wealthy, so he can abuse his power to love his affair in the open. Molly Hooper is an independent woman but also a hopeless romantic. It's adultery in the eyes of the law, but they call it love.
HOLMES: I intend, with the aid of the counterfeit, to make him willingly hand me the genuine. I shall accomplish this by a piece of trickery and deceit of which I do normally not do — and which I would never have undertaken if I — if I had known him; as I do now (
It is sudden wetness that brings me back to the present: my Watson is silently crying. Hesitantly, I brush over his back. It is a foreign feeling to offer him comfort, and to know that I have a remedy for it all; alas, all I have to give is my love.
Before we left the outskirts of town, something that took us less than a quarter of an hour, I heard the bells of the church. Only today, I visited it, instinctively drawn to it. For obvious reasons, I was no churchgoer, but something had called me to it. I had tried to reason with myself that churches held many mysteries and memories. However, even a walk over the graveyard had not brought me any new insights. At least, if one did not count the surprising fact that my grandfather was not buried there.
My voice was as steady as I can muster when I called him: “Holmes?” A long silence. “Holmes, we must speak.”
John knows quite a lot about music. He's no Sherlock Holmes, acclaimed pianist and finalist for the prestigious scholarship. But John wasn't lying about his enthusiasm. Whenever the conversation turns to family matters, John is small-lipped, but Sherlock secretly thanks John's father for introducing his son to the world of music.
For the first time, John sensed something. He could not pinpoint out what it was, exactly; feelings were never his strong suit. His mental health had been in a poor state, and, compared to Sherlock, he surely was an idiot.
This is an altered and edited version of "Baby, it's called outside" (duet: Indina Menzel/Michael Bublé).
"Because Colonel Landsbury, my uncle, can only have written the letter in a moment of madness. I have testimonies from the house staff. All of them agree the colonel has had neurasthenia since his daughter's abduction. He wavered between anger and utter despair. Didn't he kill himself? Hence, he wrote this letter to Mr Holmes in a daze.
The next day, Sherlock wakes up giddy and excited, which is odd. It's also very early. A glance at the alarm clock on his bedside table confirms it: it's 10 hours, 12 minutes and 5 seconds until John Watson and Sherlock Holmes will have a Date. Yes, it's Date and Arrangement in his head. Love apparently can overrule proper English. He should be appalled. Instead, he is grinning.
08/16/2021: Edit the chapter profoundly. Cut out pieces, rearranged others, beta-read by wildishmazz.
“Makes no sense, Watson. Why not throw Jones' father off here? Perfectly good cliff for chucking a body over.”
John refused to cry, instead of clinging to his drink. It burnt in his throat. Apparently, at one point, his body couldn’t cope anymore. He crashed on the sofa.
Wasn’t Holmes right? Of course, he was, as it was true as if they were roommates once again. In that little room, they felt at home. It was more a place to satisfy their sexual desire. Here, Holmes came when he needed to think about an important case on his own. Recently, I had joined him again. Most days, I had remained silent, smoking a pipe, and the only difference to the old days was that from time to time, I had a new, private tool to distract him when Holmes got too lost in his thoughts. Oh, yes, the change of doing those all so-familiar things sitting side by side, naked, in bed, was truly
Our conversation was interrupted by the dinner being served. The food smelled delicious. Startled, I realised I was indeed starving. I inhaled the meal with gusto. My partner smiled at me warmly. Holmes was a picky eater, but he loved to watch me indulge. Miss Parker joined us, her face more colourful. Holmes and I shared a knowing look, him acknowledging what I have noticed prior, secretly proud.
"This morning," the inspector snapped. "You understand that these may be the ways of the big city, but here it is out of the question that I let you do so. You don't think about the consequences, about the scandal that your actions generate."
Sherlock Holmes meets John Watson on the day of his return to Doyle. He is battered and bruised, with no kin except the errant sister, seeking employment in his hometown.
There is a rush of excitement when a case is closed. Even today my Holmes cannot stop to amaze me, and yet, he admitted it to me: some things are irrational and cherished for it. Our love is the best example: it simply is.
“That was certainly a rather intriguing conversation with Dr Neil. Don’t wait for me, John, I have to do some research.”
I rarely got a kiss in all the years, not when we had been young and I had been younger still, as I am his junior. In my bloom, I had been virginal. When Watson had used my body and I had shared his bed with him willingly, there were the thorns; the marks of what I hoped but never could confirm his love. Maybe it had been a possession, maybe it had been a pleasure, maybe it had been lust, and maybe it had been a passion? Maybe it had been all of it and yet, I had nothing out of it except pain—and I even this I had taken with pleasure.
But I had to find something to say to those big questioning eyes. Something, but what? Unfortunately, I, Sherlock Holmes, only knew to speak the truth.
Soon we found ourselves in the countryside. It was gorgeous but bitterly cold. I could not imagine a nine-year-old child wandering alone through such a never-ending white. We passed a dark, snow-covered forest.
His love is beyond himself, pushing back against Holmes’s hand, grinding and trembling and trying his best to fuck himself on his finger.
His nutrition was lacking. Instead of cooking, he bought takeaway and ready-made meals, smuggled them up to the bedsit beneath his coat for days before he realized no one cared. Even then he felt strange about carrying the bags of food into the dimly little elevators (John always had to bend and squint to find the button to press to take him to his floor) and up to the tiny room in which he stayed. His latest constant companion was the bottle of cheap alcohol if the tea did not offer enough comfort against the harsh reality of twilight.
"He cannot be found anywhere in the house, Doctor Watson. His bed is untouched. It is as if he’s vanished!"
Then, soothing violin music reached John’s ear. Apparently, the driver had switched on the radio. The man brought him back to reality.
It was around seven in the evening - dinner was soon to be served - when the sounds of horses and cartwheels echoed in the courtyard, followed by the doorbell ringing the front door.
Oh, Molly knows the big words, her being from a slightly better background than most. Her father was a teacher before fate struck.
They wake in the small hours, moving against each other, and they made love again. At one point, John realized he was crying and that the Jinn was kissing away his tears with burning lips.
A little girl cared very much because she was a storyteller like her daddy, and her papa always taught her to look for clues and took nothing for granted.
While John hurried the seventeen steps back to 221b, the repeated “John!” were following him now, however not as an echo of a ghost.
For a long second, I feared the worst: to spend the upcoming holidays with Holmes suffering from ennui and boredom. I would and could not desert him - I had promised as much to him and myself after the fateful events at the Reichenbach and his long absence in my life - but I will not lie to myself: I had looked forward to a peaceful celebration in our rooms. Reunited, at last. Enjoying good food and company, listening to his violin, and maybe finding a quiet moment to address the feelings I harbour since I first saw his face.
“I promise you, it will”, Watson said. “You will see.” And oh, how I wished to promise him more, but it could not be done.
On point, when welcomed by the darkness of the tunnel once more, my companion said, “no, Watson. Remember when we talked about psychology? There is a theory that the subconscious is where your innermost wishes are kept. However, you could, as the term says, not access it easily and even suppress it. Memories and desires. What I think happened was that you saw your grandfather and his lover during the night.”
So for most nights, it has been the secret language of two male bodies. For some hours, John Watson has had another master, one that he loves to serve and to protect, one he is loyal to, always.
It was messy, sticky, and soon the ejaculate would glue them together, but for those glorious seconds, it didn’t matter.
John had a morbid curiosity. His sister reminded him of this often in the same singsong voice as their mother. In addition, John Watson was no quitter.
"Obviously, John. How can you put up a wooden cross with a corpse on your own? Physically improbable. Not to forget transportation etc. And rarely are drivers skilled in poison. Which leads us to the more pressing matter: which sort?"
There is a funfair in town. It always appears for the summer holidays like clockwork. When all the UK got six weeks
Sherlock was not blushing exactly. My cheekbones weren’t really feeling warm either. It was simply the end of May, so our rooms were sticky and we were in a hurry.
We were still at the café when Lestrade texted us with some details about our victim. He’d been identified as a twenty-something, aspiring actor who switched his bar and rare modelling jobs for the oldest profession in the world to avoid getting evicted from his bedsit. No living relatives, no known friends. A co-worker gave the police his fake name. He'd been cautioned for the possession of illegal drugs.
Then he launches into an introduction of his map of London, only stopping for John's "Amazing!", "Fantastic" and "Brilliant".
“Touché, Watson.” He did not remark further and instead took a seat at our breakfast table, then poured himself a cup of coffee. “Come to think about it, old chap, I prefer the culinary talents of our Mrs Hudson over a solitary walk.”
Their daughter had found the medallion in the garden while playing with Toby. Apparently, it had hidden in some common fern, around the spot where Sherlock wants to set up the beehive. Together, they searched for the companion piece and found it behind the antique mirror.
Molly is called Mary when she brings her father home. She blinks away the tears and fears that she only partly succeeds.
It seemed as if the Reverend was expecting me. His quotation from the Bible replayed in my mind as I made my way forward to the sea:
John, unaware of his bedmate’s unusual behaviour, climbed into bed beside him. He cuddled close to the jinn, imagining the desert on his skin.
Well, back to you, Dr Watson. Your new professional title is as promising as it’s intriguing: Consulting Detective Assistant. Can you elaborate a bit about its meaning?
Watson's state gets worse, and I get furious at my brilliant deductions, once more at the top of my game. It is the darkest hour of the night when souls are most likely to leave their bodies when I realise my crucial mistake: I will be alone when I die.
It’s a walk of almost an hour, but she doesn't mind picking up some flowers on her way. She tries to make a flower crown but decides against it. She is his princess, no matter what. At her first meeting, she played the “he loves me, he loves me not”-game as if she is a girl and not already grown.
It takes a while, but for once in his life, Sherlock Holmes is a patient man, who waits until John’s swearing stops, and John Watson’s zoom session is a go. They have to switch off the camera, but it’s nice to listen to John’s commentary.
"I imagine it has to be done. Someone has to say something, surely. People have to be warned against this kind of…
"I didn't mean it like that..." Watson took a few steps forward, uncertain, feeling decidedly sorry and uncomfortable. He felt guilty about what he hadn't said, but that Holmes had so easily sensed. He had spoken without thinking, even in his heart that room had taken on a very special value. "It wasn't what I meant, I don't think we come here just for that reason," he stopped beside his lover, who was turning his back to him as he finished finishing up some red berries in the composition of the fireplace.
The house was from the eighteenth century. Larger than I thought, but as the case has proven so far, my memories were feeble. It was surrounded by a garden that had seen better days.
WATSON: It happened on an ordinary day in December. Once more, it was proved that living with Sherlock Holmes is an adventure; one might even go so far and call what happened on that ordinary day that soon turned anything but ordinary, "The Sexual Adventure of Sherlock Holmes".
“I'm sorry, John, but you're going to have to make it on your own. Take care of Mrs Nordon. I'll be back soon.
," Holmes said patiently, reaching for one of the hapless woman's gloved hands. “Listen to me. You must return to Norwich for the opening of Colonel Landsbury's will with me.”
He stands before John Watson and orders him to buckle up, "Go to Sherlock Holmes, and all your misery will be gone."
Oh, and the mistletoe... it had found a prominent place at the mantelpiece. All too innocent. It had been placed there. Oh, Mrs Hudson's meddling - even she pretends to have never seen it before! And no, Sherlock Holmes was not doing his investigation about 'The Case of the (Missing) Christmas Spirit' or such nonsense. Thank God, the research alongside Wiggins for the perfect recipes had proved some distraction. In particular, the mulled cider... the redden cheek of John Watson made it all worthwhile.
Holmes saw a parallel between the two cases: that a man, as well as his transportation, had vanished might be a lead. Perhaps he was more interested because he had vanished so close after the death of his best friend.
Treacherous body, foolish organ. I wanted to be angry with him. I wanted to demand that he speak up. He is the man who knows the best, he knows, he knows he can trust me.
John hadn’t believed it back then, and that hadn’t changed. Sherlock Holmes was on the side of the angels, and heaven had needed one when he had jumped from the roof of St. Bart’s.
Mere minutes later, the cab is stuck in the rush hour. John isn’t swearing or sweating, he’s just displeased. A glance at his watch shows that it’s just 56 seconds since he last checked the time, and they’ve been exactly at the same spot for 10 minutes.
Miss Parker, lying on the bed, observed my entrance with astonishment and concern. Her face turned livid. Harshly, she questioned Mary-Ann about my presence. I tried my best to reassure her by explaining that Dr Lewis was on his way. She gave a faint smile and waved me over. Mary-Ann remained by the door, watching my every move carefully.
"Count Henri?" repeated Landsbury, surprised by this question. "I don't think that he is very wealthy, but he loves hunting with a passion. He shows ambition and talent when we hunt together. I imagine his stables reflect this wonderfully. All of his fortunes go into horses, dogs and weapons."
The driver smiled, but his eyes were hidden behind the black sunglasses once more, and John could not tell whether there was any humour in that smile.
"It has," the consultant corrected. A know-it-all who was a twin to the architect. Cecilia Partridge had lectured them for an hour about some antique mirror in the said soon-to-be bedroom.
Originally, he had wanted to move out on the 1st, so John was eager for a second about her reactions. However, it remained true what Sherlock once had proclaimed:
It was Mary-Ann who poured the drugs into the herbal tea. She opened the window while her lover waited downstairs. Then she lit a hellfire to burn the little girl's diary where she told how she didn't like the maid and how much the maid hated her. Then everything is linked. My arrival was scheduled, and the letters were mailed to the newspapers. The scandal because of Mrs Nordon erupted, causing the colonel's suicide. Especially after the help of Michael, who wrote to his uncle the story of the death of the kid, just to break his heart. The letter that Mary-Ann carefully had destroyed.
Before I could babble, I walked away to occupy my hands and to give Holmes the space to clear his emotion.
"By this snow?" I continued, surprised by this reserve towards me. "Dr Lewis won't be here for a good hour. If Miss Parker isn’t opposed to it, I can take care of her."
Ah, I thought so. Left-hand coat pocket. As he is not feeling quite himself today, and the exertion might prove injurious, suppose you attend to it.
Yesterday, on December 2nd, Shirley Holmes, the great-grandniece of the legendary Sherlock Holmes, explained to the once again-baffled police of Redington that a smuggler ring is right under their noses—quite literal—as the noses of many snowmen in town were, in fact, the perfect hiding place for drugs.
“But Inspector Stanley found no leads. They only discovered that the kidnappers used the ladder to commit their crime. When he spoke of closing the case, I called you to find my little girl.
Rarely having used my voice since my resurrection, I am surprised that I sound as I had during our Baker Street days. It is that which shocks Watson into action.
Looking around, some burden is gone. I could deduce myself that this must be the room David Jones’ father had seen my grandfather the last time before all hell broke loose. Here, he must have had sat in his armchair by the fireplace, ordering a brandy and an excellent cigar, and waiting until the house became quiet to meet with his lover in secret, both probably counting the minutes until they would start a new life. They both knew that it would be a rough sea, but they had hoped that the tide would turn in their favour. Not even Holmes knew if they had made it safe, but love means trust, and hopefully happy endings.
I will cut the story as the events of that visit will surely disturb the reader as much as it did myself.
A/N (08/16/2021): While the story isn't technically "new" from ch6 onwards, even my beta was asking IF it was new because I've changed so much (added bits (+1k), rearranged others, polished the POV etc.).
It was an hour or more before the Jinn came—thrusting, grinding into John’s body. John felt Sherlock’s climax, as well as the aftershock, vividly. The fire rushed through him, filled him up. He knew that when their eyes met, that his eyes were burning scarlet, just like the Jinn.
“And what does he suspect, Holmes?” I knew he needed an audience, and I had never felt so prominently out of place, as when I acted like this while my companion told me about my very own identity. For the first time in our partnership, I questioned my position. Unknown to me at that point, I would go further still shortly.
In a corner, we found the former doctor. I thought Sherlock would be more subtle, but he almost headed immediately in his direction after having scanned the crowd.
"This is out of the question! Please, return to the kitchen, dear woman, and make some tea. It will all do us good.
HOLMES: The gentleman I am pointing out to you with this six-shooter desires to have us get something out of his left-hand coat pocket.
“Elementary.” It’s his words, voiced by another Holmes. It shouldn’t hurt so much, but it does. His absence is an ache, never be filled.
Molly earned Sherlock’s respect by ordering a tox screen before we even entered the building. Anderson was greeted with a fresh array of insults. Apparently, it was a natural reaction, as even a toddler could have seen that this time hemlock wasn’t the poison of choice but curare.
"Yes, when you hire a servant, you read their references, Mary-Ann," I explained, sensing Landsbury’s emotional state and his, therefore, unwillingness to elaborate. "Where are they?"
Tell me - I'm a curious git - if you have guessed the ending. Or, no problem, if you have skipped back to chapter one and started rereading. Seriously, you cannot imagine how excited/giddy/anxious I am how the reaction to the final twist will be...^^ And how you like the fic overall. Did you start binge-watching the show on Amazon? Did the world-building work? Do you want more from the star-crossed lovers?
him in the face. After clearing my throat, I asked hesitantly, “Why haven’t you said something? And your odd behaviour today…?”
There was a look of disdain in Sherlock’s features. However, John sensed it ran deeper. Had some men had acted in that way towards Sherlock in the past? Was this why he insisted he did not grant wishes? Had some people were unworthy of wishes, but Sherlock, bound by his magic, had to fulfil them anyway?
not or would not show himself, and I did not know which was worse at the moment. Before I lashed out against an innocent man, I made my farewells to Jones, hoping against hope that our departure was not too brusque. As I arranged another meeting for the coming morning, I assumed I
The ride took almost half a day, and I could hardly imagine a time when one could make the trip in under five hours in the future. Already the trip on the Southern Western Railway from Waterloo Bridge took close to three hours. Oh yes, I had time to indulge in my private fantasies, and I was grateful that the newspaper I pretended to read I could drop in my lap when I got carried away, and that I was travelling with the most observant man in all of England unless it comes to matters of the heart concerning himself.
There was an incident with the miller when he had announced his plan of a betrothal in the tavern. While
This is almost the end. There will be a very short epilogue. The little extra at the final confrontation is from "The Three Garridebs", however, the lines themselves are to be found in the original French story. And you assume right when you think that this scene made me fall in love with Lady Sybille's pastiche irrevocably.
Sherlock sat shock-still. Had no one ever asked this? Was John the first person in god-knows-how-long who had initiated a real conversation with him?
John Watson forces himself to breathe regularly. No need to panic, all is fine. He may feel good. All he has to do is let go. It’s definitely a ton of bricks lifting from his shoulders. Its crash has to be heard all over London. John doesn’t inspect the pieces or try to collect some stones. Instead, he lets it go, vaporising into dust. He breathes out, long and with intent, blowing it all away. The stars have never shone more brightly.
Seriously, what was wrong with his man? Except the obvious—that he was a jinn, and apparently not the commonest sort.
"What should I say, my dear Watson? There are moments in which even I cannot hide my feelings. When it‘s a case of true love... Isn
She was not allowed that many sweets, as otherwise, she would be a menace during bedtime, but she was resourceful. Further, she had transformed puppy eyes into an art form. "Please," remained the magical word. She had learned from the best.
But when Sherlock implied he could put in a good word and get him better conditions, Dr Neil gave my partner a tip.
"You are going to have to free this hapless Mrs Nordon. She is only guilty of hiding her true identity.
way. "Yes, of course, that might fit, but that would be simply too… ordinary. This account was written by John Watson. Surely, names do not mean that we share character traits; however, you have read it, Sherlock. This man is a romantic, he has this poetic language, even more than myself, and I have come up with already unconventional titles. No,
“Why the devil have you taken his case?” I asked, not trying to hide my uneasiness when the door closed behind Mr X.
"Good people, but of modest income. We invite them from time to time to Crevecoeur Hall, but they are not of our social rank. Yet, they are decent people."
"Everyone is a master to someone," he tells Watson. "As you are convinced that I am yours, I will be it."
A little later, we sat next to each other in our sitting room. The evening was still close and oppressive.
"I don’t need to reconsider, Mr Holmes. This line of inquiry is out of the question." The face of the little lawyer, Mr Arbucklehurt, was closed-off, particularly contemptuous of my friend and me.
If someone tries to point this out—God forbid—the wretch receives a harsh reply and the reproof, “Don’t you know who I am?”
"Speaking of curiosity…" I reported the recent encounter with Lestrade and the strange case of the stolen money.
. I had feared to lose my companion, and the cliffs brought it back. Déjà vu, nothing more to it than that. I was a doctor, I reasoned to myself. I turned my eyes away from the horizon and onto my companion.
“A treasure, Holmes? I have heard nothing about a lost treasure during our time here. Are you sure about that? Of course, you are correct, you always are. But I would think that such an event would be gossiped about and in particular, Mrs Partridge would tell me about it?” I stopped my rambling, pondered over this curious incident a moment, and blurted out: “You mean, Holmes, the treasure was restored?”
“Mrs Hudson, I’m back from the concert!” He cannot stop himself: he kisses her on her cheek. There might be even a little twirl involved.
Sherlock smiled, wicked man. “Shot in the dark. Good one, though. Power connection: tiny little scuffs marks around the edge. Every night they go to plug it in to charge but their hands are shaking. You never see marks on a sober person’s phone; never see a drunk’s without them.”
A quick nod. Sherlock’s cock was hot and hard, leaking pre-come already. John had wanted to get him rid of his pyjama bottom at least, but his love couldn’t wait so long.
As we entered the parlour and shut the door, Cartridge said: “Watson, I’ve been worried about you. I didn’t even know if I would find you here.”
Caught off-guard, Watson babbles: “It’s fine.” He scratches his beard. Aiming for normal, “How do we continue?”
Here, they had no cliffs that looked almost the same as the Cornish coast. Here, it was not the flattest and missing hedges as it is so iconic for England.
“I know that we have our differences, Inspector. However, take my word that I have nothing to do with this article. I haven’t met with any journalists.”
, Roy Robson was thrilled to assist me in my research. I also think he was happy to have a scoop to share. So I read the post I am supposed to have written, but it was nothing exceptional, it just reiterated the terms of the article followed by the order to publish it on the front page on the said day. Robson was sorry he had let himself be so mistaken. He promised to let me know if another letter from the Raven reached the editor. There she is!"
Molly doesn't know what caused it. Her father didn't fall or get struck by an instrument. He never drank more than anyone else in town. They went to church. When it got worse, Molly pleaded with Sister Mary to pray for him. The rosary was her constant companion for months, a daily reminder that not all could be lost.
Landsbury was agitated, emotions and memories getting the better of him. He got up quickly, his eyes flashing with anger at my companion.
A deep silence stagnated in our living room, a palpable tension. Without a doubt, it was the last fragment of our morning argument. I wanted to restart the discussion, dying to make a last plea to Holmes and willing to take all the risks that this manoeuvre entailed, and yet I did not dare to disturb him.
Minutes or hours later, John woke up, gasping for breath. His heart was racing, feeling adrift and shaken. It hadn’t been the recurring nightmare of Sherlock’s death however that he had wished to escape, but the all-too-vivid imaginary of Sherlock and himself in bed together.
A girl stood in the door, maybe fourteen years old. She had dark, short, curly hair. Sherlock Holmes would have said,
“The fat bourgeois looks mean. Don't cry, ma'am, we won't spoil him too much. He can still be of use for you in the bed-chamber!
Cursing, because he will be late for work, he will pick it up. The post-it note will read: "Thank You, Greg".
“Exactly, my dear. I was in the archive of Scotland Yard and have done my research. Half a year before your grandfather had invited your family to Sherrington; a treasure from the local church was stolen. And when I looked through the list of suspects, the veil was lifted.”
This is a mystery I assume even a younger Sherlock Holmes couldn’t solve, as I am a difficult man to love. However, he is and remains, as the note on our mantelpiece above the fireplace reads:
"There are no visible signs of, let’s say, stabbing, strangulating, or beating. All there are the red marks from the crucifixion. Science has taught us that this method of murder is a terrible way to go. It takes approximately three days to die. Most of the time, it is caused by asphyxiation. However, a cross with a dead body in a city like London being undiscovered for three days? Highly unlikely. No, the murderers have hastened the end to stage this spectacle."
It had been a long time since pretending to be a staunch friend of Mrs Nordon's. She had learned the secret of Miss Parker's true identity, waiting to use this precious information. After the signing of the new Will, an evil plan sprang up in the maid's mind. She and Michael kidnapped the little one.
John “Johnny” Watson was two miles away, shivering. He was sixty feet above the sea, his toes inches from the cliff edge. A sharp gust whipped his hair into little needles that jabbed at his face. Tears chased down his
for my mental health. Not openly, just as he seemed to play the violin by sheer chance when I had nightmares of the war in London. Or these days, a gramophone that appeared with some popular songs which Holmes despises, but I love dearly. And if we cannot sleep, we dance in our living room close to the fireplace. My Holmes looks so beautiful in the moonlight.
"Indeed, Dr Watson. Colonel Landsbury made three wills during his life. That is all I can tell you, as this information will reveal nothing of its content. "
Sherlock Holmes knows that John Watson watches him. It’s their new routine: like clockwork, the head of the guards brings the swords to the smithy. He comes alone and leaves alone, but in-between, during those stolen minutes, it’s only the two of them.
The evening’s ending was rather anticlimactic, ending with few customary banalities and good night wishes. Soon we were on our own again.
They are on fire, forging something new, fierce and strong. Love has struck them with an arrow. Cupid, you are a merciless God. It is true what they say: nothing is as powerful as love.
John had just picked up the newspaper and skipped the headlines for an article to read when Sherlock interrupted him.
Before Watson can react, Bea grabs her sister by her hand and drags Jessie out of the room. The two men can hear loud giggling from the hall. Soon footsteps are leaving in the directions of Bea’s room upstairs. A door is opened and shut with a little more force than necessary.
Holmes began immediately the search for clues, armed with his magnifying glass. Under Miss Parker's curious gaze, the detective paced. He got on all fours, then he examined the bed. Afterwards, he opened the window. Last, he even jumped on the ledge despite the winter and the icy wind.
John felt the almost-welcoming mix of wonder and rage bubbling up inside himself. Since Sherlock’s death, he hadn’t felt like that again.
“The other side of the bed is yours. I could tell you my reasoning from seven different clues, but it’s late. And yes, John, our daughters will laugh at us because we go to bed so early. But frankly, we need the rest.”
My partner left the living room, claiming that he needed to change before dinner. To my surprise, he asked me to accompany him to treat him. He feared that he'
He knew that where fate led them was dangerous. He could hear his overbearing brother Mycroft in his head. As if summoned by Sherlock’s first proclamation, he, the smartest Jinn, appeared. Mycroft even carried his umbrella; Sherlock would not miss his sunglasses much in his new life.
While a third glass followed a second, John pondered if he should switch his ringtone to Sherlock’s personalized one. His laughter was more giggling than anything else. Yes, he was definitely drunk.
They rolled together on the bed, sheets twining around their overheating bodies—soon to be discarded. No barrier between them, no distraction.
And the car. The car was definitely a hint. However, the enigmatic man was a master of disguise—or so most people would define it (which proved that they were idiots, and, probably, as the man had once said, “Lower the IQ of a whole street.”).
“And is it also correct that you’ve got relatives from Germany? Your father was born in Berlin, the capital of Germany?”
I pulled the blanket closer around me. “I guess that you have plotted out something already, Holmes. What happened to Mr Jones?” I said.
A lifetime ago, that had been in my cards; I had expected nothing else. Frankly, I had not expected to live for so long, but I met Watson, and my life took another path. Now Mycroft had set me upon the path he once had saved me from. For two decades, while I had made myself believe to be all about another chase, I had fallen back into old habits.
All was noise and light, all the reasons her parents never could come with her to the funfair. Her daddy could not face another shooting range, as well as her papa could not endure flashing lights and big crowds. Both men had gone to war, and they had made it back alive. This was all that counted. Some things are beyond repair, and they had made their peace with it.
"Well… you might be correct, Mr Holmes. I had found a perfect suitor for her already. My partner you see. A very respectable man, from a good background, settled and ambitious, and instead my Anna chose a sailor…" Before we could react - and I surely wanted to give him a harsh scolding, our client surprised us both by ending: "I regret my actions, Mr Holmes, Dr Watson. The minute I closed the door behind them, I wanted to open it again and welcome him to the family. Alas, they were gone."
, it was agreed that Mrs Nordon, Holmes and I, accompanied by Mr Cavendish, should leave without delay for Crevecoeur Hall. Holmes urged everyone on, clearly impatient. However, Mrs Nordon insisted she needed to pick up her trunks before.
"Colonel, please, sit down," Holmes said softly. "My friend is a doctor. He's going to give you a tranquillizer."
Unknown to John, Supernatural beings did not sleep, and most nights, Sherlock preferred not to. However, from time to time, he indulged. Not because he needed to, but simply because he chooses to. It was
However, Sherlock robbed him of this as well: ten minutes later, he stood in the living room of 221b. He had simply locked-picked the door and broke into the flat.
"Because it happened in winter at the sea," Sherlock said, not as harsh as towards the rare clients, mostly locals, who find Sherrington Hall, not for the honey but the additional help, but he cannot hide the fact that he wants to lecture her so that their daughter - the smartest girl in Dorset, probably England if you asked her fathers - would learn such easy deduction.
I looked out the window. The snow had spread its thin white shroud. The few cabs that were passing by had to struggle to get through the street. Added to this was an incredibly thick fog which was floating in front of 221b and preventing us from seeing even the house opposite.
“That man is weakened by substance abuse. I suspect good old-fashioned opium. Therefore, he isn’t able to carry a corpse, let alone a heavy wooden cross through the city. No, John, we might have found our poisoner, but it's far too early to arrest Dr Neil.”
If I put a hand on his back for a millisecond, and if he leant in the touch for another millisecond, who was going to see it?
His phone pinged. Rapidly, some texts emerged. A quick glance showed John that all were from the wrong Holmes.
“Mostly thefts from lock-ups.” She could not hide her smirk in time. “Seriously. Your Holmes could read the weekly crime report in the paper if you do not believe me. About thirty offences a year, pretty much all minor. We’ve never had a murder.” Her expression turned grave.
“The idea with Scarlet wasn’t that smart…” A nod was all John offered. He forced himself to not give in yet.
I couldn't help but smile. "This is the annoyance of always being dressed the same. I am always identified with my clothes. Never in my face. But you must know this as well as I do.
The eyeball is a fusion of the iconic scene from "The Sign of Three". Here, John Watson asked Sherlock to be his best man because he's - obviously - his best friend. It is also the backstory of Odin from AMERICAN GODS.
“I was here before, on this beach,” John said sometime later. The two men had found their bench overlooking the sea. The sunset was mesmerizing.
Because frankly speaking, for a French RomCom centred around Chopin - the score and the music in-screen was horrendously bad. It was fake as fuck, but I could MAYBE ignore it when it wasn’t for the mansplaining. Because it was the white straight middle-aged man that explained to THE PIANIST that she’s doing it all wrong,... while he isn’t even a professional.
“This too, is your fault, Watson. It was you who infected me with the Christmas affair and the decorations. After all, in the past years, you and Mrs Hudson have always wanted to decorate Baker Street despite my grievances.”
He argues that since he had to wed as this is the way to heaven, then the world should not complain if he calls his marriage a living hell. “I have a wife, the worst that may be,” Lestrade says on every occasion, “she is cruel, she is malicious, she is a shrew.”
"You have too much imagination, Doctor Watson. I'm a simple person. I know criminals and Mrs Nordon is one, without a doubt. That she entered Colonel Landsbury's service under a false name already seems sufficient to me. I'm just waiting for his confession to take the case to the judge."
It had been only two or three days since they had met the last time, to warm themselves on that same bed, while the snow was falling outside. And yet, the detective seemed to have spent a lifetime and, although he considered it unlikely, in those last hours he had hoped the doctor would send him a telegram asking him to meet, even if only for a few hours. It had been a surprise to receive the telegram that morning. He was certain that Watson would have preferred to spend the Christmans’ eve with Mary and expected to see him only the next day, at Baker Street, when the good doctor would bring the presents for him and Mrs Hudson.
John could concede the point that the ever-present umbrella could be useful today: November was approaching. Clouds had darkened the sky all day, and around midday, the drizzle had turned into heavy rain. In the evening fog had set over the city. Now, it was a dark and stormy night. It would be heartless to let a man stand longer than necessary on the doorstep, but John was tempted.
At the time of this adventure, I lived with Sherlock Holmes on Baker Street once more. I was a widower, as my wife Mary had been dead for years. Now, her face was only a dear memory. The company of the great detective and our shared adventures let me not dwell too much on the past.
"No problem," the architect had replied, with a bit of a chuckle and she added, "most houses do." Cordelia Partridge had been vetted by Mycroft Holmes and approved for her attention to detail.
Holmes shifts away from him and Watson cries out, his back arching with sinful grace before he can control himself.
“Not now Watson, we’ll speak at home. I need to ponder over a problem or two first, and your presence, good doctor, is most distracting, to be frank.”
. There is a flower in his lapel as if to say that luck and love are with him, as the flower is a rosebud.
It doesn't make John Watson feel less that others wear similar ones as the guard knows the secret: his lover was protecting his love.
What should one say? The widow of the late baker is a kind-hearted woman and Hudson gives everyone an opportunity, even if they might not yet (or ever) have the skills required for the job.
"It’s all rather odd, Holmes. Yet, I didn’t quite understand what you were aiming for. I got the impression that you wanted to anger our client?
John walked downtown until he found the building and made his way to the fourth floor, to the office of Dr Sarah Sawyer.
“No, John. That would be excellent. Sadly, it’s impossible. I can only leave someone once their three wishes are granted. However, I can speed up things by giving them clues on what to wish for. Therefore, knowledge about a person and my own skills come in rather handy. There are only so many idiots one can endure for all eternity.”
yet. However, he promises himself to add more to it, that this will be the centrepiece and he’ll compose more. Tonight is just winning (maybe) the scholarship, to make his mark and fulfil Mycroft’s and Mummy’s dream — and then... he’ll return to Royal Albert Hall someday in the future, with a complete orchestra and a full house, and it will be them.
"I feel twenty years younger, Holmes. I have seldom felt so happy as when I got your wire asking me to meet you at Harwich in the car. But you, Holmes—you have changed very little—save for that horrible goatee."
Sherlock had created a list in his mind palace. He was no fool to let a sentence slip or something. No, the timetable could not even be found on his heavily password-protected computer. When people had asked why he went to such length, he had always referred to Rosie - Watson - and then all their eyes had gone soft, and Sherlock had only felt a bit bad for playing them. He had argued for himself, it would be beneficial for her as well when his father... when John...
badly, watched her walking around like a curious beast. Another article had been published in the newspaper and the colonel's suicide had done her extreme harm. The young woman soon found herself followed by a few interested people, mostly young people, who did not take long to comment aloud about her behind her back.
“Why I wanted to sleep in your bed. It’s embarrassing, isn’t it? Look around, John: the great Sherlock Holmes — afraid of the dark.”
, whatever you want to call us nowadays. We’re only called when you need fixing. Please, jinn, help me. Please, jinn, grant my wish. Please, jinn, please. And oh, they’re so grateful for a second, but then we’re forgotten. They don’t even try to learn our names. Because... do I matter? Does any of it? You know, I am just a jinn, and it is my nature... no, my
When the service is over, Sister Mary offers food for the poor. It’s never very frequent. The town gossips that the leftover is eaten by herself as one cannot leave food to waste. Strangely enough, the quality of food has risen over the last couple of weeks, as if Sister Mary counts in this.
Mycroft joins the party, and starts flirting with Greg. John texts Harry about his realisation: He’s in love with Sherlock Holmes.
The lights were dancing in front of my eyes, my head was spinning. I had difficulty standing, but I held on. For nothing in the world, I would not show my weakness in front of this man.
"You know, my dear doctor, this so uncluttered estate does not give it at all," he said with eyes in which it was clearly written the profound feeling he felt for him, wishing that everything could remain so forever. It would have been the best Christmas present he could receive "What will Mary tell you when she sees her go home like this?"
In the same minute, the door opened. The police, led by Greg, rushed in. As the handcuffed prisoner was led away, my partner called after him:
The update took a bit longer - apologies - but I couldn't stop writing... so much in fact that the story will have THREE chapters.
"Ah, Watson, that was a pointless endeavour. No one could tell me anything about his sailor. I thought that someone could point me toward a bolthole, where we could find the girl too. Yet, no such luck. Curious, if you ask me…"
The heat of the day, the peculiar case, even the confinement in 221 B. It all faded compared to the missing man at my side.
With something close to disgust, Sherlock roams over the bolthole for tonight. It is far from home and not only because of the distance. It is a shitty place, probably a former dealer's nest. Who knows? Maybe it will be one when Sherlock is gone again when he is going to flee to the next destination on his never-ending trip.
Back then, Watson had scolded me—in a humorous way, mind you—these days, I can only detect that I have asked something prior—a second, a tenth, a thousand times—when my Watson isn’t hiding his emotion.
I wished I had come up with the line, "You smell like sex... with humans." "That is maybe because I like fucking them", but nope, all theirs.
I knocked on the door of the basement. Loud, and unlike during the midday, with intention and I will admit, emotion flaring high behind it.
While stuffing his clothes into a bag, he made a mental note to go on a shopping trip soon. It made him anxious to imagine himself strolling through London, wearing his trademark jumper, without Sherlock Holmes at his side.
One day Holmes was called to testify at Mary-Ann's trial. He only hinted at it to me, as it wasn't a very pleasant memory. Another time, he received a message from the prison where Mary-Ann was locked up, which informed us she had been hanged that morning.
“He was in prison at four o’clock. However, I know what you mean, Watson. One should not underestimate the faculties of a man like Norton.” I pretend to overhear the trembling and lack of conviction in his voice for his sake. Or, I intended to do it. Then, however, he shocked me and all was nil: “Watson, I would prefer it when you would move out for a week. Take a room in a hotel.”
“Why should that be the case, Mr Landsbury?” I couldn't help but ask, regaining my composure and having less of the urge to kick this impudent character's ass. Further, it had always made me angry when someone insinuates that my Holmes wasn’t as smart as I believed him to be.
, I wanted to be loud, I wanted to scream, and I knew Holmes wanted to hear me. There were kisses to my neck, and I knew he wanted to bite me harder, to mark me as his, and I wanted him to allow it, but it could not be done.
Daily, he prepares tasty dishes—spicy chicken and tarts and whatnot. The cook certainly knows a good beer when he sees one and can roast, broil, fry. His chicken stew is delicious.
I rushed to light up the four candles: one for Anna, one for her husband, one for Holmes and one for myself. It might be blasphemous for some people, but Christmas is all about love, and therefore it seemed right to dedicate the best wishes to us lovers.
"I cannot forget Anna and Hans, Watson. I dearly hope that the next year will be a better one for them. That their wish for a quiet life will be fulfilled."
"Not everything is as it seems, my dear Watson," Holmes said. "And this remains true in this case as well."
From this point onwards, Bea races through her breakfast. She even puts too much milk into her tea to let it cool down quickly so she can gulp it down. No time for extra sugar as a treat today, too. Instead, when the clock is showing a quarter past 8, she springs from her chair, rushes over to kiss them on their cheeks and almost runs to the door.
The final chapter is called "The Pianist" and is - technically - written, however, the sad loss of Una Stubbs, our landlady (not housekeeper!) requires to add one scene and I want it to be as perfect as she was for our Two Baker Street Boys <3
With Christmas approaching, I could spot ornaments and special offers in the store windows. Choirs were singing on my way and I caught myself humming along with a festive tune I remembered from my childhood. It wouldn't be long until the greetings of the season would be exchanged. I would have to come up with a hiding spot for Holmes' gift soon.
, don’t you see? You were but you didn’t listen. And, oh, yes, he’s grateful that you helped him, Molly, sentiment
So John wraps himself tighter in Sherlock's older bathrobe. He does not flee or hide either; he simply enters his bedroom curtly. He does not switch on the lights. Instead, he changes into his nightclothes in the dark. He feels the scars on his skin, the coldness of the
When looking over Sussex's countryside, you could not be sure until the language gave it away if you were not on the continent. As lovely as Belgium was, Sherlock Holmes was no Poirot.
Holmes stood up, visibly relieved, and advanced to a seat with Mrs Nordon who thanked him in a whisper. Of all those present, only Michael Landsbury seemed the most unwilling to accept the housekeeper's presence. He straightened up, his eyes blazing with anger.
That Nicolas had rushed to Baker Street, twice so far, in such a state no less, seemed suspicious to me suddenly.
The title "If Baker Street Could Talk" makes an appearance, also the demons of John Watson. Every story has a Reichenbach, as well as almost every fairytale has a good-old-fashioned villain. Sadly, so far the two men picture themselves not exactly as princes. But who knows... maybe a true loves kiss will fix it all in the end?
John didn’t want to overwhelm Sherlock. He had intended to take things slow, but he should’ve known better: when Sherlock Holmes is your lover, you’ll have to enjoy being bossed around.
him pace about and spit noisily: “Zimmermann is not the first I have topped. And they never got me yet.”
I ran upstairs to write a note, which I could slip under the basement door. I would write something along the lines:
And with this, Holmes turned around and picked up his violin. I expected another nerve-racking session, but I was happy to hear Vivaldi's
And yes, wildishmazz was kind enough to beta read everything, so all my non-native rambling is out as well as my lack of in-depth knowledge about obscure British-ness.
“We came as quickly as possible. And after the discovery of Cavendish's car in the ditch, it became urgent for us to arrive.
The Swiss voted for "Deck the Balls with Holmsian Follies", which got approved by the Scots, even they suggested "Christmas (Baby, Holmes, Please Come)" too. "Christmas Balls" was the favourite of the original author and a fellow Italian Johnlocker. As the latter is almost the exact translation of the original story by kelia,... "Christmas Balls" it is (which is "palle" in Italian, which means ornament and the other thing in a sexual context ;))
When I entered our rooms that day, he even greeted me with a revolver! It was dreadful. No, “Merry Christmas”, but “Oh, it’s you” and all without the oh-so-familiar fondness in his voice but with traces of fear and doubt.
My Holmes looks peaceful in his sleep. Age has treated us well. These days, it is my beloved who needs more rest than I do. Insomnia usually finds me awake at dawn, but I enjoy the luxury to doze so close to him and watch him unguarded.
The corners of Watson's mouth curved into a smile before he could stop it. He was too happy and in love at that moment to maintain his natural composure.
HOLMES: Watson, you are not useless. Close the door. Listen. Maybe you are not yourself luminous, but you are a conductor of light, my friend. A light that shines upon me and... illuminates me.
Seeing the disastrous effect these cheeky jokes had on Mrs Nordon's nerves, on the verge of tears, I saw fit to step in and bring her back to the inn.
You can spot Martha Hudson in the crowd by her formidable hats. Once she wore a hat that was as wide as a shield, sharp spurs, and a pleated cloak over her legs to keep the mud off her dress. She also likes to wear tightly laced red stockings and comfortable shoes, and her kerchiefs are made of high-quality fabric.
“You’re right, of course, Mr Holmes. Breakfast should have been at a quarter to nine. However, it occurred fast that John, Dr Watson, was missing. First, no one suspected anything sinister but when he had not shown up for elevenses, a search party was set up.”
Some days later, Mrs Norton had shown up at the prison, presenting a present—a Christmas pudding—for her husband. Full of confidence, she allowed the guards to check it.
Stanley seemed to think for a few moments, but not knowing how to counter Holmes, he nodded: "After all, why not? But we'll see that when we get it.
And now, decades after he has started this journey as a founding son, life offers him another chance: to be a father.
“The doctor took her on one horse. I fired the rifle but missed it. She didn't look alive anyway, as her arms were hanging out in the air.”
The noises from the cellar did not pause, so I assumed Holmes had not heard it. I couldn’t see the front of the house from the kitchen window, but after a few steps into the lobby, it became clear by the means of a side window that the visitor was once again Nicolas Cartridge.
The moneylender let out a breath forcefully, glared at a fixed point in the room, and continued his tale, evidently struggling to contain his emotions.
Finally, free of chains, the ex-soldier walks on. He will not battle on but return home to his sweetheart. Captain Watson got a second chance, and he’s going to use it. John feels the echo of his old major patting on his shoulder.
It is the warrior, a man who isn’t going down without a fight, who changes their fate. Once more he has a powerful dream. It isn’t a memory from the war but the God of War himself.
The good thing is that John Watson only has to panic afterwards. In the smithy, Holmes will hold him in their bed. They will tremble, both feeling young once more, wide-eyed, drunk on their love, and so grateful.
Later that evening, we had retired to bed early. A knock at the door woke me up. With my revolver in my hand, I
"Please leave Mrs Nordon alone," I cried, not liking his tone and regaining my combative mood. “She will let you know her to answer in a few days.”
Downstairs, the evening rush was not at full speed yet. That two men were sharing a room was provoking enough.
There was a house on the little hill near the cliffs of Dorset. Today, it was simply the home of the Watson-Holmes family; however, the inhabitants of the village nearby knew the history of Sherrington Hall.
The questions were tumbling in my head. My emotional state was not better either. I needed Holmes to make sense of
Even the weather was mocking me: It was a beautiful day; relatively warm and hazy. I wished to share it with Holmes. Even the once again excellent meal provided by Mrs Partridge could not lift my spirits. As the woman was far too observant, I put an extra-wide smile on my face.
"I share his contempt for the naivety of the season. Watching all this bustle and energy, I think of Christmas as the greatest triumph of idealism over experience. Despite the best efforts of those singers, peace on earth and mercy mild are as far off as ever, and God is no more reconciled to sinners than Inspector Lestrade."
“I can search for the biscuits; otherwise, you will disturb my experiments. Look out for nitrite acid. There was a little mishap yesterday.”
Then, Irene and her female companion had announced their departure while giving far more away from their coming night activities than Sherlock was scared to know. Oh, and the woman could - obviously not stop whispering in his ear that if the roles were reserved, he would not care. He had pretended to be offended,
Both productions - BBC (!) - were the first that put meta in the center and, at least, in case of the radio and the theatre play, made it queer as f*ck. "Flashing my ankles at your fellow soldiers", the James Sholto-plot? You didn't really believe that BBC SHERLOCK invented that? Or, Mrs Hudson as an exotic dancer and whatsonot.
His plan was possible to set his son-in-law up. Instead, it backfired spectacularly, including the revelation of who's the owner of
The doorbell interrupted us, and I breathed easier than seconds later, the good Mrs Hudson announced a visitor which surely meant a new client, and Christmas might just be saved.
I saw Miss Parker's hand tighten on the back of the colonel's chair. When he answered, his eyes were shining for a split second.
It is this man who Holmes will yield, but tonight they will forge something new together. Holmes is observant: he knows when metal can be formed, so it's easy to deduce what his lover craves the most.
Sherlock Holmes makes a low, hungry sound in the back of his throat, and presses all the way into the hilt. Then he takes him.
I looked at Landsbury. He was lying on the ground, dead. A bullet had hit him in the chest. Thank God! The police had arrived on time.
cracking the case, he kept his mouth shut. His daughter and husband should enjoy the tale, or at least to an extent.
The letter at the end is an altered version of the iconic opener from 'The Adventure of Shirley Holmes', a Canadian TV series I watched when I was a teen. It was fitting as this story is all about memories, and yes, a sense of melancholia as we aren't young anymore, however, it's not winter yet and we have stories to tell that will nurture us through the years because it's storytelling that keeps you alive.
"Perhaps you think you are scaring me, Mr Holmes?" asked the lawyer mockingly. "I have been handling the interests of the Landsbury family for a long time. I know the Colonel well. He is a friend."
His favourite jumper, hanging over a chair that surely had not been here yesterday, appeared to have burn marks. The wardrobe had now doubled its size.
She showers them with her very own brand of affection, and oh, her boys need it. Nice words, and how they flourish! They both have a sweet tooth, and while Sherlock keeps his secret well-hidden to the outside world, he cannot hide it from her.
They had tried it with Baker Street. God knows they had tried it. For weeks, they had tried to rebuild it. Mrs Hudson had left them in the building in her will and Mycroft had offered all financial help, but it wasn't the same (or it was too much the same, but they changed?)
In her defence, she had said that she had woken up early because May itself had seemed to say, “Wake up! Get out of bed! Spring has sprung!”
And yet, it was them: Sherlock Holmes and John Watson in Baker Street. Sure, Sherlock cheated because he had observed the police officer outside, but he was a gambler and a showman, and he knew his role and played his part.
Her father, still stubborn, refuses to use a cane, and so she can estimate his weight loss first hand. He is fragile now, looking older than he is. Today, however, he at least recalls the patron of his hometown church.
"Because of the noise." When I took a second to catch on - a bit distracting the image my mind produced - the added nonchalant, "You know how the neighbours are, and I love a hard fuck. Steff will certainly ride my special sleigh tonight."
. Thanks to Scarlet he knew about the three snipers, and he could concede that Moriarty had needed to be stopped. But why didn’t he confide in John? Why did he let him grieve? Why had he not trusted him and abandoned him instead?
Inside — and John refused to acknowledge his newly developed habit to count the stairs leading to 221b — Mycroft’s gaze swept over the half-packed boxes in the living room.
I had been looking forward to discussing the Organ case with Holmes, who would certainly have some views on the subject.
that a stroll through the countryside might trigger my memory. After all, Sherrington should be my home.
At three o’clock, the woman looked at him and mentioned—as if it was nothing–, “She won’t be coming back.”
“That you under no circumstances interrupt my work again. They are very delicate and any disturbance in an inopportune moment could ruin everything. Everything is that clear. Under any circumstances. Promise me, John. “
“And that's the rub. Robert didn't like the governess, he especially didn't want her to inherit from
Mycroft Holmes keeps many elegant horses. When he rides them, you can hear their bells jingle as clearly as the ones of the monastery.
s December, and one tries to be cheery for the children... What should I say, Doctor Watson? All was set up, and then a telegram summoned me to the residence of Mr Marley…"
“Good.” My Holmes gave a kiss to my hand. “Actually, that is the key—the Gordian knot—my dear Watson: Love, a far more vicious motivator. Your grandfather and Jones
We did not dare to go to the beach as it was too dangerous, but the uphill proved to be an excellent spot to overlook the spectacle. It was magnificent, breathtakingly so. For a moment Holmes held me tightly in his arms. If someone would have passed by in the distance, they might have thought that it was only one man at the cliff.
This chapter is basically an evening with friends, comfort food and whine, with the twist that the groups are separated. Ironically (even I didn't know it when I plotted the fic), it's the same for many of us tonight. To sum it up: I wish you a great evening and as much as fun as possible (at least as much as those five "adults" have :))
John is a survivor, a fighter. He’s overcome so much already: a shitty childhood, a senseless war, the devastating death of his wife. For years, he has built walls around him. John Watson can see it now. He hid behind harsh replies, angry fists, and too much alcohol.
"Certainly not, Mr Holmes," he repeated. "I know your reputation. You like sticking your nose into people's private affairs. Colonel Lansbury's will is none of your business."
I gave chase, furious and outraged. I pursued them for good a half a mile until eventually, they outpaced me, and I stood, gasping for breath, outside St Vincent’s Church.
Mrs Hudson wished us a good night, “have fun, boys!” and when we were just opening the doors, “Oh, to be young again and go to costume parties. I remember in my twenties, I had this one particular dress, which - well, to call it provocative wouldn't do it justice. But historically whenever Ann Bonny and Mary Read were about to kill a man-”
“Your eyes reveal yourself. I have always told you, John. Come on, let's walk a bit. I don't want to meet Detective Stanley and suffer his complaints just yet.
“Good heavens, Holmes, what are you doing?” I asked after closing the door behind me. There were branches of pine and holly intertwined over the fireplace. Mistletoes hung from the ceiling, and even I could admit that the room looked far more welcoming and joyful now, it still seemed strange to my companion to engage in such festivities.
“A hideous pretentious kid, yes. We must kill her. Now! Tonight! I've waited too long for this. Days, week! KILL IT!”
What should I do then? The final solution came to me on the day of our anniversary. I had found a rose in my favourite cup that morning. How Holmes got one in January, and here of all places, will remain a mystery. I could ask him or try to deduce its origin, as I am an avid student and loyal assistant to Holmes from the day we met, but I learned with time that some things need the mystery, the magic.
“Thank you, doctor. Yes, you’re quite right.” He stopped, clearly planning the next sentence in his head. A habit all too understandable: it did not fit well with men to the only rule with the mind. Yet we have to master our emotions. “I can’t live without knowing what has happened to him, Watson. I have taken it up myself to bring light into this mess.”
Again, for the third time, Sherlock insisted, “I believe in John Watson.” And  - if fate, God, whoever needed more convincing - the Jinn added, “I believe in him. This is the belief
I will stop the rest of my conversation with Miss Parker at this point, as it was far too intimate and surely of no interest for the reader. Let just say that the governess suffered from conditions more serious than vomiting and could lead to a miscarriage if a doctor did not stop it. I helped the young woman as best I could. Then Doctor Lewis arrived and took over, much to Miss Parkers’ relief.
"Forgive me, gentlemen," Mary-Ann whispered, blushing adorably. “But the colonel had sent Robert to fetch some medicine to treat Mrs Nordon. She was in terrible pain, still in shock over Adèle’s disappearance.”
"Indeed, my dear Watson. We’ll have to do more research. As you said, it could just be local gossip. But now you understand why I had to talk to you as soon as possible. We are going to have to watch Miss Parker's actions carefully. She might be the only person who could know where Adèle is being held prisoner if she is still alive, of course."
"Welcome to Doyle" (Ch2) is inspired by Geoffrey Chaucer's "General Prologue", aka the introduction text of his "Canterbury Tales".
I was about to respond, but Holmes gave me a look so sparkling that I shut up and wait. Something was amiss.
We were re-entering Crevecoeur Hall while continuing our conversation when a maid approached the colonel.
I'm so excited to see how well-received this fic is so far. Seriously, all your comments and the kudos and the enthusiastic replies on Tumblr <3 Thanks once more to my two betas, elwinglre & irisbleufic.
It was the sudden appearance of a group of activists, holding banners, shouting “love is love” that stopped Sherlock in his tracks.
Whenever she prepares a salve now, she smiles timidly, but the well-known observer (which basically is only Holmes who once in a blue moon appears in her shop) can detect its source.
I cradled Holmes’ head and stroked his hair. His locks were like silk, so sensual. His hands were skittish still, unusual of what they were allowed in daylight, as it must be around seven by now. He patted my back. It was rather endearing. After assembling some courage, he touched my neck and my shoulders, growing bolder with every passing minute, and soon there were some hesitant kisses.
“I take it he resembled me.” Nicolas was nothing like my Holmes, and if this twin brother of mine was real, he could pair up with Nicolas. I didn’t mind.
“And on the understanding that if I tell you you cannot leave this house until my work is completed.”
, the sleuth investigated and after some stakeout and questioning, they were successful once more. Both teenagers claim to have solved this mystery only during the daytime and outside the school hours and as Christmas is approaching, we will believe them.
I'm not saying that ALL is bad about "Mr Holmes" but for my taste... it needed a tiny fix-it with John Watson at his side and less "death is approaching". However, still fair warning: dementia. It's melancholic but a tad more hopeful (I hope!).
"Adèle is dead. They may not have killed her on purpose, but she is dead. This is not surprising given the cold that reigns over England these days. Focus on the upside, Watson: The little girl did not have to endure the rigours of her confinement."
"We just have to find the best place to collect the information we lack. A good glass of whiskey in a pub would not be refused in bad weather."
alone vividly. I was nearing the breaking point, but unknown to me, the tide was turning. Holmes later told me, whispered confessions in our now shared bed, that he had been terribly lonely too.
"That took a lot of convincing," Sherlock replied, but his heart was swelling. It might be only a drink and only one song, and only one evening - but it was a start.
I remember our first night in Sherrington Hall. The first night as official owners of the property, I mean. I never found out how Mycroft or Sherlock Holmes or both had managed that I inherited the house in the end, as my grandfather had intended in 1870.
“And at this moment do you hear me laughing?” I take another sip, needing courage. “I don’t want to amuse you, John. I want to resurrect you. Let us both be young again.”
For a fraction of a second, he fears that John’s been haunted by memories again, but then it becomes clear that the reason for the noise is different.
Surely, Mrs Hudson was already engaged in many preparations: ordering the goose, baking, the overall cleaning of the house. One reason I had left the house so early today, to be frank, was I had wanted to flee the busy haze. Sharing the mulled cider with Holmes in the evening, the fire blazing hot, and we, sitting next to each other as content as two men can be, was rather wonderful, but the household chores were naturally not our strong forte. Our maids even outbid Mrs Hudson in their enthusiasm for home decor. If they had any saying, the tree would be up on December 1st. To the cheer of the Irregulars, of course.
In the beginning, it had been the odd weekend. Then, it progressed into the summer holidays. In the end, it became a permanent move from London to the English coast. This meant that Sherlock Holmes had to endure sand practically every day, at least, until Rosie would go to the local school. No private schooling, certainly no boarding school for her. John had promised that Sherlock would never be lonely anymore in his vows. Hell would freeze over before Rosie would become the loner that he had been for thirty years before he had been fortunate enough to meet her father...
They stood before each other, bare, breathing hard. Blue eyes like heaven, and scarlet eyes like hell, locked together and ready to burn. The kiss was sweet and almost chaste, and it rocked John’s world more irrevocably than anything before.
"You have inherited the talent for storytelling and the hang for the dramatics from your mother," Sherlock compliments Jessie. Nobody flinches.
that wasn't an unusual occurrence in our partnership. I would catch on eventually, or my companion would have the patience of a Saint to explain it to me. Sherlock Holmes loved an audience, but in secret, I was his favourite.
Everything was going according to plan until Michael Landsbury couldn't bring himself to kill Adèle.
“There’s a bedroom upstairs, but I don’t think that we’ll need it. I could continue to use it as a storage room for the disguises and the case file, which is excellent. You’ll have to make the tea in the mornings. Some days, I don’t sleep or eat, and,
He is both wise and suspicious of everything. Mycroft Holmes chooses his words carefully, always. His vast knowledge and wisdom have made him famous.
LadySybille wrote "The Disappearance of Adèle Landsbury" for a fan and friend, a member of the French Sherlock Holmes Society, who has sadly passed away. We want to bring this story to new audiences, not alone to the English speaking world but also to a younger generation.  I dearly hope that I do her and her work justice.
“Data, John. I need data.” As if this explanation was not confusing enough for a mortal already, Sherlock continued, “My mind is going to rot. I need stimuli. Give me puzzles. So far, you’ve proved to be a puzzle, and your questions so far aren’t entirely stupid. So, please, John, your question.”
"So what should happen now?" The doctor asked seriously, watching his face intently, feeling fiercely drawn to this enigmatic man with each passing second.
Sherlock had been on edge since what had felt forever. However, he knew how to stage a show. When Mrs Hudson had asked all-innocently if they planned a Christmas party in 221b these days, he had mentioned the importance of Christmas customs for children etc. etc. etc. He was sure that Mrs Hudson, who was certainly more than his housekeeper, saw right through his speech as not even half an hour later she had appeared with boxes of home decor. One could not have all those candles, angles, and what do not be ready to put on all surfaces of one's living rooms.
[Stage whisper: Who will experiment on that sex toy with my doctor in our bedchambers soon --- for science, of course? When the curator is gone, I will write a telegram to my brother Mycroft immediately after that someone from the Diogenes club bids anonymously for us. The Game is Afoot!]
"Yes, Mr Holmes. And now I have told you everything that my professional conscience has allowed me to tell you. I can't do anything more for you, gentlemen."
"There is nothing in which deduction is so necessary as religion," said Holmes, leaning with his back against the shutters. "It can be built up as an exact science by the reasoner. Our highest assurance of the goodness of Providence seems to me to rest in the flowers. All other things, our powers, our desires, our food, are all really necessary for our existence. But this rose is an extra. Its smell and its colour are an embellishment of life, not a condition of it. It is only goodness which gives extras, and so I say again that we have much to hope from the flowers.
“You’ll have to forgive me,” one of Molly Hooper’s girls says. “I’m pretty bad at telling stories. I really only know this short one I once learned long ago.”
We were sitting in a lovely café by the riverside when Molly texted. The sun was high in the sky, but the breeze from the open water cooled it down. It was a secluded spot, not yet overrun by tourists. There were fresh flowers and a candle on our table, and Sherlock munched at a croissant. It was quite nice.
“Thank you for telling me this,” I said. “It is of the utmost importance. But Cartridge and I pray you won’t take this amiss; I must ask you to leave.”
And now an overweight, probably diabetic man let himself fall onto our sofa. He was wearing well-made clothes, but probably last season as they don’t fit him properly anymore. He was breathing and perspiring heavily.
"Holmes, stop it! It is not...!" I exclaimed and stopped, searching for an adjective (proper? funny? true? It is...), and when I could not decide without insulting me or him or us both, I remained silent. I felt uneasy, out of my wits. It was not my habit to say such things. It was unthinkable to use such terms for another male, surely, and I should find the thought alone rather repulsive, but it was Holmes, and sometimes, rather often, in fact, I simply could not stop myself. In response, as if sensing my (change of) heart, my Holmes laughed, a reaction even more adorable, and my heart beat faster.
He busied himself with cutting into a potato. After a while, I said: “I have not seen you today. I presume you were somewhere on business.”
"That’s a given, not sure however if we’re really dealing with a fanatic or someone just wanting us to believe that."
Silence. “I thought so. Believe me, John, I would prefer simple words myself; alas, I know myself that it’s difficult. Well, will you help me bring the sofa over? It’s heavy for one man alone.”
The young woman gave him a look, sparkling with tears. Sherlock Holmes had too little experience with women to understand how harsh his words were.
Holmes walked over to Mr Arbucklehurt’s desk. He put both hands on the back of an armchair. “Three wills? This is amazing.
Even I, Dr John H. Watson, an eager pupil of his methods and his studied biographer, could never challenge him. Or so I had believed until a curious little case I later penned privately as
And Stanley, tired of this insolence, gave the signal to leave. I was not sorry to leave Colonel Landsbury's house where there was only an old cook and a little orphan with the police.
My proposal seemed honest to me, but the maid made a displeased face. The colonel seemed confused. He didn’t seem to know what course to take either.
Thank you for reading, leaving kudos and comments, cheering along on Tumblr, editing, and creating fan art.
Somehow, John sensed that this was not the complete story, although sometimes some stories were truer than the truth
“Doctor Watson himself can testify that the Colonel disinherited you in a fit of anger. Likewise, he wrote this letter in a fit of despair. I will know how to plead madness to break the will.
“Dr Neil provided you with the poison and the sedative. He confessed already - but he also wasn’t willing to take all the blame. Dr Neil is a drug addict, but he was once a decent doctor. He was an expert in toxicology. He was also no idiot: so he left them to give clues to the true puppeteer behind it all, YOU.”
I write to you again to insist and ask for your help. I am aware of your lack of free time, Mr Holmes, but I need you. As know by now, my daughter Adèle was abducted on Saturday. I'm doubting I'll ever see her again. The local police are already talking about closing the case. But I cannot bring myself to believe that my little girl is dead before I have tried everything. You are our last chance. One of my best friends, Sir Robert Noberton, told me you are a man one can trust. Please come to Norwich as soon as possible and find my Adèle.
But pretty soon another wife was back to telling hers, "Mine is useless. No, hear me out. Yes, he's good with numbers which are useful for an artisan. He isn't bad with the neighbours and lets me visit my sister. He drinks only his fare share. Sometimes he helps me clear the table. Maybe he even likes me alright. But I can squeeze him as long as I like in bed. His prick lies still, always."
Yes, I do know that it's September, but who wants to be normal? And I don't know about the region you live, but here, it's rainy, foggy and grey all day long, hence, one needs some cheering up. Further, sexytimes with Holmes and Watson is aways a goer, isn't it?
“Yes, that’s something different. It’s a natural and very common reaction, sir. The music is already setting the mood, the sudden darkness, and don’t forget the cross.”
At last, I could visit John in the hospital. I was not in the best shape, so I was not sorry to rest for a few hours.
I wanted to take him into my arms and shut the world out, but I knew I had to address one thing prior. “What are you telling our client?”
Holmes turned his head and motioned for me to approach. I greeted the poor lady. She looked more tired than ever but she still had those beautiful blue eyes.
"Slim," Holmes addressed him, "this is John, my new doc." Grinning widely, the barman, a hulk of a man, shook hands with us. Holmes ordered a beer.
Gregory Lestrade has spread out a blanket already. There is a basket with bread, cheese, boiled eggs and some fruit. She hopes the servant packed it and not his wife, but she has never asked what she tells her.
Only a human that John had feared for the worst; for the first hour, he had been on constant alert. He, the ex-soldier, had always found ordinary life the most depressing and challenging. Even before he joined the army, normal human interaction and reaction were a riddle. Sure, he had blended in fine - always the unassuming. Good man, good boy, good soldier, good doctor, well, all was well - but there had been cracks in the mask, and since meeting Sherlock, they had resurfaced. Not only Sherlock's path had demons.
“Sherlock? Probably, he would not only insult Anderson’s reputation but the reporter’s one as well.”
A part of his mind knew that he should have been at his house, to celebrate Christmas with his wife, but the desire to see Holmes had been too strong, so that evening he had invented an urgent case and told Mary that he probably he would not be home until tomorrow morning.
The laughter didn't last long as the one who had just said so sat on his butt in the middle of the sidewalk, rubbing his jaw.
"That might be the case, Watson. However, this is simply a hypothesis now. We will see if we can inquire where she‘s hiding, if she
"Sadly, no. But the gentlemen from London have arrived. These are Mr Sherlock Holmes and Doctor Watson."
I was shaking with cold, cursing myself for stepping out so stupidly in a nightgown with a simple dressing gown.
I took off my heavy coat and the scarf, which I had worn to counter the harsh temperatures outside, and placed them on the rack. We had added it to the Spartan furnishings of the room shortly after we had started our relationship because the bed, and most other furniture, was used for something else.
It’s not Chopin, you say? It’s inspired by him, and he who never played one etude the same in his lifetime – Sherlock isn’t convinced that he’s failing Chopin.
This time it was John who winked. It might have been a flicker of the light of the flames, but John thought Sherlock was blushing. Which was, well... good? Very good, in fact. John wetted his lips, which had gone suddenly dry. He could have sworn that the jinn had followed the movement. A different excitement sizzled in John’s gut.
The morning is well spent irritating his publisher. Yes, out of the blue, Dr John H. Watson wants to continue the stories for The Strand Magazine. He sketches the outline: it’s the miraculous return of the hero. Oh, yes, Sherlock Holmes survived the fall; and yes, the wife is out of the picture as well. The two men are reunited on Baker Street. Together, they solve crimes and save the world.
However, the clock was ticking, and this was a place of my past and only a starting point of a brighter future, it had started in Sherrington Hall, in a way thirty years ago with another pair of lovers, and now, it was time for our journey.
Which was the perfect timing, as by then Mrs Hudson would have our dinner ready and the last gifts would be wrapped
“But my men are supposed to have searched the entire perimeter. We would have found the girl if she had stayed in Crevecoeur Hall.”
Nicolas Cartridge was a journalist, however, he only lived adventures as a bystander. We had been never alike, I realised belatedly.
Months passed. It was with pleasure that Sherlock Holmes and I rediscovered the softness of Baker Street and the first heat of spring.
The silent conversation ended with a grinning John Watson, who suddenly appeared to be a much younger man. For a second the twin sisters could imagine how he might have been in his twenties, maybe called Johnny instead of Dr John H. Watson, with a cheeky wink and short blond hair, quick with his words and ready for adventure, not knowing what the future will bring and where he will end up and with whom...
Children are playing in the dark corners, at least, until Sister Mary discovers them and drags them back to their parents. This is the House of the Lord, and Sister Mary knows all about proper (and forgets the quote from the Holy Bible: "Let the children come to me").
“It costed that unfortunate Cavendish his life. Yes, Watson, this case is not one of my greatest successes. I prefer that the case not be published during the lifetime of Mrs Nordon or Miss Landsbury. It has already hurt them so much.
And that was all. The young woman, currently staying with one of her friends close to London, left us on the promise of returning to Norwich.
: How was it for you, Dr Watson, when you heard that Sherlock Holmes has got a protege? And one that was so similar to him? Wasn’t that a huge shock for you?
“But suppose,” said Holmes, “suppose there is a science which could with certainty tie a bullet to a gun fired.”
and Uncle Greg to the funfair. Meanwhile, her fathers were climbing uphill, knowing that the worn-out path was more dangerous as a mix with the grass and that on a good day they manage it in less than fifteen minutes.
"And if the opposite happens, my nephew will be thrilled to receive my fortune to settle his gambling debts. Crevecoeur Hall will remain in the hand of Landsbury."
While Sherlock wants this big moment, it should be more about him. He has learned to be himself, and that even if he follows this path with John, it doesn’t minimise his love for music but actually increase it? That moment of crystal realisation: his love for John; for music; and himself.
“Doctor Watson was heroic tonight, Mr Holmes. He will have to be awarded a medal. He arrived in Norwich, almost unconscious. With a broken leg. Then someone came to tell me.
“I would choose another word. And all in the lead-in to June, it’s a disaster. One might be an accident, and a personal motif, two are alarming. Three? It’s a serial. And Sherlock, don’t use the phrase, 'always to look forward to' again, and especially not to the press.”
I only dare to reach out for him when his breath rattles. These are his last breaths, so he won't scold me for it. It will bring him comfort to know that he isn't alone, even if I am the only one at his bedside.
He slowly pushed his face away from that of his lover and looked at him, lingering on the long dark eyelashes still lowered; then the cheeks that, under the unkempt beard, were pleasantly flushed and, finally, the swollen and moist lips from the kiss just received. He wondered how many times Holmes still intended to make him fall in love, stealing his heart, soul and reason.
Too close to London, too many houses, too many people. Even in Victorian times, the small fishing villages had turned into small seaside towns, rising in inhabitants and tourists at light speed.
There was a rumble of distant thunder. It was early afternoon, and the heavy storm clouds turned the sky the colours of old lead. It would rain soon, heavily, blindingly.
"May I accompany you, Holmes?" I waited for a second, then I added, "I played a doctor at sea once already. Surely, I
The young woman didn't know what to say. She looked up at me, but I couldn't find anything to say either. It was certain to me that the Colonel's mind was wavering. I couldn't forget the cold anger that had driven him to disinherit Mrs Nordon. Michael Landsbury triumphed.
It had been only a few hours, and John could not even determine the exact time since he had been sucked into his own wonderland.
John looked at Sherlock in awe as the fire wandered. He could see how the fire had wandered from his lovers’ eyes. How he was alight, and John burned with him.
One more time I witnessed the depth of loyalty and love which lay beyond that cold mask. Holmes' clear, hard eyes were dimmed for a moment, and I observed that his firm lips were shaking. And the cold wasn’t to blame alone. I always cherished whenever I glimpsed a great heart and a great brain, and yet, while I stood by the statement that it would be worth a wound, it still hurt a lot this time.
"It’s impossible for me to tell you the contents of Colonel Landsbury’s last will. It was he who specifically asked me not to. Speak to him."
Therefore, we both hope just as my grandfather and his love hoped in 1870 for a calm ocean, just as you may imagine the sea in Dorset during winter.
Sherlock Holmes, the consulting detective, has overlooked the significance of the date: June, pride month.
Landsbury thanked Mary-Ann and begged her to leave. She hurried away, but not before giving me a worried look. I observed my sort of brother-in-arm with
I was still fuming with anger when we were back home, hating it when Sherlock kept me in the dark. Greg echoed this when Sherlock informed him by a quick video call.
“Forgive my absence, Watson, but Mr Cavendish and I have needed all this time to prepare an unassailable court case.”
I wanted to catch the killer, and I was blinded by it — it’s not an only queer experience, either, to be almost constantly on your guard. But as part of the community, those killings were closer to home than normal.
It's well past ten when Sherlock drags himself to the piano. Normally, his practice starts at 8:00 sharp. His mind is sluggish; too much caffeine and not enough sleep. Most distracting are the thoughts about John, however, painting his war memories in the ever grimmer palette with each passing moment. There is the echo of John’s outcry replaying forever.
The flat was a mess, but a cosy one. Homey. Sherlock walked across the living room and made a half-hearted attempt to tidy up a little, throwing a couple of folders into a box and then taking some apparently unopened envelopes across to the fireplace. He put them on the mantelpiece and then stabbed a multi-tool knife into them.
I could not give him an answer that explained it all. However, as a doctor, I knew that when a soul is lost, there is no hope. "During the night the colonel must have had a mental breakdown, the reality of the betrayal crashing down on him as well as the death of his daughter. Not being able to find sleep nor solace, he resolved to kill himself."
I had spilt some coffee already. I knew that at least Mrs Hudson was worried that I did not enjoy the well-boiled eggs as I normally do.
The insistence with which Mary-Ann asked for this from Dr Lewis suddenly struck me as suspicious. What could Miss Parker have that required a particular doctor? A special illness?
"Landsbury is desperate. He is a widower for only five years. His only child was abducted. She is only nine. The case has made the headlines for days," I tried urgently.
... to grant your wishes. And if I do it, I will always let you mortals down. You’re wasting your time with only a word of gratitude because it
That the fireplace had been lit had been something I could have expected. After all, it was Christmas Eve and London was covered in a snow blanket that made the city look like an inviting glazed cake. The most unusual sight was, however, that Sherlock Holmes, who had always claimed to find Christmas boring and uninteresting, was currently putting on decorations all over the room.
Suddenly, on the left side, on a small forest path, a black carriage came out of the woods. It was at full speed, its horses racing.
Finally one day, about a week after our return from Norwich, I was surprised to meet Mrs Nordon in our living room on Baker Street, in deep conversation with Sherlock Holmes. She was dressed all in black, her face pale, her cheeks hollow with sorrow. She listened to the detective attentively.
Our clock announced the full hour, breaking the reverie. Spurred into action, Lestrade put on his coat and hat, turning to the door. "Thank you, Doctor. I’ll sort myself out. When Mr Holmes shows up, can you direct him to…"
It’s a homage to Sherlock Holmes, who called himself a consulting detective. He was the only one in the world, he invented the job.
John suffers similarly, so approximately ten seconds after the first “forever," Sherlock’s mobile pings.
on Netflix. I, personally, would never recommend this movie to anyone. I refused to re-watch it while writing my fanfiction. Frankly, IMO they slaughtered more than Chopin.
I knocked, first with normal force, then louder, and then I raised my voice and called: “Holmes, are you in there?”
Finally, a landau arrived harnessed to magnificent chestnut horses. A man in his thirties got out. Dressed in an elegant grey suit,
It would be too late for one—only one—kiss in 221b Baker Street as I moved out at the turn of the century. Around the time, Watson had found another wife. I went here to Sussex, he went to America. Surely, I could enquire by my brother what happened to our rooms in London and maybe persuade him to give us the keys for a weekend and found a solution for the new tenants (whoever they might be) but it should not be done. It was in my powers, and maybe Watson would be in for it now, but it would be a tarnished memory. It would not be real—just like all the kisses he had given on me when we
The alcohol was flowing and the gossip mill running. There was laughter, the clattering of cutlery, some wrong tunes, and cheeky winks. Mrs Partridge and her waiters were at full speed, rushing from table to table. It was loud and cheery, very different from the vacant Sherrington Hall yesterday and the solitude at the sea this afternoon.
A sudden sharp crack issued from the depth from the house and I hoped that preoccupied, as he was, Holmes would have no inkling of the presence of my visitor.
century were semantics and modern artillery. Afghanistan had been Sherlock Holmes' homeland. Now, it was New Gods' battleground.
I woke to the sounds of evening traffic from Baker Street. I listed to with something like envy to the people outside. They, who were free to go wherever they wish and have a family to return home, and who have simply feasts and convivial tables awaiting them there. My lot seemed bleak in comparison.
This guy is pretty smart all right: He carries himself so well that no one suspects he is heavily in debt. His name is
): You have seen fit not only to reject my proposals but to make insulting references coupled with threats of arrest.
On our way, Holmes was humming a tune that sounded suspiciously like my favourite Christmas song as a lad. Instead of asking how my companion had deduced it, I sang along, quiet and probably off-tune. And yet, whenever our eyes met, Holmes' gaze showed only warmth and admiration.
"Am I right in assuming that you try to convince me to stay longer via a violin concert?" John's voice was more curious and cheeky than offended. Sherlock put it down as a positive sign.
HOLMES: Yes, old boy. He came while you were preoccupied with Mr Forman who - obviously - was one of Moriarty's men. I would wish to find shelter in your rooms for the night. That is — if you will be so good as to permit it.
At the moment, we are still in our living room in front of the fireplace. Content as two men in love can be. I wish to cradle Holmes—my love—in my lap, but it cannot be done yet. Therefore, I pet his hair and give kisses on his cheek and nose and mouth.
WATSON: I see. Well, yes, maybe I was a little hasty there. After all, this one seems to be for a female and we are both males. I know the sex toy we use as well as the one doctors can prescribe the fairer sex in need. A vibrator it is called. Great success for treating hysteria. However, my knowledge from three continents makes me hardly a professional. I might even mention that you came virginal to my bed and... Do not scoff, Holmes. I just am pointing out the facts. You always say that it is vital to have all facts at hand beforehand. Therefore, let us revise the circumstances. Therefore, while we were out, we had a visitor who did not leave a calling card but left behind a mysterious thin length of ivory with a curious curve at the end.
A few minutes passed in total silence. The police had disappeared. Only the marks of their shoes on the floor remained. Holmes finally shook out of his stupor and we left the room.
It's a universally known fact that neither Sherlock Holmes nor John Watson can cook. To turn it into a real challenge, they performed it in sync. In theory, it sounded reasonable: after all, they vowed to not see each other, and cooking blindfolded is borderline stupid. Sherlock might have tried it out, but John is doctor enough to put a foot down.
"Sir, don't you think it to be wise to share everything with us? Mr Marley, pray, start from the beginning."
“Our daughters made some chocolate and found the biscuits. Currently, they are making pillow fortresses. Afterwards, it’s gossip time. I estimate boys will be mentioned. And frankly, John, that’s enough. I want to know about our daughters’ love and sex life. We could follow their example and make a pillow fort. We could even start a pillow fight in case you want to act juvenile tonight. We could play a round or two of spin the bottle. It’s truth or dare, you see. However, as I am Sherlock Holmes and therefore a master of observing and deducing, I conclude: Let’s turn off the lights and go to bed.”
The man — who even activated audio and video — was the leader of the London base. Instantly, Sherlock put on the persona of an overexcited fan.
Miss Parker had changed and was now wearing a light green dress. She had changed and was now wearing a light green dress. Her hair was pulled up into an elegant bun. A thin golden pendant shone on her chest. She was charming. One might even call her pretty. Her pregnancy was not yet visible.
“You heard me, John.” The blacksmith observes his lover’s hesitation but  Holmes isn't fooled. There's a fire starting in their loins. “If you don’t like it,” he says, low, “tell me to stop.”
“Are you telling me, that this year you found the Christmas spirit?“ I asked, remaining rather dubious.
I took a shortcut through the field: long grass grew on either side of the path. Walking in the other direction was a slim woman about two decades my junior, wearing spectacles. As I grew closer, I could tell that she was looking at me as they did in the street, partly in sympathy, part voyeuristically. What was different about her gaze was the way she held my eyes steady and even offered me a shy smile? I appreciated this acknowledgement, this tiny mark of respect. I hurried along the path to the coastline.
Both men are not laughing while they are manoeuvring the sofa upstairs, but it’s a close thing. They aren’t swearing like sailors when they reach the stairs, either. Watson's smile, which is mirrored on Sherlock’s face, however, is real.
“But there was no letter?” I was confused and yet, I sensed that there was something I should have put together sooner.
Therefore, Sherlock Holmes pretended to have not a heart. Yet he had always had one and still did. A heart that now belonged to John Watson. A heart whose love burned inside the man, made of fire, like the hottest flames known to humankind.
I waited another minute, and then I said while peppering a slice of beef: “Stifling weather to be out and about, Holmes.”
Normally I would storm out to my club, Holmes would torture the violin in reaction, and if all was lost, we would both have it out in the boxing ring. There Holmes would take part and I would enjoy a little gamble—and always to bet on my man, of course—and later, I would patch him up.
When John had muttered, “Manners”, Sherlock had only replied, “Dull.” How to spot a good Chinese restaurant seemed to be more up his alley. John wanted to be grumpy, but he had shed off the sad former self since their first strange meeting.
For Mrs Nordon, the night was also trying: she lost her child and almost lost her life. The doctors saved her at the last minute, and I wasn't even sure she cared.
I remember it vividly when the male character yelled at the female character, “You’re slaughtering him!”
According to the young detective, the mastermind behind this crime had come up with a way to press the drugs into a form similar to a carrot. The cool environment worked as a natural freezer for this special party drug. When no one was looking, a culprit could snatch up the carrot and blame the melting snow, children or animals.
“You’re right, Anderson. I mean, just look at Holmes’ muscles! What a powerful neck and chest he has! And eyes as sharp as a hawk’s! And what a great complexion. He doesn’t need to use any of that fine Portuguese makeup or anything to hide any blemishes!”
It had been a good afternoon, which had John reminded of the days of their past. It had lulled him into some false sort of safety: stupid, foolish.
Unexpectedly, Holmes had wired me to meet him. I rushed to Sussex Downs immediately; for a second, it had been like 1891 instead of 1914; "The Game is Afoot" and Dr John Watson was - once again - the ever-faithful Boswell of Mr Sherlock Holmes, consulting detective. While I had driven to the countryside, I had pondered about writing something in
"My husband mounts me like an animal. Treats me like one too. Thank God I never gave him a daughter as no female should bear my fate."
Once more, our client lacked all etiquette. I was rightfully pissed because Mr X had interrupted a rather spectacular snogging session. Instead of a possible mutual hand- or even blow job, he appeared out of the blue around noon.
It took me several minutes to regain my senses. Someone was pulling me by the sleeve. Immediately I felt the cold burn on my skin.
Naturally, Inspector Stanley was scolding his police officers. Weren’t they supposed to have searched this place carefully? But the men insisted nothing had been found yesterday. Yesterday, the tomb had been empty. Yet Inspector Stanley didn’t believe them. He sent his men to resume their research, threatening them with the worst reprisals if their work was botched.
He’s smiling at me, all boyish cheek, and his cheeks are rosy and wrinkle-free. His hair shines golden in the morning light, but his eyes are the same blue, reminding me of the open sea.
And this is how it all came to be: the mirror will hide our story, our love until maybe one day it will be rediscovered. I will put it up there with Holmes tonight. He is out there in our garden with his bees. I could call him now but I will not disturb him yet. I am the storyteller after all, and we have not changed in that regard: we have our adventures, I write them down, and Holmes their first reader.
Oh, it was wonderful to spot now the layers of his praise, how he was secretly pleased that I had followed his thinking process. Even before we had become lovers, he had wished for a companion. He had revealed it himself last night. Oh, my love; he had pretended to feel nothing because he felt so much. All those years he had kept it firmly locked in secret compartments and as notes were never written but in journals and hidden in his silver medallion.
It's been a week, and every morning starts the same. It should be routine by now, boring. But in reality, it sends a shiver through Sherlock's body.
“Elementary, Watson. This weather means that our dear Londoners are thinking twice if they really want to leave the house or engage in pointless conversation. It is wonderfully calm and quiet outside. Oh, I hope that the temperature drops even further. Could spring not be delayed till summer...?”
Upon his return to Baker Street, I immediately detected a change in atmosphere. Sherlock was giddy and excited, skipping into our shared rooms. There must have been a breakthrough in the case, surely.
A short exclamation and some rustling in the kitchen brought me back. I rushed to the room, only to stop dead: Holmes was fighting with what I suspect to be a picnic blanket. There was a basket as well, full of sandwiches, a bottle of wine, some fruits and some baked goods. What were the odds?
out, Holmes let his gaze wander. I pretended to listen, but I was relieved when I saw Crevecoeur Hall appear on the horizon.
I had just prepared toast and asked if Sherlock would want some when the bell rang. It was Lestrade, visibly shaking and clearly agitated. Obviously, a new case was superior to marmalade.
The doctor looked up at the sky, exasperated, and said nothing, knowing full well that it would do no good, but he continued to decorate the little tree. He discovered, with a certain surprise, that it was very pleasant to do that activity together with the lover. It almost gave him the impression that he and Holmes formed a real family; a feeling much stronger than the one he felt with his wife. He had also decorated a house with Mary, waiting for the holidays; yet, although he had found it a very pleasant pastime, only then did he realize it meant nothing to him.
It is strange to call him by his first name, but this is a new era, and we are two of their kind, always have been.
“Holmes...” For a second, I feared the worst. My love caught up in an instant, holding out his hand, which I took without hesitation. It felt wonderful, and I wished I could walk with him hand-in-hand at the beach, here, in Sherrington. To face the ocean with the man I love at my side. To
Thank God for small mercies as I was still sitting when Holmes dropped the bombshell: “You begged me to take your case while you were ill. I promised you I would.”
Blond-haired men, nerves of steel, ex-soldiers and still having a good moral compass are Sherlock’s weaknesses. It’s sordid and...,
This isn’t Molly’s intention at all. She hastens after her father, rushing to prepare herself and breakfast.
"Let us go, Watson, my old friend. Let us seek sanctuary in our little paradise on 221b Baker Street."
Dinner is lovely. Their conversations in the drawing-room are lively, shared stories comprising mostly good memories.
"The colonel will not like it, but I will allow it, Mr Holmes." It was almost as good as an apology, and I know Holmes preferred this white flag over some shallow small talk.
Mrs Nordon let out a cry of pain. My blood only swirled around and I sat up threateningly, Landsbury to his feet and put his hat back on his head. Before leaving, he threw it at Mrs Nordon.
The poem is written by me. Apologies to Geoffrey Chaucer to make his "Canterbury Tales" even more gay than he did centuries ago.
“You’re John Watson. You were shot in Afghanistan and returned to London. There, you joined Sherlock Holmes into his personal battlefield. Your imminent tremor in your hand is prominent once more because you believe to have failed him. Oh, and as your shoes show: you’re far from a confirmed bachelor.”
Before, they planned their secret meetings. The lovers knew when the mayor came for inspections. They knew the special occasions when the town was in uproar and their duties were many. Only when the wine had been plentiful could they celebrate for an hour or
Molly Hooper is in awe of the blacksmith. She has been smitten with Sherlock Holmes since she was a girl.
The stranger seemed delighted, and not at all suspicious. Instantly, he rambled: “Our group is something special, sir. No wonder that you’re interested. These days, people forget the true spirit, you see? The Days of Jesus on Earth are far away, too far for some. These modern times make it easy, always something else to distract them from the true path. We help them find a way back to God and their faith, easily and effectively: reliving it.” The man was smiling, just barely like a maniac. While speaking, he raised his hands to heaven.
Our client disappeared into the depths of the house, falling into the most complete silence. A real tomb.
Sherlock wants to reply, "Really, John? It's just fish-and-chips." Instead, he opts for, "You can tell the quality of the food from the door handle."
His Sherlock was a genius, "bloody amazing," but more: John had wanted to leave the ghosts behind. A celebration dinner might be in order, and John had spotted an inn in town. At
“Yes, Watson, exactly! But the thief was never found.” My Holmes was looking so proud; I had caught something important, hadn’t I? It was quite intoxicating. I could not get another kiss as a reward, but it was a rush of adrenalin no less.
I would appreciate it if you put a new article on the front page about the Landsbury affair. This contribution will allow me to outwit the culprits and force them to confess where the body of little Adèle is buried. Please post this:
'The Private Life of Sherlock Holmes' as well as 'The Sexual Adventure of Sherlock Holmes' are real. The first is a movie directed by Billy Wilder, the second is an iconic pastiche written by the man who wrote the first handbook about BDSM. Both are oldies but goodies.
Even Sherlock Holmes said so (while mistaking him again, it's a quirk of him. Molly Hooper secretly hopes against hope that one far off day when he's free and they can court properly, that Sherlock Holmes will call him by his name: Gregory Lestrade.)
from too many and far too few crime scenes. He ignored the heartache and forced himself to smile, which went more smoothly.
“And you immediately connected the dots: the second victim was poisoned with curare. A nerve toxin, originally from the Amazons.”
My partner looked tired. His features were drawn. Watson had put his hand to his head. The poor man must have suffered from excruciating migraines.
I left the house without a key, but I knew that there was a possibility to access it via the rear of the terrace.
"Adèle disappeared on Saturday. Now it is Friday," he repeated. "Her father did not receive the first letter until yesterday morning, so it is too late to find a nine-year-old girl lost in the wild. I don't see how I could help him. I prefer not to start an investigation with full certainty of the outcome."
"No one can, Mr Holmes. Adèle Landsbury is dead. She is buried somewhere in the countryside. Spring will take care of bringing her corpse to light. It has been snowing for days, so the traces of her abduction have been permanently erased."
They pulled up before a Victorian facade that was now a private residence. John instantly spotted the café called Speedy’s downstairs. Upstairs, there appeared to be a
According to Holmes, the solution was "elementary": our client was the ship‘s owner. He had reported it missing at sea, while it had been in Plymouth Harbour since — "exactly" — 12th of December. Under its new name —
10 days ago, it had been Mycroft at the door who had given some insight into Scarlet. Tonight, it was Sherlock Holmes, officially
“That goes without saying. I'm going to question Mrs Nordon again, but she will be available this evening.
When Sherlock wakes up, he’s in agony. His fingers are aching terribly. They are next to his brain-his most important body parts. He should treat them better as age catches up with him as it does with everyone else.
John plans to sneak out unnoticed. Yet, when he reaches the entrance hall, the door of 221a opens. Mrs Hudson stops him; the heart of Baker Street. She’s got her eyes and ears everywhere and in particular on her tenants, who she calls her boys. Martha Hudson wants them to be happy.
Returning inside, he spots himself in the mirror in the entrance hall and congratulates himself on the final transformation: John H. Watson, doctor, gentleman, father.
my illness that had weakened me. That it was the long walk up here. Surely he would understand. It was rather embarrassing. I
Miss Mersey told us that life also continued in Norwich and that she had remained at Crevecoeur Hall at the request of Miss Adèle Landsbury.
Privately, I sent a quick thanks to heaven that Lestrade might be the best of the Yard, but still unaware of Holmes and my partnership. When this case was over, I would come to the back entry again as Holmes and I have had a preference since the beginning.
A movement responded to me, and a white shape crept nearer. A little girl covered in dust and grime looked at me in dread. She was gagged and her hands were tied. She cried.
“That it makes little sense?” However, I caught myself and reframed it. “That the treasure was stolen but brought back?”
The first night in Sherrington. We were like newlyweds. Suddenly, we were so shy that we dressed separately in the bathroom. The new bedroom, a shared bed, was such a thrilling feeling.
“I won't wait that long, Doctor Watson. Make it very clear to her I want my answer tomorrow and not one day later.“
It was true what he had answered when she had asked that night over fish-and-chips: “How do you stop loving someone?”, “You don’t.” Because John Watson loved Sherlock Holmes. Yet he knew it was vital to let him go.
Constantly, his body had betrayed him. He vividly remembered raising his voice against his sister, ashamed of how he had driven away everyone who wanted to help. He had insisted, repeatedly, there was nothing wrong with him.
“Not answering my questions.” John sounds stern. He has to. One has to keep a clear head, and it has always been his part. That he never wanted it is irrelevant.
accomplish in a fortnight. But Lestrade and I agreed that when Organ believed himself at a risk on my experiments, we would wish to destroy them.”
Her boy is so smitten! He mumbled something about “fixing his lame leg” when he first mentioned him. But she is no fool. They are going to fix each other just fine.
, then he welcomed it with wide arms. If it was Sherlock who brought him back to London, then John would hug him too.
Still, in court, he had promised Sherlock Holmes to kill him before, after all; “it’s a long way till I die”. This had been his last vow.
“Do not ask me again to forgive you, “I said, “Because I have forgiven you in the instant. However, you have no right to let this go by, John. I am your man. “
“Now, kindly tell us what you require. Otherwise, I suggest you leave ASAP.” Sherlock put on his slightly manic grin. High-Functioning sociopath intel. It works wonders, pun intended, on bigots. Our visitor looked a little grey.
I want to dance with him for the last time, but Watson is too weak. So we sway in the moonlight. I am mostly carrying his weight.
That a girl in their class, Molly H., should be the puppet master behind it all, however, that seems to be right out of a fairy tale.
"It’s all fine, Holmes, it’s all fine. Christmas, the joy of the season,... it’s a jolly good reason to celebrate, isn’t it? You certainly interpret it that way..." The other snorted, still looking around him, wondering where the lover had found the desire to decorate, is he always so little inclined to the festivities and extremely lazy, he knows less than not there were some cases involved.
“Well, it certainly deceived me,” I said. “But was it really necessary for me to be incarcerated for the duration?”
“I came here as a kid. We had a tent on some campsite near the cliffs. I tried looking for it when I first came.”
Later, Holmes played a private concert for us. Mrs Hudson, always observant, got all teary-eyed and excused herself soon, proclaiming her intent to turn to bed early. "Merry Christmas, Mr Holmes! Mr Christmas, Dr Watson!"
John stands barefoot in his cramped kitchen, debating if his stomach can contain a sandwich. He still wears his jogging pants and a vest. Once more, he forgot to put his proper pyjamas in the washing machine. Today, he opted out of a dressing gown to cover up his scarred shoulder.
until both could trust Mycroft again. For months Sherlock Holmes had taken the Watson family for his own. John and Rosie were his families and 221b Baker Street, their home once more. Then it all changed once more. A new adventure, one might say, and the three of them had ended up here last month for good. Here, in Dorset on the English coast, where apparently John Watson had been before.
“Oh, you two, off to bed. It’s late.” Watson tries to sound stern and misses it by a mile. It is not only the golden light of the lamps and the flames from the fireplace that are painting him softer but Watson’s whole demeanour. His shoulders have dropped, his shirtsleeves are rolled up, and his accent has switched to a more natural register. Now, John Watson looks more human, like a real man, and he feels the change in his body.
In the first row, there are mostly disgruntled until disappointed faces. It’s a long way from Frédéric Chopin to Chris Martin’s band. If Sherlock had eyes for the audience, he would have witnessed their frowns followed by recognition and morphed into smiles in the end. It might be pop tunes but those are defined as catchy for a reason.
After all, even in the maddening absence of an answer, John could not remember where the sex had stopped
Mrs Hudson is pleased when he blurts it out half an hour later: “Oh, Sherlock.” She wipes away some imaginary tears. “I’ll bake a cake! That’s something to celebrate.”
However, what she did, frequently, was to observe and to deduce. Small mercy that she wasn’t the blurt out-type (yet), so she kept quiet when she spotted the
father were best friends, but they were more than that: they were lovers. I cannot say exactly for how long, but I assume for many years. I do not know what tipped them off, but in the end, they abandoned their old life and start a new one together. Mrs Jones was right: there was never another woman in her husband’s life. I think she knew or at least suspected what was going on. Hence, her reluctance to talk about it and discouraging her son to investigate his fate. Your grandfather staged his death, natural causes, so no investigation. Then, five days later, the good friend, David Jones’ father, disappeared with the carriage. That is crucial, Watson. It was important that not only the man vanish, but his transport also must not be found. Now, they had transportation. A dead man could hardly board a train, and here, getting new passports is nearly impossible. No, they needed to go to London. It is the melting pot of a nation where one can reinvent oneself. Maybe they are still there, perhaps they travelled overseas, they have most likely passed on by now. Hopefully, they lived long and happy.”
Baffled, but stern he ordered: "Please, look at Miss Parker, Watson. I'll be waiting for you in the living room. Mary-Ann, show him to her bedroom."
And with one of those tricks, that memory sometimes plays on us; younger versions of us rose clearly in my mind. They wore a singular compassionate smile.
Miss Parker, sitting beside the Colonel, but one of her hands on his arm in a gesture of reassurance. “Dear, go rest. Remember what Dr Lewis told you.
"I'm a bit too old for this kind of walk in the wintery countryside. I slipped on a patch of ice hidden in the snow. I fear I sprained my ankle."
her, but her reply sounded suspicious and they had been close since my wife's passing two years ago. As you can see, I tried my utmost, as well as informed the police but their hands tied. An inspector, his name was Gregson, suggested you. And here I am. Please, Mr Holmes, help me. If not for me, then for my girl."
It is almost 8 o’clock when Watson enters 221b. Beatrice, Jessica and Sherlock have waited for him. It shouldn’t feel like a father returning home after a long workday.
“The name’s Sherlock Holmes and the address is 221b Baker Street,” announced the driver in a crisp voice. “I am a Jinn, and I really don’t grant wishes.” He smiled self-consciously at John. As if sensing John’s hesitation and bewilderment, and addiction to danger, he added, “Come on, John!”
Michael Landsbury's eyes widened in amazement. He was choking with so much rage that he could not respond for a few moments. The maids were as confused as he was. Even Mrs Nordon had turned pale, not knowing how to react.
Today you'll dream that you are kissing me, John. Payback time for the dream you caused me last night. SH
After a short greeting, Holmes took up the conversation: “I promised to protect you and I will keep my word, Mrs Nordon. This is Mr Cavendish. He agrees to take charge of your business.”
So I could sit down and enjoy this beautiful and sunny winter day, trying to penetrate Holmes' motives, which proved to be fruitless.
Scarlet smiled, looking proud as if she was a pleased teacher whose student finally solved a complex puzzle.
Thank God for my Watson! He always sees the bright sight, who still believes in me, and who loves me all the same.
The ones that counted, John had kept to himself. He had hoped that the detective would deduce them one day, but no such luck. So, “love”, “darling man”, and “gorgeous bastard” remained unsaid. Instead, the blogger had praised the detective for his work, showering him with “Fantastic”, “Brilliant” and “Amazing”. It wasn’t the same as “I love you”.
"I think my ankle is still swelling, my dear Watson. I'll take the bandage off and try to live without it tonight."
Hurriedly, he positions himself between John Watson’s legs and nudges up against him. “Do you want it?”
Sherlock remembers Miss Adler and the cheekbones. He suppresses a shudder. The worst had been Lady Smallwood, always comparing him to Mycroft.
He let himself drop in his chair and looked for my laptop. Absent-mindedly, he nibbled at some biscuits Mrs Hudson had brought over. Soon, Sherlock would be so deep in thought that he would not even recognise that the tea in my mug was cold if he gulped it down. Or if an eyeball — leftover from some experiment — would swim in it.
However, mindful of the proximity of Holmes in his makeshift laboratory, I whispered: “Look old chap, odd things are going on. Come up as quickly as you can, I will explain there.”
His first line, “I’m a doctor” was followed by her outburst, “If you come any nearer, you’ll need a doctor.” It had been her dynamic ever since.
Not once, I kissed. A real one, one for me, for my love. I had received kisses as part of the foreplay, I had some as an apology, and I had been kissed because Watson had wanted it.
How John Watson found out about it, Molly Hooper doesn't know. She remembers his father's apothecary and his son's ability. He's a healer who is an ex-soldier, too. This John Watson is a walking paradox. It's what intrigues Sherlock Holmes, Molly suspects, but she isn't sure. Unlike what some people assume - and Sally Donovan is never stopping to let it slip in the Criterion - her shop is not one for gossip. She, or more her maids, are chatty, but when it's important, quiet as a mouse. And the thing between Sherlock Holmes and John Watson is important.
The meal was soon served, but the colonel declined. He left the table to go to his room. A little rest could only do him good, so I was not unhappy with this.
He had sensed a fatal error when he had stood on the rooftop, but the truth about Moriarty's prophecy. That
"Good heavens, Holmes, what are you doing, old boy?” the doctor suddenly blurted out in a shocked tone, closing the door behind him.
In short, life was back on track and soon new investigations were taking place. Or, as Holmes reminded me during
She is aware of his good looks. His beauty was striking even in his lanky body of his youth, not yet formed by muscles. She thought it was odd that a man like Sherlock Holmes would become a blacksmith. Surely, he could have become a scholar! Unlike other people, Molly Hooper is aware of Holmes’ mental capacity.
“Shut up, John”, Sherlock teased back. His deep baritone echoed with power—and yet it was smooth as velvet. “I am on fire...”
“You made a fatal error, Mary-Ann. Robert, who had been in the service of Colonel Landsbury for so many years, would have never abducted his daughter. A young maid and a penniless nephew, however... You were the only one who knew about Mrs Nordon's past. You had accessed the drawer, as well as to steal the key and make a duplicate. Who could buy the morphine to drug Adèle except you? The pharmacist in Norwich remembers you.
While moved by the memory, he willed himself to continue his recollection. "All evening she was talking about the pony," Landsbury said. “She went to bed around eight, wishing us a good night. Jane took her to bed, like every night. It was not until the next day, around eight o'clock, that we realized Adèle had disappeared. Her room had remained in the same state. Only an open window lets us predict the worst. No one had heard or seen anything. The police soon arrived at the scene. The journalists did not appear until a few days after the tragedy.”
Good heavens. He even stroked his cock as if to highlight the meaning of 'nature' in this context. However, I was unsure about the context - except the SEX bit. That one was blatantly obvious, even to me - as it seems...
“Six weeks before your grandfather’s death, my father drove to Sherrington to meet him. I suspect it was about the inheritance.”
So distressing, in fact, that the outcome might have resulted in me leaving Baker Street, Holmes, and our life together, for good.
Any minute now, they would be stopped in a traffic jam. John was not sure how he had ended up in the London cab: accident, drugs, magic? It was not as if he could afford one. If he had not been so desperate, John would have giggled. It was not proper or sane or anything, but John had apparently left all that when he had his wish granted in the hot desert:
Closing his eyes, he lets the sounds wash over him. Everything fades into the background, only to be abruptly brought back by the driver’s voice.
Maybe there had been a puppet or a rope or a stunt double? And yet, Scarlet was right: John didn’t care about the
Stranger things have happened, like Sherlock Holmes on a date. Sherlock doesn't quite remember what made him mention that John has asked him out, but suddenly he's pleased. It’s a warm, fuzzy feeling which needs to be shared with the world. Instinctively, he goes to his piano. Normally, it's another 20 minutes until his practice starts. Today, he improvises again. For the second day in a row, his heart rules over his mind.
“You’ve heard correctly, sir! It’s our main event, and there’s never been an occasion when it hasn't hit its mark! To feel by proxy the pain of our Lord! To witness with your own eyes his sacrifice! It’s life-changing!”
Selected few spin the conspiracy: Is it a big fuck you to the industry? Or a farewell song to concert music? Enough of the circus and the forever circle of being trotted out to perform like a prize pony?
It baffled me that in all the years I never gave myself away. I should be grateful, but it was frustrating. Surely, I could not blurt it out! I didn't want to scare him, scandalize him, or worse. Emotions overwhelmed him so easily, and yet I could not stop myself.
It might not be 100% what we wanted—because we wanted him to be with us—but it’s what we got. And getting our job done, locking up the baddies, might be exactly what we needed.
The years have come and gone, and it no longer strikes the townspeople as odd that the eccentric Sherlock Holmes puts iron jewellery on the market.
She pondered the question for a second. Her eyes turned soft. “Many have been here all of their lives, for generations. Some of them have never travelled fifty miles outside town. Then there are the incomers. Elderly people who left the cities for retirement because they enjoy the quiet and the sea. We get tourists for six weeks in the summer, but we’re a working town mainly.”
It’s time to introduce the friends: While Molly and Hopkins are with Sherlock in 221b, Greg and John are in 221c. There’s deduction of pizza toppings too.
“Bed, John. The place to rest your head and go to sleep, preferably long and uninterrupted. Yours is quite comfy, I suspect.”
And this is the end! Thank you so very much for reading it. It brought us (author & translator) such pleasure to see the stats because it was our most wish to introduce this story to a new generation.
"We have to put her in jail. These women don't deserve to live," yelled a fat waitress, a tray covered with empty beer glasses in her hand.
your pardon. Are you an automaton that only has a few words or what, doctor? Cut it. You’re a chancer, Dr John H. Watson, because damn, I know one when I see one. Is Watson actually your real name?”
etc. etc. etc. God, how John hated it. He stumbled into overheated offices, cheeks numb from the January cold outside, sweating beneath his coat, shoes soaked by slush.
but sheltered. There was only him, my one fixed point, and my whole universe. “Also, Watson, screw the law if they believe this to be a crime.”
Twenty minutes into planning the evening, Sherlock’s pretty sure that his reservations were accurate: John’s willing to throw in the towel; yet, John is also stubborn.
It was like a puzzle, a big, intricate puzzle. And it was like I only got the corner pieces, but a lot of middle pieces were missing, weren’t they? In fact, all of them. The one with the main bits of the picture on. Where were those pieces? All I had got from Holmes were instructions, but not a box with a picture on the lid to refer to. I got some pieces, bit by bit, from Cartridge and only in the aftermath from Holmes. God, I hate it. Little bits of puzzles everywhere!
Is it the love between a married man and a virgin maiden, who was once promised to another man? Or is it the love between two men?
“My God! What did I do to end up with such an incompetent fool? You weren't even supposed to kill them, Michael. The police are going to come and stick their noses all over again.”
I cursed myself for not picking up a gun. The old habit of blaming Watson for it was decidedly bad. I had to walk and walk quickly to reach the end of my journey. Wasn't it already too late?
“I’m sure what you're all saying is true enough, but I think we’ve heard enough depressing stories to last us for a while. I certainly know it’s hard for me to hear about wealthy and poor people who unite in their misfortune in their private life. To be a woman is a burden, and rarely you can escape the chains of marriage. Even the Church will agree with us: Life is a great tragedy. There’s nothing we can do about it - whatever will be, will be. Yet, it’s painful to hear about all this misery.”
"Where's my daddy?" Adèle Landsbury repeated. “I prayed so much that he would come and get me. Mary-Ann was very mean to me. She even beat me. Luckily, cousin Michael was feeding me, but he lied to me. He promised I would see daddy again when I was free. And my daddy isn't here. Where is he?
After all, it was not Molly Hooper’s fault that one fine morning in May, she had been walking through the garden at sunrise, singing like an angel and picking flowers to make new soap.
"The criminals may have preferred to lie low for a while so as not to arouse the suspicion of the police…"
“Yes, Cartridge, and so I have been. This is the third day.” Hell, I could break it down into hours and minutes. The list of things I missed, not alone with the people…
The main house was modest but well maintained. The walls were quite old, but the cracks had been filled in. The restoration of the slate roofs must have been quite expensive. Everything foreshadowed that the master of Crevecoeur Hall was interested in the well-being of his people and their home.
The wedding gift from the blacksmith is the original Lover’s Knot. It might be the best hidden in plain sight wedding ring in all of history.
"Yes. I see Robert has been gossiping. He's an incorrigible talker, but he does his job remarkably well. The colonel is waiting for you in the living room. Please stay at Crevecoeur Hall during the investigation. Please, gentlemen, follow me."
Tumblers of second-best whiskey in hand, they bickered and bantered. Time was flying by fast. The girls wished them good night in by-passing Bea’s knowing gaze and Jessie’s soft smile.
Finally, the lawyer arrived at the end of his interminable speech. Mr Arbucklehurt concluded: “A postscript was added to the will by the colonel himself. It stipulates that Michael Landsbury will only inherit his fortune if no natural or adopted child is born.
," cried Holmes. “Get over! I will protect you, I said. He recognized our child. Didn't he love you after all? He ignored your fault.”
John sat down in the armchair opposite him, the one with the Union Jack-pillow. He had only been there a few hours, but it felt like home already.
He is also knowledgeable, though: he can write legal contracts for property sales or other agreements.
When the turn of the century had approached - I remember it as if it had been yesterday - I had become agitated.
"It's from the chippy down the street. I got an extra portion because I composed their wedding song," Sherlock acts nonchalant. As a pianist, he has excellent hearing and therefore could deduce John Watson's return to their wall.
"I don't understand what ..." Holmes began, surprised, certainly not expecting a question like that. For a few seconds, he gasped for meaning, then smiled. When he finally understood what he was talking about, then he too looked up at the ceiling. His guess turned out to be exact when he saw a mistletoe hanging over their heads; then he returned to his companion's light eyes, which each time set his body on fire and gave him emotions he had never felt before knowing him.
And particularly during the night, I wonder if it was a good decision and not a selfish one to abandon our old life, as I look back in the books that I have written and published, as a retirement project to the delight of the public.
“If I visit a man I'm just friends with, you yell at me. But if you come home drunk from the Criterion, well, that’s my fault! You like to say that it’s not fair that you had to marry a rich woman who is too proud and demanding. Should I have been as poor but beautiful as docile Molly Hooper?”
I don’t have it in my heart to reply, “This is not the peace I wanted to bring to you,” because what I want was never on the table.
A small smile appeared on the young woman's face, the first in a long time, giving her back some of her old beauty.
“As you have well deduced by now, the object of the masquerade was to lure Organ somewhere. We could extract a confession from him by subterfuge.
The Bentley plunged on through the beginning darkness, its fuel gauge pointing to zero. It had pointed to zero for over sixty years now. The Bentley’s gearstick shifted itself down to third, and the car
Unable to do so, I cut short the inspector's elated remarks, disdaining Holmes' sharp gaze before calling for silence.
so elegantly dressed, with a big smile on his lips, he was truly a handsome man. He looked sheepish and ashamed of his anger the night before. He greeted Mrs Nordon gallantly, and we had a meeting in the inn room, amid the conversations of the customers and the smell of the food being prepared in the kitchens. Mutton stew, if I remember correctly.
“Which was it—Afghanistan or Iraq? John Watson, where were you when you were shot in the shoulder? Afghanistan or Iraq?”
The girl’s name is intentional. It might not even be her real name. When I posted the story 8 years ago, no one made the connection. Who knows, maybe your second name is Sherlock...^^?
“I said that I don’t grant wishes, but not in the sense that you think. It’s more of a gift. I have high standards for wishes. Perhaps I should say that I don’t grant
As the years went on, the weathered body of an ex-soldier had fewer urges and more need for comfort. To have the body of his love near him in a proper bed (if only for one) was a sanctuary, a home for a borrowed time.
Joyfully, we had returned to Baker Street. It was December, cold and snowy. The prospect of a fireplace, some mulled cider and some pleasant conversation was far more tempting. With bright faces, we had entered our rooms, slipped out of our outerwear and sat down in our chairs.
She was more than a landlady or a housekeeper, and she proved it again on that day as she switched over to a mother figure in a heartbeat. Instantly, she says, “I’ll bring some biscuits.” On her way through the door, she promised a cake, “but just this once, mind you, to celebrate.”
“And you're acting stubborn, John. Do you want me to say it in plain terms? I’m tired, John. It’s been a long day and even more exhausting weeks, months and years. I just want to sleep for a thousand years if possible. Before I would say that’s the realm of the fairytale, but we’ve known better now. So: let us go to bed.”
The play itself drew material from Conan Doyle's published stories "A Scandal in Bohemia", "The Final Problem" and "A Study in Scarlet", while adding much that was new as well. As the plot was largely taken from Doyle's canon, with some dialogue directly lifted from his original stories, Doyle was credited as a co-author, even though Gillette wrote the play.
like an ice sculpture, we caught the culprit in the act: our client. Jacob Marley had hired us to find her, but out of sinister motifs: he wanted his daughter and his ship back while getting rid of the unwanted son-in-law who knew too much of his business.
“Robert won it all. Instead of being happy to see his honour saved, the deceitful woman punished, the colonel committed suicide,” Stanley said bitterly.
Mr Watson, the more patient of the two men, had presented it to them some months ago, apparently to the surprise of Mr Holmes if the architect had to guess. Yet, his husband had let it be, only insisting that "there had to be one bedroom."
it like a fact, and it rattles John further. He stands up straighter, fighting his body into submission once more. “You do.”
Sherlock Holmes and John Watson are locked up in 221b. It's for a case, or so the detective has said. However, his intimate companion cannot shake off the feeling that something else is going on.
Martha Hudson cannot tell for sure, so she can only hope that Mrs Turner would reply, “Yes! By Saint Paul’s bell, you’re absolutely right!”
Before we could retire to bed together, we had to address the elephant in the room. Unlike the other times, I hesitated. Normally, I enjoyed Holmes’ dazzling solution to a case. He bathed in my praise as well, but we knew that today’s outcome would not be “perfect “, “amazing” or “brilliant”.
"It was foolish to leave the Winsterneys without treatment. Or to run off into the cold. Whatever have you been thinking, Holmes? You are no longer a young man!"
We snort and end up giggling like schoolboys, even though we are slightly older. I estimated my new age at around 28, but I
"This sounded like a statement, don’t you agree?" Said Holmes, several minutes later, as if nothing had happened. “One might say even a love declaration...”
The case had been highly confidential. To be frank, John had not understood parts of it. Something about a secret society that avenges sins or something. Lots of esoteric nonsense if you asked him. Sherlock had tried to explain it to him, about messages in pictures and layouts of old sheds and telling names, and if John recalled correctly knowledge about Thomas of Aquinas and Sigmund Freud were also important, and John had effectively shut him up with a surprise kiss.
For their date, John suggests they should cook something together. Sherlock knew it: John Watson is a secret romantic. He wants to intervene, but then he remembers John is the expert for relationships. To follow his lead is surely advised.
"And you hit that poor fellow in the middle of the street? Hell, Watson, it's not good to make fun of the surrounding ladies. And you were ready to beat up as well, Landsbury. You are unreasonable at your age."
“It’s not all clear to me as yet, I’m afraid to say, old boy.” Holmes hesitated, weighing his words carefully. “I think your grandfather had other plans about his inheritance than he led on. I believe he thinks his father’s disappearance might have something to do with your grandfather and that. Mr Jones suspects something sinister, but as of now, I am undecided. We shall see.”
"Right now, John," Holmes insists, "Kiss it, right now." He moves a trifle closer to him and continues to flaunt his cock a bare inch from him.
"My God, " I couldn't help but whisper. I was running against time and God only knows if I had run out already. Robert was sent for Inspector Stanley. Accompanied by the cook and Mary-Ann, we rushed out into the park, white with snow.
So Gregory Lestrade has to tell her she’s pretty again and again. On her birthday, he throws her parties and buys her new clothes. Once he even bought a gift from Molly Hooper’s shop. He never forgets to say nice things about her friends and family.
"You forced my hand, my dear Watson. Now you dare to ask me if I want to take the case? Do I have a choice, old boy?"
As Molly Hooper doesn't have gout, she can dance all she wants. She never really loses her temper. No, a modest diet, exercise, and a positive attitude are all the medicine she needs to stay healthy and strong. So she hopes it will help her father too.
There is no question why John isn't using a cane after 7 years. No comment why John is shopping, and on a weekday during lunch break no less. Greg puts the purchases in the bags, not once asking why all items are bought twice.
"That would surprise me, sir. He and the colonel hate each other. The cook told me they had cursed each other heavily and that the youngster swore never to come back, even with his feet in front. The colonel replied he was thrilled."
Since John’s curt nod, there’s been silence inside the car. Except for the two or five occasions when the cabbie himself had sworn. “Bollocks! A lorry broke down.”
“It must be said that I was so surprised to learn that my uncle recognized your child. He's a man I've never liked, always so picky about honour. I couldn't imagine…”
I knew he wanted to add an “obvious” or “elementary”. Yet, he observed our ex-client and has learned to not agitate criminals. It was a tough lesson, and as I knew it didn’t come easy for him — he, who wanted to prove that he’s the smartest in the room and could beat every baddie at their own game — was proud. Sherlock Holmes was capable of change, and I was once more grateful to witness it.
Watson has heard it once before: by the same man, uttered in this room, only yesterday. The events of today haven’t been enough to push the memories out of his head. Frankly, Watson fears he will never forget it: the one night during which they shared a bed.
The rant about Jinn's jobs nowadays and how they resemble a cab driver; it's Jim's, aka a consulting criminal. If you spot a familiar line or two from BBC SHERLOCK or ACD, it's a fusion after all.
The cottage is picturesque: white bricks and a thatched roof. The wooden shutters are shaking quietly in the wind. It is weather-faced, just like its inhabitants. I had bought the cottage at the beginning of the 20th century as a retirement place and added Watson to the deed.
Here, in 221b, John Watson could imagine himself sitting in his chair and typing blog entries about his lunatic of a new friend. Since meeting Sherlock, he
Although he had always tried to involve him in the holidays over the years, he had never succeeded. The man, during that festive period, used to hide in his room playing the violin; but, more frequently, he spent hours and hours sitting in the chair smoking a pipe, in a state of total apathy. He had never seen anyone so refractory to the carols, who arrived muffled by the road, or the joyful air charged with the odours of goose and ginger biscuits, prepared the hostess for the occasion.
In front of Holmes' surprise, little acquainted with the feminine sensibility, I told him about the meeting with Mrs Nordon. He shook his head, saddened.
Was he not one iota better when he hired her under false pretences? Willingly send them into danger? Unsupervised, unprepared. Definitely.
Molly Hooper, always cheery, got depressed. She went from lively to forlorn, and no one except Sherlock Holmes registered it.
in his armchair next to the fire, Sherlock’s face was open and almost relaxed. John sensed that was unusual for him, and it warmed his heart.
Mary shrugged, took a bite of her sandwich. “She’s busy with appointments for the rest of the day,” she said.
"I had one that was all fine during daylight, but when it went dark, just like the temperature dropped, so did his cock. I swear a grown-up woman in the firelight and the young lose everything! I joke to you not: I could see him freeze alongside his member!"
Sergeant Donovan, you are part of DI Lestrade’s team. You were one of the first to voice doubt about Sherlock Holmes.
Who cares about what’s proper at the deathbed of one's beloved? I never cared for the views of society and church, and I assumed that Mycroft had envisioned something similar when he had set me on his path. After all, he had been not only the older but also the smarter brother. I could not save him, but Mycroft had sensed that the death of John Watson would break me. His demise, however, had been a motivator; as a man who had abhorred all emotions, my brother had indeed played a perfect game.
. Most people’s wishes are tremendously dull. Where’s the excitement if all you do for centuries is granting the same wishes repeatedly? Not to mention the repeated reminder that no, you can’t grant infinite wishes, and, no, you can’t grant immortality
John used to have a smile that had put people at ease. Since Sherlock’s death, it had vanished. His therapist, Ella, had suggested in his last session that it had died with him. John hadn’t corrected her.
It was then when Molly Hooper learned the hard truth: that some things are lost forever because there’s no cure. All she sells is smoke and mirrors, pleasantries for daily use, but no remedy for the nastiness of life.
"Of course, I can. Sex is only transport, a distraction, nice but I'm above it." I raised my eyebrows. I remembered quite a different speech, further than some other encounters - THANKFULLY - without Christmas songs and candy cane, but hallelujah. My doubts were transparent as House rushed to add: "Could, yes, why you have to know me that well, Wilson. I am a sex god; now, you know it. Therefore, it was only natural to celebrate the season on my way. And..."
I was standing behind him and was looking over his left shoulder. I wore a blue shirt that Sherlock had insisted on. Both of my arms were raised at shoulder height. My index fingers were pointing towards two red marks on Sherlock’s flanks.
Naturally, the tale lured the adults in as well. For obvious reasons, John was more sympathetic towards his namesake. His Sherlock still claimed that love stories (except theirs, naturally) are above him. The mystery, however, thrilled him. Of course, he observed the details and deduced the solution far earlier. Yet, even as his gleaming eyes and tapping fingers showed his excitement
"Certainly not. I will never tolerate it. Do you have a complaint about the fireplace in your room?"
Sherlock heard their daughter's laughter and glee. He looked up, his eyes finally meeting his husband’s. Both men smiled. He could never hate it though, he just could not bring himself to utter the words, "I love it, I really do, all of it, our life, Rosie, you," so easily. It was easier to swear and to hear the fond comment "bloody drama queen" or "you wanker" instead. It was their language, and at last, it was their shared life.
Worse yet, Sherlock knew it. With glaring eyes and fidgeting fingers, he read John like an open book, knowing that John would grumble.
John looked around, having no real interest in doing so last night, far too occupied with his lover.
John picked up an almost empty bottle of milk from the mantelpiece and then walked into the kitchen. “Oi, what’s this?”
"Nothing concrete, I grant you that. Tomorrow I will pay a little visit to the colonel's lawyer, a Mr Arbucklehurt of Norwich, to clarify the situation."
I used the time to observe Sherlock: he was still wearing his tailor-made suits. I could barely stop him from putting on his Belstaff this morning. His hair product was posh and made his curls shine in the sunlight (and only I witnessed his frenzy whenever he discovered grey hair. They were pulled out immediately, and I did my duty to kiss his scalp to make it all better.) His tight button-down was straining over his chest as he has put on some muscles in recent months, shaping him even more into an action hero.
the everyday life of modern London. Rush-hour was slowing down, but the stream of tourists was peaking, cabs looking for a fare and public transport running 24/7. A maelstrom of noises, the sound of home.
Mrs Hudson compliments him on his music choice, but Sherlock knows her enough by now that he could pick anything and she would be a fan. He feels loved.
Holmes works the salve around Watson’s entrance with his finger, pressing a little harder now, tracing little circles around him and then laying his finger against the opening with a bit more force.
Originally, Mrs Hudson had entered 221b under the pretence of tidying up a bit. Sherlock had seen through it in seconds, a "thank you" mumbled by him devouring the fresh scones. If his landlady continues like this, Sherlock might even consume muesli one morning.
I am an assistant to a detective who’s looking for clues. Or as Sherlock refers to me these days, “This is my friend and partner, John Watson, who you can speak to as freely as with me. I trust him with my life.”
Neither talking, nor writing a blog about his so-called life would help him, yet his therapist Ella Thompson insisted on the opposite. Seriously though, what should Dr John H. Watson, ex-captain of the Northumberland Fusiliers, write? Nothing ever happened to him.
“I understand,” I said, “your astonishment. Especially since this postscript was added to Colonel Landsbury's will by me. It was a setup, you see. And you fell into the trap.
In the end, I shut him up by kissing him. It is quite effective, and as things progressed Holmes could observe and deduce that our routine and role in bed has not changed with the place. It is us; we fit. It’s home.
Our client hesitated, took another sip of brandy, then another, clearly stalling. Finally, he said: "It's my fault. I threw her out three weeks ago."
"Over the past few weeks, I have thoroughly studied the traditions and legends associated with Christmas. Did you know that in some parts of Europe, the character of Saint Nicholas is associated with demons who beat and whip up bad children? From my in-depth research it emerged that, when two people are under a bunch of mistletoe, they should kiss
MORIARTY: So it leaves us alone — doesn’t it, Mr Holmes — alone; so that we can talk the matter over quietly and not be
