She reached out to grab for the paper slips in the glass bowl to her left. The girls in the crowd froze up like popsicles, but the bitch on stage didn’t care. She just grabbed one and held it up. Dean had to hand her that, at least—she wasn’t playing the usual game of upping the suspense as if this was
Begrudgingly, Bela darted her eyes over in the direction Dean pointed. He knew she’d seen what he wanted her to when a wicked little grin ticked up her cherry red lips.
and the makeup save her a bit. She could almost pass for 20 in the right light, and it’s pitch black in the garden apart from the tealights, so he doesn’t think she’ll have a problem.
For one absolutely awful, terrible moment, he honestly thought about punching Sam in the face. He’d never done it before. Never even thought about it before. Sure, he’d thought of smacking the kid around a bit when he got too mouthy, but never anything that violent. Never anything that personal.
And that’s part of what’s throwing Dean for such a loop here. He’ll be the first to own up to the fact that there are a lot of ways to get on his bad side. Waking him up early, for one thing, or stealing the last beer from the fridge. But if anybody wanted to make Dean hate them, or at least never trust them, there are really only four ways: threaten Sam, threaten innocent people, invade any part of Dean’s property without his knowledge and/or consent, or tell him what to do.
Still, it's a little easier now he knows that the place they're headed isn't anywhere he's been before. Close as it is to the Tributes' hotel, he's never actually been this direction. It's too close to the President's mansion for that to have been a possibility.
Dean’s fingers finally close around dusty glass. He hauls it out, pops the cork with his teeth, and downs the rest of it—maybe a fifth—in one go. It burns all the way down, and he actually coughs some of it up. If he could smile right now, he would—this is exactly what he needs.
“Good.” Trixie cleared his throat, then took a step back. In Dean’s condition, they were at the same height, perfectly eye-to-eye. “Just so you know, I wasn’t assigned to you. I
The look he received in return did nothing but deepen Castiel’s confusion. Unfortunately, in their line of work, it was an expression Castiel was all too familiar with. Dean looked like the wind had been knocked out of him.
“Yep. Think about it—you ever even seen him on the TV?” He paused, but Dean and Bela didn’t really need it—they both knew for a fact that they hadn’t. “Thought not. Look, it’s all very
Bobby snatched the glass bottle from Dean’s hand and slammed it back onto the shelf. Dean opened his mouth to complain, but the look in Bobby’s eyes brokered no argument. With a little huff of his own, he tossed back the last shot he’d managed to pour and settled himself against the wall, arms crossed and shoulders hunched.
Neither Dean nor Bela bothered to respond to that. They’d both learned enough by now to know it was impossible to tell if she was being sarcastic or genuinely sucked at giving compliments, and they’d both decided separately that they wouldn’t care. The fact that she returned to her comm immediately after, as if Dean and Bela weren’t worth any more of her time, didn’t help any.
He pushes the memory of exploding lights out of his head, too, crossing his arms and focusing on Sam instead.
“You keep your brother safe,” he’d said, the last words he’d ever spoken to Dean before he was gunned down just outside the District fence. “Keep Sammy from getting reaped. And, if you can’t—”
“I sincerely doubt it. But you need to know.” He’s got that same dry tone, raspy as sandpaper on gravel. He looks at Dean like he’s about to share the secrets of the universe with him. Dean’s too tired already to tell him he doesn’t want it. “The rising of the witnesses is one of the 66 seals.”
A moment passes—a long one—before Metatron waves his hands again to settle the crowd. He clears his throat and lets himself look a little more serious. Well, as serious as he can look with that goofy looking twitch in his eyes like a kid about to get a cookie. “As you all know, we here in the Capitol like to spice things up every now and then. We like to call these momentous occasions the Quarter Quell.”
Dean grits his teeth and pulls her tight to his side. He looks at her instead of the iron gate, and keeps his eyes on her to keep from shaking.
Just the thought sends a shiver down his spine, and he clutches harder at his pants to keep from showing it.
There’s no real heat behind the words, but there could be. Very easily. Balthazar seems to reach the same conclusion, and, while he looks insulted as hell, he keeps his trap shut and marches himself off.
“He’s no Gabe, but it isn’t bad.” He coughs, hand hovering in midair. After a second of Dean honestly thinking he’s about to get that punch, Sam leans forward and claps it on Dean’s shoulder instead. It weighs him down like iron. “I’ll see you when it’s over. Okay?”
Bela cocked an eyebrow, her curiosity obvious, but neither Dean nor Bobby elaborated. She didn’t need to know the details. Besides, Dean felt stupider than usual for not realizing that already. Of course the Capitol wouldn’t let Bobby and Ellen keep an eye on their kid themselves. Still, though, Jody wasn’t a bad pick. She was plenty capable, and Dean knew she’d do her damnedest to keep Jo alive. Just like Dean would.
Castiel says it dry as two-day-old toast, but not insincere. Unused to honesty that doesn’t lash out with barbs as Dean is, he doesn’t let it faze him. He keeps moving forward, jaw slack with fury, his eyes gleaming with it. After this thing pulled the angelic equivalent of the “don’t call me, I’ll call you” spiel, he didn’t expect to hear from it so soon. For it to have the nerve to do it
Much as they like to pretend they’re some whole other species, the Capitol ain’t that different from District 9. Slide the right amount of money or the right kind of booze into the right back pocket, get a little heavy-handed with the flirting, play drunk and stupid so everyone thinks you’re incompetent, and you'll get anything you want. Bobby might have taught him that last one, but Dean’s been doing the other two since he started school. It doesn’t matter where they’re from—all people can be bought. You just gotta know the currency.
He confirmed that Heaven was protected, that other angels held their presence along the Gate, and, then, he was gone.
Dean rolls back over, stills. His stomach feels like a lead weight. You spend a year or two in the life, you start recognizing what it feels like when someone, some
He looks up at Dean from under his eyelashes. “We’ve got it under control,” he mutters. “Cassie knew this was coming. He knew to prepare for it. That’s why he sent Sam back alone.”
Castiel nodded. “Yes. I asked him if he knew about the strange occurrences in town, and he told me to join him out here. Presumably to avoid being overheard.”
shut. Dean clenched his fists, annoyed at the way the hairs stood up on the back of his neck. Everything in the Capitol was a spy, tech and vehicles included, so it wasn’t a surprise that the train doors knew when they were all set. Didn’t make it any less disturbing.
She sauntered away from him, still swinging her hips way more than necessary, and stepped up to the register at the end of her desk. Her fingers flipped through the pages, taking their sweet time about it, before finally picking up her pen and knocking off two lines at the bottom.
Sam looks over, eyebrow raised. Dean nods, even as he grits his teeth. His brother is being smart about this—helpful, given that Dean isn’t smart about much of anything. The fact that he forgot about the other Tributes is testament to that. He’ll need all the help he can get in the brains department, and this Kevin kid seems to fit the bill. But the “kid” part is all that Dean can really focus on. Kevin’s sixteen-damn-years-old—doesn’t matter that he’s already won one of these, he’s a goddamn baby as far as Dean’s concerned.
“Take care of your—damnit, Sam, you could get yourself killed over this! All over some stupid, fucking…” His fingers clench around the amulet. “Jesus, Sammy, you’re supposed to be the smart one!”
In those first instants, Castiel thought it was God Himself, returned to add to His most brilliant creation. There was no light, though, much less one as bright as the one Castiel had felt in the ether at his birth. Perhaps one of his brothers, then, another angel come to witness the splendor of the Earth up close. But the movement had not come from above—it came from below.
Sam barreled down the aisle like a steam train and rammed right into Dean’s chest. Dean held them both steady, legs shaking but feet braced against the dusty ground. He let his arms wrap around the kid for two seconds, maybe three, taking in the wet stain growing on his shoulder and the smell of hay in his brother’s hair. Then, he pushed Sam back and coughed.
Sam does something on his side of the comm, and two dark-haired kids—a boy with tan skin and a girl with wild, angry eyes—pop up on the screen.
It takes even less time to reach the stage than it did for Balthazar to dress him. The small but growing crowd surrounding it parts easily to let them all through. Between the headache and his stomach and the fact that he still can’t get over how green he is (clothes
With a roll of his shoulders, Castiel turned toward his friends. Sam was quite obviously attempting to look anywhere close to Jerome or Castiel. Dean’s eyes, however, were firmly glued to Castiel’s face. If he didn’t know better, Castiel might have guessed that Dean had just run over a large mammal with his car.
The announcer’s voice echoed off the mirrored walls and stone floor. Dean’s spine stiffened, but he covered it well with a wink in Bela’s direction.
“Well, guess I didn’t pick the best time to talk shop then. Good thing I brought a surprise to butter you up.”
Moments like these made Castiel wonder why it was Sam and not Dean who had elected to go to law school.
He snapped his jaw shut, refusing to give her the courtesy of responding, even if it was to call her a bitch. Fortunately, the train interrupted them before he had to deal with any more of her compliments. With a
The crowd on the TV goes nuts. Bobby curses loudly. Jody’s coffee cup smashes on the floor. Lucifer snaps his fingers, quieting the crowd before him so he can keep talking, but Dean doesn’t hear a word he says.
Jerome swallowed loudly at that. Castiel tried to hide his smile—it seemed that Dean might have been right in thinking there was something suspicious in that room.
It takes him a minute, but he finally figures it out. Archer. Like her mom. Lydia. She even looks a little like her. She’d been in Dean’s grade before he quit school. She gave him one hell of a ride.
The light changed. It was subtle, at first, but Dean hadn’t gotten where he was by ignoring signals. The mountains that surrounded the windows dipped, fading to hills, then bumps, then flat ground and, finally, water. Orange sunlight bounced off it and straight into the train car, painting everything like an old timey photograph. The train started to slow.
He shakes his head, and a tear rolls down his nose. That’s not a thought he needs to be dwelling on. He did enough of that while he was on the rack—it was one of Alistair’s favorite torture porn scenarios, making him watch his brother die in his arms over, and over, and over again. He’s fucking done with it.
Bela didn’t seem to find that funny. Her loss, Dean thought—in his opinion, he was pretty fucking hilarious.
He didn’t take the moment for granted. He swallowed, breathed, allowed himself a moment to shake. The second the train stopped, he wouldn’t get another chance. He’d have to plaster on that vague smile, the fearless eyes and rough bravado he’d learned how to sport since he was five-freaking-years-old. But, for now, he could let it all wash over him. Right now, he could let it sink in. He was a rat in a maze, and he was marching to almost guaranteed death.
“… looks as good as he’s going to get,” one of them drawled under her breath. “Couldn’t do much for the freckles, but maybe they’ll find him… charming.”
His head jerked up and down a single time, the most he could manage. But it was enough. The screen on Dean’s right zoomed back, and then it was just him, and Bela, and the blonde between them. Up there, with the light in his eyes, he couldn’t see anything else.
Balthazar clicks his tongue, and Dean swears to a God he probably never believed in that he will choke the guy to death with his own scrap of shirt if he says something smartass. But maybe God does exist and just has a horrible sense of when to intervene. It wouldn't surprise him.
Fists raised, pissed as hell at himself for purposely leaving his weapons in his room, he spins around, ready to charge forward.
The words are out of his mouth before he can stop them. Well before he can paint them with the anger of speaking on Sammy’s behalf instead of lashing out from his own hurt.
“Thanks, Dean.” His fingers shook as he started in on the waxy feathers. “Just one more year, right? Just gotta get through tomorrow.”
“Damnit, Sam! Not this again. You’re almost a goddamn adult. You’re too old to believe in fairytales.”
Still, fucked up as it was, Dean depended on that guilt. John had been dead for two years now, and that meant the Capitol had to ship in another Victor to act as the Tributes’ mentor. Dean, at least, had gotten lucky that District 6 was the closest. Ellen had come last year, but that still meant a smuggled letter to Bobby asking for advice on ganking the wasp-looking things that had gotten loose at the time. It took three months for Bobby to get around to sneaking a reply back, by which point Dean had almost run out of creative ways to hide the boils from their stings. Dean wasn’t gonna waste the chance he had this year to talk to him in person.
“Bunch o’ rich folks—extra rich, not plain ol’ Capital rich—are throwing a shindig a couple blocks up from the hotel. Figured it’d be a good chance to drum up business with potential sponsors.”
They both allowed themselves a short smile at that. Bobby's second wife wasn't a pistol, she was a friggin' shotgun. But Bobby didn’t mention how Jo was doing, and Dean didn’t ask. She was twelve—how did any twelve-year-old handle this bullshit? He’d grown up with that kid, though, descendants of Victors as they were, and he would bet his bottom dollar that she pulled some shit about being old enough to take care of herself. Had he not been afraid that it’d start the water works, he would’ve rolled his eyes at the thought.
“Whoa whoa whoa, slow your roll, hot stuff.” For a little guy, Trixie was quick—in the blink of an eye, he was hovering right in front of Dean’s face. Well, his chest, anyway. Even in heels, he was a solid head shorter. “Where the hell are you going? Not sure you noticed, but the door is all lasered up. And what are you gonna wear tonight?”
The President takes the stage, tall and sturdy behind his podium. The curtains behind him light up to give him a kind of halo effect, like some gleaming, angelic god, like the sun shines out of his ass. Dean laughs dryly at the image—no doubt a special instruction from the President himself. But Dean knows better. Any closer, and the camera would catch how his skin peels behind his makeup, flaking away like the meth addicts of old. It might even catch his reddened, disease-ridden eyes. But the camera stays just far enough away that only those who’ve seen him in up-close and personal would know to look for it—that just isn’t something the crowd is supposed to notice.
Dean yanked it back, mouth half-open to ask her what the hell she was doing, but her eyes stopped him. For one, they actually held a hint of emotion, something he’d yet to see in her. For another, that emotion was straight up fear.
The tricky part now is gonna be getting out of his room, off his floor, and into Cas’s hands at all. It’s easier to do this when you’re the escort—not so much when you’re the player.
“Lucifer?” The name sticks to his tongue. “But I thought Lucifer was just a story they told at Demon Sunday School.” Except they didn’t. Forty years in Hell, and never, not once, did any of them say, even
“Twenty-two, soldier to the core. I know she don’t look like much, but… she’s another to watch out for. She has the highest kill rate of any of the victors here. Well, second highest.”
That said, even he knew that there were a limited number of ways to interpret a kiss, especially one that included a hand at the front of his pants and a warm tongue in his mouth.
Up on the couch, Sam shifts over. Naïve, well-rested, and completely unaware. Dean swallows down the unwarranted relief, the pity, the outrage. He swallows it down and focuses.
A bullet speared through Dean’s brain. His whole body went numb. That wasn’t… he hadn’t heard right. This couldn’t…
If his knees weren’t wobbling, he’d have his hands wrapped round its neck, holding till its eyes turned red and it ran out of breath.
Work? The fact that the Almighty wants him the same way everyone else does—to do the fucking job and keep his head down—is about the most triggering thing this
With a shiver, Jerome jerked his head toward the backdoor. Castiel allowed himself another cursory glance at the rest of the people in the bar, then followed. He squinted when the door slammed behind him—the orange burn of the setting sun was somehow stronger than it had been at midday.
Roaring, he grips his head with both hands and kicks at the table, scraping it across the floor a good few feet before the damn thing topples over. The bang when it hits the ground settles his nerves, at least for the moment. Hell is gone. Alistair is gone. And
“Pleasure doing business with you, Dean!” she called out behind him. “And may the odds be ever in your—”
what I’m talking about. I dunno, might just be the District 9 in me, but I never understood a guy who’d let someone he cares about march to their death. Guess that’s why I’m in this position to begin with, though.”
Bobby pursed his lips, probably gearing up to tell Dean to cut the bullshit, but Bela cut him to it. In the reflection of the glass bottles, Dean could tell that what he’d taken for irritation was straight up desperation. She almost looked unhinged.
Eyes closed, shower droplets stuck to his lashes, he takes one last moment to himself then slams the water off. Sam pokes his head in, no coffee or bourbon to be seen, and Dean grits his teeth as he dries off and pulls on his robe. That dumb Bambi look is still in his brother’s eyes, Dean can feel it, but he refuses to see it again. He keeps his head down as he shoulders the door open the rest of the way and walks by.
When she hits the steps, close enough for him to take her in for himself, something prickles at the back of his head. He didn’t expect to recognize her. He never expects to recognize anybody in the District—he purposely avoids them all like the plague. But this girl is familiar.
Dean rubs his hands over his knees, fingers digging into the holes of his jeans. The Capitol’s theme music blares on the TV—the counter in the top corner lets them know they just have one more minute till the real fun starts.
The victors from 2 look every bit as badass as they usually do, but nowhere near as young. The man is practically ancient, a bear of a dude with long hair and an epic beard, both streaked with grey. His eyes twinkle in a way that makes Dean think of the Grim Reaper dressed as Santa Claus. It wouldn’t take a genius to peg the guy as Cain Adamson, victor of the very first Games, highest damn number of kills that anyone’s ever seen—all 23 of his competitors. Dean didn’t think the guy was still alive. Obviously, he was wrong.
Cause, see, Dean stopped believing in God when he was about six. That’s when it finally sunk in that praying wouldn't bring Mom back. That
“And don’t think this is gonna be an everyday thing, alright? It’s just cause this is a special occasion.”
Much as he didn’t want to, Dean filed away that little nugget of information for later. Forest arenas were popular for a reason—lots of hiding places, lots of opportunities for ambushes. Doing it out in the open like this had a whole different set of complications. But Dean knew how to make it work. Stay low, stay slow, and hoard the ranged weapons.
Dean gives her a closer look. She doesn’t look a thing like the former Gamesmaster. Her skin is too pale, her hair too dark. Not that that means anything, given Bobby’s comments about the plastic surgery she’s had done. But then he glances back to her eyes. The eyes he mistook for angry have a kind of gleam to them. They glint a little black. In better lighting, they might flash yellow.
Dean holds up his hands, palms out and easy as can be. “Hey hey, I know. I’m not trying to pull one over on you. Promise. I don’t plan on going anywhere. But…”
He died not even five hours into the Games. So has every other kid he’s had to administer his concoction to.
The beady little eyes darken, narrow. Dean’s sure that a lesser man’s hair might stand on end to see it. His doesn’t. He’s faced worse before. Crowley ain’t got nothing on what he’s been up against.
In the last three hours, he’d been poked and prodded and tweezed and tucked and waxed and, if another goddamn person so much as looked at him while holding a sponge, he swore he was gonna commit his first murder in here, Games be damned. Yeah, it was nice to not smell like grease and moldy wheat for once, and he actually liked feeling his legs rub smooth and hairless against each other, but those were secrets he was all too happy to take to his grave. It was the principle of the matter—he’d spent eighteen years being thrown around like trash, he wasn’t about to be pampered or whatever now. Especially when the pampering was just a manicured version of that same treatment—nice or not, the Capital hags hadn’t exactly been easy on the goods. Even his balls felt bruised.
Light glinted in from a crack in the folded ceiling. The sky was starting to turn orange overhead. Dean figured that gave him just under half an hour to get back before nightfall. The sigh that left his body, deflating him, was childish, and he knew it, but it wasn’t like there was anybody out here to see. Every time he came out here, it got a little bit easier to imagine running away, heading for the mountains and never looking back. But he could never do that to Sam. The guards, and the Games, and the world they lived in were all dangerous, but at least the odds weren’t stacked too high against his baby brother. Out here, though? Out here, Sam wouldn’t stand a chance.
Usually, that don’t matter. Right or wrong, you can still be a dick. And Castiel is definitely a dick. But Dean still can’t hate him. Not even with his brain detached and bricked up behind the only wall left that can give it an illusion of safety.
Dean clenches his fist and pulls it back. He’s gonna do it. Good behavior for Bobby be damned, he’s gonna lay this son of a bitch out right here, right now. Gabe shakes his head, a soft twitch to the side, as if that’s gonna save him now. He’s just happy that the little squirt actually looks scared.
“Please, it’s just three entries,” he repeated, solidly knocking him off his train of thought. “It’s barely anything. Most of the kids my age have ten or more! You have, like, forty!”
“My name is Ruby, and I’ll be your escort for the duration of this year’s Games. Lucky me.” Ruby sighed dramatically and gave them a quick onceover. “This is the part where I’m supposed to tell you about how I’ll be supporting you all the way and ‘Go team!’, but let’s be real here. The Games are rigged. You know it, I know it, everybody with more than two brain cells to rub together knows it. I just don’t happen to be popular enough to know who they’ve rigged it
Bobby huffs, again, then wanders over to the spread of liquor on the counter. They never stock rotgut on Capital trains, but this one does have a rum close to 150 proof. It’s probably for lighting mixed drinks on fire or some hoity toity shit like that. Bobby just pours himself half a scotch glass of the stuff and downs it like cheap soda.
He grabs a fucking bottle of wine and uncorks it with his teeth. It tastes like vinegar and raisins, but he downs the whole thing. He keeps his eyes on the peeling label as he shoves past his brother.
“And you can?” Before the little smartass could even attempt to answer, Dean forged ahead. “We both know I’ll be fine, I’ve practically been doing this my whole life. I’m a hunter, Sam!”
“Dead serious, Deano. I’m doing the exact same thing you are, and don’t you forget it. I take stuff that nobody cares about, and I use it in a way that nobody’s gonna forget. I use clothes and shoes and shit. You use yourself. And they’re gonna fucking
She clicked her tongue, and the guard holding Sam let go. Breathe flooded Dean’s body like a gale-force wind. His heart was still pounding a mile a minute, but at least Sam was safe. At least he could breathe.
Flipping her hair over her shoulder, she stepped across the people in her row to get to the middle aisle. The drone camera zoomed in close, picking up her steely eyes and pouty mouth. The screen never flickered toward the audience. If Dean had been a good person, he might’ve pitied her—the only thing that meant was that she had no friends or family whose horrified reactions the Capitol could milk. When this girl died, nobody was gonna care at all. And everything about how she held herself said that she knew it, too.
Dean’s blood runs cold. His thoughts from earlier, the ones that chased his brain away from sleep, steamroll right back into him. This holier-than-thou fucking prick is the thing that Sam’s been believing in all these years?
Dean opened his mouth—no one who dressed like an old-timey lumberjack had any right to mock his clothes, Capitol couture or not—but the sound of clapping, louder and more sincere than Ruby’s, interrupted him.
"Yes, unfortunately. He was completely banking on the fact that Lucifer would want to prolong and publicize his suffering for the deception. It seems he was correct."
The man’s whiskey-soaked breath seeps into his skin, and, for a horrible second, he thinks he might start crying. Thank God Bobby seems to have the same trigger, though, cause he lets go, slapping Dean’s chest on the way, and shoves them apart before either of them can get too emotional. They both know it’s impossible to shut certain doors once they’re open.
Saline dripped from his eyes and nose onto Dean’s palm where it touched his face. They both shivered, but Dean refused to break. If he did, he didn’t know that he would be able to put himself back together.
He glanced up at the stone walls surrounding them. The cameras were off, and now they were just prisoners again. There weren’t any doors besides the one that closed behind them, the same one they’d leave through once the rest of the crowd took off.
“Did you hear a damn thing I said, boy?” Bobby rolls his eyes, then nabs the whiskey bottle off the table to pour himself another couple of fingers. “Given all that,
The woman ignored him. Still grinning, she pulled one hare out by its ear. The pale, stripped skin looked right at home in her palm.
Dean’s stampeding heart just… stops. So does everything else. He blinks, and Castiel is gone. The kitchen’s gone. Dean’s gone. The only thing left is black.
With a huff, she spun away from him to stare at Bobby. Dean took the opportunity to grab a canteen of amber liquid and upend it into a shot glass. If this was the conversation they were gonna have, malt liquor wasn’t gonna cut it—he needed something with a little more bite. One sip in and he knew he’d made the right choice. It tasted like fire all the way down and left him feeling warm and swimmy. Good stuff.
To his own surprise, Dean actually laughed. In a way, he was kind of glad—he had no idea how the hell to respond to such a stupid question, so it was a good thing that his body took over for him.
“Your stylist, baby!” He gave his arms a flamboyant shake. “Figured you’d be expecting me. I’m here to turn you from drab to fab! Which, good news for you,” he paused to give Dean a once over, “won’t be as hard as some of the other cases I’ve had to work with. You’ve got this half-twinkie, half-bad-boy vibe that they’re gonna go nutso for.”
Sam bites his lip, eyes boring into his communicator. “Nothing, man. Called him three times, but nothing.”
Sam tensed up. Dean couldn’t blame him—they never hugged. Not when John died, not when Jess was killed… it just didn’t happen. But, right now, watching his baby brother stare at the parents of his dead girlfriend, hands clenched at his sides, Dean couldn’t think of anything else to do.
“Yep. Not legitimately,” Bobby adds, nudging Dean lightly on the shoulder before moving his hand back to his shot glass. “Far as I know, Azazel never claimed her. But she swore up and down after she won that he was her daddy.”
He wrinkled his nose as he stuffed the sack full. It would make the duck a bitch to clean later, and he knew it, but better a mouthful of moldy old hay than a public whipping for sneaking out of bounds.
He raps his knuckles against the slick wood. “Hey, kid, we got company. Can you come out for a sec?”
The moment passed. The fish dug itself further into the reeds, laying a string of translucent eggs behind it.
Sure enough, the waiting finally got to him. Bobby slumped forward, eyes on the ground, hands just as still as ever at his sides.
There was only one door at this end of the train, so he didn’t have to wander around for long. A tap to the keypad on the left, and he was in. Like the entry door, it slid shut whisper quiet as soon as he was inside.
Other claims about the Earth piqued Castiel’s interest much more. While nearly the whole planet was lush and wild, it apparently contained a secret place set aside from the rest, a garden paradise that God had deigned “Eden”. As of yet, it was empty, if the rumors were to be believed. Considering that said rumors stemmed from angels who had seen even less of the planet than Castiel himself, Castiel wasn’t entirely convinced. He certainly never saw any garden matching that description, and he watched its surface tirelessly.
Dean huffs a single, short breath of laughter and keeps moving. “I know, buddy, no worries. Ain’t my first rodeo.”
isn’t any less ridiculous, but it’s not the stupidest Capital name he’s ever heard. Dude gives a little smirk like he knows exactly what Dean is thinking, and that does nothing so much as put Dean on edge. He doesn’t trust anyone on principal, especially not Capital lackeys, but this guy… Dean can tell he’s something different.
His being, vast and incorporeal, shimmered against the beams and rays that shone from seemingly everywhere at once. His feathers, new and somehow damp, fluttered against the brand new breeze. It was magnificent. It was perfect.
, all amused like Dean’s a fucking toddler who doesn’t realize that tripping off the merry-go-round isn’t a life-or-death situation.
to believe they could be that way without a divine helping hand. They don’t think they’ve earned that goodness with their own blood, sweat, and tears. No, it has to be some kind of undeserved gift from a doting, Heavenly father.
Bile chucks up his throat, but he swallows it down before it can come out. He takes a step away from the girl, refusing to care if the cameras catch it.
Balthazar says nothing. Bobby, Jody, even Tessa, are dead quiet. On the TV, the siren finally stops wailing and a stage fills up the screen. A guy in a sequined black suit, just another Capitol stooge, smiles into the camera as the citizens file in. They’re cleaner than the people in District 9, no motor oil or wheat shavings to be seen, and the courtyard is lit up with high-tech electric wiring instead of ashed-up old lanterns. For the first time since he’s seen the other Districts, though, Dean barely notices.
He heard the note of apology. They both knew damn well that neither Dean nor Bobby would be getting any sleep at all any time soon, on the train or otherwise. It was an 8 hour ride to the Capitol, though, if Dean remembered right—he’d never been himself, but he’d been to Districts 1 and 2, and that was about how long it took to get to both of them. Like Bobby said, he’d be better off trying to spend those 8 hours sleeping than worrying about tomorrow. Or the next day. Or the next month.
“I gotta get this note to somebody. Better to start forming alliances now than wait till we’re in the arena, right?”
it to be a lie. There is no God. There is no greater good. Everything is just random and evil and pointless and there ain’t a damn thing he or anyone else can do to stop it. That’s the only fucking way that his life—any of it, all of it—makes a damn bit of a sense.
Dean can’t tell if that was supposed to be a joke. Castiel’s voice is still at that five-packs-a-day register, and he doesn’t particularly look sarcastic. Dean decides not to find it funny.
With a roll of his shoulders, he elbows Bobby out of the way and takes the second shot for himself. The rum goes down about as smooth as he expected it to, and it takes a little more willpower than he can really afford to muster to keep from coughing it up all over both of them. Still, he does it.
She popped the thread at the top and sifted through the hay, tossing it out onto the floor until she found her prize at the bottom. Dean couldn’t help but smirk—the hares he’d trapped and skinned for her were worth it. Sure enough, she outright
If being touched by that creep hadn’t killed what remained of his semi, this does it just fine. Thank God for small miracles.
The crowd cheers again, and the guy grins at them gratefully. Dean rolls his eyes and pours himself a shot of whiskey. It wouldn’t surprise him if the guy went all Sally Fields on everyone—“You love me, you really love me!”
Finally, once the suspense has been adequately amped up, she plucks out a card from the center and unfolds it. The drone camera closest to the stage scans it, broadcasting it to the big screens the moment Tessa speaks.
It took them just under two minutes to get dressed and out the door. They’d both fallen asleep in their clothes, as usual, so all they needed was jackets and boots. Dean didn’t bother with breakfast—he knew that neither of them would be able to hold anything down.
have a choice about was whether or not to take his sons with him. As they got older, that choice was usually a resounding “No”, but those first few years after Sammy was born, John bit the bullet and let them tag along. After that, it was a lot of Dean staying behind to watch his brother and make sure they didn’t starve while Dad was gone. It was only after Dean proved he could handle a gun that John let him start coming with again, and, even then, it was only when he planned to do some hunting on the side.
Dean stared. Blinked. Stared some more. Castiel tilted his head an inch further, and, finally, Dean snorted. There wasn’t any humor in the noise.
It’s too risky to sneak out past the fence, but, five days later, Dean does it anyway, wading through poison ivy to reach his dad’s old barn. Bobby’s voice comes to him from twelve years ago, his warning—“Ain’t no way they’ll let you have a gun in there, boy”—but he digs out his old pearl-handled pistol all the same. The sound of bullets piercing the air and that old hay-bale-turned-target echoes through the field for the next four hours. If he had it in him, Dean would smile. Just let someone come and catch him—ain’t no way Lucifer’s gonna let anything take him out before the Games. Besides, he could use some live target practice.
Sam mumbled something under his breath. Dean didn’t catch a word of it. All but vibrating, he spun on his heel to face his baby brother, eyebrows knitted together like a damn inchworm.
After three seconds—a new record—Sam finally caves. With a low sigh, he flips his hair and shuffles forward.
His baby brother’s eyes narrowed into slits, his mouth and chin stuck in scowl mode. A small part of him, one that wasn’t worried about tomorrow, wanted to rag him, clock his jaw and say, “Your face’ll get stuck that way.” Instead, he crossed his arms and glared.
There’s a reason he didn’t tell Sam and Bobby why he doesn’t have faith. It ain’t because he wants to be right that there is no God. It’s because there is, but He ain’t on their side. He wouldn’t have singled out Dean, especially at this point, if He was.
Bela gave a cheeky half wave with just her fingers and blew them a kiss. The girl shot her the bird. Dean’s smile got a little more sincere. Like he’d thought when he first watched Bela march up to the stage, he knew he was gonna love her or hate her by the end of this.
Dean doesn’t give the guard a chance to respond. With another exaggerated wink, he snatches his hand back and walks off.
“Dean,” Sam hissed, flopping his hair over his forehead, “you said you weren’t going out there anymore! You said—”
Mr. and Mrs. Moore from the barley farm at the other end of town brought up the rear. No kids, just tearstained napkins and shaking hands. Sam’s eyes followed them like a spectator at a train wreck, desperate to look away and unable to make himself. Their daughter, Jessica, had been in Sam’s grade, a tall, lanky girl with wavy blonde hair and a sweet smile. She was the first real crush Sam had ever had. This would make a year since she’d been pinned to a tree and burned alive, an early casualty of the 37
That lead weight gets heavier. He’s only been topside for a week, and, already, it’s getting to him. Instead of honing those nerves, making him better at noticing the evil he’s been face-to-fucking-face with for 40 goddamn years, it’s made him soft. Compared to Hell, to the rack, Bobby’s feels safe. He should know better than that, though. He should know better than to take that safety for granted.
Dean and Bobby shared another quick glance. Much as he hated it, and much as he wanted to not talk about anything, especially this, Dean had to admit he was impressed. So was Bobby, by the look of things. From what Dean had heard from his dad and the other victors, most kids buckled under the pressure and went quiet once the reaping set in. Bela didn’t give a fuck. And it wasn’t just an act—you didn’t talk about stuff like this the way she did if you were actually scared.
this year. But,” she snorted, with a slight shake of her head, “something else all three of us know is that it won’t be either of you. So strap in for the ride, enjoy what you can, and try not to die too early. It’ll make me look bad. Capisce?”
this once. He hasn’t said out loud, but, in his head, he’s started comparing Cas to that overly helpful cop who actually believes that turning in pot-dealing kids will turn their lives around. Sam is the pot-dealer in this scenario. Because, yeah, if Dean didn’t know his little brother, he’d be pretty creeped out by his new
Behind him, Sam rocks from foot to foot, hands flapping against his pants pockets. In the reflection, Dean can see Jody and Bobby shooting them both nervous glances. Dean grits his teeth and turns from the cabinet.
A metallic glint makes him blink. He rubs his eyes, then looks up to see Tessa stepping onto the stage in front of him. He realizes now that it’s her dress, which he somehow hadn’t noticed earlier. It’s a slip of fabric that should be see-through, but, instead, it kind of reflects everything around her. It’s probably supposed to be a metaphor or something. He’s pretty sure he gets it, but he doesn’t bother wasting his time analyzing.
“Yeah?” Before Dean could do more than nod, Sam lunged, pulling him into a tight, bony little hug. “You’re the best, Dean!”
Bobby’s voice had Bela up and on her knees in an instant, glaring at Dean with exasperation he was pretty sure he hadn’t earned. Ruby, as usual, didn’t notice—she just flipped another page in her magazine. He ignored both of them. Not that it was hard—there was a good selection of 40s on the shelf next to Bobby’s head. Which meant that he
Cas just sits there, silent, watching the kids run around and play in the park. A small, itchy part of Dean’s head—the part that can’t handle silence, even comfortable ones, with anyone who isn’t Sammy—wants to rib the guy. Something like, “Hey, you hiding any candy in that pedo-coat?” Not that Cas would get it. Still, the thought is there. Cas has this damn annoying habit of dropping bombshells like this all the time then acting all serene about it. Being a smartass is the only way Dean’s figured out to pay him back. It doesn’t seem to do half the damage, but at least Dean gets to see an Angel of the Lord’s confused face.
“Yeah, you know.” Dean grimaced, then flopped his hand in a vague gesture toward the spot where Jerome had been standing. “Making out with that guy. Looked real believable.”
He sniffed—loudly, obviously, and that just made him hate himself—then smacked Sam on the chest and pushed himself off.
He’s only done it this way once, and not since his first round with the Games. Even then, though, it was a little simpler. He wanted to get a message
“Not all the districts have two living victors. Hell, some don’t even have any female victors at all.”
The man laughs, a soft, quiet thing that never leaves his throat. “Sounds like a venereal disease, doesn’t it? Blame my mother. If it’s all the same, you can just call me Crowley.”
By the time he had the answer to that question, the rules had changed, and he had slaughtered a fair number of his own siblings by his own hand.
He gives Dean another onceover, just piercing enough that Dean knows he isn’t checking him out, then spins away, following the suit guy through the garden. Whatever fury had kept Dean standing till now gusts out of him like a deflated balloon. All he feels now is empty.
He swears, in this moment, that he will find a way to kill Castiel. Castiel, Lucifer, maybe even God Himself. But Castiel first.
“Dean,” Sam huffed, and—this time—he wouldn’t meet Dean’s eyes, “you know that’s not how the Games work. Everybody dies. Only one person gets out alive. That’s what I meant earlier, and you… you know, we’re going to watch one of you die. You or Jo. Or both.”
"Well, if that's all you had for me, perhaps we can get started on your wardrobe. I was thinking something in -"
Dean snapped toward Bobby’s voice. Just over the old man’s trucker cap, he could make out Bela’s bob disappearing through a different set of doors. Ruby was already gone. It was just the two of them.
“Whatever, you got the info you wanted. Enough business talk. What I wanna know is, when do I get to meet the President?” He threw back the liquor, wincing at the sour taste the new combo made, then poured himself another. “I was hoping I’d get to tell him how much I appreciate his administration in person.”
Castiel narrowed his eyes. That only seemed to make the man squirm more, but not in a way that Castiel found inherently suspicious. He just seemed… uncomfortable? He waited a long moment, eyeing the man from head to toe in search of some clue to his motives, but he gleaned nothing. At least he’d confirmed Castiel’s suspicion that he knew there
The sun was just setting when the ducks flew off over the barn. Four of them flapped together, grey wings stretched wide, but the one in the back straggled. It dipped lower on the horizon, belly just a few yards from the yellowed grass, head bent and –
So Dean can count on one hand all of the allies he has who are still kicking. Considering that one of them is Bobby and he has no idea where the other two are or if they’re even still alive, he considers it even less of an achievement.
Sam steps closer, his fingers held up in front of his pockets, a half-attempt at holding out his hands as if Dean was a wounded animal.
Dean’s brows jumped up under the brim of his hat. “The hell do you know about pay-per-view strippers?”
A noise from the wall behind him made him jump, then cuss himself for falling for what was surely one of their little mind games. But, no, it wasn’t a trap. Not an obvious one, anyway. Apparently, the button that triggered the lasers also turned on the TV.
"Of course, that's not the only brilliant idea our little secret agent had." Dean blinks, crawling back up from the memories, to see Balthazar's legs and arms crossed, eyes narrowed into beady little slits as he no doubt glares down an invisible Cas. "Oh no, he decided that the only thing that could make it better would be to sacrifice himself. Let Luci think he'd won the grand prize, then reveal that it was only him. At least he got that part right, though. I was convinced that they'd kill him on the spot. Apparently, Lucifer is much more petty than I give him credit for."
Also, sorry if the metaphor about hooks in Dean's soul was too heavy-handed. If it wasn't clear before, it should be pretty obvious by now that the Capitol is Hell.
“And that brings our little Sammy down to…” She paused to cap the pen, shooting him another syrupy smile. “Five entries.”
An older brother, magnificent and gentle in a way Castiel was unused to, laid his being across Castiel’s and stayed him in the muck. Like Anna before him, all those eons ago, Castiel knew this brother he’d never met instantly.
“You didn’t. But I ain’t asking.” Dean opens his mouth, but Bobby plows ahead. “I wouldn’t make you go back there if it wasn’t necessary. But we need the support, and you need to beef up your image. You’re not gonna be the youngest out there, or the oldest, and the only things they remember you for are two people they all think are dead. You need the help, Dean.”
All he knows is that he’s seen the whole thing from top to bottom, at least from the distance of the glass elevator, and every hall is exactly the same. Identical polished black floors, matte grey walls, shiny gold ceilings. It’s like art deco gone wrong. He knows from one of Gabe’s frequent rants that it’s all a ploy, that bright colors stand out better against black than they do white, and it’s a “damn waste” because there aren’t any cameras inside the Tributes’ hotel. Outside, sure—gotta make sure the Tributes don’t run off—just none in the halls. But he also knows that it sends a message, one that’s even less subtle than the Capitol’s usual fare—everything is bleak, cause this is where you come to die. And we don’t need cameras, cause we’ve got you right where we want you.
For 1,523,401 years, he was content to merely watch it from afar. He held his watch at the Gates of Heaven, he sang songs about his Father’s greatness, and he communed with the other Seraphs. He did not leave, he did not question.
As for Balthazar, that fucking prick hightailed it without so much as a “bon voyage” or whatever bullshit he’d say. He wouldn’t care so much if Tessa hadn’t let slip that he was sneaking Sam out of District 9 and back to the Bunker. Apparently, he knows exactly where Sam’s little hideout is in the city. Apparently, Cas trusted
“No, Sam!” He growls, then pushes himself up. “Look, I know what you’re gonna say, so save it. I don't want your apologies, I don't want your anything. I’m gettin’ Cas outta this. End of story.”
“Home sweet home,” Ruby muttered, finally setting the magazine to the side. She hopped out of her seat without a look so much as a look at anybody else. “Maybe I can finally get some damn French fries.”
As always, neither of them noticed. The second one put away a few more pairs of tiny scissors and closed her bags.
Dean sipped on his beer. Hell, he might knock her lights out anyway if she kept acting like she was his boss.
“I thought angels were supposed to be guardians. Fluffy wings,” not jet black ones, “halos,” not human hair, “you know, Michael Landon,” not diet Dr. Sexy with no game and a trenchcoat. “Not dicks.”
They haven’t always had a wealth of time to talk to each other, but they don’t just keep their conversations to the nuts-and-bolts, either. Even when one (or both) of them is pissed. Dean usually ends up sharing more about his thoughts or his past or his goddamn feelings than he ever means to and always ends up kicking himself for it after. Cas goes off on weird tangents that Dean sometimes pretends to be annoyed by but usually finds endearing.
The bird was sticky under his fingers, raw and kinda mildewy smelling even without any help from the hay, but Dean still had to force himself not to rip the burlap apart and tear into it. It’d been way too long since he’d had fresh meat. Hell, it’d been way too long since he’d had any meat, period. If not for his rations at the shop—frickin’ oat cakes that he was sure only Sammy actually enjoyed, the freak—he would’ve starved months ago. Not that Sam had to know that.
It ain’t strictly kosher to go snooping around the other Tributes. Back when this whole thing first started, a few too many of the kids from the upper districts tried that as a means to off the competition before the Games began. Since about the fifth go-around, they’ve kept the Tributes segregated to different floors of the same hotel, close enough to give a false sense of unity but far enough apart to keep them from killing each other. In a normal year, one where the Tributes aren’t legacy players, the first time they’ll ever actually see each other is at the Opening Ceremony.
Mouth drawn, Dean rushes the last couple of steps to Bobby and kneels down beside him. He knew the second Bobby hit the deck that the old man wasn’t dead. He doesn’t know
him, he might not have seen it, but did, and he understood. That last shake of his shoulders was nothing but abject terror. He remembered
He wants to feel vindicated. Victorious. All he feels is small and fucking afraid. If this is what it feels like to win, Dean doesn’t want it. Not when the prize is his own damn thoughts, his own damn common sense connecting dots across the grid.
The scribbling stopped. A couple seconds later, a mop of brown hair attached to a string-bean of a boy flounced into the room.
With a carelessness he didn’t feel, Dean smirked and patted his brother on the arm. It felt wrong, between Sam’s barely-dried-up tears and his own thick limbs, but it grounded him all the same.
“Greetings, citizens!” he calls, waving his hands to calm a crowd that isn’t cheering for him. “Thank you, thank you. As you know, our 50
The guy doesn’t answer. Dean leans back against the wall, angling himself to show off the jut of his hipbone and the bulge in his jeans. The guy’s hand doesn’t move from his baton. Finally, Dean allows himself to roll his eyes, but he makes the gesture look fond, amused, instead of fucking irritated as hell and not a little bit worried.
Hobbling, he lurches forward and grips the man tight around the middle. Bobby doesn’t hesitate to crush him right back.
“Mm-hmm.” Dean’s brain is back up and running, over a mile a minute. He knows what Castiel’s gonna say before he ever says it. It doesn’t take away the feeling of being stabbed through the neck. “And not just here. Twenty other Hunters are dead.”
“Listen up, you little prick,” he hisses, “you don’t know a damn thing about what’s going on here. As usual. The world’s a lot bigger than you. Get the fuck off your high horse and try to listen to the big boys for once, got it?”
It happens all at once. It ain't a gradual thing that builds, like Sam's anger or compassion. Fear hits his brother over the head like a frying pan, crashing down around him and leaving him shaky, wide-eyed, and pale. Even in this moment, Dean has an unshakable urge to pull Lucifer in by his collar and plow a bullet through his brain.
He sniffs back the tears, fist clenched. That thing looked him dead in the eye, like that was something that people just
Quiet as he can, he turns the handle and eeks the door open. The movie screen constantly on play behind his eyes flashes every scene he can imagine—a young blonde swinging from a noose, face-down on the carpet with a hole in her head, belly-up in the tub with her wrists slit. He’s almost convinced himself he’s seen all of it for real when his eyes finally settle on a swathe of light hair across the pillows. She’s turned away from the door, but he can tell from here that she’s breathing. Her chest’s still moving. She’s still alive.
It’s been a long time since this damn hotel awed him, if it ever awed him at all. Most things related to the Games he remembers with a vivid accuracy he wishes would fade the hell away. His thoughts of the hotel aren’t on that list.
He shivered, looking askance at his siblings. Many flitted in and out of being, some for mere moments, some for what Castiel knew must have been eons. Perhaps they, too, had felt a calling, a purpose, and had vanished to go fulfill it. As for himself, he knew his duty, but not his mission. He would wait until he received direct orders.
They’re just waiting on Cas and Gabe now. They should’ve come in with Tessa, but they apparently missed the train, and who the fuck knows when they’ll be able to book another. Dean huffs, the laugh buried beneath it heavy and bitter. This is the first time Cas has actually been late for something, but it’s not the first time that he’s left Dean disappointed. He doesn’t expect it to be the last, either.
Dean tried to swallow, but his throat wouldn’t work. No. No, this was just a dream, another one of those fucking nightmares. Any second now, a swarm of unicorn pink tracker-jackers would flood the town square, honed in him like a magnet, then John would rise from the grave and start shouting about how Dean had failed him. Just like any other night. He’d wake up, and it’d all be over. This was just a nightmare.
Dean blinks at the sudden change of light, stomach churning, when another pair of hands yanks him forward.
“You go on and get settled, okay? Keep with the Moores, don’t wander off. I’ll catch up in a minute.”
Dean cocked his head forward. This guy talked a mile a minute, and, yeah, Dean didn’t particularly care what he was saying, but he at least wanted the luxury of understanding the dude he was purposely ignoring.
Thankfully or not, Bela didn’t seem to have the same reservations. She spun the fake pistol out of her belt and tossed it in Trixie’s direction. He caught it without looking.
He waits for another smartass answer. Or maybe the name of some creature Dean ain’t ever heard of. He mentally runs through every page of Dad’s journal he can remember and wishes he hadn’t left the damn thing with Sam.
The guard’s posture stiffens back up, his hand halfway unsheathing the baton. “No Tributes on the stairs,” he repeats.
Without pause, Castiel pushed away his desire to watch their Father, to bathe in the glory of His work. He had been waiting for orders. This, framed as a question or not, must be that.
The crowd shifted. A boy, scrawny and scraggly with girly brown hair, worked his way past the people up front. He looked so small. So, so fucking small. The screen switched from the paper to his face, solemn and surprised in a way that no fourteen-year-old should ever have looked. Especially not Sam. Especially not Sammy. Dean was supposed to keep him safe. He was supposed to…
“And there are other battles, other seals. Some we’ll win, some we’ll lose. This one we lost. Our numbers are not unlimited. Six of my brothers died in the field this week. You think the armies of Heaven should just follow you around? There’s a bigger picture here.”
“Good.” Sammy put on a small, entirely fake grin and sidled up to the burlap sack on the floor. “So, what’d you bag us for supper?”
Still, when he holds out his hand, Dean shakes it. Ignores the way it makes his skin crawl, the way Crowley’s hand lingers a little too long. He notices that, unlike with Gabe, Crowley doesn’t brush off his hand this time.
The old man’s eyes rove over him from head to toe, even as he pours a shot of scotch into each of the two glasses between them on the bar. Unlike the guard, it makes him feel worried, not itchy and too hot. But that reminder is all Dean needs to remember what he’s wearing.
“And no shit you didn’t know about it, Sherlock. That ain’t the kinda thing they broadcast to the masses. Gotta wait for the Games to start before you see the full lineup.”
He’ll be damned if he admits it, even to himself, but he’d give almost anything to get that kid back.
“Okay, so we’ve got Dragon Master. What about her?” He squints at the girl—woman? —his body leaning toward the monitor. “I think… do I know her?”
, he does, to… to focus, or something. Something fucking useful. But all he can do is slump forward, body shaking and cold even with the summer heat and his leather jacket. His eyes, his nose, burn like he’s inhaled smoke, and all he wants to do is slap himself. He hates crying.
Whatever he’d wanted to say choked in his throat. Before Sam could do anything, like move, he surged forward and pulled him into a hug.
He twists at the waist then clasps his hands and reaches up. The stretch bares an even wider strip of skin around his midriff. The guard looks less than impressed. Dean starts to sweat.
A much-too-short eight hours later, the limo slows to a stop in front of an ivory mansion with a cast iron gate and a bunch of those damn Harry Potter maze shrubs. Dean pulls at his collar for what has to be the tenth time since he stuffed himself into this monkey suit, but he doesn’t pull his tie loose. He made peace with it in the train car—he’s gonna be on his best behavior tonight. For Emma. For Bobby.
. That’ll cost them in the Games, as we all learned from the debacle with District 4 last year. But District 9
they could, because the food was more delicious than anything they’d ever eaten, because this one indulgence was one of the only ones they really got to have. They just did it because it was the “in” thing to do.
The crowd of women shifts. Near the front, where all the kids are grouped in their Sunday best, a thin blonde stands to her feet. She isn’t on the lower end of the spectrum, which is a stupid thing to be thankful for but still. She isn’t an adult, though. That much is clear from her babyface and gangly limbs. He’d put her at eighteen.
Dean blinks and turns his eyes back on the screen. Sam and Bobby both nod at his sides—one more candidate for Dean’s potential pool of allies.
Sam choked himself awake, flailing so hard on the bed that he almost threw himself off. Dean snorted, then picked himself the rest of the way off the floor. Sam had barely opened his mouth, no doubt to cuss his older brother out, when the sirens started in. Dean’s timing had been perfect as always, it seemed.
Dean’s fist flies. His little brother’s head cracks back and slams into the wall. A long moment passes, the ancient clock ticking on the wall behind them, before Sam tilts his face forward again. A trickle of blood works its way down from his mouth where Dean must’ve caught his teeth. He lifts his thumb to wipe it off. Dean says nothing. Regret doesn’t come as easy as it used to.
The first barked an unfunny laugh. “I certainly don’t envy that position. How do you dress a corncob?”
“Who went all Hannibal Lector on his competition?” Bobby laughs without a trace of humor. “Yep, that’d be him. Richard Roman. Dick. He’s made something of a name for himself with a chain of fine-dining restaurants in the Capitol, but, God, you don’t wanna know what’s on the menu. And the woman, Eve, she’s his former mentor. You can bet those two are gonna be thick as thieves till it comes time for one of ‘em to take a dirt nap.”
“Look, I’m gonna be blunt,” he continued, pushing Dean gently back onto his cot. “You guys, and 11, and 12—nobody gives a fuck. Nobody in the Capital, nobody in the other Districts—
He keeps up the show all the way back to the door of his and Emma’s suite. There aren’t any cameras in the halls or the rooms—and that’s not just wishful thinking, Dean
Inside his head, he raised the glass to himself in a little toast to his own sense of humor. The second shot actually burned worse than the first. Dean almost smiled—finally, a liquor that did what it was supposed to do.
His eyes flutter open. He’s not sure why, at first. Doesn’t even remember making the decision to stop trying to sleep. He squints, cursing Bobby and that damn floodlight he keeps over the kitchen window, and rolls over to see a trenchcoat by the sink.
Dean didn’t answer. Wordless, he slammed the second burlap sack onto her desk. She smiled at him, her eyes glinting red in the sunlight.
Dean was pretty sure that he and Bobby were prepared for anything when they walked into this barn in middle-of-nowhere, Illinois. Vampires, aliens, Hellboy, the freaking Joker—Bobby apparently had a sigil for all of it. Just one look at the walls (and ceiling, and floor) of the place is a testament to that. And that isn’t even counting the arsenal of iron stakes, silver knives, and salt-rounds they’d dragged out of the truck. Not that Dean was some slouch. He had three guns. He had Ruby’s knife. He had his plucky, can-do attitude. They could handle this, even without Sam.
Sam isn’t wired that way. All he does is purse his mouth and look away. Behind him, Tessa stands up and follows after Balthazar.
The other one rolled her eyes, which just made Dean cross his arms tighter. “Charming my ass,” he mumbled, “my freckles are sexy as fuck.”
A tiny screen pops up over Metatron’s shoulder and grows until it takes up half the TV. Dean’s spine stiffens as image after image parades across the number “25” blazing in the background. A little girl bashes in a boy’s skull. Teenage twins laugh as they fire arrows into a different girl’s chest. A tall eighteen-year-old with black hair and a bloody flannel over-shirt lifts his blade and drives it through the final tribute’s neck. He turns and looks up at the sky, glaring at it with bared teeth. He’s thinner than Dean’s ever seen him, and his hair is more black than grey, but Dean would know that face, that expression, anywhere. By the way that Sam inhales sharply to his right, he does, too. John Winchester isn’t a man easily forgotten.
Before either of them could say anything, his white-gloved hand clicked the door back into place. Dean’s mouth tightened, but so did his arms around his little brother. He felt his shoulder getting wet.
And, lucky or not, it didn’t seem like Sam would be looking for it anyway. His eyes, wet and glassy, had narrowed down to tiny hazel slivers, all fire and rage.
Dean had seen a lot. A lot more than most District kids, that was for damn sure. The leftover swamps of centuries gone by in District 8. Snowcaps in District 7. The edge of the ocean in District 4. Hell, he’d practically raised himself on the plains of District 9 the last few years.
again. “That was my mistake. Certain people—special people—can perceive my true visage. I thought you would be one of them. I was wrong.”
He thumbed the phone in his pocket. To his relief, though, Jerome shook his head, an attempt at a smile on his lips.
“I’m not convinced.” Castiel opens its mouth, undoubtedly about to issue some more school marm shit like Dean’s an ignorant child, but he ain’t having that. “Cause if there’s a God, what the hell is He waiting for, huh? Genocide? Monsters roaming the Earth? The freaking apocalypse? At what point does He lift a damn finger and help the poor bastards that are stuck down here?”
“Alright, then, Einstein.” Dean crossed his arms tight over his chest. “If they’re still around, then why haven’t they stopped this?”
He hadn’t been alive before the war, so it wasn’t like he knew how it compared to the world as he knew it. The pictures in their schoolbooks looked a little greener, a little less burnt out and dead, but that was the only big difference he could tell. It was still nature. There was still something of the Earth in it, bombed and blasted as it was.
Beside him, Emma is standing stock still, spine stiff. He nudges her in the side, and, when that doesn’t work, lets his eyes wander to the only thing about these fucking parties he likes: free bar and buffet. With a grunt, he steers her away from the crowd of suits and fancy dresses to shove her at a cart decked high in tequila and schnapps. He grabs the nearest bottle, not bothering to look at what it is, and shoves it in Emma’s hand. She blinks, then looks down, a wrinkle between her pretty blonde brows. It almost makes Dean smile.
“No. These things are new. Ain’t seen one up close yet, but they leave pawprints like dogs. I’ve heard some of the guards call ‘em Hell Hounds.”
The blonde waited half a second, just long enough for Bela to take her place onstage and strike a pose—a snooty little wrinkle of her nose and crossed arms—then turned to the other bowl of names. All the lightness in Dean’s body was crushed like an anvil. Just a few dozen yards away were forty-three slips with his name, and five with Sammy’s. All this stupid bitch had to do was grab the wrong one.
Dean held back his cursing, barely, and gripped the edge of the chariot tighter. It’d be just perfect if he fell out of the thing on his ass.
. Dean has to catch himself from laughing. What a stupid word for these fucking narcs to call each other. Still, he uses that black humor to his advantage, letting it creep into a sly smile.
Dean licks his lips again for good measure, then turns away. Before he can make it more than two steps, a meaty hand latches onto his wrist, forcing him still. His pulse ratchets up, expecting the cold metal of a baton or a gun to follow.
The small part of his brain that used to carry hope around is long dead by now, but the part next to it that reminds him to be charitable every so often blares the thought, “Thank God for Sammy.” Unlike Dean, his genius little brother has at least some sense of… well, sense. The moment the TV screen went blank, he was on his communicator with all of their necessary contacts. Bobby and Jody are already here, both nursing their own glasses and giving him a much appreciated wide berth. More than anybody else in his life, they know exactly what he’s going through right now. Odds are, one of them is getting Reaped, too. They just have to keep their fingers crossed that it won’t be both of them.
Sam shook his head against Dean’s neck. The blood in his mouth wasn’t enough to keep his hand from shaking as he pulled it through his little brother’s ragged mop of hair.
Grimacing at himself, he picks up the glass and downs it straight. It tastes like Christmas and burns like Listerine, but it’s better than nothing.
Dean sees red. In the shadows of the floodlight, he sees Meg. Ronald. Henrikson. Ash. Mom. Dad. Sam. Every single person he’s failed to save. Every single person he’s ever watched die. He sees it in the shadow of the floodlights, and not at all in the blacks of Castiel’s eyes. Not like he sees it in his own when he works up the nerve to look in the mirror.
Dean didn’t linger to see if Bobby had anything else to say. If he did, it wasn’t something Dean wanted or needed to hear right now. He gave him the closest thing to a thankful smile he could manage at the moment and high-tailed it the hell out of dodge.
Bobby clicks the remote and glides past the next four screens. Dean is familiar enough with all of them— Irv Franklin and Tracy Bell from 7, Annie and Caleb from 6, Josephine Barnes and some dude named Pete from 5, and Olivia Lowry and Frank Devereaux from 4. They’re all potential candidates, too, but Dean can’t say that he remembers much about any of them talent-wise. Tracy Bell’s thing is seduction—lure another Tribute into a quiet part of the arena, then, once their pants are down, stab ‘em where it hurts. Frank Devereaux is a paranoid nutcase who won by shooting at anything that moved. From what Dean’s heard, he’s only gotten worse since he won. Then again, the fact that all of the victors didn’t end up paranoid nutcases is a miracle, so Dean gives the guy a pass.
There wasn’t any kickback, but the sparks were bright enough to almost make Dean flinch. He thought he did a good show of covering it, though. So did Bela. If she’d been shocked at all, she didn’t show it. Much as it annoyed him, he was a little impressed by that.
Dean glances once more at the now-empty park bench, a goofy little smirk lifting one side of his face. Dick or not, if Dean had to get saddled with an ally, he’s glad that it’s one with superpowers.
The camera whirled around and landed on him. A bright light throbbed somewhere just below it, but he didn’t blink. He stared at the guard, then up at the bitch.
The evening had started normally enough. He’d been assisting Hannah in tracking down their missing brethren when he’d gotten the call from Dean. Three missing persons suddenly turned up in Belmont, Oklahoma, and neither he nor Sam knew what to make of it. Possession was their first assumption, but none of the victims remembered anything of the past year of their lives. That didn’t fit the modus operandi of either angels or demons. Castiel said as much, not-so-subtly reminding his friend of the mission he’d taken on, but, as usual, Dean steamrolled right over him. For one, he said, if this was a monster that he and Sam couldn’t identify, then odds were that it might be ancient and/or dangerous enough to warrant a helping hand. For another, they couldn’t rule out angelic possession (Sam had spent the better part of four months possessed by Gadreel without ever knowing it, a fact that Dean reminded him of very quietly across the phone), and if angels
For all intents and purposes, the guy attached to the coif ain’t nothing special. He’s shorter than Dean, but not dwarfish, too portly to fit in with most of the crowd but not exactly fat. Just normal. At least, until he sees his eyes.
“Shame. Figured he’d at least wanna check out his hand-picked special children.” Dean put a hand to his heart, not bothering to wipe off the too wry, too bored look that belayed in actual offence. “I’m hurt.”
involved, then it would be in Cas’s best interest to help out. Besides, Cas planned on hitting Wyoming next, and Belmont was on the way. They’d be “killing three birds with one stone”, as he put it. It would be more difficult for Cas to refuse than to accept.
“Just… fuck off, alright? He sweeps his hand through his hair. “There’re rooms upstairs. Pick one, and stay there. Make me a fucking tutu, I don't give a shit.”
He skids down the steps, his boots doing nothing against the ice. The sky is fucking black—no stars, no moon, nothing. Snow covers everything. Dean doesn’t see any of it. He sees a red sky and fields of wheat. He sees twelve goddamn years ago. And it’s like nothing has changed.
“Yep, nice bone structure. We can work with that,” he mumbled. “I gotta admit, though, I don’t know too much about your neck of the woods. You people are farmers, right?”
Castiel doesn’t miss a beat, it seems, and Dean wishes he could say the same for himself. That he could have realized this was a trick right from the get-go. If there is a God, possession’s gotta be one of the worst sins out there. The soul version of rape. And God's got his angels out here doing it now. That this thing almost had him convinced to trust some…
is an angel, then that means it has the power to raze hell. To destroy demons. And that means it could have gotten Azazel. It could have stopped Meg. Alistair. It could have saved their mom. It could have saved Sam. It could have stopped Dean from going to hell. And what did it do instead? It blinded poor Pamela. It wrecked a hotel room like some Hollywood A-lister on a bender. It destroyed a gas station and Dean’s eardrums.
The rock rolls away. He remembers Caleb and Annie, the first an old hunting buddy of dad’s, the second just a year younger than Sammy. Nice people, even after they were reaped. He’s not looking forward to seeing them dead. By his hand or anyone else’s.
Sam nodded just as earnestly as he had every year for ten years when Dean asked if he still believed in the Easter Bunny. “
Crowley gives a long-suffering sigh and pulls himself up to full height, straightening his coat in the process.
Trixie wasn’t smiling anymore. Not even a little. He looked fucking murderous. Dean tried to swallow, but the stylist’s hand clutched too tight.
“I ain’t exactly interested in rubbing elbows, Bobby. Figured that’s something I didn’t need to say.”
He draws the motion out, makes it longer than it has any right to be. Just a slip of his hand into his pocket, but he makes it a full-on striptease, touching his bare skin and pushing his jeans just a little bit lower. Once he’s sure the guy isn’t gonna jump, he pulls out the note. He holds it between two fingers, passes it in front of his lips like a cigarette as he ambles toward the guard. The guy’s body doesn’t move, and his shades give nothing away, but Dean can tell by the twitch at his temples that his eyes are following. A lingering glance down the guy’s front shows off a bulge that definitely wasn’t there a minute ago.
be preparing for his inevitable Reaping. There’s only one living victor in District 9, and he’s it. It’s not like he isn’t aware, like that isn’t the single fucking thought running through his head, the reason that half of his liquor cabinet is empty. He knows. It’s just… he can’t. He
Dean tried to shake him again, get him to answer his damn questions, but Sam slapped his hands away. Dean actually had to take a step back. He didn’t know if he should be proud, or worried, or angry.
Bobby huffs, unamused. “Slow your roll, boy. You ain’t exactly my type, neither. It’s for a party we’re goin’ to.”
Bela was less than impressed. With a roll of her eyes, she jerked her head toward the chariot and sauntered off, obviously expecting him to follow. He gave himself another cursory glance, then did as she wanted. Not because he wanted to appease her, but because even he could read the signs. Chariots out? Music on? Drone cameras whirring? It was almost showtime. The fact that the other Tributes had started gathering near their own chariots only confirmed the fact.
It’s close to midnight, one week exactly before the Games begin. He hasn’t seen Balthazar since they got here, and while he’s largely thankful to be away from that prick, he’s more pissed off about it than anything. If anybody could get a message to Cas right now, Dean bets it would be him. He’s probably chumming it up with the nerdy little son of a bitch right now. Gabe, too.
Trixie marched closer, swinging his arms wildly. “Hey hey, stop that! We haven’t even gotten started yet!”
, wingtip shoes with a heel to push him over that 5-foot-8 threshold, leant over a party table to talk to some dark supermodel at least twice his height.
He looks to his left, just to make sure Emma’s still there. She is, and, better still, Tessa’s wandered over to watch her. There’s a solid wall of people between them, but she’s still in Tessa’s line of sight, and that’s enough.
Some, but not all, of the tension in Castiel’s grace ebbed away. This could be a test, a trap of some sort, but Castiel could not think what its purpose could be. He hadn’t done anything wrong. And he couldn’t help from trusting his older brother. For all that neither of them had any true reason to visit the Earth—not one that Castiel could conceive, anyway—Joshua seemed honest.
“Yeah, he’s a real swell guy. But, then, you know I’m a little biased. Love getting to know about all your friends.”
Behind him, Balthazar gives another of those long-suffering sighs. Dean spins around, ready to smack more than just air out of the guy’s mouth, but his face stops him dead. He still looks like a smarmy little dick, yeah, but that isn’t smugness or indifference in his eyes. That’s fear. Sadness.
“I did.” Sam looks every bit as confused as him, a thick line drawn between his eyebrows. “I don’t know what’s going on.”
Dean snorted. They weren’t bothering to be quiet, and it bit them in the ass—the Tributes from 8 turned in their chariot, eyes like daggers as they stared at him and Bela. The effect was somewhat ruined by the purple, gold, and fluorescent orange strings hanging off them.
“But Emma’s comin’, too. Soon as we stop, get Tessa on the case to get her some kinda dress. I ain’t gonna be the only dancing bear.”
They keep a solid two feet of space between them all the way down the hall. They’ve passed the sixth totally friggin’ useless spare bedroom when Sam grunts, herding him into the room on the left.
But, then, he blinked. He blinked, and looked down at his baby brother. Sam, exactly fourteen-years-old that day, thin and gangly and uncoordinated. He could hold his own in a fight, John and Dean had both made sure of that, but he wasn’t hard. He wasn’t a killer. He didn’t have it in him. He was just a scared little boy, afraid of losing and angry at all the wrong things.
Much as it fascinated him, he never abandoned his duties to watch. He only knew Creation from a distance, the awe-filled murmurings of his brethren who had been lucky enough to see the universe take place with their own eyes. His purpose, his only reason for existence, was to stay to the halls of Heaven, singing his Father’s praises and protecting its outer reaches from unknown threats.
But six days isn’t long at all. Not outside the Arena. He’s barely worked himself into a proper hangover, much less a proper rage, and the latter means a hell of a lot more to his survival than the fact that he should have spent the last week preparing himself to kill again.
By the time he finally managed to unstick his feet from the pavement of the alley and return to the parking lot, the Impala was already long gone. He knew it was pointless, but he looked up the road all the same. There was no trace of Dean, Sam, or their car.
Dean’s spine stiffens, his nails bite into his palms. He wants to laugh in its face. He wants to tell it that it’s fucking naïve if it believes in “good things”. Especially if it believes that they exist in Dean’s world.
Castiel’s voice sends a shiver down his spine. Dean’s eyes narrow, and he uses it to his advantage. He looks pissed, and he knows it. Hopefully, that means he doesn’t look like he’s scared shitless (or irritated that, after everything he’s seen, something still
Dean jerked his head toward the corner, the pulse in his jaw ticking. Ruby hadn’t even had the good grace to look up from her magazine, but, apparently, they’d finally gotten to a conversation topic she considered worthy of her attention. Maybe Dean would take them both out.
like slime on his skin. But he could worry about paying the dude back after Reaping Day was over. Right now, he had bigger fish to fry.
Sam drones off. Dean’s thankful for it—at least, as thankful as he can be about anything right now. He doesn’t need to know that he’s got a snowball’s chance in Hell of dragging Cas out with him. That doesn’t mean he won’t do it, though. One way or another.
Steeling himself, he flew to the precipice of the Earth’s surface, where land gave way to sand and salt and water. No great chasm had sprung up along the edge. The storm across the sea was continuous but not unnatural. But, still, there was movement. A change in the wind.
Her hands shake when she reaches the middle aisle, but she steels it up and holds her head high as she walks to the stage. He doubts that even the cameras noticed it, and they’re hovering around her like bees. He just knows what to look for. And now, he looks and sees that her eyes are too dry, and the set of her mouth is forced.
A barely-there touch to Dean’s back had him following the guy back to the cot. He had no fucking idea what to make of this stylist, but he was 99% sure of two things at this juncture: 1) he was batshit crazy, and 2) he was telling the truth.
Not a damn sound filled the town square. The camera clicked off. The drone dropped to the dirt. The screen went blank.
“Maybe,” he started, small and hoarse, “maybe somebody will stop it? Before you have to kill anybody?”
That sobers the old coot up a bit—even after all these years, he finds his knowledge of Dean’s extracurricular activities less than amusing—but just a bit. Regardless of why, Dean is still painted up like a mail-order male hooker, and he knows it. That was kinda the point, after all.
here instead of just a picture. The wish is enough to bring him back to his senses, though, and he snaps his gaze back to Bobby.
The limo doors swing open automatically, beeping quietly as if that’s a more polite way of telling them to get the fuck out. Dean counts to five to keep from rolling his eyes and throws himself out instead, careful not to catch his suit on anything. He catches a glimpse of himself in the shiny white side of the car as Bobby, Emma, and Tessa slide out behind him. Like his outfit for the Reaping, he’s gotta admit that Balthazar didn’t do a bad job. And at least he didn’t go with green again. No, this time, he’s in a
He wanted to frown, he did, but Dean had caught on well enough now to keep his own 60-watt smile plastered on. He immediately understood what had happened. Unlike him, Bela was listening. Strategizing. She knew that the District 8 kids’ arguing was gonna cost them points, and she didn’t want to suffer the same fate. Whether they kept it up in the Games themselves didn’t matter—after a point, the only thing that would keep them alive in there was a gift from the right sponsor. Dean and Bela playing nice for the camera, giving them all a tease of “are they/aren’t they”, would guarantee they’d get it.
“How the hell is this even possible? Cas isn’t from District 3. As far as anybody knows, he’s not from anywhere. He doesn’t have a paper trail—I know, I’ve looked.”
Before Crowley can say anything, Dean leans back, casual as can be, and continues, “Course, it could’ve been too much fun. Risk of being the Gamesmaster and all that.”
“To the first question, somewhere outside the Capitol. Used to be Wyoming. Don’t know if they taught you much geography in school, but it ain’t changed much since the war. Looks like a ghost town. Not a lot in the way of traditional coverage or camouflage.”
Billions of years later, it would occur to him that he was dissatisfied. As dissatisfied as any being incapable of feeling could be, anyway. Had anyone asked him at the time what he’d rather have been doing, he certainly wouldn’t have had a response. The concept of preference—of anything, really, outside of duty—was as foreign to him as applied calculus to a fire ant. What use had he of choice?
Dean turned on his heel. Sure enough, the midgety little Stylist was marching their way. With his maroon vest and shiny pants, he looked just as weird as always, maybe even worse stood across from Ruby in her designer gown and Bobby in his lumberjack chic. Dean still hadn’t made up his mind, even after the fireworks display outside, but he couldn’t help wrinkling his nose—he hadn’t even heard the guy walk in.
Dean held his breath, closed his eyes, and pictured the woman who ran the entries in District 9. The dude who ran the factory he worked at. Every fucking guard he’d ever had to lay down and take it from. The flirty smile that followed came all too easy to him. He could do this. This ride was just another bribe. He wasn’t playing a spectator’s sport, he was playing a whole crowd of johns who had his winning ticket. He knew how to do this. This was second nature.
But Castiel stands, his arms barely outstretched, and the room inside the barn crackles like thunder. A bright light fills everything. It shines up Castiel’s eyes, a deep unnatural blue, and then—
sorry about Cas. If I'd known what he was planning... Look, all I was trying to say is, you and I both know how the Games work. I don’t like it any more than you do, but… Dean, you
For a long second, Dean didn’t say anything. He just blinked. Then he caught a glint from the guy’s eyes —fuckin’
Past the metal walls, the last call siren went off. Dean’s blood ran cold, that jittery funk in his stomach curdling all over again. Bobby clapped him on the shoulder and handed him his flask. There was enough at the bottom for half a good swig, but Dean downed it all the same. He could always count on Bobby. Always.
at, directly, to be seen. Everything, in fact, was like that. Nothing on this planet existed as it did in Heaven. It was so much to take in. It was all so…
“I warned her not to spy on my true form.” Castiel looks down, shaking its head and frowning. It looks… it looks almost
“No one?” Bela took the whiskey Bobby had stolen from Dean and threw back a shot of her own, straight from the bottle. She didn’t so much as blink. Dean bit down on his lip to keep himself from grinning. “Really?”
Bela Talbot, hair swinging and nose wrinkled, hips swaying as she strode up the steps of the train platform. She looked every bit as bored as she had on stage.
But Bobby’s finally turned his eyes to stare at him, and Dean… he can’t. For as long as Dean’s known him, Bobby’s looked just a few shots off from being totally dead inside. Every time Sam or Dean’s been put on the chopping block, he’s looked like someone pushed him off a cliff. Dean doesn’t know how to label the look in Bobby’s eyes right now. Not in a way that makes sense. Bobby’s gotta have close to twenty years on him, and Dean’s sense of hope died a long fucking time ago. There’s no way Bobby’s still got his.
His blood boils. Dean takes a deep breath, sets his plate on the buffet, and hikes up his sleeves. He’s walking over, fists clenched, before he even realizes it.
Sam and Bobby share a look, both of them a second away from saying something, but Dean stomps off before they can. He takes a quick pitstop into his room, shucking off the blanket and his muscle shirt in exchange for a flannel, then crosses the hall to Emma’s door. There isn’t any noise inside.
that’s sliced all the way down to his belly-button. Dude hasn’t said a word, but Dean can already tell that he’ll want to punch him in the face as soon as he does.
To her credit, Bela didn’t even roll her eyes at him. Neither did Bobby. The old man took another drink, then set his flask back down.
He doesn’t sign his name or initials. Cas’ll know it’s him. Cas’ll know what it means. He knows just as well as Dean does that that’s the only damn spot in this hotel that isn’t flanked with guards—just one at each elevator and each door. Nobody roaming the stairs themselves. It’s not like they haven’t used it to meet up before.
Dean ignores the barb for right now, but he files it away so he can sock the guy in the jaw later. “Yeah, whatever. What the hell are he and Gabe doing in District 3? And why’d they send you?”
Dean recognizes the lack of a question, but he’s too tired to bitch about it. Small potatoes to be bitching about today, anyway. Instead, he elbows Sam off—gently, this time, more of an “I got this” than a complaint—and marches up to the strobe-lit mirror in the center of the room. Tessa’s face stares back him in the reflection, only visible now that he’s at the right angle. She’s half hidden in a corner behind Sam where they hadn’t seen her. She smiles with half of her mouth and neither of her eyes, then gives him a little wave. It isn’t even remotely a relief, but he almost appreciates it all the same.
Dean looks back to the screen. The woman is quite a bit younger, buxom, sleek, and decked head-to-toe in black leather. Dean wonders if the guy who rigged the Reaping this year has a thing for redheads, cause this chick makes three. Before he can start wondering if he himself has a thing for redheads, too, he shakes his head and goes back to focusing on the competition.
“Well, you will certainly be making this year interesting for me, Dean. Hope you keep that austere wit about you in the arena.”
The music shuts off, and the whole crowd is silent. Balthazar stands next to the guards in the front row. It’s only him on stage.
He slams his head back against the velvet couch. It ain’t much, but at least he’s alone. At least he don’t have to entertain for a few more hours. He can just… be. Whatever that fucking means right now.
Emma doesn’t jump, but Dean does. He gives her a final glance before making his decision. He’s just letting her get some rest, he tells himself. He’s not given up on her. He just wants her to get a good night’s sleep before they hit the televised portion of events.
He didn’t stick around to see the bitch face Sammy was no doubt shooting at him. Careful of the funeral procession—and that’s really all the crowd was, Capitol be damned—he wound his way over to the grain dispensary on the other side of the road. A single guard stood watch outside, gun at the ready. Dean shot him a look, lips parted and eyes wide, and the man just looked the other way. Inside, Dean swallowed the bile and thanked God that the guard’s mask hid the stupid little smirk Dean could
The old grouch lifts his arms, as if asking Dean who the hell else it could be. That’s enough to convince Dean he’s not dreaming. This gesture is just too real.
“Fortunately, our beloved President had the foresight to issue a new decree.” With a smirk, he pulls out paper from his pocket and rolls it out on the stand in front of him. “‘For our Second Quarter Quell, our 50
The pearl handle glinted in his fist before he stuffed it into the back of his pants. Strictly speaking, he shouldn’t have had this. The guards—“peacekeepers”, they called themselves, but Dean thought that was a stupid fucking name, and he refused to even think it on principle—would kill him if they ever caught him with it. Course, strictly speaking, he shouldn’t be out past the fence, either. They’d be just as likely to kill him for that, too.
He gestures off stage, and another suit rolls in a glass dome filled to the top with slips of paper. The comm falls silent, then,
“Dean…” His little brother wipes off the rest of the blood and sighs. “I deserved that. I’m sorry. I didn’t mean it that way, I swear. I know you still… that you blame yourself…”
“I’ve also heard a few rumors that he is—or used to be—addicted to something,” Bobby continues. “Couldn’t find any evidence to prove it, though. But that’s still more than I know about Charlie over here. All I could find on her is that she won on a complete fluke—hid in a cave for her whole Games ‘til all the rest of the Tributes offed each other. Since then, she’s been designing security systems for the big-name warehouses throughout the country. Supposed to be some kind of tech wizard.”
Apparently, his death glare had gotten stiff, or Bela didn’t give a fuck about that either. Whatever the reason, she leaned toward him over the bar and eyed him up and down like cattle. His fingers clenched against the wood.
Dean’s face did a very odd thing. It folded in on itself a bit, almost in relief, but his eyes were still narrowed. He looked angry, to be certain, but Castiel sensed an air of panic, too. The speed of his next sentence only added to that theory.
for you. What you did for long, tall, and lanky yesterday? I ain’t ever seen anyone do that before. Color me impressed. But don’t take it for granted.”
“Anyway,” Bobby interrupts, thank fuck, “same deal as before you won. They don’t have no other Victors from 9, so they sent little ol’ me. You’re welcome. Not like anyone else is gonna have a chance keepin’ your self-sacrificing ass alive.”
Bela swatted her hands at him. “No, you imbecile, our game plan! He,” she gestured at Bobby, “said we should all be involved in the conversation. We’ve been waiting for you to wake up.”
Regarding Plan A: Nuke the Whole City, though, he isn’t cutting Cas any kind of break. Jedi reverse psychology aside, he and Urinal Cake were still ready and willing to blow the place apart, all of these kids included, if Dean gave them the signal. Cas wouldn’t have liked it—or, at least, he said he wouldn’t—but that wouldn’t have stopped him. There’s no justification for that.
And Castiel notices. He hears him. “What’s the matter?” And then its eyes go wide. Mournful. Like it’s cracked the code, the case, the whole shebang. It looks into Dean’s eyes and Dean feels it down his soul, the thing he only knows he has because of all the torture it went through the last forty years. It looks at Dean’s soul, and it
Bobby is still out cold a few feet away. The lightbulbs—what’s left of them—are still flickering. And this…
bullshit and demon girlfriend, too. He doesn’t have to be told that it doesn’t look good. For an angel, it has to be like meeting someone who’s dabbling in Nazism or some shit.
He stared deep into Dean’s eyes, almost scanning him, it felt like. Dean wasn’t sure what expression he was giving back, apart from choked, but, whatever he’d done, it must’ve worked. Trixie gave a little click of his tongue, then both his hands released Dean’s body.
It’s all a dull beat in the back of his brain when Sam’s giant ape hands slap him awake and haul him off the couch.
Sorry for the ridiculous wait, guys. I don't know how many of you are actually following this story (if anyone is), but I've been terrifyingly busy since about March. Here's hoping that I'll have enough time from now through the end of the year to get some more writing done. And, as always, please feel free to leave me feedback.
He stays in just long enough to wake up, more because of Sam’s insistence than any actual sense of urgency. If he had his way about it, he’d stay until the water turned cold, and that’s a long ass time in this house. The water heater is probably the size of the bedroom he had as a kid.
"Sam's in no more danger than he is on a regular basis. Cassie and Gabe smuggled him out well before the Capitol drones could swarm in, so I doubt they know where he is. I said that anyone with half a brain would assume he'd come here, but Cassie insisted that Lucifer would never assume that either of you could be stupid enough to risk that."
Four days later, Dean finally leaves his room. It isn’t a victory. He floats through the house like the ghost of John Winchester, drinking when he can and staying the hell away from Sam, Tessa, and Balthazar when he can’t. By the end of the night, the liquor cabinet is empty.
good thing about all of this.” Sam laughs humorlessly, more like a single, aborted cough. “Well, if you can call it ‘good’.”
Silence echoed off the walls. The memory of a little blond girl with sassy eyes and a sweet smile pushed itself to the forefront of both of their minds. Dean could almost see her reflection in Bobby’s eyes. In a few days, they’d have to watch that little girl kill. They’d have to watch her kill, or be killed.
, Dean thinks. It doesn't matter that a bullet to the brain wouldn't do her much good considering that he shoved a knife through her guts a solid ten years ago, he'd still resurrect the bitch just to do it all again.
was the mom, now, for both Sammy and himself. It was the year he learned what it meant to be a killer. He’d known death and Hunting since he was four, but it took John shoving a shotgun in his hands, pointing it at a ghoul, and telling him to shoot to really understand either.
Again, Dean jumped. He grabbed for tray next to his bed, remembering too late that the sharp-ass tweezers had been taken by the hags when they left. He didn’t have a damn thing to defend himself.
As expected, Bela shot him yet another wilting glare. He straightened himself up and pouted at her, letting his eyes linger again at her low-cut dress. She smiled, serene, and looked away. A second later, her heeled boot came down on his toe, easily cracking his nail.
The person, a little guy with shaggy hair, legit gold irises, and a matching gold-chain necklace, looked like he weighed a buck fifty at most. He rolled his eyes, spinning dramatically as he spun on his heel toward Dean. The TV turned off with a snap of his fingers.
Dean jerks up so fast he practically rolls off the damn couch, busting his knee hard against the table. He takes it—at least he has another excuse if his eyes start watering up.
Sam takes the device off his wrist without question. Dean waits barely two seconds before the thing is shoved into his hand. On screen, the guy in the suit gives the usual spiel, prepping the vid that plays every fucking year and smiling like a clown when it gets to the part where the bombs go off. Dean doesn’t watch. His eyes are glued to the comm, scrolling through the codes till he reaches the one for Cas. He hits the button to dial just as the video stops.
Again, she nods. She still doesn’t say anything, but he imagines that her hand tightens on his elbow. It’s enough to have his patented fake-as-hell smile slide a bit into his real one. She doesn’t return it, but at least she doesn’t look like a scared little mouse here in the dark. As long as no one gets too close, she could pass for looking bored. Good. Bored can work in her favor.
They both knew he wasn’t talking about the Games. That didn’t stop it from hanging over their heads, though.
Too late. Dean reaches out to grab it, but Castiel is already gone, leaving nothing behind but a flash of black and a sound like crows flying.
Dean throws a little extra saunter in his step, enough to draw attention but not enough to make him look drunk. It’s a fine line, but he knows how to ride it. Knows how to ride lots of things, he thinks uncharitably.
Again, Dean’s words die in his mouth. The guy walking through the door—and leaving it wide open, he notes—isn’t Gabe. Isn’t Cas, either. It’s plain as day that he’s just as much from the Capitol as the two of them, though. He’s tall—not as tall as him or Sam but probably close to Cas—and clean, and everything about him
Across the couch, Bobby huffs at him and leans forward to take the remote. He mercifully skips right past District 9—Dean’s face stoic and older than he’d like to see it, Emma’s desperate and terrified—and lands on District 8. A burly man in a cool looking cap and a red-haired woman with a goofy smile stand back-to-back.
His brother’s eyes narrowed into snaky little slits, but it didn’t last for long. Half a second later, his shoulders deflated, and he just bit his lip and nodded. He had to understand that Dean wasn’t just leaving him for nothing—he was a smart kid, he knew the importance of saying nothing to mean everything in public.
The wind knocks up some sand from the playpen, and Dean blinks to keep it from getting in his eyes. When he opens them, there’s a
The next few minutes flew by without Dean noticing. He knew the crowd was still shouting, knew that the commentator’s were still going, but he couldn’t hear one over the other. All he could focus on was keeping his eyes away from Lucifer’s spot and the steely-eyed man who stood beside him.
Dean’s shoulders tense, a million and one answers coating his whiskey-thick tongue, but none of them come out. Thankfully, they don’t have to—at the other end of the house, the front door has slammed open, and in waltzes the familiar clop of heeled boots. Dean curses his breath and spins on his heel.
In his opinion, the look doesn’t have nearly the same effect it did when he was a twinky teenager, but nobody else seems to agree. It hasn’t failed him yet, anyway. He’s hoping for the same luck tonight.
Low and behold, shouting actually seemed to get their attention. They stared meaningfully at each other, as if Dean was some kind of bratty kid, then turned to him with their hands on their hips. Dean almost laughed—he’d always thought that Capital stooges were robots, but this was ridiculous.
Dean took a deep breath and made a break for it. The gap under the fence was just high enough that he could skid right under without touching it. Just a year ago, he barely even had to duck. At eighteen, he almost grazed his arms every time he went under. His only hope was that he’d finally stopped growing—six feet was plenty.
Eventually, he would realize that he was unhappy hearing of Creation without seeing it. He’d have preferred to witness his Father in person. He would also realize that Heaven, though it was the only home he’d ever known, was stifling.
“Never you worry, dear,” the second one simpered. “We’re just leaving. Your stylist, Trixie, is on the way.”
Eden or not, though, there was more than enough wonder and beauty about the place to hold his interest. God had long since moved on to other planes of existence, perhaps entirely different universes if Castiel’s predecessors were to be believed, and, yet, the Earth continued to flourish. Their Father’s creation continued to create on its own. Grass, trees, flowers. Lizards, insects, frogs. All of them perfectly capable of designing new life, all perfect in his Father’s image.
His brother tries to shrug, but it comes off nervous and skittery. “Maybe their train stopped? There’ve been power outages all over the place. He wouldn’t be able to call if they’re working on it.”
scare him shitless). It doesn’t matter either way, though—Castiel’s still looking at the damn book. Just… reading. The bullet holes are gone from its jacket, and the hole where Ruby’s knife went stitched itself right up, and Bobby isn’t dead, and Dean…
Ignoring all of them, he set aside his beer and topped the empty shot glass with a pour of something that looked and smelled like paint thinner. Mixing alcohols this early probably wasn’t the smartest idea, but Dean hadn’t given in to his stupid quota for the day yet—he was allowed at least this one more.
Dean and Bela glanced at each other, both sporting a cocked eyebrow. The Capitol bitch didn’t notice. She was filing her nails, and that was obviously more important to her than the kids that might die on her watch.
have been a showstopper?” Trixie chuckled. “You know, I had all sorts of plans for these. They were originally going to say
The chariots for the Opening Ceremony of the Games always looked awesome on screen. Even Dean couldn’t lie about that. Gilded gold and decorated like ancient Roman carriages, they looked like something straight out of a gladiator movie. Fucking badass.
“Congratulations, esteemed Tributes of District 9, this will be the first day of the rest of your lives, blah blah blah.”
, is casing you. You learn to tap into signals your body sends you to keep you safe. That chill that rushes your spine. Raises the hair on the back of your neck. Gets your adrenaline pumping. You recognize it, or you die. You manage to spend your whole life like this, like Dean has, and those sensations become second nature.
It wouldn’t be an onerous task, from the look of things. Only twenty-eight patrons filled the seats, most of them glued to the television screen in the far corner of the room. A single bartender manned the taps. It was fortunate, for their purposes, but Castiel couldn’t quite make himself feel happy about it. If this is how the bar operated most nights, then it was no wonder Elle Fairbanks had made such an easy target.
Curious, tentative, he opened his mouth, allowing his tongue to just barely graze against Jerome’s. In return, Jerome’s whole mouth seemed to vibrate, a force that began in the base of his throat and ended on the roof of Castiel’s mouth. He licked after the sound, the sensation, more because of that same curiosity than desire, but it must have been the right call all the same. Jerome fell against him with wobbly knees and desperate hands, digging hard and fast into Castiel’s hips.
Dean huffed under his breath, but Sam elbowed him in the ribs before he could do much else. To his left, Jerome continued to bore holes into Castiel’s skull with his eyes. Unlike the kissing, he couldn’t say it was a particularly pleasant sensation.
Slowly, Dean turns around. Sammy’s doing his best impression of a Great Dane in a cat bed, legs hanging off the chair sagging below him, but he still looks every bit as confused and beat up and worried as Dean feels. Despite that hollowed out look in his eyes, Balthazar just looks smug. Dean grits his teeth when the dude lifts his head from Sam to smirk at him.
“Yeah, about that. Balthazar,” and, God, it’s such a stupid thing to love about the old codger, but seeing him roll his eyes that hard about that Capitol prick has Dean’s heart growing about three times bigger, “packed it for you. Some fancy silk number. Told me not to get it dirty.”
Even if it had, Azazel liked penthouse suites in the middle of the city. And Alastair preferred the dark.
Bela clenched his palm, and he was back in the chariot. Just before they reached the front of the queue, just like Trixie told them to, Dean and Bela whipped out their wrists. A jolt went through Dean’s sleeve, and, then, sure enough, there it was: a pistol. A starter’s pistol, but still—no one in the audience would know the difference. A matching one, worn and rusted for effect, materialized in Bela’s hand.
Dean gave a final, cursory glance around the rotted wood, then snatched the second sack from the ground and headed out.
In a tight leather skirt that hugged her thighs and showed off her neat, tan legs, Bela looked the perfect cowgirl counterpart to his cowboy. She wore heeled, bright red cowboy boots and a matching vest that hugged her breasts. She was still short, even for a girl, but the shoes put her a little closer to Dean’s height. Made them seem a little more equal. United.
“You heard me. They still exist, right? They’re still more powerful than the rest of this world combined? Then why haven’t they put an end to it?”
She smiled, genuine and impressed. It looked like poison. “Of course it is. Guess that makes you big brother, then, huh?”
He swings in an extra sashay with the word and flicks his tongue to his top lip. The guy doesn’t move except to lower his hand a little closer to the baton, but Dean’s not even close to calling it a lost cause. He knows this game like the back of his hand. He just slows his steps a little, tilting away from the stairwell so the guy knows he’s not a runner.
For all that he’d spent the last million years of his existence watching over the Earth, of which humans had been the prime species for the last 10,000 years or so, he’d never quite grasped all of their little quirks.
Dean grumbled under his breath. He hated to admit it, but he was impressed that Sam had caught on so quickly from a single look. Granted, that’s exactly what Dean had done when he’d first seen Bobby, too, but still. The kid was fourteen—he shouldn’t know so much.
Sam glared down at his brother, then turned toward Jerome. “Not to be rude, kid, but you should probably beat it. We’re in the middle of something.”
is real. The sigils, the weapons, the tools, Bobby—this is real. This is what matters. Thinking, worrying, about anything else is just a trip to the loony bin waiting to happen. And that isn’t something he can afford. He’s got things to hunt. People to protect. Sammy to look after. The fuck cares what some
Before he could so much as speak, a sharp boot got him in the knee. Dean hissed, but at least he managed to keep from looking Bobby’s directionؙ—apparently, the old coot had been keeping his history with the Rockettes a secret, what with those high kicks.
Though he performed both duties admirably, even his early self had to admit that the latter was nearly pointless. External threats were nonexistent, and internal threats impotent. The only beings within Heaven were the angels themselves, and though it was possible that they could harm one another, an angel could not annihilate another angel within the sphere’s confines. Beyond that, why would his brethren ever wish to turn on one another in violence?
That clams him right the fuck up. Just like it did the last two days when Sam tried the same shtick with the Reaping for 1 and 2. Eventually, the kid’s gonna stop tiptoeing around him and the guilt trip isn’t gonna work anymore, but Dean’s gonna milk it till that happens. With any luck, it’ll be after all of the Reapings are over.
Sam glared at him like he was a nimrod. “Did you even see Bobby’s face, Dean? How could I not know?”
“I know. It is a lot to take in. We could go somewhere else, if you would like? He has created a home for us. I could show you.”
It’s the fourth time Dean’s asked in the last week, but it still pisses him off when Sam shakes his head “no”. Thoughts of Cas strung out, arrested, or worse invade his brain, and he finds himself clenching his fists. He sent Sam to stay with Cas so he’d keep him safe, and that means sticking with him, not doing stupid shit like not answering their fucking calls. It ain’t like him to give them full-out radio silence. He’s blown Dean off before, sure, but never…
A man in a black suit materializes from the crowd, hopping to Crowley’s side like the little troll he no doubt is. He leans down to whisper in the guy’s ear, and, when Crowley swats him away just a few seconds into it, dutifully bounces away. Dean rolls his eyes—yep, lackeys are all the same.
“Alright, alright, I’m coming. Kid’s gonna sit this one out. I’ll give her the low-down in the morning.”
Edit: Sorry guys, not exactly a new chapter. I realized after I introduced Gabe that I hadn't written any interactions between Dean and Bela, and I needed at least something to set up the tension between them. So, new content, but not exactly a new chapter. I'll see what I can do to fix that soon.
They’ve only been on the train fifteen, maybe twenty minutes. Just him and Emma and Tessa. At least, he assumes Tessa is on with him—she made herself scarce as soon as the Reaping ended, and it’s a petty fucking thing, but Dean’s thankful. She gets him, in that regard. Knows when he needs to not see anyone, especially anyone from the Capital.
Loading up the train cars was a great way to make extra cash before you could get a real job. It didn’t pay much, but a little was better than nothing. Bag up the wheat, bundle the bags in pallets, scratch yourself silly on the straw, and work up your allergies to get a little extra food for the day—simple as could be. Dean was probably the only 5-year-old to find that out in person, but he wasn’t the only kid out there on the platforms.
Two pairs of feet puttered around his door. Dean wiped the sweat off his face and drew himself up in his chair, begging his body to stop shaking for at least one goddamn minute. If it was the guards, he didn’t want them to see him like this. If it was Bobby, he didn’t want to be a snot-nosed kid. He was a man—had been since Mary died, it seemed—but, even if he wasn’t, now would have been the time to become one. Time to stop crying. Time to talk to strategy. Time to figure out –
Behind him, Dean can feel his brother relax. He rolls his eyes but doesn’t stop searching through the half-empty bottles.
gonna have to watch! Did you think about how that would make me feel? Did you think about me at all?”
“Meg Masters. She won the year after you, while you were…” Sam gestures vaguely, then clears his throat and looks back at the screen. Dean silently thanks him for it. “Anyway, she’s a total nutcase. She played up this whole ‘innocent idiot’ deal when her Games started, then ended up slaughtering half of the other tributes singlehandedly. And—get this—she’s Azazel’s daughter.”
The look in Balthazar's eyes is enough to tell Dean exactly what he thinks about the plan. For half a second, Dean almost wants to smile. Double bluff - not bad, Cas. But then he thinks about four days ago, about that familiar cold chill when he stepped into his room, the red gold eyes glaring at him over the table, and it doesn't seem so funny. Cas must've timed Sam's exit perfectly - he didn't show up until right after Lucifer left.
“As decreed by our President, the new ruling for this year’s Games state that, should any district have no living victors, the necessary male and/or female Tribute will be Reaped from a pool of all of that District’s citizens. In order to make the competition more fair, no restrictions shall apply; any citizen above the age of twelve may be Reaped.”
Careful of the sludgy dirt underfoot, he dug his way through the wheat. The duck was just a few yards off. He couldn’t help but smile at it—it looked bigger here than it had in the sky. He and Sam would eat well tonight.
The woman looked down at the register, briefly enough that Dean could tell she was only doing it for effect. His fingers bit into his palms.
His vessel’s heart didn’t pound as it had with Meg, nor did his eyes water and his nostrils flare like they had with April. But his pants were definitely tighter than they had been in the bar, and he was all too familiar now with what that signified. It had just been a long time since he’d been pressed against another human’s body when it happened.
There are a lot of things that could hit Dean with this revelation, and he’s expecting uncomprehending denial to be the first. Much as he hates himself for it, he’s expecting fear to be the second. And both of those things are lurking in the back of his brain, ready to spring forward, but that’s not what comes out of Dean’s mouth. What comes out is anger. Because, if this
Jerome and Dean spoke at the same moment, and neither of their tones made sense to Castiel. Jerome practically squawked, as if in surprise. Dean, however, had taken on the same sarcastic lilt he normally reserved for Crowley. Sam still refused to look directly at any of them.
The disk whirs, lights up, and then the shape of a body shoots up from the glass. Dean smiles—it’s an old comm. If the worn edges didn’t tell him, the pixelated image quality would, but that’s probably the only way Bobby was able to sneak it in, so he’s not gonna complain. He wouldn’t call it “happiness”, but whatever positive emotion he’s got only multiplies when the image sets, revealing Sam in his usual canvas jacket and a pair of jeans.
At that, Sam’s smile falls a little flat. Over his digitized head, so does Bobby’s. Oh, right—they’re in the middle of the annual bloodbash, and neither of them expect him to survive. Dean rolls his eyes and pulls his fur blanket closer.
The shrubs give way at the end of the rolled-out carpet, and Dean’s chest gives a little thump. There are a lot of people—a lot—but less than he was expecting. He can do this. He can keep his cool long enough for Bobby to get a bead on the new Gamesmaster.
, Dean thinks to himself, pouring another shot as his gigantor baby brother wanders in. Jody marches in after him, hands shoved into the pockets of her brown leather jacket. She shares a look with Bobby that Dean catches in the glass. It’s enough to confirm his suspicions that everyone in the house has been talking about him behind his back.
The camera pans, and a different part of District 3 floods the screen. A lone figure marches through the silent crowd, trenchcoat fluttering behind him. His back is straight, his steps even, but it’s forced—Dean can tell. He’s known the guy long enough to know when he’s in pain. Based on what he’s seeing, there are at least a few bruised ribs and a twisted knee under that coat.
Beside him, Bobby seems to sag forward in relief. Dean hands him back the rum and returns to his own standby, the whiskey in the corner.
He closed his eyes, counted to two, and looked back up. The scene hadn’t changed. His baby brother’s name was still broadcasted for the whole world to see. Behind Bela and the blonde, Bobby stumbled back into the wall. Even from the last row, Dean could see the tears in his eyes. His mouth formed a single, short, “No.” He didn’t even reach for his flask.
Wordless, Joshua flittered toward the distant forest. As he had at his beginning, when confronted with God’s light, Castiel stayed a moment more, then flitted back to his post.
“He won’t be coming. He elected to work with District 3’s tributes this year.” Dean opens his mouth, but the guy—Balthazar, apparently, and here Dean thought that Cas’s name was unfortunate—keeps going. “Look, Dean, it’s fine. We’ve hit a bit of a snag, but we’ll work it out. He and Cassie sent me, they want me to tell you –”
“Uh… glad you’ve given it some thought,” Bobby finally muttered. “They’ll give you a crash course on hand-to-hand and wilderness during training. I’ll fill in the blanks. Trust me, easier to do things that way then overload you with info from the onset. But they got a gym where we’re stayin’, if you wanna practice the other stuff.”
Hunger Games, flung himself from the factory roof and died. As such, he will not have the honor of representing us in this year’s competition.”
He still wasn’t sure what he’d said or done to lead Jerome down this course of action, but, despite his initial shock, he couldn’t say that he minded. He’d only ever kissed two people before (and “people” may have been stretching it, considering that one was a demon and the other a reaper). While both of those experiences had been enjoyable in their own way, they were nothing like this. Jerome tasted of neither sulfur nor rain, did not push into him like Meg or coax his lips like April. In an altogether different move, he pressed his body tight against Castiel’s, soft but domineering, and molded their lips together like modeling clay.
Dean looked over his shoulder at the empty doorway, then turned around, eyes glued to the screen. It wasn’t like he had anything better to do.
Worse, though, is that, surprised as he pretends to be about it, he knows good and well what his motivation is for this new…
He wants to scream. To shout, and cry, and flay the skin off his knuckles like Alastair made him do for five years straight in the Pit. He wants… Fuck, he knows
He’ll give him this, though—half-assing it or not, at least he gets done in a hurry. Five minutes into the dress-up game, Balthazar steps back, eyes Dean from head to toe, then smirks and nods.
The comm gives a final ring. For a moment, Dean gets dead silence, then Cas’s voice filters out from the other end. Dean curses, about to launch into a rant, when the words finally click.
Bobby didn’t move. His back was still to Dean, hunched over a table and covered in that damn canvas jacket that wasn’t even in style 200 years ago. One hand clutched a yellowy flask that Dean could smell a yard away. The other was clenched into a fist at his side. It wasn’t funny—hell, this practically told Dean all he needed to know about how this year’s Reaping had gone so far—but Dean couldn’t keep the smile off his face. No matter the circumstances, it was always good to see him.
them. Sammy doesn’t know, and Sammy doesn’t need to know, but he remembers every fucking day he spent in Hell. Every single one but his last. Only one memory stands out from those final moments, and, until now, he was sure that that memory was something his brain had cooked up on its own. The memory is a flash of light, an unimaginable shape in the darkness… and a pair of pitch-black wings.
“Great! Well, now we’ve got that out of the way, we can talk about getting Cinderella dressed for her cage match!”
the rewards once the Games begin.” He winks right at the camera. Dean takes another drink. “Alright, alright. Without further ado, I give you… our President!”
Dean rolls his shoulders and marches back to the liquor cart Emma has dutifully taken point at. Her cheeks are reaching cherry levels, and a look at her hand tells him why—she’s moved on to a whole bottle of tequila.
“Did you think about yourself for even a second? Or what about Ellen? Bobby? They’re already gonna have to watch Jo, now they’ll have to –”
Castiel all but smirked. If only Dean could see him now. Surely even the hunter would be impressed with how quickly he’d gotten this witness to cooperate.
And, yet, not five minutes ago, Cas said that he was looking to Dean for guidance. Waiting for Dean to make the right choice. Which, apparently, he did, since it was the choice Cas was hoping he would make. More than that, though, Cas shared with him a secret. And it scares the shit out of Dean to know that even one of Heaven’s VIPs is having doubts about “the greater plan” or whatever, but the bigger part of him is relieved. He isn’t the only one chafing under this “destiny” crap. He isn’t the only one who thinks that God’s pulled the wool over all of their eyes.
Not okay. The exact opposite of okay. The words reverberate in both their skulls, hollow and unpleasant. They shake it off and stare in opposite directions before they can see the recognition in each other’s eyes. Something breaks behind Dean’s ribcage. He didn’t realize he’d been waiting for Sam to give him hope, or strength, or whatever, until he didn’t.
Same goes for the dream-walking shtick. Yeah, fine, Dean’s dreams anymore are just nightmares and flashbacks, so he can’t say he really objects to having them cut short every so often. And, despite his complaining, it’s only happened a handful of times. Maybe ten, but definitely not more than that. Still, though, it’s the principle of the matter. He wouldn’t want Sam, his own
Bobby clicks the remote, and the Capitol news program disappears. In its place is a blank, dark-green grid with a spinning dais in the center, the same screen they use every year to show off the Tributes once the reaping is over. Sam must have hacked into a District 1 broadcast to get this. Either that, or Balthazar proved himself useful for once and got the intel for them. For now, though, Dean doesn’t bother to ask. He’ll find out later.
Balthazar laughs dryly. “And Gabe had insisted that you were the smart one. In case you haven’t noticed by now, dear old Luci does whatever he feels like.”
Dean stands there, dumb, hand still hovering in midair. One of the lights gives another twitch, hiccupping a couple sparks onto the ground before it goes dead. Bobby lets out a snort, but, otherwise, doesn’t budge an inch. Dean
Dean forces his attention to the girl on Cas’s left. Another red-head, pale and waifish. She looks like a solid breeze could knock her over. Bobby seems to read his mind.
Dean slaps Bobby on the shoulder, then realizes something. The door behind them has swooshed shut. Nobody’s looking at them through the window.
By the time Dean had made his way past the check-in point and into the town square, it was too late to find Sam. Not that they could have stood next to each other anyway—all of the eligible slaughter-ees were segregated by age. Still, he didn’t let his shoulders unclench until he saw that mop of brown hair five rows up. The relief didn’t last long. Two seconds after he shuffled into his own spot at the very back of the crowd, the screen overhead lit up, and the ceremony music started. That all-too-familiar prickle of terror spiked his spine, but he shoved it down. This was the last time he could be ever be picked. The last fucking time. Then it was just four more years, and Sam would be safe, too.
Well, that wasn’t quite true. Dean knew that look in Bobby’s eyes. The old man wanted to hug him, or pat him on the shoulder, or anything else that would say, “It’s gonna be just fine, kid.” But they both knew it was a lie, and that wasn’t their way. Besides, Bobby had to know that Sam had already given him enough sappy spiels to last a lifetime. Bobby was good about not adding onto those kinds of things.
Dean can feel Sam' staring at him. He can, and he ignores it. They're both thinking the same thing, probably, though he's sure that Sam's being a lot more charitable about it. Dean's brain is a constant loop of, "Cas, you fucking idiot." But it's a shallow anger. Cas takes everything way too damn literal, and Dean's known that from the start. So when he made Cas promise to do whatever he had to to keep Sam safe...
The ancient faux-Pagan symbol fades from the screen, replaced by a little troll of a man who seriously needs a shave and a haircut. Metadroid, or Metatron, or something, Dean thinks. A dumbass name to go with the dumbass new-ish Master of Ceremonies.
Dean whipped around, fists clenched. He knew a fucking Capitol accent when he heard one, and this met all the markers, including sounding fake as hell. He expected their bottle blonde escort, even though she hadn’t bothered with the accent up on stage. What he didn’t expect was a girl a head shorter than him with a brunette bob.
Dean clenches his fists, not sure if he means to calm himself down or prepare himself to punch the bastard. Neither would surprise him.
The guy’s eyes lit right up like golden spotlights. Dean didn’t know if he should be excited or terrified.
“Did I?” She fixed a badly acted look of confusion onto her face, drawing one black-lacquered fingernail from her temple down to her chin. If she’d been anyone else, he would’ve shot her a wink. He might have even tried an actual smile. “I don’t know, I mean, it’s just a couple of—”
Castiel took a long sip from the whiskey he’d ordered, glad for the time being that his tolerance level was up to par again. His eyes roamed the bar, stilling only when Dean prayed to him that they were safely in the storage room. Now, all he had to do was keep anyone from going back there for the next ten or so minutes.
Tessa would be his second choice, but she’s been MIA since the party at Crowley’s. Capitol shit, he knows, so he can’t be too hard on her. Bobby’s already tried to get the message out, but the concierge at the front desk stopped him, thinking he was betraying Dean to give some intel to Caleb and Annie. Shows how little any of these Capitol pricks really know what’s going on.
He let his genuine smile creep into a lecherous smirk—if that’s all she thought of him, he might as well act the part.
“Yeah. Yeah, uh, investigation.” Jerome spared one more glance at Castiel, his cheeks notably flushed, then bolted back through the door from which they had exited. He wiped his mouth with the back of his hand before he left. For some reason, it made Castiel’s spine tingle.
He jumped back up to his feet, materializing a lollipop the same color as his bowtie in the process. If Dean hadn’t been watching his hands the whole time, he’d have sworn he pulled it from his ass. He had bigger things to worry about, though, what with Trixie circling him and staring like a hawk.
It was a four-hour drive from Arkansas, but Castiel made the trip in just over three. Dean and Sam were waiting for him just outside the local bar as Dean had promised, surprisingly bereft of their fed suits. Both brothers slapped him on the back when he got out of his Continental, a gesture he returned with as little awkwardness as possible. Dean’s hands bore a few more calluses, and a fresh scar wrapped its way round his thumb. Cas squinted at the new wounds, but Sam started explaining the plan before he could ask.
Bobby sidles up next to her, almost unrecognizable in his own black tux sans trucker cap. They link arms and head for the red carpet, shoving their invites at the laser reader till the gates snap open to let them in.
If Bobby shared their annoyance, he didn’t show it. All business, he set his flask down on the bar and leaned forward.
Dean saw God in that thing’s hollowed eyes. He knew God when John patted him on the shoulder, told him for the first time in nearly two years that he was proud of him. He saw Him in the mirror that night before he cuddled up with Sammy. And he knew He didn’t give a good goddamn.
But that’s exactly what he’s done. There’s no other explanation for how he could be so comfortable having a capital-A Angel creep on him. At least he had enough sense to check on Sammy first. At least he didn’t get complacent there.
A shiver ran down Dean’s spine. Trixie was saying something, probably trying to get off of Bobby’s bad side from the sound of gruff grumbling in the background, but Dean couldn’t focus. He had a name to go with the face. He’d never heard it before, certainly never seen the dude before five minutes ago, but, if there was one thing Dean had learned to trust in his life, it was his instincts. Right now, all of them were screaming at him to run, and run far, from Azazel’s line of sight.
Dean nodded, then gave him the best approximation of a salute he could manage with shivering, clammy hands.
“What?” Under Dean’s fingers, Sam’s neck went clammy. His expression shifted—not surprised, or afraid, but suspicious. Dean tightened his fist. “Wait, how do you know about that?”
And, then, Dean is moving. He’s roaring like a goddamn lion, fists clenched so tight he can feel his palms bleeding well before they shoot through the TV monitor. It crashes to the ground, and he stomps right through its face, over, and over, and over again. The fucking thing lights up like a firework, sparking, scratching, shrieking, before finally sputtering out and fading to black. Cas’s ice cold stare disappears beneath his boot.
With that thoroughly enlightening announcement, Sam stumbled off down the alley, knocking into a trashcan on his way. Dean didn’t so much as flinch. Nor did Castiel.
With a roll of his shoulders, he slid from his stool and sidled up to the empty one next to the blender. The bartender stared blatantly, a shot glass hanging from one hand and a dishrag from the other. The pupils of his eyes dilated, and Cas watched closely for the black to totally engulf his stare. It didn’t. And, still, the man continued to watch.
Sam’s smile fell a bit as he turned the duck out onto the cleanest part of the counter he could find.
For one, quick second, Dean thinks about blowing up. Thinks about telling him what the old man likely already knows: that Dean’s already got one dead friend on his conscience from these damned
“Evening, everyone,” he greets, clapping his hands together. “Thanks for putting up with the spiel. What can I say, I can’t help myself. I just love the… anticipation.” He grins a little wider. “This year, the Reaping will
By all measures of existence, it wasn’t much to look at. Just a planet, a mere speck in the miasma of the universe. It was neither the largest nor the smallest in its galaxy, did not rotate against its axis nor revolve in a particularly fascinating way around its sun. It was certainly nothing magnificent. And, yet, when first Castiel set eyes upon it, he received a shock to his system.
know, thanks) and nuncheon and vespers. Dean didn’t make any contributions to that conversation, but Sam did. He explained a bunch of kid jokes to Cas because, despite being older than both of them, Cas barely knew anything. Watching that whole thing unfold was more than amusing enough for Dean.
With a completely engineered twinkle in his eye, he cocked a hip toward the drone camera and lifted his hand. The District 8 chariot rounded off to the opposite side, leaving the way clear for the platinum seats at the head of the arena. If Dean looked up, he knew he’d see Lucifer staring him down. He couldn’t afford to get his head out of the game, though, so he kept his stare vague enough that it settled just to the right of the president. A bulky, barefaced man with an evil grin stared back. The overhead lights caught his eyes, flashing them bright yellow as they narrowed on Dean’s face. Dean realized his mistake instantly. Fuck knew who this guy was, but he’d rather be staring down Lucifer. Not him.
Somebody—Bobby, he guesses—hefts themselves off the couch. A few pairs of feet echo toward the front door. None of them have heels. It creaks open, snaps shut. Dean keeps his eyes on the floor.
Cas stops long enough to shoot what Dean is sure is a fucking freezing glare at the Capitol fuckwad next to the stage, then steps up by himself. Dean’s stomach lands somewhere near his feet when he turns to face the audience. His face is dried blood, one cheek swollen, the other cut to ribbons all under his eye. His lips are more chapped than usual. His five o’clock shadow is darker. But he just stands there, stoic. No movement, no words, no expression, as far as anyone can see. But
of the hotel, out of the Capitol, entirely. Getting it to somebody in the same building would be easier anywhere else, but, here, it’s gonna be trickier, and he knows it.
“They, uh… they’re about to Reap for District 3.” He points, pointlessly, at the TV. “You should probably watch. You know, keep in the loop, size up your… your competition.”
doesn’t have the same problem! Would you look at them! Gorgeous pair, and so spunky! They’re together, they’re united, they’re not afraid to say, 'This is us!' Just outstanding!”
“Oh, didn’t you hear? I’m doing great! Got a big fat promotion! You’re looking at the stylist for District 3!”
Bobby clicks the remote a final time. An older blonde woman with nails the length of steak knives and a smarmy little bastard with slicked-back hair and a nice suit stare back.
On-screen, the burly dude grins. Sure enough, all of his teeth are square-shaped and relatively normal looking. It’s a nice smile.
Sam lifted his head, eyes squinted against the sun. Damn, he looked so young. Thin, bony, and fucking terrified.
Dean felt the glare pointed in his direction, the one that might as well have said, “Don’t be an idjit,” but it’s not like he needed it. The kick had made Bobby plenty clear already. And Dean was still in the “hell fucking no” camp, but he had to concede that it wasn’t a bad idea. Dad might’ve loved to preach that he got through his Games on skill alone, but he was an exception, not the rule. Most people needed at least a handful of sponsors to make it out alive. Dean wasn’t anything special, so he’d probably need more than just a handful.
The Earth was ancient, older than many of the angels by far, Castiel included. Perhaps it was even older than Death and his brothers, Famine and War. No one but the archangels seemed to know for sure, and they scarcely left their Father’s side long enough to speak to their younger siblings. As such, few things about the Earth were widely known throughout the Host. Castiel’s older siblings sometimes spoke of the Earth’s earliest occupants, the Leviathan, whom they subtitled “God’s failed first experiments”. Castiel questioned the truth behind these claims, though, as did many of his fellow Seraphs. For one, if the Leviathan preceded angels, then how could the angels know of their existence? For another, if the Leviathan ever existed, where were they now? And, most importantly, how could their Father, a truly perfect being, ever make a mistake?
Sun beamed in through the slats in the boarded-up windows, blinding him pretty solidly. The clock on the wall across from him read 8:00 AM. Any minute now, the sirens would start blaring, reminding everyone to get down to the town square for the main event.
The breath leaves Dean’s body in a wave of relief. He takes a second to gather himself, then turns a bit to look over his shoulder. He rakes his eyes up the man’s body, feigning interest over his fear.
Bobby, Sam, and Jody all reach for guns that none of them should have, barrels pointed at Blondie. The guy barely seems to notice.
Two feet away, a woman in a tight black dress gave him the once over. He tilted one corner of his mouth up, but that was all he could spare.
“That you killed him? Nobody but the three of us here knows you killed the son of a bitch, Dean. The real question is, does she suspect? And that one I don’t know.”
He found the end pretty easy. There was just the one hall, and only two rooms, both of which he knew were temporarily his and Bela’s. And that meant the door at the end had to be dining car or whatever the hell they called the common room on this thing. Look at that—master of deduction. He’d have no problem winning the Games.
Dean cursed under his breath. He’d actually avoided thinking about their dad all night, a difficulty on the best of days and a damn impossibility the day of the Reaping. For one, they always played that clip during the ceremony, the one of John slitting some kid’s throat then turning, eyes like steel, to glare at the drone camera overhead. From a marketing standpoint, or whatever, Dean couldn’t really argue with it—John was the only victor District 9 had ever had in the 37-years the Games had been going. Didn’t make it any easier to see his dad at seventeen, a killer through-and-through.
“Exactly twenty-five Games ago, we added an extra element,” Metatron continues, his grubby little face overpowering the screen yet again. “Well,
The guy wets his lips but doesn’t nod. Still, Dean knows for sure what he’s dealing with now, and he doesn’t hesitate to lean into the guy’s space, just close enough for their chests to brush. Without breaking eye contact, he tucks his note into the guard’s breast pocket.
With a huff, he rolled over, yet again, body curled toward the stove. He could just make out Sam’s reflection in the grimy surface, shoulders rising and falling in his sleep. He knew that, if he turned around (again), he’d see a wrinkle between his baby brother’s brows, one that didn’t belong on a newly-minted fourteen-year-old. He’d been watching it, hoping it would smooth itself away, for the last hour-and-a-half. It made him look tired. It reminded him of John.
“Onto the main event!” the man shouts, clapping his hands in front of his face. The camera pans out to show a top-heavy blonde with dimpled chipmunk cheeks, probably close to Jody’s age and wearing a similar outfit, and a waiflike redhead with big doe eyes. There’s nobody on the male side of the stage.
“Startin’ from the bottom,” Bobby grouses. “Kevin Tran. That’s last year’s winner. I know he don’t look like much, but he’s a mastermind. Manufactured an honest-to-God explosion with nothing but some rocks and lip balm, if I’m remembering correctly. He’ll be the youngest this year.”
Castiel’s eyes widened so far he could feel them moving against his brow. “Dean, I have no idea what you're talking about.”
Grateful as he is, he can’t help but roll his eyes at the memory—if Cas intends to stick around Earth-side for awhile, Dean is gonna
Sam’s foot touched the middle aisle, two guards near the stage closing in, and that was it. Dean was running before he even realized he’d told his body to move.
He takes a deep breath, then slides out of the stone-walled suite and into the mirror-ball black hallway.
Castiel was not the first of his Father’s creations. He wasn’t the tenth. He wasn’t even the hundredth. Castiel was the two-thousand five-hundred and sixty-seventh creation of God, the fifth of what would eventually become seven Seraphim, each assigned to one of the days of the week. This was fact, something he simply understood at the onset of his creation. Just as he knew that his purpose was to obey, to serve, to protect. Just as he knew, without ever seeing Him, without Him being anywhere nearby, who his Father was and what He had done. What He was
ignore Bobby. At the moment, though, Dean couldn’t complain—the old man looked just as put out by their female companions as Dean was.
Rubbing at his eyes, Dean walks back over to the velvet couch in the middle of the car. He leaves on his boots, the mud-caked ones he saves for yardwork, and kicks up his legs till he’s horizontal, one laid out along the armrest, the other draped over the back of the couch. Clods of dirt spray over everything. He huffs at the hollow little victory.
Dean closed his eyes, and, for half a second, he saw John, tired and ragged just like he was the last morning he’d spent alive. “You keep Sammy safe,” he’d whispered, brushing back Dean’s hair as he did. “You take care of your brother.”
Still, Dean wasn’t in the mood to argue. Especially not with Bobby. He cocked his shoulder toward the opposite end of the train, wordlessly asking if “his” room was that way. It took Bobby a second, his eyes thick with that glassy, faraway look Dean hated to see, but he eventually nodded. Just once. Short and stiff.
“We’ve been doing some recon. Found out all we could about the other Tributes. We thought it’d be good to give you a rundown before the Opening Ceremony.”
With a roll of his eyes, he straightened his sarape and looked away. For what had to be the sixth or seventh time in an hour, he caught his own eyes in the mirrored wall, shifting from side-to-side so he could get all of his angles.
“Tess, I appreciate you checkin’ in on me or whatever, but we both know the drill. Let me get at least an hour to myself before we start talking gameplans."
In retaliation, Dean steals the remote from Bobby’s other hand. He flicks past the next few screens. Isaac and Tamara, married couple from District 11, both capable and as nice as any of the victors could really be called “nice”. District 10, Martin Creaser—an older man, probably close to Bobby’s age, one of John’s old friends that Dean only remembers by name—and Pamela Barnes—just a few years older than Dean, and every bit as gorgeous as he remembered. Her leather training uniform pulls tight across her breasts. He lingers on their screen a little longer than he probably should, a little smirk ticking at his mouth.
He slams the button and presses it hard into his forehead. On screen, the guy in the suit drops his hand into the fishbowl of names. Impossible, implausible as it is, Dean knows what’s coming before the guy unfolds the paper, before he opens his mouth, before he shows the slip of paper to the camera. He just knows.
“Cut the crap, Sam.” He yanked the amulet off over his head. “When were you gonna tell me this fucking thing was bought with blood money?”
Emma doesn’t seem to agree, but they both know she doesn’t have it in her to argue. She nods, once, then uncaps the top and pours at least two shots-worth down her throat. A stupid little bubble of pride rises in his throat when she only chokes a little.
But he ain’t done feeling ancient. Forty years will do that to a man. Forty years crammed into four months, every last one of ‘em spent burning and dying and killing and… and…
“Oh yeah?” Dean keeps digging—that old 150 proof rotgut is in here somewhere. Unless Bobby’s taken it, anyway. “What’s that?”
He wants to. But fuck if his eyes don’t water instead. If his throat doesn’t close up. If it doesn't get harder to breathe.
still happen. We’re just making a few changes to the setup.” He takes another long pause. “This year, instead of pulling from a brand new crop of
He sidled a little closer, waited till she looked over at him, then shot her a wink obvious enough that even people in the nosebleeds would see it. Sure enough, the crowd erupted with catcalls. The monitor at the end of the arena jerked away from the split-second shot the cameras had taken of the District 12 Tributes and zoomed in on Bela and Dean. The bright, sparkling banner illuminated their faces, smirking under the words they’d shot from their pistols: “Yippee-Kay-Ay, Motherfuckers!”
Dean kicked open the door and scraped his dirty boots off on the “Welcome Home!” mat, the only thing left of their old house in the Victor’s Village—
And all the wires. Every spare inch of sky was filled with wires, cords, cables, stretched taut and buzzing with electric energy. He could feel the unnatural hum like hooks in his soul. If he didn’t keep it together, it would tear him apart.
. Believing that it actual feels guilt, anyway. “It can be… overwhelming, to humans, and so can my real voice. But you already knew that.”
Castiel looks at him. And looks at him. Its eyes narrow a bit, head tilted, as if it’s trying to see something a little clearer. Dean doesn’t know why it bothers—what you see is what you get with Dean, and it’s seen everything there is about him.
“Alright alright, enough from the peanut gallery.” He casts his eyes around until they finally settle on a fur throw over the back of the couch. “And to think I was actually glad to see your ugly mug.”
“No, you didn’t think about anything! You always do this, Dean! You’re going to get yourself—get –” He couldn’t even spit it out. He winced, his glare not dampening at all, and plowed on. “And we’re all gonna have to watch! Bobby and Ellen are gonna have to watch!
for me? Well that changes everything, sign me up!” And that shows just how little this fucking thing knows, because, a few years back, when he and Sam first put this shitshow back on the road, his little brother told him some bullshit about a psyche course he took at Stanford. At least, Dean let him think it was bullshit, because he wasn’t about to be getting all touchy-feely with the kid he raised. You don’t do that. But he listened to all of it, alright, and he knows about “ineffective coping mechanisms” and “PTSD” and “triggering phrases” and all that.
He steps closer, smug for the first time all fucking week. Screw Lilith, he did his job. “Well, we put those spirits back to rest.”
“Is safe, too. Safe as any of us, anyway.” He takes a deep breath and shrugs. “She’s already unpacked and set-up in the Capital with Caleb and Annie Hawkins.”
The crowd oohs and ahhs in anticipation. Somebody actually fucking gasps. Metatron eats it all right up.
“Benny Lafitte and Charlie Bradbury,” Bobby mumbles through his whiskey. “Can’t say I know too much about either of ‘em, good or bad. Benny took a cue from his mentor and filed his teeth down to points for his Games—ripped out a couple throats that way, from what I remember. He’s had ‘em fixed since then, though, not that I know what that says about him.”
But sitting on a park bench in Colorado next to a frickin supernova disguised as a tax accountant, Dean starts thinking he might have to tick off another finger.
She shakes her head, but at least she takes another swig. Her cheeks are getting redder by the second, and he’d feel bad about getting her drunk for the second time today (and probably the second time in her entire life) if he wasn’t sure she’d end up blacking out again. God knows blackouts have saved him more times than he can count.
Bela nodded once, sharp. She didn’t seem too keen on having to wait, but at least she wasn’t gonna argue. Dean might have actually said “to hell with it” and knocked her lights out if she had—Bobby had enough on his plate without some know-it-all try-hard’s mouth to add on top of it.
,” Balthazar mutters, eyes darting in Dean’s direction even as he dances around him with sprays and creams who knows what the fuck else, “decided to be MIA while I was working. But Gabriel gave me your measurements, and they should suffice. Assuming you haven’t either embalmed yourself or grown a beer gut over the last few days. Neither would surprise me.”
Dean socked him in the jaw, and he went down. Three other guards rushed forward, guns drawn and cocked. There wasn’t another sound for miles. Even the birds were quiet. But John Winchester’s voice was loud and clear in Dean’s head.
Dean grabbed his “pillow”, the rolled-up washrag on the floor, and chucked it at Sammy’s head. For a second, at least, John’s voice went quiet.
For all of the above, he ain’t about to just let everything slide. Angel or not, ally or not, Cas is still sketchy as hell. But—and this, this right here, is the part he has a problem with more than anything—Dean still
And yep, there it is—Castiel nods. Dean’s breath whooshes out of him like he’s trying not to drown. Angel. This thing is a fucking
The annoying little buzzer noise from the TV interrupts them. Dean had learned to hate that fucking thing by the time he could walk, but the last twelve years have been particularly annoying.
Castiel turned to her. Around them, more and more pinpricks of angels bloomed into being. Like all of his other brethren, they were made of the light itself, yet still dwarfed, rendered obsolete, in the radiance of God. And, then, they, too, disappeared.
“Well, I guess we should get started,” she drawled, as if the thought had honestly just occurred to her. “Ladies first.”
—but that don’t mean there aren’t eyes everywhere. He’s half expecting his buddy from the elevator to decide Dean wasn’t worth the wait and follow him back. The thought makes his shoulders clench even more than they already were, but he holds himself steady. Even if he ends up getting fucked tonight when that’s the last thing on his agenda, it’ll be worth it. Anything’s worth getting to Cas.
Castiel was not alone in his fascination. During the brief interludes when he convened with the Seraphim behind the Gates, they all expressed their curiosity. Even angels who had nothing to do with guardianship and had only heard tales of the little planet were prone to conversation on the topic. One of the most widely held debates was what to call it. Each angel came into being with knowledge of every language that would ever be spoken, written, or otherwise communicated throughout the universe, and each of those languages had a different name for Castiel’s favorite planet. As for himself, he took to the label “Earth”.
(He did not know, at the time, that God first created great hounds as his Heavenly companions but quickly found them too violent. He did not know of Purgatory’s existence or the fact that his Father had forcibly banished the Leviathan to that realm. He did not know of the mark Lucifer so willingly accepted, much less that God had seen everything that would unfold after his favorite son’s choice. In those early days, Castiel questioned little and knew even less.)
Crowley smirks, a wicked grin that twists up just the left side of his face. Because he can’t resist, Dean winks at him. The little man’s smile grows wider. Dean would give his left nut to be able to read his blood pressure right now.
Bobby’s voice had Dean stopping in his tracks. Bobby Singer was not sugary sweet kinda man. “Gruff” was more like it; “pissy”, if Dean felt like being honest. This was neither of those things—Bobby sounded like he’d dug himself out of his own grave.
The well of tears, the softness in Dean’s gut, popped like a balloon. His hands clenched against nothing. His body started vibrating again, but, this time, it had fuck all to do with nerves. Then red flooded his eyes.
Three days later, the TV is still broken and shorted out downstairs. Dean doesn’t replace it to find out which one. Neither does Sam.
Tonight didn’t seem like it would be the scene of a repeat performance, at least. Of the two dozen or so guests Cas had gotten a good look at, only two of them seemed belligerent, much less violent, and he assumed that had more to do with drunkenness and a lost game of darts than any supernatural activity. Granted, his sense for the paranormal had lessened since The Fall, but he could still recognize the presence of something out of place.
“Yeah, well… I don’t know why he didn’t just come with you in the first place. Then he’d already be here and we’d just be waiting on Gabe’s sorry ass.” He grips the edge of the cabinet. “Did he even say why?”
Great, and now Dean doesn’t even get a second to be disappointed that Castiel didn’t take the bait. Those damn dots just keep connecting.
The same thought seemed to have occurred to Sammy. Or, at least, something similar. His brow softened, his shoulders sagging as the hot air seeped out of him. All at once, he was just a thirteen-year-old beanpole. He was just Dean’s baby brother.
Another look around the garden confirms what he already knew—Gabe’s in the wind. A few yards away, Bobby weaves through a group of cat-faced bitches, Crowley’s tailcoats in his sights.
The air seems to leave Dean’s body. There’s a glint in his brother’s eyes that he’s seen one too many times over the past few years, and never wants to fucking see again. Especially not now.
“Can’t say I know what you’re talking about. Surprisingly, I’m not all that popular. Lots of acquaintances, not so many friends, and all the tail I can get. Woe is me, right?”
But he’s gotta try. He’s gotta talk to Cas, and he’s gotta do it soon. Away from the cameras and prying eyes, before this shitshow really kicks off.
He rubbed at them somberly, too sore to even begin to get hard, and continued to glare at two of the hags who were still in the room with him. They had been putting away their tools or torture instruments or whatever and whispering as if Dean wasn’t three feet away and perfectly capable of hearing them. He might as well be a dog. At least dogs didn’t have the hair stripped off their dicks, though.
“Actually, we might want to practice other things, too. We’re both gorgeous, no getting around that. It could drum up some attention if we played the romantic angle.”
“I don’t believe it will take us that long.” Castiel released his phone, then leaned over the bar. “Unless you truly know something of merit, anyway.”
The bad part of what used to be called Kansas and was now just another speck in District 9 was that it was almost completely flat and barren. No trees, few ponds, just fields and fields of wheat. If they lived anywhere else in the district, that would be a real bitch. Fortunately for Dean, though, they just happened to live in one of the few sections surrounded by untended fields. The poison-oak-infested barley field around the barn wasn’t a one-off—most everything in this area was overgrown with poison something. According to Dad, the guards had tried to burn it all down years ago, but the poison just kept growing back. Eventually, they gave it up and moved the district fence back. Their loss, Dean’s gain, because that meant the fence jutted up right against a wall of rotted corn almost as tall as the watchtowers.
Not that that’s anything unusual. Dean has spent the last decade of his life in some state of drunkenness. After the first kids died on his watch… well, he and liquor have never been strangers.
Bobby shot him a look that Dean chose to ignore—the old man knew just what Dean was doing to get so close to the guards that he could hear them say anything, much less something that classified—then hummed low in his throat. “Hell Hounds, huh? Can’t argue with the name. I’ve seen a couple myself, and they’re some mean sons o’ bitches. Haven’t worked out how to kill ‘em yet.”
The thing doesn’t look all that concerned with Dean’s threat. With his doubts. It just levels him that same, soul-searing stare and grumbles, “That is your problem, Dean. You have no faith.”
Bobby and Jody both ship out two days later. They take their time saying goodbye to Sam, their whispers carrying just enough for Dean to hear the voices but not the words. They don’t do or say anything to Dean. It’s an unspoken promise, one that hangs around the house like smoke. One or both of them will be seeing him again in the Capitol soon enough.
, Castiel, is still staring at him. Five whole seconds, and it hasn’t blinked once. Hasn’t made good on its demand to talk to him in private, either.
The sound of heels clipping down the hall made him jump. Flushed at the thought of getting caught ogling himself, he straightened his tie a final time and spun firmly away. He couldn’t say it was a bad decision. If he was hot, Bela was
Whistling low, he swung the duck into his empty sack and headed for the barn. To anyone else, it might’ve been invisible, caved-in and half buried in a field of barley overgrown with poison oak. But Dad had used it on and off for fourteen years, which meant that, by extension, so had Dean. It, the pearl gun, and the leather jacket on Dean’s shoulders were the only things left of John Winchester.
The last part was said low. Quiet. Dean couldn’t say he blamed him—the words alone were enough to make him blow his fucking lid. If Sam had copped a tone on top of that…
When Dean clutched Bela’s hand a little tighter, when his face split a little with pride, it wasn’t for show.
It takes Dean a couple seconds to remember why he hates that snobby British voice, apart from the obvious, and a few more to notice all the covered mannequins lurking around the room. They’re fucking creepy, but he’d be lying if he said he wasn’t a little impressed—the outfits they’re wearing all look finished. Seems like Balthazar kept himself busy.
Tessa blinks away from the crowd to look at Dean. Just for him, just for a second, there are tears in her eyes. Then, she plasters her smile back on and reaches into the empty fishbowl. It takes a moment of digging for her to snag the single slip of paper inside. In the audience, nobody’s breath catches. Nobody’s eyes go wide. Nobody starts to cry.
He immediately turns around to see if anyone noticed. But nope—the kids, the little “works of art”, are still running around without a care in the world.
When his fellow guards questioned him later, Castiel would answer, truthfully, that he was concerned. That he feared some unknown enemy had taken root on Earth and would soon set its sights on attacking Heaven. It wasn’t a lie, but, in the privacy of his unshared thoughts, he could admit that that worry did not occur to him until much later. In that moment, all he cared about was protecting the Earth.
. And Dean feels more naked, more exposed, then he ever did in Alistair’s hands. “You don’t think you deserve to be saved?”
Whether or not Dean was aware of that fact, his eyes narrowed significantly as he continued to stare at Castiel. Flustered, confused, and more than a little angry that Dean had interrupted both his interrogation and makeout session, glared right back.
“There’s an exercise facility at the opposite end of the hall,” he says. “I can have a colleague escort you if you’d like.”
Dean tried. It’s not like he laid down with the intention of memorizing the ceiling. He knew it’d be easier if he went to sleep, if he at least got a little bit of rest before the shitshow really started. But knowing and trying ain’t the same things as doing. Fifteen minutes in, he knew sleep wasn’t gonna happen. Five hours in, he was proven correct.
Note: The "fancy couch" Bela is laying on is called a chaise lounge. Dean is 18, he can't be expected to know the names of haute couture furniture.
If he had a brain like Sammy’s, that would’ve been one thing. That would’ve at least given him a reason for his brain to act like its own perpetual motion machine. He didn’t, though. It was just a Dean brain. Useless for anything but hunting and taking care of his brother. And all it could do while the train chugged forward was dwell on the past. Especially the past few hours.
He’s already got the note ready. It’s short. Coded, but not enough that Cas will need a key or anything chemical to crack it. For all Dean knows (and maybe hopes), Cas might even get a kick out of it. Might understand that it means Dean really does listen to him.
Dean knew it was meant as an insult, but he still took the comparison as a compliment. He also heard the unspoken apology. If he thought it’d do him any good, he might have told Bobby to stop blaming himself for telling John the truth all those years ago. From what he remembered of the story, the two were drunk off their asses at one of the Capitol-enforced get-togethers the Victors had to do when Bobby let slip that the Games people were letting their failed muttations loose in the wastelands between the districts. But it wasn’t his fault that John took that as all the invitation he needed to start hunting the bastards. It wasn’t his fault that that meant John taught Dean how to do it, either. Mary was already dead, and John was looking for whatever kind of fight he could get his hands on. That’s how he lived, and that’s how he died, the sole Victor of District 9.
