“I’m tryin’a prove a point here to Sam, and to get it across - just - would you be okay with me kissing you? Like, just this once - I promise I won’t make it weird or anything, but I gotta ask, you know? I know you’re not into physical stuff like -”
His soul is left out in the elements now, bare, exposed, spilling from a wound that will never stop bleeding, all mangled sinew stuck in the teeth of something cold and hollow.
,” he specifies on a map he stretches across his end of the table, “Now. I know the block, and I know the building.”
Every roaring instinct is simple, base, animal, and laser-focused on the growing tension in his lower abdomen.
“Shit,” he hisses, his hands cupping Castiel’s waist, trying to get him to stop moving so that he can hopefully reignite his higher cognitive functions, “You - I shouldn’t’ve suggested the Impala, Cas. But, just so you know, it wasn’t - I mean, with Anna, it wasn’t lo -”
Picking his arms up out of the draining water, he splays his wet hands across the counter, his shoulders hitching up closer to his ears.
Twisting around with a jump, Sam nearly reaches for his gun, but stops short when he realizes it’s Castiel behind him. He’s about to reprimand the Angel for the scare when he notices how flushed his face looks, and gentles his voice.
At this, Castiel seems unprepared to reply, and stiltedly answers, “I... just thought I'd sit here quietly.”
“Human connection can only go so far as the epidermis allows,” Castiel tells him, spreading his fingers so that he’s palm-to-palm with the scar of his own handprint, “but that is not the case for you and I.”
“You? Are you about to ask if my love for you is shared with yourself of another time? Are you seriously jealous of yourself?”
“She asked me to dance,” Castiel tells Dean, passing him his flute, “I regretfully informed her that I don’t know how.”
Beginning to pace, Castiel's arms and hands illustrate some vague frustrated type of excitement, and while seeming to relive his rescue mission, he entirely misses how Sam seems to try and fail to stop him again, "to me, he was so unrecognizably...
Sam will just stay angry at him until he's forced to understand, it's a bandaid on a wound that needs stitches, and it will probably just blow up in his face at some point like every other secret he's ever kept from Sam.
Thwacking the hand towel back down on the counter, Dean crosses his arms over his chest, takes an unnecessarily challenging stance, and repeats, "nothing. I said nothing, Sam. He told me he's known me in every realm, every time there is, every universe, every way there is to know a person - he put me back together after Hell, body and soul, he knows me more than anyone else possibly could, and he wanted me to know that he loved everything he knew. Unconditionally. And that the being - not even having a chance with me, it was fine for him, because he was happy just being in love... with me. And I said nothing."
Maybe he shakes his head, or breathes out something sharp, and wet, but whatever it is - Sam understands.
Privately, Dean thinks to himself that ‘reckless,’ is a pretty polite way of putting it, but more importantly, he thinks his future self looks weirdly irritated about the exchange. Like, maybe the word ‘reckless,’ has come into play between his future self and Cas before, and it’s a fighting word.
Dean finally manages to look at Castiel’s face again, and he’s almost relieved to find that Castiel’s having just as difficult a time as he is of putting up bravado, “they vary greatly, from what I’ve seen, but whether it is a French woman kissing both cheeks of a friend in greeting, or a Ukranian parent checking their child for a fever with a kiss to the forehead - it stems from such… sweetness.”
That gives Dean a moment’s pause where he seems to be searching Castiel’s face for some sign of sarcasm or deceit; there is none to be detected, of course.
It's not fair that John, even in absence, could still be one of the meanest fuckers Dean's ever had to fear.
It’s at this moment that he realizes there are hot tears in his eyes despite how hard he’d been biting the inside of his cheek, because the shine of the dark plasma is blurred in his vision.
Breathing roughly, Dean nods some vague agreement, then offers, “you wanna feel something else nice?”
Dean is glad Claire poked fun at Cas - that prissy Angel acted like he was wounded by a little ribbing, but he was a snarky bitch too, and Dean only wishes he could make fun of Cas now.
He never asked how it was that his future self and that Cas ever fell into bed together. Or kissed, for that matter. He doesn’t know how it happened, only that it did, and that his future self threw it away. His future self gave up on Cas - gave up on
What would Castiel be so frightened of others knowing he desired? Power? Something hedonistic or sinful? A different father? A change of course? Did Castiel wish for permanent mortality, to live and die as a human? Would he feel shame about something like that?
“You are the most caring man on Earth,” Castiel says, as if it were indisputable fact, “You are the most selfless, loving human being I will ever know.”
When he breaks into a run, Castiel does too, and he starts laughing before they’ve even made it to the relative safety of the dank alleyway behind the club.
With an embarrassing, proud little flutter in his chest, Dean looks to Cas’ profile, and has to physically fight the urge to say, ‘you too, man.’ It’s weird seeing Cas look and sound casual and even mostly normal, and not like Spock. Unnatural, but in a way Dean could see himself getting used to, if it came about gradually rather than all at once.
Clearing that thought away as quickly as it comes, Dean announces, “showtime,” and offers his own winning smile at the woman while Castiel stiffens further in his seat.
He stares at Cas’ side profile as the gateway cracks open, he watches the lights flicker in Cas’ tear-filled eyes as he replies, “should I be sorry? It’s what I feel.”
Castiel clearly struggles with his answer, near hyperventilating, and looking off in each and every direction, like there may be some incoming attack at any moment. Sam can’t explain it, but he senses Castiel’s other eyes - hundreds of them, all of them searching for a threat. Or maybe somewhere safe.
To both Dean and Cas’ surprise and humor, Sam appears genuinely bereft to leave the lesson. They both seem inclined to respect Sam’s wishes, though, so they take another turn.
At a few feet back from them, and chanting in Latin, Bobby doesn’t hear Castiel say it, which Dean is glad for, but Dean damn sure hears it when Cas mutters wetly, “... I am so sorry, my love.”
Cas’ arms wrapped across his shoulders, the safety of his gun clicked off from behind Dean’s head, and he pulled himself up close, chest-to-chest with him, lips close enough to make Dean’s mouth water.
Raising his hands in surrender, Dean goes back to feigning innocence, but his throat is still stinging with vitriol.
Dean seethes inwardly, but decides to plaster on a smile, and mock, “oh, wait, I know this one - we were in, uh, Jane's - ? - cabin last night. And, apparently, we and Risa here have a ‘connection.’”
Embarrassed, his eyes flicker away again, and he crosses his wrists over the small of his back, “I find - I find that I am a stranger to my own happiness, Sam. I... I am so far removed from it that it is hardly mine at all. Dean is, to my eyes, a soft and warm star encased in a thin membrane of glass, I only want to protect him, but he shines on me without fear, or demand, even when he nears supernova, even when he flares, he warms me. My happiness is so foreign to me, I can only feel it as it refracts through him, and warms me from some other side of being.”
He knows that when he thinks too hard about everything Castiel has done for him, everything he’s sacrificed, thanking him starts to feel cheap, and ridiculous.
"He said you're a good man, that he cared about you, loved you like I do, and that he was 'immensely proud,' of you."
“No, it is important to me," Castiel explains, walking patiently to stand in front of the old, inactive television, "I’ve taken time to consider your question, of how I know for a fact that what I am experiencing is romantic love - I even consulted other humans on the matter -”
, he mouths against Cas’ palm - he finds these words exponentially easier to form, and infinitely easier to repeat, now that it’s mostly silent,
Dean’s face is getting hot again with something akin to embarrassment - maybe more pleasant, though - anyway, he doesn’t stop Cas from saying more.
“It’s all in here,” he answers, loosening his tie until it takes off into the sky, then pulling open and apart his layers, and moving his spread hands over his exposed skin like something may come tumbling out of his chest, “it began with twitches, tics I couldn’t control, a feeling of feverishness, chills, then the heart - it’s thudding violently, it hasn’t stopped in what feels like ages, and the lungs are constricting, I feel buzzing under my skin, like I need to escape it at once, that I am being pushed out, or dying, there is this inescapable
Flustered, Castiel buckles, and is appropriately defensive when he tells Dean, “look, I've never had occasion, okay? Angels don’t - we don’t exist in these types of forms, usually. Pleasures of the flesh are for humans, and it’s - it’s not exactly as though I’ve had substantial time to spend recreationally on Earth.”
The closest thing he can remember is how it felt to be hugged by his mother - that it is a similar, though still very different warmth that is traded between them. It’s something to do with the ease with which it comes; it was easy to hug his mother, she took care of him, protected him, was always kind, and soft, and her love for him was instinctive, and powerful.
He looks at her grumpily from under his brow, "I'm not a singer, Claire, I have never had need for proficiency in -"
Praying/Mind-sharing, Fingers In My Mouth Friday, Face-fucking, Blowjobs, Drunk on Endorphins, Dom!Cas Vibes, Outdoor Sex, Sex ON the Impala, Dean Being Drunk On Lust Makes Him Kinda Dumb, Cas Being Possessive, Dirty Talk, a little bit of Hair Pulling, Praise Kink, Body Worship, Mentions of Anna, Misuse of Grace for Sexual Satisfaction and uhhhhh other stuff, I'm sure
Sam snorts a laugh, Dean tosses a glare at him, and then settles gentle, if a little nervous, eyes back on Castiel.
The bunker is kept by him, and another two hunters that had nowhere else to go, ultimately; Shaw and Leslie. They usually accompany him, but he requested to hunt alone, which he does sporadically, and they respect his wishes.
Swallowing roughly, Sam thinks simultaneously that Castiel is correct in his assessment, and also that it’s still too harsh an indictment of his brother.
“Is this a good idea?” he inquires, scrutinizing Dean’s face, “Is this - I mean, is it gonna make you worse?”
“When I rescued you, Dean, I branded you with divinity,” Castiel explains, crouching so they’re at eye-level with one another again, “Your very DNA carries the last vestiges of my Grace in it.”
“Sam is a good man, in no small part because of you, and I want him to know that I cared for him very deeply, and that I am so
Dean hears himself make some kind of noise - he can’t tell what it is, because there’s too much blood rushing in his skull - there’s
She laughs wetly from over his shoulder, and she mutters, "you're not my dad, obviously. And you're not Cas. But... it's close. Do you know what I mean?"
to get out of the throngs of people migrating toward the backyard, drinking and trading stories and updates over clinking bottles in the house, but eventually Jody and Dean make it out with Sam and Eileen none the wiser.
Dean looks down at his glowing chest and touches at it, as if he’ll feel an opening labeled 'angelic deposits,' there.
"Sometimes I think I wanna forget 'im," Dean confesses to her, "Like, this would all be easier if I could just - throw it away. Cause carrying it is so much fucking harder..."
Dean ignores how hot his face is, and tries to ignore his future self’s incendiary glare even a fraction as much.
“Say it one more time,” Dean commanded, though it came out as a plea, “I w - I need it. Need to hear it.”
His hand shakes as he puts the tape in, and he unfolds the piece of paper that has the soundtrack written on it as it begins.
“You cannot know that. He is quick to anger, particularly when faced with something unfamiliar. He has started bar fights for less.”
Castiel moves as though to get up and off Dean, and while some dwindling higher function of Dean’s brain reminds him that that is what he’d wanted to accomplish when pushing Castiel away, his body has other ideas, and has already decided on its turn at the intersection.
Sometimes, if he tries hard enough, focuses enough energy, he can feel that Cas kissing him, feel that Cas’ heart thrumming away, hear the way his voice rolled through contractions more easily than the Castiel he knows in his own time, taste him like clementine, hear him in the breath between lightning striking and thunder clapping, and in the midnight hour, Dean can even feel him there in his arms, like a phantom limb.
This fic is gonna have Top!Dean in the next chapter. I am a Bottom!Dean truther, but for the sake of the fic, i don't think my dude is ready for that yet lol
He's recovering his footing from a fatal blow to his neck by her razor-like tongue, and his ash-covered hands, searching for purchase, smear soot across the surface of her lower half, and the top half of her torso crumples down to the ground, unable to rejoin the bottom half of her body, seemingly because of the ash there.
“We were on a supply run, easy enough, but - Lisa was not doing well, mentally. None of us were - or, are, even - but, she in particular… she was petrified. Constantly. And it impaired her judgement at times, dulled her senses, and often slowed her reactions. Normally, she and Ben would have been left at camp, but we’d lost four men on the last perimeter hunt, and we needed hands. I didn’t think it wise, but you thought I was being ‘petty,’ and ‘childish.’ They weren’t supposed to do anything, really, other than carry groceries, so -”
But there’s the enduring thought of all that tan, unseen, unknown flesh clumsily wrapped under all those layers, just waiting to be discovered and pleasured in a way Castiel can very hardly comprehend or anticipate.
; he knows what it feels like to be desired, to turn someone else on, to be wanted, but he's never before known what it's like to feel...
With a just-audible intake, Cas’ back straightens - there’s something about the way he holds himself from head to toe that just shifts, and he’s Castiel again, Angel of the Lord, Messenger of God - a warrior of Heaven. Not to be fucked with, and not to be brushed aside - no fuckin’ burn-out either.
Exhaling a laugh, Dean brings them to a stop, and explains, “okay - I’m gonna show you how it’s done, alright? Then I’ll lead.”
His heart skips a beat, like he's a pining high schooler, and he feels pathetic, embarrassed by his own emotions, but it also feels like the average teen emotion he never got to feel.
Shaking his head, throat bobbing on a swallow, Dean fights him with a pathetic whisper of a voice, “d-don't do this, Cas. We can find a way out of this, there’s
“Hi,” she greets politely, reading nonverbal cues from Dean that he’s not there for himself, and she refocuses on Castiel, “What's your name?”
“Well, no offense, Cas, but how could you know that?” Sam asks, raising a brow at him, “You have no point of reference. And the good news is that it wouldn’t make your feelings any less valid, or real, and you would not be the first person to have a crush on Dean, and, you know… if it’s just a crush, that’d be good for you, right? No eternity with all that weighing you down.”
“I like this,” Castiel informs him, biting into and pulling on Dean’s lower lip, releasing and then licking over it, “I like kissing you, Dean.”
“Wow,” he says encouragingly, “Is that kismet or what, buddy? Well, he likes you, you like him, so dayenu.”
The very unfamiliar sensation of facial scruff isn’t off-putting the way Dean feared it may be, and while decidedly un-glossed, Castiel’s oval lips are just dry enough to pull more than slide against his, which is nicer than it has any right being.
“... I’m not trying to be a dick, I’m trying to give you permission to talk about it. With me, I mean. I - maybe I can help, you know?” Sam explains, rubbing at the back of his neck a little uncomfortably, “Talk to me about what you’re feeling - maybe it’s not even what you think it is.”
Dean thinks they're sweet together; Eileen huddles close to Sam the whole drive (not like Sam isn't visibly thrilled about that), and Dean doesn't begrudge him his love one bit.
“Well, when you get back home—you say 'yes.’ You hear me?” his counterpart insists, “Say 'yes,' to Michael.”
“Christ, Cas,” he says as if he’s complaining - his chest constricts so tightly when Castiel says shit like that, he can’t help it.
Dean's shoulders fall, he lets his head fall back while he draws a deep breath, and then he rolls his head back forward, and stares down into the suds.
He hiccups a half-sob, shrugs, holds his head in hands again, and tells her wetly, "I dunno how the fuck I'm ever gonna be happy without him now, Jody."
The rage rises again, but Dean knows it’s just the mask his fear wears, so it’s fear - it’s fear that’s climbing up from the soles of his feet, to the pounding at the crown of his head, it’s fear that something terrible is happening - that Castiel is going away.
“Shut the fuck up, Cas, it was a figure of speech,” Future Dean inserts, making Dean’s head twist to him in secondhand offense, but his attention is back on Risa, “We don't have to find Lucifer. We know where he is. The demon that we caught last week - he was one of the big guy's entourage. He knew.”
When Castiel clearly doesn't understand what 'tapping equipment,' might mean, Sam specifies, "it's so we're able to hear into a room from far away, to spy on suspects. He's in the parking lot, listening to us talk through wires."
Squeezing his eyes closed so he doesn't give himself away, he chokes down whatever emotion's building behind his face, and shakes his head, even though he does know what she means.
They both tell her that she can call either of them anytime, but they know she won't, and they all sit in the heavy silence for a few beats before she speaks again.
Stalling in the doorway, Dean allows his future self only a moment to speak, but his resolve to go after Cas won’t be broken.
He tilts his head up, wonders at how bright Cas’ eyes are that they’re not shadowed in the encroaching night, or even by his position over Dean.
There’s a long silence, and by the sad way Cas is staring at him, and the way his future self’s hackles are raised, he realizes what they mean -
“Oh - it’s Natalie,” Sam lets them know, “She wants eyes on the dance floor for a minute - I’ll take care of it - Cas, you’re doing great, don’t stop practicing!”
“That sounds demeaning and possibly nautical in origin,” Castiel frowns, “It’s largely a chosen profession, I’m only wondering if you are an anomaly. Is it that you are extraordinarily self-aware?”
Terrified, Dean pushes back on Castiel; his higher brain functions are failing, and he knows he won’t be able to articulate why they need to stop what they’re doing, that Castiel might mistake Dean’s fear for anger (more importantly that Dean might mistake his fear for anger), but before anything can even be said, he finds that he’s pushed too hard.
All he can hear now is Castiel’s fine humming, the rustle of their clothes, his own hard huffing, and the hot, wet slide of their tongues.
It wasn’t so long ago that Dean let Castiel walk away, that he was cruel, and cold to him, and even less time has passed since he stumbled to the ground, begging for Castiel to forgive him, to know his regret -
Dean’s eyes flash up into Cas’ again, and it’s Cas who breaks first and shuts his eyes, putting space between them that Dean immediately hates.
He turns back to Castiel, ready to fall to his knees and beg him to make it stop, that he can’t say goodbye again, that he won’t, but all the words get stuck his throat because Castiel is still smiling tearfully, looking at him like he’s something remarkable.
“I repaired a guitar for you,” Cas tells him softly, scratching at his own forearm with dull nails, “It was the first time I’d actively tried at fixing anything in… a long time. We figured out how to sing some of your most favorite songs with it. She played it better than you, but it still stung that you let her touch it at all.”
“It’s alright, Cas,” Dean finds himself answering, eyelids heavy, his knuckles going white, “do what you want.”
Seeing Castiel smiling down at a lyre, dressed down, with stupid dress socks on, singing softly - it's troublingly disarming.
The Winchesters jump in unison, both with hands on their guns faster than should be possible. They both visibly relax again, though, when they realize it’s only Castiel interrupting.
, is almost what Dean says, but he catches himself in time to replace it with; “God, you always talk sweet to me like that?”
Castiel must catch onto that Sam has no idea what to say, and so he saves Sam the trouble by simply telling him, "thank you, Sam. This has been... enlightening. Your counsel is invaluable to me, and you've given me much to contemplate."
“I am not permitted back, Dean,” Cas tells him, looking at him in some bizarre mix of dark bemusement and genuine mourning, “I chose you. They cast me away for it. I am not an Angel anymore, but that does not mean I am a human. I don’t have a soul. I never had one. I am a collection of memories and impressions now, just without celestial power, but nothing else. Tomorrow, I will cease to exist altogether, I believe. There is nothing of which I am made, to go anywhere else.”
At first watching Risa and the Dean of his own timeline volley back and forth like a tennis match, Cas decides to intervene again, simply stating, “our fearless leader, I'm afraid, is all too well schooled in the art of getting to the truth.”
Undeterred, Castiel carries on, “this construct of virginity - you know it is only powerful in magick and religion because it holds inane, and incongruous social power. Why would sexual relations be significant to experience before I cease existing?”
Casting his eyes about, Castiel looks for where Dean may be, and Sam smiles apologetically at him, gesturing with a small handheld radio, "he's - that's why I tried to stop you, Cas. We're, uh... we're testing our tapping equipment."
As if white noise is taking up all the space in his skull, Dean finds he can’t string together a single sentence, there are no words at his disposal, not even a coherent thought.
It’s so childish, Dean wants to scream - every time Castiel leaves, every time he goes away, slips into another plane, it’s death of a thousand cuts, another burning at the stakes, and he fears the vacuum Castiel leaves in his wake.
“Oh, good,” Cas remarks facetiously, fatigue apparent across his face as he regards the map, “it's right in the middle of a hot zone.”
with ragged breaths and jarring, stuttered thrusts that are literally shaking a fault-line into the crust of the East coast.
"I wondered, ever since I took that burden, that curse, I wondered what it could be?” Castiel posits, casual as anything, his eyes unmoving from Dean’s face, “What my true happiness could even look like, how it might be different from any other happinesses, or what the nature of true versus false happiness might be, if I’d recognize it when it came.”
“Okay,” Dean murmurs softly, going cross-eyed where he’s focused on their proximity, gently guiding Castiel toward him with that shaky hand on his neck while he tilts his head and closes in, “come’ere.”
. I cared about you, and so I cared about Sam, I cared about Claire, I cared about Jack… Dean, I cared about the whole
The way Castiel shrugs, as if he doesn't even know the answer to that question, makes Dean momentarily cross-eyed with aggravation.
So that he can look up at the night sky, he rolls from his side onto his back, and gazes up at the stars.
Swallowing nervously, Cas juts his chin out, still looking half-manic, “ours. Yours and mine. A bed we shared. And clearly, he didn’t tell you about that, so I misspoke. If he didn’t tell you, it’s because he didn’t want you to know. And I’m not surprised he doesn’t want you to know. I think he’d give just about anything to forget it all himself.”
He licks up Castiel’s forearm to the cuff of his sleeve, cuts his teeth at the cufflink there and pulls until it snaps off; Castiel’s breath is coming in appealingly shallow, and he’s hard enough to drill diamond where he’s pressed against Dean.
Predictably, Castiel doesn’t pick up on the social nuance; he appears to consider his answer before stating concisely, “arid,” and setting a clay jar on the rickety table.
"Are you telling me you made a bargain with your life that you didn't even fully understand the stipulations for?"
Claire stops herself, and she, Kaia, and Sam trade meaningful glances that Dean politely pretends he doesn't notice.
, Dean’s body demands, as consciously he’s fighting to keep his teeth in check enough that he doesn’t break Castiel’s skin,
Developing some mean whiplash, Dean’s head swivels again, back to Cas, unused to hearing him curse so dismissively, and particularly at him.
“He… he took from me. He took comfort, and platitudes, and whatever else I could dish out to keep him from wandering into fuckn’ traffic, okay? He took it all, and he shut me out. I don’t even mind the taking. It’s that - when I needed him, he wasn’t there. Not in his own head anymore. And, after Lisa -”
The other ten or so Angels in the group hold their blades out and up, shout the same declaration, then all vanish in less than a blink of the eye.
He hesitates, unsure of whether he’s been led, half-cocked, on a leash to some warped conclusion; he’s considering backing out and away from the confrontation altogether - but Cas can see something in his expression, and the air changes.
The air is full of fireflies, the sky is getting dark, and from somewhere further off to the East, he hears the rumbling of thunder.
Apparently his counterpart has no problem brushing off Cas’ weird human charm, though - he doesn’t ease up at all.
“Nah, it’s fine, man. You’ve got it,” Dean assures him, “Now that you know how to, you gonna ask that girl to dance?”
Despite his thoughts feeling like an overturned box labeled ‘miscellaneous,’ he somehow manages to land back on Anna, and when it occurs to him what Castiel said, he winces.
Claire is wiping tears quickly away from her face when she turns toward Dean again, handing him the USB, the cassette, and a piece of torn paper with the song list on it; Dean tucks it all into his jacket pockets in a rush.
She gives him a generous smile, and he clicks his glass with hers, “well, cheers to you,” he tells her, and he means it.
Padding gently across the floor, passing the foot of the bed, his back turned to Sam, Dean trails his fingertips over the hospital corners, and wonders if Cas tucked the sheets in himself, or just never loosened them.
They both hear a car door shut from beyond the motel door, and then the cadence of Dean's boots stomping nearer - the panic is instantaneous, and palpable.
Dean almost immediately regrets telling Sam; Sam's eyes are round, and swimming, and the center of his face is red where he's clearly trying to hold back tears.
“Uh - ‘fuck?’ We yell ‘fuck’ a lot,” Sam offers, thinking it will be very funny to hear Castiel screaming ‘fuck,’ at the sky, “it’s a catch-all! Just remember to breathe in your fear, and then yell it out, throw your voice as far away from you as you can - you’ll feel better, I promise!”
“Yeah, man,” Dean answers simply, “I wouldn’t know where to find ‘em, honestly, but I know they’ve got establishments too.”
okay - does anyone know? I didn't even think to - God, we should hold some kind of ceremony or something, don't you think? Let people know? Just take a day to honor his memory or -"
He's more than a little astonished that Castiel so willingly opens his mouth, but then, Dean can't really control how forceful he's being, but it doesn't appear to matter - Cas groans against him in a way that sends sparklers up his spine, and hot blood past his belt, and he's a long, long way from stopping now.
Uncaring about just about everything else, he wipes his hand on his own jeans, then pushes at Castiel’s stupidly tough thighs, framing his crotch with spread palms, and he doesn’t allow himself time to (over)think.
Purgatory was petrifying, and Castiel chose to stay, to repent, and he must have cried. He must have shaken, he must have ached in his heart the way humans do, and Dean -
Much later, he’s hesitating near the door of what was, unofficially, Castiel’s bedroom, staring at it long enough that it doesn't visually register or make sense anymore.
They’re somewhere new, now - it’s most certainly a cathedral, but Sam doesn’t recognize it. It feels ancient, though, and based on the moldings and marble, he thinks they may be somewhere in Western Europe.
Smiling at her like they’re in on some joke together that she’s just told the punchline of, he intones, “Chastity.”
When Dean’s counterpart doesn’t answer, Cas tilts his head in intrigue, still held up by the front collar of his shirt, and he adds curiously, “... you think I’ll go back to Heaven. Without you.”
“No,” Castiel answers, crumpled and despairing, “I feel regret. I feel regret about you. And what I did to Sam.”
The scraping of their scruff as they kiss, and the increasingly labored breaths they’re both making are the only noises in the Impala.
Still shaking his head in disbelief, Dean repeats, "that's not - this can't be real. You're not really here."
Without answering, Castiel asks that he be more specific by turning toward him and quirking a brow up.
He can't look long at trench coats, or blue eyes, he can't step into a Gas n' Sip, he can't leave the passenger seat unoccupied, he can't watch
He knows that his future self couldn’t stop punishing himself, and refused to stop punishing Cas, and that self-hatred bled onto everything, poisoned the water, and ruined the last beautiful thing on Earth.
Dean doesn’t see a way of winning the argument, so he kicks dirt into Sam’s hair, and leaves him to finish burying.
Dean’s heart jumps hard into the roof of his fuckin’ mouth when Cas tugs on his jacket, getting him to lean down the inch or two that holds him above Cas; Cas runs his wide, oval lips across the turn of Dean’s jaw, and they tickle his ear when Cas whispers, “if there is
It's such a sweet sentiment, Sam comes up short; Castiel can't fathom why it is that Sam has been trying to get him to stop talking, but before Sam can interrupt him again, he adds, "please, Sam, this is…" he glances down at his dress shoes, "... it’s important to me. I want to tell you.”
Hoping to dissuade Castiel from what is sounding more and more like a kamikaze mission, Dean requests, “tell me something; you keep saying we're gonna trap this guy. Isn't that kinda like... trapping a hurricane with a butterfly net?”
After a perfectly wonderful woman named Karina leaves Sam and Eileen's place unescorted by Dean, Sam literally throws his arms in the air, and declares, "okay, we officially need to talk about this, Dean."
He doesn't know when that happened, only that it's true; there was a life before Castiel, Angel of the Lord, watched over him, came to his aid, pledged his loyalty, and listened to his prayers.
To his general relief, Chastity appears to be unharmed (as do all the on-lookers), but to his mounting concern, she looks livid, throwing her arms around, marching down the hall, away from her opening door.
Dean steps back and away, and they wait for the band’s dreamy rendition of The Way You Look Tonight to end before proceeding.
That was so many lifetimes ago, but Dean remembers the intensity of Castiel’s eyes in the dark of that kitchen, he remembers how closely Castiel prowled near him, unwilling to surrender his point.
Dean finds himself hosting other hunters that pass through - sometimes they come alone, some in pairs, some in big, loud groups, and the bunker continues to be a safe haven for them all. It's a hub, and he finds he prefers company other than his own because it keeps him from traipsing into the darker caverns of his mind, but he doesn't seek it out.
“I know how you see yourself, Dean,” Castiel tells him, “I know you see yourself the same way our enemies see you. You tell yourself that you're destructive, and you're angry, and you're broken - you're ‘daddy's blunt instrument.’ And you think that hate and anger, that that's... what drives you, that it’s who you are, or all you are…” Castiel shakes his head, and Dean struggles to swallow around a lump in his throat, “it's not. And all those that really know you, they see you for who you really are.”
Dean watches him fidget, but otherwise gives him time to respond without breathing down his neck for answers.
Oral sex is something Dean is very proficient in, but he's never dealt with something other than a vulva - he knew giving head to a dick was called a 'job,' for a reason, but the pain in his mandible and the focus required to keep breathing evenly isn't as off-putting as he feared it may be. Dean's always liked work he has to really put his back into, and this - this is suiting him. It's suiting him better than he thinks he may ever be able to admit, even to himself.
How is he supposed to listen to Led Zeppelin again, how is he supposed to drive in Baby with the passenger seat unoccupied when he knows no one will miraculously appear there in the fraction of a second it takes to blink an eye?
“Sure! Yeah!” Sam answers sort of unhelpfully, more hoping for than guaranteeing the method, “Humans do it a lot! It’ll work!”
As if Sam slapped him, Castiel looks at him severely and swiftly, his eyes flashing like the beam of a lighthouse through a dark fog, “this is serious, Sam. Of all the ways I have failed you and your brother, this is my most dire mistake.”
Because Cas’ full lips press in, but so does his tongue; before Dean can even secure his footing, Cas makes his loose hold on the lapels go tight, licking up into Dean’s mouth without hesitation or mercy.
He’s glad Cas decides against smiling at him in that awful way he smiles in this time; he looks overwhelmed instead, actually, and there’s still twinkling lights between his lashes where tears have yet to fall.
With vague disapproval, Castiel looks up at him with an expression that warns him to tread very carefully with his next words.
Like a fucking child, Sam folds until he's seated on the floor, backlit by the hallway, holding his head in both his hands, and it's hard for Dean to look at him.
“Well, how do you feel when he walks in a room?” Sam interviews, starting Castiel on the easy stuff.
As though reporting for a briefing, Castiel clearly fights the urge to look to Dean’s future self for approval, and looks straight at Dean instead when he responds assuredly, “I think the greatest error is not in Sam saying ‘yes,’ to Lucifer, or your denial of Michael. I think these events were set into motion when you and Sam split ways.”
"I'm sure there are spells for that sort of thing," Jody offers, not outright disapprovingly, but certainly discouraging, "Selective memory loss, or suppression."
Unperturbed by the suggested advance, Castiel strips off the jacket, lets it fall where his trench coat lies, and grips at the back of Dean’s hair as he arches over him, making drawn out, pleased, little vocalizations every few moments when and where Dean sucks bruises into him.
“Dean, you did not pick me from a reject pile,” he tells the elder, “I chose you as my champion. And it was never a mistake.”
"What did he think Dean would like on a mix?" Sam inquires, smirking, "Any Meatloaf rock ballads on there?"
Gently, kindly he says it - the barometric pressure in the room shifts so violently that Dean feels his ears pop, it's ice water thrown over his head, and he's lost at sea - it feels like a departure from all Castiel had been saying before, he can hardly remember where they are or why.
“Oh, my love,” is moaned into Dean’s neck by the same mouth licking tears from his face as he’s rocked into worshipfully, hands reveling across his torso and hips, “my one. My only - only.”
Ten minutes of solitary marching finds Dean across the campus near cars he would’ve thought were defunct if they weren’t packed up, looking ready for deployment.
His body is ahead of his brain again; in an instant, he’s on his knees in the grass, unbuckling Castiel’s dress pants.
Rather than trying to verbalize anything near an answer, or even acknowledge that Jody has said anything to him at all, he slides out of the car, and drunkenly stomps out into the field with his mostly-empty beer bottle.
This is the fucking issue - because, unlike other losses Dean has suffered, when Castiel goes away, he takes shit with him.
Before Dean can get anymore out, Castiel reaches for his left-side cheek, cups that side of his face, and spreads a cooling sensation that knits the skin back together neatly and cleanly.
“You and I can interact on several planes at once," Castiel mutters, as though that clarifies anything at all, "Because of our bond, Dean, you and I need not be alone in ourselves.”
"I don't need you to understand," Dean tells him, "I just - I choose this. I choose him. Okay? I'm not gonna make a different life, and leave the old one behind, I won't, and I can't. And I'm okay with my choices, alright? So... are we good?"
Blood is quickly leaving Dean’s skull, interests lying decidedly lower down his body, and with little to no oxygen making it to his head, he unconsciously bothers at Castiel’s suit jacket, compelled by instinct.
Dean tries his best to scowl, but he gets the feeling he isn’t visually very intimidating from down on one knee, with his cheeks pushed up by his eyes.
“Dean, I know,” Castiel repeats placatingly, “I understand that this would be a favor. I cannot guarantee that I will live to repay it, but - I think I would like to be kissed. If your offer stands. I’d never ask more of you than you are willing to give.”
“Yes, you are,” Castiel reinforces, eyes flickering between Dean’s, “You do know I would follow your lead anywhere, don’t you?”
Castiel’s eyes move under his lids for a moment like he’s searching, or dreaming, but then they’re wide open, and he’s shuddering a breath, “no - no. I don’t want to do this anymore.”
They stare at each other for a few beats, and the Angel is looking ready to speak, his lips even part, he takes a small inhale, but then his jaw tightens, and he looks away, “no. I can’t. It’s embarrassing.”
He's embarrassed about it, but he finds himself moaning around Castiel, licking, and sucking him down in a way that has him quite literally choosing Castiel's cock over air; whenever he leans back, draws back even a little, Castiel's fingers tense up in his hair, like he's scared it's going to end, and Dean's face is so warm, blushing from the attention.
The memories of his time-travel are fraught and uncomfortable. He doesn’t know what to make of them, he doesn’t know what to make of himself, but he knows that kissing even women he loved deeply and truly never felt like that kiss with Cas. That kissing never felt so right until it was Cas he was kissing, and that’s - too much. It’s too much to acknowledge, so he doesn’t.
“It’s a shame you don’t know how to dance, though,” Sam interjects, seeing by the vein throbbing in his forehead that Dean is about to start shouting about beautiful women and Cas’ ineptitudes, “I could teach you, if you want.”
When everyone else is well-fed, and passed out in their respective, borrowed rooms, he sits up in the Great Room, spends two hours cleaning his band with white vinegar, and polishing it until it's shining again.
“I loved being in Baby with you,” Castiel admits, his smile growing even as teardrops fall from the turn of his jaw, “That is where my Heaven would be, Dean, if I could have one. If I could have a paradise of my own, for my own immortal soul had I one, that’s where I would go. I would be in the passenger’s seat of Baby, you’d drive with the windows down, and long stretches of road ahead of us.”
“No, Cas, not -” Sam bites the inside of his cheek, then starts over, “Look, it’s not ideal, I get that, but it’s not the worst thing either, okay? Dean would never be mad at you about something like this -”
,” Dean complains, half-imagining being able to move Castiel around, get on top of him, give them both more.
“You?” Castiel sounds disbelieving, and while Dean can feel eyes boring into him, he can’t manage to make eye-contact, “You would do that for me?”
“What?” Dean asks in a rough whisper, heart jumping into his very dry throat, time slowing to nearly a halt, “Why’d you call me that?”
People are growing nearer - there’s chatter, the sound of water sloshing in buckets, a hose starting up, but Cas can’t seem to look away from him.
Cas’ suit is sharp, pressed, striking, and he’s wearing a cerulean blue tie that has everyone meeting eyes with him coming up short. Predictably, he doesn’t know what to do with the attention, so he mostly apologizes awkwardly for those he seems to startle and thanks the handsy old ladies that liken him to long dead husbands.
i am new to the spn fandom still and so i am submitting my obligatory Free To Be You And Me Episode AU
Jody is still adjusting the steering wheel when he pulls the cassette out of his pocket, and reads in neat sharpie;
He doesn’t like asking for help - certainly not outright like he just has, but he’s trying. He’s trying to be better.
“Okay, so you’re mostly a guy,” Dean says as though he understands - which he doesn’t, but he figures he doesn’t need to understand it so long as he can respect it, “Are you… a gay guy?”
Inspired gaze still stuck on Dean, Cas seems unbothered by the derogation, and so Dean smirks down at him and asks casually, “you a slut, Cas?”
“I’m a soldier, Dean. A Commander, actually. When I delivered you to the convent where Sam and Ruby were against the wishes of Heaven, I chose you. I pledged my allegiance to an Earthly King over an absent God, and I knew what I was doing when I did,” their steps slow down as Dean takes that in, “All I knew was that… I had faith in you.”
It’s weird - watching himself want something so bad, that’s so readily available if he just stopped doing whatever song and dance here he’s insisting on.
He wants to take from Dean, he could take whatever he wants whenever he wants, but all that he wants is only what Dean would give him gladly, and it's so simultaneously hungry and desperate, but selfless and controlled, Dean's astonished by it.
It’s the last either of them hear from or see Cas for a full week, even though Dean texts Castiel at least three times (that Sam sees).
,” he gestures sharply, “He’s gonna just - walk right up to death to buy you time, and you’re gonna let your last conversation end like that? After seeing what it did to Sam after Dad died? Seriously?”
He sounds so weak, Dean is genuinely disgusted. He wishes he knew why despair and pity always turned to rage inside him - he’d give a lot to just process normal emotions into something other than anger.
Wide-eyed, Cas trips on his own feet trying to back away; Dean covers the steps until Cas’ ass has hit the edge of the truck bed again.
him to! Happiness that was not meant for me in the first place hinges on a man that likens me to a multitool! Were you not here with me, I might have thought I’d been dragged into Hell! That Dean stay just out of my reach at this terrible realization, and cause these horrible - t-tectonic shifts in me! Oh, this is a
If he tries sleeping in the great room, he’s kept up too by the sound of Castiel’s footsteps on the stairs. If he cracks an eye open in the thick of the witching hours, he sometimes manages to snag just a glimpse of a tan, vented hem as it swishes up, and away from him.
Even and paced, Castiel and Dean take a few turns around the balcony, and Sam is impressed, informing Castiel that it took him a full week of practice to stop tripping over his own feet.
Another roll of thunder interrupts him, and he knows Jody is exiting Baby to follow after him, but he can't bring himself to care that she's seeing what she's seeing; he hears fireworks popping off in the distance, he can see the colors exploding over the tree-line, and he loses control.
Fed up, Dean’s counterpart shoves Cas down and back, stares at him angrily for a beat, then looks at his younger self.
Dean doesn’t get a chance to catch his breath; Castiel barely stops moving at all, hips stuttering, and breaths coming in hot and short, but they never actually stop; and stranger than that is that Dean feels decidedly unsatisfied.
Silence reigns as Dean tries his damnedest to break his knuckles across the drywall, punching, banging, and cursing until he's lost his breath, and sweat is beading at his temples.
. If he told me to run, I ran, and if he told me to reconsider, I did, and if he apologized to me, I believed him, even when I was being a dick and wouldn't forgive him right away, I believed him. And he told me that good things happen - he told me I deserved to be saved. And I... I don't believe that, myself, I can't - I can't even register that shit, but I believe him. I believe Cas. So, he says good things happen, and I believe him, and he says I deserve to be saved, that I deserve to be happy, and it's impossible for me to even begin to... to just... but I believe him. It's gotta be true, because Cas told me, and I believe him."
“Uhh - in the known universe?” Dean’s voice cracks; he looks out the windshield when Castiel’s gaze feels too heavy, “Yeah, dude. That’s… a lot.”
Like a roundhouse kick to the solar plexus, Dean thinks that this has to be it - this has to be when the fur goes flying, that shit has really hit the fan now, that some invisible line has finally been crossed with an insult like that, but Cas makes no movement.
"Hmm," Castiel hums thoughtfully, his eyes roaming out and upward through the windshield, "Well, I am sorry to have spoiled your evening and gift, Dean."
Castiel had retreated into himself, turned Dean away, was too prideful or regretful to ask for help when he needed it, and Dean - Dean hadn’t treated him well. In fact, in the time Castiel should have been asking Dean for help, Dean had mostly taken him for granted, silenced him when he tried to explain himself, or explain what he needed, and Cas had left him out in the cold, yeah, but he didn’t give chase.
“Oh," Sam pales, shoulders hunching in a strange way that Castiel doesn't recognize as a social cue, "I - Cas, you don’t have to -”
Smirking, though falling short of any real joy, trying to joke a little, Sam asks rhetorically, “it’s that bad being in love with Dean, huh?”
With two flutes of bubbly meant for Dean and himself, Cas crossed the great hall, seemed to be stopped by a gorgeous young woman with dark hair, in a low-cut dress and a very promising smirk, but whatever exchange happened left her dejected.
Scrubbing at his overgrown fringe, Cas sighs roughly and continues, “just a starved Croate - the one, at first. It barreled past you - other-you, I mean. Her reaction time was poor, she was always frozen, it wasn’t all in some grand blaze of glory, she died as any other human dies, and there wasn’t time to do anything about it. I wasn’t meant to take my guard off Ben, but the Croate wasn’t alone, and you hadn’t noticed. You hadn’t - you weren’t paying attention, because she was dying, and you’d killed the one that got to her, but there was another coming, and I - I left him. Just for a second, it wasn’t - I didn’t - your back was open, you weren’t - so, I left his side for just - I took - I -”
He tells himself that maybe it’s that Cas loved him still, despite the cruelty, the void that overtook him - maybe the rightness of kissing that Cas had something tangential to do with that his future self had become his own father who only knew how to love well someone who was already dead.
Growling and scowling like he’s in a bar fight, Dean’s future self snags the front of Cas’ shirt in his fist and pulls him forward.
Sighing, Cas unsticks his eyes from Dean, and looks to Dean’s future self again, “of course,” he says easily.
He’s terrified like he was as a kid, like he’s never known loss or monsters like The Empty, like he hasn’t done this a thousand times already, and he wants the comfort of Castiel near enough to him to touch; he’s never even allowed himself the thought of it, but he only just stops short of pleading for it.
"Gonna let me fuck you, Cas?" Dean inquires against his lips - Castiel has gotten very good at kissing him back, in a very short amount of time.
Mood shifting from bleak regret to dizzy confusion, Dean cocks a brow at Castiel from the driver’s seat, and asks, “... what?”
Taking a step more toward him, Castiel straightens himself out, not to be severe, but holding himself in a way that has always meant ‘do not question me.’
,” his voice cracks; he’s miserable, but it occurs to him that he’d still rather be here than anywhere else.
He taps at his temple, and tells Castiel, “I don’t go snoopin’ in there, and you shouldn’t either, ‘cause I know the guy who runs that place, and he’s a dick.”
“Kissing is marvelous,” Castiel tells him decidedly, his thumbs still touching at Dean’s bottom lip.
He doesn't remember that life, though. And while there was a life before Castiel, Dean fears in his bones that there is no life After Castiel.
There are several families that drop by briefly, confused by the variety of attendees (and maybe alarmed at the rowdiness of the guests in the backyard), but their stories vary just as widely; he saved their baby, he found their lost dogs, cats, birds, and rabbits, he rescued an elder who'd fallen on subway tracks, he'd thrown himself between a woman and gunman, he'd volunteered to help fight wild fires, he healed a wound, restored a sense, he helped rebuild homes after a hurricane in record time, he bear-hugged a young man to keep him from jumping to his death.
Dean steps closer into Cas’ space, bringing them toe-to-toe and he finds himself staring down; he’d not realized Cas was shorter than him. It’s not by much, not really enough to be remarked upon, even, but it means that Cas winds up looking up at him from under the cover of long, dark lashes, and even in the dark of the night, his eyes shine like twinkling gems.
“When you like someone as more than a friend, but the feeling passes with time, and then you feel better. It can feel like love, but it’s temporary.”
At Sam’s behest, Dean and Cas follow him across the great hall, out onto a spacious balcony, out of the way of most everyone. Double glass doors lead out to it, and flowers line stone railing; no moon is visible from where they are in the mansion, but the sky is bright with stars, and that’s light enough.
"Oh yeah, I bet when monster-hunter, child-soldier Dean Winchester was sitting around in juvie sticking his gum under tables, and getting gunpowder residue in his teeth, he was dreaming of the day an inter-dimensional entity of unknowable power would roundhouse kick in the door of his life, and serenade him with a medieval love ditty, in a language he doesn't speak. Every little boy's dream."
“Are you aiming for pity here?” Future Dean asks Cas, possibly rhetorically, “‘Cause you’re missin’ by miles.”
And Castiel forgave him, and Castiel saved him, and he did it without asking for anything in return, and he did it without expectation of reward, and despite making it into his adulthood without having ever known unconditional loyalty and care like that, once he had it, he forgot how to live without it.
“You fucking creep! What the fuck! What the actual fuck! Get out! Fucking stalker! Get out of here! Fuck off!”
Nothing about this winds up being offensive to his senses like he might have imagined; Castiel's musk is thick there, but smells like the rest of him. It's just stronger - ozone, cider, whipping wind over cold, breaking waves. Something downy. And his skin - it just tastes like clean skin. Smooth, warm like satin pulled over stone. The sensations are... nicer than Dean would have predicted them to be.
- "He was so proud of you, he never forgave himself for taking your father away, for fucking up your life with the supernatural, but he loved you like his own family, and he wanted you to know that you helped him to grow, and be better, and kinder, and shit, and he hoped all your dreams come true."
“Not when he’s wanting something, I mean - imagine that you say something he thinks is funny, or interesting, and he smiles at you. How does it make you feel?”
“I would not trade a single moment of knowing you for anything in all of creation,” he tells Dean, his hold firm, and sure, “I am glad to have loved you, Dean. I’m happy you know it now. I wanted you to know - that I love you, and that I’m happy I love you, because you are a good man to love.”
“I want to wring you dry, Dean, of pleasure and of thought, and so give it to me, Dean - I want to take it from you.”
He sucks Castiel down as far as he can comfortably go - then further, massaging with his tongue as the hot, defined head of Castiel's cock fits snugly toward the back of his throat, and he swallows, flexing his throat around the head and pulsing vein of Castiel's cock.
“She - she was human when you shared yourself with her,” Castiel tries reminding him; then, seemingly without warning, Castiel's hands slide down around Dean's neck to the collar of his shirt, where he tears the tee open, leaving spit-shine on Dean’s lips and chin where he’s withdrawn his fingers.
the overdriven heart beating close against the skin Castiel has left exposed. It looks like a type of muscle cramp, but more dangerous, and lower than he thought hearts sat in the chest.
His future self looks to him, and before he can chicken out of it, he announces, “you’re just a bootleg John Winchester.”
"See, but then I'd lose him again, just in a different way, and I'd go back to whoever the fuck I was before I knew him, and I don't know that guy anymore - he was a good-for-nothing, dodgy little motherfucker whose ass I'd kick if I could now. I don't wanna forget 'im."
Dean's head snaps up too fast, and he makes himself dizzy, looking to Claire; her tone is heavy with implications, and there's no doubt about what she means when they meet eyes.
“If there was time, if I was strong enough, I'd - I'd fix him now,” Castiel promises, though Dean offers him very little in the way of a reaction to that, “... Dean, I just wanted to make amends before I am destroyed.”
Visibly inhaling as much as he can, Castiel looks up to the Heavens, grief-stricken, and Sam’s heart hurts for Cas as he screams into the storm, in a thousand voices, “
Snapping his mouth shut in an undeniably bitter way, Cas simply replies, “okay! Well, uh. I'll get the grunts moving, then.”
"I hold no ill-will for you, Dean Winchester," the same Angel tells him, her face stoic, but eyes watery, "I used to. I used to wonder why my brother would choose you over us. I used to think you had corrupted him. I did not know him well, all things told - he helped me learn to craft star clusters, and I fought under his command several times. I wish now that I had known him better. For all that I do not know, I would like to say that I do know one thing; you were worth more to him than Heaven, Earth, and all inhabitants of either. He did not betray us. He devoted himself to you. I may never understand it, but I respect it, and in truth, I admire it."
, like the kind of courting gift he didn't have time for as a piece-uh-shit teenager, it was made for someone else by his hand, someone special - special to
Castiel is a striking guy - Dean can appreciate that, objectively speaking, of course. That’s not a problem, really, Dean just thinks that the woman who eyes them is maybe too approachable. Not that his atypical, virginal friend should be considered out of anyone’s league.
"He said he would've done anything for a chance to just - make me happy. Forever. He said that he loved me."
How is he supposed to ignore the sound of bees buzzing, the booming of thunder, the striking of lightning, the shattering of glass, radio or television static?
Dean knows he’s being too cold when he only answers, “okay,” but he can’t help himself. He’s furious, and he knows he’s about to lose Cas, and it’s - this is all fucking unthinkable and fucking avoidable, and Cas didn’t come to him when he should have, but he knows damn well that he’s the one that made Cas feel like he couldn’t, and it all comes back to him and how he fucks up every beautiful thing that crosses his Godforsaken path.
"He was good - plain good, I mean," Dean starts, staring up at the incoming storm clashing with the fireworks, face sore and wet from crying and shouting, "He was an Angel, so, it's assumed, I guess, but there were a lot of them - most of them, actually, that were just... they just didn't give a shit about anything other than carrying out orders. And I mean, they were designed for that, you know? I get it, I get that part, but Cas... he was better than them. He was better than the whole of all of those fuckers put together. He cared more about kindness than he did approval, and doing what was right above what was wanted of him, and he was the best of them. Hands down. He was the best Heaven ever had to offer."
“I don’t know what the fuck happened in the last five years to change my mind, but yeah, I actually prefer the opinion of the stoner I trust over a torturer and murderer I barely recognize,
Sam looks on, awestruck, and Cas looks to him again with a grimace, “all of that said... does that sound like a crush to you?”
He's in the boonies of northern California, thinking he's hunting a vampire, because that's what the sightings and reports sound most like, but he quickly realizes that it's something he's not had to face before, and that he's likely out of his depths.
Taking Castiel by the shoulders, Dean turns him about-face, slams him against the driver’s side door with a thud, and kisses him hard.
There is a good chance that Castiel can hear Dean’s heart slamming away in the silence of the car, but Dean can't really tell over the buzz of panicked white noise in his head.
Late at night, he sometimes wonders what became of that Cas - he never saw with his own eyes what happened, so he finds himself catastrophizing a lot, rolling around in existential dread over it. Wondering if the Cas of that future died at the hands of Croates, or if he somehow survived the initial attack and went looking for Dean only to find him dead and/or gone and spirited away. If he spent time alone, all alone, wandering the diseased Earth without his designated human; without the love he so badly wanted to keep no matter how bad it was for him.
, I covered him with my battered shield, I cried out my victory loud enough to reach the Heavens - that Dean Winchester is saved - you must understand what I had done, why I was so... ecstatic," he recalls animatedly, gesticulating broadly, "Forty years, I had been searching for him. It's true that in the scope of my natural age, that is not comparatively significant, but four decades on a single mission in Hell is a long time for any being. I had fought for so long, so tirelessly, I had lost so many soldiers, so many who called me Commander or Brother, and
Pulling the Impala up into an overgrown field off the road, Dean parks, wondering where he might have access to the Kinsey scale or if that would only complicate things further; “what’s - I dunno, what’s like the
“I gave him an order, simple and clear, I told him to protect Ben, Lisa and I were relying on him -”
“Nothing?” he interrogates, looking back and forth between them, “You want me to believe that you two were canoodling out here and there was sudden spontaneous combustion and those things weren’t related at all?”
His brain still isn’t offering anything useful in way of imagining gay sex, gay sex with Castiel, or Castiel as a sexual being - but his body has decided it doesn’t need his brain online to rev the engine.
"I swear by everything, he wasn't there one second, and then the next -" Marc tells them, shaking his head, "I swear, I know it sounds crazy, but I was all alone up there. I'd planned it all out for weeks, I should've been alone, and I stepped off the ledge, and then I was being hugged from behind, and he said 'there's so much more.' I remember that - there was other stuff he said, but I must've been in shock or something, because I barely remember it, honestly. But I remember that. He said 'there's so much more, just hang on a little longer.' And he was right, of course. I was seventeen then, and I'm twenty-two now, and I'm in school, I've got a fiancee... I can't remember if I thanked him. I dunno what he was doing up there that night, but I thank him everyday for it, when I pray."
“They perhaps are disproportionate to your face, but there is certainly more to you than ears, and I don’t see the correlation to my ordeal.”
Neither of them say anything for a full minute - Cas looks as intact and perfect as the night they first met.
“No, Dean,” Castiel interjects, smiling sweetly, tears still streaming down his face, “You don’t. I love you.”
"Sam!" Dean snaps out in a growl, holding his head in his right hand again, his left hand situated on his hip; after a few beats, he sighs, "I'm sorry, Sam. I can't - I don't think I can do this -"
“I don’t know, but I’m - frightened!” Castiel confesses reluctantly, his coat fluttering wildly around him; it looks too as if there are colors in the air around Castiel, but Sam can’t identify any of them, “I didn’t want to be alone!”
He tamps down on the anger, and he pushes the hot block of it aside to see the fear it’s masking, and he knows instantly why this all feels wrong.
They’re all dressed to the nines, stuck at a posh wedding service until they solve this rogue Cupid case; it’s a low-risk case, but a case is a case, and they’ve got it well in hand.
Castiel comes down his throat, gasping low, husky, with his nimble fingers woven in Dean's hair and knees beginning to buckle, and Dean is so stupid with endorphins, he hardly registers it.
"I took your knife, Dean," Castiel reminds him, looking and sounding as if he's just as confounded by Dean's misunderstanding as Dean is by his standing in front of him, "To cut my hand, to make the sigil, when we last saw one another. I confiscated your knife, and failed to give it back to you before the Empty came. In all fairness, I had other things on my mind. You didn't notice?"
Preternaturally blue eyes, wide and slightly chapped lips, mussed raven hair, shattering glass, deep and masculine noises of pleasure, warm and smooth skin, long lashes, holy light, strong abs, hard muscle, statuesque profile, electrified wind, spontaneous power surges, expansive wings of shadow unfolding across another plane in flashes of lightning...
When Dean says nothing to that, Sam clears his throat and replies, "yeah. We wanted to do something, just - it's a lot..."
“Don’t say it again!” Cas orders, jumping to his feet, bending at the waist to cover his mouth with a firm hand.
Between his fingers, Dean can still feel the texture of that stupid fucking trench coat, he can still smell the bizarre ozone-and-apple-cider fragrance that followed some immense display of power, he can taste dirt in his mouth, dirt he broke the surface of when he found himself encircled by fallen trees.
, at the top of the pile; it's got sheets of paper in it, where - by what Dean can see of the scribbling - Cas was translating it.
In a world full of so much dark, and bad, Castiel has been this unrelenting light, full of child-like wonderment, silly ineptitudes, fondness for Dean that he’s convinced he’s never deserved, but wants to keep all the same. He’s filled some role in Dean’s life that Dean hadn’t even noticed was there to fill.
It’s adolescent of him, maybe, but Dean will often keep the car on when he’s hooking up with someone in the backseat, so that he can play music or something.
“Probably should,” Dean warns, dropping Castiel’s wrist so he can further loosen Castiel’s tie and pull open the rest of his shirt.
of you - in our bed - it was as if you wanted to hurt me until I lost my mind! Or maybe you’d hoped I’d have wandered off into the wild to die alone in the woods like some other domesticated creature that finds itself shoveled to the side of the road when it’s no longer of use!”
In a sudden, crashing, furious desperation, Dean clutches at Cas’ hips hard enough to bruise, hoisting him up onto the truck bed and standing between his legs where they spread for him.
"He was better than that," Dean grumbles, his voice failing him after so much alcohol, and yelling, "He was real. And he fucked up a lot. The stakes were high, and sometimes he fell on his fuckin' face, but he was real. And, Jody..."
Reverently, he replies, “you can’t. You can’t save me - but that you want to is so much more than enough.”
The way he felt limbless when his mother burned, when he couldn’t save her, when Sam chose Ruby and there was nothing he could do to change Sam’s mind, when Crowley took Lisa and Ben, when he couldn’t protect or heal Bobby, when The Roadhouse burned down, when he failed Ellen and Jo, when he lost Castiel - again, and again, and again -
He notes the difference - this is not crying. He has cried before, but it’s never been like this, it’s never made his stomach contract painfully, like his body is trying to purge him of the agony, and whatever he feels in his blood is more than grief, more than despair, some other beast he has no circle to keep safe from.
“That’s not fair,” escapes his constricted throat, “That’s fucked, Cas. How the Hell am I supposed to say ‘no,’ to that?”
The clouds overhead are a deep blue-grey, bloated with what promises to be torrential downpour, the sky and greenery are so shrouded and deep that Sam could have believed they were underwater.
“I need nothing more than what I have; one and only,” is what Cas said when Dean wept for the loss of his wings.
“The alternative being that you and I both are in the throes of a zombie apocalypse, but the suspension of your disbelief begins and ends at a random lightning strike?”
Frustrated over the mistreatment of what appears to be his only real, remaining friend, Dean challenges, “so, why don't you?”
Snorting, Dean feels his eyes get hot, and he watches in awe as Castiel looks down, and away, as though he's shy, and then he looks up at Dean from under his thick, dark lashes, flashing those sapphires at him like it doesn't leave Dean fucking spellbound.
That is, until Claire and Kaia are stopping by the bunker on their way to hunt a siren, wanting Dean's expertise and aid on said hunt, and so Sam insists on coming along, and Eileen wants to go, but Dean tells her she is 'Officially Too Pregnant,' to even think about thinking about hunting - and the jig is up.
There's suddenly so much for him to do, all of it fun, or ridiculous, or pleasant, or a long, long time coming. He's actually looking forward to it all.
There’s a gravelly, shocked breath when their crotches make contact, and Dean feels instantly as though he’s been hit over the head with a giant mallet - he's all turned around.
Praying his shocked gasp wasn’t audible to Sam, Dean just tries to hold on while Cas turns his head, bites Dean’s heavy bottom lip, and then pushes Dean’s mouth more open with his own, and then he drags his hot tongue against Dean’s, coming in broad, and soft.
“Now, we are going to die tomorrow, in all likelihood, and while this started off as bleakly funny in the way that everything and nothing is funny anymore, I have very considerately agreed to be your cannon fodder, and I do not intend to waste my last night on Earth watching you play with yourself.”
When Dean is left standing by the water, holding Castiel's ridiculous trench coat, it's all he can think of.
Curious, he looks up at Castiel and finds him staring down already - he looks dazed, lost, even tortured - it's beautiful.
“Really, Dean,” Castiel adds, squeezing Dean’s hand where they’re clasped; when that doesn’t work immediately, he takes advantage of a circling turn to near their faces - their noses almost bump, and Dean has no choice but to look into Castiel’s eyes, “I want you to know. You do know, don’t you?”
Dean stops interacting with newcomers after a seven year old girl tells him that "I got carried away by the ocean at the beach, and Mister Castle came, and he carried me back to my mom, and gave her a hug when she wouldn't stop crying, which was silly because I was fine."
Maybe concerned that Sam would misunderstand him, Castiel drops his hand, and looks up at Sam again to say, "I did not mind his fear of me, his misunderstanding, or even his unwarranted attacks on me. I arrived to him in a form I had never taken before, I know it was messy, clumsy, and still often is, and now it had bullet holes, it was singed, and stabbed, I was only just beginning to heal on other planes as well in ways he could not see, but I was standing before him at a frequency that he could see and hear me…”
anymore. It’s all incoherent muck in there anyway, the fuck do you care? You think he knows Sam better than me? Us?”
The momentary panic, and slowing of his senses by the copious amounts of alcohol allows his reflexes to slow enough that he doesn't fight his arm being pulled off to the side, and his whole body being shuffled into a bedroom. The door shuts behind him.
When no satisfying response comes, disgusted, Dean throws his arms up in the air, and turns to go after Cas, “unbelievable -”
Dean keeps thinking to himself that he wants rid of it all, to go live anywhere but the bunker, start fresh somewhere new, but then the realization that he would lose this - fucking shrine, or whatever, that he’s made of the bunker - it’s a hot brand to tender skin. He's as stuck as a ghost.
Pulling his face away so he can reposition his kiss-swollen lips over Dean’s panting mouth, he hooks his fore and middle finger around Dean’s bottom canine, pulling his mouth open more so he can lick inside, pull a tortured groan from Dean, and then rumble, “I like how you taste.”
Jumping in surprise where he's sitting on the edge of another anonymous motel bed, Sam turns to better face him, “Cas!" he smiles, "Where’ve you been, man?”
Walking around the front of the car, Castiel meets him by the left-most headlight, and brandishes a knife, passing it to him handle-first.
Head tilted fully back over the back of the seat, neck exposed, Dean swallows loudly; Castiel’s palms feel hot like brands against his shoulders, and his own hands curl into fists outside the straddle of Castiel’s legs, nails biting the skin to keep control of them.
were the fools for believing I would be alone here, but… I couldn’t save Sam. You were so angry with me.”
“Look around you, man! Half the planet's better than no planet, which is what we have now!” Future Dean shouts, “If I could do it over again, I'd say 'yes,' in a heartbeat.”
He was never the kid passing love notes, or dropping books to the floor out of nerves all because he met eyes with some beautiful girl from across the room.
“Did I… did I ever say it to you?” Dean inquires, voice coming out like a long stretch of gravel road.
Feeling brave, apparently, Cas scowls at his timeline’s Dean, and adds, “anyway, it’s easier for you to believe I’m a ‘slut,’ - a hedonistic addict - and I’ve never been in the business of making things more difficult for you, Dean, despite what you think of me. It’s easier for you to think I’m attention-seeking, or whatever best suits your narrative, and I’m uninterested in taking responsibility for whatever version of myself resides in your mind. I have enough of a job keeping my own mind.”
"I don't mean to make you uncomfortable," Castiel begins politely, "but Jack alluded to the idea that perhaps Heaven, for you, would not be entirely complete without my authentic revival, and so I've been... how would you say it? Sprung?"
“Brash,” Risa offers, crossing her arms more tightly over her chest, and adding resentfully in a way that is very apparently regarding something else, “Thoughtless.”
“You think I’m a fuckin’ idiot? I've tried! I've shouted 'yes,' at the void til I was blue in the face! The Angels aren't listening! They just—left—gave up! It's too late for me, but for you—”
“I am still repenting for having wronged him last, I can’t bear the thought of eternity with this inside me.”
The door to Cas' room stays closed, he breaks down the wall separating his room from the next so that he can have something of a master bedroom, and he spends time maintaining and renovating the place, and it's good. It keeps him busy.
“Cas -” Dean’s voice is strangled, it comes out so fucking small, and he doesn’t even know what he wants to say.
Letting out a high-pitched breath, Dean shakes his head, and announces, "you're in the Empty. You can't actually be here. You're not really here. This is - what, uh-uh an amalgamation of my memories of you, or something?"
"The shield I covered him with was the same one I had descended into Hell with, Sam. I was just as bloodied, and exhausted, frayed, and in need of rest, and I was so... I was so defeated, Sam," he admits with a shameful shake of his head, "I descended with no guarantee that I would ever break the surface again, never mind break it victorious, and after so much time, hope of victory slips away, memories of my home became indistinct, my purpose so shrouded and seemingly impossible that I questioned the divine task. I was alone and weak when I found him, and I could not tell you for how long I had been alone, separated from my garrison, I knew they had thrown themselves at the enemy in great, glorious waves, paving safer avenues for me to fly through, but that I had flown so far that I could not sense them? - I was hopeless... but when I saw Dean's soul - I recognized him instantly, and it was as though all my wounds had healed, all my pain gone dormant."
Garth and his family come, plenty of hunters Dean has known or met at least once over the years, and they all seem to know Castiel from one job or another.
, if he fucked all of Def Leppard at an outdoor Lynyrd Skynyrd concert while touring with Aerosmith, so I think we should just count ourselves lucky that he didn't choose, like, ancient latin chanting or something. I don't know most of the music he picked, so I couldn't get, like, quality recordings, but I can mail it to you. The cassette, I mean."
“Ahh,” he delays, rubbing the side of his neck, dutifully watching the road, “well, pleasure, for one thing - like, sensory-related pleasure. That’s always nice. When you’re feeling off-kilter, it can help make you feel balanced again, or if you’re feeling, like - scared, or something, it can make you feel safe. Sometimes it’s about that, you know? Sometimes sex is more about satisfying an emotional need.”
“I know what to do now,” Castiel intercepts, his jaw working in something close to nervousness, “The happiness - it’s never been in the having of it, because all I want is not really a thing to have, to own. It is an honest state of being. It’s in existing in it, living under the roof of it, I would be happy - truly happy - in just telling you.”
“Okay…” Sam begins, peaceful and reasonable, glancing between the bedroom door and Dean, “Does whatever is happening here have anything to do with you sleeping in the library?”
In a moment of silence between them, Dean follows Cas’ eyes to their clasped hands; Dean’s not sure what Cas is seeing, but whatever it is, it’s making Dean nervous.
Dean hadn’t changed - not enough. Because here he is again, here Castiel is again, dying, unwelcome in Heaven, on the cusp of vanishing from this plane of existence altogether, and Dean is angry.
Shifting closer so that he can put more body into it, Dean presses against Castiel’s lips with more force, and a shivering thrill runs through him when he hears and feels Castiel intake sharply.
The door isn’t marked, or anything, but there is an energy about and around it; a ghost of a memory, a phantom timelapse where, behind Dean’s eyes, he can still sense Castiel, as if Castiel is just behind the door.
"Yeah," she agrees vaguely, "Jody's got some ideas, though, about like, Angelic send-off's and stuff. Something traditional that he'd like."
The smooth skin of Castiel’s chest elicits an unprecedented physical reaction in Dean; he can’t explain it, but since he met the guy, Dean’s consistently had the reactions of a particularly repressed monk to the revelation of Castiel’s skin. Which is not like him; he’s never minded nudity, and he’s almost always encouraged more of it regardless of context.
"Oh..." is all Claire manages over the call, before telling Dean she needs to go, even though she answered the phone with plenty of time to spare.
Dean doesn’t understand how his future self’s face doesn’t soften even a little at that, because he feels his heart start going double time at the sincerity in Cas’ exclamation.
Dean can’t manage to look Sam in the eye, and he cracks his knuckles in the pockets of his pajama bottoms, which muffles but doesn’t silence the sound.
“Here!” Castiel gestures at his torso, curling inward on himself, looking sincerely distraught, his eyes flicker with lights that disorient Sam similarly to passing someone who has their brights on, “I’m fit to burst, I don’t know what to do!”
“... so, odds are you're a dead man tomorrow,” Dean says out loud, trying to dim the whispers in his head that feel too bereft or grieving; if he states it as a fact, maybe his brain will stop - doing whatever it’s doing.
Tugging on Castiel like that forces him to over-correct forward and down; where he’d been arched to keep distance between their bodies, there is no longer any space, and he falls fully into Dean’s lap.
“Yeah,” Dean answers, body pulsating with hot blood enough to make him start to sweat, hands sporadically curling in and out against his thighs.
“Not a fan of Sammy? He’s taller,” Dean half-jokes, wondering why the fuck he’s pushing the subject; just the thought of Castiel’s weirdly intense devotion being shifted to anyone else makes his stomach churn.
Moved, Sam can only stare wide-eyed at Castiel as he finishes, “what I feel is too tremendous a thing to see, or touch, or properly explain, and that’s how I know it is not a fleeting thing, Sam. It is timeless, ageless, eternal, furious, forgiving, wild, unknowable, unquantifiable - a
Castiel's pace gets frantic, pumping his cock deep into Dean's mouth, rocking into him and Dean groans around him, his own cock still fully at attention in way that might permanently alter how his jeans fit.
“Fuck that guy,” Dean mumbles seriously, inhaling the fresh cotton and wildflower smell of Cas’ skin, “he doesn’t get it. Doesn’t fuckin’ deserve it.”
While he’s been aimlessly wandering the Earth, sleep deprived, he sometimes catches past conversations still floating in the air of the war room, and if he checks the kitchen during those late hours, he can sense someone trying and failing to respect his personal space. Like a nosy friend, peering into his mug from over his shoulder, or staring longingly at the counter where Dean spreads jam and peanut butter on bread at two in the morning.
He turns his ring over a few times, twisting it around and around, watching how it gleams in the dim kitchen lights.
He keeps the tempo slow, but incorporates making circles, turning them ‘round and ‘round the stone and marble balcony, up and down it’s length; Cas follows him easily, trusting Dean’s direction, and always operating on a similar wavelength - Dean thinks that maybe they dance together well because they fight together well.
How is it that Castiel knows him so completely? Across time and space? In Heaven, in Hell and on Earth? Why does Castiel suit him like this, in the worst and best possible way?
Cas is dragging him closer, pressing their hips and abdomens together, and Dean’s hands have somehow found better purchase on the front of Cas’ button-down dress shirt than his lapels.
Apparently distracted with Dean’s mouth, Castiel agrees with a single nod, and the rest, it would seem, is up to Dean.
The Empty crashes against Billie, pulling her in along with Castiel whose eyes never stray from Dean, until there are no eyes there anymore.
"Stop it!" Dean screams at the sky, living through flashbacks of blown out windows, frequencies high enough to destroy televisions and radios, a storm localized over a single barn in the middle of bumfuck nowhere, sparks silhouetting a not-yet familiar figure, "Stop doing this shit! Stop! You're gone, and I -"
Before he knows it’s happened, Dean’s hard enough to carve stone, and Cas readjusts how they’re slotted against one another to better accommodate Dean’s failing balance, and Cas feels it - he must. Even if he doesn’t feel how hard Dean is against him right away, the guttural
"Yes," Castiel answers, pupils going wide and dark as he stares into Dean's eyes, "Yes, I think I'd like that very much."
“You trust me, I trust you,” Dean interrupts, rushed, every fibre in his body screaming for more contact, thrashing against reason and resistance, “I’ll give it, but you gotta take - and I gotta know you’ll stop me if you -”
"It's a nice song," Kaia compliments, smiling sweetly, "I think it's romantic that it makes you think of Dean."
He just wants to be of help, he wants to do for Castiel what Castiel has done for him tens of times already; stop the world from ending.
Cas reaches out for Dean’s hand and places it over his own chest where Dean can feel the hummingbird pace of Cas’ human heart.
Woozy, and light-headed, he gradually tumbles backward, and Jody helps him into a sitting position in the grass; he cries into his hands, and wonders if he's going to throw up soon.
Dean can tell that from the brief moment he stares into Cas' eyes that Cas has no idea what's happening or why, and he thinks to himself that, that's fair.
“He was where kids went to die,” Dean interrupts, glaring at his future self, and shifting so that he’s standing closer to Cas, his hands pulling into fists, “he’s where all good things went to curl up and die. I don’t give a shit if Cas spreads black tar heroin on his toast in the fuckin’ mornings, okay? You -
He avoided a world full of Croates, but somehow, he’s right back at the end of the world, where Castiel is dying, alone in himself, and Dean’s angry at him for it.
His big shoulders slump, his half-smirk falls, and he reaches out for Castiel again, encouraged in that the Angel doesn’t move away this time, “Cas, that’s not true - being loved isn’t a bad thing, even if it’s not - even if he doesn’t - just - he wouldn’t be mad at you, or anything like that -”
“Great,” she says flatly, scowling at him to his slight but evident confusion, “Have we got anything that can
“I thought that maybe - maybe I would only be truly happy if I ever had that chance, but I see now, I feel it, how the burden is lifting,” Castiel tells him through a genuine smile, “How the truth is freeing me. Unencumbered by secrecy, it is simply the happy truth, and I can tell the difference now.”
At the same time that future Dean rolls his eyes and says, “what does it fucking matter?” Cas answers, “it helps me to disappear.”
“Alright,” Dean decides, grabbing his jacket, and shucking it on, “Let me tell you something. There are two things I know for certain; one, Bert and Ernie are gay. Two, you are
Huffing, Castiel thanks Kaia, then strums again, and when he sings, his voice is gravelly, and low - not unpleasant at all, but sleepy almost. Soothing, and dream-like, like a lullaby.
“Show me how to combat the attack!” Castiel begs, his downturned brows and genuine fear pinching at Sam’s heartstrings as his many eyes flash like lightning, “help me! Sam, please!”
He fumbles with his cellphone, shakily pulling up Castiel's contact, and he knows Sam is staring at him now, but he can't stop himself.
Behind him, Sam’s forehead wrinkles with concern, and he’s probably considering leaving Dean to his monosyllabic LifeTime Original angsting. Dean certainly wouldn’t blame him.
Sapphire eyes going glassy, Castiel breathes out a wet, aborted type of exhale, and he then holds his forehead with one shaky hand that’s shifting between a crystal formation and a normal flesh-and-blood hand, while the other covers his heart. There are vines sprouting from between the fingers of that hand, and they turn quickly into flowers, die, shrivel, and fall off, disappearing from existence before even touching the grass, and he pants out, “I am in love with Dean!”
“Mm,” Cas agrees, affect flattening, “And it would not be the first time you were too proud to ask me to stay.”
They were short a passenger, and he didn’t even know how to explain it to her, or if trying to reason with her would work. Reasoning certainly hadn't helped him any thus far.
Looking down at the floor again, and gesticulating around his upper chest again, as though the feeling is rising up in him, Castiel breathes out, “I feel so much, I feel it so completely, across every snap and quiver of atoms, I wanted to explain it to any of my Sisters, any of my Brothers, any of my Siblings, but…"
Seemingly willing to let his first question slide, Future Dean responds cooly, “relax. You'll be fine. Zach's looking after you, right?”
“You trust me, right?” Dean asks, heady, mind coated with lust like honey, no thoughts of consequences occurring to him anymore, just chasing a hopeful release; he noses at Castiel’s sleeve, pushing it up while his opposite fingers make contact with the hot skin of his hip bone, “I'll be good to you, real gentle.”
He knows - he knows why Castiel betrayed his trust. He knows why Castiel did all he did, and how, by the time he was scrambling at Cas’ feet, begging him to put that power back on its shelf, it was too late.
A dusting of rosiness rises up in Dean’s face; he pulls Cas a little closer to better obscure his face from scrutiny, clears his throat and makes some noncommittal noise that could be agreement or indifference.
Taking a deep breath, Dean allows for a few more explosions and claps of thunder to collide in the sky before he looks to Jody, and tells her, "not to shock or alarm you, but I think John Winchester might've done a number on me, psychologically."
Castiel - the Castiel he knows, the one he has fought with, joked with, prayed to - the Commander and Seraph, a broken God in his arms -
“I loved you, but I could not protect you as I once did. I could not provide for you as I once did. I could not perform miracles anymore, I could not heal wounds with a brush of my fingers - you cannot know what it
Castiel doesn’t cry - he’s above crying. Dean wants to believe that, he’s always wanted to believe that, that Castiel is removed enough from human emotion that he doesn’t experience this type of sturm und drang, this acute torture that seems unique to particularly empathetic humans.
Dean does not expect to be so suddenly upset by Castiel’s hesitance, but before he can fuck anything up by making the hardest back-pedal in the history of mankind, Castiel asks, “will there be another angry woman?”
"I know," he assures her, because he does; he hugs her, and tells her, "He would've been - elated. Never mind a live band, he would've had literal Angelic choirs singing you in."
Hot-blooded in a way he hasn't felt since the dawn of puberty, Dean closes back in, tasting his Angel -
How is he supposed to watch John Wayne ever again, without thinking that Cas didn't like him, but liked the way Dean imitated him?
“Would you prefer that?” he asks earnestly, “Would you prefer I find your brother the height of beauty?”
“I called you ‘sweetheart,’ on days you struggled to keep your chin up. I noticed it helped. I would card my fingers through your hair, massage your scalp, neck, and shoulders, and hold you well enough that you would sleep through the entire night. Those nights, you were my sweetheart.”
Eileen takes a perch on the kitchen counter beside where Dean is thoughtfully washing dishes; she's side-eyeing him with a smile, shaking her head as if to say 'I've told him to keep his nose out of your business, but he cannot be stopped.'
“Dean has no memory of how harrowing the expulsion from Hell was, but I remember it, and I want to tell you," Castiel begins, evidently pleased that Sam's facial expression seems to acknowledge how significant this sharing is.
Dean doesn’t know how long he spends there on the floor, his body wrenching sobs from him beyond his control, and he doesn’t know how he stands, or walks, or moves another inch.
Dean’s no longer leaning in most of the way across the seat; Castiel is meeting him more than half-way, gently probing with timid swipes of his tongue that gradually become more and more confident.
Dean is a hunter, and he goes where he's needed, and does what needs doing, while regularly stopping by to shower his niece in high fructose corn syrup and whatever toy she points at.
Sliding more into the middle of the seat bench, Dean discreetly wipes the sweat of his palms off onto his jeans, and silently directs Castiel onto his lap with a double-tap to the tense, outer muscle of his thigh.
"He said this - he said it would be Heaven. If he had one, he said his Heaven would be in the passenger seat here, and I'd drive him wherever the road took us, and we'd be together, windows down, and... I'm sorry I didn't tell you before, I just - I'm shit at talking about this, and it
"I'm gonna do something for him," she states, as though she had been considering keeping it a secret from them, "Just - it feels fucked up to not. You know?"
Dean struggles with the frog in his throat for a moment, while realization seems to finally come over Sam's features.
Sometimes Dean can forget how much vast knowledge Cas had to offer; he should have asked more questions.
“They’re dead, and their blood’s on his hands!” Dean’s counterpart shouts, jaw wired with tension, arms moving in sharp, deliberate cutting motions through the air, “I gave him everything! Whatever he wanted! As long as I fuckin’ could, til I was fresh outta every-fuckin’-thing! I asked him one thing, I gave him just the one fuckin’ thing to do - Hell or high water, Ben be kept safe, I didn’t care what or who it cost, and he - you know what?”
Instantly, Dean inhales the orange juice and vodka, spiraling into a coughing fit that burns his lungs so badly, he needs to hand his phone off to Sam.
He pets the side of Dean’s face, nicotine-stained fingertips brushing past the short hairs at his temple and in front of his ears.
Very suddenly everything around Dean goes muffled, mute, as he inwardly arrives at the bizarre, but familiar and dangerous intersection of sexual pursuit; one way lies resignation mixed with the irrationally furious malcontent that comes with being blue-balled, and the other way lies sweet, addictive relief that promises pay-off so good, he'll sleep dreamlessly for six hours or more.
God, he’s just furious, he’s furious with himself, though - he promised Cas that he’d save him, and Cas -
A lovely lady in snow-white lingerie steps toward them, and Dean can see the invitation behind her smile.
His face is warm, and his thumb is bleeding by the time they come up to a grassy clearing; there's the remnants of a barn shed, a long-destroyed silo near it, and the clearing is bordered by overgrown trees.
Castiel’s eyes shine with building tears, and while he’s seen Castiel come close to crying before, he’s never seen him come
He’d be worried about technique or something, but it doesn’t seem likely that Castiel will be all too judgmental about something like that - besides, if he were human, he’d have a concussion from how hard his head flies back against the car.
“Perhaps,” Cas tries to shrug, determinedly keeping his eyes up, “I feel certain she has moved on in her pursuits, but if I pass her again, I will offer a dance.”
She doesn't scrutinize him for not looking at the cassette, or song list, and she even seems to empathize with Dean's desire to expedite the entire memorial service. Still, with big, glassy eyes, she stares at him, searching his face for something with a concentrated frown.
Something about that is funny - or startling? - to both Sam and Dean, and Castiel can’t tell which or for what reasons.
Nodding sleepily, Castiel lolls his head back and to the side to better see him, and utters, “my one and my only.”
“He loves that shit,” future Dean snarls, preemptively defensive, waving a dismissive hand in Cas’ direction, “He loves shoveling that shit onto me, like I’m not under five thousand metric shit tons of it anyway, like I’m the big fuckin’ mistake in the equation  -”
In a spry, young body he hardly remembers having, Dean sits with Bobby for a while, drinking awful beer, and considering stopping at his parents' place - maybe it won't be his first visit, though.
"I - I never said this, okay?" he prefaces; she leans away from him to look him in the eye, and she nods. He's not able to look directly at her when he continues, so after a shuddering breath, he looks back up at the sky, and tells it, "Cas... he suited me. Right down to the ground."
At that, Dean stops moving altogether, his hand slides down from Cas’ shoulder blade to the cinch of his waist, and he allows their joined hands to wilt a bit lower, but he doesn’t let go.
Reminded of Sam’s presence, Castiel’s head swivels to him, the glow of his eyes dims down, and then he looks back at Dean, visibly frightened.
Dean likes to tell baby Maura that she's just lucky she's so cute, but really Dean likes being useful in small, domestic ways, regardless. It makes him softer around the edges, and he winds up telling Eileen some of the best, most humiliating stories about Sam's formative years, because he's soaked in nostalgia when he's with them.
How can he step foot in a Church ever again? How is he meant to ever pray again? To ever have faith again?
As soon as they both hit the ground, Dean wastes no time, well aware that he's bleeding out quickly in the grass, he drops his location to Sam's phone, but still copies his exact coordinates to send him in text - just in case.
“Cas -” Dean wants to say so much, it’s all bottle-necking at his throat, “I… do you think there’s a way I can stop this? Really stop it?”
He’d rather die than admit it to anyone, but Dean’s knees get a little weak, and Cas basically holds up his entire weight by just the grip he’s got on Dean’s waist.
The urge to look away is so strong, but Castiel’s gravitational pull has always been stronger than Dean’s reluctance.
He can feel on his face how the devastation is writ across it, how his eyes burn still, how his throat is still a vice, and how his heart is somewhere behind his stomach, low in his body.
"Dean!" Castiel admonishes, curling low, around Dean, trying but failing to stop thrusting into Dean's mouth, "Please, please - I want you to fuck me -"
He smiles in a sad sort of way, "this feeling he has given me... it is not something organic to me, it is something planted in me, growing upward and outward from me exponentially, painfully lodged in me as surely as a blade just above the heart."
"It wasn't the same as my dad," she knows, "but he was still important, and he still protected me when he could, and he still cared about me, you know? And I knew that it would've made him so happy, because he - he really loved doing family-stuff with me, and I knew he would've wanted to, and I was gonna ask him to, and it was gonna make him get all weepy how he did, and -"
Sometimes his body doesn’t feel like it belongs to him anymore - like how his feet won’t move despite him telling them to bring him forward, and his arms won’t move despite him telling them to work long enough to open the door, and step into the room.
Chuckling a little on a nervous huff, Dean assures him, “no, no angry women, just uh - it’s - me. I’m - I am. Uh - I’m offering.”
“Eh, you’d be surprised what you learn on the job,” Dean replies easily, pulling away enough to spin Cas, and then move close in again.
“As a human would understand them, no,” Castiel explains politely, “If I were a human, though, I think I might be a man. At least, some of the time,” he tilts his head and looks away in thought, “... I think the rest of the time, I would not have a gender at all. That is why other Angels know to refer to me with masculine pronouns, though how we speak of each other in Enochian is far more abstract, and not nearly so limited.”
“We are bonded at all junctures,” Castiel clarifies with certainty, “And as I understand it, friends do not fret over other friends’ bedfellows, and friends do not feel overwhelming urges to show affection to one another, or stake claims on one another.”
“I agree, though I do not know how,” Castiel mutters, sitting himself down on the floor, legs pretzeled, head in his hands, medicinal herbs sprouting from his hair, and falling around him.
Letting out a puff of hot air against Dean's mouth, Castiel leans in close, tips Dean's face to another angle with just his nose and then murmurs, hypnotically, "Dean. I want you to fuck me."
Smoothly, Cas pulls away enough for he and Dean to share one of their familiarly charged gazes, and Dean’s future self sounds - possibly wounded - when he insults Cas, “don’t be a slut at past-me. He gets the picture.”
“Did you just turn her down?” Dean asks incredulously; Sam is busy sipping champagne next to him, but his eyebrows convey that he would also like clarification on whatever social interaction it is that Cas just had.
“I love when you sing very loudly off-key, and when you think a joke you’ve told is much more clever than it really is, I love the way it makes you smile. There is no smile of yours that I don’t cherish, though, Dean. And I cannot say I am overly fond of John Wayne, but I enjoyed
“I am always available to you boys for whatever inquiries I can assist in. Is this pertaining to my staring? It’s academic in nature, I assure you - frankly, I am used to having a form that hosts many more eyes; being in this Earthly form can present obstacles, as my perceptions are more limited than I can remember them ever being. I promise I do not mean to insult anyone.”
“Alright - okay,” Sam calms him, his hands palms-up in surrender, “It… I dunno, Cas. It sounds a lot like love, but you’ve also only
He traces with his tongue the veins exposed near the heart of Castiel’s palm, “I’ll treat you nice.”
Dean's eyes flutter open just enough to look dazedly into Castiel's, and he marvels at the Angel above him, eyes alight, within and without him, somehow everywhere, somehow in him, with him in himself where he would have earlier thought was a place he could only be alone - he's not. He's not alone in himself, it feels like just the tip of the iceberg, and Castiel enjoys this, overwhelming him - Dean can feel it, and he knows it with all certainty, the Commander gazing down at him means every order issued.
Dean’s not been this dressed up since Bela stuffed him in a monkey suit, and he’d wager the same applies to Sam, but this is certainly the first either of them have ever seen Cas in anything other than his cubicle-life uniform.
Dean goes to object, maybe, though in truth, he has no idea what he’d say or how, but they both suddenly hear the voice of Dean’s counterpart over the crackling fires being beaten down or poured out.
At the suggestive mention of ‘women,’ Castiel appears visibly uncomfortable, and Dean’s Older Brother Teasing Instinct kicks in.
He’s new to this still, he knows he should probably go easy on his own jaw, but there’s this bizarre competitive streak in him that he can’t dampen down at all, despite there being no competition present. He wants to be the best Castiel ever has - ever.
Claire is sat too close to the camera to be fully in the shot, but she clearly has to stifle a giggle before clearing her throat, and encouraging him, "no, we won't laugh, Cas."
Feeling too hot himself, Dean throws his jacket into the backseat and tries to convince himself that he’s not going to attempt to take anything with Castiel further than this.
Eternity hadn’t occurred to Sam, but he backtracks, replays their conversation again with that realization in the lens, and he sees why the panic was so violent. Of course it would petrify an entity like Castiel - if he loves Dean, it doesn’t change the fact that he’s going to have to bury Dean.
They all nod in recognition when someone refers to Cas like that, and Dean keeps his eyes down, and his hands busy.
The years have settled like a cool mist, littered with their fair share of difficulties, but they're able to navigate through.
“No, Dean,” Cas interrupts, stepping back more into the room, to the elder Dean’s apparent disdain; Dean appreciates it, though, as Cas looks at him with actual compassion, “Sam didn't die in Detroit. He said 'yes.’”
"Yeah, well, leave it to Dean to find an overabundance of beautiful women drooling over him to be a problem," Sam gripes.
“Oh, hey, Cas,” Dean greets, his voice markedly more gentle than it was with Sam only a moment before.
Dean has to bite the inside of his cheek to keep from laughing at how Castiel downs his entire beer in what appears to be a single gulp.
It’s fine that his future self believes that - Dean can’t fault the guy for changing his mind after seeing horrors they likely haven’t seen since the Pit, but he shouldn’t have said it in front of Cas. It just isn’t necessary.
Exhaling a puff of a laugh, Dean reaches up to the back of Castiel’s neck, tugs him down further as he turns his head to the side just a bit, then nips at Castiel’s jaw, licks the stubbled skin across his Adam’s apple, and then sucks at a frontside tendon of his neck.
“Beauty?” Sam rasps, trying to joke, “K-Kinda stocky, don't you think? Pretty fuckin' bow-legged too.”
Gentling again, Sam thinks that it’s kind of sweet that Castiel thought of him during what is very clearly a serious crisis. It isn’t often that Castiel chooses his company over Dean’s.
Because Castiel loves him in a way he's never been loved before, in a way no one else could have ever loved him, and Heaven, the paradise of his immortal soul, would be incomplete without him.
Being so eagerly welcomed and openly wanted is new to Dean, and he feels reason drift even further from him.
“No,” Dean rejects, shaking his head, his hands grasping at the baggy sides of Cas’ shirt, “That’s not me. I don’t - I don’t know who that jackass is, but that’s not me. I won’t let it be. I won’t let any of this - I won’t let it happen.”
If his older self would just apologize for being such an asshole, he’d bet anything that Cas would instantly forgive and try to forget. This Cas really loves this Dean - it’s right at their fingertips.
A wounded noise erupts from low in Dean’s throat as he tries to swallow what might have been an aborted sob; close to Castiel’s ear, he asks in a low and rough whisper, “... I’m your love, Cas?”
In some part, he says nothing and does nothing because there is nothing to say or do - that’s just not them. That’s not his time, it’s not his sequence of events - it’s a bad dream. It’s not his. It was never supposed to be his, anyway.
“Don’t be. You wouldn’t say ‘goodbye,’ and you wouldn’t tell me I had to first… it was a stalemate. You broke it how you knew best to,” Cas bumps their noses together and gazes into his eyes, beautiful like ocean glass, cutting just as efficiently; “You used to kiss me until the pain stopped. Until I didn’t mind that I couldn’t breathe through the despair on my own anymore, because you were breathing for me. You gave me what I give those women in my cabin - I disappeared into you, and loving you justified my being alive at all, Dean.”
It's when they're all covered in gore, and sinew, and sweat, talking about a big dinner to celebrate, and Dean is flipping Sam off about having a 'beer belly,' (which he does
In a fit of rage Dean wishes he could say he hasn’t had in ages, his future self flips the enormous table, sends chairs skittering and crashing, and points aggressively at him when he suggests heatedly, “how about you go ask him, hmm? How about you go ask Cas about where the fuck Ben and Lisa are, and why?”
Second, that he hasn’t had fun in too long, that his face hardly remembers how to work the muscles that make him smile, and his gut barely recognizes the strain of laughter.
He can’t answer the phone when it buzzes. He knows it’s important, he knows there’s more to do, but he can’t bear it, he doesn’t even know that he can stand himself up again.
As it happens, he’s not thinking about any of that at all when Cas is being destroyed from the inside-out, but the memories are lurking in the periphery, waiting to pounce back into the fore.
Cas ignores him, and just allows his hooded eyes to flicker between Dean’s for a moment, then down to his lips.
Beyond that, he says nothing simply because when it comes to matters of the heart, he’s often a coward.
Having apparently exerted himself beyond his emotional bandwidth for the day, Sam wipes tears from his face with the back of his wrist, stands, and leaves Dean to bleed and pant, sitting on the edge of the bed.
Cas’ eyes flicker up long enough to see Sam’s brows spring near to his hairline, then he looks away again, “I thought, too, that I hadn’t an inkling until then what my Father’s hands were truly capable of making in beauty.”
Staring at his downcast eyes, Dean absently admires the fan of his thick, long lashes, and asks, “why did it just do that?”
He can't tell right away if the Earth shakes because he's having a cliche, world-altering orgasm, or because Castiel is
a master tactics commander that lead several successful battles across planes of existence you can scarcely imagine, and if you
With a cursory glance toward a visibly worried Cas, Dean refocuses on his future self, and states, “that's insane. If I let him in, then Michael
He looks into Castiel’s eyes, and lets Castiel stare like he always does; there’s something gravitational about Castiel’s eyes, something stronger than any force of nature Dean knows. Something foolish to try and fight.
“One,” is sworn in a gravelly, mournful utterance, “and only. You’ve grown used to those words, but I know their gravity every time I say them. I will move my things tomorrow… what? No, Dean. One and only -
With Castiel, it’s easy to laugh, and to smile, and to watch Castiel watch him, and that’s strange - Castiel himself is very strange, but he’s kind. He protects Dean, and takes care of Dean as well as he knows how to.
“I can be one with you, and allow you to experience oneness with all things through oneness with me,” Castiel tells him, shutting his eyes as he picks up a faster pace, “
Dean takes no pleasure in Cas ever being scared, so he reaches out, takes a step back into Cas’ space, but that spooks him more, and in less than a blink of an eye, he’s gone.
“My sniffer isn’t reliable,” Cas announces, as though it is a grave admission, “The synesthesia caused by the malformation of my Grace into my human vessel has ensured that while things smell much more specific than they once did, I’m not actually good at parsing smells out. Also, I don’t know that at any time I would have been able to smell out Lucifer, synesthesia or no.”
Steeling himself, Dean nods, and leans in toward the middle of the front seat bench; “if you do live, though - this never happened, alright?”
cannot be contained. There was no prison or person in Heaven or on Earth, in Hell or any realm that could keep me from loving you despite extensive efforts. I am not a person - I am sorry if it disturbs you, Dean, but it’s the truth. All that’s left that exists of my most authentic self is woven into your soul. When first operating through Earth’s wavelengths, I would materialize often as lightning.”
Though he takes a respectable count of four seconds to seem as though he needs to consider his options, Castiel nods, and replies, “of course, Dean. Of all the favors you’ve asked of me before, I assure this is certainly the most convenient and pleasant of them.”
“You can’t manage a simple little box-step for that hot piece? She was practically drooling, lookin’ at you!”
She looks like she might be near crying when she storms past Dean, and he’d sincerely feel sorry about that if she didn’t needlessly curse him on her way out.
“I endeavor to make you come, Dean, until you cannot know pleasure again without the memory of me at the fore of your mind, until every orgasm is out of reach unless you're praying to me for it -”
‘going on,’ I just think you should, hypothetically go for something rather than settling for the nothing, because, personally, I think there
- instead, he replies, "yeah, well, that's easy to say when you don't know what you're missin' out on."
“You don’t have to patronize me, Dean. Before absinthe, before opioids, before benzo’s, what I had was you. One more hit, and I’ll die clean. I swear.”
Before his future self can get another word in, he looks to Cas, who’s staring at him with wide, shining eyes.
Every neurotically hyper-vigilant, protective fibre in his body is telling him to start this by just shouting and throwing hands, but he’s able to stop himself from that.
The streetlights have exploded. There’s glass everywhere, and based on the echoes of car alarms and distant voices, it’s becoming more and more possible that Cas destroyed the windows and lights of several cars and nearby homes.
When he is without Castiel, he's a husk of his former self, his work loses meaning, food loses taste, music loses sound, sleep loses rest, color drains from all around him, and he knows that not because he noticed it the first time he lost Castiel, but because he felt himself come back to life the moment Castiel returned to him.
The room is quiet, and he knows Sam is standing in the threshold that separates the living room from the kitchen, staring at the back of his head.
