(Sam’s been threatening to move out, and Dean thinks it’s actually a pretty good idea. They could all use real homes, could treat the bunker like a hunting base, and Eileen deserves a nice house. She deserves a hell of a lot, really, since she’s putting up with Sam.)
“Gimme that.” Dean took the newspaper out of Cas’ hand and leafed through it. “Here, the obits.” He pointed at a picture of a young girl. The obituary read:
“I--Cas, it’s twelve in the fucking morning.” Dean sighs and sits down next to him. “This couldn’t wait?”
Today’s been one of those days where things have just been…bad. There’s no sugarcoating it, no hiding it behind platitudes.
Nebula is busy at this time on a Saturday morning, so they take their breakfast to the park across the street and spread out on a picnic table. Dean is scrolling through a page in his phone again.
“You two are
With the packing tape secured onto this box, everything is packed, everything except the sentiments, which Dean now has room for: slightly blurry pictures taken with the old polaroid camera Cas found at a flea market. Random notes from Sam with things like
“You got into my phone?”
“Like all dogs do.” Rachel asks another question about the mission, but Charlie is fully ignoring her.
There’s clapping, and Cas realized he didn’t take notes for this person, either. He nudges Dean to shelve the conversation so that neither of them fail their critiques.
Well, if Dean won’t tell Cas what’s up,
(It occurs to Dean that he didn’t
we have to do.”
Now it’s going to grow big and strong.
too much, so Dean did the only logical thing and crossed to the table before hauling Cas out of his chair. With Cas’ face mere inches from his and Cas’ pajama shirt balled up in his fist, Dean froze. Cas’ gaze was patient but searching. “I’m glad she told me,” Cas whispered, and that was that--Cas was closing the gap and they were kissing.
“Sounds like you had an eventful day,” Cas says. “What should we do for dinner?”
Dean knows Charlie will be here, but she’s probably barricaded herself in Ash’s basement with some of the potheads, not smoking herself but instead pretending to read their palms (it’s her favorite party trick with high people). Victor is a yes, of course, since he invited everyone, but for someone who’s so straight-laced during the week (he’s a hell of a producer), he tends to
Jack still cries as Castiel picks him up, but Castiel adjusts his hands to hold Jack close to his chest like Dean does. Slowly the cries turn into sniffles, and Castiel takes that as a good sign, laying down on the bed like he’s seen Dean do a dozen or more times, still holding Jack.
, the gravestone read, with no epithet or anything else underneath it. It was a routine salt-n-burn, the kind of thing Dean could practically do in his sleep. It was even easier with Cas helping--even without his angel mojo, Cas was strong, and if Dean took a couple of longer-than-necessary glances at Cas’ arms as he dug, well...that was his business.
“I think another one’s dying.” Cas keeps his voice light, but Dean can feel in his body language that he’s disappointed.
(Sam was a little shocked when he walked into the library a few minutes later, but not really. He didn’t need Dean or Cas to tell him what had happened to figure out what had been going on for himself.)
Emma raises her head a miniscule amount. “You
“He’s perfectly healthy,” the doctor tells Dean. “He’s taking a vitamin, right?”
He’d made promises to these people–told Sam he would try out these new muffins that Dean refused to make with him, said he’d go to the farmer’s market with Eileen this weekend, and assured Jack they would take him to the mall today.
Cas takes a handful of Dean’s t-shirt and is about to lean in when Dean stops him with a hand to his chest.
“Did you or did you not
(He reconsiders this in the morning, when Cas, unaware that Jack joined them in the middle of the night, rolls over into Jack, which causes Jack to accidentally push Dean off the bed. Maybe everything will be alright sans a headache.)
Castiel drops the books on the bedside table and stands over the crib, looking down at Jack struggling in his swaddle. Jack’s eyes are screwed shut, but when Castiel lowers his arms down into the crib to pick him up, Jack’s eyes open and he starts crying even more.
for movie night, and then Cas spends the whole damn movie telling him other facts about the animals that he knows from his time as an angel.
Okay, so maybe Sam had
“That,” Cas smiles again, “Is why I choose to enjoy it.” He looks up and down the tree. “How about I help you take this stuff down? You don’t have to do it alone.”
that ends with Meg declaring both of them “insufferable,” they eschew matching costumes because Dean refuses to be anyone but Han Solo and Cas refuses to give in to Dean.
everyone’s saying.
know it. Jack’s not human, despite all appearances.
He doesn’t read that much.
“That was nice,” Cas said.
Cas wrenches the book from Dean’s hand. “I insist on loving you.”
“Weird.” Mick rolls his eyes and Cas feels like his skin is too tight, folding in on itself.
Cas before. “And not just to…help us or be useful or anything. I need you because you’re my best friend.” Still wrong–or, not false, but not true enough.
Cas says as he sits with Dean in the kitchen, both very quiet because all of Dean’s words are catching in his throat.
Aging was never something he worried about; in the back of his mind, he was going to be young forever. He was going to go down on a hunt some day, a kitsune or a rugaru getting one last swipe at him, and then his body would go up on a pyre, his face etched into everyone’s memories as unlined for eternity.
” Cas proposes.
Cas splashes at the water idly. “Thanks for, uh…”
“I, uh...I guess so. C’mon.” Dean pulled Cas up by the hand. “Let’s get out of here.”
now and can’t just thermoregulate with his mojo.
“If I ever find Dean attractive, one of you has to personally shoot me,” Meg says.
After Cas is done with his hair, he helps Dean wash himself, and then Dean sits under the water, steaming hot, too exhausted to get up. Eventually Cas turns the water off and wraps him in a towel.
Dean is starting to realize that having choices means he doesn’t have to do all of this alone.
“I just don’t know who else I would date, though. There’s like...no one else I want to date.”
And Cas, at his feet, staring at him.
Routine has never been something that Dean could count on.
Tomorrow, Cas will bear witness to the fallen flowers, but their loss will make way for the blooms of summer to grow–in his mind’s eye, he already sees a thicket of zinnias, sees himself carefully cutting a bouquet for the table on their back deck while Dean grills something.
“dude,” dean says, “if you'd told me you could lift a whole bookshelf, with the books in it, we could've moved a lot faster.”
“Cas is at the garden center,” Dean replies. “You’d be better off trying to contact Han Solo. Any reason why you want us up there?”
Dean pulls up a dining room chair up to the counter and has Jack stand on it so he can reach the bowl. By the time he’s got Jack settled, Emma’s (mostly) swept up the flour and Claire’s (mostly) stopped making snide comments to her sister.
Dean wakes with a jolt, and it takes him a moment to reorient himself to his surroundings. He’s in the Impala, that’s for certain–he knows this car better than the back of his own hand. There’s something playing low on the radio; Dean thinks it might be the news as he catches snippets of the report, still waking up.
“I’m…” Cas considers. “I’m okay. I was worried that I hurt him.”
In the morning, the storm will be forgotten, sans a few tree branches that’ll have to be picked up in the yard and the relief that nothing fell on the Impala, but for now, Dean settles in and tries to ride it out.
“We may have pulled a few strings to get some of these,” Cas says.
“Hi,” Cas says to the toad.
The elevator doors open to reveal a dimly lit cavern of a room. Castiel can’t see very far into it, not only because of the dim light, but also because of the large amounts of equipment in his way. Pipes and other implements criss-cross the room (Castiel will be the first to admit that he doesn’t know a lot about machinery or ships).
Cas’ stomach drops again, but for a very different reason. The girl is admittedly quite pretty, and she’s also dressed as Princess Leia--and Cas notices that it’s the outfit Leia wears in Jabba’s Palace on Tatooine, a full-on gold bikini.
Dean can’t focus at all anymore, though. They always come to the library after class to do homework (Cas is an English major and Dean’s doing civil engineering), and it’s one of the best parts of Dean’s day, but he’s never let himself believe that Cas might like it, too.
“I’m not drinking the tea,” Dean says, after forcing the cough medicine down his throat, “Unless you want to get up in an hour and help me drag my ass to the bathroom.”
) asks.
Today was finally, at long last, the intramural ping pong championships–if they even deserved such an illustrious title. Dean’s team, which didn’t have a name because they weren’t assholes like the English majors, had fought through the brackets to make it to the finals, and it was now nearly nine pm and time for the final game…against none other than
They get discharged at around eight in the evening, with strict instructions from Dr. Moseley to call immediately if either of them experience more symptoms from their concussions. Cas doesn’t love the rickety wheelchair that he has to roll out in, but the nurse tells him he has to learn to use his crutches first.
“Dean.” Cas takes a deep breath. “I’m
“Get kale at the farmer’s market? Already on the list.”
“What do you do when you’re in love with someone?”
“We’re finishing this later,” Dean says, “When my little brother isn’t making breakfast.”
(Okay, Dean doesn’t mind that last one. But Cas teaches
Cas checked out the book the movie is based on, by Michael Chabon, from the library over the summer and read it in a couple of hours, feverishly, and then laid on his bed in abject silence for the rest of the day. That’s the only way Cas can read books these days—he has to know if there’s a happy ending, so he finishes it in one sitting.
“Come in,” Dean says, and then shuts the door behind Cas.
It takes no more convincing. Cas’s shirt slips to the ground, forgotten, as Cas’s hands find the sides of Dean’s face and pull him in. Gentle. Warm. A hand slides down to Dean’s neck instead--Dean remembers that he has arms, that he can pull Cas in even more. It’s like a fucking kiss from a movie, in his mind’s eye Dean can see the overhead shot pulling away until the happy couple is just a speck. That’s a nice way to leave it, isn’t it? They kissed, they’re happy.
“What movie do you wanna watch?” Cas asks, trying to distract him. “Flight’s two and a half hours.”
--started crying, and Dean had to switch spots and let Jack’s tiny hand wrap around one of his fingers. Only then did Jack stop crying.
is what Cas is saying.
“No, it’s just me, my husband, and our dog. But the dog is enough work.”
“….No.”
Castiel whipped around, before seeing that the voice came from a young man with an NCIS badge clipped to his belt. He recognized him as the agent who had brought Sam in.
“No, Meg, we’re not. It’s just…” Cas sighs. “We haven’t
When he gets to his and Meg’s chemistry class, Meg takes one good look at him and yelps.
“Because he’s Bobby. C’mon.”
“It’s okay. Not your fault.” Jack gives Dean a half-hearted hug and plods out of the kitchen, leaving Dean alone and unsure of what to do.
Dean lets out a low laugh. “In this family, yes. But being upset with them doesn’t mean we don’t love them. In fact, it might even make us angrier, that we love them and they pissed us off.”
Dean is so distracted as he walks up the stairs and down the hallway, intent on finding somewhere to hang (maybe Ash’s game room upstairs, playing Mario Kart drunk is a
After the end credits roll, Dean switches off the radio and they shove their trash into the duffel bag. Since the Impala is on the longer side, they’re in the back of the drive-in and there’s a good amount of time until it’s their turn to drive out, so Dean settles into his seat, drumming his fingers on the wheel.
“Cas, are you....alright?”
“I think I’m ready to go to sleep,” he says, letting his head loll onto Dean’s chest.
Eventually they’ll get tired of reading, or the candles will burn low, or both, and they’ll drift off to sleep, Cas’s head pillowed on Dean’s chest. The storm won’t let up until morning, but that’s just how storms are, and in time it’ll be forgotten. Cas will get more books from the library, Dean will futilely try to fill in the front yard’s dip with sod, the gutters will fill with leaves.
Dean thinks.
“Walk on the joists!” Dean calls after him (if Cas makes a hole in the ceiling, Dean’ll make him repair it himself), but Cas has already stopped, crouched down.
“I think I already know.”
Dean was counting on it.
Except the public library’s copy of
Cas rolls his eyes. “It’s the scientific name for Schaus’ swallowtail. It’s a butterfly found in Hispaniola. You know, with the Dominican Republic and Haiti. It’s also found in Florida.”
Their first kiss was soft and tentative, and so was the second one, but on the third one Cas leaned into the contact, into just being touched and held, and it tipped. They stayed like that for a long time, lips parted, exploring, warming something inside of Cas’ chest.
“Well, for starters, we could talk. All I know about you is that your name is Castiel Novak.”
Not that it’s all bad--while tonight everyone seems to be in rare form, Dean included, the Winchesters know how to have fun. There are movie nights (everyone likes
Dean pushes open the door and stares at Cas. “You’ve been sitting on the toilet?”
“I’m sorry.”
be attracted to Dean.
“How did he react to that?”
conversation….oh, and rosemary is important because it’s foreshadowing, they used to put it on dead bodies.” He flops his head over to look at his friend. “How’d I do?”
They walk to the back edge of their property, where it meets the muddy creek that divides them from their neighbors, hand in hand. Cas is holding the mason jar with his grace in his free hand.
Daphne laughs again. “It
Dean finds him standing in front of the sodas about five minutes later. “We have to get Fanta. Also, did you get new insurance?”
“They weren’t–” Cas pauses. He was about to say that they weren’t real, but that’s…a lie. Not true. They were real to him. “Warehouse.”
“You–you don’t get to say shit like that and then
“You know her?” Dean says to Cas, who just smiles. Of course he knows her. Cas knows
“I killed you, you know.”
. Cas spots Lexi with another Han Solo’s arm around her as they leave, although he doesn’t think this Han is as attractive as Dean.
*******
“But—“
Cas doesn’t mind, though. Dean wears shorts sometimes now, and when he bends over to pull weeds or grab a certain wrench he needs, his t-shirts always ride up, exposing a strip of skin. Dean wears less layers overall, in fact, and Cas is a big fan.
“One minute.”
When Castiel first comes back to the mortal realm, to earth, to them, to
But Cas is Cas, and that’s how Dean is here now, holding his husband’s ball of yarn while Cas works on a sweater he’s making for Eileen’s birthday.
“Yeah, I know
“I want—”
Maybe if Dean’s arm wasn’t slung across his waist, breath warm on his neck, Cas might have forgotten, but that’s unlikely, because kissing Dean is one of those things where Cas was pretty sure it wasn’t going to happen, not ever.
“I, uh, no?” Cas’ brow is furrowed, and that’s
Of course, Dean has it all in the calendar.
“I guess I don’t miss
“I’ve got to--” Castiel is dragged off of the table he’s been lying on--he’s guessing he’s in a medical bay--and pulled out the door, where two other guards are waiting. “Where are you taking me?” he asks. “I haven’t done anything wrong--”
“You miss them,” Cas says softly.
Dean always gives more than he takes, even when kissing, and he’s pouring something into Cas right now. His mouth is impossibly soft and warm, and Cas marvels for a moment about how someone like Dean can seem so standoffish but be so gentle, hold Cas so carefully.
These days, Cas wonders why people can’t be more creative with their insults.
“Anyone not want bacon?” Dean asks from the stove, and Castiel and Sam both shake their heads.
“I hate you.”
“All good things, I hope,” Dean jokes, and Tracy nods along.
Eventually Cas’ eyes blink open and he stares at Dean blearily, and then frowns. “How long have you been awake?” If Cas’ normal voice is deep, his morning voice is something to reckon with.
“I can, uh...well, I can leave. But if you want someone to talk to--”
Since that day, while the other students shun Dean, Cas has become, he hopes, Dean’s friend. They work on assignments together outside of class, meet up at the library at least once a week. Cas learns things like: Dean’s minoring in creative writing, that’s why he’s in this class. Yes, his engineering friends make fun of him for it. He likes to work on cars and has a part-time job at an auto shop (cars are why he likes engineering). Dean likes cowboy movies but also sci-fi (which is why, he claims,
“I think I might be in love with you.”
Dean and Cas have a kinda-sorta thing going on.
Kevin tries to hold back a laugh as he peers through the door. “How bad is it?”
Cas looks towards the ceiling, running one of his hands through Dean’s hair. He
the sap.
“Oh, you know I don’t go to church for that part. I like the company.”
Dean stops wiping the bar and stares at Cas. “Tell you about Sam?”
Before they can leave, though, Cas has to find his shoes (one is next to their bed, the other one is by to a bookshelf that Cas had been organizing this morning) and then the shopping list (it’s actually in Dean’s pocket because he anticipated this happening), and
Dean’s gonna try and find the right words this time.
Cas can’t say it.
(Even so, he hopes that Cas, taken where he can’t go, somehow finds a way to listen.)
to her like Sam did when he met her.
Maybe he is freaking out now.
“We should be done with this in less than an hour,” Dean said, sighing with relief before climbing out of the half-dug grave to grab his water bottle. Cas followed suit and they both stared up at the clear night sky before leaning back against poor Lyman’s gravestone.
(Although he would
“Fine. Drive safe, okay?”
The presentation is, as Dean predicts, fine. They practiced it for one of their classes before they left, and Cas had noticed then how their speaking styles were different but fit together well. Cas can remember the data without looking at it, so he can go a little more in depth, but Dean is funny and makes things interesting.
“You’re not. I just checked.” Cas’s voice is just as gravely as ever, although more tired, worn-thin. His eyes are still blue. Always that color, even when he was human for a while. And he’s got stubble, which is–
(Although Cas is still going to figure out how to strategically get rid of it. Maybe he can give it to Sam.)
“Hm?”
. It had been an accident–Dean had asked Cas about the schedule for the trip they were going on this weekend with friends, and Cas said he had a screenshot of it, so Dean had opened his phone, a normal occurrence, since they were best friends. They both knew each other’s passcodes and there were no secrets between them. Or so Dean had thought.
As it turns out, Dean did have a life, he just hadn’t realized it.
, and she meets him the next day.
“You chose a weird movie.”
“Cas!” Dean calls before running across the street, not bothering to look both ways. There’s no cars at this hour, anyways.
Meg’s too busy for lunch, so she texts Cas,
“I’m not wriggling,” Cas shot back. “Stop hogging the blankets.”
this?”
“It’s...not really my thing,” Castiel replies.
Dean rolls over onto his stomach, propping himself up on his elbows so he can watch the TV and Jack simultaneously. Eventually, Jack manages to wriggle close enough to slap one of Dean’s forearms, and Dean looks down at him before covering up his face with his hands.
Cas contemplates saying something petty like
, and then Cas laments that he can’t casually date like Meg, and then Dean says
“But if I don’t get queso, he’ll complain about it.” Cas is getting lunch for both him and Dean, because Dean is, as always, running late. Dean would be more punctual if he wasn’t so friendly--he inevitably always finds someone to talk to when he’s walking across campus.
Castiel isn’t quite sure what’s happening until the shock of the open air and
The house is empty, the only furniture being two deck chairs sitting in the living room Dean put in the trunk of the Impala before they headed to closing, but it doesn’t matter, because it’s
“You’re reading
Dean let out a nervous laugh and then glanced at his phone. “Dr. Moseley, I gotta go, traffic’s gonna get real bad soon.”
Halloween is supposed to be more of the same—there’s jokes about how Mark’s gonna fail to do a keg stand again (he tries every year), Jess trying to cajole him into dressing up, drawn-out conversations in the dining hall about which bar or party (or both) to visit.
own is a DVD player, so spending $2.99 on it is what they have to do. They’ll split the cost, anyway—they share the Prime account.
Cas cracked open an eye. “You’re not?”
“Really?” Dean says. “Wait. Do you—”
“Beer?”
Sam had said the first time Dean’d mentioned it, to which Dean replied,
The start of the spring semester at Greendale Community College meant a couple of things. One, someone would inevitably attempt to break the pillow/blanket fort length record set by a couple of students years back. Two, the chemistry lab would have at least three fires a
“I think I’m going to lose this chess game,” Cas says.
? Please do.” Dean attempts to cross his arms. Everything hurts, apparently.
“I would say I missed you, too,” Cas has a gentle hand on his back now, “But I wasn’t really awake until you came.”
“Just something random.”
He sits down on the lumpy motel bed with Dean’s notebook in his hand, the pounding of the rain on the eaves outside punctuated by the running of the shower. Castiel can just barely hear Dean singing–he’s quite good, actually, but that’s another thing that Dean would take offense to knowing.
Cas has, from this group of woes, developed a theory: something shitty happens to everyone in life. For him, it was attempting suicide. For Chris, it was his brother’s death. For someone else, it might be losing another loved one, or getting in an accident, or missing out on an opportunity, or being diagnosed with something...the list goes on and on.
“That’s understandable.” Chris is never accusatory, only welcoming. Thoughtful. Offering.
Dean turns to call to Cas, get his opinion on one of these colors, maybe, but Cas is now deep in conversation with Randy about
after the laundry’s all folded and put away (Cas’s drawer’s carefully organized, Dean’s closet one step away from being a natural disaster). Cas is still reeling from Nick and Jess’s kiss in season two--it’s iconic, of course, but the softness and hilarity, the earnestness with which they know and love each other, makes his stomach drop.
Castiel nods.
In a way, Dean had always known that he was going to forget about Emma’s bake sale. Cas is the brains of their family operation, at least in terms of organizing both of their full-time jobs, Jack’s daycare schedule, Emma’s ballet after school, and Claire’s perpetual sullenness.
“I don’t think so.”
“Like I got in a car wreck.”
.’” Cas uses finger quotes and everything.
It wasn’t until they were curled up on the couch, watching
got emotional about dean and his GED and john winchester being a shit father :) so here ya go :)
Dean is doing his best to be one of the people to help give it to him.
in the meantime :)
he reminds himself,
“Where are you going?”
Castiel laughs. “I don’t know how to tie a tie, Charlie. Dean usually does it for me but, in case you forgot, he was in space for the past six months.”
“Don’t wanna.”
, and apparently it can get crazy enough for Dean to journey to the literal void and haul Cas out by the lapels of his trench coat.
“He’s been like this since I got here,” Meg says. “It’s--the doctor says it’s shock. Don’t know when it’ll go away. He can walk just fine, all he’s got is a concussion.” She helps Cas sit up. “How are you feeling?”
“Don’t tell anyone,” Claire says, dropping her voice. “But I got that for you. Cas’s idea. He said you would have no clue what to wear.”
(Their second kiss, after Cas has gotten stitches and one of the other nurses at the emergency room helpfully relocates Dean’s shoulder, is a lot less bloody.
“I mean, yeah, that’s true. But we’re all”–well, Dean hopes it’s
It’s true, though, that they’ve watched this movie a
“You’ve already done that to me, too.”
“Just fell asleep.”
Sam is probably having a great time at the bunker, eating a fucking salad and watching lord-knows-what, maybe video-chatting with Eileen, and Dean’s
Dean’s eyes flick up, drift back down, “Cas.”
When Cas could finally bring himself to look Dean in the eyes, what met him was an expression of anxiety and fear. Dean’s face was red.
“You tricked me.” Cas frowns.
help me move the mattress.”
Dean digs his fingers into the dirt again.
And it was, wasn’t it?
to. And I want you to come with me. Jack’s already said he will.”
“Claire blamed Emma, Emma denied it.”
Meg has to help Dean up--it’s like he can’t move on his own, even though he’s mostly unscathed from the crash. Meg’s gaze catches the scar on Dean’s face, the only visible mark of the crash four years ago.
“It wouldn’t be as special.” Cas smiles at him. “I have an idea.”
Cas was still alive. It had just been a reflex–leaning down, pressing his lips frantically, desperately against Cas’. And then there was the aforementioned rush to the hospital, and then Dean hadn’t wanted to bring it up.
The space between slumber and wakefulness is a golden field of opportunity if your partner likes to cuddle, and Dean’s been with Cas long enough to know that in a few minutes, Cas’s eyes will slowly open.
. And that’s actually…that’s not what I want to define myself as, you know?”
It’s been a nice fall, Castiel—no,
Cas makes an unusual amount of conversation, but leaves at closing time, like always, and Dean cleans up and grabs his jacket before walking out onto the cold street. On a whim, he googles...what was that guy’s name? Puccini?
“Okay,” Bobby says, looking Cas up and down, “You ever done an oil change?”
Dean knows he’s just absorbing–apparently the encyclopedic nature of Cas’s mind didn’t leave when his grace did–and that over lunch Cas will gush about whatever they’ve seen. He threads his arm through Cas’s, finds Cas’s hand and holds it, and Cas’s brow softens a little, the corner of his mouth quirking up even though he doesn’t stop reading.
“I helped!” Jack says from the floor, and Dean is half-sure that the pancakes are going to have salt instead of sugar, but he decides to just let the morning happen. He pulls himself away from Cas to get a cup of coffee, and then heads to the breakfast nook.
The taller one, in the shorter dress, smiles at them and then gives Dean a one-over. The other woman just looks away shyly, which is sort of what Cas feels like doing.
versus
3 cups all purpose flour
Cas’s eyes follow Dean around the room as he gets dressed--jeans, t-shirt, flannel, boots--and then Cas manages to get out, “Your raincoat’s by the door.”
Bobby pours himself some coffee.
Dean glares right back at him and resumes scrolling on his phone.
It’s late Saturday night when Cas decides to ruin Dean’s entire Sunday.
a good Caleb.)
But all of those things are true.
Finally, after a couple more minutes of prodding, Dean sits up, glares at Cas, and stumbles off to the bathroom. Cas puts his head in his hands.
Somehow this feels different.
“I mean, I…” Cas sinks into his chair. “I want to. Maybe. I don’t know. It’s...hard to talk to new people. I feel like I’ve got this giant sign on my forehead proclaiming that I’ve got problems.”
Tales of angels will tell you that only angels themselves could cross that barrier between heaven and earth, that fallen angels could not.
“You don’t know why you kissed me.”
(As for how one brushes their teeth in space—there are chewable toothpaste pellets, believe it or not. Charlie believes it.)
and--
the snowball fight." Cas took the opportunity to scoop up some snow and then grab the collar of Dean's coat, shoving the snow down the front of it. "Ack!" Dean shivered. "Rude."
Cas knows why Dean’s humoring him, and to be honest, Meg was joking around earlier, but it does feel a little bit like his birthday (which was less than a month ago). Cas doesn’t think he could ever explain to someone aloud, though, why it feels a little bit good to celebrate today, like he’s in control.
and he's pinned against the dryer in the bunker’s laundry room, because he accidentally put a red sock in the load of whites.
When Dean wakes up the next morning, it’s to the heavy weight of Cas halfway on top of him. There’s something stuck in his throat at the sight of his best friend, hair
Cas’s heart jumps, and then he remembers that Dean was out at the bar. “You’re drunk.”
While Dean goes to the kitchen to pop some popcorn, Meg tugs on Cas’s arm.
As always, Dean, Cas, and Meg arrive early and claim three chairs next to each other, Dean in the middle. Meg jokingly calls them “old-timers” at grief group--Cas isn’t sure if being a member of a grief support group is something to be proud of, but whatever makes Meg feel better.
“I went to roughly half of high school, Cas. And I barely had enough attendance to move onto the next grade.”
But after weighing and measuring and blood pressure is the finger prick, and the nurse tries to get Dean to stay out of the room but Jack starts
Cas is about to turn and head back to their kitchen, where he was making dinner, when he hears Dean say to Jack in a low voice, “I love you.” He squeeze Jack slightly. “Even if you wake me up in the middle of the night all the time. I love you so much.”
“Yeah?”
thing).
(Actually, that’s a lie. He’s still thinking about it.)
Sam’s in Hastings, doing some late-transfer-student applying to the local community college, trying to get back on that degree. Apparently he needs some extra stuff to get on a degree track again--dropping out of Stanford in your senior year to hunt monsters isn’t...normal. Eileen went with him, mostly to go to the big grocery store there and restock after the holidays. Jack is doing some god stuff, whatever that means, and Cas is...
“It was delicious,” Cas adds, following Jack in. His expression as he looks at Jack is warm and full, not the hard-edged sadness of yesterday, and Dean breathes an internal sigh of relief.
------------------------------------------------
Mick is doing something on his phone when Cas gets down, but he looks up at the sound of footsteps and shoves his phone in his pocket.
“Dean trusts you a lot,” Sam says, capturing one of Cas’s rooks.
He also thinks Dean is going places, too, even if Dean doesn’t believe it.
Cas reaches out to run a thumb over that scar, over Dean’s cheek. Dean chases the movement.
Now would be a great time--they’re already close, but instead of the closeness burning Cas, like it might have before, it’s a comforting balm. They’re in the shower--Cas had said he didn’t need help, that only his leg (with the cast currently wrapped in plastic to repel the hot spray) was broken.
didn’t make fun of him about it later.
what he was doing.
“I’m still here,” Cas says, moving his hand to hold Dean’s properly. “Come back to bed?”
Cannot.
The list of food stuck on the fridge with a magnet grows longer every subsequent day that Cas is on earth, and he would be lying if he said he didn’t like adding to it every time he sampled a new dish.
Dean watches Cas while he assembles the bouquet and puts it in one of the old cleaned-out spaghetti jars he always brings to give people their bouquets in so that they have water. Cas tries not to pay attention to Dean’s gaze, but his fingers keep slipping on the stems.
Cas’ head tilt somehow intensified. “What’s a grinch?”
“Eurgh.”
Then Halloween happens.
Since he found Cas lying dead in an armchair, shirt ripped and stomach sliced open, since he lied to April to bring Cas back.
The last weekend before finals and then, finally, summer break, everyone else is out at the bars, but Cas doesn’t drink and Dean wants to spend the last Friday night of freshman year with Cas, so they’ve got tickets to the drive-in movie theater on the outskirts of town.
“Love you too.”
.” Claire rolls her eyes just like she did at Dean earlier but lets Cas wrangle her into a one-armed hug.
“You barely know me.”
Dean finishes the last bite of his toast. “Best idea you’ve had all week, Cas.”
“Charlie told me something might happen but I thought she was messing with me,” Cas said, his voice full of awe. He was still staring at Dean and it was almost too much.
“Yes. The couch contained a copulating couple, so I can attest to that fact.”
When they got inside and shed their now-damp coats next to the front door (Cas knew he would regret not hanging up the coats immeadiately later, but right now he was
If Cas wasn’t asking it before, he definitely is now, with Dean’s face in full view: ruddy cheeks, pupils blown wide, hair tousled, looking down at Cas like he’s the only thing in the world.
The front yard of their little house was a veritable winter wonderland, like something out of a movie--icicles hanging from the eaves, a dusting of snow on the shrubbery, the front walk completely obscured by snow. It was beautiful enough that Dean didn't complain about his car, the Impala, being covered in snow (although that may have had something to do with him not having to dig it out and scrape it off to go to work).
Now, they’re standing outside the room, waiting for the projector to be set up, and Cas is all kinds of jittery.
Dean and Cas had been randomly assigned as roommates freshman year, and they were now halfway through their senior year of college and still living together. Dean couldn’t imagine it any other way--and he couldn’t imagine Cas thinking
When they were both standing over the sad stack of dirty dishes neither of them had washed after breakfast that morning, Dean pulled his car keys out of his pocket. “So what you do is you stab a hole low down on the can here, okay? And then put your mouth to the hole and pop the tab.”
with Lisa, Cas. We were talking about
(He does move, of course.)
they’re on their way.
“Humans.” Cas takes a long swig of beer. “This is the sort of thing that the other angels and I ignored.”
Half an hour later, Dean’s still moping in the kitchen and contemplating rummaging through the fridge for a beer–he’s pretty sure there are a couple still in there, behind Sam’s kale that he keeps stealing (kale is actually not
His mom drives them to Cas’s apartment, and Cas has to admit that he does miss the Impala somewhat, especially compared to his mom’s minivan. They’ve made a lot of memories in Baby--driving around town, going on trips like they did to Lawrence, spending languid Friday nights listening to music in the middle of nowhere with the windows rolled down instead of going to a party.
Cas nods.
Jack doesn’t like Castiel, not at first.
It’s Oregon and it’s rocky and salty and cloudy and the wind howls and it’s not exactly the beach vacation that he’d always dreamed about but it’s not so bad. They book a cottage for a week and accidentally become long-term renters, the windowsills lined with shells they found on the beach. Tiny kitchen piled with cookbooks. Knitted coasters from the old ladies at the local library in the living room. Nights spent curled up together under woolen blankets. They get used to the staticky old TV and watching tapes instead of cable. Long walks on the icy beach holding hands, wrapped in raincoats, Cas’s bright yellow.
“How else would I get to see you?”
Wednesdays are great because they all get to have lunch together.
But the room was colder than he expected without the tempering power of his grace, and the loneliness was greater, too. Cas longed to be held, to just
“I--I was just--” Dean sputters but Cas cuts him off.
“Naomi is coming, by the way,” Meg says.
Cody starts in with an example of someone telling him he “shouldn’t be sad about his grandmother’s death because she was old” and how he responded to that, and Cas halfway listens but, as always, his attention wanders.
After a lot of spell work, a little praying, and some blood, they found a way to yank Cas out of the Empty. At first, it was a joyous affair, a celebration full of hugging (and kissing, on Dean’s part), and Dean was thrilled to have his family back together.
He wasn’t alone anymore.
They all stood up and Tony led the professor out of the room. Standing right outside the door with junior agent Ned Dorneget was a tall man with chin-length hair, wearing an uncomfortable looking suit. When the man saw Castiel, he pulled him into a sudden hug.
“I’m–no, Cas, I’m not doing that. I’m–this was a bad idea.”
Cas startles, and Dean jerks back. “Sorry,” he says, “I gotta–uh, go feed my socks.” He’s off the couch in a flash, and when he gets to his room he flings himself onto his bed.
Cas doesn’t necessarily mark his years by January first anymore, none of them do, but it’s nice to have a reason to celebrate--and the whole world is celebrating tonight.
“Yeah, I’m an Aquarius. Wait. Star sign?” Dean wrenches Cas’s phone from his hands. “
“I guess my goal for the new year is to just...keep on living.” Another swig. “Which sounds dumb, huh?”
Charlie thinks, and then stops herself.
A curious expression appears on Dean’s face, like he wants to confront Cas about it but has decided not to.
He doesn’t bother to look for a bottle opener--all of Ash’s were stolen over the course of several years of parties (Dean’s fairly certain this is Ash’s sixth or seventh year at Arizona State. He’s certainly been here since before Dean.)--and instead pops off the cap on the edge of the counter and goes in search of some of his friends.
“Like it’s the nineteenth century?” Cas starts to fake-write in the air, saying in a silly accent, “
of fun), that he doesn’t notice the other person walking down the hall until they run directly into each other and Dean sloshes his beer all down their front.
(Dean once told Cas he blinks like an owl when he’s waking up. Cas did not appreciate that.)
nothing bad will happen. But the pillow isn’t fluffed up right, and there’s not enough blankets on this side, and—
, which was full of just…pictures of Dean. Pictures he’d never seen–blurry silhouettes of him watching TV, him flicking water at Cas while they did the dishes, his back while he was hunched over a textbook at the kitchen table.
He rolls over again.
(Sam’s father’s day gift is that Jack goes on a run with him–they return twenty minutes later because running is more tiring than Jack thought–and Dean’s is that he gets to pick the movie for movie night and they all get subjected to
Cas noticed this earlier, of course, but he didn’t really
Earlier, when Cas had been yanked out of the Empty by a portal in a seemingly nondescript barn in Pontiac, Illinois, Dean had instantly pulled him into a hug, wrapped his arms tight around Cas, leaned back and put a hand to Cas’ cheek. Cas had found himself chasing into the contact, even when Dean’s hand left and all that remained was Dean’s broad smile and a
Here’s the thing.
This morning, though, it had all come to a head. Dean had tried to make a joke at breakfast about something dumb, he couldn’t even remember what it was, and Cas had stomped out of the room (which was kind of depressing to watch, since he was on crutches).
“Ducky, in addition to being our medical examiner,” Abby replied, “Has a masters in psychology. We’re going to see if he can get you to remember anything, and then I’ll try and help you make a sketch of the perpetrator.”
listens to classic rock, Dean loves Taylor Swift. Needless to say, it’s a fun dinner.)
“of course you are, you sap. maybe a bath will help.”
He’s got a date tonight, at an Italian restaurant downtown–he’s hoping it doesn’t get cancelled like it has twice before because of an interrogation that went too long and a shoot-out that makes him sound brave but during which he was actually terrified.
“Mom had cancer,” Dean says. Cas takes a drink. “I was a kid. Dad was another story--Mom died, and he got mean. Sammy--that’s my brother--and I think that maybe she was the only thing keeping him nice. He got in an accident a few years ago. Drunk driving.”
“No, no, this’ll--I need to say this shit.” Dean swallows, before saying, “So, do you remember, about a year or so after we met, when we were trying to get the Colt back and gank Lucifer?”
In option three, the one Dean chooses, they leave and they ask for help. They leave and Cas has an actual bed to sleep in and doesn’t get his throat cut.
is Dean’s husband?”
Cas loses himself in the movement, running his hands through Dean’s hair, trying to get him
and you’ve never shotgunned a beer?”
“You seem...upset by that.”
“It’s not over yet,” Dean says, pointing at the sky. “We gotta watch the moon come out.”
“Never said I was peeking.” Dean cocks an eyebrow, and Cas feels his cheeks turn red.
Cas watches as Michael Douglas as Grady Tripp, the English professor, narrates his journey to rescue one of his students: “
Ancient Greek.
. This is almost too intimate, the gentleness, and it’s got a bit of an edge.
“…Maybe.”
“It’s...I dunno, a rec room or something. Thinking of putting a TV in here so we could watch movies. I’ve been calling it the Deancave and Sam has been getting annoyed with me.” Dean cracks a smile at a that. “Whaddya want to to talk about?”
(Because that’s another new thing–a house. A room for Dean and Cas, a room for Jack, a room for Sam and Eileen, and
Cas nodded once, as if he wasn’t totally convinced, and made to leave the room, but he still looked upset, and Dean didn’t like that, so he decided to try the clever method of not thinking and just saying whatever came to mind.
“We’re already better at it,” Meg replies. “Remember our first grief group?”
“You check in on him, make sure he’s alright,” Meg says once they hear Dean’s bedroom door shut. “I’ll find something to watch.”
wants to help with laundry so that he can get wrapped in a warm blanket.)
“Dean, you know I’ve never even gone to a party.”
books somehow. After being pleasantly surprised by a student discount, Cas decides to take his books to the hotel’s coffeeshop to do some reading and maybe drink some coffee that doesn’t taste like it’s four days old.
“Heya, Cas,” Dean says, “Budge over.”
Dean, like the stupidly in love fool he is, replies, “Of course,” without thinking of the consequences.
I HAVE BEEN SO EXCITED ABOUT SHARING THIS CHAPTER I felt like having Dean and Cassie talk would just be the best for Dean <3 <3 <3
“Toast to be shaped like a heart? Yeah.” It sounded worse, and so goddamn cheesy, out loud. Dean would have spit out his orange juice, too.
“Dean?” Cas says.
The thing is, Cas is aware of his flaws, better than anyone. He doesn’t pick up his dirty socks. He’s rude before coffee. Sometimes he talks too much and other times not enough. He doesn’t love going out, the crush of people, noise, and booze overwhelming. He actually
When Cas wakes up, he can’t decide if it’s better or worse than the day before—or a lethal combination of both.
“We went to the grocery store!” Jack says. “There was a
burn the bacon while his husband was wrapped around him like a goddamn koala.
Ever since Cas mentioned that the cashier at the grocery store (because Cas is somehow friends with
“It’s your shirt. Go for it.” Dean tries to appear nonchalant, but it’s a bit difficult. Since Cas has been in hoodies at the audition and the rehearsal, he wasn’t expecting chiseled collarbones or the faint outline of muscles on Cas’s arms.
“Let’s try this conversation again–” Dean started, but he was interrupted by Cas sitting up and kissing him.
Once they board the plane, though, Cas wonders if it was worth it to fly to the meeting, after all.
They finished washing the dishes in comfortable silence. Once the last plate was balanced on the drying rack next to the sink, Dean turned to Cas. "What do you say we get some rest, too?"
Dean sighed heavily as he shut the front door behind him. He’d been at the warehouse since midnight, and when his shift ended at six am, he couldn’t get home fast enough.
“That was a one-time special. And now I can watch you eat instead.” Elder brandishes the tray. “I brought breakfast.”
“Whatcha got there?” Dean asks, studying two socks with fish on them. They’re different. Maybe.
(Moving into a house all together seems like a great idea sometimes and a terrible one other times. Right now is a little bit of both.)
If Cas were having this conversation with anyone else, he would feel totally scrambled, but it’s Lorraine, so he marshals a response.
(Not that he agrees with all of Dean’s ideas. But this one isn’t self-destructive, and Dean seems so excited that he goes along with it.)
but Cas doesn’t mind.
When Dean’s aware of his surroundings again, he’s laying on one of the beds of the hotel room. He’s somewhat cognizant of the fact that his hair is wet and someone put his pajamas on him, and he turns his head to see Cas laying on the bed next to him, propped up on elbows and watching the TV on mute.
Cas,” Dean says, the emphasis on the
“Thought I’d find you here,” Cas says, coming up behind him. “It was this or looking at pies in the freezer section. I checked there first.” He has a bag from Goodwill hanging off of his arm--Dean catches a glimpse of the yellow sweater Cas had been eyeing.
Cas is about to say that Dean doesn’t need to apologize, that he knows it’s been a while and he’s really okay with that, but the words die on his lips when Dean sets the box of condoms to the side and lowers himself back down onto Cas.
“Well, good morning to you too, sunshine. Toast?” Dean offers the side of the plate with the jelly-covered pieces of toast to Cas.
But the other part of him really, really wants this, and that part wins out.
“You’re pretty good at all this healing stuff. Must be all the practice.” Dean raises an eyebrow. “Although I think I could use more.”
“Dean and Meg,” Lorraine says, “They see you as more than your attempt, and they’re the two people who know about it.”
Cas has to think back thousands of years, but he has an answer at the ready. “A long time ago,” he starts, only it’s not quite so long for him, or maybe it is, now that he’s spent so much time on Earth, “I was in a village. Egypt, I think. The geography wasn’t important at the time. And there was a little girl. She was…quite ill. She had been kidnapped and beaten, and when her family got her back, she was alive but didn’t wake up.”
It was clear when Cas was still lying in bed, drifting in and out of sleep when he wasn’t being plied with some horrendous herbal tea that Dean had found shoved in the back of the cabinet, at noon that dinner was out of the question. Dean felt panic swirling in his stomach, both for Cas’ well-being and for his proposal plans.
It’s a lot of new sensations at once, as was the night that led to this moment, last night, when Dean hauled him out of the brothel, howling with laughter, before sobering up and saying, “New plan.”
------------------------------------------------
How is he going to make it through two more nights of this?
he was forgetting something. It felt too good to be true to get some alone time, seeing as Cas was staying late at the university for an event. Claire and Emma had done their homework, Jack had taken a bath and gone down without a fuss (he had entered the terrible threes a couple months ago and whoever said babies were hard never met a toddler), and Dean was going to
“Alright,” Dean says, eventually pulling away. “Let’s go home.”
When they get off the bus and walk into the hotel, Dean tries to grab Cas by the wrist to pull him through the spinning door, but Cas jerks away, and that’s when Dean’s silence ends. Once they’re in the hotel lobby, he stops short.
“What’s on your mind?” he asks.
Despite the warmth and contentment that come from having someone in your bed, Dean still wakes up at the asscrack of dawn because he can’t sleep, and he finds himself in the kitchen, contemplating making something extravagant for everyone for breakfast since he has the time. French toast, maybe?
Four minutes may not seem like a lot of time, but it’s just enough for Cas’ favorite part of his morning routine. While Cas busies himself with finding the cream and honey and his favorite spoon for stirring his tea and the little ceramic dish with bees and flowers on it that he likes to set his tea bag on, Dean will invariably shuffle into their kitchen, switch on the coffeemaker that he prepped the night before, and then drape himself over Cas.
“Call collected,” the automated woman says smoothly, and then she’s overtaken by a different gruff voice that Cas doesn’t have to guess about the origin of.
Dean is breathing steadily next to him, one of his arms thrown across Cas’s stomach, and Sam retired with Eileen in tow at least an hour before Dean and Cas went to bed. And, of course, Jack went to bed before all of them–thankfully, he only threw the tiniest of tantrums about Cas reading him two books instead of three.
weird.
“You think Abby can help?” Ziva asked, and Gibbs nodded.
“Then
The other words remained unspoken. They didn’t have to be said, because Dean knew them to be true.
“Why are you doing this?” Cas asked. “Ignoring it for a week and then bringing it up like this?”
privy to—Castiel has a dog named Miracle, who he describes as “some kind of dog-dog” when asked the breed, for some reason he owns a car from the 60’s, she doesn’t know what make and model, even though he drives a Prius hybrid to be climate-conscious, and he likes to work in his garden in his (limited) free time.
Just as they’re about to pile into the Impala and Jody’s car to head downtown, Claire grabs Dean’s arm and looks him up and down. “That’s what you’re wearing?”
procedural crime shows.
"Today," Jack declared, "Is the best day
But he knows that this time he didn’t almost drown, because he doesn’t have the same raw feeling in his chest, and there aren’t whispers about
“idiot,” dean mutters, but he’s smiling.
“So…” Cas finally croaks out after a minute of stunned silence, “If we’re a thing, or whatever—”
He runs a hand through his hair nervously, takes a sip of his drink.
“I don’t drink,” Dean adds.
“And you, Mr. Winchester, are their teacher.”
The air is clear and cold, the stars forming a canopy above them. Half of the party is inside, playing an increasingly elaborate game of not-quite-beer-pong, but some of them have come outside, wrapped in their coats, watching the night sky.
“We’ll have to wake up at the ass-crack of dawn, Cas.”
“Do you wanna stop?” Dean asks, and Cas considers the question. Part of him does, the part of him that worries that this’ll ruin their friendship, that he’ll lose Dean.
“Of course I do.” Now it’s Dean’s turn to glare, as if to say,
Dean glanced over at Cas, seated next to him in the Impala, rattling off facts about flight patterns of birds. With the mid-afternoon sun on Cas’s face, how he kept running his hands through his hair, his posture strewn-out and comfortable...
“None of the…you didn’t beg. The other times.”
Dean’s never been able to remember when the world went from the black-and-white slate it is for everyone else to the rainbow sheen he’s always seen. He’s thought back, reaching for even a fragment of a memory, but the grass has always been green and Cas’s eyes have always been that particular shade of blue.
(Cas definitely doesn’t know how.)
Cas walks to his living room and flops on the couch. He says with zero preamble, “We need to talk.”
to another hunt and it turns into the rest of his life, when all of that peace is past, when Jess is gone and Mark turns out to be a demon and he doesn’t stop running.
something), cups Cas’s ass--that’s never happened to him before--and then:
Especially shit Cas doesn’t want to think about.
Cas woke up Monday morning to a freezing--and empty--bed. He sat up, rubbing his eyes and sliding his feet into his slippers next to his bed. He could hear the radio playing from downstairs, overlapped with toddler chatter.
10. Bitch about his morning breath.
“You were Cas, but you weren’t
“If you rescued me just to yell at me, I’m going back,” Cas says drily, and it’s his particular, inimitable brand of snark that breaks through the cacophony of emotions Dean’s been trying to get a handle on since Cas died.
I expect the house to still be intact. You mess with Cas’s mug collection and we’re gonna have a problem.”
“This whole apartment is linoleum,” Dean snaps before swinging himself off the barstool and quietly storming out of the room.
1 teaspoon baking soda
Or so he’s heard.
It’s a good thing they’re together, because otherwise one of them would have gotten lost.
Castiel may not sleep, but he does sink into a fairly deep meditative state in the quiet darkness of Dean’s room. He “comes to” an indeterminate amount of time later to see that the room is empty, save him, and that all the bottles and trash are gone.
“Cas, I swear you’d lose your head if it wasn’t attached to you,” Dean says, finding the keys to Cas’ truck underneath one of his cookbooks in the bunker’s kitchen for the third time this week.
“Yeah. I just like it.” Dean doesn’t know how to explain to Cas how nice it is to use his hands to make something. Yeast is alive. The bread is alive. The soft and warm and pliable under his hands and it reminds him that he’s more than what came before.
to be asleep right now (long weeks at the auto shop always knock him out), he pulls himself out of bed and pads around to the other side of his bed, where Jack is standing, poking Cas’ face.
(Plus Cas was hot. It was infuriating.)
Everyone but Cas.
When they’d moved out of the bunker, leaving it as a hunting base, Dean and Sam had independently chosen houses ten minutes away from each other, and when Sam’s birthday rolled around, Dean had the idea to throw him a surprise party—which, of course, put Cas in charge of
“I do that?”
No one else drives the Impala and Dean doesn’t ride in a car someone else is driving. Cas hasn’t taken a bath in four years, showers only, so he’s not going to judge Dean’s hang-ups. He’s got his own, and it’s also nice to have someone drive him somewhere.
while they eat dinner, and when they have lunch on campus with Meg, they play footsie, and Meg keeps
Oh. Claire. Another person Cas had made a promise to–Cas had said he’d come visit Jody and the girls for Claire’s junior college graduation. If he misses that…well. He can’t do that to Claire.
Did Castiel make up his dog?”
Cas says.
He peels himself out of bed and throws on the clean jeans and sweater (his favorite, a blue-and-grey cable-knit one that Dean got him for Christmas a few years ago) before padding out into their apartment’s tiny kitchen, where Dean is already dressed (his usual look: jeans, band tee that’s definitely had at least three previous owners, flannel) and staring at something intently on his phone. Dean looks up at his as Cas walks in.
Beyond enough.
“Do you, uh, want to do something? A guy’s date night?” Dean was clearly joking, because he was
“Thought all of that stuff was crap.” Dean takes his coffee from Cas, takes a sip. It’s just as bad going down as he expected.
Cas slips his feet out of his sandals and props them on the dashboard–Cas is the only person Dean lets do that, because Cas is the only person Dean lets do a lot of things.
Dean kisses him again, and again, and again, and Cas knows that he’s trying to keep saying
. Well that’s not very helpful, is it? But I would say that spearmint is your best bet. It’s what most people have growing in their yards, so I’m guessing that’s what the recipe wants.”
It’s little things at first--Cas keeps leaving his coffee cups on Dean’s nightstand, his socks find their way into Dean’s dirty clothes hamper, Dean finds Cas’ books stacked up on his dresser.
(He’s stolen it, before, for Sam when they were kids, but now Dean
Jack holds on, wrapping his arms around Cas’s middle, before mumbling a teary, “Happy Father’s Day, Cas,” into his shoulder. Cas hugs him tight right back.
“Oh.” Dean points at his backpack, which is at Cas’s feet. “In the front pocket.”
(As far as they know.)
Smaller varieties of apple trees can grow to between six and twenty feet tall, and as Cas bought these trees from the very friendly people at the garden supply store (they now know him by name and he has a loyalty card) in Salina as saplings about a month ago, it should take them three years to reach anything close to those heights.
Surprisingly, it works, and they end up at a place downtown called Miss Carousel that Kevin told Charlie got good reviews on Yelp.
“Would be nice,” Cas admits.
“Breathe better.”
“Father’s Day?” Cas says. “I’ve never heard of it.”
But Cas doesn’t really feel like getting out of bed, so instead he just sits up and switches on the little lamp on his nightstand and starts reading–when he’s not reading his bird book, it’s usually trashy mystery novels.
what Dean’s trying to say, but as he reflects, his pulse quickens, his nerves increase–what if this doesn’t convince him?
And maybe it won’t be the best year yet, but Cas is determined: he’s going to be there for every minute of it.
(Cas loves both of them so much, too.)
Dean’s car is a story in of itself.
(The last time they brought her with them to lunch, she escaped and Cas had to chase her across campus in a suit.)
“You weren’t kidding when you said there were cooks on the ship,” Castiel says. One bite of a flakey, circular pastry with some type of berry in the middle has his taste buds begging for more.
Cas grits his teeth. “Yeah.”
“Tomorrow,” Cas says, leaning his head on Dean’s shoulder, “Will you help me plant the carrots and cucumbers?”
Dean rolls his eyes. “Yeah, yeah, okay. After we take care of ‘whatever it is,’ let’s take a trip down the west coast. Just to see what we can see.”
(Dean carefully avoids Bobby’s gaze when Sam says that.)
Eventually, though, tiredness overtook them and the kisses got lazier and lazier, until Dean pressed an open-mouthed kiss to Cas’ jaw and leaned heavily into him.
get it, because he abandons all pretense and leans in, pressing his lips against Dean’s. Dean’s breath hitches as he gets a handful of Cas’ shirt (which is actually one of Dean’s that he threw at Cas last semester to get him to stop wearing button-downs all the time), and then their lips slide together.
“I can go first,” Cas continued. “If that would make you more comfortable.”
He’s been here for nearly three hours.
“If my head wasn’t attached, I’d be dead,” Cas replies petulantly.
Once they got back to said house, it was just one thing after another. Jack pulled Miracle’s tail and almost got bit, made a mess in the living room after playing in the garden and coming back in covered in dirt, and got mad that Dean did
After that, the party is kind of chaotic, what with the large number of people and how excited everyone is to get to talk to each other. Present-opening takes at least an hour, and then there’s cake (Jack accidentally drops his first slice, which Miracle happily gobbles up), but by the time the sun begins to set, everyone’s just drinking beer and talking.
“He’s just sleeping.”
It keeps happening. It’s always happened, but now Cas is noticing it, realizing it for what it really is. Dean’s not just looking, he’s saying something, and it’s big, big enough that it doesn’t need words.
“Neither. Got a call from the space station—experiment 231 is toast. I already contacted Marshall.”
characters, and a plethora of other costumes.
“Are you sure you want me to do this?” Dean asks.
Doesn’t matter. They’re together. That’s the important part.
Cas’s moves first, otherwise Dean would have broken Mick’s jaw. As it is, though, Cas’s aim is clumsy, and while blood spurts from Mick’s nose upon contact, Cas’s knuckles throb.
eats some stale popcorn, and decides to give up and call it a night at about ten pm. For once, he sort of wishes he was with his friends, getting drunk and overanalyzing vapid TV shows.
Hoping to catch Cas off balance, Dean tosses a wink at him, which turns out to be a dangerous move, because Cas just bends lower over him and whispers, lips close enough to brush his ear and make him shiver, “So you want to play it that way?”
And that was how Dean found himself where he was now, standing in the middle of the bunker’s library, staring at Cas’ back.
“He’s different in person,” Tony commented as they watched Dean get wheeled in by Castiel, Sam hovering close behind. “More...shrunken?”
Today, though, rain pounds on the eaves of their house, a house with creaky stairs and one leaky window in the sunroom (which Dean refers to as the greenhouse, because Cas keeps all his indoor plants there) and a big yellow kitchen with flea market barstools that Cas sits on while Dean cooks.
“Better not be a surprise that involves lighting your shirt on fire,” Dean says, ruffling Jack’s hair as he heads to the fridge to find some cream for the coffee.
Which is why Dean’s been going to therapy.
By the time they got back to their apartment after the party, both of them were well and truly trashed. The two and a half beers they’d each had at their apartment, practicing shotgunning, combined with several drinks, some terrifying Jungle Juice (it was made at a frat house, so
, and then Dean topples under the weight of a very perplexed angel.
International Space Station
“Judging by Dean’s message? Pretty bad.” Charlie has all the board games, and she’s having just as much trouble knocking on the door. Eventually, she gives up and gives it a good kick.
“Okay,
“You won’t.” Cas sounded so goddamn confident.
Meg raises her bottle of cream soda. “I’m good.” She mimes throwing up when Dean kisses Cas on the cheek before he goes, but then she settles back into her chair. Except for the sound of a random couple making out in a darkened corner of the porch and the chattering of another group by the grill, it’s quiet.
So Dean puts a tarp over it and eschews the roof repairs for now. Instead, he’ll fix that rotted step and caulk some windowpanes and figure out how to make their kitchen table less wobbly. Cas will visit the birds every day until they’re gone, and Dean will have to admit that he sort of misses them, too.
“He runs to the park here,” Castiel said, pointing to Willard Avenue Neighborhood Park on the map, “And then back to our apartment the same way.”
“Dean.”
“Sonofa—“ Dean inhales again. “You done yet?”
“You, too,” Cas replies, watching her walk away in a daze.
.” Dean seizes Castiel by the front of his t-shirt and pulls him into a messy, bruising kiss. The popcorn bowl overturns between them, but Castiel can’t find it in himself to care.
as "promised," this is a bit early!
“Yeah,” Castiel says, “So did you.” It’s a dumb answer, but he feels awfully tongue-tied.
He’s at the grocery store. He’s not a kid anymore, stealing food because his mom’s dead and his dad’s well on the way, half-drunk on sorrow and all the way drunk on booze. He has a family waiting for him–
***************************
“Tell me, Cas,” Dean has him by the elbow again, is leading him back out of the venue, “What guy do you know that’s shy but nice, has dark hair and blue eyes, has two cats--and the cat’s names are Lily and Marigold?”
“Oh!” Dean scoops Jack up. “I thought I lost you.”
He must have napped for several hours, because when he and Cas switched drivers at a random rest stop, the sun was still high overhead, scorching, but now it’s setting, casting a glow across Cas’s features, outlining his face in sunlight.
So maybe he’s not a morning person, and this isn’t a usual Saturday in the Winchester household.
Eventually, breakfast is ready, and Jack reveals it with a flourish–a platter of very pink pancakes. “They’re strawberry,” Jack says to the chorus of raised eyebrows.
It’s a good moment.
The flowers go in a vase on their bedside table.
was your husband!”
Department night is the academic conference equivalent of a rager.
“Nothing,” Cas hedges.
“If you know I don’t want to, then why ask?” Dean bursts out, and then Sam reaches out an arm and lays a hand on his brother’s shoulder. Dean takes a deep breath.
If he hadn’t been bullied at school, would the preexisting chemical imbalance in his brain be just another quirk, another thing to put on the laundry list of his personality traits? Or would something bad have happened eventually, further on down the line?
Dean looks down to Jack, his face partially pressed into Dean’s chest. Jack is no longer openly sobbing but still has tear streaks down his face. .
He wasn’t the first angel and he wasn’t the last, and even though he was a seraph the ranks were vast and he faded into the background, simply
Cas decides that ignoring Dean is the best course of action and keeps shaving. “We knew that would happen.”
“There’s nothing in there,” Dean says. “Or did you forget that we only own this house as of an hour and a half ago?”
“1967,” Dean said proudly. “Was my dad’s car first. He was a Marine, too. Served in Vietnam.”
“You can call me Cas, you know. Since you’re giving me relationship advice, and all.”
Eventually, Dean moves on to watching the TV and just bouncing Jack in his lap (their son hasn’t gained Dean’s affinity for soap operas, but he’s only a baby. And Cas is hoping to get him into nature documentaries, anyways).
well, actually, why did he hide all those muscles under a trench coat for years?) and his blue eyes are all kinds of piercing, and that paired with his gravelly voice makes him appear stoic and maybe a little imposing to people they interview.
“Oh.” Now Cas was staring at him. “I didn’t realize.”
It’s meditative, almost, and Cas isn’t sure how long he’s been in the bath before the water sloshes, displaced. He lets his eyes flutter open to see Dean climbing into the tub.
Dean’s on his fifth beer–you can tell from the stack of bottles next to him on the table–and he’s got a knife in his hand. Dean knows what was running through his head at this moment, because there’s a lot you can do to yourself with a knife, and he considers it, hovering the blade over his hand–
———————————————
Dean was woken up far earlier than usual by the sound of Cas next to him in their bed, coughing like he was about to hack up a lung. Dean sat up and rolled over, pressing a hand to his forehead, to discover that Cas was burning up.
“Okay, but you have to come
Dean turns off the TV with a click of the remote and turns to Cas. “If you want to do it today, it’s gotta be this morning.”
The chase is exhilarating and for a long time there’s been nothing like the open road. But it sure is pretty nice to have a little something at the end of the journey to look forward to besides a salt-n-burn–friends, family, a soft bed, and a warm embrace.
They didn't go inside immeadiately, though. Instead, Dean took Cas’ hand in his, slowly and tentatively, and Cas’ wings stretched out over both of them, warming in the waning sun, and for the first time in a while, things were genuinely calm.
) with derision. Dean, who takes up the other half of their bed in the cramped apartment half a mile from campus, whose beers are crowding out all of Cas’s lettuce in the fridge, whose shoes are scattered by the front door, who has been watching all of Cas’s nature documentaries with him for the past year and a half and always lets Cas be the big spoon.
And underneath the date are the words
If anyone asked Claire point-blank, she would say that the worst way a twelve-year-old could spend their summer was hanging out with their baby brother, but Jack was actually
(They do end up going to the sustainable energy lecture, and Dean asks a question just so he can say “dam.”)
aware that he’s shirtless. He had fallen asleep fitfully after Elder had eventually left, shedding all but his pants. He’d been somehow both too hot and too cold, and so he had tried to find a way to compromise. The temperature notwithstanding, the mattress in his chamber was so lumpy that he actually missed being cryogenically frozen, where he didn’t have to worry about comfort. Or anything else. “Because that’s creepy.”
“And shorter.”
“Cas!” Naomi crowds into the room, surprisingly boisterous for her slim form, her worry seeming to take up all the empty space in the room. “Oh, my baby--” She comes to the bed, wrapping her arms around Cas’s neck.
Cas wants to say that Dean can’t talk about
“Like us?” Dean asked. He and Cas had borrowed each other’s underwear before in their three years of living together, so he figured their relationship was a pretty damn good litmus test.
Cas hasn’t been home since August, when he left for the semester, because Pontiac is about eight hours away, but he talks to either his mom or his dad at least once a week. Naomi is busy with teaching though, and Chuck is a bit absent-minded. He’s a writer, and he has depression like Cas.
kiss you.”
Here’s the best part, though, of Cas’s focus: no matter what they’re watching, whether they’re in the Deancave bingewatching
Cas grabs a cookie and takes a bite as he continues the search. Dean is an excellent cook and baker, and he can make something so simple like a sugar cookie taste
“Well, it might help if you didn’t break into my room every other day.”
Tuesday is typical--class, homework, an episode or two of
Maybe it’s the alcohol that’s making Dean brave. He should be scared. He is scared. He told himself this would happen. He’s just following the script. Cas plays Caleb, but Dean
The rest all run together.)
“More microwave popcorn.”
Before this, before Dean was on top of him, warm and solid, pressing Cas into the mattress, they were in the living room, the end credits and theme of
You still haven’t answered my question.” Elder is staring at him, and it’s a little unnerving.
“So you’ve told me.”
(The fourth time they share a bed, it’s routine.)
“Dumb sonofabitch,” Dean watches a phantom version of himself say–an echo. “I carried that around for a year,” he adds, in his own voice, and then the scene changes to Dean, lying in bed and jolting up at the sight of Cas’s face in a window.
isn’t the first thing Dean says when he pulls Cas through the portal, covered in goo and bleeding from the throat. Instead, he strips his flannel off and presses it to Cas’s neck and all he can choke out is
It tended to be their default emotion.
“Daphne Allen’s here,” Tony said. “Ziva put her in interrogation two.”
Pity. Dean could have handled never seeing him again.
The man--Lyman--stooped to set the bouquet of yellow flowers he was holding on the grave, and then turned around and nearly ran face-first into Dean. Lyman’s face was riddled with tear tracks.
Yeah.
“Your father requests your presence,” the guard says, and Elder’s smile instantly drops.
Sam shakes his head. “Help me get up.”
Cas has been looking at him with this wide open expression since he came back, like all he needs is to just be able to
Or were they?
That sets Cas off into a fit of uncontrollable laughter, and by the time he catches his breath, there are tears in his eyes. “Glad I didn’t take a drink then,” Cas says.
“Did it yesterday,” Ned replied. “And I’m on the Simmons case today.”
“I’ve been better. Dr. Turner is about to ream me over this essay. I may have…left it until the last minute.” Dean paused. “How are you?”
“Let’s go back to bed,” Cas said. He sat up, and Dean let Cas pull him up, too.
Cas shrugged and stared out the window.
Before Cas had chance to lob his snowball, he was being tackled onto the ground, the snow icy on his neck, Dean grinning at him from on top of him. Seconds later, a tiny snowball hit Dean in the forehead and both Dean and Cas craned their heads to see Jack standing next to them and giggling.
“Thank god,” he replies, “It’s–yeah. It’ll be good to have people here.”
got this.”
“Dr. Novak told us you were
Sam liked to say,
“About seven,” Dean replies, dropping his head onto Cas’ shoulder, still drowsy.
“What do you want for dinner?” Dean asks.
Of course, they’d still be going on hunts and getting covered in graveyard dirt or ghoul guts or other shit, but they’d also grill out and work in their garden and go on dates to the crappy movie theater in Lebanon and do a hell of a lot of this–just being close to each other. And happy.
And Cas’s things, too, his toothpaste and face wash that smelled like watermelons (Jack had picked it out).
“Those are for Emma’s bake sale!” Dean says.
“About an hour from Sioux Falls.”
(Even if Cas decides he wants to take up stamp collecting when they get back home to Kansas.)
adventures.
Cas tries not to stare after Rufus’ truck as it drives away with him and Dean in it, but he can’t help it. He’s concerned about how things are going to go--Dean clearly doesn’t want to go to the prison and visit his father, but it seems like he doesn’t have a choice.
Subjectively, this hunt went well. They tracked down the kitsune, they realized that she wasn’t the cause of the string of murders, they found a werewolf and ganked it. The kitsune thanked them and moved on.
“Why didn’t you make him leave until he messed with me?” Dean flings a hand out. “He was mocking you before that.”
Cas banishes everyone from the garage, so Dean actually helps Sam with research for once instead of avoiding it to work on one of the cars. Cas lets Eileen in on whatever his plan is, though, and since he’s is far better at signing than Sam and Dean, they have no clue what’s going on.
But what are you supposed to do when your whole purpose has changed? When you’ve changed?
Dr. Moseley is looking at Dean, too. “He didn’t sustain any major injuries,” she says. “Just a minor concussion. But we’ve looked at his medical file, and--”
scribbled on them that he’d stuck to the bunker fridge. Movie tickets from his and Cas’s first real-deal date (because no, rescuing someone from the Empty doesn’t count as a first date, not in Dean’s book). An origami crane Eileen made one night while they were all watching TV in the Deancave. Jack’s course schedule for the community college in the next town over.
“No. Well, yes, but no. Holidays.” Cas shrugs. “Time has no real meaning when you’re an angel. We weren’t supposed to see humans like this.” He turns toward Dean, his gaze as arresting as ever. “How would you describe today?”
“Oh, I do.” Dean swings his backpack on. “I’m hoping you decide that you like me.”
He hopes whoever Dean loves likes this bouquet.
“You get me?” Dean asks, and Cas nods. Dean slides back to his seat and starts the car.
Later, when the sun’s almost set, Dean and Cas’ll wake up and decide to go to that pizza place they saw on their way into town for dinner. Cas’ll pull on a sweatshirt to cover up his bandage and Dean will hold his hand across the sticky table. Dean’ll try to order a meatlovers but Cas will convince him to get bell peppers on it, too, and then that night they’ll watch a movie. Or maybe they’ll do something else in that bed. Or maybe they’ll sleep again.
Dean somehow finds a way to elbow him.
Tuesday’s not much better–some other kid at lunch says they’re “weird” because they don’t have a mom, so Dean dumps his milk carton out onto that kid’s head.
“Where’s Kevin when you need him?” Charlie mutters, wanting someone to talk to about the development with.
Instead, he shoves Cas, saying through gritted teeth, “You
“...So why are you so upset that she dumped you?”
“Very nice, Dean.”
“…What about ‘route?’” Cas fingers curl around air quotes.
“Okay, great.” Where are those socks he dropped?
“You’re sure you
He can’t get in.
is one of the things keeping him from getting totally scrambled. That, and Dean occasionally reminding him that he exists (that Cas exists, not that Dean exists), and bi-weekly sessions with Lorraine.
“You’re not in charge of me,” Cas says, his smile getting bigger.
“You were in the Marines, though, right?” Tim asked.
“Nice that you didn’t automatically say that you’re sorry.”
Dean’s been...well. He’s been both not like Cas expected and exactly like Cas expected.
Dean hadn’t realized how unhappy Cas had been in the past until recently. Maybe it was the fact that the Empty deal wasn’t weighing on him anymore (not that Dean had known about the deal until the very last minute), but he’s been tempered. Open. Calm. Cas’s shoulders are relaxed and he’s replaced his bulky trench coat with a well-worn navy blue sweatshirt he found at a thrift store. Hell, Cas is wearing
and he looks damn good in them. Five, Cas is a pretty good kisser.
It has since Cas yanked him out of hell--no,
It’s then that Cas notices the wheelchair in the corner, which Dean dutifully wheels over to the couch, offering his brother a plastic board. Sam uses his arms to transfer himself from the couch to the chair, and then adjusts his sitting position, pulling out the board and swiveling his chair to face Cas.
“I--I didn’t want to waste the water, I guess. That probably sounds nuts.”
“Good.” Dean wants to push Cas’s mouth open with his own, but he’s pretty sure neither of them will make it home if that happens.
“You’ve got that internship, right? In Chicago?”
for the umpteenth time (and if Dean was okay with the pick because he got to stare at Heath Ledger, well...that was his business) that the answer came to Dean. He was happiest here, now, with Cas, watching a 90s rom-com and being wrapped up in about six blankets. He was excited to have a whole rest of his lifetime of moments like this.
----------------------
They stay like that, trading soft touches in the nighttime quiet of their bed, until Cas goes, “Dean, do you know how a mortgage works?”
Dean shifts slightly as Cas gets up, but doesn’t awaken. Cas is extra careful as he pads out of their room and to the bathroom–the floors of their new-old house creak, and he’s sure to miss the boards that he knows make the most noise.
Not the normal things, no. It would make sense if Cas left his toothbrush or a pair of boxers or half of a set of gloves, but if it made sense, it wouldn’t be Cas. Instead, Cas leaves half-finished sketches of flowers (always on pieces of Dean’s graph paper that Cas stole), origami animals that he’s made out of gum wrappers and other small trash, and, once, a DVD of Alfred Hitchcock’s
Dean just let himself drive for a while, continuing to feel the road. They were passing one of their favorite gas stations, just outside of town, when Dean heard the oh-so-familiar wail of sirens once again.
Mick Davies (United Kingdom)
Cas shakes his head and then remembers that Dean can’t see him. “Uh, no. I haven’t left yet.”
if it wasn’t great.
Tonight’s prayer starts like any other–Dean unmakes his bed (okay, he rearranges the blankets, he never
“Huh.” Dean considers the question, sprawling further on the couch. “I guess not. I wasn’t really enjoying it anymore.”
he says,
“Not if you’ve seen it ten times.”
“Hasn’t
Cas keeps listening.
not even at gunpoint). The dulcet tones of the song
He’s just like all the other guys at the bureau–a string of ex-wives who couldn’t handle the pressures of his job, no children (that he knows of), an almost crushing dedication to his work, no room for a private life.
“With extra cream, just like you asked for,” Cas says in a low voice, setting the cups on the table before sitting down and instantly honing back in on his document.
Cas just sighs and sets the medicine bottle back on the nightstand next to the tea before turning off the lights and climbing into bed next to Dean. In usual Cas fashion, he plasters himself against Dean’s back, wrapping his arms around Dean’s torso, his breath warm on Dean’s neck.
“Even better.” Elder’s smile is all teeth.
“You said to make it casual.” There was the goddamned head tilt again. “Was this not casual enough?”
Cas supposes that he can’t truly be annoyed, because this was what Jack wanted. He spent a week as God and during that time found a way to pull Cas out of the Empty, had some pretty good ideas for how to redesign Heaven, and then got very, very tired.
anyways, thank y'all for sticking around and reading! <3
Then, they make pancakes, which usually gets Dean to actually wake up and join them. After that, they go to the farmer’s market.
Cas is dressed almost the same as he was last week: scruffy blue Converse with writing on the sides, a pair of ill-fitting jeans, a sweatshirt, his hair parted down the middle and tucked behind his ears. It’s not
“Dad, can we turn the mixer back on?” Claire asks.
“Dean?”
Cas shakes his head. “Why aren’t you asleep?”
(Well, then Dean has to kiss him again. It’s only right. But they don’t scandalize any children.)
Cas knows where Dean is taking them.
“Glad to know I’m appreciated,” Dean chokes out.
“Hey, hey, hey, it’s okay…shhh…” There was a thunking noise, like Dean had tripped over something. “
“But he’s out like a light now,” Dean says. “He’s already better at sleeping, it’s like he knows I don’t get much even without a crying baby.”
“Is cute,” Tony interjected, and then after a look from Gibbs, quickly added, “And an English professor at George Washington with our Dr. Novak.”
Dean shakes his head. “We’re getting paint.”
“That’s definitely how this works.” Dean turns his head to grin at Cas. He didn’t realize how close his shifting made them--Cas’s face is now inches from his, eyes smiling at him with crinkles in the corners. They just keep getting bluer. Dean glances down at Cas’s mouth, lips curved up in a smile.
Instantly, Dean lets go and pulls away from Cas, sitting back, his weight heavy on Cas’s crotch. “Shit. Are you--are you okay? Do you not want to? Because we don’t have to--”
At least they let him rest in the infirmary first.
. Half of Dean’s horticulture homework is flashcards, and because Dean is trying to avoid doing stuff for his required math class, he takes his time drawing all the plants on the cards.
later, as cas sinks into the bathwater, dean asks, handing him a washcloth, “how could a former angel be allergic to grass?”
(He’d then amended that statement to say that they’d
“Well, what am I…” Cas sighs. “Even if Lisa is...Dean’s not. He’s—”
Dean reads the words again.
“Let’s go,” Dean says abruptly, a slight blush forming on his cheeks. He grabs Cas’ hand to pull him up. “Race ya to the picnic tables.”
Dean abandons the mirror and crosses the room to the bed, sitting on the edge and tugging on Cas’s shoulder. When Cas relents and lets himself be pulled upright, there’s a small smile playing on Dean’s lips.
He suddenly understood why Jack was just standing and watching. Apparently Dean
He found Cas. He can figure the rest out.
is an easy thing to say, but a hard thing to do.
Cas disappeared after they got back from the hunt, muttering something about errands, and by the time he gets back, the sweater has been through a wash cycle and is laying across the ironing board to dry so that the neck doesn’t stretch out, and Dean’s almost caught the dryer on fire with the dry-cleaning bag.
“Spying on the boss again?” Kevin asks, suddenly appearing in one of the doorways.
“Eggs.”
wedding. Sure, there was karaoke at the reception for some reason, and they ran out of beer pretty fast, and Sam cried his way through the service even though Dean was the Winchester getting married (although Sam would be next, if Eileen had anything to do with it), but, well...it all just seemed
Cas has spent much of his long existence being “broken,” with others trying to fix him.
And it occurs to Cas that perhaps things will be okay.
“He’s great. We colored.”
They have leftover spaghetti for dinner (Dean makes the most amazing sauce--his mother’s recipe), but eventually Meg has to leave.
-------------------------------------
“Dean.”
“Is there a bad guy in your script?” Cas asks.
(And this way, when he remembers that the grocery store has so many
they’ll think
“Dean,” Cas said, grabbing the remote and pausing the episode before sitting down next to his best friend, “You gotta stop doing this.”
to find him.
“But I don’t know what it means,” Cas finishes, after telling her about Bobby and Rufus’s and then the kitchen and then Sam calling.
the more relaxed of the two of them, but he’s also got the cogs turning in his brain. Dean is his research partner for a reason—he’s dangerously clever—but he tends to get underestimated and relishes shocking people with his meager upbringing and prodigious scientific talents.
“It’s about you.”
What’s especially startling about this is that the tape that the song is on, 1971′s
“Whatcha gonna get for lunch?” Dean asks, and Cas shrugs. “Fried rice?” Dean prods.
. He would also rather be anywhere else.)
come to life, but stranger things have happened to him. Today, though, they’ve left the classic Smithsonians, like Air and Space or Natural History, for…
Babies? He’s read dozens of books about that, even knows the theory (via that online doula class) of how they’re born. Adult-sized children? Well, Jack was certainly an anomaly, but he and Cas got along quite well.
About thirty minutes into the drive, Dean randomly starts talking about his own father.
Dean lasts about three and a half minutes before he rolls over to face Cas, reaching out a hand to touch Cas’ wrist. Cas startles.
Castiel knows that he shouldn’t look through Dean’s belongings.
to do is go back to their room and watch
“Please don’t leave again,” Dean whispers into Castiel’s neck when they finally separate.
Cas doesn’t have an answer for that. He
In a way it reminds Dean a little of when he had enough cash growing up to make real food for him and Sam when Dad decided to take a hike. It’s different now, though—Dean’s died a few times, got more aches and pains going on, and instead of scaring up lunch for his snot-nosed brother, he’s on a mission to cheer up that one angel he just can’t quit.
Claire took a slice of pizza and took a look around at her family. Yeah, the other girls at school probably thought there were “cooler” people to hang out with, but who else would want to have a treehouse slumber party with her
But Dean doesn’t really mind helping Cas find his stuff or keeping track of everything, because he’s just glad to have Cas back, happy that they can do things like hold hands in the grocery store or cook together (with mixed results) or have movie marathons in the Deancave.
“Are you sure?” Dean points at his chest. “Because I died, and I
Cas tilts his head, considering. “I mean...no one. As far as I know.”
Dean briefly hears Cas’s voice in the back of his head--
For some reason that just makes Dean laugh harder, trying to imagine some vast creature--
work.
Maybe it would make more sense but it’s not right, not really.
thought of one last thing I want to do today.
“Well, I did, but you sleep like the fucking dead, so I called Dean instead. He threatened to kill me and then told me I could crash on the couch.” Meg pauses for another sip. “He’s in the kitchen, already poured your coffee. And I think he’s making eggs.”
But maybe she was right. Maybe he should give it a go.
Eventually he turns around, tries to insist that he can wash the rest of himself and gets cut off, and then Dean rinses out his hair, facing Cas now, concentrating on the task as if it’s of vital importance.
“What--what would that even look like?” Cas avoids her gaze as he unzips his backpack and fiddles around for his notebook.
(Actually, there are better things, but at least it’s Monday. Rip the bandaid right off.)
Dean looks at his class. “Can everyone say,
Dean shook his head, grinning. "Snow day for everyone. Jack's daycare is closed, anyways--his teacher sent an email."
It was a choice, but it still hurt.
It doesn’t matter.
Cas is fairly certain that Dean cut him out of it.
All that’s left now is to get the astronauts from Cape Canaveral to Houston, and then expedition 66 can, from the interstellar perspective, be laid to rest.
belong to Cas.)
“Sounds about right.”
“Dunno yet.” Dean shuts the fridge and turns toward Cas, leaning back against it. “Have you considered that maybe we could just have ice cream for dinner?”
Dean relaxed when Cas took the pillow from him and laid down next to him.
Kevin stops fiddling with his lab goggles. “
So instead, he decides to go with talking about the bath, because at least that doesn’t require him to divulge the scant details of his semi-nonexistent love life.
“’S early,” Cas says, yawning and reaching for Dean’s coffee. Dean pulls it away from him and Cas tilts his head up at Dean, frowning.
Dean wakes up, as usual, to the smell of coffee and the sound of conversation over the radio downstairs.
“Missed you, though.”
“You’d like that?” He sputtered.
“I still can’t believe he’s your younger brother,” Abby replied. “He’s so
and apparently he’s never going to live it down.
“No.” Dean’s smiling in the way that Cas loves, where he gets little crinkles around his eyes. “Just felt like it.”
Dean smothers his lips with kisses again, palms Cas’s waist, holds him close,
The next morning, Sam pulls himself out of bed so that he can have breakfast before his nine am class--psychology--and notices that the TV in the living room is still on.
Cas heard the sound of a car driving away, and decided without rolling over to look that it must have been Sam, because it didn’t sound like the Impala and...yeah, Dean had been jumpy this week.
(Not that he minded—it was Sam, after all.)
That part leads his fingers to trail down Dean’s neck towards the collar of his shirt, fiddling with the buttons. His nerves are still there, though, and he only manages to make it through two of them before Dean finishes the job and then divests Cas of his shirt, in kind.
“What’s that?” Claire asked.
He practically collapses onto the floor of the shower, letting the hot water pound onto his back.
Dean would have been lying if he said he wasn’t focusing on adjusting the flowers pinned to Sam’s lapel to avoid actually looking at Sam.
The next thing Castiel hears is voices, gruff ones, and then arms hauling him roughly upwards. There are snippets of conversation--
Dean,
But Daphne and Lisa are friends, and Dean and Cas come as a
I think I might be starting to believe him, my brother, and my best friend. So I want to go back to school, learn some stuff, get to be normal for once, whatever that means for me. I don’t know what I’m gonna do with this degree, but I wanna give myself the chance to do something.
Sure, other couples do things like fancy dates and trips to the movies and what have you, whereas Dean and Cas work on cars and watch westerns on the couch (or nature documentaries, if Dean lets Cas choose) and go to the same roadside dinner for  five-dollar burgers at least once a week, but then again, other couples
Yeah.
———————————————
Afterwards, they lay tangled up in a gentle yet reassuring embrace. Dean’s breathing is soft and steady, with one of his hands trailing up and down Cas’ back.
way about him, the way Dr. Moseley (his English professor and the faculty sponsor of KSU’s book club) was implying.
“Agreed,” Meg replies.
One of the things that Cas wanted, when they decided to get their own place, after years underground, was a real bathtub. (He didn’t stipulate that it needed to fit two grown men, but the one they found did, and he’s never complained about that.) He turns the taps on now, on the hotter side of warm, adding in some bubble bath that smells of lavender, and then rummages through their bathroom closet for a towel.
“And?”
“I thought you were gonna die,” Dean says.
for centuries, millennia.
“He’s already got some ginger tea at home.”
“Why did you agree to visit him?” Cas finally asks Dean, who rolls over and turns out the light. “Dean.” Cas tries again.
it’s a heist movie. Looks promising.
“Claire,” Cas said, “Didn’t Dean tell you to come down?”
Well, to be fair, there’s normally a body in Dean’s bed, but that body is Cas, who is typically wrapped around him like a goddamn koala. And Cas doesn’t normally
“Pickings were slim!” She complains. “Beggars can’t be choosers, Dean.”
“Shut up,” Dean says, and then he kisses Cas again to make that command stick.
or here in the front seat of the Impala at the drive-in, all it takes is Dean reaching out his hand to take Cas’s for Cas to practically
“Well, shit,” Cas whispers.
“He’s not….
Cas tilted his head. “Dean, are you flirting with me?”
Long days laying out in the sun, getting pestered by Cas to put on more sunscreen. Splashing in the salty waves, sputtering as they occasionally overtake him. Beach volleyball (Dean thinks it’s fundamentally unfair that Sam even gets to play, since he’s what, eight feet tall?) and hunting for seashells and searching through tide pools for starfish and sea urchins. Drinking fancy cocktails with paper umbrellas. Being suspicious of Cas and Eileen’s rapid-fire conversations in sign language (they’re
“Well then shut up and listen. I like myself, and the world, a whole lot better when you’re around. And I like
Sam opened his mouth to say something, but before he could speak, the door opened and Ziva appeared.
kind,” Dean says, “Quiet, but kind. Thoughtful.”
Dean follows suit, laying the flowers on the seat next to him, and then puts the keys in the ignition again. He feels a hand on his shoulder and turns just in time for Cas to kiss him. Cas is smiling into it, and Dean can’t help but smile, too.
“Couple hours.” It’s nice to feel Cas against him, warm and solid and
Dean stares at him. “Cas, did you just make a joke?”
At some point, Meg sidles out of the room, but Cas barely notices, all of his attention focused on Dean, who still looks inches away from fully losing his shit.
and they’re all unemployed but have a giant house.)
and Cas is in his
Cas lets himself stare for one more long moment before saying, “I got you a Fanta.”
Ostensibly, it was for all of them to save money--Sam wouldn’t have to pay for a crappy freshman dorm room, and they could split the rent three ways instead of two. But what is revealed to Sam is Dean’s epic jealously whenever Cas hangs out with certain people...and how much Sam
Then Mick pulls out the six-pack, and Cas very abruptly comes to the surface when he sees Dean’s jaw clench.
“It was a very cute dog,” Dean agrees.
Then everything is still for a while.
“I’m wearing a suit right now.” Castiel takes a sip of his coffee. Terrible, as per usual.
“Did you know,” Cas says, trying to reply in a way that means just as much, if not more, “That I was happy when I took that bath at your house?”
Cas relegates himself to sitting on the toilet lid, staring at the tub, his towel draped over his lap. It’s--
anyone else drive.
“There’s an appointment for uh, Jack Winchester?” Dean says to the receptionist. “At eleven?” He glances up at the clock over her head–they’re only a minute late.
“Did you hear that?” She says to Kevin, “Dean has a
In his three months as a human, Cas has come to a handful of conclusions. One, he’s thrilled to be able to enjoy peanut butter and jelly sandwiches again. Two, morning runs with Sam are not as bad as Dean had led him to believe. Three, being sick is
“What’s that?” Dean whispers.
“You were given other options,” she says after a silence. “Someone else’s bathroom, or a sponge bath, but you chose to take the bath anyway. Why do you think that is?”
) over the nearest piece of furniture as soon as they got there, but instead he was exhausted, immediately flopping onto the queen-sized bed.
“I hate it here,” Jack says from his carseat, with far more petulance than a four-year-old should be allowed.
Cas sighs as he writes.
extends to sign language).
“You wouldn’t.”
He usually guesses right.
If Charlie wasn’t an engineering lab worker, she thinks she would enjoy what mission control does—they have to think on their feet, and also the bank of computers just seems so cool.
“Yeah, but you coulda become that guy.” Dean’s fidgeting now, uncomfortable. “Anyways, after that it was...yeah. You know how things went, you were there. A lot of shit went down, and I tried not to think about that future I saw.”
,” he says. “You have to wait ‘til I’m finished.”
So it’s
shape.”
“She threw you to the wolves?”
“Are you doing anything after this,
Cas doesn’t say goodbye. He’s just there, mouth warm against Dean’s, and then he’s gone, halfway down the street, and Dean’s fingers feel itchy, like he’s gotta find something to hold.
Cas, his best friend since first grade when they both had to sit out during recess for tying people’s shoelaces together. Cas who went with Dean to prom when his girlfriend Lisa dumped him the week beforehand. Cas who decided to go to the same college as him even though he had great offers elsewhere. Cas who is
“Thanks.” Cas took his seat at their minuscule kitchen table, took a sip of his orange juice, and then took a look at his plate before promptly spitting it out.
“Why would you need to remove superglue....oh my god. Cas, did Dean superglue his fingers together?”
“I think Lyman was distraught about his daughter’s death and got trashed,” Dean said.
Dean stares at him. He looks...oddly hopeful. Slightly sad. Kind of like he wants to reach out but doesn’t know how.
–Sam is safe. Sam is happy. Sam’s not going to starve.
Sure, it had been Dean’s first
“Cas, Charlie’s a lesbian. It would be a ridiculously unrequited love.”
Dean rolls his eyes as he pulls into the tiny stall of the drive-in and puts the car in park. “Well you gotta get mozzarella sticks then. And a Route 44.”
“Jackass,” Dean muttered, hanging up and going to pound on Cas’ door.
(It’s okay. Cas is starting to like it that way.)
“What if I made your coffee, too?” Dean leans forward, kisses him, gentle and routine. “And we went for a drive later?” Another kiss. “And watched one of those gardening shows you like tonight?”
“What’s your plan?” Dean asked, “You’re just gonna never look at me again?”
with Danny, though, Cas is sitting up, staring at the screen outside the windshield with marked intensity while the music crackles through the car radio.
bad?” Cas tries, and Meg grimaces.
“And then,” Meg says, “When it’s
Cas let Dean hold him tighter, felt him let out a chest-wracking sob, and then Dean pulled his head up to lean his forehead against Cas’. “I wanted you to be with me,” Dean whispered. “But I was afraid you’d changed your mind.”
“The girl lived.” Cas smiles to himself. “It’s possible someone else figured healing out before me and said nothing, though .”
“You wanna get married?”
is now.
When Dean finishes, he sets the razor down on the edge of the tub, runs a hand over the now-smooth skin of Cas’ face. Cas kisses him then, without pretense, because they don’t need pretenses anymore. For a little while, the rest of the world fades out, and all that’s left is soapy hands and soft lips and the sound of the running water.
“What about the girl you were going to ask to the ball?” Castiel asks, tilting his head questioningly.
Ever since Cas got back, they’ve fallen into a routine.
“Dad said–”
“I--I know.” Cas looks at his feet. “But it still is. Complicated.” He looks back up at Dean, face split.
———————————————
“I wouldn’t dream of blaming you for anything.” Cas’ eyes are oddly bright, a small, rare smile on his face.
“Wait, an astronaut afraid of flying?” Rachel says incredulously.
“Uh…yeah,” Dean says. “I really do.”
playing and a pile of tissues next to him, and Dean decides to carry him to bed and tell him about Gloria tomorrow.
Cas nodded.
They’d sat on the floor of their room and, between bites of pie, Cas told him that he was gay (which didn’t shock Dean at all, really) and that he had told his parents (now that shocked him). Apparently they hadn’t reacted well. That night, they’d both slept in Dean’s bed, because he didn’t want Cas to be alone.
Dean turns to see Cas standing at the foot of the stairs, in his pajamas, with a sleepy, lopsided smile on his face. Dean gestures at Cas and he pads over, shoving himself under Dean’s free arm and plastering himself against Dean’s side.
was way too damn close.. He pressed the button on his radio and listened to it crackle. “Heya, Angel. You hear that siren?”
So, after a hearty breakfast of toast, bacon, and eggs–in which one of the eyes of the stove stops working, which adds another project to Dean’s seemingly never-ending list–they take Cas’s truck to the hardware store. They’re practically regulars there, especially since there’s a garden center attached that Cas spends roughly half his time at. Randy, who always seems to be there when they’re getting supplies, happily greets them at the door.
“Cas! You actually came!” Dean looks weirdly thrilled to see Castiel.
It occurs to Cas at this moment, with the solid warmth of Dean practically wrapped around him, that he never could have dreamed this up, never could have imagined having his own house with the one he loved, and being loved in turn.
Maybe be happy.
Dean nods.
Castiel is still uncertain on whether or not he can trust Elder. On the one hand, Elder is being friendly to him, and although he has no watch or clock, they must have stayed up late last night talking before Elder eventually left for his own chambers--leaving Castiel bereft of company and reminding him that he was still a prisoner.
“That’s true.”
“Sorry, didn’t mean to say that. See you soon.”
his years after sleeping on the ground all night. He climbs out of the sleeping bag, still warm from the other body that was in it, and eases out of the tent. Every morning of this trip, he’s regretted agreeing to camping, but it’s not all so bad.
Tonight is no exception. Dean has put on
But, like most things in Dean’s life, nothing went to plan.
“If Lyman’s soul regretted the way it died and we helped him get rid of those regrets by preventing his death, maybe we need to make sure
Dean laughs at a joke on the TV, and Cas only wants to hold on tighter.
He feels loved. But he also feels lonely.
Until they weren't.
Dean smiles weakly. “Y’know, like a–”
“Cas.”
“He saved my life,” Dean replies.
“Ignore ‘em.”
“And white cheddar popcorn. Your favorite.”
No answer.
“Oh yeah.” Sam was fighting a smile. Dean couldn’t help but smile himself, and then he impulsively hugged his brother. Sam returned the embrace, and then Dean felt his chest shake.
She finds Cas in his office, staring out the window with a desolate expression on his face. Charlie loops an arm around his shoulders and Cas jolts.
“And how’s Cas?”
Cas walks to the fridge, grabs his own beer. He pops off the cap the way Dean taught him, goes to stand by him, leaning against the counter next to him.
Cas laughs and eats another pretzel before looking back at their gate’s screen, which has all the flight information--
Dean had written, angling his paper towards Cas, and then Cas had drawn a truly horrible milk carton underneath it, and Dean nearly had to stuff his fist in his mouth to keep from laughing. From then on, they always passed notes.
close.
of a lightning strike. What is it about counting the time between thunder-claps?
Dean wasn’t sure
the dark green they chose for the living room, and he decides to select the shade
“The police officer I spoke with on the phone said there was a wreck,” Meg replies, “But how? Were they hit by another car, or--”
(The next time someone asks,
“Cas, give me one good reason I should go to the dance.”
needs to keep an eye on them during Jack’s party later today.
They drive through the night with a classic rock station on low volume, Cas’ hand warm on Dean’s thigh, and Dean thinks that maybe everything will be alright.
When Dean unfolds the shirt, he sees that it has a blue, purple, and pink flag on it.
“And then…I wanted to hold you. I knew it wasn’t–it wasn’t really you, but the idea was that one day it would be. She always cleaned your blood off of me before the next time.”
But, once again, everything was going well.
“If you cry, I swear to god–”
Cas remembers the day he met Dean, showing his wings in shadow. He remembers how, over time, that shadow went from mighty to broken and ragged.
He heads out of the store with the mug in his jacket pocket--it’s not that big and he’s only out ninety-nine cents--and shoots a text to Cas, letting him know that he’s going to the Wal-Mart next door.
(When Victor
“I love you.”
“There’s a way,” the Empty says, “That I could let you
For a brief moment, as he tries to keep up with Dean as they push their way through something that resembles a trail if you squint but is mostly trees and rocks, Cas considers finding a way to go back in time to when he moved to Lawrence, Kansas four years ago, fresh out of grad school. Maybe he would have bought a different house where Dean Winchester wouldn’t be his neighbor, or maybe he would have rejected the cherry pie Dean brought as a housewarming gift, or maybe he wouldn’t have sent Dean a thank-you note on his bee-themed stationary.
“I’m not sure I have a choice.”
Dean is starting to realize that having choices doesn’t always make things easy.
Castiel has seen Dean carry this notebook around, doodling in it, writing in it, all the time. At diners, in motel rooms, in the car if, for once, he lets Sam drive–and Castiel has wondered what is in it, because it’s something that didn’t exist before Hell, so he doesn’t know what it contains.
“How do you feel about trying dating again, after the experience with Mick?” Lorraine asks.
“Well, no shit.” There’s no malice in Dena’s tone, though, his fingers sliding over the wide, wing-shaped tattoo on Cas’ back.
Dean watches Cas get in the car, but then he grabs the door before Cas can shut it and pulls Cas in by the front of his hoodie, kissing him before letting him go and shutting the door. He waves at Cas as he backs out of the parking spot and doesn’t return to Jo and Charlie until he can’t see the Continental anymore.
“There is.” Castiel swallows, hopes he hasn’t miscalculated.
“Thanks,” Dean replies with one of his patented Dean Winchester grins, different from him smiling because there’s less warmth and more spice.
came back.
Cas doesn’t reply.
“Dumb sonofabitch,” Dean mutters, leaning his head against the top of the Impala. He needs to open the trunk, load the groceries–there’s milk and chicken and eggs, shit that he doesn’t want to go bad and it’s not a quick trip home–but he just…
“How else would I have gotten here?”
Dean’s very close.
Two days later, a call comes into mission control from the ISS for the science team while Castiel is out for lunch and Kevin is neck-deep in an experiment, and since their Russian and Japanese scientific associates are asleep at this time of day in the States, Charlie answers it.
Cas lolls his head to face Dean, and he’s close. So close. Too close. Close enough that Dean could push Cas’s hair out of his eyes for him. Cas’s spider lashes blink at him.
“Mmm-hmm.” Cas sighs. “I’ll miss you.”
“We could, uh…go see a movie or something.”
“Actually, you died and I–”
“It’s Sam,” Dean says, picking up his phone and answering.
Now Cas let Dean take his hands, and then Dean pulled him into his arms. “I’m sorry,” Dean said. “I didn’t mean to make you upset, I really didn’t think this through.”
Cas can feel his ears turning pink. “...Yeah.”
“Nuh-uh, buddy,” Dean said, trying to pull Cas up. “You’re gonna sleep in a bed.”
,” Dean and Cas both say in unison, and Dean laughs.
“I…I don’t know.” Sam shrugged. “Dean and Cas have worked hard to keep it a secret, but since they live together and Dean never shuts up about him, I’m sure some people have figured it out.”
Cas shakes his head, sets down his mug to take Dean’s hand. “It’s been taken before.”
It’s a clumsy thing, obviously homemade. The clay mug is made of stacked rings, and the handle has a visible crack in it. It’s painted alternating green-and-yellow stripes, and in blue paint it says
(See the end of the chapter for
Sponsored by the physics and engineering departments at a variety of universities, it’s a chance to let loose, misremember formulas because of booze, and make some new friends.
“Fuck,” Dean mutters, before remembering that he’s trying
s and ran his finger down the page until he found
is one of the movies offered, and the rest of the flight goes by quickly. Cas eventually gets his hand back, until the captain announces that they’re about to start their descent. Dean reaches out before Cas even offers, but Cas doesn’t mind.
He feels like maybe he should say something, like
“Yeah.” Dean turns back towards the microwave, to throw away the plastic cheese wrappers, but Cas snags his wrist, brings their palms together.
Dean deftly rolls the condom down, and then he’s back on Cas, and the heat slows down while Dean kisses him.
“We could do that,” Dean says around a messy bite of spaghetti.
“You’re sure? You were a little weird when I came over.”
He hears footsteps behind him and then there’s Dean, with another mug of tea in one hand and blankets draped over his arm.
Whatever that meant.
“I can’t wait for you to get back,” Castiel says, and Charlie just about drops all the papers. That’s not the way casual friends or coworkers (because while Castiel leads the ground science team and Dean leads the space team, they are supposed to be working together) talk to each other.
“Meh,” was Cas’ mumbled reply as he slowly sat down at the table.
–and Sprite.
“Cas,
“I–” Dean sighed, finally took his hands back, sat down in the chair next to Cas. “I’m trying to make it better. I–I didn’t mean to do it, when you got hurt, but it wasn’t a mistake. You gotta understand that. I’m just…shit at this, you know?”
appear on the table. The last few letters of
Cas is just crossing to the escalators to get to the lobby when he runs straight into someone and all of his books fall out of his arms and clatter to the floor.
Jack snuggles up into his lap, and Dean tries to wrap his blanket around him. Despite the fever, Jack’s been freezing; he’s wearing his favorite striped footie pajamas despite the fact that it’s the middle of the summer.
Cas took a deep breath and moved back, despite how much he wanted to stay close to Dean. “I’m not taking it back. If it makes you uncomfortable, I can leave, but I’m not going to lie–”
The kitchen is normally a bit of a mess; for as much of a neatnik as Dean is, there’s always several dirty sippy cups on the counter, an open cookbook, a sink full of dishes. But today the counters are spotless, save a plate of cookies in the middle of the island. A closer inspection shows that they’re sugar cookies, the dough tinted blue, cut in the shape of what seem to be seashells. It also seems like Jack was the one to ice them, because the lines are wobbly and the sprinkles are
–“happy.”
“That’s, uh...my brother’s room.” Elder sighs. “Let’s...let’s go back down, okay?”
It’s not their first kiss, not by a long shot, but it feels new, like there’s something different here.
So that was what they were doing this year, right?
Dean hates Washington, D.C.
In the beginning there was nothing, and now there are many things, and as that human (Dean, because who else would it be?) comes up behind him and the frog hops away, Cas thinks that he is overall quite pleased with his choice for Thursdays.
“Sam’s trying to figure it all out.”
“Okay.” Cas shifts over.
“A womanizer?”
“Definitely.”
Eventually, the sun finishes cresting over the horizon, capitalizing its performance with a flourish of pink, orange, and purple, and Cas finds himself ready to return.
All of that flies out of his mind when Cas, coming back from taking the dog for a walk, trips over the leash and falls into a heap at Dean’s feet. As Dean helps him up, before he knows what he’s done, he’s said it, the words he’s been holding in.
Cas wants to go back inside soon--his broken leg, only a few weeks from getting out of the cast, is starting to ache--but right now he’s content.
“I’m sending you data!” Charlie calls after his now-retreating form, and Kevin flaps a hand at her.
Cas crouches down, too, and sees what Dean’s looking at–a little toad. It stares at him unblinking and then suddenly jumps onto his hand.
At first, Cas lies as still as he possibly can, in hopes that if he just
Sam’s talking about him and Eileen maybe getting their own place. Dean and Cas could be doing that–Cas loved plants, Dean could give him plants. Jack and Cas could get more time together. Dean would let Cas watch whatever he wanted on movie night, do just about anything to get him back. If Cas ever came back, Dean’d give him the whole damn world. There’s a gaping hole–would it have been better to never know that Cas loved him, so that he wouldn’t miss what he could’ve had if he hadn’t stood in his own way?
And Charlie gets more emails from Meg with updates about Dean—she can call him Dean, Meg says. Dean brings up Castiel in every other conversation (and calls him Cas, but Charlie already knew that) and also evaded the “are you looking for a special someone” question.
The whisper is so faint that Cas almost misses it, but he startles all the same, pulling away from Dean’s body.
After that, the haziness begins.
Dean had never gone to the dances, though, so he quickly pushed it out of his mind in favor of conjugating verbs and getting a passing grade. Every year, he and his best friend/roommate Cas stayed in, watched a combination of westerns and cheesy rom-coms, ate popcorn, and got comfortably drunk.
“Say that again,” Dean says.
All of those plans fall apart, though, when Jack disappears momentarily while Dean is in the middle of trying to get Cas to stop talking to Barbara from the knitting group. He comes back with a plate wrapped in foil, and Dean stops tugging on Cas’ hand to look at Jack.
Cas lets out what of a sigh he can with a full-grown man dead-weighted on top of him. “Okay, I’ll wake you up.”
“Oh.” For the first time since this morning, when they watched TV while they ate stale donuts for breakfast, shoulders pressed together on the bed, the corner’s of Cas’s mouth curl up. It’s not a smile, but it could be.
he doesn’t need to go while they’re still at the trailhead, but Dean likes it better than leaving Jack with someone else for the afternoon.
“I said-” Emma starts, but Dean cuts her off.
Dean’s been searching for an opening for weeks now, a time that he can casually drop it into conversation. He doesn’t think it’s a phrase that he can say with much pomp and circumstance--otherwise, he’ll get too nervous.
“Meg?” the nurse at Dean’s bedside asks, and Meg nods.
Charlie is most interested in what Castiel is going to order, because his personality often perplexes her. He also dressed down for drinks, which was an interesting change from his suits—although with his sweater and jeans he looks a little bit like a librarian.
Lyman smiled at him weakly. “I’m fine, thank you.”
“You,” Cas yawns, “Go to sleep.”
“Are you okay?” Dean asks.
are shaky, Dean’s eyes blurred with tears.
Kevin frowns at her. “We’re going to have a rematch, okay?”
Sam comes back out and hands Dean a new beer. Dean pops the cap off on the edge of the porch railing and takes a sip before leaning back in his chair.
Cas pulled away almost instantly. “What the hell, Dean?”
the same as the way he looked at you, I can tell you that. And even if it had been, he’d be out of luck. Lisa’s not into guys.”
there's one chapter left, but it's a sweet lil epilogue, so I may post it before Saturday (we'll see)! either way, see y'all on the last chapter <3
Charlie fistbumps Cas goodbye, Jo flashes him a peace sign and asks if he’ll be at the party at their friend Ash’s house tomorrow night, and then Cas turns to Dean and
Cas lets Dean hang up and sets his phone face-down on the counter. He adds the cream to his coffee and goes to stand out on the front porch as the thunder rolls in.
“Is Cas joining us?” Sam asks, flipping to the next page in
“Jack,” he calls, “We have to leave!”
Eventually, Castiel knows he’ll give up and flop down in the grass next to him, and they’ll while away the afternoon talking about nothing and everything, and it will just be one in a series of happy days, their own happy days.
Traffic’s not so bad getting downtown, and neither is finding Sam, Eileen, and Jack, who were on a hunt that had just ended and decided to head to Sioux Falls instead of back to the bunker.
, the itchy feeling when he ignores those things, the way he’s so fucking envious of everyone else, everyone who doesn’t go about their day constantly wondering what people are thinking of them or feeling like they’re trapped outside an aquarium tank and everyone else is the fish.
“You–” Cas’ voice shook in disbelief. “You…you–”
But for now, Dean was content to be here, in this moment, with Cas’ head propped on his shoulder, trying to get the eggs to just the right level of doneness (Cas really liked runny yolks, and Dean wasn’t trying to give him salmonella). He was looking forward to a lifetime of moments like this.
“If you want me to apologize–”
“I like to think so,” Cas replies, wondering if he’s about to get the third degree.
“You can finish it later,” Cas replied, “
As they walk through the house, Sam’s telling them about one of his classes (he decided to go back to college at a university a couple towns over, after all was said and done), but he stops short when he sees all the people in the kitchen.
“Can’t you see that I’m mortified?” Cas said, voice still muffled, and Dean shoved him until Cas was laying on his side. Cas squeezed his eyes shut.
“God. You’re not even gonna make it through your vows.” Dean turned towards the door. “Enough sappiness. Knowing Cas and Eileen, they’ve started the wedding without us.”
did you miss?” Dean asks.
Mick raises an eyebrow. “What, Cas, you can only eat perfect pretzels?”
“Right.”
Christmas. I mean, choose a holiday.”
“I know.” Castiel is smiling, because he knows Dean will say yes.
Dean really should be watching the movie.
“Great.” Dean settles himself in to hear the awful truth--that what happened at the park this afternoon really
There are messy attempts at giving Miracle a bath and Dean trying to teach Cas about car maintenance (Cas has his own pair of coveralls now and he looks way too adorable for a middle-aged man in them) and baking (so much baking) and driving to the farmer’s market on the weekends and dinners with Sam, Eileen, and Jack and movie night upon movie night, and it’s exactly how Dean wants it to be.
But now he was doing that, the whole stopping thing, and all of that
(This was discovered after a semi-traumatizing dentist’s visit, because all of them needed it, but Cas was horrified to have someone put their hands in his mouth.)
much more comfortable.)
“Yeah, right. We have a big day tomorrow; we should go to sleep.”
“You love me?”
But Claire never calls Dean himself unless shit’s fucked.
“I’ve got an idea.” Dean deftly switched channels and then said into the radio, “Hey folks, It’s Cowboy and Angel here, and we could really use your help. We got ole Smokey hot on our trail, and we need to make it back into town stat.”
. Dean likes being able to say that.
“Who the hell would drive this monstrosity?” Benny, Dean’s coworker at the auto shop he works at after class, asks. They’re both staring at a massive gold Lincoln Continental from the seventies that has a popped tire and is, according to their boss, making “funny noises.”
“But he didn’t say anything about you--”
a few months into their friendship freshman year and Dean asking
And Cas
Cas must have fallen asleep during their conversation, because when he wakes up, the television is off and he can see Meg fast asleep on the floor, curled up under the thrift store quilt that she claimed as her own from Dean and Cas’ blanket collection. When he turns his head, he discovers that his pillow is actually Dean, squished up against the arm of the couch, reading something on his phone. When Cas shifts, Dean runs a hand through his hair before glancing down.
between them is kind of new, and there’s something about going to the grocery store together that just feels so domestic and...normal.
Cas has barely driven five minutes before Dean drifts off again, but he knows that the prospect of lasagna will wake him when they arrive.
Cas is gone.
“Don’t try to flirt with me. I still hate the coffee grinder.”
Dean looks at Claire above Emma’s head in a way that he hopes is beseeching. Part of him hates her moodiness, but the rest of him remembers the hell
“You said I could choose. And
“What–help?” Dean stares at him. “You’re not mad at me?”
Cas knows Lorraine just writes down all that she can to keep track of Cas’s life, but it still feels nice to have that personal interest. He lets out a sigh. “Things are...done? With Mick?”
(Dean remembers the blueberry yogurt.)
“Alright.”
close and Dean is touching him like the only thing that matters is making him feel good, but then it all crests into a tight feeling in his groin and a delicious release. Dean follows soon after.
Cas smirks. “Claire and Emma got to try one, why not me?”
Dean shrugged. “Yeah, but some people acted like I was a screw-up ‘cuz I joined up instead of going to college. Someone at church told my mom this was what happened when your kids didn’t have a dad.”
(also, there's more sexual content in this chapter, just an fyi!)
“We’ll clean up,” Dean says abruptly, standing up and starting to clear plates. He glares meaningfully at his brother. “Right, Sam?”
They always take longer in the grocery store when he brings Cas with him, because he wants to look at everything and actually browse the “sale” shelf hidden in the household cleaners. It means they leave with some weird snack mix or can of fruit that wasn’t on the list, but Dean doesn’t mind as much as he thought he would.
“Genius.” Dean pushes himself off of the fridge and moves into Cas’s space. “How’re you feeling?” he asks, “Post-clocking Mick and all.”
And Sam decides to let himself be excited about it, to not worry about staying up during the witching hour, to not glance around every room when he walks in, looking for exits. For once in his life, he’s just going to have a good time.
“The difference is that our lieutenant hasn’t lost all his memory,” Gibbs said, “Just that of the attack.”
“That would be nice.”
“That’s cuz you’re an optimist, Cas. I’m not.” Meg smiles at him. “But life is weird. I was convinced when my dad died that I was never going to be happy again. And now I’m looking back and seeing spots of happiness. Dad used to call the good times the
“I’ll consider it.” Cas picked up the remote and unpaused the show, and this time, when they were done eating, they drifted closer together until they were practically cuddling, and
Cas lets himself be dragged out of bed so that Dean’s stomach can find something to eat, and tries not to let his own stomach twist up in knots because Dean hasn’t brought up the kiss.
Cas moves one of his pawns forward. “I’ve noticed.”
Dean doesn’t answer with words.
It’s just been a bad day.
Dean looks up from the car manual he’s reading. “Yes, Claire-Bear?”
Jack talks all the time about monsters–he’s obsessed with them, and says there are people that hunt them, that he wants to be a monster hunter when he grows up.
. And that’s what Dean wants–but he’s never been sure what
“You know how I said the kitchen was my second favorite part of the ship?” Elder says, as Castiel nods. “Well, this is my favorite part.”
“I see.” Something is coming into focus.
It’s important to say it.
“I’m going to stab you,” Dean said. “Stop being impossible. I never said I was mad. You just
Max produces a beer list, and then he and Castiel embark on a conversation that goes right over Charlie’s doctorate-in-engineering head about hops and a type of gravity that she assumes has nothing to do with any of their mathematical calculations at work.
had dances.)
Dean has almost drifted off to sleep when Cas’s panic sets in again.
Cas loves the CVS--Dean and Meg always tell him that it’s weird, but Cas doesn’t
-------------------------------------
“So, uh, Castiel,” she starts, looking towards Kevin for reassurance, “You garden, you have your dog, but uh….do you have a special someone? A Mr. or Mrs. Novak?”
echoed through the kitchen.
“Dude,” Dean says, his voice all muzzy with sleep, “I’m cold.”
“Guessed. I guess right?”
Claire rolls her eyes again.
Dean tries to wriggle out from under it. “I don’t remember.”
After spending about ten minutes wrestling a wriggling almost-four-year-old into his coat, hat, and mittens, they were ready to go out.
Cas isn’t sure what to say.
But objectively, what keeps thrumming through Dean, they
“Yeah, get the eggs mixed. And then add in the dry ingredients.”
“Gimme your keys.”
So it’s...complicated.
was starting to crash down on him, especially the past few months. He’d woken in a cold sweat with the love of his goddamn life curled around him like the world’s grumpiest koala, and instead of just pulling Cas somehow even closer and going back to sleep, he’d been hit with the fact that
“Whaddya want to do tomorrow?” Dean asks.
“Zoloft and Lexapro.” Dean turns around again. “Make sure you get the good turkey slices. Not the weird kind.”
“Hmm?” Dean raised an eyebrow. “What’s that supposed to mean, Cas?”
“What the hell do you want?” Meg asks, hands on her hips. Cas often thinks that if Meg wasn’t one of his best friends, he would be terrified of her, and that is especially true now, as she stares down Mick Davies.
“Nope.”
“What are you looking at?” Cas asks before taking a bite of his danish and resisting the urge to groan. It’s
“Yes, Dean,” Cas replies patiently.
“What kind of ice cream did you get again?” Dean asks. When Cas looks over to respond, half of Dean’s chin is covered in ice cream.
“Mmm.” That’s Cas’
What the hell?
“How about we start looking tomorrow, then?”
“Swearin’ at it ain’t gonna fix it. Go take a break.” Bobby gestures to the front of the garage. “Think there’s someone here for you, anyways.”
His calm doesn’t last for long, though; as soon as the plane starts its steady roll down the runway, picking up speed for flight, Dean’s white-knuckling the armrest. Cas holds out his hand, palm-up.
“What about how he looked at Lisa?”
(To be fair, Charlie and Kevin are also not even remotely attracted to each other’s genders. But Charlie’s not blind. She can spot attraction from a mile away, and if Dean and Castiel aren’t in love somehow, she’s going to eat her diploma.)
“Make sure he goes to bed early and wears socks,” the cashier (does her name tag say
“Luke Skywalker, duh,” Jack said with an eye-roll.
moment is magical enough on its own.
“Do you like it?” Jack says nervously.
“You’ll win,” Cas promises. “I’m not running.”
“That’s why it’ll get you drunk fast. You don’t notice how much you’ve had.” Dean takes a sip of his own, and he doesn’t
7. At four thirty in the morning, give up. Wedge yourself under the blankets and throw an arm around his waist.
Dean’s got a reassuring hand on his shoulder, and it’s comforting, grounding.
Castiel looks down at his pajama shirt, which was once Dean’s, and then lifts it to his nose. It doesn’t smell like Dean at all anymore, not after Castiel wearing it for a month.
“So he can’t remember
“Asshole.”
But sometimes things aren’t great.
“Couldn’t sleep either?” Dean quipped, “Since you’re awake too? Budge over.”
“Speaking of study mode, I was
“Bobby helped me--” Dean swallows thickly, stems new tears with the towel. “Bobby helped me fix up the car after the accident. He...yeah. It was really beat up.”
he himself is aging (and if you wanted to get particular, he’s technically…eighty-two?) but Cas is…
Everyone goes around and shares a high and a low from the week (Cas is kind of amazed that Dean doesn’t bring up Mick, although he does pointedly glare at Cas), and then it’s time for open discussion.
“Please stop asking me if I’m sure.”
Dean doesn’t talk to Castiel again until his students have all checked their books out--a slew of Dr. Seuss, Amelia Bedelia, Boxcar Children, and even some Nancy Drew from some of his more advanced kids.
Cas nods. He’s starting to know.
All things considered, it’s a perfect sort of day–the weather cooperates, bright and clear and not
It’s been a while since Dean’s been cornered by the righteous fury of heaven.
Dean makes some kind of odd noise, and it hits Cas right between the ribs.
“I’m giving it,” Dean says, “Because I’m going back to bed. I expect to see you two again at eight,
to the car. Papa’s waiting for us.”
They miss the end of the sunset, but that’s alright. There will plenty more to watch together.
Cas had gripped him tight, all right, the handprint seared into Dean’s shoulder. Even though the print’s been gone for years now, and Dean has known Cas for over a decade, it still throbs sometimes.
, was in Cas’s truck, because it belongs to Cas–he found it at a thrift store a couple weeks after coming back and and bought it for fifty cents.
But it’s hard.
“I’m thinking about it.”
“Dean!”
Castiel isn’t expecting breakfast for that reason, but the first place they stop is the kitchens.
“Hey.” Dean glances over. “You good?”
“Maybe tomorrow then,” Dean says, leaning down and dropping a kiss to the top of Cas’ head.
Wednesday is the same as always, with a twist. After classes and lunch with Dean and Meg (they went for Panda Express today, and Meg was only mildly disappointed by what she got for a change), Cas has therapy at four pm with the one and only Lorraine Childers.
“Yep.”
“I’ve been meaning to say this for a long time. Should’ve said it when we were in Kansas. Or last night, or just any time... '' Dean gulps.
“I was going to say,” Meg says, “That Dean’s into Dr. Novak. Oh my god.”
Cas carefully peels the tape off, prying open the box to reveal something wrapped in plastic.
Claire sighs. “Fine.”
“It’s--” Cas glances at his phone, face-up on the bedside table. “Seven in the morning. This is sleeping in?”
So they defeat Chuck, and then Jack fucks off to do celestial entity shit, and then Sam goes on an urgent find-Eileen mission, and Dean is left alone in the bunker.
It was one of Cas’s favorites from the book--because it wasn’t
The crying was starting to lessen, and Cas could hear the rumbling of Dean’s voice but not what he was saying. Dean had a habit of whispering sweet nothings to Jack–
Cas knows she’s not just talking about getting clean.
They take the subway downtown instead of Dean’s car because according to Dean parking is a “bitch,” and he doesn’t want his Baby getting dinged–Cas has always found Dean’s devotion to his ‘67 Chevy Impala both endearing and annoying in turn.
“That’s why it’s not finished yet.” Cas doesn’t phrase it as a question. “But why dead people?”
“Upset about that?”
This isn’t the first time this has happened, and Dean adjusts to the information quickly. “I can go look through the pantry, see what we need. I’m just in the garage. And then we can take Baby? I’ll drive.”
Dean sighed and set down his textbook, hauling himself off the couch and into the kitchen. “What the hell are you doing?”
“Is this…too familiar?” Cas asks.
“Probably.”
Cas nodded slowly.
They sit down in the front row, but Cas keeps fidgeting through the first two presentations. Eventually, Dean puts a hand over Cas’ and just rubs the back of his hand with a thumb. It’s grounding, and Cas is able to take a few deep breaths before it’s their turn.
6. Repeat about two or three times.
“Stop reading ‘em, let’s go meet some people,” Dean says, grabbing Cas arm, and it briefly occurs to Cas that what he
Right now, Cas can see Dean talking to Lisa from across the room. Despite Daphne’s words earlier about her orientation, Cas can’t help but have jealousy curl in his gut.as he watches her laugh at whatever Dean is saying. He feels a little bit like a loser, tucked away in the corner, nursing his root beer while Dean’s got a gin and Lisa has wine and they’re
Dean spins Cas’s laptop back around abruptly when he hears footsteps and then Cas himself rounds the corner of the bookshelves with two cups of coffee in tow.
Charlie lowers her voice. “He’s on a call with
After the final dismissal, Dean is ready to get back to their house. The weather’s nice, so instead of working on one of their cars he’s kind of thinking about helping Cas in his garden. They’ve got some good vegetables coming up, and Sam and Eileen are supposed to come to dinner tomorrow, so it might be nice to harvest some lettuce and carrots.
sound like a normal laugh, but Dean sits up and takes Jack into his arms, sitting the baby in his lap. “Did you just laugh? For the very first time?” Dean asks in that same baby voice. Jack tugs on his shirt.
kind of creation, which was fire, darkness, destruction for a long while.
Dean tightens his arms around Cas, and Cas lets himself be held.
told him it would hurt, and Cas trusts Dean more than anything.
Even so, he still looks over his shoulder. He’s not letting his guard down again.)
“There was a basketball game last night?” Charlie asks.
exactly, not like Sam, who could practically braid his if he wanted, it’s just
appreciate Dean, so he grants him a smile. “That sounds nice.”
“Hey, Pops,” Claire says when Cas comes into the kitchen and sheds his suit jacket onto one of the barstools, “How was work?”
“Does he find a way out?” Becky asks. She had been absolutely delighted to deliver her six lines as off-camera girl-on-the-phone, and Dean was starting to think that maybe her bubbly attitude could be an asset to the production.
Dean lolled his head back, avoiding eye contact. “She said she knew who I really loved, and that it wasn’t her. And then she said I was a coward.”
“Oh.” The room suddenly got very blurry, and Cas tried to remember if he had done anything. Did he forget to take out the trash one too many times? Did Dean want to be with someone who had a “real job,” not a kindergarten teacher? (That had happened with an ex-boyfriend.) Or was Cas just boring? Did he–
“My head hurts,” Cas finally says.
he’s been for the past week–acting like Dean wants nothing to do with him, trying not to be in the same room as him for too long (quite a feat, when you live together and have developed a habit of one person pissing and the other taking a shower like privacy is no big deal).
Keys jingle in the front door a handful of minutes later, and Jack, who has been quiet in Claire’s arms, perks up and starts fighting to get down. He skids down the front hallway, sliding in his sock-footed pajamas, and Dean scrambles after him.
and Jack has a mug of warm milk so he can be just like his Papa with coffee.
Tonight was the night–Dean and Cas were going out to dinner with Cas’s parents, and they were going to discover that Dean wasn’t
Of course, Charlie is a little worried, too—anytime astronauts get sent into space or back to Earth, it’s a nerve-racking endeavor, what with all of the small moving parts and everything that could go wrong. But she’s not quite as on-edge as he appears to be as she, him, and Kevin sit in mission control.
“When did I say that?”
Castiel nods, because that’s what he’s supposed to do, and Dean smiles at him gratefully.
Ever since Cas had been yanked out of the Empty and turned human for good, he’s been incredibly forgetful. Dean chalks it up to a combination of the loss of grace and being middle-aged (did
And it was
He’s gotta get a handle on this.
He holds his breath through the last half of interrogating a murderer (two women, bludgeoned to death, guy shows no remorse), not because of the grisly nature of the case (he’s seen worse), but because he doesn’t want to have to cancel again. Victor
Scientific Team:
Sometimes Dean washes his hair when Cas forgets to shower.
But the misunderstanding beforehand jarred him—the fact that he misread it like that, that he thought Dean would just leave him on his own.
“Yeah,” Dean sighs. “It was. Something that the other you said, it just...it hit me. And I couldn’t let that happen to you, and I couldn’t let myself be the guy that made it worse. He said that the only thing you and that Dean had left was each other, that if the other me said it was time to go, then you would follow him. And I tried to talk to the future me about it, ask him why he was willing to put you in harm’s way just because you would follow him. He...he didn’t have an answer.”
Well, this worked too.
This time around, Cas has noticed, Dean is really gung-ho about giving him the “true human experience.” Maybe it’s to make up for the last time he was human, but Cas would argue that Dean going to the Empty (where no human has gone before) and dragging him out (which no anything, human or otherwise, has done before) and then kissing him silly (Cas has been kissed, but never the way Dean kisses him, like Cas is one of the seven wonders of the world) (that list of wonders is wrong anyways, because there are no animals on it) is repayment enough.
“You, uh…” Dean swallowed. “You kissed me.”
“Oh, do you have any kids?” Rachel asks.
“What time is it?” Cas asks as Dean settles in next to him, their bodies pressed close together, overlapping slightly to fit.
“You can’t be serious,” Dean said, staring at Cas incredulously. “We’re
do some homework (he’s got a lab report due next week), but before that, there’s this: laughing and talking at the airport, and then Dean’s fingers laced through his on the plane and sharing headphones so they can watch a movie together. And those things?
“I--it just isn’t. I mean,
“We’re never going to get to the hospital if you keep doing this,” Cas points out helpfully, and Dean just about rolls his eyes.
“Who is it?” Abby asked.
“That it’s Castiel. At least a couple more.” Dean winks at Cas and then mixes another round of two-for-one margaritas for the three girls at the end of the bar--they’ll have to be cut off after these, though.
“You betcha. Tell me everything.”
sorry?” Dean says, finally turning toward him, still a touch of rage in his expression. “The only person you should apologize to is yourself.”
“Got held up by Dr. Moseley,” Dean says. Dean’s a horticulture major (welcome to an agricultural university), and Cas has watched his conversations with his professors devolve into etymological nonsense many times.
Right now, though, he’s got
“Yeah. You’re Castiel?”
Tonight’s spaghetti night. The first thing Dean says when Cas sits down at their kitchen table that evening is, with an empathic spatula-wave, “I will make one rule for tomorrow. You can’t wear those pajamas all day again.”
When the small breakfast is ready, Dean slides all the toast onto a plate, buttering it and adding jelly--not jam--to two of the pieces. Carrying two cups of coffee and a plate to his bedroom isn’t easy, but Dean makes it in one piece. Cas is still asleep under the mound of blankets they procured, and Dean worries, not for the first time, that Cas might be getting a cold.
Cas wakes with his heart pounding and his face wet.
been distracted.
Dean comes to with a choke of breath, landing heavy on the ground. He rolls over, right shoulder aching, and finds himself with his face in the dirt and a mouthful of grass. He move to spit it out when something heavy lands on top of him, knocking all the air out of him.
At least they could have dinner together.
“Yeah.” Cas glances at Dean. Dean is blushing. Why is he blushing?
Dean nods.
Once they’re in the car, Dean puts the keys in the ignition, but he’s stopped from starting it by Cas’ hand. Cas gives him a searching look and then gently, gently puts his hand on Dean’s cheek and kisses him, soft and slow.
(Maybe six.)
To be fair, he and Cas
“What do you mean by
Cas had promised not to.
It makes him happy because Cas is happy, which means Jack is happy, because they’re thick as thieves, two peas in a pod, birds of a feather–you name the idiom, that’s the two of them.
Dean’s eyes flutter open when he hears Cas enter and he sits up, saying softly, “I know sleeping with babies can be bad, cuz I read one of those books you got, but he just...” Dean turns his gaze to Jack. “He doesn’t go to sleep unless I do this.”
They all caravan to the kitchen, where they’d set out snacks earlier in the afternoon (and then Meg ate some of them). Dean goes for the snacks first, scooping up some pretzels and then sorting out the broken ones. He hands the other cup to Cas.
“Oh,” Dean says.
Castiel continues to put Dean back together. Right before he wakes him up and flies away to find that aforementioned body, he makes himself lips, presses a kiss to Dean’s forehead.
He trawls the tables of books, looking at various types of research, and manages to limit himself to just
“What does Sam think?” Cas asks, searching Dean’s face, a face that he loves so much, adores, even.
It was quiet in his bedroom, too--the only sound in the darkness was Cas’ soft breathing beside him--but here the quiet felt
“You know I was just in class,” she mutters as she answers. “Let me guess, Dean bailed on lunch and I’m gonna have to kill him.”
“Why not?”
The next minute passes with Kevin wondering if he can use the zero gravity rocket lab now to figure out play cards in space, since there’s a couple of weeks before expedition 67 goes up.
“Yeah, except for the fact that you wouldn’t stop flirting with her!”
“Hey,” he whispers. “Did I wake you up?”
Dean pulls away right as Cas’ brain is starting to reboot, and his cheeks are bright red, making his freckles stand out. “That’s… You’re...”
“Her name is Miracle!” Jack pats the paper. “We’re best friends. Momma found her after everybody disappeared.” He claps his tiny hands over his mouth. “I wasn’t supposed to say that.”
But the list still grows.
. They’ll be back, and next year is something Cas can count on. He’ll be a year older–he ages now, and he finds that he doesn’t mind it–and so will Dean, but the flowers around their little house will bloom again.
(So at least every other week.)
“Cas, I--”
Dean groans and swings himself out of bed, jamming his boots on and throwing his jacket over his pajamas, not bothering to really change, before heading out of the bunker, taking a couple of blankets with him.
“Maybe I do.”
ever again, it’ll be too soon.”
, so there’s no time to waste on experiments—but she doesn’t know much about what Castiel does for fun, what his interests are, that sort of thing.
in a suit.”
Caleb. “You can still do it.”
man. I can’t keep up a relationship--Lisa told me I was ‘too distant.’ What does that even mean?”
Letting Cas choose benefits Dean too, though, and they embark upon season three of
or, the one where sam has to fight through the UST
to do is go outside, take walks, see the world, read new books and try new recipes and go on dates with Dean and play scrabble with Sam and Eileen and take Jack to the community pool. What he actually does is sit and stare into space, or sit and stare at the television, or–
Cas can’t tell you how long he’s been sitting here in the library, the half-finished grocery list next to him. What he can tell you is that he was supposed to leave at least an hour ago.
(The snacks had been a Sam addition.)
Like–like if he had a chest (he soon will, curtesy of a pious man from Illinois by the name of Jimmy Novak) it would be expanding, if he had what humans consider a heart, it would be beating out of that chest, if only he could feel his pulse on his wrist–
“M’fine.”
While everyone else gets up, putting dishes in the dishwasher and tucking various toppings back into the kitchen cabinets (the whipped cream has to be hidden from Jack), Dean keeps flipping through the photos. There’s a couple he doesn’t think anyone ever took a photo of–it’s him and Jack fishing, right before Jack was about to die, and him and Claire playing mini-golf.
and also
“I--” Cas swallowed thickly.
(Dad and Pops were okay, too.)
“I--” Cas starts, but before he can really get anywhere, Dean’s eyes dart toward the bathtub.
to convince him. I’m only offering because then your new God will stop trying to break in, and so will you.”
To be fair to Castiel (or Cas, as he was more often called), he didn’t really deserve the title of arch-nemesis, but Dean was full of pent-up young adult rage and a hatred of ping pong.
“I suppose you could put it like that.”
Dean wasn’t normally the kind of guy who stopped to consider the state of things. Life just sort of happened, and he rolled along with it. That’s how it had gone for the past forty-two years: somewhere, early on, his father had told him pain was weakness, so he pushed through.
Dean hands the cocktail to a waitress to deliver to the right table and then starts pouring a glass of gin--two ice cubes exactly. He hands it to the man in front of him with a, “Heya, Cas.”
“So get--oh, hey, Jack. Why are you standing outside the kitchen?” Sam gave Jack a once-over. “Is something wrong? Did Dean let Cas help him cook again so now there’s soup all over the floor?”
The trick with shotgunning was to go fast, or else you would get sprayed with beer, and Dean realized about two seconds after Cas stabbed his can that he’d forgotten to mention that. Dean already had his beer popped open, but Cas–
They don’t really end up watching a movie, because Dean is
to finish an essay.”
Because it was theirs, huh? After over a decade of stolen glances and a couple of apocalypses and coming back from the dead again and again--it was
“Hm.” She takes another sip. “Maybe you need to hold onto that, Castiel.”
“A fun-sucking vampire,” Meg says.
“Right. Forgot about that, sorry.” Dean leans around Cas and grabs the blue roll of shop towels. “You can wipe it off with some of these.”
Because with all of that crap comes Cas, and Cas brings happiness, light into Dean’s life. Cas is genuinely interested in all of Dean’s engineering projects, does sappy shit like buy Dean flowers, only makes fun of Dean calling his car “Baby” a little bit, is willing to try anything at least once (which is sometimes great–like with sex–and sometimes a disaster–like with cooking).
“I told you that Sam packed us snacks.”
“Then you’re golden.”
“Nope. That stuff is gross.” Dean coughs again. He’s been to hell. He’s stopped the apocalypse a couple of times. He’s defeated
. If you had never been diagnosed, you would still be Cas.”
“Shut up!” Cas stage whispered, shoving her. “The whole class doesn’t need to know.”
because he sleeps like he’s getting paid to.
“You’re supposed to be at home, resting,” Castiel replies, frowning at his husband (Charlie still can’t believe it). “And what about your interview?”
“Fine.” Cas sighed.
Castiel doesn’t know what to say to that.
Dean had only gotten to know Cas when the other man had started staying at the bar until closing at least two times a week about a year ago. Now, he always sat in the same spot, always ordered the same drink, and always left right as Dean was wiping down the bar.
When he makes his way into their room, Dean is still asleep, although he’s rolled over and stolen Cas’ pillow, wrapping his arms tightly around it. Cas smiles over him.
“What happened?”
) told him there was a drive-in movie theater in Smith Center, Jack’s been begging to go. Tonight there was supposed to be a showing of
“Hey, hey, no need to apologize to me.” Dean clears his throat. “I shoulda…this one’s on me, okay? I shoulda called someone else to take care of it, or gotten back-up when we realized how many there were.” He takes a deep breath and reaches his hand across the table to Cas’s, gently tangles their fingers together.
This wasn’t like a wedding from one of those rom-coms Cas “made” Dean watch, and Dean couldn’t bring himself to care, because it was
“I got ‘em already. You want scrambled eggs when I get back?”
“How do you feel about marrying this guy if you don’t know him?” Elder asks, showing more concern than Castiel expected.
Maybe they should have just been late.
When Dean is comfortable, when he’s happy, when he’s with someone he trusts and cares about, he’s gentle, and he’s using that gentleness now to work Cas open. Cas is a little bit grateful that Dean went to the school of how to very politely have sex with people, but a small part of him wishes that Dean would just stop being so damn gentlemanly for a second.
Cas pads across the room and turns the music down before setting the mugs on the table. “I brought hot chocolate. I thought you could take a break.”
“Can I open them now?” Cas asks.
“Dean,” Cas whispers, “Lemme up.”
, and the prospect of feeling Dean’s arms around him again fills him with butterflies.
Charlie’s going to miss the office she’s used for the past six months--many a long night, weekend, and afternoon of laughter was spent here, with Kevin and the rest of the team. Of course, they’re not splitting up, there’s still research to finish up, experiences that came down with the astronauts to inspect, but it won’t be the same. It’s the end of an era, in a way.
They still haven’t talked about it, what happened when Castiel died and what he had said to Dean, but Castiel is beginning to wonder if maybe they don’t need to.
He knows how it feels to wonder if one day the careful balance he’s established between Cas-whose-brain-doesn’t-work and Cas-who-is-a-totally-normal-person will teeter to the other side, when something bad will happen again, something four-years-ago-bad.
Gibbs leaned over to Tony and whispered, “Go ask Dr. Novak about--”
little kid, so he doesn’t mind as much.)
Dean let go of Cas’ arm and hopped up onto the back of the truck before pulling up the door. As the cargo was revealed, still
They’re having their rehearsal in the soundstage they’re using, where the set is partially built--Dean just knows that he’s going to spend all of Thursday night
He’s at the grocery store, like he is practically every week (when you’re feeding two adults, one adult-sized toddler, and your brother and his girlfriend visit your house near-constantly, plus your sorta-daughter and her girlfriend regularly crash on the couch on the way to hunts, you go through a
He’s on the way back to his classroom to tidy up and prep for another day of learning (and mediating little-kid fights and tantrums) tomorrow when he hears someone call his name.
“Better than fine.” Dean turns off the burners at the stove and serves up the spaghetti. He sits down and they eat in silence for a few minutes until he says, “So have you thought about what you want to do tomorrow?”
“No, I just missed you.”
reenactment, because Jack had gotten to watch
for chrissakes) and pulling him towards him, sloshing the root beer.
“You got a way home?” Dean finally asks when they separate. He doesn’t let Cas get far, though.
Cas’ mouth drops open. “No.”
So maybe it would make more sense to stay closer to home, at least in Kansas, because that’s home, right? Dean was born there and he’s lived there all his life and he had his first real house there, right? The bunker’s war table bearing witness to a desperate first kiss, the library the site of many a late night, the kitchen where he finally perfected burgers. If he left, he’d stay close, right, within arm’s reach of the hunter’s life if it needed him again?
, Dean thought,
“Uh-huh.” Even in the dim early-morning light, Dean’s shit-eating grin is evident.
Cas is a member of their university’s beekeeping club and he’s double majoring in philosophy and English. Dean doesn’t know what he wants to major in yet, maybe social work, so he’s getting all his pre-reqs out of the way. Cas says that it’s okay to not know what he wants to do, and Dean believes him.
Castiel eats his sandwich.
“Really?” Mick asks.
“I believe they’re investigating it as a hate crime.”
and Dean decides to take him to the hospital, just in case. Cas hates getting a rabies shot and his hand darts out to grab Dean’s right before the needle goes into his arm. Afterwards, they go get milkshakes and they don’t talk about it.
“Hello, Dean.”
“And we’re adults. Let’s watch a movie.” Dean points a foot at the remote. “Your choice.”
“I have something to show you,” Jack says, and he pulls Cas out of the kitchen and to the back porch.
“We’re in
Cas bears on with his homework, trying to shake those thoughts out of his brain, and he’s kinda getting somewhere in reading this book when he’s interrupted.
“Don’t have to what? Make sure you’re okay? Something’s eating at you. You’ve been weird all day.”
“Okay.” Dean sits back, and Cas can see his whole face--brilliantly flushed, hair everywhere, gaze heavy on Cas. He grabs the box of condoms and pulls one out.
“That would be a
“Tomorrow’s Easter,” Cas continues, “And I want to go to church.”
“What about the passenger,” Meg starts, “Cas-Castiel Milton?” At the sound of Cas’s name, Dean lurches forward, and Meg grabs his shoulder.
Even if Dean is loud and brash and postures, Castiel has seen the underbelly of his character, held Dean’s soul in his hands, and seen that it was good, that at the root, it was brilliantly good.
“A guy?” Castiel can feel his eyebrows shoot up.
Mission Duration:
the kiss last night felt. When Cas has thought about what it might be like to kiss Dean (and as much as he hates to admit it, he
“What’s been up for the past couple of weeks? How are things with Mick?”
(One of the perks of going to an agricultural university? Your school had its own cows--which means fresh ice cream.)
“Think around noon, if that’s alright.”
For now, he orders the pizza and eats another cookie. Or two.
He never got a permit, barely got a real license, and every one since then’s been forged. He’s hot-wired more cars than he can remember, visited at least half of the contiguous United States, sampled every diner burger down I-50, and can tell you which motels have the best beds.
“Nope.” Sam spins around the chair for a minute before stopping to look at Cas. “You know why Dean gets so upset, right?”
but when Dean asked if Sam meant good-complicated or bad-complicated, Sam never had an answer.
Dean eventually stops smelling the coffee to snag Cas by the arm and pull him in. “Thanks, sweetheart,” he says, kissing him on the cheek–Cas moves his head to catch Dean’s lips with his own.
“Well hey there, stranger.”
“You can
Whatever ounce of composure Dean had left leaves him before Cas can intervene. “You wanna know why I don’t drink?”
“Whatcha got there?” Cas steps further into the room so that Dean, after he sets down the coffee and the bag on the coffee table, can pull him into his arms.
And it’ll all be damn great.
shoulder, and there’s a familiar searing pain, and Dean is flooded with warmth. When he pulls away, Cas is smiling at him.
This is the way he’s woken up for the past few months, with laughter filling his house and sunshine gathering in his room. Moving out of the bunker was one of those decisions that was hard to make, but once he’d made it, he couldn’t imagine doing anything else.
