“I thought you might like something familiar.” He holds out the cookies he’d baked this morning. “They’re not fresh, I’m sad to say, but I made them just this morning.”
to do anything right now, even though he knows the danger
“Steve? Hey, are you okay?” Tony asks, and Steve shakes himself back to the future. Tony is blurry in front of him, and Steve realizes it’s because he’s crying. Steve smiles and wipes off the tears before glancing back at Tony, who’s sitting across from him in his beautiful tuxedo. Tony’s gorgeous brown eyes crinkle with concern.
, and it would have delayed Thanos. Would have given them a chance to regroup, to fight back, to
“Oh, um, thank you, but I—I can’t get drunk,” Steve says. His fingertips are tapping against his thigh and he can’t help that his eyes are darting across the table, looking everywhere except at Tony.
Tony sits on the floor, staring at the wall. He doesn’t know how long he zones out, but he’s stopped crying. He feels numb, as if nothing matters anymore.
Tony can tell instantly that Steve is on guard. This is less his boyfriend and more his team leader. He holds in his instant remarks and instead waits for Steve to set the tone of the argument.
Five years lost. Five years sacrificed.
Tony nods. The time has arrived.
He shouldn’t, he knows, but Steve hates the future. He hates that he survived when Bucky didn’t. He hates that he has to keep living a life without Bucky.
“They help me
“You’re gathering a task force, I see.”
So when Head Advisor to the King Obadiah Stane gives the sad and shocking news that the King has fallen ill of the mind, Steve is positive that something is going on.
Steve stops for a moment, looking over at Tony with sadness and regret in his eyes.
He doesn’t want this to end with Steve. He knows Steve is better for him than anyone he’s ever possibly going to meet, whether in the present or the future. He has to keep trying.
“No,” Steve shouts. Tony flinches. “No,” Steve continues, softer. “This is wrong, Tony. You shouldn’t have signed. We’re supposed to be a team. Being part of a team means making decisions together. Ignoring that I’m the leader of the Avengers, I’m your boyfriend. Everyone on this team is mine to protect, and that goes double for you. Why… Why didn’t you come to me?”
Steve’s scent wraps her in a cocoon, a protective bubble of scent and safety and love, and Toni falls to her hands, a cry escaping her as her mind
The King sits on his throne. He pulls Tony with him until Tony is settled between the King’s knees. When he speaks, the King is quiet, like parting from the words is sacrilegious, like if he says it loud enough their meaning will become
. But he didn’t deserve this, did he?
“Sir Zola? You are sure?”
Stevie takes it for what it is and dives in, pushing Toni back onto the bed and crawling over her as their lips crash together. Toni whimpers in response, at the mercy of whatever Stevie wants, giving herself over without question.
The Iron Knight walks down the cobblestone roads, his head back and gait steady. The villagers wave and smile, pleased to see a true servant of their King protecting them on their day of indulgence.
When they wake up the next morning, they find out they don’t have to stage a breakout anyway. Tony is relieved just as much as he’s angry.
“You know the passage,” Bruce says. It’s not a question.
A softness creeps into Steve’s body, and he reaches out to Tony, cradling his face. “You survived, Tony. Not only that—you thrived. I know things are tough between us, but never doubt that I love you.” There’s a pregnant pause, and then, “I’m not trying to be harsh. I know you’re trying, but you can see how I’m right in this case, can’t you? Do you understand what I’m trying to say, about us doing this together? You shouldn’t have to go through this alone. Let me do it for you. I can’t lose you.”
“I heard a rumor.” The tenor of the King’s voice reverberates, like a sledgehammer to Tony’s helmet, loud and damning in his ears. “Whispers of an uprising out west, in the forgotten ruins of Manhattan’s far borders. It appears as if the citizens there believe their Prince to still be alive. That he’s been living in Brooklyn in secret to gain the King’s favor before chopping off his head.” The King pauses. A heavy weight pushes against his body, trying to send him to the ground, to lie prostrate. “You wouldn’t happen to know anything about this, would you?”
, Tony. Our problems are limited to what’s on Earth. And if something does come for us, we’ll fight. And we’ll win. Together. I thought you knew this by now.” He scoffs, and his eyes deepen, sinister and mean.
Tony gathers him close, pulling Steve down into the soft blankets, and settles the tray of cookies on his lap. The smile on his lips draws Steve in, and it’s not even a second before Steve leans forward and presses his lips against them.
“Oh, it’s nothing. A parking ticket. Word to the wise: laws that only have a cash punishment are a punishment to the poor.”
Steve feels so guilty. He feels like he’s betraying Bucky’s memory by falling in love again.
begins to play.
(He wants Bucky.)
, and Steve can’t have that. He can’t have Tony thinking that Steve could ever hate him for this.
“Would you?” she asks. “Would you go back, if you could?”
It’s the release Toni needs to prepare herself for an Alpha’s claim.
The first drag in his lungs is like fire scorching. He watches the goats, holds in the nicotine for minutes on end. Blows the smoke out in silence. Time passes, the sun rising in the sky.
Instead, he’s been given this life. Travelling the world, alone, always alone. No best friend. No husband.
Tony nods his head, sniffling, and turns around in the circle of Steve’s arms. Steve thrills at the movement, how Tony doesn’t try to get away. Tony selects a different record, and he switches out the current one with the new.
“No!” He blasts at Bucky, sees an opening, and charges up the unibeam before kicking Steve against the wall and turning on Bucky, blasting off his arm.
“Yeah, Tony,” she answers. “It’s over.”
“Of course, Queen Bee. Love you. Good luck with the new dress.”
, Tony.”
No, for Toni, success is making Stevie Rogers smile.
When all is said and done, half of the Royal Court has been either killed or jailed. Zola had caved when presented with Natasha’s terrifying interrogation skills, listing name after name of people that were part of the King’s poisoning. The most shocking of all was Sir Obadiah, the mastermind behind the plan.
The empty pack lands on the ground next to his leg. Steve opens the phone, trembling with repressed emotion. A promise of return, a promise of love, a promise of connection. That’s what this phone had been meant to represent. A secure, open line to reach Steve, no matter the time, after Steve had fled for Wakanda.
coming. The doors open behind him and he turns, surprise fluttering across his face for a moment at seeing Steve.
“We need to find a way to break everyone out,” she mentions, careful of her words. “I can’t stand the idea of them locked away. Not now that we know the truth.”
He nods and Steve beams back at him, walking forward and stopping just in front of Tony, holding out a pair of cufflinks. They’re of the reactor, the very first one from Afghanistan, and it doesn’t take Tony long to realize that Steve painted them himself.
This is what his life has turned into. Waiting for a ring. For a vibration.
It's too much.
Tony swallows. It’s too much for him. He doesn’t deserve to have Captain America of all people telling him he’s worthy of anything.
Toni is his to command.
He knows it’s psychosomatic, his dislike. He knows his body has healed in the seven or so months that’ve passed since he was thawed from the ice. He knows he’s warm now.
Tony cuts him off. “I can't. I—I love you. God, I shouldn't after everything, but I can't help loving you, Steve Rogers. If I don't get myself out now, you will be my downfall.”
“I didn’t think you would let me sign,” Tony says. Silence follows his proclamation, but then Tony’s voice goes low, a dull whisper, “I’m sorry I didn’t come to you. I just… I thought that this was the best course. We need to be put in check. What if something like Ultron happens again? I wouldn’t survive it a second time, Steve. I barely survived the first.”
“Mmm, so I did. Would you like to come in?” Steve opens the door wider, and Tony can see Steve’s bed, hospital corners and soft sheets, and he wants to throw himself on them and mess them up and do nothing less than defile.
Everything changes after Ultron.
The sound of a door opening reverberates around him and he closes his eyes, trying not to let his sobs escape his lips.
“Steve,” the King whispers, his fingers running through Tony’s hair. Each pass creeps closer and closer to the soulmark written on the back of Tony’s neck. “When it is just you and me, you will call me Steve.”
Steve rushes to collect the people he trusts. Thor, Natasha, Clint, and Bucky follow Steve without question, each dressed for war. Thor hands Steve a shield, round and strong, and a trickle of doubt whispers in his mind. What if he’s wrong? What if he’s doomed these people to death?
But he had been too slow. Too late.
Tony laughs and the tension breaks. Steve breathes, in and out, and thinks to himself—
“Yes, boss.”
The hum of the electronics around him is all that Tony can hear.
He turns back toward her and waves. Watching her walk out the door, Steve feels himself become adrift in a sea of emotions as he turns back to face Tony.
Thor holds her up as another wave of heat presses against Toni’s stomach, firm and big and
Steve and he are cuddling in bed that night, and Steve’s hand is just so tender over his chest, over his scars. His thoughts from earlier echo in his head, overwhelming in their intensity, and the emotions burst out from him, unbidden.
He’s free from the public eye in the evening, and he meets Tony in the foyer of the Mansion, still wearing his old dress uniform that he’s been dressed in all day. Tony comes down the stairs in a stunning, Iron Man red tuxedo, and it’s all Steve can do to keep his whimper below Tony’s hearing. Tony’s hair is tousled, like he’s been running his fingers through it—like
Tony’s eyes drop to the table. A blush rises to his cheeks, and he nods, like he doesn’t know how to respond.
“There's nothing wrong with that, Tony. Your relationship ended, and it was a beautiful, tragic little pocket of happiness you carved out for yourself, crushed irreparably.”
“When we found out you were alive, it took a while, but he told me that…” Tony bites his lip, glancing to the side, and then seems to come to a decision within himself. He tilts his head just the slightest to the side, his eyelashes fluttering against his smooth skin as he looks back up at Steve. “He told me that, one day, you would take care of me, too.”
He closes his eyes again, letting the darkness envelop his vision, and waits as Natasha strips him out of the armor.
“I’m tired, Nat,” Tony says. It’s out of the blue, he knows, but he’s ready.
“So you say, Iron Knight.” The King stands, his height towering over Tony even while clad in the Iron Knight armor. “Remove your helmet.”
He holds Steve’s hand. He makes Steve hot chocolate the
He opens a set of doors and finds Steve and Bucky. Seeing Steve so defensive at the sight of him stings something deep in him, but he won’t let it stop him. He cares too much for Steve, for his happiness, to let things get even worse than they already are.
“What did you
Steve bakes them fresh for the King, listening as he sits at the table near the ovens discussing his plans for a new waterway that will help the far-reaching villages overcome the drought. The pleased hum that escapes King Anthony’s mouth warms Steve’s bones. A blush rises to his cheeks.
“I’m your team leader. You’re under my responsibility. You know this. I should’ve been the first person to know about this. Why did Ross go to you and not me, anyway?”
“Thank you. It was my childhood butler’s recipe.”
know, Tony is just another Manhattan orphan left to die, and yet—yet the King is acting as if he
He moves himself into one of the guest rooms two weeks after their argument, unable to sleep in the same bed as Steve anymore. Not after what he said and the lack of empathy he’s shown toward Tony’s emotions. There are a million second chances that Tony will give to Steve, but this one cut too close to brush off so easily. Steve knows exactly how to hurt Tony, just as Tony knows the same of Steve. Tony struggles to reconcile the man who handcrafted cufflinks to give Tony on their first date with the man who can take a knife and cut away pieces of Tony’s heart.
, and Tony’s done.
He cuts himself off as he actually takes Steve in, his mind short circuiting for a moment. The old fashioned Army dress uniform is
He says yes.
into Toni, and her knees go weak, the overpowering scent of an Alpha like a geyser of sensation to Toni’s brain. It’s so much, and it takes a moment for Toni to expose herself to it, to see if that ancient call of
Tony closes the helmet on the suit and shoots at him.
He knows his drinking wasn’t the cause of Ultron—knows he was manipulated by Wanda, by his hubris, his arrogance—but drinking has always been an indulgence, something that helps him to forget, and Tony… doesn’t deserve to forget what he did. The people he's murdered deserve better than to have Tony’s guilt over their deaths drowned out by a haze of alcoholic peace.
He gets back to the Compound late that evening. He’s in the middle of taking off his jacket when he gets caught on his cufflinks, staring at the shield design. Claiming him. Protecting him.
Little strings of light are set up around a white canopy, leading to a single table setting for two. The sound is muted, like Tony is running a muffler to quiet New York City. There’s a tiny glass vase in the center of the table, and Steve’s mind races back to reading his mom’s old books on gardening, including one on flower meanings.
, a howling wind carrying an absolute truth along its current.
Tony lets her pull him close.
The five Alphas of her pack await her approach. Agatha, the pack’s Witch, has laid an enchantment on them to help Toni choose without interference.
“As you wish, Sir Doctor.” The guard looks put out, but he opens the door, and Steve finally is allowed inside.
means.
He glances at his sleeves, at the Captain America shield cufflinks secured at his wrists.
He bites into his sandwich.
“You told me he spent years being tortured, Tony. And you told me you’ve been dating him for five and a half years? You’ve been working to terminate the mind control, and it was HYDRA who had him, wasn’t it? I bet—” Realization slams into his head and he cuts himself off with a sharp gasp. “You’re the one who rescued him, aren’t you? You—You brought him back. You’re helping him recover.”
Tony refuses to let himself think of the date. Refuses to think of how he wishes he could spend today of all days somewhere else, just him and Steve, wrapped around each other with smiles and laughter echoing in the air around them.
Steve sobs once, covering his mouth as he takes in everything Tony is offering him.
“Hey, Cap,” Tony answers. “What brings you here to my humble abode?”
“You are being watched, Sir Baker.” Her tone is as piercing as the knife in her hand. It’s not a threat, but a warning, and Steve takes it as so. “You must remember your place. The Court will have you hanged if you speak ill of them.”
A fleeting thought—
“The Court houses traitors, Sir Baker.”
He’s twenty-one now, the day of his majority having passed a scant month ago. Tony remembers when the King had taken Tony in off the streets, just two years after his parents had died. The young King had greeted Tony with a kind hand, with a soft smile, with welcoming blue eyes. It’s been an absolute truth in Tony’s world that someday, somehow, the King would demand for Tony to repay that kindness.
Then he finds out about Lagos.
He doesn’t know how long he kisses Steve. It feels like hours, like days, like seconds, and when they stop and Steve pulls away, just far enough to rest his forehead against Tony’s, Tony lets his ragged breathing consume the air between them. He doesn’t remember it, but at some point he must have been pushed against the wall, and Steve’s presence in front of him is commanding, large and powerful and safe. This is what happiness must be, this moment in time—Steve’s forehead against his, Steve’s hands on his face, caught in the cradle of his loving embrace.
Janet giggles in Toni’s ear, bare breasts pressed against Toni’s sweat-covered back. Her small fingers glide against Toni’s stomach, teasing along the heated skin.
He has to spend his morning and afternoon participating in Fourth of July celebrations. It may be his birthday, but it’s Independence Day, too, and Captain America holds a duty to his country.
about it. Ashley can talk your ear off about all the different types. It’s so interesting.”
Tony tears his eyes from the leaf, blinking once as he meets Natasha's calm stare.
They hit a rough patch, about seven months in, and Tony knows it’s his fault. He’s been trying, of course he has, but it’s been difficult. Pepper, his most successful relationship, left because of him. Previous relationships all failed because he wasn’t capable of being the person they needed in a partner.
“I don’t think I can do this anymore, Steve,” he says.
“Yeah, sure. Let him in.”
He doesn’t remember the Soul World. Not really. Steve recalls an endless sea of red, nothingness stretching on for eternity. There were other people there, he thinks. But even thinking of that makes his head feel like exploding, and he has to stop.
(Christmas in July is a saying for a reason.)
“How can you really expect me to still be here waiting for you, Steve?” Tony mutters, trying to calm the raging inferno storm inside him. He knows it’s not Steve’s fault. He knows it’s his own failings that have led to this situation. He just has to tell Steve. “I’m—I’m not okay. I’m struggling. I have tried so hard to be here for you, to support you, all while you have been off for weeks at a time with no communication, no way for me to track you, and I—I can’t do this anymore, Steve. I can’t. I feel like I’m playing second fiddle to Bucky. I just… can’t do this anymore.”
If Steve just said he was sorry—
Cap picks him up and Tony cries in protest, his forehead pounding with the movement. Cap is gentle, sticking to the darker hallways instead of the ones next to the bright, untinted windows. They finally reach a room, and Cap unlocks the door, shouldering it open. He walks straight to the bathroom, depositing Tony in the bathtub, and Tony grins up at him. Cap starts to tug Tony out of his clothing.
The bed is too soft. The blankets smell wrong. The air is too polluted.
“Soldier,” Tony greets.
“Sir Clint told me what you were doing. Gather those you’ve selected. Do it quiet, but do it quick. We’re working against the clock now.”
Steve takes him out to get hot dogs a few days later. Tony laughs when Steve gets a bit of ketchup on his cheek, pointing it out and guffawing when Steve blushes down his neck into his shirt.
“Captain!” Tony smiles. “It’s wonderful to see you. Here, let’s go sit down,” he offers, gesturing to a booth. “Oh! This is my best friend, Janet Van Dyne. You might have heard of her as the Wasp?”
Tony chuckles. “Yeah. Yeah, he does.”
A candle flickers to life in Steve’s head, and he nods, the action more by rote than anything else. The muffins are placed on a plate, artfully arranged around the platter of cheeses and meats from Sir Chef. At last, Steve heads for the King’s chambers.
Private.
“Captain Rogers is requesting entrance, boss,” she says.
“I'm sorry. I just—I can't. We're done, Steve.”
Tony, beautiful, wonderful, intelligent,
“I’m my own person. It was easier for Ross to get to me instead of you, apparently. I don’t know. We need to be put in check.”
What belongs to Bucky is Steve’s, it’s true. But what belongs to Steve is Bucky’s, as well.
No one.
“And I would bet anything that, the moment Bucky found out I was alive, he set to work in making sure that I could have you.”
They’re all beautiful, without a doubt. Their fur gleams in the moonlight, eyes bright and ready to honor their Queen’s choice. A shiver wracks Toni’s body as she steps forth into the moonlight. Her skin responds to the call, gleaming like a pearl, vibrating with the ancient energy of what will soon happen.
He wanders off to Clint’s room, barging in, and heads for the mini fridge.
“Make yourself at home,” Tony says as he removes his jacket. “I’ll be back in a moment.”
“Then where is he?” Bucky’s voice is just as quiet as Steve’s. It wouldn’t do for either of them to be overheard. “You know the King. He wouldn’t let anyone keep him down.”
from his mistakes. All his life, all Tony has tried to do is correct his mistakes. From selling weapons to the black market, to Obie, to providing technology to SHIELDRA for their Insight Program, to the Mandarin, to Ultron, to Pepper, to—
. What people expected of Captain America. But not even that matters, anymore—Bucky sits a world away, in Steve’s bed, in Steve’s uniform, in Steve’s
It doesn’t matter now. Nothing matters. Tony hadn’t said yes. The rejection had sat sour in the depths of Steve’s soul.
. He’s
They sleep side by side, but their backs are turned, and Steve only relaxes once he falls asleep. Tony flips over, sometimes, just to watch the rise and fall of Steve’s breathing, and wonders if the love they feel for each other means more than the damage they cause.
Tony sips his own drink, gaze caught by the fire, and Steve gets lost in his eyes once again.
hasn’t even ended before recognition fills Steve to his very bones. He curls his fingers around Tony’s waist and turns Tony to face him. His mind just—shuts down, from hearing this song and knowing what it means, to seeing Tony’s beautiful, tear streaked face. He looks like an angel as he cries, eyes wide and wet and gorgeous, and Steve feels something new come alight inside him at the sight.
God, why is he so
screaming in her ears. But it’s quiet, like it holds the potential but hasn’t been actualized. Toni knows it could grow if she fosters it, but James rolls to his belly in front of her, and that’s not what Toni needs. Not from her mate.
He doesn’t want to deal with the words that accompany that tone. He knows, somehow, that that tone means he’s done wrong, that he’s screwed up yet again, that he’s shown the world what a failure of a human he is. He doesn’t want to deal with it.
“You underestimate how wonderful you smell, my Queen. The Alphas have surely already gathered at the Circle.”
. He’s a broken old man, trying and trying and trying, failing over and over, struggling to make a positive difference in the world. Everything he’s ever done has blown up in his face, one way or another. Tony doesn’t know if he can take another blow.
As long as they’re together, they can do anything.
“Seek the Royal Falconer.”
Tony chuckles at himself, trying to get some semblance of order and coolness to return to his expression. By the laughter dancing in Steve’s eyes, Tony knows he isn’t exactly succeeding.
Bracing himself, he puts up walls and blocks his emotions as much as he can. He’s here to do a job. He’s here to protect Steve. He can’t let Steve suffer. Even as their relationship falters—despite every ounce of pain and regret between them—Tony knows in his soul that he and Steve can make it through this if they both try. He told Steve he would try.
Toni beckons to Natasha first. The red wolf stalks forward, snout pressing into Toni’s covered stomach as soon as she can reach. Toni reaches down and places her hand on Natasha’s head, the fur soft. “Let me know you.”
“Steve?” Tony enters, silent, and lays a hand on Steve’s back. “Steve, baby. Talk to me. What happened?”
, and was even mind controlled. Tony was working on a method to break it, but so far, the two of them have been playing it safe and keeping his boyfriend’s identity need to know.
“You don’t deserve that shield.”
“Yeah,” he concedes, if for no other reason than to put an end to this farce. “It’s okay, Cap. We’ll get through it—together.”
“I know, I’m sorry,” Steve responds.
is the suspected killer.
“Okay, Tony.”
(A cave behind a waterfall flashes through his mind.)
The word falls like an avalanche, silent, but crumbling under the weight of so much
Steve’s grip tightens. His eyes narrow. Tony feels blood begin to pool in his mouth.
. It’s his fault that half of the entire universe turned to ash for five years.
is Tony’s boyfriend changes the entire game.
Seeing the Avengers die (seeing Cap—Rogers—
“What’s this, Cap? Trying to get me all wet and naked?” He laughs, the flush of Cap’s cheeks enticing. “All you had to do was ask.”
“My beautiful James.” She kisses his nose, rubs her hands down his belly. In another world, another life, he could be the right partner, but his soul has been broken, has been stripped of too much to be the Alpha King she needs. “You may go find your mate.”
In the vase sits four different flowers. There’s a small bunch of Peruvian lilies. A few red carnations. A handful of gladioli. And—And a single tulip in the middle of it all.
“I’m so sorry,” she says, reaching him and dropping gracelessly on the ground next to him. “I’m so sorry, Tony.”
And then Bucky, walking toward him, and a feeling of—of wrong, of not right, of—of—
Toni shifts in her seat, her thighs rubbing together in response to the heated exchange. She hates herself for it, just a little—but, if there were to be anyone that Toni is weak for, it should be Stevie.
“Your Iron Knight.”
Tony bites his lip and shoves his face into Steve’s chest. An instant wet spot begins to form on his uniform, but Steve can’t be bothered to care. He rubs his hand up and down Tony’s back, and whispers, awed, “I can never thank you enough for saving him, Tony. I could never hate you for this. You’re—You’re
“Come on,” Cap says. Captain. Steve. America Man.
Steve breathes in shakily, and then nods his head once with a sigh. “Okay. As soon as this is over, we’ll figure us out. I promise. We
Fuck, but Steve had screamed, had cried, had begged God to show mercy on his soul. Had pleaded for nothing less than to make up for all his past mistakes to Tony.
But Steve? Steve, his boyfriend, his childhood crush, his love come to life—
“Hey, Tony,” Steve says. His voice is awkward, too high pitched in the middle, and his shoulders are drawn in on himself. He looks like a man who’s been down on his luck, and no matter what they’re relationship is, Tony wants nothing more than for Steve to be happy.
The clang of metal against metal jars the atmosphere of the room. It’s like it knows something is coming. Like it knows Tony isn’t long for this world.
He walks back out into the streets. Maybe, if he’s lucky, he can find a little place that serves
All they have to do is get through this Accords business.
, Agent Romanov had told him—was the one to find out and expose them all.
The talk between them is quiet and warm, familiar in a way that Steve’s addicted to. Eventually, Tony lays a hand on his bicep, tilting his head to look into Steve’s eyes, and asks, “Do you want to spend your birthday with me?”
The two of them get situated on the bed. Stevie pulls Toni close, her manicured fingertips grazing against the exposed stomach, and nestles Toni so that she’s resting her head in the hollow of Stevie’s throat. Her natural aroma is strong here, pulling Toni in with each breath.
“If you wanted to keep it while I was gone, all you had to do was ask, Tony. Hold on to that. I’ll be back for it—and for you—soon. I swear. Wait for me.”
Bruce’s eyes narrow. He takes the plate from Steve, grabbing a piece of the meat and gathering a small kit of devices Steve’s never seen before. Steve can’t follow along with what Bruce is doing, but it’s just minutes until Bruce is back in Steve’s space in the corner.
He doesn’t tell Steve—not right away. He shakes, the encounter underneath the MIT auditorium still vibrant in his mind.
,” Steve whispers.
Strong fingers lift Tony’s chin. The King’s grip is strong, sure of his welcome, and Tony bites the inside of his cheek.
“I can’t do this right now, Steve,” he manages to say. “Let’s talk it out after the whole business with the Accords is over. Can we do that? Please?”
Tony lowers himself. Bends his knee. Bows his head. Holds back the quivering of his bones. “Yes. This I do swear.”
The air freezes in the room, and Tony can’t breathe, overcome with the proposition. “Your Majesty?”
“You know what, baby girl?” Stevie says into her neck. “I bet we could make a better lesbian movie, don’t you think? Show off your pretty, pretty thighs around my head. Zoom in on your clit in between my fingers. Capture your chest bouncing up and down while you ride my hand.” The unzipping of her jeans deafens Toni, as loud as it sounds, and Toni lets out a sob when Stevie slides a hand under the band of Toni’s underwear, raking her blue fingernails through the dark curls on Toni’s mound.
The lighting doesn’t change. Tony lays his hand over his eyes, remembers JARVIS’s death, and feels his heart break all over again.
“Let her in, FRI,” he says.
“God, Tony. I knew this is how you would react.” Steve is resigned, broken, his pinched gaze fastening onto Tony in the low light. “I knew you weren’t capable of handling it. You’ve never been able to handle it, and I had to protect you, protect Bucky. I couldn’t let anything happen to either of you. He’s my friend, Tony.”
“Memories can be good things, Cap. Don’t ever apologize for getting lost in them. You of all people deserve that happiness.”
He might be enraged, infuriated, and hurt by the betrayal she did to him—a decision which led to his best friend being shot down and stuck in a coma in a hospital, most likely never to walk again—but Tony can’t deny, not even to himself, that she did it with nothing but the best of intentions.
Steve enters, his eyes glancing around the lab—whether leftover from Ultron, or just simply something he’s begun to do since visiting the labs more often—and then settling on Tony.
He hesitates. Steve hasn’t been forbidden from seeing Tony. He hasn’t even been discouraged. Agents Romanov and Barton have told him time and time again that he’s a great person… just rough around the edges. But, consistently, everyone he’s talked to has assured Steve that he will like Tony. He just has to get past the act he puts on for the world.
The Royal Doctor approaches the doors, small in stature and mousy of hair. Bruce Banner, a trusted physician that oversaw the health of the previous King. The guards surely must know better than to disobey him.
“Oh. But a—a
Maybe if he drinks enough, he’ll disappear.
Steve steps outside into the cold winter air and it’s all he can feel.
Steve nods. Natasha moves like a wraith as she sets the knife on his pillow next to his head, leaving the room on silent feet. Just as she reaches the door, she bites her lip and pauses her steps.
It’s inevitable between the two of them, isn’t it? No matter how long things go right, they always circle back to arguing at some point. Their personalities clash more often than not.
He opens his eyes. Red hair falls in tight ringlets around a beautiful face, shocking green eyes capturing his attention.
Steve has trouble seeing how someone that could selflessly put themselves on the line like Tony does as Iron Man could ever be rough around the edges.
. You can’t just say that!” The aforementioned blush blooms across her cheeks in an instant, eyes darting this way and that for any potential eavesdroppers. “What if someone tells my dad?”
They go on more dates—official dates, with Steve asking Tony out with a small gift each time, less extravagant than the first but sentimental in some way nonetheless—until Tony knocks on Steve’s door, on June twenty fourth, a smile on his lips and light in his eyes.
“It’s late,” Tony says, a barely there sigh in the tone of his voice.
“Yes, yes. I’m all yours, Stevie, just for you—”
Steve hums, distracted, and shifts on his feet, still reeling from
“I know. I know.”
Sometimes, the only heat that they’d had in the winter months had been from what their bodies shared; and yet, Bucky had promised Steve that, someday, the two of them would run away and find a better place, where it could just be the two of them, happy and free.
Steve’s head spins. Bucky is alive. He’s
A few days go by. The Kingdom is aflutter with the scandal. Steve is accosted by people singing his praises and demanding to shake his hand.
But he gave his blood, his sweat, his tears—he gave everything he was, every atom of his existence, to the fight. To the cause. To being a good soldier. A good man.
“Why?” she asks.
“Tony—” Natasha starts.
Bucky’s hand lands on his shoulder. “Time to save our King. What’s the plan, punk?”
It’s been ten years since his parents died, ending the war and leaving him an orphan. After two years of fighting tooth and nail for a scrap of meat, a slice of bread, a blanket to sleep under—Tony Carbonell never expected to be taken in by the King of Brooklyn. Then again, he never thought he would abandon the
She calls upon Sam, next, a quiet Alpha with a sweet disposition. He greets her with a lick to her palm, polite as always, and sits in front of Toni as she utters the words to break the spell once again.
“Ugh, don’t call me Queen while you’re in me.”
He wakes up with the sun blaring into his eyes, the taste and smell of his own breath making him gag.
“He’s getting better! He’s just not ready for a lot of things. It’s slow progress, but he’s worth it.”
She sits next to him for another hour, tears streaming down her face, and Tony hates every decision he’s ever made that has led to her breaking like this.
“Okay, boys. We’re closing up now. You guys better get home before the storm worsens.” Ashley’s voice is kind but firm, and Steve glances out the window with surprise and then a forlorn sigh. He hadn’t realized just how long he and Tony had been talking. He also hadn’t realized it had begun to sleet, slush already forming on the ground.
Thor doesn’t seem to understand the problem—polyamory is the most common expression of love on Asgard.
Steve can hear a whisper in the back of his mind, a tendril of words like a fading mirage.
The day Thanos’s Children had arrived on Earth, Steve had called Tony, mesmerized by the motel’s clock blinking 5:00. Tony had answered, as Tony always does, and Steve had asked—he’s asked—
So Steve knows all this. He knows how completely in love Tony and his boyfriend are. He knows how protective Tony’s boyfriend is.
“Show me the song Bucky wants me to hear,” Steve whispers.
Tony, who survived, who found a way, who discovered time travel so the universe could be whole again. Tony, who willingly sacrificed his life to save everyone else’s, only to be gifted it back by Death herself.
—everyday, and it’s not right.”
“Can you tell me his name?” he asks, his tone soft.
“It’s okay, baby girl. I’mma take care of you. I’ve got you. You don’t need these baggy jeans anyway. I’ll get you some pretty ones to show off your legs and ass. You’ll be irresistible to all the boys, won’t you? But they won’t ever get a taste. Won’t ever get what I do. Isn’t that right, honey? You’re all mine, aren’t you?”
“It’ll be okay, Steve.” He kisses the words into Steve’s hair. “We’ll survive. Somehow.”
Tony and the unnamed woman turn to face him. Tony’s face lights up, bright and colorful and happy, and Steve feels guilt like a kick to the gut.
“Tony,” Steve says, low, and it takes all of Tony’s willpower not to whine at the tone in his voice. “Tony, can I kiss you?”
. Like he’s coming to terms with the fact that he’s screwed up their relationship so badly that Tony isn’t going to forgive him.
When he wakes up, he dumps all of his alcohol down the drain.
So they do, wrapped in each other’s arms, and
“Natasha’s going over to Jan’s for the weekend. Do you wanna come over and watch
Toni’s surely going to hell.
Stevie leans forward, resting her elbows on the table between them, and reaches out for Toni’s wrist. Toni obliges, and Stevie lifts it to her mouth, kissing along the pulse point while maintaining eye contact with Toni.
It hardens his resolve. This is for the King. For Anthony.
“I’ll be home soon, sweetheart. We’re okay.”
What a way to end Steve’s and his anniversary.
All he’s ever done is what was right. What was
Natasha comes striding in as soon as the doors open, her gaze hard but concerned, and takes one look at the phone in his hand before her face crumples.
“Knight. The King demands your presence.”
He’s been drunk for a week. He doesn’t care that his sobriety is broken. He doesn’t care that he’s probably going to die from how much he’s had. He doesn’t care about anything.
hot chocolate. Have some chili with cheese and saltines. Draw a thousandth portrait of Bucky.
Ashley comes over with the pie and sets it between them with two spoons and a wink.
He wraps his arms around Tony’s middle, practically crawling into his skin, and rests his head against Tony’s, his lips turned into Tony’s cheek.
They pick up Peter and Happy in Germany and then fly back to New York. Ross demands a status update, but Tony refuses to give in, placing him on hold immediately.
“If that’s the case, to whom might it be I’m speaking?”
, angry and hurt.
“James told me to wait after the last song,” Tony says.
It had always been a promise between the two of them. They had never been rich. They’d struggled. Bucky’s father had refused to help them with any money issues that had arisen for them, and Winifred had only been able to do so much.
“You must love your boyfriend a lot, huh,” Steve says.
—crosses Tony’s mind before he dismisses it.
Steve’s words begin to blur; each vocalization is present in Tony’s mind, and he knows they’re meant to be words, but the meaning is gone, stripped from Tony’s mind into a string of useless sounds. Tony feels himself begin to cry as Steve gets off the ground, walks over to Bucky, and helps him stand up with a grunt.
Warmth flows up his back, and it doesn’t take his genius intellect to recognize super soldier body heat less than an inch from his body. A hand reaches for his hip, resting there, and the contact lights a fire up his spine.
Tony struggles to believe that Steve could be so cruel as to bring up Ultron again, to say that Tony learned
He grabs the pack of Camels sitting besides him. Opens it up, pulls out a cigarette, lights it.
The leaf hits the ground, resting so soft and careful on the grass. Just like there is nothing left for the leaf, Tony knows there's nothing left for him and Steve.
It’s a betrayal to Manhattan, to all the people that trust and honor the Stark name even ten years after being under Brooklyn’s rule. He’s the last true ruler of Manhattan, the only one of royal blood, the figurehead for the resistance—and he’s spent ten years planning how to take his revenge, planning how he would kill the King of Brooklyn and reclaim his throne.
He doesn’t blame Pepper for saying it’s too much. It was Iron Man or her, and Ultron showed her that Tony could never choose her.
will pound in Toni’s brain.
The signature haunts him,
“This was amazing, Tony,” Steve says. Tony chuckles, standing up and grabbing Steve’s hand.
roaring in his ears, and Tony can’t stop the grin that splits his face.
“My boyfriend isn’t in right now. Sorry I can’t introduce you; I know he’s been dying to see you,” Tony says, his voice filled with remorse.
“Did you make these?”
“I don’t know what you mean.”
She leaves, her shoes in her hands, after helping him up to the old common room. He stumbles onto the couch, falling down face first, and the phantom feeling of Pepper’s fingers trembling where they’d brushed through his hair lingers until he falls asleep.
“Tony,” Steve breathes.
“I do?” Steve asks. His mood dampens a bit. This is Tony telling him to step back, to put distance between them, that it’s the right thing to do and that they’re just best friends—but Steve can’t.
“Did you know?”
Tony can’t kill his soulmate.
“SHIELD doesn’t really tell me a lot.”
In a way, Steve supposes, it does.
“Oh, dude, don’t call me ma’am. I’m pretty sure I’m younger than you are. Just Jan is fine. It’s what all my friends call me.”
Steve smiles. “Together.”
He picks up the phone, lets the tears fall, and calls the only number programmed.
“I don’t care about fucking Barnes, Rogers!” Tony roars, throwing everything he has at Steve. He knows Steve can take it, but Tony needs Steve to hurt, to burn, to feel even an ounce of the pain that Tony is feeling. “You lied to me! You chose a friend over me! And on—on today of all the goddamn days you could have chosen—”
He goes back to his SHIELD-assigned apartment after leaving SHIELD Headquarters and he—he hates it.
Bucky had said, eyes vacant, locked inside a hazy memory.
the King. Steve is familiar with King Anthony when he’s just—just
Steve blinks in response.
“My friends and my mom already know my feelings—or lack thereof—toward men. I don’t much care what other people have to say.” Stevie leans back in the chair, her hands crossing in a stretch above her head. Toni tries not to stare at Stevie's puffed out chest. “It’ll be fun. You can spend the night. I’ve got some gummies we can have, or if you don’t want that, we can get into Nat’s Tobaritch. We can watch a movie about cute lesbians. Maybe,” and here a twinkle shines in Stevie’s eyes, giving away the teasing words next to come, “maybe we even make out a bit. I could watch that pretty blush spread across your chest.”
He’s Tony Stark. Like Harley said, he’s a mechanic. Mechanics fix things.
Bucky averts his eyes from Steve’s gaze and doesn’t say anything else. But it’s enough confirmation for Steve. Bucky knows something is wrong, too.
“You may approach,” says the King.
Steve still hasn’t apologized, even with the tension between him and Tony rising every day.
No one talks about Natasha letting Steve and Bucky go. Even if Tony is mad at her, he isn’t going to let her go to the Raft.
The smash against his head, the bleak darkness, coming to, only to watch as Thanos disappeared in a portal with a stunned Thor left standing bereft—
They head out and slip into Tony’s car, which had been parked on the side of the street next to the restaurant’s entrance. There’s a slip of paper on the windshield, and Tony doesn’t even glance at it before folding it and putting it in his pocket.
They make their way further into the bunker, searching for Zemo, and Tony’s world comes crashing down as soon as the video begins to play.
His outfit is more relaxed than normal—those jeans have to be Natasha’s work—and Tony tries not to let his eyes drift to the bulge in front. Steve’s shirt is a simple Henley, dark blue and tight across the biceps, and Tony resists a shiver.
“I’ve always belonged to Buck, even before we knew what we were,” Steve says. “And one thing has always been true through the years: Bucky seemed to know what I wanted, what I needed, before I even had a stray thought about it. He would give me anything I wanted if he could but do it.”
The Royal Head of Staff approaches him, a tall and imposing woman named Pepper. She guides him to the King’s chambers once again. The guards from before have been removed—Natasha and Thor stand sentry instead.
But he’s cut off by a soft voice. “I am here for the King. Sir Baker may join me. As it were, I need an assistant for today’s visit. Is that quite alright, Sir Guard?”
He reads the letter, staring at the words while his hands shake. He breathes in, trying to find it in himself not to cry, and then sits in the chair with a huff.
“Okay,” he says. Steve moves under him, a soft roll of his hips, and Tony’s breath hitches. “Okay, Steve. Together.”
The two of them make their way over to the booth. Tony calls over his shoulder to the waitress, ordering a chocolate cream pie, and then sits down across from Steve.
Tony sighs, glancing up at her, and nods his head. “Tomorrow,” he says, his tone final. “We all need to sleep first.”
“FRI,” he demands, “Order some whiskey. Maybe a crate. Express order. I don’t care how much money they want for it—I want it in an hour.”
Steve hesitates a moment longer, reaching out for Tony, and Tony yells again, shoving himself out of the room, passing Steve with not even a backwards glance.
“Okay, you have to try this. It’s so good. Come on, don’t be shy,” Tony goads, spooning off a piece and holding it out for Steve.
“Hey, Tony,” a voice wobbles from above him.
Tony makes an aborted laugh that sounds more like a cry. He nods his head against Steve’s chest and Steve pulls him closer. “Yeah. Yeah, Steve. I think you know James pretty well.”
“I’m sorry to hear that,” Steve says, and means it.
The worst part—the
Even aimed at Steve and with Janet gone, Tony’s smile is kind. He reaches his palm out, placing it on Steve’s bicep with a gentle nudge. “Let’s go sit down.”
Maybe this feeling is something he could live for. Maybe the way his heartbeat quickens when he looks at Tony’s lips, or the way he finds himself smiling in return when Tony does, could help him recover.
Not has. Had.
Steve is quiet, processing the request, and he tries to think over how oddly Tony is wording his sentences. In truth, Tony has always been odd when talking about his boyfriend in relation to Steve. Steve never has figured out why, but he’s sensing that something is going to change between them.
“Yeah,” he says instead. “This is perfect.”
“We’re not done yet, O Captain, My Captain,” Tony smiles. He leads Steve over to the record player.
adding a layer of whimsical happiness to the atmosphere. Tony tilts his head, like he’s listening with a renewed sense of energy, and Steve reaches a hand up, cupping Tony’s face with his palm.
“Yes.”
“Okay, Steve,” Tony whispers. “We all made mistakes. Don’t really need to rehash it, do we?”
“Don’t bullshit me, Rogers!” he bites out. “Did you know?”
He walks through the door instead, steps measured as he restrains himself, and doesn’t react when Steve closes and locks the door behind him.
Tony can feel his heart beating in his chest. It rattles around inside him, the
“James always told me—your relationship with him was kinda similar to how his and mine is.”
“I’m sorry,” he whispers into her shoulder. “Should’ve—Should’ve been better for you.”
“She’s gone. Everything—Everyone I had from—from before. It’s all gone.”
As the doors close behind them, Bruce ushers Steve past the King’s bed and into a sequestered corner. “You have an idea of who’s behind this, don’t you?”
“Here ya go, darlings.”
“Tony,” Steve breathes, astonishment and hope flickering in his gaze. “I knew you would come. I don’t know what I would do if I didn’t have you.”
Steve sounds wrecked, as if he’s finally allowing himself to acknowledge that he can’t just bulldoze his way through this
It’s not a cure all fix—there’s too much that actually does need to be discussed between the two—but it’s a start.
His paws, giant and menacing, land on either side of her shoulders as his belly fur brushes against her spine. She didn’t even see him move, the heat haze commanding her every movement.
When they exit the stairwell, Steve’s breath catches.
“Come on, Captain Handsome,” Tony winks. “I’ve got everything set up for us on the roof.”
The bombing at the UN happens and Tony shakes.
Tony finds Steve in the gym, pounding away at the reinforced punching bag Tony had made for him, and can’t help but take in the sweat gleaming down his back and his forehead. The tears streaming down Steve’s face, though—that’s new.
Natasha’s scent
He thinks of the single tulip, of a long gone conversation with Bucky, of how the flowers had to have been Bucky’s choice and not Tony’s.
“Go ‘way.”
Tony leans into his side, tentative at first as if unsure of his welcome. Steve opens his body, letting him settle against Steve’s chest. Tony sips on his hot chocolate and watches the fire as well.
This is the part Toni dreads, sending an unbonded Alpha back to her people. Toni knows the other Omegas in the pack will be waiting for Toni to send the Alphas their way, but even still, Toni worries that something may go wrong.
Tony stills, his body growing tense against Steve’s at the question, and then Tony says, “I call him James.”
He tries.
Steve thinks of the tulip and smiles into the kiss.
When they drop Peter off at his aunt’s and Happy leaves, Tony stands inside the Compound, empty and dark, and hates every second of it.
He approaches the Captain of the Kingsguard next, a mountain of a man named Thor. “Have you seen anything odd around the castle? Are you sure there hasn’t been a breach of the defenses?”
“So you know what I mean when I say that I’m James’s.” And Tony whispers those last words, like he’s parting with a secret he doesn’t want overheard, and Steve understands.
A goat walks up to him, bleating for attention, and Steve stares at it. He can’t help but remember what Bucky had named this one.
has—and his smile is bright, warm and open and for
Steve is panicked now, hasty when he says, “Tony, wait, we can—”
And—And with a taken man, at that.
“I loved you, Steve. I would have done anything in the world for you. But we both know we can’t come back from this. There isn’t anything left for us. We’re—We’re done.”
“I just—I
“You know the answer to this, Your Majesty.”
Tony cries himself to sleep again, wishing that he didn’t see the inevitable death of his relationship looming on the horizon.
“You have a boyfriend?” Steve asks. “But I thought—Jan—”
Pepper finds him and two empty bottles two hours later. She sits next to him, quiet, and it takes Tony too long to realize why that’s bad.
He tries to drag air into his lungs, tries to find the will to breathe, but nothing works, and he turns to Steve—
Tony’s smile dims. He tilts his head, a considering look crossing his face, and says, “Yeah. A boyfriend. I thought that was common knowledge around SHIELD?”
. Tony made the hot chocolate the
His scent matches him, unassuming and floral, and Toni kisses his snout with a soft smile. “You may go find your mate.”
If only they knew the truth.
He’s not drunk enough. He needs more. He needs to forget. He doesn’t want to think.
“Yeah,” Tony breathes. He steps up into his tiptoes, and his lips brush against Steve’s as he says, “You always take care of me, Cap.”
Tony looks away, struggling to tamper his returning smile.
Tony pauses for a moment, and Steve can see the anxiety crawling up his back. He places a hand against Tony’s nape, leaning his chest against Tony’s side, and Tony shudders in a breath.
Steve nods. Bites his lip.
His words are slurred and he’s not even sure if Cap can understand him. He can’t get the energy to open his eyes, but the jerky movements from before, of Cap undressing him, stagger to a stop.
Next is her Bucky, her
Steve takes off his own coat and shoes, and then wanders over to the fire, collapsing on the ground on top of the pillows and blankets. He soaks up the heat, letting it wash over his bones with a content sigh.
“Make fun of me when you’re sober. Have you been like this since you left? It’s been three days, Tony.”
Tony’s birthday arrives on a Friday and he locks himself in his lab. He hasn’t celebrated his birthday since the palladium poisoning, and at this point it feels wrong to do so. FRIDAY beeps above him, grabbing his attention, and he sighs.
Their kiss is like coming home, and Steve gathers Tony close, pressing against his lithe frame as much as he can, holding Tony like he might disappear at any moment.
He shuts the phone.
Tony holds his wrist in his hand. He refuses to let Steve knock him over, like a leaf caught in a breeze.
He calls Steve immediately, his pulse rushing through his veins, and tries to temper down his anxiety. He can feel an attack looming on the horizon, but knows that Steve’s okay. That everyone is okay.
Shock goes through his body like a bolt of lightning. A—A what?
Today is the celebration of his parents’ death. Brooklyn throws a feast for all to attend, remembering the fallen heroes that fought against the Stark’s tyrannical rule. The orphanages—slowly dwindling in numbers, thanks to the King’s generosity and incentive plans—are spruced up and filled with laughter, happy children dancing with each other without understanding what this day really means.
“Then answering me should not be cause for hesitance.” He pauses, moves his hand along the curve of Tony’s jaw, and cups his cheek. “I’ve let you run amok for long enough. It’s time to give in. You knew this moment was coming.”
In the morning, Steve bakes the blueberry muffins that King Anthony enjoys so much during breakfast. The Head Chef, a tiny man reeking of anxiety, cooks breakfast for the King, and when Steve offers to take it up, the Chef fidgets for a moment before nodding his head. “Don’t go stealing any bites. These have medicine in them to help the King’s condition.”
Tony closes his eyes and holds his hand over his chest, rubbing the scars through his shirt. He can’t do anything but accept Steve’s words as the truth.
But then he sees Steve’s smile, radiant and kind, a hint of true happiness at the corner of his eyes—
Tony pulls the phone away from his ear. He can hear Steve on the other end, frantic in his pleas, and closes his eyes.
Steve’s voice is so quiet that he’s sure Tony can’t hear him when he asks, “Bucky?”
Wealth, prosperity, fortune, and, most importantly, friendship. Love, pride, and admiration. Strength of character, faithfulness, honor, and remembrance.
. The plume of Steve’s confession settles for a moment and his eyes meet Tony’s—begging, hopeful, and all wrong.
He can’t do this anymore.
“My—My boyfriend—” Tony begins, stuttering. He breathes in once, deep, and then swallows. “You actually know him.”
Janet, Tony’s best friend, just gets this small, secretive smile on her face, her eyes laced with sadness and happiness both.
“Get out,” he says, deathly quiet.
He can’t force words out of his mouth. He can’t get himself to say anything, and Natasha seems to understand, and he doesn’t acknowledge the tears falling from her eyes.
Eight days go by. The clock and the calendar taunt him, announcing the date like a beacon in the sky, and Tony giggles.
Steve looks up from Tony’s chest then, meeting his eyes, and Tony tries not to breath in too harshly. Steve’s gaze is bright and fierce and determined, but underneath it all, there’s a hint of softness.
Tony wishes it would shatter like the remains of his heart.
He’s scared.
“Hey, can you hear me, Tony? Come on, Stark.”
. As if he wasn’t just trying to help an orphan live a better life. As if he wanted
If only Steve had grabbed a Stone. If only Steve had been
He loves Steve, more than he loves life itself, but he can’t let Steve bulldoze over his wants. Tony can only give so much of himself before nothing is left.
begins to play.
“I didn’t know it was him.”
Not that Stevie is. No, Stevie is all curves, an hourglass figure like Marilyn Monroe, with a busty chest and a model thin waist. Worst of all, Stevie
“So, I hear you’re the one I have to thank for my insanity being revoked.”
“He loves you, though! Don’t worry about that,” Tony says, words rushed, and it takes Steve a moment to realize Tony’s talking about his boyfriend. “He’ll be sad he missed you.”
Tony laughs, bright and hilarious. “Jan? Oh, god, I love her to death, but I could never date her. No, she’s my platonic soulmate.”
“Hey, soldier,” Tony greets as soon as Steve opens the door. “Fancy going on a date today? I’m—What are you wearing?”
“I guess we'll find out, won't we?”
He’s still trying to collect himself when Steve enters the bedroom.
Tony wears the cufflinks that night. Steve’s smile when he sees them is worth everything.
“I can’t, Romanov. Don’t ask me this.”
“It’s over, isn’t it?” he slurs.
He finds a promising restaurant and goes in. Steve scans the room—a leftover habit that he’s never bothered to grow out of—and double takes at the sight of Howard Stark’s son standing at the bar with a woman, talking to the waitress.
“No,” he whispers. Natasha slides her hand over, catching his in her grip, and refuses to let go. “I don't think I would.”
Every death brings about a new beginning; sometimes all you have to do is wait.
“I’ll meet you at six?” Steve asks. “You don’t have to wear a suit. It’s not that fancy of a place.”
Janet kisses along Toni’s neck. “Don’t worry about that. You just let yourself feel good, and I’ll do the rest. That’s what I’m here for.”
Clint scoffs. “Don’t play dumb, Sir Baker. Nat wouldn’t have sent you to see me if she didn’t trust you.”
“I trust you,” Tony whispers.
“Oh, it’s goin’ down,” she chuckles. “Bye, Steve! Nice to meet you!”
Refusing to drink—refusing the only peace of mind he’s ever had—is his penance.
“I do.”
It helps. He doesn’t know why.
The scent stays intense, stays overpowering and wonderful, but the call does not accompany it. Toni pets Natasha's ear, strong and sure, and says, “You may go find your mate.”
No Avengers. No Pepper. No JARVIS.
The light burns low in Steve’s room that night.
But Tony is…
He holds Tony’s small, lithe frame in his arms. It feels
“You got it, Steve,” she giggles. Turning to Tony, she adds, “I love you, babe. Beep me if you need me. I’ll see you for Christmas dinner next week, right? Daddy has been looking forward to it all month.”
“Come on. You can come back with me. I’ve got this nice, big fireplace. You’ll love it.” Tony steps up out of the booth, his eyes crinkling with his smile.
This is his life now. Always too late. He’s always a roadstop. Never the destination.
Bucky and Tony have been dating for five and a half years.
He stands up, a flawless motion that somehow doesn’t disturb the birds on his shoulders, and reaches for a stack of papers. He holds them in his fist, rolled up into tight tubes, and then flickers his sharp eyes over to Steve.
Steve hums, still swaying Tony to the rhythm of the song, and rubs his thumb under Tony’s eyes. He waits.
“Yes, boss,” FRIDAY says, and Tony lets himself ignore the emotion in her voice.
Neither of them say anything else as Cap washes him down, the water temperature perfect, and Tony lets himself drift.
“Come here, sweetheart,” Steve coos. “Come dance with me.”
The birds chirp around the enclosed field, and the moon’s power grows stronger over Toni’s body. The moonstone in her chest pulses in time with her heartbeat, strong and fast. When Toni opens her eyes, the final Alpha is in front of her.
The tension rises, thick and cloying, and Tony can’t hold back his shock and tears. He feels the anger rising in him, emotions that will consume him in a moment if he lets them.
Toni shivers as a rush of cool air invades the nest Toni’s built. Janet runs her hand to the apex of Toni’s thighs, her deft fingers collecting the liquid before sliding two fingers into Toni’s wet heat. Toni keens, rocking against the digits. Her voice is breathy already as she speaks. “You’ll call for the Alphas.”
Waking with a hangover is agonizing. Waking without anyone around him, knowing he’s ruined every good thing he’s ever had in his life—well, Tony knows he doesn’t deserve good things.
Steve stares at the tulip. He can’t tear his eyes away from it. His eyes sting, and he can’t remember the last time he really felt this happy.
Stevie laughs, hiding her teeth behind her hand. Toni’s never understood why Stevie doesn’t like showing her teeth when she’s happy. She’s beautiful inside and out.
Steve drops the shield.
Tony shuffles on his feet, but his breathing is quickening, and he leans against the heat of Steve’s chest. It’s like nirvana. “Yeah. If people found out where he is… Well. A lot of people are after him, and if they get to him, I can’t—I can’t protect him.”
. The goat is the runt of the pack, smaller than all the rest by leagues, yet has the strongest attitude.
Tony’s voice holds a secret to it, like he knows something Steve doesn’t, and Steve wonders at what it could be.
Maybe this is for the best. After all, he fucks up everything he tries to fix, doesn’t he? How many times has he thought that over? How many times has he seen the labors of his efforts fall to the ground, broken and abused?
Bing Crosby echoes around the rooftop. Steve closes his eyes, resting his cheek on top of Tony’s head, and sways them to the beat. They dance in small, slow circles, and Steve lets himself cry when the last line,
What Steve would give.
It’s mid-October and the two of them are sitting under one of the trees on the Compound grounds. Natasha holds a packet of blueberries in her hand, eating one at a time, while Tony nibbles on a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
“What’s that?” Steve asks once they’re both settled in.
“If you want to go,” Tony croaks, “I won’t stop you.”
, knows how to flaunt what her mama gave her and make Toni fall to her knees and pray.
Tony gasps in a breath of air. Glenn Miller and His Orchestra continue to play around them,
“I had to kill them, Tony. Howard was going to try to overthrow my Kingdom. He was going to try to
He doesn’t dodge the follow up, though, and suddenly Steve is straddling him in the armor. Tony can’t stop Steve before the shield is in his suit, cutting through the reactor, and Tony gasps.
Stevie bites down on Toni’s nipple at that, right through the thin material of Toni’s crop top. Toni hadn’t bothered to wear a bra today, not with the size of her chest being what it is. Toni’s never been more grateful that she’s a card carrying member of the IBTC.
“Thank you. I didn’t realize how much I needed this,” Steve says. Time doesn’t seem to exist in this little bubble that they’ve made together.
There’s silence between them as Steve processes that statement. It’s so—amazing.
Steve has heard so many things since unthawing. How HYDRA didn’t actually die with him. How Howard was actually working directly under the Red Skull. How Howard’s son—
He tries not to hold his breath.
The bolt of sensation has Toni jerking up, spreading her legs as best as she can with her jeans still on. Stevie—Stevie
Steve’s yell is enraged, and his next punch against the armor is so much stronger than all the previous ones. Tony staggers, falling to a knee, and barely manages to spin to the side to avoid Steve’s next attack.
He doesn’t drop to a knee.
“Language, Cap,” Tony giggles. His head vibrates and he groans, trying to press the cool bottle closer to him.
Tony’s breath hitches and Steve’s hands flex in surprise when saltwater hits his lips. Tony’s crying in his arms, and Steve shushes him, kissing away the tears. He turns Tony around, and his eyelashes are clumped together, eyes bright. He’s beautiful.
He can have this moment.
“You’re gone for so long, and I want you to find Bucky, I do, but it’s hard to be supportive when you’re gone more than you’re here.”
Tony brings him over a drink shortly after, and Steve moves over so Tony can sit on the blanket next to him. He takes a tentative sip and
What Steve would give.
die), is on a constant loop in his mind. By trying to save the Avengers, he murdered one hundred seventy-seven people in Sokovia alone. Every kill done by Ultron or one of Ultron’s bots is on his head and his head alone.
The King
This is the punishment Steve deserves for not stopping Thanos.
“Here,” Tony whispers. He pulls over a blanket, soft and heavy and warm, and wraps it around Steve’s shoulders. His fingers brush against Steve’s neck and he shivers.
,” Tony sobs, and his shoulders shake with untold emotions. “I’m sorry I never told you.”
Steve’s breathing is ragged, harsh and violent, and Tony wraps his arms around Steve as he finally breaks, sobbing into Tony’s chest. They fall to the floor in a heap, the musk of the gym surrounding them, and Tony brushes back Steve’s hair, rocking him softly in his arms.
“Tony,” Steve breathes, relief evident in his voice the moment he answers. He launches into a speech without a second thought, and Tony lets himself relish in Steve’s voice, if only for this moment. “I was worried when Nat told me you were locked in your lab. I said that we’re going to get through this, remember? I’ll figure out a way to get back to you. I’ll make this up to you somehow. Okay, sweetheart? We can be Avengers together again. And now that I have Bucky, I’m not going to have to leave on those long missions. I’ll be around as much as you want, Tony. I promise.”
“How long have you been together? If you don’t mind me asking.” Steve bites his lip, hesitant, and takes another sip of his drink.
to yourself, Tony?”
“You want to watch a film about lesbians having to hide who they really are? Don’t you get enough of that in your real life?”
Tony breathes in, holding it for four seconds, and then slowly releases it. “I need you to come home. Now. I need to see you.”
“None may enter.” The guard is too big, too wide, his teeth sharpened unnaturally. “We will deliver the King his food.”
“I was coming to find you, actually,” Steve says.
The bruise on his eye is still painful but he tries to ignore it. He walks around, scanning for heat signatures, and eventually finds two.
He picks up another bottle.
“I don’t know their name,” Clint responds, smoothing the papers out and handing them over to Steve. “I only know their intent.”
“—Beer isn’t just about getting drunk. There’s a whole
Him having lied to Tony is the ultimate betrayal. It’s the last straw that broke the camel’s back of Tony’s second chances.
part—was it wasn’t even Steve that fixed everything. No. It was Tony.
“But we do,” Steve immediately protests. “You deserve nothing but the truth from me.”
As soon as the phone connects, Tony is demanding, “Steve? Steve, are you okay? What happened? Talk to me, baby.”
, the old music store down the street from Bucky and Steve’s Brooklyn apartment. Tony’s deft hands move with precision, placing a record down with care, and he puts the needle into place.
The soulmark
The movie starts, unassuming and soft, and Toni lets herself get lost in the period fashion and Saoirse Ronan’s eyes. They shine in the sun on the screen, a waterfall of colors cascading within a contained sea.
“Um—I—Well—” Steve stammers. His face is hot.
But Tony doesn’t act like he’s taken with Steve. When Steve hugs him, Tony leans in, tilting his head to the side to let Steve nuzzle his beard into Tony’s throat.
muscles hidden under a beautiful blond coat of fur. Even as the waves of her heat grow stronger, demanding she choose a mate, Toni holds firm. Toni is the Omega Queen, and her instincts for just any knot inside of her can be damned for all she cares. She will choose the Alpha she needs or she won’t choose at all.
Steve grabs another cig. If his hand trembles, no one has to know.
Charlie Spencer. God. He was just a kid.
“Yeah, Tony. I’m sorry. I’m fine. It was just… just memories.”
When they arrive at Stevie’s dorm, Toni shuffles from foot to foot. She knows she isn’t doing anything wrong, but years of denying a fundamental part of herself have left a stain on her.
“Can you check the cheese and meats?”
They have to be. He doesn’t know what he would do if they weren’t.
The King’s eyes lock onto Tony’s. “Do you swear to live your life in service to me? To serve no other King, to serve no other Kingdom?”
Steve feels a relentless energy pulse beneath his skin. “Can you tell me who?”
“I’m here, Steve. That’s what you always wanted, huh? Together.”
Steve misses the 1930s. He misses the 1940s, when, if he felt too cold, he could just fit himself against Bucky’s side, and Bucky would throw one of his massive arms over Steve’s waist, pull him close to his furnace-hot chest, and hold Steve tight.
“Tony, hey, I’m okay. We’re… We’re all okay. Physically, at least.”
“Yeah,” Tony whispers. “Yeah, Steve. You can kiss me.”
The cigarettes in the pack dwindle. His lungs scream, but his brain floats, a false calm overtaking his everything.
Stevie laughs, a smile to the sound, and moves her fingers just so to send Toni careening over the edge. This is the true measure of Toni’s success. Not graduating from MIT at seventeen. Not building a car engine at seven.
“I would have my Iron Knight’s
When he enters, the hall is empty save the King. Even from inside his armor, Tony drops his eyes to the floor, unwilling to look the King in the face.
Tony turns away when he sees Steve reach out for him, trying to get over the disagreement between the two of them, but he can see in Steve’s eyes that he isn’t going to apologize for what he said. He knows Steve feels shame for his words if only for the way that their relationship changes at night.
For anything.
Tony squeezes his eyes together. He thinks of everything that’s happened between them, of the lies and the kisses and the laughter and the tears. Everything that’s happened between them has left an impact on Tony’s life somehow, and he doesn’t want to let something else fail.
, he would hate the cold.
Tony seems to decide that Steve is taking too long to respond, or that his silence means no, because he says, “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have—I’m ruining your birthday. I’m sorry.”
Stark, either.
“If this is true,” the King says, “then I would have my Knight, without his armor, in my bed.”
Even still, he can’t help it. Spending forty-six years encased in a block of ice changes your perspective of what
Steve growls, the sound bursting out of him unbidden, and a wave of pure possessiveness takes hold of everything he is and demands he protect Tony.
“I just—What if he
Steve feels happiness creeping up his back. Her radiant and bubbly attitude is turning out to be infectious.
“You are—so breathtaking, Tony,” Steve whispers.
, Steve. Sometimes they’re all I can think of when I’m listening to Obie drone on and on about the war effort.”
, the broken werewolf that greets her with a nip of his teeth against her hip. Toni falls to her knees, finally, an edge of
And the tulip.
Boyfriends. Together. In
He’s seen the way that Tony’s face lights up whenever Tony talks about him. He’s heard the gossip from SHIELD agents, of how Tony’s boyfriend killed everyone involved in Tony’s kidnapping—including Tony’s parents.
Tony knew this moment was coming.
Tony knows he doesn’t deserve Steve.
James.
Stevie’s body shakes with repressed laughter, but she doesn’t respond. Time passes, and as they end the climax of the movie, Toni comes to the sudden realization that Stevie’s fingertips are skirting the edge of Toni’s jeans. She leans up, just enough to see Stevie’s face, and doesn’t stop herself from glancing down at the pretty pink lip gloss along Stevie’s lips. “Stevie?”
Their relationship is in tatters. Steve openly glares at Tony during meetings. He passes by him in the hallways with quick, measured steps, refusing to meet his gaze. His jaw is locked in anger more often than not, and it continues to build.
! And then you—you—you—you hide this big of a secret from me for our whole relationship? And you think I can just… just forgive you for that? No.
Steve stops, tensing up and shifting to the side so he can meet Tony’s eyes.
way. He has a specific blanket for Steve in front of his fireplace. He designs Steve’s uniform because he doesn’t trust SHIELD to keep Steve safe.
The dirty talk is punctuated with fingers sliding along her clit, then down through her juices and up into her core. Stevie’s thumb brushes around Toni’s clit even as she fucks Toni on her fingers, eliciting what feels like an endless array of broken sobs from Toni’s throat.
“It’s still stigmatized, don’t get me wrong, but it’s… not nearly as bad as it used to be. You can’t be arrested for it anymore, for one. Not in New York.”
Tony takes it with trembling hands, opening it to see a set of beautiful cufflinks. The design is of Steve’s shield, and Tony feels a magma chamber come alive in his stomach at the sheer possessiveness shown by the act.
“Shut up, Tony,” Cap growls. “I can’t take care of you if you don’t stop.”
It crackles with empty air, the way that music doesn’t do today, and Steve could sob at the nostalgia that flies through him as the
“You’re my teammate, Tony,” Cap says, his voice low. “You’re under my command. You’re mine. You shouldn’t have to suffer through your guilt alone.”
The Winter Soldier slips from the shadows and stops in front of him. His eyes are made of the coldest ice, guarded from any and all attacks. Tony wishes he could strike him down. The murderer of his parents.
“You’ll understand, Tony,” Steve says. His eyes scream
“Why didn’t you come to me first?” Steve asks. His tone is hard. Demanding.
“If the Alpha is smart at all, they’ll know I don’t want that.” Toni’s breath hitches as Janet’s fingertip bumps against a particularly sensitive spot. “How long do I have to wait for them?”
“Pepper broke up with me,” Tony says, apropos to nothing. “It was a long time coming.”
“I got you another gift.” There’s a rustle of fabric and then Steve is sliding his other hand around Tony’s waist, holding up a small box. “Open it.”
“Hate me all you want, Tony. It doesn't matter. We both know you belong to me.”
Steve wonders what it means.
What an honor it would be to hear King Anthony make that sound in another situation.
When the arc reactor light dies, Steve leans down, brushing a kiss against Tony’s lips. “We’re meant to be. You’ll see. I promise. Everything will work out. Sometimes you just aren’t ready to hear things, and I wish you hadn’t have found out about your parents like this now, but it’ll be better. We’ll be better. It’s out in the open now. No more secrets.”
Regret passes over Steve’s eyes, too quick to catch, and Tony
“Tony Carbonell. I swear this on my honor.”
Clint waits for him on a smattering of hay, Redwing and Lucky nestled into his shoulders. The birds both turn beady eyes Steve’s way, but Clint whistles and they settle against him without complaint.
The wording strikes something odd to Steve’s senses, and he examines Thor’s eyes in response. A subtle shake of the head is all Steve needs to know—Thor knows something is amiss, but can’t say what.
“I have an inkling that, if you’re stuck in ice for a couple decades, you don’t handle the cold very well.”
You must understand why I couldn’t let him do that. My only regret is how long it took me to find you off the streets.”
Stevie’s face drops, expression twisting into something hard. Serious. “No one is going to tell your dad, Toni. I told you he’d never come near you. Especially not this.”
The air is crisp, the hint of winter at the edge of the breeze, but the atmosphere between Natasha and Tony is light.
Tony’s heart pounds. He hasn’t left Brooklyn’s borders for years. He’s never given his birth name out. There’s no way anyone could know he’s alive.
When he enters, King Anthony is sitting up on his bed, a book in his hands. His head turns to meet Steve’s gaze, and the golden-brown color within his eyes flickers with warmth.
Steve’s birthday is in two days and he’s absolutely dreading it. It’s his second birthday in the future—his second birthday without Bucky—and Steve hates having to live without him.
“I hate you,” Tony says.
When the Avengers hang out at the Mansion, Tony crawls into Steve’s lap like it’s normal, like he’s expected to sit there, like it’s
Steve averts his eyes.
something is wrong, Bucky.”
“Great,” Steve grins. His hand reaches up, and soft fingers—always soft, never calloused, because no matter how much work he does the serum always heals his skin back to baby smooth—drag along his jawline for a moment. The breath in his lungs freezes as Tony looks up to meet Steve’s piercing gaze. “See you soon, Tony.”
His heart aches for Steve.
But then again—Tony thinks he probably died the moment Steve told him he knew of Bucky killing his mom.
way, almost identical to Bucky’s hot chocolate, and Steve lets himself have a moment of grief.
It feels like knowing who Tony is dating isn’t a big deal anymore. Like the fact that
“Oh,” Tony adds, “and cancel all override codes. Only Alpha level can stay. Make sure Nat and Rhodey can’t—can’t see me.”
Steve nips at her neck. At her bonding gland. Is gentle for all of a moment before he bites down, releasing her essence onto the forest floor.
alive for—for
He only has a moment to brace himself before Steve bites out, “I guess you didn’t really learn anything from Ultron after all, huh, Tony?”
President Ellis appoints Lieutenant General Thaddeus “Thunderbolt” Ross to Secretary of State on May third. The same day, Tony goes to MIT for a presentation meant to showcase his newest technological breakthrough, Binarily Augmented Retro-Framing. He hasn’t yet shown it to Steve. He wants to surprise him. He knows how important Bucky is to Steve, and he will do anything for Steve’s happiness.
