The moon beamed on my left, the water reflecting back its light and as far as I could see I found no trace of buildings or roads, just a shimmering basin of water.
I glanced at Molly.  Greg was seated beside her now, holding the plate of food.  He whispered something in her ear and she giggled.
To the rhythm of the music, we climbed the increasingly steep trail, and although I did not know the notes to sing, my feet marked out the beat.
Lady Holmes touched her husband’s shoulder and the silvery drape of her sleeve gleamed. “River could never abide anyone hurting our boys.”  She fixed her eyes on her husband.  “You see, it was well worth giving birth to them in the River, storm or no storm.”
“I said all sorts of nonsense as one does when soothing an animal, and he finally settled onto the water and allowed me to feed him.  I’m not sure what he thought had happened to Alan, but he seemed to consider himself the victor in the encounter.”  She paused and glanced out the doors.  “When I felt he was completely calm…”  Her hand made a stroking motion through the air. “…and still talking to him, I managed to row the boat under the bridge, shipped the oars and offered the swan more bread.  Alan managed to slip out of the boat and jog down the path.  I tied the mooring rope to the end of the fence and got out a couple minutes later, hurried up the stairs to the bridge and left Alan to reclaim the boat when it seemed safe.  I got back here as quickly as I could, and came out onto the balcony.  The swan was swimming near the other side of the canal, his wings up, but he didn’t come to me when I called, just kept swimming back and forth across the water.”
She put the bit of paper near my plate and poured some milk in her cup.  “Chalfont Court wasn't built until 1913.”
In the manner he had taught me, I set mine in his.  His fingers closed around it and he brought me near again.  “Think of the steps like a melody that is playing when we are together.  Feel which way I move and come after me.”  He clasped my hand more firmly and I felt the rings on his fingers.  “It’s a spell for two.  We need to survive the other dances…
Sherlock stood tall as though he was gathering himself in and raised the edge of his cloak until it covered his face.  The jewels on it flashed, tiny white sparks burning through the dark cloth.
He stood at that and gathered up a stack of what looked to be receipts.  “Some of our investigations will have to wait for the morning,” he said.  “Shall we repair to our room?”
“I always knew that,” Sherlock said, throwing me his phone and sitting down in front of his laptop.  “Passenger lists, John.”
“'Your son asks you not to worry about him.  His end came sooner than he had hoped, but it was swift, and now he captains his own ship on gentle seas before a fair wind.'  Also, he found the first mate, his tabby and Merlin waiting on board for him and hopes their kittens are catching every rodent within a mile of the cottage at Rose End.  She smiled at the Morrows.  'He sends his love and says he looks forward to the day you board his ship, but hopes it isn’t for a long while yet.'”
The moon blade was in my left hand.  I hadn’t let go of it.  I raised it high and it caught all the colours of the sparks encircling us, drew them into its pearly depths.  I stared at the patterns they made.  The blade was so beautiful and Sherlock had made it for me.
“I’m staying,” I said.  I doubted anything he was going to tell me would deter me:  reanimated corpses in the attic, vampires in the basement, werewolves in the back garden, if there was one, a back garden, that is.  I’d defend them, too, or treat them for the flu, if that was what he required.  I looked up then and he smiled at me.
The figure was closer.  There were dark brows over the silvery eyes, gloves over the hands at the end of the outstretched arms.  The man was at the edge of the roof.  He looked straight at John, leaned forward and fell.
“Right,” I murmured and watched our delegation join the others wending their way towards the huge oak.
I looked up at Sherlock.  He shrugged and leaned down.  “He still doesn’t know about the other extra bits,” he whispered in my ear.
I surveyed the clearing.  At its centre, a fire burned.  In it, a huge pot rested on a triangle of small logs.  The bird - cap - whatever manner of creature it was, hovered high above the vessel, letting its cargo of berries drop, little by little, into the pot.  Several people were tending it. One stirring, others adding things, but I wasn't close enough to see what.  Someone else was breaking branches and adding them to the fire.
She did shine a little brighter when she looked up at Sherlock, but the roses bloomed in her cheeks when she looked at Greg.
I did take the deep breath though and continued to scan the façade:  stone at ground level, brick above, wrought iron balconies running along the first floor.  An ordinary house in an ordinary terrace of houses.
“That’s interesting,” he said and I saw that the small chains were horizontal to the floor, like so many compass needles pointing north.  He moved his hand above mine and the chains fell straight down.
He passed his hand over the wall again and a few more pieces fell and he gathered them.  “A mark of favour, John,” he said, adding them to the collection in my palm and stroking my fingers as he took his hand away.
The next hit broke the board in two.  It fell away and I saw there was another plank behind it.  He took up a black knife and held it in his palm as though checking its weight.
An orange spark twinkled above Kit’s head.  He was waving a hand about.  Fanning it, perhaps.  I smiled.  Wiggins had let him do the honours.
She stroked down what was left of his tattered sleeve.  “I’m sorry, Sherlock.  There was so much we didn’t see.  That we didn’t protect you from.”
"Yes," Sherlock replied.  He had remained standing and was plying the spear hook with balletic grace on one side of the boat and then the other.
I’d almost forgotten the weight on my shoulder, forgotten why I'd brought it with me.  My grip tightened on the willow.  “I’ve become rather accustomed to it.”
“With pleasure,” Sherlock replied, “something on the dark side of the moon must need your attention urgently.”
I went and sat, albeit with lingering misgivings.  Seated, the dog was nearly as tall as I was.  Mrs Hudson added a plate of small cakes to the tea on the side table by my chair.  The dog eyed them, nose twitching, and I wondered if it…he…would lunge at the food.
Sherlock had turned with alarm from his inspection of some reeds growing by the water and fell to inspecting my foot and the shoe he had yanked off of it.
I stared up at him, waiting to hear what more he would say.  His face looked less tense than it had been.
It was such an incredible feeling and I already felt marvellous.  I closed my eyes to savour it until he took his mouth away.  He kissed the base of my thumb.
Somewhere in the dark, hyacinths bloomed.  I took a deep breath.  I had not seen or smelled them in the day, but the rooftop was a maze around the courtyards and skylights.  There were few straight lines of sight and doubtless many nooks that we had not needed to cross to reach the conservatories.
Before the open window, Sherlock was a silhouette.  A long, lithe silhouette, holding a book and swaying slightly.  My eyes lingered on the gentle rhythm of his hips.
“Lestrade consults me on a fairly regular basis.  It’s best for you to meet him immediately and see what my work with him entails,” he continued.
I looked over my shoulder and saw a line brightening under his other hand.  I twisted around until my back was against his chest and watched the pattern change as his lines began to glow and our colours merged where they crossed.
John glanced towards the kitchen door and back to Mrs Hudson.  “I thought you were feeding a stray cat,” John said.
I reached back to turn the lamp on again.   My fingers dipped into hot wax instead.  I hissed and raised them to my mouth, cooled them against my tongue.  The glow of the extinguished wick faded to a pinpoint and disappeared.  I rubbed my fingers together.  The cold wax crumbled and fell.
As large as Mrs Hudson had described the house as being, I thought it must be confining for such a big animal.  To my chagrin, no sooner had I had the thought than I expressed it.
I did not look back to see where, focussing instead on the centre of the door where the iron hinges did not reach.  I wished to show him, give him further proof that he had not erred in retaining me, that it would not be a mistake to give me more.   My arm was steady as I sighted between the feathers.
The butterfly opened and closed them, turned slightly to the left, then the right.  Their blue gained a greenish cast with a hint of gold.
He leaned forward in his seat, his fingers leaving their fidgeting and unfurling near his heart as though to signify that he was opening it to me.  “Each night, I wrote,” he said, “especially when I could not sleep.”  He inclined his head and slipped one long-fingered hand inside his jacket.  “I have a notebook I keep with me,” he explained, drawing out the item.  “It was still in my pocket when I dressed so hastily that frightful night.”  He held it out to me.
I looked from hand to paper.  I couldn’t have drawn it any better if it had been in front of me.  I wasn’t surprised by this, but was rather proud.  Sherlock isn’t the only one who enjoys being right about his predictions and successful at what he sets out to do.
“I doubt she’s realised how much you can read into the most ordinary things,” John said, following, albeit a bit less nimbly.  “After she rang off, I went back to the bridge, to check on Suspect No. 2.”
It startled me.  Even now, we don’t use our forenames in the sitting room very often.  Its use then didn’t lessen the increasing warmth of the room nor the thumping of my heart, but it guaranteed that I would reveal all he wanted to know, impending ridicule or no.
He used the last pin and stood back to survey his handiwork.  He had managed to get the cloth to hang straight all the way around.  It did not look as though it had been pinned up in a few minutes.
One of the double doors facing me was obligingly ajar, letting in a narrow bar of bluish light that revealed the deep reds of the Persian carpets which muffled my steps.  I moved closer and opened the door wider.  A profane exclamation escaped me.  Before me was a laboratory, not quite as well-equipped as the labs I had toured a couple days previously at Bart’s, but damned close.  On the centre table a fine microscope took pride of place.  Beside it was a box of slides, two stands of stoppered test tubes and an open notebook.
“Last night,” I replied and I could see them again.  I had moved close enough to put my hand on his shoulder as he played, to rub along the heavy wool and over the astrakhan collar.  His hair had grown long; strands of it were entwined with the curls of the fleece.  I had stood there, my hand wandering over them to the rise and fall of his notes.
I watched him stride from post to post as though they were so many stones in a brook and then jump down to the shore.  He turned and waved me on before setting off at a run.
I took note of the three, wide straps circling the container.  Sherlock was not underestimating the danger of the thing.  I collected the swords, the crossbow and quiver and thus laden followed him into the main room of the mortuary.
“No!” He shouted, striding back through the door. He took a deep breath when he stood before me again and regarded me from beneath lowered brows. “We have begun,” he said quietly.
“You’ve taken some liberties with the lyrics, but I doubt the poet would mind,” Sherlock said, stretching.
Near the bank, a small fish jumped. A heron struck, held the fish in its beak above the water for an instant, then raised his head and swallowed.
My shoulders slumped.  I reached for my cane.  It was not to hand and I realised that I did not know where it was.  I grabbed the railing instead.
The chamber was rectangular, with the table ledge running along most of the wall opposite, matched by the lower ledge on which I sat, which was cut in half by the door to the hall.  Both the table and the benches ended short of the large fireplaces that filled the narrow walls.
A clear spring sky arched above the huge, cobbled courtyard where we stood.  I glanced over my shoulder.  The door behind us was a massive oak, iron-studded exterior door rather than the glass-panelled interior door we had opened.  Greyish blocks of stone, that might once have been white, rose to a height of several storeys on all sides of us, each wall interspersed with diamond-paned mullioned windows, open to the mild air on the upper floors.  The fountain we had left behind us, splashed a few paces in front of us.  Two fine black stallions, their wings folded neatly at their sides, drank avidly from its basin.  Well beyond the fountain, the two-storey high arch of the gate yawned.  The spikes of its portcullis looming above the head of the carter who was guiding a wagon laden with casks through the archway.  One of the stallions looked up and whinnied at the cart horses.
The forest was dense on this side of the water, the trunks of the trees massive, their roots reaching across the spaces between them.  John’s pace slowed even further.  There were brambles in the undergrowth.  They scored his legs.  He tore his hand trying to push them away, tasted raspberry juice as well as blood when he sucked on the cut between his thumb and forefinger.
“No,” Mycroft said, “he gave the key to Father and told him it would open a pretty little box in which something had been locked away that would be of great interest to him.”
In fairness, he had been up all night experimenting right before the client contacted us, so he was more sleep deprived than I was.  In fact, I wasn’t sleep deprived at all when we took the case.  That’s why he is asleep and I’m not.  Eight, nine hours was all I needed to get sorted.  I’m rested.  I’m showered and shaved and dressed.  I’m well fed, breakfast and lunch, the latter with Mrs Hudson before she went out.  I’m informed.  I’ve read the papers, checked the news online.  I can’t be bothered with the telly.  Without the simultaneous commentary to which I have become accustomed, it is tedious.  The commentator is asleep.
“We do,” he said and held up a key.  “For you, so that you may come and go as you please.”  He reached for my hand, placed the key in it and closed my fingers over it.
Sherlock slipped his arm through John’s and tugged him away from the railing.  “Something is not as it seems.  We need to find proof, one way or another.”
One by one, he caught the falling knives, looking at me when he had them all clenched in his hand.  “I probably should have mentioned this possibility, but my parents haven’t been in touch for years.  That suited me.”
“As far as he knew, it was,” Sherlock said, stepping closer and lowering his voice.  “He’s never sampled your blood.”
“Oh, yes,” I said.  Melancholic music might not be my preference, but listening to Holmes play any piece was something I considered a privilege.  “Long trek down to London to bury their dead.”
The tambourine player arrived with a jangle.  He had garters of bells below his knees and above his elbows and naught else I could see.  He thumped his drum near the women’s heads.
The drag on my muscles lessened.  There were footsteps on the stairs.  Sherlock rose enough to get an elbow on the edge of the frame, then a foot on the other side.  He pushed back against me, got his arse over the edge and onto the floor.
John bared more of his skin.  Sherlock stretched his wings and his legs, dragged his swollen abdomen over the edge of the palm and onto the wrist, stung directly into the pale blue vein waiting for him.  He was loath to withdraw, but the soft slope of John’s forearm beckoned.
Reaching across the table, she plucked a scrap of newspaper from my hair. “They must have brought that box from some other house,” she said, staring at it.
Sherlock put a hand on my shoulder as Chapalu stepped into the torchlight, a huge, grey wolf clamped in her jaws.  She dropped the limp body at Sherlock’s feet and disappeared back under the trees.  A moment later another lifeless form was dropped on top of the first.  She sat up beside her kill.
Greg snorted.  “No offense, but how’s John supposed to pull that off?  Pretend to draw and not let anyone look?”
He smiled.  “Well, you were nearer the eastern corner, so the perspective wasn’t advantageous…”  He plucked the end of a rose cane that had snagged the sleeve of his shirt and ran its thorns along his forefinger.  Dark drops of blood bloomed on his skin.  He wiped them onto the bark and the cane curled away.
It was a silent three miles to Baker Street.  From time to time, I checked the side of the hansom where Holmes lounged, staring out the window.  After giving the driver our address, he had said not a word, although his hand had sometimes risen slightly from its resting place upon his thigh, fingers swaying back and forth as though he were conducting music.
I peered over the top of my computer.  Sherlock was stretched out on the sofa, a medical journal of mine balanced on his chest.  He had been reading for hours from several stacks of books and journals he had ranged nearby.  He had not told me what he was researching or that we had a new case, but he had not become restless in the quiet of the evening.
It flew at a sharp angle and disappeared over the top, not even the torn end of it showing over the edge.
I inhaled; it pushed us closer.  Soft skin brushed the curve of my back.  My next breath was deeper.
“The key to the box under there,” I replied, pointing to a tented page of newspaper on the seat of the chair.
"Oh, right," I said and half stood to see what I might have.  "Three tuppence and four pennies," I announced.
“I’m fairly sure it was only a body that I was trying to bring back, but I don’t know,” he said, his hands gliding down my back, over my buttocks and back up again, growing less cold with each pass.
Corvus looked down at his lap wherein his hands were clasped so tightly the knuckles had gone white.
“My parents ran out of the house.  The driver stumbled out of his car, trying to apologise, but my father had no time for his slurred remorse.  He eased a flattened box under Redbeard and carried him to our car and we drove him to the vet.  I sat in the backseat with Redbeard, stroking his head and telling him again and again it would be all right, but it wasn’t.  The vet said the bones in his leg were shattered and he probably wouldn’t survive an operation to amputate it and considering his age, the kindest thing would be to put him to sleep.
“Where is your self-preservation?” I muttered, running towards them.  Low growls and an occasional yip filled the air, but neither animal seemed to have injured the other enough to warrant a yowl of pain.
Against the back of my eyelids, the darkness turned red.  It faded.  I inhaled the scent of the sea, heard the pattering of pebbles sliding down a sloping bank, tumbling onto the foreshore.  Consciousness dawned.  I rolled away, curled around the dark throb of sensation at my centre and sunk below the horizon.
“I’ll get a table from the sitting room,” I said.  He had already moved the chair from next the wardrobe to the foot of the bed.  I wasn’t sure that was the perspective I wanted to start with.  “Need anything?”
“Let’s take a rest here,” Sherlock said loudly and pulled me closer to the tree.  “Would a bow have helped with this?” he asked, “a dagger?”  He eased the willow from my hands.  “Sit,” he murmured and lowered the willow to the ground near my feet.
I heard a faint click.  I turned with a smile to find Wiggins standing near the hall door, a number of garments draped over his arm and a large serving tray in his hands wafting the smell of breakfast towards me.  My smile disappeared.  He stood still, as he so often does.  He gets a lot done, but I rarely catch him at it.  He regarded me unabashedly.
Wings unfurled, gleaming in the moonlight.  The creature swooped low across the water, up the bank on the other side, and landed under the trees, wings folding against its sides.
I was still rubbing away at the waxy coating on the box when he darted past me a few minutes later.  “I’ll be awhile,” he called from the landing.  “She insists that I can’t bring it home with me,” he added from the foot of the stairs.  The front door slammed behind him.
His father stepped closer and put his arm around Sherlock’s shoulder.  “Your skill has grown since last I watched you.  Never would I have believed Magnus could be lured into the river.  He always appeared impervious to magic.  So many have tried.”  He shook his head.  “I tried.”
John’s eyes flew open.  His grip tightened on his mug.  He sat up, eyes shifting from side to side checking that he was indeed still in the sitting room, although the sun had risen.
“No,” she repeated in a quieter tone, already at John’s side.  “Don’t go out.  He might attack if he sees you and hurt himself on the railings.”
In truth, I had been entertaining some notion of being polite to Mike Stamford by following up on his suggestion.  He’d seemed so happy to see me, so pleased at the idea that he might be able to help me out.
“Yeah, but things didn’t start going totally nuts until this ball lark got started.”  I took a bowl of fruit and speared a piece of pineapple and held it out to Sherlock.
Sherlock dropped something into a sack; from the looks of it, another item that had been appropriated to our purpose. He was crouched in the bottom of the skiff, leaning over the rowing bench.  He hunched lower, gripping the edge of the bench with the hand holding the sack and peering intently into the shadows.
“Now and then.”  She lifted the lid of the teapot and a new fragrance joined the scent of pine and juniper that suffused the room.  Gently, she replaced the lid.  “My grandmother did.  Often.  In the middle of basting meat on the spit, she’d go still, butter dripping off the brush, and one of the children would run to get Doctor Hooper.  He could see and interpret, too.  The two gifts don’t always come together.”
What had brought on this change in activity, I did not know.  I pushed back my chair and secured the harp from my room with all due speed.
His eyes flashed over me, lingering a little below the waist.  “You’ve had the invitation, I see.  And a fitting.  What do you think?”
I stood.  “You wrote that alone, by a campfire.  Your companions had gone to sleep in their tent.  How many were there?” I asked, as if that was the urgent question.
It was warm inside the crowd.  The flow of people wending their way in and out of it was like a dance.
I knelt before the hearth, balancing log against log until I had a pyramid of birch. Tendrils of smoke rose from the ashes remaining from our earlier blaze.  I hummed as I tucked scraps of bark and broken twigs between the logs until low flames licked the papery bark.  I stood then, leaning against the garlanded mantlepiece, watching the bark curl away as the flames danced.
“I was so annoyed I didn’t know how to adjust the camera focus manually,” John explained.  “I was sure the auto-focus was malfunctioning.”
The kettle clicked off.  “I was thinking along those lines.”  She dropped a tea bag in my mug, set two cups on the table and began pouring boiling water in them.  “As it turns out, one of Mrs Turner’s collection of scrapbooks had some photos of the construction of Chalfont Court and there had been an old terrace there that had to be knocked down first.  So, there’s an answer to your first question, John.  But could there have been things left undisturbed in its old vaults during the new construction?  I suppose, but it doesn’t seem very likely.  However, the story of the mystery carton and its old newspapers intrigued her, so she’s going to do some more research.  In any event, it gives her an excuse to go through the family memorabilia.”  Her eyes darted to me.  “I didn’t go into the tale of the cards though.”
My hand did not reach the door jamb.  It clutched at the air.  My toe caught on the raised edge of a stone, my head tilted back.  The cloud-shrouded moon seemed remarkably close.
Wiggins was making holes in the ground with the pointed end of a stave I had not noticed him having.  He wedged his torch in the hole and made another for Bert’s torch.
My head tipped back as my eyes travelled up the trunk to the sky blazing with stars above it.  I hadn’t seen stars like that since the mountains of Afghanistan.
I smiled at the please, extracted two from the box and stepped closer to hand them over.  “Not everyone has the world’s only consulting detective to help them find the facts,” I pointed out and got two more of the jet-tipped pins ready.  I glanced back at the side of the monument next to me.  “Ooh,” I uttered on a long exhalation.  I picked up the cloth and saw more.  “Five before Roderick and Madeline, one a year after.  Their parents must have been in mourning for most of their marriage.”
Seasonal injuries healed, I proceeded on to my room where I found my harp by the bed where I expected it to be.
I had nearly reached him when he began to softly sing a tune I knew well and faded into a patch of shadow.  Past where he had been I could see further along the bank to where a stout stone tower rose from the corner of a stone platform.  Firelight illuminated the base of the tower.  I whistled as quietly as I could and hoped that I, too, could no longer be seen because two figures with torches rounded the tower and sauntered to the edge of the platform to scan the shoreline.  The sound of the water made it difficult to be certain, but I thought they might be conversing.
My brows went up and I turned to meet his eyes, wishing I knew how exactly she communicated and if I’d ever be able to understand.  “That’s kind of her.”
Reversing the order was not easy for me, but at a distinctly more stately pace, I managed it three times.  I heard a click and shifted my eyes to the side.  The wall was smoothly closed.
“Their pallid imaginations do so yearn after us,” Sherlock said, walking to the tip of a leaf.  “And with all that desire gathered in one place, I thought they deserved a glimpse of the real thing.  Don’t you?”  He waved at the stem.  It snapped and he drifted upon it to the next branch.
John pulled Sherlock’s leg closer, rubbed the arch of his foot over the calf.  “I heard a helicopter.”
I set the harp aside and took the cup of tea she held out to me.  “Oh, those aren't for decoration; I’m going to use them in a recipe.”
I tapped the drawing of a heart gripped by a skeletal hand with the tip of my biro.  “It should have been a brain between the fingers.”  I glanced around.  Nearly everyone had left the room.
His approach was more direct, but would not be an easy one for me to use alone as Mr Holmes had had to stretch onto his toes to press a brass point at the tip of the longest sunbeam carved into a scene of a sun setting behind wooded hills.  His route would provide a more scenic view, he had said.
John grinned, locked his legs behind Sherlock’s back and rolled them onto their sides.  “First one way,” he said, pressing their cocks together and nipping at the plump bottom lip he loved so well.  “And then the other.”
My arm flew out to the side, over the top of the cushions, fingers scrabbling at the wall.  I felt a need to hang on.
“Blood on the harpoon and a few brittle hairs on my coat,” he said, “I put them in the freezer and I disinfected that,” he said, brushing his fingertips across my hand, which was still at his cheek.  He tugged at the covers and slipped his legs underneath them.
I stared from her across the room to the window of the dancing woman with the long, brown hair and tambourine.  That window, too, was open, freshening the air with Spring’s mild air, but I didn’t need to see the stained glass now to recall its details.
I am never content with the words.  They’re just noise about nothing.  I think Shakespeare said something along the same lines.  And I'm not convinced that exposing my feelings to strangers is going to banish my nightmares or make my sterile bedsit cosy and comforting.  I have debates with myself about this and in my quasi-literary musings, I have found that I have a fondness for alliteration.  It does help me not think of other things.
Holmes poured a glass of port for each of us, handed me one and settled into his chair, long legs stretched out before him.
A floor lamp like a harvest moon lit up and the function of the room was confirmed.  Mr Holmes was turned away from me searching in one of the many glass-fronted cupboards that stood between the windows.  On their shelves, more instruments sat, their metal and wood gleaming.
I pressed down harder on the flat, metal strip along the top of the lid.  The wax was thickest there.  The cotton wool kept snagging on something beneath it, but I kept at it, slowly and carefully, and bit by bit a row of symbols along the top of the lid became visible.
“You knew when you first looked at her.  You were interested and decided to take her case, even if you didn’t tell her right away,” John said, eyes fixed on Sherlock's.
I focussed on his words.  It was past the time for the morning post and well before the afternoon delivery was due, but Holmes could hear things almost no one else could.  Perhaps there would be a knock on the door presently.
The gold wire grew hot for an instant in Puck’s ear.  He nodded at Mycroft and refrained from pinching the edge of his ear lobe to relieve the pain.
Free association is an interesting thing, but I pushed it aside and focussed on medical considerations.  Having only met him and Mrs Hudson, I did not think health care would take up much of my time, although either of them might be suffering from conditions that were not obvious and there were the signs of osteoarthritis I had already noted in Mrs Hudson’s hand.  I would need to review their medical histories and run some tests of my own, but filling the time when I wasn’t needed as a physician by assisting Mr Holmes with research or experimentation had a strong appeal.
The sound of chairs scraping over wood echoed down the stairwell and I realised that they had probably been waiting for us to cross the gallery before they mounted the stairs.  I had not seen anyone in the music room, but they could have been in the passage that ran parallel to the music room.  I still had never gone down it, no matter how invitingly the door to it always seemed to be ajar when I passed.
A minute after that, Mycroft came into view and joined Sherlock.  It may have been a trick of the light because they were mostly in the shadows, but I thought I saw Sherlock smile.
His skin was washed in moonlight, the shadows dark beneath his brows and in the hollows of his cheeks.  He put the moon to shame.
Possibly the insect lowered its head.  John was not close enough to see.  He moved nearer, reached for the instrument.
John hesitated at the threshold, picturing Sherlock analysing the dismal weeks he’d passed in his bedsit as clearly as if the walls were covered with murals depicting them.
I reached out for my dish.  “No, please.  I’d like to finish it.  It was such a strong image,” I said.  “It quite took me away again to remember it.”
He let go of my hand, strode to the edge of the circle, stooped then stood up straight with his hand raised above his head.  It looked like what he does with police tape around a crime scene for me to walk under.
“No, no, just him and he can’t even stay the night, has to catch the evening train for Edinburgh.  He’s got an exhibition,” she announced.  “I’m going to pack these up so he can take them along.  Some of his friends are meeting him there.”
A broad hand cradled his head, a tongue entered his mouth.  When it withdrew, lips moved across his cheek, below his ear and onto his neck.  And then there was a voice, like the lowest note of his clarinet.
“I’ve been making a new batch of Joy for Mrs Hudson.  It’s her favourite perfume and it isn’t made anymore.”
A moment later, the door opened a little.  Ms Swann reached out and stroked the swan’s neck.  He stretched his neck up until his head could curl about her neck.  The door opened wider.  The swan walked inside.
As he strode along the path, John scanned the grass between the trees for the tall form, never for a minute thinking Sherlock would be on a path unless it happened to be part of the straightest line between where he was and where he wanted to be.  John didn’t spot him at first.  He was looking too high above the ground.  Sherlock was bent over.  Examining something, John presumed.  He corrected his course and marched through the long grass.
John jotted a few words in the notebook.  He recognised the wistfulness in her voice.  That was how he felt when he got back to Baker Street and Sherlock was out.
Mrs Hudson patted my arm.  “Sit, dear,” she urged softly.  “Baskerville’s a good boy.  He just gets all excited when Sherlock comes home.”
We meandered along.  I named the birds we heard or saw as best I could:  ducks, geese, grebes, coots and two regal, jet black swans on the water; robins, doves, magpies, crows, finches, sparrows and tits among the trees.
I watched as it circled until Sherlock blocked my view of its progress then again as it appeared on the other side of him.  It was swimming slowly and I hoped the loss of blood was incapacitating it.  As if it heard my thoughts, the foamy circle formed more quickly, but further from the boat on its second lap.  Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Sherlock turn to look over his shoulder at it.
He stepped into the room just as my eyes reached him, coat swinging about him, taking off his gloves.  In all this time, he hadn’t taken them off?  Or had he put them back on as he came up the stairs to remove them again in front of me, because he has had irrefutable proof that I admire his long, graceful hands?  I watched him do it anyway.  I did not care if it was staged.  The effect was always entrancing.
I slipped the button at his waist out of its button hole.  “I’ll act out what I saw…” I stroked the small vee of skin revealed, before undoing the button below it.  “…and you’ll tell me if I do anything different from what you saw happen on those cards,” I said.
I held my hand steady and thought of bonfires roaring towards November skies, flames darting between orange, glowing branches spewing sparks as they cracked and surrendered, beckoning me to join them in the white gold heart of the blaze.  I had always wanted to step forwards, but had always stepped back, destined to watch from a safer distance as autumn air cooled my scorched cheeks and leeched the warmth from my bones.
Wiggins shook a box, slid it opened, then snapped it shut.  He looked towards me, but above my head.
I placed the matching tart from my plate into my mouth, to excuse my dumbstruck condition.  Then I understood why she had closed her eyes.
Instead, I saw it.  I stopped and turned, my eyes growing wide, wondering how I could have missed it earlier.  My arm slipped from Sherlock’s and I lunged back, swivelling around people as I went.
He licked me.  “Your finger’s not cut,” he said and bent his head back to get a look at me.  “How did you cut your lip?”
We would drink then from his flask and I would catch my breath while Sherlock studied the other dancers in the mirrors and smiled distantly to the greetings that were bestowed on him and after brief glances of curiosity, on me.
We were inside the heavens a moment later shining our phones into shadowy corners.  “Wouldn’t a roach have preferred something underground?” I asked.
I heard giggles from the aforementioned ladies and considered what I might do to require Sherlock to have urgent need of his little bottle.  It might have shown on my face.
Sherlock half smiled, another cutting edge to John and another name.  Perhaps he should find out all his names.
The music diminished to a hum.  A soloist sang, high and plaintive.  A chorus answered her, low and fierce.
We descended via a third route that led to a small corridor outside the kitchen.  I checked on Mrs Turner, who was perusing a very thick, very old book of what appeared to be hand-written recipes and managed to escape the kitchen without being fed anything else.  I did take a cup of coffee with me though.
His eyes skated over the photographs in the open journal then lingered on the bottom corner of the picture.  “Experimental procedure?” he asked.
Sherlock had been wearing the same scent for the past few days.  For the longer days and brightening skies, he’d said.
John stroked faster.  “One of us did,” he said, the fingers of his other hand digging into the side of Sherlock’s thigh.
The room stretched away from us, empty and dim, curtains drawn, laboratory doors shut tight.  The glow of the banked ashes in the hearth lit the hearthstone, the evergreen boughs on the mantle above and little else.  The flames of two candles were all that illuminated the rest.  One, upon the coffee table, was ringed with sprays of juniper, dark with berries.
Baskerville galloped in, lead hanging from his mouth.  He dropped it on the bed, sat up, resting his huge head on the covers.  He tail thumped against the rug.
Seemingly oblivious to the struggle on the floor, the dancers to either side of me took my hands for a series of sliding steps clockwise.  Grateful for the guidance of our linked hands, I moved with them, keeping a lookout for further annelids as I went.
“That certainly, but I can think of at least one other,” Sherlock amended as he took his hand away and retrieved the plate of toast and set it on John’s chest.
“Go ahead,” she said.  “Bring them out, but take your plants out first.  They’re only partly dried, but I think they’ll be more potent as they are.”
“My husband, Frank,” she replied, her eyes fixed on the card, which she’d stopped waving about and had cupped in the palm of her hand.  “He was so beautiful on the outside.”  With her forefinger she stroked the image on the card.  “It took me far too many years to realise he wasn’t nearly so beautiful on the inside.”
It is a strong hand.  I have seen metal bent.   How easy it would be for it to close too tightly around a heart.  Also, messy.
We had paused, three-quarters of the way up the spiral staircase leading to the music room gallery, and looked out through a grating in the wall into the fencing…the ball room.  The hall of my vision lay before us.
The man screamed before John’s elbow dug into his abdomen.  He fell back smacking at his clothes.  A syringe dropped from his hand.
He was already seated in the skiff, which bobbed in a few centimetres of water next to a stub of a post protruding from the shingle before the grassy slope leading up to the walkway in front of what had been Traitor's Gate.
Sherlock turned to his father, covered the hand on his shoulder.  “I don’t think it was magic that blinded him.”  His eyes slid towards me.
“Well, I was raving, wasn’t I?  About my dog being my best friend and ascribing all sorts of human traits to him as though I really believed he was a boy.  Oh, there was a psychologist, and then a psychiatrist, but by the time I saw him I realised I had to play their game and admit that I didn’t
After a couple minutes in the gloom of the stairwell, I was dazzled.  The colours were more vivid and the room brighter than I thought possible with candlelight.
He leaned further over me, rested his hand, palm up, on the table by the top of the drawing.  It pressed his abdomen against my shoulder.  His sheet slipped.  There was a warm, sleepy smell about him.  I inhaled.
Mrs Hudson beamed.  “Mrs Turner will be so pleased.  She’s been wanting to show off her crêpes for you…but a good fry-up first, I think,” she said, tapping a finger against her cheek and considering me.
“We shall not have to worry about locating the chambers of Mr Braithewaite, since he will be joining us at the abbey to pay his respects.  The Dr Adamantine who is allotted the modest bequest in Roderick’s will is the family physician you saw at Usher?” Holmes said when I finished reading.
“Yes,” he said, the tone of his voice deeper.  “It’s like that, only there will be others watching and we’ll be vertical the whole time.”
My head fell back as the sensations radiated out from where we were joined.  Slowly he rose and slowly he fell again, slowly, slowly.  I craned my neck to see the space between us disappear.  I wanted to watch it re-appear and be obliterated over and over, but I couldn’t keep my head raised.
“Besides, I thought you’d enjoy hearing the results of the experiments with coal-tar derivatives and vine blight on which I spent several months last winter.”
She nodded.  “These tarts are traditionally on the menu for this evening,” she said, waving another tart about as she spoke.
My eyes flickered towards Holmes.  He is not keen to repeat himself and he had as much as said that we had.  Instead of impatience, however, I saw that Holmes was profoundly still.  It was for me, then, to begin; Holmes wished to observe.
“Not by the pond, but here…”  She gestured towards the windows.  “…I saw him walking along the towpath on the other side, east towards the bridge and then back, but never far beyond here to the west.”
He shifted up onto my chest and curled his hand around the back of my neck.  “I can do better than that,” he said.
In a grove of trees, shadows moved, whispering and laughing.  Against one tree a tall, pale figure leaned.  He glanced at me, his eyes gleaming with a light of their own.  I reached for him, but I was too far away to touch.  Behind him, a taller figure coalesced from the gloom, glittering of eye, broad of shoulder and cloven of hoof.  He closed his arms around my tall, pale beauty and turned him to face the tree.
“Very good.”  He looked up at Sherlock.  “You’ve done very well,” he repeated, swinging the hand holding his mask to the side and waving it up and down as though marking the metre of what he said.
In one fluid movement, Sherlock landed the oars inside the skiff to either side of me and threw a loop of rope above my head and out over the water.  Hand over hand, he drew most of the rope back in and the boat thumped along what I guessed was a pier.  I twisted round to look at it.  Our mooring line was holding us close to one in a double row of tree trunks extending back to the shore and up the bank.
A long-fingered hand closed about my arm and pulled me down.  I saw him bite his lip.  Oh, how I wanted to kiss it.  He kissed the cut in my chest instead.
Sherlock swallowed.  “It was at the kerb awaiting rubbish collection.  A vault under the pavement was almost certainly its previous resting place since few houses in this area have cellars and you’re quite right about an underground location being necessary to produce that odour.”  He took another bite of the apple.
“Are you a pathologist?” I asked.  All those years of multitasking under stressful conditions were paying off.
“I am sure you would be able to deal with it,” Sherlock said.  “You will be pleased to know that your medical kit is in the bottom of the satchel, complete with a new bottle of sal volatile.”  And with that, he was gone.
“It was despair, John,” Sherlock whispered in my ear.  “He must have fed the leeches on his dying victims’ blood, storing up their despair to use on people whom he couldn’t bring to feel it in any other way.”
I might have been assenting to a dash behind enemy lines or a charge up a bramble-filled hill in the altogether.
The room grew dim and the wind picked up.  I switched on the light in the corner and closed the sitting room and kitchen windows, made myself a cup of tea whilst I was at it and grabbed one of Sherlock's spare magnifying glasses from the table.
My fingers twitched by my side.  How they wanted to glide along that pale skin, dig into those firm muscles.
He snatched up our clothing and, keeping a hand on one of my elbows, led me to the panel that opened into the passageway.
For an instant, I was released, then he opened his eyes and caught me again.  I leaned towards him, considered stretching out on top of him and staring down into those mesmerising eyes.
“I’m in pieces,” Sherlock said as I walked in the door.  “Mainly extremities.”  He was seated at the desk, leafing through my art folder.  It had been upstairs, propped against my wardrobe.
“Maybe not your leg,” John murmured, mouthing the taut skin beneath Sherlock’s ear.  His hand slipped down to Sherlock’s hip.  “Although I happen to know that your leg is tasty, too.”
He turned to the bed, which was rather a mess.  His eyes flicked over it.  I didn’t want to think what he could glean from it.  He smoothed out a portion of coverlet and set the clothes out.
But it wasn’t an answer.  I reached out with a finger and touched the top of the pile.  It was warm.
I set my wine glass aside and hoped that he would name something I could in good conscience do, because I wanted very much to successfully complete that probation.
Twice Mr Braithewaite attempted conversation, first, to express his hope that the evening traffic would not impede our progress to his office near St Paul’s and when that garnered no replies, he said he was glad that the rain had held off and hoped that it would continue to do so until we were all safely home.  I gave him a nod each time, but as no one else made any sort of response, he turned his genial face towards the river.
The torc slithered over my collarbone.  My hand flew up to it.  There was a small hiss.  “Ah.  So what does this do?”
Simple was good.  Daily lessons with Mrs Hudson and an hour or so of practice in the music room or up on the roof had brought back most of the rudimentary skills I had once possessed for making a pleasant sound on the strings of a harp, but it would take much more time for me to be able to tackle anything more than a simple tune.
I panted until it withdrew.  The puncture wounds bled slowly. The dragon licked up the droplets and resumed biting its comrade.  My wounds closed.
“Astronomical, I should think.  The resemblance is extraordinary.” I watched his eyes rove over the image.  I held up the magnifying glass.
“Wow,” John said, looking for somewhere to set the bag.  “What’s the occasion?”  He opted for a chair.
I wrote the date and time and his initials.  “I know,” I replied, “and I’ve forgiven you.  Those weren’t mere words I said.  I have.  I do.”  I set the vial on top of the discarded cellophane.  “I was only doodling.”
Sherlock paused by the laboratory door, the curve of his shoulders outlined by the glow of the fire.
I looked over my shoulder and found Wiggins kneeling near my heels and holding out some creamy-coloured cloth with both hands in such a way that a clear opening gaped, ready for my foot to step through it.  I stepped obligingly and when he held open another circle of cloth, I did it again.  “What are thes…”
John dragged his fingertips over Sherlock’s hips, pausing to stroke the tops of Sherlock’s thighs and edge his thumbs into the crease of his groin.
The mattress dipped as Sherlock sat down on the edge of it.  “I hope that your vision of an afterlife holds more pleasures than hot tea and freshly-buttered toast.”
I glimpsed dark patches on his white shirt.  I was at his side, my hand beneath the coat in an instant.  His shirt was damp and perhaps of equal concern was how heavily he leaned upon me.
John took out his mobile and photographed both pages of the report before handing it back to Ms Swann.  “And the genetic material was contaminated in the testing process as well, they write.”
He continued his airy handclasp for a minute more before withdrawing his hands.  “You don’t seem very afraid,” he remarked.
“Tell me about the danger, Sherlock,” I said and if I was instilling as much charm into the words as I could, it wasn’t a duplicitous act, but an instinctive one.
“Twins,” he said, without glancing away from his task.  “One born a few minutes before mid-night, the other after.”
John ran a hand over his face and down his neck.  It was supposed to help him wake up and get up, but everywhere he touched tingled pleasantly.  He glanced at his watch.  It was only ten; he had a little time.  His hand wandered lower.
He stretched out, legs spanning the space in front of us, head resting on the back of the seat.  Each streetlamp we passed threw its light across the pale skin of his throat.
“Well, that doesn’t illuminate much.  He’d still have had to bring the carton and its old newspapers from somewhere else,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock turned to me, face creasing with glee.  “Client,” he said and whirled away.  His sheet had completely unwound by the time he reached his doorway.  He stooped to pick it up and closed the door.
“Yes,” I agreed.  I still had a scarf my mother had knitted for me when I was in sixth form.  I’d lost the one she’d made me before that.  If one doesn’t lose them, scarves pretty much last forever.  I could bring it here.  Let Siròc drop it into the flames.
“He couldn’t touch our design."  Sherlock began to pace as he talked.  "Culvert altered what we did.  Blood wasn't needed to weave our spell.  Two patterns, danced correctly together…” His eyes flickered over me.  “…with passion to seal them, was all that was required.”
“I feel remarkably well,” Sherlock replied, “although my garments are much the worse for wear.”  He glanced at me.  “Do you feel well, Doctor Watson?”
“Last night’s was the one about which I remembered the most when I woke up.  Before, there were only fragments in the morning, like the one I just described, or even briefer.  Cool water rippling in front of me.  Tree tops beneath me.  A warmth by my side.  But this morning when I woke, I could still see the place I had been and hear the sounds, as though they were just outside my windows.  I only needed to open them to return and then I could stay there forever.”  She had turned towards the window as she spoke, but her gaze wasn’t focussed on it.
It was more like patrolling than walking.  John brought his gun with him more often than was perhaps wise, took the bus rather than the Tube, left work before or after rush hour whenever he could.  If he had told anyone, they would have thought him paranoid.  He did not care.  He could feel it.
When we had reached the centre of the floor and Sherlock had indicated my place, the late arrival separated from the other guests and greeted Sherlock.  He was a trim, fair-haired man with a pointed beard and spectacles that seemed to gleam with their own light.  He was not ill-favoured, but there was something sharp and cold in his face that made me check the set of the knives in my sleeves.  He spoke of his pleasure at meeting Sherlock after so very long and his voice had an oiliness that I could almost feel on my skin.
“You play...”  His eyes flickered over John, lingered on his hands, lingered longer on his mouth.  "Woodwind or brass...woodwind, I think.  Less ostentatious.
Back I went to the other side.  I uncapped his water bottle, drank half of it, poured a few drops in my palm and rubbed it over my face.
“Jim never gets close enough to the execution of his solutions for there to be any evidence implicating him.”
My heart thudded, my respiration came fast.  I knew this feeling and thought I would never know it again.  “Does one get a second chance?” I whispered beside a bookcase that was out of alignment by a centimetre or so.  “Drop your clues, play your game as long as you’re inviting me to play, too.”  I insinuated my fingers into the crack and widened it.  Through the gap, a melody half strange and half familiar issued, trembling along a violin’s highest notes.  I eased the bookcase open wider.  Blackness greeted me.
“As tightly as a moth in its cocoon, you will be bound,” Sherlock whispered above the moist skin.  He nipped and suckled and yet there were more words that insisted on being said.  “But unlike a moth’s threads, yours will never break and you will never emerge.”
The folds of the draping didn’t make my interest nearly as clear as a pair of trousers would have done.  “That’s convenient,” I remarked.
Already accustomed to that habit, I set about arranging my pillows.  When I had them positioned to my satisfaction, I laid my head down by his hip, pulled the duvet up to my ears and draped an arm over his thighs beneath it.  “Find the solutions to any cold cases yet?” I enquired from my cocoon.  The duvet pulled tighter over my shoulder as his arm settled behind my back, his hand at my waist.
“Yeah,” Greg confirmed, scowling.  “Born in Haddington, Scottish mother, German father, dual national.”
The room I entered was smaller than the library and illuminated by the lights that shone through four tall stained glass windows.  I felt sure there must be brighter lighting available in the room and that these had been lit first to enhance their effect.  I stood and admired them unabashedly.  If Mr Holmes was showing off his house to me, I was not going to hide my appreciation.
Mrs Hudson brought the empty dish by her kitchen door in to be washed and re-filled.  She smiled at the four-leaf clover in the bottom of the bowl.
He smiled a little more at that.  “Then, you must open yourself for me…”  He added a word I could barely hear, in a language I didn’t know, but its sound pleased me nonetheless.
I considered his expression.  I’d aroused his sympathy it seemed to me.  I wasn’t certain what emotion the next chapter would evoke.
I was out of my chair and looking over the banister from the landing in an instant.  Mrs Hudson was at the foot of the stairs.  “Mrs Turner’s cut her hand.  There’s blood everywhere.”
She paused at the bottom of the stairs, her expression solemn.  “I apologise for not making an appointment.  I have been thinking about consulting you and Mr Holmes for over a week, but when I saw the man again today as I left the zoo, I felt I mustn’t delay any longer and came straight here, in hopes that you might be in.”
I looked at Mrs Hudson, who was still wearing simply her dress and a cardigan.  “Aren’t you coming?”
“He doesn’t?” I enquired, unfolding my serviette and surveying what she had set out.  “It looks as beautiful as it smells.”
The hair on the back of John’s neck prickled.  He turned around and scanned the area behind the bandstand.  No one was visible beneath the old trees.  Slowly, he scrutinised the circumference of the Pond, the path, the lawn and as far as he could see under the trees.  None of the people dotted around the area resembled the man from the bridge.
“Its tensions are of a different nature,” he replied and got to his feet.  He held his hand out to me.
Sherlock nodded.  “After last night, I think she knows she isn’t imagining the connection between ‘her’ swan, and the man whose been shadowing her.”
“No, they wouldn’t.  The spell of the play would have been upon them, so many true names in it.”  Mycroft tapped the thorn against the root.  “I warned Father that playwright was not a fellow with whom to dally.”  Mycroft placed the thorn in a groove in the bark and sighed. “But good King Oberon has never cared to deny himself the pursuit of a fancy.  ‘It will be forgotten in a few years, names and all,’ was his astute analysis.  Four centuries on and I’m still managing the consequences.”
Sherlock's brows furrowed as he gazed at me.  “Most creatures not born there cannot step through,” he explained.
He had lowered his eyes for a moment to mine.  “Serious business, names.  Not to be invoked lightly nor given away casually.”  He’d gone back to watching in the glass over my head.
Each morning and evening, he had done the same.  The days had rolled by.  The seasons had taken their turns, and yet no whirring flight broke the silence.  No graceful silhouette emerged from the clouds.
Corvus looked up from his reverie and stared at Braithewaite’s expectant face.  “Yes,” he said with a start, as though the words were just then reaching his brain.  “Yes,” he repeated and sat up straighter.  “Mr Holmes and Doctor Watson are going to help me fulfil Roderick’s wishes; they must hear everything you have to say to me.”
He sat back on his heels and his head dropped to my thigh.  I stroked his curls away from his face. He sighed and closed his eyes.
His fingers tangled in my hair, across my brow, above my ears.  “There,” he murmured and dropped his hands to my shoulders.
The sun was warm on the side of my face, my legs happy to not be supporting me.  I stretched my arms out to the side and let my head fall back.
John let his head fall back onto the cushions and stared at the ceiling.  From Sherlock, he heard the occasional click.  His eyes closed.
She breathed in, her chest expanding, and pushed down as hard as she could and rose higher and higher above the river and the trees and far past where the fountains should have been.  To the east of her, he followed, his wings singing and the sky outlining him in gold.
It was bright in the downstairs room, even with the curtains drawn.  Mid-afternoon.  Quietly, John propped himself up on one elbow and watched Sherlock’s back rise and fall in the rhythm of deep sleep, his face half obscured by his pillow.
If I wasn’t certain that I was not supposed to stab this man to death in the middle of the dance floor, he would have been dead or I would have been for making the attempt.
Sparks flew.  Some landed in his hair, glowing a moment before fading.  Others landed on his shoulders, sizzled and fell.
“We were all sorry not to meet you last year,” she said, “but it was good you and Mr Holmes saved the wee sea serpent.”
“I am a curse, then.  I shouldn’t have tempted you,” John said.  He rubbed his brow back and forth over the ridge of Sherlock's spine.
I took the bag from him and slung it over my shoulder.  “What’s that?” I asked, raising my chin at the other item
“There you are,” I crowed, gathering the box up.  I held it close to my chest as I hurried inside.  Gently, I set it on the desk and my hand found the scissors.
“The clouds grew darker.  There was a distant rumble, like hooves, like drums.  I glanced from side to side.  I could discern nothing.  Wherever the shore was, it seemed far away.  I closed my eyes, stretched my fingers out and continued to float.  The water rippled gently, cool, soothing.”  Ms Swann paused.
“You’ve been experimenting on me!” I exclaimed.  “The different fragrances, the food.  Mrs Hudson’s in on it!”
“You may take your box, Puck, if you wish to use it again,” Oberon said as he and Mycroft resumed their seats.
My momentary smugness disappeared.  I opened an eye.  The faint glow of the moon blade on the table and the bands on the floor gave hints at his posture as his skin reflected back their light.  One arm was above his head, the other I felt stretched out behind my neck.  His legs were splayed, one half on the floor, the other crooked over my thighs.  My smugness returned, enhanced by relief at how much his anxiety appeared to have abated.
He pulled himself further along my body and peered down at me.  The candlelight was erratic, but I thought the skin beneath his eyes looked less bruised.
I took a step back.  The aroma of spices should have alerted me to someone being present, but I hadn’t seen either her or Mrs Turner by the light of the lone candle in the middle of the long kitchen table.  They leaned forward into its glow.
He took it, shook it slightly and continued gazing at me.  I wondered if the drink had been to share and I had guzzled it all down.  I touched my lip.
With one more roll of the eyes, Mycroft glided off.  “Only something on the far side of the room, brother mine.”
“Of course, you do,” I thought, and managed not to say it aloud.  Legend had it that Holmeswood Manor had once sat on an estate that stretched northward all the way to the heath and east past the borders of what became the Regent’s Park.  What its other boundaries were supposed to have been I had never heard precisely, but tunnels and underground rivers were involved.
I complied.  As simple as the tune was, it was a pretty little air that sounded sweet as I repeated it with more assurance.  I was smiling at the end of it, then  I shivered a bit and turned to the wall.  The panel was wide open again.
Greg met us as we approached the bridge, strobing blue lights reflecting off the glass walls of the office building to our left.  “We’ve got a positive ID,” he said, “Dea Blatto…”
“So, I had asked the question about which I tried not to think when I wrote up the story of your death or read through my old notebooks to check a fact or…well…I sat there, at that table, and waited to hear what this clever lady would come up with to say to that.  I steeled myself for it because whatever it was, it was going to hurt to hear your name in her mouth, in that room of the bereaved and the abandoned seeking to converse with the dead.
The remnants of a hearty dinner covered much of the table and I was glad to see it.  Holmes had been thin and drawn when he came back.  The ensuing weeks had lessened the pallor of his cheeks and a bit of flesh had softened the grave lines of his face, but his eyes were not bright.
“Not really,” I said.  “I used to listen to a neighbour when I was doing schoolwork.  One day she was in her garden and I told her how beautiful I found the music and asked if she could teach me.  I’d only had a few lessons when we moved away.”
“He is a fair fellow,” I blurted out.  “Gazing at you, with his gazelle eyes, as though you were the morning sun.”
“John Watson’s light is gold,” Mycroft stated.  “It’s an unusual colour for a human, doubly unusual for it to be so strong.”
“Don’t look like that,” he said.  “Who would?”  He came down a couple steps and grabbed my arm.  “Actually, you might have,” he said, “but I think you would have doubted your senses at the time or convinced yourself you had not remembered it aright later.”  He tugged me up the stairs and into the library.  “Have you ever done that?”
His head shifted on my lap, the hand behind my back tightening and pulling me forward as though he were adjusting a pillow.
“I was more fatigued than I realised,” he replied, holding up a small flask.  “But you won’t need a week.”
“I knew you were a madman the day I met you.  I wrote about it on my blog,” John replied and took a piece of toast.  “Yet here we are.”
"They're in the cold chamber now, except for one that I want to study further at home.  That one's in a cooler.  The end of the tentacle has structures similar to a leech's mouth.  I believe it was intending to feed on me when you interrupted it."
“There,” Sherlock said.  “We’re booked on a flight to Marseille tomorrow afternoon.  We should research the passenger lists of ships departing in the next few days.  I’m inclining towards the
I took it from him.  It was heavy.  I opened it and drank.  It was full.  “That’s useful,” I remarked and handed it back.
Sherlock handed his laptop to her.  The photograph on the screen was a wide-angled shot of the Pond with her bent forward to feed the swans.
We were stood on another minstrels’ gallery, having stepped through a panel in the middle of the gallery in the music room.
“She’s our cook,” Mrs Hudson said, placing another tray on the table, this one holding two glass dishes and a plate of tiny biscuits.
“I’ll make you hot,” I promised, my hand smoothing down his cold chest.  “You’ve got nothing on.  Get in here.”  I sat up and pushed the covers off me.  Goosebumps rose on my bare skin.
I was not sure why I thought he had orchestrated the meal we had consumed, something about the effect the combined flavours were having on me, perhaps.
I only sustained a kick in the shin before he was settled on my bench, legs hooked beneath it.  I released my grip on his coat and swung my leg over his back.  No longer athwart the seat, I lowered myself into a crouch and eased myself onto the rowing bench.  I let out a great sigh when I was firmly seated in the middle of it.
I turned to look at him.  The position of his arms expanded his chest.  It strained at the buttons of his tapered shirt, cut to fit his fine lines.   He was like a piece of art, a dancer holding an elegant pose before a leap or a spin.  I wasn’t sure I could bring myself to touch him, so perfect he seemed in himself, as he was.
I wondered if Mike knew Dr Hooper, the younger.  “Does her mother live here?” I asked.  The list of residents I had not yet met was growing.
The sky grew pale.  The green smoke wafted higher and higher chasing after the last stars until it finally faded away.
Lady Holmes placed her hand on my shoulder.  “We are all pleased you have found your way back to us.”
I ran the tip of my forefinger along the longest pipe.  There was a hill top, windy at dusk.  My finger jumped away.  I considered the next pipe, rubbed my fingertip along it.  The edge of a quiet lake.  I exhaled and touched the next.  A grove of trees, shady at midday.
I exhaled and turned back to the hall.  I still was not sure I could attempt to fence with him, but I could join this mind game of his.
She patted my arm.  “Everyone has their distinct taste preferences.  The trick is discovering what they all are.”
“He almost knocked me over heading down to the firing range as I was coming up.”  Wiggins opened the door.  “Might be the quietest place in the Manor about now,” he added from the hall.  The door shut and I was alone.
My lips skidded over cotton and came to rest beneath his ear.  Another warm, sweet spot.  I suckled the taut skin.
“You haven’t collected any new feathers, by any chance?” Sherlock asked.  “You could try testing those.”
I shrugged.  “I am merely relaying the information I have.  You are the great detective who unravels mysteries.”
“Right,” I said, swiping the bag with the dominoes off the table and holding it out to her.  “Take these.”
The perpetual dusk of a rainy day lit the street beyond the library windows.  The rain was splattering loudly against the panes, poised halfway between water and ice. They offered little in the way of light or view.
The youngest branches of the oak trembled with the activities of the lovers about its bore.  The bird sang, full-throated, in its branches.
The frequency of my visits had not been motivated solely by the strong likelihood that someone would be present who was eager to feed me, but because the company to be found there was a solace during those hours when Sherlock withdrew to his room to finally sleep or was too engrossed in a problem to be troubled with eating.  I was accustomed to the companionship of others; a lonely meal was an experience being invalided out of the army had revealed to me, but the rooms upstairs, when Sherlock was not awake in them had given me a new understanding of what feeling alone could mean.
sailing the day after tomorrow due to the former Minister of State for Transport’s presence, but if we dig deeper we may find more likely candidates.”  He picked up speed as he rattled off the details, finally looking up from the screen, eyes agleam with the joy of a seemingly worthy case.
Wind rattled the sitting room windows in their frames.  I opened one eye and squinted at them.  It was unreasonable to be so irked by the weather, an overcast day in London at any season was no rare thing, but Holmes was not the only resident of 221B Baker Street to have moods.  I took a deep breath and set my book on the side table.  I surveyed the landscape of our sitting room, leeched of colour in the watery light.  Several new items that Holmes had brought back from our sunlit adventure were strewn about, a couple still boxed.  He was ensconced at his chemistry table, examining the contents of the smallest parcel, apparently suffering none of the usual symptoms of ennui that so often dogged the heels of a recently completed case.  Beyond him, raindrops trickled down the windowpanes.
He turned another page, and another.  There was the butterfly he had caught, his handwriting beneath it.  He had not dared look that far at the shop, had determined he would buy the album after lifting the cover.  John sat.
There was a note atop the biscuit tin on the mantelpiece in the hallway.  It bore his name in violet ink.  John hung his cane on the edge of the mantel and inhaled:  ginger and nutmeg and something he could not place.  She was inventive in her cooking, was Mrs Hudson.  He unfolded the note.
I took a deep breath of lavender and my muscles went slack.  “You could have me there,” he whispered.  His palm rubbed against my chest.  “But then the rest of them would, too.”
“You think this fellow might loiter about there, too?” John asked.  “While you were napping, I read about what a big deal it is to identify a new species.  Is it possible that that’s what this bloke is interested in rather than gaming industry secrets?”
“You and Mycroft had a dog, an Irish Setter?” John asked, intrigued that Sherlock voluntarily paired himself with Mycroft in using the possessive pronoun.
“Trying,” I said.  My fingers closed around the smooth shell, squeezing tightly.  The noise from Sherlock’s side of the bed ceased.  “Thank god,” I sighed, fumbling the mobile in front of my face, trying to find the off button.  It buzzed louder.  I squinted at the lighted screen.
“I shot him.  Glass shattered everywhere.  I ran down the stairs, across the street, shards of glass glittering around me like a swarm of butterflies.  I hammered and banged and shoved against the door.  The glass cut my hands and face, gouged and scored the wood.  Still, I couldn’t get in; the door was locked.  I could have saved you if I could have got in.  Finally, Mrs Hudson flew down the street and opened the door, but when I got upstairs it was too late.  I had taken too long.  You were gone and I couldn’t bring you back.”
Sherlock filled my wineglass from a tall green bottle with a hand-written label in an alphabet with which I was unfamiliar.  He set the glass down near me.  “He’s become efficient over the years.  More salmon?”
“No, no.  To this place, like this…like this.”  I swept my free arm in a half circle and let it drop to my side.
I turned back to the window.  “I don’t recall this last year.  Were we away?”  I leaned out.  The breeze was sharp.  The sound of bells louder.
“No one who wasn’t welcome ever made it through Door or past River.”  He gestured with his head, left and right.  “This was our first refuge.  The core of the Manor.  Our long barrow.” He tilted his head back the way I had come.  “And that door’s made from the tree who grew above it and whose roots blocked the way in to those who would intrude.”
“They had wasted no time and set out for Hugh Town within days of our gathering, their son’s letters safely tucked into Mr Morrow’s coat pocket for substantiation of who they were.  Ten days later, they had returned with their son’s remains in a new burial gown and a fine oak coffin they had had made in the town.  Shortly thereafter, they had arranged a service for all their friends and relations to attend and interred their dear boy under the family monument in the parish churchyard.”
His hand caressed my balls, nudged my thighs apart.  His fingers stroked the skin between my legs, behind my balls; his tongue flicked over the skin of my throat.
Sherlock chuckled.  “What’s more discreet than one more fairy among the fairies?”  He slipped down several branches, disturbing not a leaf.
Finally, Sherlock huffed.  “John,” he said, very quietly.  “I have the dubious honour of presenting to you my
“Thank you,” Sherlock said.  “Might I enquire if any of the other invited mourners have preceded us into the crypt?”
aside and extinguished the lamp.  After staring into the darkness for a long while, I went quietly to my door and opened it.  There was neither light nor sound, but that Holmes was also awake I felt sure.  I tip-toed back to bed, stretched out beneath the covers and waited for the music to begin.
I sniffed, took a deeper breath.  Over the scent of damp soil and mouldering leaves, it floated - the scent of roses, like the white ones surrounding my balcony - climbing roses with thick stems and very long thorns.
There was movement in the dark and an earthenware mug was set before me and a bowl of stew with a spoon already in it next to that.
“I didn’t know,” I murmured, imagining such a blade, a small, sharp thing, like a lancet, that I could always keep with me.  “You were tired.”
“But I think these are the real ones.”  He bit into a little berry tart, thought better of it, and shoved the whole of it in his mouth.
Sherlock eased onto his back, closed his fingers around the top of the headboard and tilted his hips upwards.  “Whatever you prescribe, Doctor.”
The barman took his order, set the drink in front of Sherlock.  Sherlock paid with large, gleaming coins.  The barman scooped them up eagerly.  He did not comment on there being far too many.
Introductions completed, Dean Bradley gave the choristers a cue and their angel-voiced funeral hymn marked the beginning of the service.  The choir lent their chime-like tones to several pieces of liturgical music before singing two songs that Sherlock whispered to me were both composed by Ushers.  The final piece the choristers sang was later identified by Corvus as a song Roderick had written for his sister on her twenty-first birthday.  I understood what Corvus had meant about the beauty of the melodies being unorthodox, but their mournful airs suited the occasion well.  In place of a eulogy, Corvus explained that he would read one of the last poems Roderick Usher had shared with him.  It was the one Corvus had transcribed into the narrative he had sent to Sherlock and me.  It was with difficulty that Corvus pronounced its last lines.
Sherlock reached for a serviette from the coffee table and began unfolding it.  “Most of my earliest memories include Redbeard.  When I first heard the adage about a dog being a man’s best friend, it made complete sense to me, because Redbeard had always been my best friend.  We played together, we slept together, I shared all my secrets with him.  I assumed that was how it was with everyone who had a dog.  My father always referred to him as part of the family and I considered him to be the younger of my two older brothers – the one who was more fun.”  Sherlock looked up at John.
“Regular digestives and the dark chocolate kind.  You want both, I know,” John answered before Sherlock said anything.  “But even at the most preliminary glance, I think the folks out at Baskerville would be interested.”
High in the oak, a small shape hopped from branch to branch, singing as though its heart would burst.
I looked around the glade.  No one was tending the fire.  Lit by its dying glow, two figures moved on the grass.   The one beneath had their legs about the other's shoulders.  I could hear their breathing between the drum beats, the gasp and the pant and the grunt.
A light breeze blew past my buttocks and Sherlock’s hands grasped my hips.  “Lovely, aren’t they?” he murmured, but to whom I wasn’t sure.
My stomach grumbled.  “I’m hungry,” I said, reaching up to his neck and rubbing back and forth through the hair at the nape of his neck.
I sighted along the line of Sherlock’s forefinger.  Halfway down the long wall of windows, a shapely woman in silver robes was settling into one of a pair of high gilded chairs situated on a small platform connecting two window seats.  Her fair hair was swept up and held by a diadem of gems that scattered light as she tilted her head upwards.  Her gloved hand was held aloft by a tall, snowy-haired man whose sumptuous cloak glimmered darkly as he released her hand with a kiss.  Their elegance would have made them stand out even without the raised platform.
“I’m so pleased.  It was a variation on my usual recipe,” she said, carrying the plate into the kitchen and washing off the few crumbs left clinging to it at the sink.
“Thank you, Mike,” John said as he thumped up the stairs, “and your cherubic bedside manner.”  John doubted there were many doctors who had patients dropping off fairy cakes months after their last appointment.
“But Puck,” Oberon said, raising his forefinger, “a count must be decorous and neither caper nor cavort.”
It was a good suggestion, but I had followed it because I wanted to please him.  Flattery is an effective seduction technique.  I looked down at the drawing, at the red and blue tendrils twining their way around the arm to penetrate the flesh at the warm pulse points.
“My interrogator came back and I told him that he could catch his neighbour, the coffin-maker, and his wife in flagrante if he went home right then,” Sherlock replied.
King Oberon looked up from the scrolls Mycroft was showing him when Puck skipped into the clearing.  He set a box Mycroft recognised down in the middle of the document he and his father had been discussing.
“That probably clinched it,” I admitted, "my carrying on with them instead of going home when the play was over.  She’d been good in her role.  On the Tube, she'd been chatty, vivacious and pretty.  There’d still been glitter in her hair.
“I can’t think how she managed with the others, some mysteries elude even me,” he said, “but with regard to my not being dead the only rational explanation that presents itself is that she was either a confederate of Moriarty and Moran's or knew someone who was.  I suspect that she was thoroughly aware of our connection.”
It took a while to catch my breath.  When I could lift my head, I kissed Sherlock’s cheek.  “Have we slept a hundred years?” I whispered.
It was more than a decade since his grandparents had died, one winter after the other, the news coming both times over a bad telephone connection when he was too far away to return for the funerals.  John supposed his mother had given most of their things away long ago, and that those she had not would have been dispersed when she died.  Harry had kept very little.  But that any of them could have made their way to the particular antique shop into which he had wandered was hard to imagine.
“It is good to see you, John.  It has been too long,” Angelo said, patting John’s shoulder.  “Anything you like.  On the house.”  Angelo drew his hand away and pressed it to his heart.  “Do not wound me by saying no.”
I didn't step on any other sharp objects as we followed the path between the tall grass and wild flowers by the water, and the trees and brush of the woods.  Amidst the latter, Sherlock had been foraging, and when he delved further in amongst the brambles, I would lean against the nearest tree and play.
Sherlock squeezed the berry and licked the juice off his fingers.  “You know I delete as much about court as possible.”  He dropped the pulp of the berry.  “Still bored.”
Smoke rose from a campfire.  Tongues of flame cast wavering shadows against sheer walls of stone.  Wood cracked.  Sparks flew into crisp night air and changed into music.  I yearned to catch those burning notes, but there were boulders hemming me in.  Otherwise, I would have caught them.  I would have.
I closed my hand around it and heard my neighbour’s voice - turn it gently, the tiniest bit at a time.
I had barely stopped to look at him when he lay down on the bed.  My garments were, no doubt, strewn about the room.  It had been less love-making and more devouring.
John threw his shoulders back and marched inside, closed the door and leaned against it.  The heavy weave of an outer garment, redolent of tobacco, brushed the side of his face.  The bright rectangles above the shutters shed no light on the room.  By his feet, the arrow of wood and red carpet faded slowly.  Any chance that a different Sherlock had taken up residence in his house, faded with it.
“Ah,” Sherlock said, getting up from the kitchen table.  “Let’s see if we can reassure her about Ms Swann, so she doesn’t contact any authorities about her concerns.  Suggest a meeting in Avenue Gardens.  That’s close to the zoo.”  He looked out the window.  The light was almost gone.  “It will have to be tomorrow.  Say, one or two in the afternoon.  Let her pick.”
“A trip back to the river to look for her ootheca,” Sherlock said, tapping at his phone.  “Approximately 82 centimetres long and 23 centimetres wide,” he added as he headed for the hall.  “I’ll tell Lestrade to inform the River Police.”
I wondered if he could read all that from my expression or whether he had already accessed every shred of my military history.
“All right,” I said, “so would it have been these locks of hair that Adamantine wanted to get back, assuming he even knew she did this.”
Holmes had his flask out in a moment.  The cognac was excellent as always.  It is with the discernment of a chemist that he chooses his spirits.  Its flavour seized my mouth and its heat glowed comfortably in my belly.
“Afterwards…yeah…I couldn’t help the occasional dream, but they usually ended with you on the edge of that damned roof.”  John’s hand dropped to his side.
He always came to see what I was drawing if he was around and awake, but I drew at other times, too, and those he wouldn’t have seen unless he had looked through the folder before.  From the sound of it, he hadn’t.
“Sometimes that’s the right thing to do, sometimes it’s not.  Offer still stands,” Mrs Hudson said and smiled at him.
“So between nine and eleven,” Sherlock said.  “The skateboarders found the deceased still vocalising shortly before 11.”
Down the music swooped and Sherlock leaned forward with it, over the edge of the balustrade, eyes closed, his bow a blur across the strings.
On the terrace, petals scattered over stone and the last of the clouds scudded away.  Moonlight flooded the room.
Sherlock dropped the rope back in the boat and shoved off from the post with the blunt side of the hook on the spear.  The tide bumped us back against the wood.  Sherlock twirled the spear about and thrust the pole into the gravel.  The skiff skimmed over the water in defiance of the tide, catching a current rushing towards the opposite shore. With a small sound of satisfaction, Sherlock dropped the spear in the boat and grabbed the oars.
Soon everyone in the entry hall had a flask and a cloth bag that turned out to have roast nuts and dried fruits in it.
She stepped back into the hall and gestured for me to come in.  “It’s fine.  Sherlock called to say he might be delayed, so there'll be time for a cup of tea while you wait.”
“But he was still unwilling to explain it to Corvus.  Why?  Mrs Usher was dead.  There was no one to chastise Roderick or Madeline or disinherit anyone.  I’m guessing that was why Madeline kept the marriage and the baby a secret.  But by keeping Corvus uninformed, Roderick was risking the child not being taken care of at all.  I can’t see any reason why he would do that,” I said, regretting that I was not more clear-headed.  “Have you figured out where the child is yet?”
Rush hour was in full spate.  I hung from a strap, swayed with the rhythm of the train.  Strings of words were forming in my head.
John set the package wrapped with newspaper and string on the desk.  “Never walking down that street with money in my pocket again,” he said as he slipped off his jacket, draped it over the back of a desk chair and tugged on the end of the bow.  The string loosened.  He pushed the paper away.
“And I want to make sure Mike’s meticulous handiwork isn’t damaged by careless bathing,” Sherlock said.  He rinsed his hands and lathered them anew.
It was a much more complimentary level of interest than he has ever shown in my writing.  Up went my chin, out went my chest.  I had no control over it.
With carefully-placed steps, I went to the large hearth and set the pot on the stone where I had seen moonstones melt in the moonlight.  With a hand to steady me against the chimney breast above the hearth, I leaned down and looked up the long, square chimney.  Far above me, a circlet of starlight glimmered.  I nodded to myself in satisfaction.  It was a clear night.  In time the moon would come.
I closed my elbow around a post, felt the pull on Sherlock’s coat increasing, more weight suspended from it.  I guessed that Sherlock was holding on to the sack rather than using either of his hands to catch the door frame.  I felt among the folds of his coat for his waist, a leg, anything onto which I could hold more securely.
“Thank you, Doctor,” he said, moving the tree limb further down the hall.  “You should come up to the nursery and see the cuttings when you have time.  They’re already rooting.”
I was sorry to have missed the first part of what he'd had to say about the silver-haired woman stepping into the boat.
I made no attempt to catch up to them and put on the lead.  It would have been more than ridiculous as they were leading the way and I sensed that Chapalu might object.  Baskerville was walking half a step behind her, bumping into her side every now and again.
I saw the black border from the stairs.  A funeral invitation.  My pace slackened and yet I reached my destination soon enough.
I touched it lightly with my tongue and was rewarded with a smile once more.  I licked more liberally, drawing his fingers into my mouth.
I scowled.  I’d taken his glue pot away with me after Reichenbach, kept it on the desk in my study, used it sometimes when I edited galleys – a small, physical connection to our former shared life.  It gave me a frisson whenever I took it up as though a faint spark of Holmes’s electricity had lingered in its mundane substance.
Sherlock exhaled noisily, bracing himself on one hand and clutching John’s forearm harder with the other.  “Can you guess mine?” Sherlock asked, his breath failing at the end of the question.
“We usually have more lead time for dos like that,” Wiggins said and I relaxed the grip that had tightened around the knife.
I paused.  An inch of darkness showed between the edge of the lid and the body of the box.  Inside, nothing glittered.  Nothing slithered.  The scent of sandalwood grew stronger.
“I love my love, and well he knows, I love the grass whereon he goes,” I sang softly and my voice flew about the quiet room.
Wide-eyed, I looked up from the cards spread over the desk and saw Mrs Hudson appear in the doorway bearing half a cake on a plate.
It had only ever spoken to him in the dark.  John ran towards the voice and leapt into the air.  His outstretched fingers touched a feather, others, a shoulder.  His body slammed into a back and his legs clamped around a waist.  “I have now,” he said, clutching as tightly as he could and pressing his cheek against silky curls.  To either side, Sherlock’s wings unfolded, stirring the frangrance of the grass and the woods as they slowly beat the air.
I realised it had a hinge and a clasp, two semi-circles joined together.  I gestured with my hand, the one with the stones in it.  My other kneaded high up Sherlock’s thigh.
“You have already decided to take his case on?” I exclaimed, wondering silently whether the mention of opium use had struck a chord of sympathy in Holmes.
“Oh, that reminds me, Archie already got his cuttings for rooting.  They’ll look beautiful out by the steps,” she said, tucking the silver pot away.
I spilled and spilled; his other hand rubbing it over my belly then down between my thighs.  I tried to hold them tightly together for him, but my muscles were relaxing, my mind beginning to drift.  I tried harder.
When I left Afghanistan, I thought I had had enough blazing skies to last me a lifetime and that the cool, grey clouds of London were the balm I needed for my blistered soul.  I had been wrong.
His shoulders relaxed.  “Yes, well, fairy gold is an illusion, a glamour.  It has its uses, of course, but that’s not what these are.”
The moon was sinking behind the rooftops as we paraded down Baker Street.  There was no one else on the footpath and only two taxis passed us with their lights off.  I hoped their passengers were too occupied to stare out the window and that the cabbies had had their eyes on the road.
The man bowed slightly then, taking one of Sherlock’s hands in both of his and raising it to his lips.  It did not look like an act of obeisance to me and then he began to croon as his lips hovered over Sherlock’s skin.
Thoughts of burglars and murderers pushed to the front of John’s thoughts, pursued by the notion of informing the police.
I reached up and touched the tip of his tail with my forefinger.  “Haven’t seen you in a while,” I said and he wrapped his tail around my finger.
His brow smoothed and he struck the metal again.  “He knew I was making a surprise,” Sherlock said.  “His methods are severe.”
“Oh,” Sherlock gasped.  He nosed beneath the smooth testicles.  “You used the straight razor.”  He drew back, his eyes wide.  “John, you could have done yourself an injury.”
I looked towards him and was grateful that I was not holding my tea cup.  I was sure mind-readers did not exist, but his eyes were flickering over me as though he were absorbing the data on a computer screen.  Among my gambling friends, my inscrutable poker face was renowned.  I wondered whether I had lost that skill, too.
.  I’d thought it strange that they’d changed back into their costumes.  They’d had on denim and t-shirts on the Tube.
Sherlock jingled the coins in his pocket.  Perhaps it was the effect of the surrounding silence, but the sound seemed much louder than what a few coins might be able to produce.
He left me to it and I hummed at the place where the bolt had pierced the oak.  The wood parted.  When I stood, sliding the bolt into the quiver, he dropped a cloak over my shoulders.  “Since it’s cold on the river,” he said, pivoting towards the column with the torch.  He reclaimed it with one hand and grabbed a hooked spear from the assortment near it with the other.
Sherlock stopped his spinning, looked intently at the opalescent rocks on my palm and then at my face.
“A couple minutes…”  He looked up at the winged creatures flying through the starry sky of the ceiling.  “I’m supposed to tell you at this point that you could withdraw.”   Their chariot disappeared behind a cloud-shrouded moon above the doors leading out to the double staircase to the roof.
Sherlock turned on the branch.  Velvety black wings tipped in white hid most of his form when he faced his brother again.
“So, what I suggest is that you get the fire going, move the coffee table over near it and assemble your ingredients and your instructions on it, and sit on the footstool to play your harp while your potion simmers.”
And yet, below the apparent languor of a long night drawing to a close, there thrummed an energy, a taut wire of expectation that encircled the crowd.  Whispers stopped as we danced past, and, as the moon over the river approached the treetops, more and more bright eyes were turned upon us.
True to my word, a few minutes later I was dressed, and Baskerville and I were strolling out the front door carefully obscured from curious eyes.  I’d left the lead back on the bed.  It was more a way for him to communicate that he wanted to go out than an actual form of restraint.  At least now, I knew how to obscure him when he ran ahead as effectively as when he trotted by my side.  This was just as well for the other park goers.
They were long, nearly featherless and sturdy like an ostrich’s legs, but the talons that were scraping against the stone were at the tips of wide, webbed feet.
I couldn’t see who had spoken, but I knew the voice.  It drew me out from among the tall trees onto the meadow, silvery in the moonlight, sloping away into shadows.  A fragrance rose as I walked through the tall flowers, the earth between them warm under my bare feet.
“Don’t go to your Mind Palace now,” John said, rising up on his elbow and kissing Sherlock’s chin.  “I have no complaints.  I was waking up feeling better than I have in years.  Regular orgasms will do that.”
We rounded a small out-cropping of rock and the vista opened before us, sloping away to a glassy expanse of water.  It had to be fairer in its spring garb, with the tarn tinted blue by a clear, mid-day sky, than the view Corvus would have seen in the twilight of late winter, and yet the scene emanated an austerity that I could not ignore.  I recognised the stand of blasted trees that marked where the house had been swallowed whole and the small bridge over which Corvus had fled.  The sedge along the shore had a haze of white bloom on it.
Mrs Hudson looked over her shoulder.  “Could you pour me a half cup?  The dough’s just ready for it.”  She lifted her chin at the counter and John spotted the purple cup with the floury handle.
Mrs Morrow had then produced a packet of letters tied up with a dark blue ribbon.  The most recent postmark had been two months before Arthhur’s ship had been spotted foundering off Lizard Point in Cornwall.
It’s a pleasure to write this down now - a record of how I felt in the years after the events at the fall of Reichenbach.  I hadn’t written frankly about such things at the time, and some things I hadn’t written about at all.  The grief, amongst other feelings, had been too fresh.  Emotions are so much more manageable at a remove, I find.
“Oh, is that you two?” Mrs Hudson called.  “We were wondering whether you’d decided to stay in Summer.  I wouldn’t blame you with this weather we’ve been having.  I’ll get you some tea.”  I heard the door close.
The meal was hours behind me.  I had read and written and observed through the microscope for the entire evening after it.  Anything that could produce this result, would have noticeably interfered with those tasks.
Near the buckle hung an empty scabbard with chunks of green and gold amber studding its length.  I lifted the stiff leather, peered at the stones.  There was a tip of uncurled fern in one and an insect’s wing in another.  “For your dagger,” Wiggins explained and from the corner of my eye I saw him across the room at my night table.  I blinked and he was back before me again.  He held the hilt out to me.
Sherlock stopped. John would have bumped into him but for his waving his arm behind him.  “We’ll have to go back over the bridge to the towpath to walk west.  Anyone trying to access her building from the east would either have to swim or jump across the three houseboats moored in the slip.”  Sherlock narrowed his eyes at the boats.  “Doable, but awkward and risky.  Judging by the water line, someone’s home on the middle one.”
I smiled.  “I had been worried I would be bored after Afghanistan, you know, but it’s not a problem.”
“You’re trying to get me to lurk around Baker Street to watch for Puck without owing me another favour,” Sherlock said.  He had his legs back; he supposed he could try sitting up again.
Sherlock hovered above John’s chest, started to bite while in the air.  The pink flesh was fine, easier to pierce.  He took small sips all the way around and then a long drink from the middle.  He had gone dry even while they spoke and John’s blood was better than nectar.
The carthorse plodded into view, harness jingling.  The man who had wept, looked straight ahead as he led his horse towards the mouth of the northern path.  His companion rode in the wagon garlanded with ivy.  She was gazing back at where the fire had been.
I set the glass of water down.  “I’m so sorry I alarmed you,” I said.  “A dream from last night came back to me.  Vividly.  The flavour, I think, brought it to mind.”
In the meantime, I tested the tension of the string and finding it satisfactory nocked the arrow.  My shoulder complained again, but I held steady and let the arrow fly.
“She is fond of you.”  I looked back out the windows.  “But you gave no hint to me that we’d be gone anywhere near that long.  It’s good Verner materialised as a buyer for my practice when he did.”
The sounds were always sweet, none of the squawks and screeches with which novice woodwind players are more familiar than they would like to be.  As a boy, I had been banned from playing my tin whistle in the house, so out in the garden or down the street I had gone.  In addition to my discordant mistakes, the whistle had often played my complaints or other things I didn't say aloud.
“They kept a house in London, have had a crypt in London since before Westminster Abbey was built, of course, they would use a London paper,” he said.
Sherlock stared across the stairwell, eyes narrowed.  “Superstition.  Family tradition.  Renewing a pledge to keep a secret.  Maybe it’s a reliquary and someone’s foot is in there.”
Raising a hand, I rested it on his shoulder and rose on the tips of my toes.  It seemed to bring me higher than usual; his lips were almost in reach.
Slowly, my eyes adjusted to the dark.  The outlines of pairs of figures took shape, clasped together back to front, ringing most of the way around the tree-like centre sculpture.  The inner statue of the nearest pair seemed to cling to the tree, the statue behind pressing close, its nearer arm disappearing around its mate’s waist, the forearm of the other leaning against the tree above its partner’s head.  A couple shallow steps bridged the fountain’s pool at the point on the tree trunk without figures.
Our day’s explorations had been curtailed once more what with disinfecting Mrs Turner’s wound, stitching her up and calming her down.  It had been a deep cut and it had bled a lot, but I assured her it would heal well if it was kept clean and dry.  I gave her a mild analgesic and recommended she put her feet up for an hour or two and not put any pressure on the base of her thumb until I had taken the stitches out.  My tableside manner had apparently been successful, because with a hand well-bandaged, she insisted on sitting at the table with her feet up on another chair while I tried Mrs Hudson’s apple pie American style.
“It’s been so quiet without either of you here,” she said.  “And not even a phone call after everything we’ve been through.”
I glanced over my shoulder.  “You know, the party game where you sit in a circle with music playing and pass around a package wrapped in many layers until the music stops, then the person with the package removes a layer and does whatever the message inside that layer instructs them to do.”
“With a bow, no less,” John remarked.  “Speaking of listening devices, do you think he planted something on her?”
We continued until he hung the bag over the bank where I could see it.  It was indeed bulging with my harvest.
Holmes glanced up.  His eyes, too, had become bluer as we journeyed south.  “I think you know the answer to that.”
A week had passed since that afternoon when he had said he wanted me to stay and no call for assistance had taken either him alone or the pair of us from the Manor.  There had finally been time for him to show me much more of the Manor in between our fencing and music lessons, the long hours in the laboratory and library and one very satisfying target practice session deep below the house.  I had hit the bull’s eye on the first shot and every one thereafter, no matter how distant he had made it until the limit of the range had been reached.  He had been impressed and I had been delighted.  I smiled to think of it.
Sherlock shut the door of the wet room behind us.  "Does she ever come hunting with me, you mean?" he said, turning on the water.
“You’re not going to pour it on me, are you?” Mike asked, sliding his empty glass slowly towards John.
“According to her and her ‘spirit guide’, you weren’t among the dead.  How could she know that?  I thought then I had stumped her.  Even later when I spoke with the Morrows and the Knights, I thought that however she had managed what she had managed with them, she hadn’t been able to come up with anything plausible to say to me about you.  Then, two years later you pop into existence in my study.  And that’s probably why I didn’t have a seizure or go berserk instead of merely fainting when you did it, because I’d had that hint from her, that suggestion that just maybe, you really weren’t in the land of the dead.
The melody was high at first, light and pretty.  John thought Ms Swann shouldn’t have been shy to share it, but then he wondered if it wasn’t the quality of the music about which she was reticent.  John knew he was no expert, but he knew what pleased him and the piece was pleasing.
I crouched in front of him and looked up into his face.  His muscle tone was slack, his eyes barely open, his breathing shallow.  Shaded by his curls, I couldn’t judge his colour.  I seized him below his shoulders and brought him to a more upright position.  His skin looked grey.  Where my grip had tugged open the collar of his shirt, I saw his torc hanging down either side of his neck, its silver scales tarnished, its jewelled eyes closed.  A band of fear constricted around my heart.
Sherlock pictured spinning the silk, anchoring John to the bed.  The boughs weren’t strong enough to hang him there.  He would not wrap him up completely though.
It’s the best way for me to learn things.  It’s the hard way and yet it’s the one that works best for me.
She looked down, fell to her knees and wrapped her arms around him.  If she cried out, it must have been softly, because I heard nothing.
I glanced up at the gallery and caught Mrs Hudson watching us.  She looked very cross.  I held out one hand and gestured as though I was moving a bow across my arm.  She nodded and turned away.  The tuning of instruments got much louder.  There had to be at least a dozen of them.  I wasn’t sure how they were all fitting up there.
The thought had stopped me in my tracks for a moment.  I had turned in a full circle in the front hall.
Behind me, Mrs Hudson closed the front door.  I heard a bolt slide shut and the sounds of the street disappeared.  I looked back.  The inside of the door was not ordinary.  Its surface was deeply carved with flowers and fruit.  Half-hidden faces peered out from amidst the wooden foliage.  Above them the glow of the streetlamp illuminated the frosted orb at the centre of the fanlight.
I stared down at the gnarled roots.  A pair rose high from the ground at the base of the trunk, almost like the arms of a chair.  I covered my mouth.  “I’ve sat here.”
“Yes, yes, of course,” I managed to say as my mind drifted back to those first meals at Holmeswood Manor.
“We’ll have a proper sheath made, but for now, we may have to improvise.  This one is to be worn inside your clothing.  This one’s not for others to see.  She’s always a surprise.”
He set the case on the coffee table, sat on his bed and ran his hands over the scuffed wood, the chrome fittings at the corners, the worn leather around the handle.  It looked remarkably like the case he had had as a child, right down to the uneven “W” scratched into the side of the handle.  He unlatched a clasp. The second one resisted.
The swan clacked his beak and stared upwards, waiting.  The fog drew closer, glowing above the glassy water.  He lowered his wings and drifted with the current towards his island.  He climbed its reedy bank, paused at the top and took one last, long look at the empty sky, then disappeared amongst the trees.
Sherlock sat up.  I curled around his hips, bit gently at the swell of his arse.  It was likely to be an interesting case, but not one that couldn’t wait a few more minutes.
…in this mansion of gloom I now proposed to myself a sojourn of some weeks. Its proprietor, Roderick Usher, had been one of my boon companions in boyhood; but many years had elapsed since our last meeting. A letter, however, had lately reached me in a distant part of the country—a letter from him—which, in its wildly importunate nature, had admitted of no other than a personal reply. The MS. gave evidence of nervous agitation. The writer spoke of acute bodily illness—of a mental disorder which oppressed him—and of an earnest desire to see me, as his best and indeed his only personal friend, with a view of attempting, by the cheerfulness of my society, some alleviation of his malady. It was the manner in which all this, and much more, was said—it was the apparent heart that went with his request—which allowed me no room for hesitation; and I accordingly obeyed forthwith what I still considered a very singular summons.
“But what would be the point of keeping the parcel and adding a new layer every two or three decades?”
The scarlet mist glowed at the edges of my vision.  I felt my nostrils flare as I breathed in, heard the faint whistle as I breathed out through parted lips.
Sherlock raced down the stairs and started walking west on the towpath, John a few steps behind him.
I turned my attention to pouring a cup of tea, but I think I was flushing.  They certainly didn’t chafe.  It was a bit more like they caressed.
Somewhere in the telling of the Morrows’ tale, I had lost the gloom that suffused my own portion of the saga.  I had not thought of the Morrows since Holmes’s return, and recounting their story to him hadn’t clarified my understanding of it one jot.
“If the pot is such an important ingredient in the brewing of a potion, why isn’t it mentioned in the recipe?” I asked.
He made a dismissive noise and dropped the envelopes back on the mantelpiece.  "You can leave those here," he added, pointing to the weapons.  "They need to go back to the armoury.  I sterilised them in the autoclave at Bart's while you were sleeping.  Your dagger and the bolts, too.  The harpoon's still embedded in the beast in the freezer."
John looked up from his notebook so quickly, he almost swept it off the table.  A variation on the hackneyed line of ‘who are you and what have you done with my…’ Sherlock, flashed through his mind.
Sherlock turned and I turned with him as the windows were being opened by liveried servants I could not identify from where I stood.  I knew who was directing them, however.  Gesturing as though he were conducting an orchestra, Wiggins stood underneath the gallery sending subordinates here and there with silent signals.  Glass doors were secured against the embrasures.  Small wooden steps were drawn up to the window seats, the cushions rolled up and carried away.  When the to-ing and fro-ing subsided, a view was revealed that fit nothing I had seen from pavement or roof or on any foray in the Manor’s grounds.
I shook my head.  Beneath the table, I inched one of my stockinged feet forward until it was on top of one of his bare ones.
The door opened on the gloom of the foyer.  Against my thigh, I felt the rippling muscles of a powerful shoulder as Chapalu slipped past me.  She veered sharply right.  Baskerville whined at the mirror into which she had disappeared.  I stared at the mighty trunks of trees between which she weaved until a low-lying mist had obscured her form and only the reflection of my wondering face and Baskerville’s mournful one remained.
“That was rather nice,” I said, holding my arms out and rotating them a little and twisting my wrists.  I rubbed my fingertips over my palms.  “It felt…”  I considered my hands.  “I’ve felt…”
My stomach rumbled again.  This time I laughed.  It really didn’t suit the role of paramour.  “I still don’t get it.”
“Mostly.  Now and then there’d be a song I really liked and I’d play it over and over, faster, slower, with a little improvisation, until Harry would threaten to kill me.”
I sank back in the chair.  “That was the most wonderful meal I have ever had,” I said.  “Does Mrs Hudson do all of this?”
“Well, that was a waste of our time,” Sherlock said as the cab pulled away from the National Antiquities Museum.  “Rule of thumb, halve Lestrade’s estimates of the complexity of a case.”
Wiggins was by the door, arms full of clothing.  “Don’t bring your tray down; I’ll come back for it.  They’re mad in the kitchen now, knives and pots flying about.”
The horse’s hooves found the ground between the people then he leapt, his harness gleaming, his hooves glinting in the firelight.
“It would be a terrible breach of etiquette to bite a member of one’s host’s household and I doubt anyone would be so crude…” Sherlock said.
“It did cross my mind, but the Actors’ Guild would have lost two further luminaries if they are,” I replied.
Even with a jumper over my shirt, I shivered.  There was a cool draught flowing through the brick-vaulted tunnels as if doors that were normally closed had been opened.  I walked faster.
Sherlock leaned across me and helped himself to more knives.  “My parents are usually oblivious.  At least they give the appearance of being so.”  He leaned back and started tossing the daggers into the air and catching them.  The polished metal caught the firelight.  Their rising and falling arc glittered.  “It’s not a path many take.  People are so impatient.  I thought my parents might overlook what we’ve been doing…taking the long route as we have been.”
“We have many secrets here,” he said.  “That can be one more.  I’ll order ammunition for a SIG-Sauer P226R.”
“Good,” she said and put the swan pot to one side and picked up another shiny one.  “Bronze, this one.  Very old.  Served us well.  Particularly good for battle injuries.”
I turned the instrument over, considered it from all sides.  Its pipes were made of hollow branches in gradually decreasing size.  The bark had been stripped away and the wood oiled.  The joins where smaller twigs must once have grown remained, like knuckles on fingers. The wood of each pipe was a different shade.  They were bound together with a thick string of coarse, twisted fibres.
“I could’ve solved that case from Baker Street if they’d sent me the list of the first pieces they realised were missing,” Sherlock grumbled.  "Could have accessed their personnel database from there, too, and not bothered their Human Resources Department."
I was looking for signs of excess opium usage, but what I saw chiefly was fear.  Holmes’ careful questioning would, no doubt, draw out of what precisely.
Sherlock ignored the question.  “Lost interest in the contents of the box, then?” Sherlock said, taking it from his pocket and juggling it between his hands.  “I could toss it in the lake.”  He twisted in his seat and took aim.
“The gates are locked, we’re far enough from the streets here and our flying friends won’t tell,” Mycroft replied.  A score of nearby moths swooped towards him at the reference, circling his head like a halo.  Mycroft smiled beatifically.
“You are correct, but Henri used the leitmotif in a symphony as well.  That, however, will not be part of the programme.  They are not played together because of the similarities, but I predict that in the future they will be studied together for that precise reason.  It is fascinating what he did with such a simple melody.”
“And that’s when you began seeing the man,” Sherlock began, “no…you’d seen him elsewhere before, hadn’t you, Ms Swann?”
“The woman in the embroidered cloak, who’s drifted off in her husband’s…or lover’s arms.  The ones with the pale grey horse tied to a tree behind them and a fire to themselves.”
The dark wood rippled like water.  A shark-like creature skimmed below its surface, soundless and huge.   I felt the thud of its impact shiver through our boat.  Water sluiced from the hump of its silvery back as it turned to ram us again.  I saw its empty eye.  I aimed low.
I nodded.  He smiled against my ear, kissed it once, then twice beneath it, then lower still.  He sucked hard at the flesh at that juncture and his hand tightened on me.
“That’s fine,” I said, “I’d like that, but she didn’t mention it.  It was something else she told me.”
The area around the bed pulsed a soft blue-green, John most brightly, a constellation of turquoise bites.  Sherlock flattened a palm against John’s chest.  The skin was warm, heart beating below it, each bite a pinprick of heat on its surface.  He wanted to draw out more of the sweetness, taste it again, on his lips this time.
With a long exhalation, Sherlock stretched out by John’s side.  He fit the hollow of his cheek to the curve of John’s shoulder, rested his forearm beneath John’s buttocks.  “They had the last piece.  I thought I could be in and out and gone before anyone realised I’d been there.”  His fingers tapped patterns on the side of John’s thigh.  “I got impatient.”
Wiggins and Bert slipped past us with their bundles of oak branches under their arms and their torches held high.  Archie and Charlie had already strode forward with theirs.
Sable wings opened and closed.  Six feet clung to the edge of the brick.  Two antennae felt the vibrations upon the breeze.
The impact lifted my side of the boat.  I gripped with my knees, leaned up and over the gunwhale and saw that empty, deadly eye below me.  I released the bolt.
Holmes had moved to the door.  He pulled the bell.  When Billy came bounding up the stairs, he was sent to fetch a cab.
“That’s the last of the ‘interesting’ ones,” he replied, opening the door and dropping the files on the passenger seat.  “He’s bemoaning the lethargy of the criminal classes up there.”
“There might be some basis for Corvus’ description of ‘a pestilent and mystic vapor’ about the house,” I added.
“No, thank you.  I should not,” Corvus replied, taking off his hat with that same fluidity of motion I had observed from the window.
I leaned over the bank.  Lacy tendrils of green floated just below the surface of the water.  They were a lighter green than the plants at the foot of the river stairs.
I halted, clasped both my hands about the willow and hefted it to my shoulder like a club, eyes flicking to left and right.
John raised an arm, curved it cautiously around the fine, dark jacket.  He could feel the warmth beneath the fabric, the solidness of the hips.  A hand settled over his, the thumb stroking back and forth.
John took out his mobile and passed it across the table.  “The first photo is from this morning.  I took another just before I came down to dinner.”
We had reached the edge of the woods.  The cool of the shade welcome after the bright sun of the sward.
I hadn’t been sleeping much since the preparations for this ball had disrupted our life far more than Lestrade and all the wayward beasts of London ever had.  I ran the back of my fingers down his cheek.  He’d shaved, but his hair looked as though it hadn’t been combed in days.  I hadn’t seen him sleep at all.  He shuffled closer, rubbed his forehead against the side of my stomach and wriggled one arm behind my hips.  It wasn’t the best position in which to take a nap, but he was drifting off and if I roused him enough to get him to stretch out on the bench, he was likely to leap up and return to his concocting.  So, I buried my fingers in his snarled curls, leaned back against the cushions and let my eyes roam over the mysterious chamber of the apothecary.
I heard the gate bang shut.  I sagged against a firm chest, closed my eyes and took gulp after gulp of air.  I knew that fragrance.  Slowly, my stomach settled, my head ceased to spin.  I found my legs, opened my eyes and looked up.
She smiled.  “Oh, from time to time he sleeps a whole day and night through, but many’s the day he only catnaps on that sofa for an hour or two or even not at all if he has a particularly interesting case.”  She poured some water from a jug and motioned for me to eat.  “I always worry when he goes away on his consultations that he won’t bother to sleep or eat.  He comes back so pale and drawn.”
Sherlock was still staring at me.  “I was.  There are old ovens there used for melting lead to pour on anyone attempting to scale the walls.
“’What are your questions?’ she asked me and I was confused.  Had she thought that I had questions for Isa, too?
With his extended fingertips, he eased the ootheca forward into the sack.  “It appears to still be closed,” he said.
Sherlock opened his hand, palm up.  There were three berries on it: another raspberry, a blueberry and a blackberry.
"Someone got lazy and dumped them in the river instead or someplace that empties into the river.  They weren't caught and so kept doing it," Sherlock explained.
It was a lovely view.  The clay was dripping down his arms and legs, leaving wet tracks that glimmered in the silvery light.  I looked about.  There was the small table with a tea tray, my moon blade waiting beside it.  The candle had burnt away, as had the ones in the sconces on the walls.  In their places, white orbs glowed, like so many miniature moons.  They bleached the colours from things.
“Except for this,” he said.  My moon blade dangled from his hand.  “And your dressing gown…” He dropped the chain over my head.  “…and your slippers.”
A nervous titter in front of me clarified matters.  Culvert stood at the edge of the circle, jingling a little to my left, face lit from below on one side by the border glowing green at his feet, and on the other by the silvery blue light of the adjacent quadrant and the line leading from where Sherlock stood to the edge.
He said not a word, but signalled to Corvus’ driver, who pulled away from the kerb at his sign, then Holmes turned to usher me into the open door of the waiting hansom.  Before climbing in after me, he spoke to the cabbie.  The clop and clatter of the afternoon traffic kept me from distinguishing his meaning.
“Oh,” she said, “here I am going on about twists and turns to you with all the changes you’ve just had.”
The envelope was thick.  When I picked it up from the floor, even with my less specialised knowledge, I could tell the stationery was fine, more cloth than paper.  The flap was sealed with black wax, imprinted with a bird.  Upon turning it over, I saw that it was addressed to both Holmes and me.
John did the same.  Overhead, the sky was navy blue and the stars were visible.  In the east, the aura of pale blue was spreading, the bands of white and gold intensifying, their light doubled in the water.
I laughed.  “No one, I hope.  It’s for the liniment I’m supposed to let simmer over the fire while I play that tune you’ve been admiring.”
He shivered again and rose, rubbing his arms.  Silent-footed, he limped to the open window, steadied himself on the windowsill.  He lifted the sash higher and leaned out into the bracing air.  A light blinked green and the halted traffic growled to life below him.  On the opposite footpath, pedestrians winked in and out of existence as they passed lighted shops or the dark facades of more diurnal enterprises.  John shook his head and drew in a breath.  Sylvan dreams fell away.  The moon crested the housetops, bright and full.  John ran a hand over his face.  Roofs and chimneys cast shadows on his shirtsleeves.
“Too often overlooked in diagnosis,” I said.  I had not overlooked it.  Murray had suffered no complications.
I would have objected to his holding it at all if it hadn’t so quickly been back in my grasp.  Sherlock had given it me and it had served me well.  My fingers tightened around it.
“I didn’t know this could happen."  His hand hovered above the scored flesh, his eyes measuring each perfect angle, the length of every exact line.  "How could this have happened?”  He bent closer, his breath cool on the healing skin.   “I am so sorry...although...it may have been this that saved my life.”
It was gone one in the morning and I had spent more than twelve hours in the library when Baskerville had nudged my hand with his lead in his mouth.  Sherlock had not lifted his eyes from his microscope when I asked him if I should take the dog’s hint, but merely waved a hand at me, said Baskerville would show me where he preferred to exercise and that the key to the house worked for the gates to the park.  All of them.
“Madame Willow let out another, even longer exhalation.  ‘Isa said that he floats now.  He has no worries or fears to weigh him down.  He is neither happy nor sad.  He craves nothing.  He said he will understand if you do not wish to seek him out when your time comes.  He is at peace.  He craves nothing.  He misses no one.’
“I was.  It was after my last exam.  I'd stayed up all night revising, came home in the afternoon and collapsed on my bed.”  I rubbed my thumb across the back of Sherlock’s hand.  “I wanted to sleep for a week, but Mike came home and woke me up.  It was closing night for his girlfriend’s play, she’d given him two tickets and he didn’t want to go alone…and his girlfriend had a friend in the cast…”  I gripped Sherlock’s hand more tightly.  “He made me coffee and eggs and toast.  I was starving as well as exhausted and after gobbling up the food, I hated to say no.”
