Tony just thought of being back in the void again and he nearly whined at the thought. He grasped both his and Steve’s cocks and rubbed them together, frantic for the release he thought he had lost. Steve rutted his hips forward, greedily encouraging the touch.
“Devour me, Captain,” Tony commanded. His other hand sat on the back of Steve’s chair, totally encaging him with Tony’s form. Tony leaned in his breath, mingling with Steve’s. “I want you to consume me.”
Peter went to take a step back and his mother’s hand shot out and grabbed his arm. Peter yelped when her grip bit painfully into his forearm.
Peter ignored him and his uncle tried to jump in his way but Peter jumped even higher and flew right over him. He followed his nose to the center of the blast and ignored his uncle’s cries.
He entered the room and his eyes were drawn to his sketchbook. He quickly went to it first and drew out the page he had sketched of Howard. The image of a young Howard Stark would hopefully provide further evidence.
Tony stalked to the back of the plane and gave them no warning as he punched the release and opened the back door.
“...You know, technically I am not supposed to do anything inappropriate while in uniform," Steve murmured to his mate, knowing exactly what he intended.
Tony’s expression crumbled and he embraced Steve tightly. He sarcastically wept, “It’s ironic that the time traveler can’t seem to find enough time?” Tony buried his head in the space between Steve’s neck and shoulder and then wetly whispered, “I would have gladly spent the rest of my life with you…”
“I can make a wish!” Peter whispered excitedly to Steve as if it was a grand secret. Tony pulled back the cake and began to cut it.
Steve’s misery was so strong that it made Tony sad just looking at him. But as they stared at each other, something else grew in Steve’s gaze…hope?
It sounded right and wrong. His heart unclenched and was starting to race. He gasped, “I think you were close.”
Peter turned to him and whispered, “You told me I am strong…but, I can’t be strong if I know you could be hurt because of a stray thought that Venom would perceive as dangerous.”
Steve stood and said, “Tony’s already destroying himself and Peter is trapped in Venom. I really think Tony will pull his act together for Peter. You’re Tony’s best friend. I know you will be there for him when I cannot.”
Tony did as she asked and grabbed the box. He went to the bedroom as if in a trance and Bucky was waiting up there for him. They both stared at each other and Tony was still too shocked by his appearance to really process the fact that he was actually standing there.
Natasha rolled her eyes then turned away from Clint and she stared at Steve with a renewed interest. Steve squirmed under her stare and could not look her in the eye. Natasha leaned in and he tilted back.
The strangest change was how Tony acted with Bucky. One day he wouldn’t be able to meet his eyes or hold up much of a conversation with him and then the next day he’d go above and beyond to help Bucky out.
The pleasant expression she wore melted off her face to be replaced by one of indifference. She slowly lowered her hand as she listened to his footsteps as he got further away.
Another Hydra agent stepped forward and frantically stated, “We brought you here when the base came under attack! We were hoping to use you to fight them off! We used the –!”
Peter twisted in his hold and also looked at the clock. He stared at it for a moment and then whispered, “Wow…I’m exhausted…”
He took a long shower to clean off all the excess sweat and as he stepped out of the bathroom, he noted the beauty of the golden sunrise.
“Forget about themmmm,” Venom hissed and Peter forced himself to look away. Venom easily pushed the thoughts aside from Peters mind. Had Peter been in the right frame of mind, he would have been freaking out over Venom’s ability to sway him but Peter did not care, which was probably also caused by Venom.
They had a quick breakfast with the team but neither of them ate much…in fact, no one ate much, even Thor. The Norse God spent most of his meal polishing his hammer and glaring in the general direction of the coffee pot.
Tony leaned into his side and punched his arm lightly. He teased, “Steve was a little ruffled from the
“Come back with a hearty appetite,” Tony said with a cocky grin and Steve felt himself flush again. Yet his flush was no longer from embarrassment but exhilaration. He wanted to keep touching Tony and feel his lips on his own again. His earlier misgivings and embarrassments seemed silly now.
Natasha looked to her soulmate and he stared back without any emotion. For once, she and Tony could agree on something.
Peter burst out laughing and Wade smothered Peter’s laugh with his lips. He speared his tongue into Peter’s mouth and Peter throatily groaned. Peter curled his hands into Wade’s shirt and wildly returned the kiss, making it filthier. Wade tested the waters and let his hands creep under Peter’s shirt a little.
He gave into his vices, he created new weapons, and went wherever Obie pointed to get him more money.
Also life is demanding more attention so I may not be able to get this out on a weekly basis. I will try though! But don't be surprised if you don't get an update within a week! I am still writing! It's just going to be more time! I won't leave you guys hanging!
He shifted slightly to get a better look at him and Tony’s head shot up. He dropped his tablet on the chair and was instantly at Steve’s side as soon as he saw him move.
Tony wouldn’t do it. It was an empty threat. He knew Steve wanted to avoid more attention from the media. It was bad enough when they found out one of the Avengers had a child. The Tower had been surrounded by reporters and none of them could leave the building without getting accosted by the media. Now that they knew Peter was his, he knew all their attentions will be focused on Steve and only Steve. He could not imagine what would happen if they found out he was gay too. He could see their numbers tripling, maybe even quadrupling...Then again, it might be too late to prevent that detail about himself from getting out.
“Well, I beat you to it,” Peter replied smartly. Wade was extremely tempted to add in how close they were to beating each other off too but declined to add that in favor of keeping his balls. They were very nice balls and he liked them exactly where they were thank you very much. Though Stark looked like he was seconds from ripping said balls off as it was…
Wade threaded his fingers through Peter’s and gripped him more securely. He retorted, “Baby boy, I won you over with lame-ass jokes, or did you already forget my amazing pickup lines?” He turned to Steve and said, “Sir, it would be an honor to hear your one-liners.”
Peter groaned then went ridged. His blue eyes shot open and latched onto Tony. He gasped in a tiny voice, “
Natasha was right behind her mate as he ran down the hall into a volley of bullets. She too was hit but she kept running. The pain did not matter. Something was wrong with her mate and she had to help him.
Bucky lowered the gun, his arm shaking. Steve looked to his side and saw a crater in the wall beside him. He then immediately looked to Natasha. She too turned to him and he was surprised to see she was also uninjured. She stepped back from the wall and he saw the space around her was peppered with bullet holes.
When the punching bag crumpled to the ground Steve growled with frustration and was tempted to stomp down on it.
Steve wearily lifted his head to meet Thor’s gaze and looked at him questionably. The Norse God had been hiding across the street and had been Steve’s backup in case Venom became too much for Steve.
Harry ended up leading them to his father’s study but stopped dead in his tracks when he saw the door was closed. He gasped, “We can’t go in there.”
Natasha punched him square in the nose and blood splattered her face. Their implants beeped as their flesh violently touched for the first time (she was wearing fingerless gloves). They both ignored it.
“No, only the cold room and a medical locker are down here,” he replied, his eyes glued to the door.
He clutched his head with a groan and grabbed onto Rhodey to keep from falling over. Rhodey demanded, “Tony, you okay?”
“I’ll be out in a moment!” Peter yelled to keep his aunt at bay. To Wade, he whispered, “Want to finish the moment?”
One of the first promises Steve had made to him was to keep his secret. Tony trusted him more than he trusted anyone else in his life so he
“…I’ll save you, Pops,” Peter promised in a whisper. Mary closed her eyes as a new emotion ran through her.
Tony smile too and he leaned in to privately whisper, “Jarvis’s chips are probably smoking right now.”
Tony kept slyly glancing at the Winter Soldier as he did his research. Bucky was engrossed in the information. Last night he may have started only looking into it for the “mission,” but now there was a fire in his eyes, a need to
The Goblin threw back his head and laughed. Steve warily watched him, waiting for him to attack but the Goblin seemed to be in a talking mood. The Goblin sneered, “If it were not for me, the boy would not be alive and he would not have been gifted with such amazing powers. I gamma-radiated the Arachnid DNA myself. For as long as he lives, the boy will always be
“He lasted longer than I thought he would,” she stated with a smirk. She nodded to the food on the table beside her and said, “We’ll start eating.”
At first Mary, listened but made no comments with a hard look was on her face. But then Ben mentioned Peter’s love of science and told her about his inventions and an amazing change took place. Mary’s face opened up, she actively listened, and began to ask questions. She began to refer to Peter by name or as “he.” She made no more mention of him being an “it” or a monster.
Steve peeked out from behind his hands as Tony leaned into his side. Tony lay one arm across the back of his shoulders and the other over his abdomen. There he fiddled with the end of his uniform and lightly caressed the skin of his hipbone beneath. Steve scowled at Tony. There was no need to be so familiar in front of Pepper, especially after what she just walked in on.
His mind flashed back to that pivotal moment when he decided to pick up his crying son and the bullets hit him instead of Peter. If he had not done that Peter may have been dead right now. The very thought tightened the muscles in his throat with dread and he squeezed Peter as if to reassure himself that he was still there.
Bruce’s eyes became so large that they looked like they were about to pop out of his head. He gasped, “You…You are…and it was with a gamma radiated…” Bruce’s eyes focused on Peter with a renewed interest and he surged forward, grabbing both of his hands. He gasped, “You have to let me run some tests! The properties in your blood alone should be astounding!”
Reminder for Graphic Violence and AU tag! This isn't going to be like Captain America: Winter Solider or other Cap cannon! :)
The last time he was awake he had given up. The last few tendrils of hope that held Peter together snapped when Venom returned to him. Venom had broken him. Peter had accepted that fact. He was not happy about it but he knew it was what he had to live with. Peter had ignored his extra sense when it screamed at him to run away and now he was to pay the price.
Tony and Pepper hovered together over an empty counter debating who to invite. The lab had been mostly cleared out so Tony could concentrate solely on Peter's birthday. The bots had even been given cheap party hats and DUM-E somehow got one of those straw-paper blowouts. The bot had no lungs so it could not properly use the party favor but it still swung it around excitedly.
Steve’s heart went out to Tony and he instantly reached for his communicator only to find it gone. He must have lost it at some point when Venom ate him.
Steve ran his fingers through Tony’s hair and murmured, “Probably because I hadn’t fallen asleep yet.”
“I can speak for myself,” Bucky stated, making Steve and Tony twitch in surprise. They both looked down to Bucky but he refused to look at either of them. He peered blankly at Steve’s leg, tightened his hold, and said, “Ever since I saved Steve, so many memories have been coming back to me and then when I saw Natasha…I-I just need to understand…” He let the rest of the sentence float away, leaving Bucky the only one to know what he was searching for.
Tony paused in his kisses just as he reached Steve’s waist and rubbed his face into the rough hair above his cock. His neck touched his penis and when he hummed Steve nearly came right there from the vibrations. He shuddered as the most powerful need he had ever felt ran through his system, concentrating where ever Tony touched him.
Bucky dropped his duffle and wrapped his arms around the back of his neck, drawing Steve closer into the kiss. Steve melted into him and dug his fingers into Bucky’s scalp.
“What am I going to do without you?” Steve gasped into his embrace one day, finally revealing what he was being so tightlipped about.
Thor spared him from having to make such a decision. He shot after Hulk as soon as he leapt and hit him before he landed on Tyler. They collided with a loud clap akin to the roar of thunder and Hulk was thrown off course, tumbling to the ground and through a wall. Thor yelled out a battle cry and chased after him to fight to keep Hulk back. In the other room, Hulk roared in rebuttal and then the only thing Steve could hear was the clangor brought about in a fight. He prayed no one was in the room with them because they most certainly would not survive the ensuing fight.
Tony wasted no time getting to his workshop but paused as he regarded his latest suits up and ready to go. Mark 18, 19, and 20 were all lined up along the wall but…
And then there was Bucky. Where did he go? What if Hydra recaptured him? What if he got hurt or accidently hurt someone else?
Tony tried to ignore the fact that his father’s face was hovering only a few inches from his and kept his eyes on the dismantled Hydra ray gun in front of him. Panzer assigned him with the task of replicating its power and Tony readily jumped at the chance of understanding objects connected with the Tesseract.
As the prosecution was wrapping up their questions, Marcel leaned in and whispered in his ear, “Don’t worry. I’ve got this.”
“Think about it, guys. If people find out about time travel, how are they going to react? And how many more are going to look into making their own time machine when they know it is possible?”
Steve chuckled and leaned in to steal another kiss as he buttoned up his shirt. He reminded Tony, “No clothes will get in the way on that island you’re taking us to.”
“I hear it is hell to live on without your soulmate,” Schmidt stated. “Tell me, do you miss him? Is being apart from him worse than what I put you through?”
Tony’s head snapped over to the voice and his eyes focused on Steve. His heart dropped as his mind connected the dots.
He did not know what Tony was thinking of all of this. He was silent about it and only spoke when inquiring about Steve’s health.
A SHIELD agent, probably checking to see what all the noise was about, opened the doors to the waiting room and peered questionably at them and his aunt cursed under her breath. Peter ignored the man and looked beyond him into the room.
But, in actuality, he was trapped in the cage with her too. It wasn’t the fact that they were soulmates was what trapped them…It was the Academy. Natasha’s wings were whole but his were already clipped and he was trapped. By staying with him, she risked getting her wings clipped too.
Tony's eyes nearly bugged out of his skull and he choked down the coffee he was about to swallow. His groggy mind woke up with Steve’s statement.
“A lot of supes will be there,” Wade murmured with a shrug. “I can just be another one in the crowd.”
Tony elbowed his stupidly grinning fiancé back, but Steve chuckled and then wrapped an arm around his shoulders which Tony snuggled into without complaint.
“Maybe I’m just using it as an excuse for you to baby me,” Tony flirted, leaning in with puckered lips. Steve let himself fall for the bait and kissed his luring lips.
Peter’s face broke into a huge and happy smile. He let out an excited yip and pushed a hug upon Wade that was strong enough to knock him over. They laughed and Peter pressed smiling kisses onto Wade’s mouth, making their teeth click more than their lips meet.
As the evidence was presented by the state’s medical examiner, Steve watched the juror box. His stomach curdled as he saw doubt begin to flicker in their eyes.
Steve looked down at Tony’s waist and was surprised to see he too was aroused. Feeling a little better, he uncrossed his legs and let out a relieved sigh. It
Tony’s mind was scrambling to come up with a solution but, even if he had the future’s technologies, he was blanking.
, was like a blow to the gut. He could not imagine the horrors of two skyscrapers falling would have been like. The United States was still whole, at least, and had gone through a lot of change.
Coulson hung up with a scowl. Stark had to create this nightmare right as his alpha team moved into the city to search for Cap. He rubbed his forehead and the thought pacified him slightly. They’ll find Cap soon.
When he finished there was a hiatus of silence. Steve opened his eyes and looked to each person, finishing on Tony. They all looked as wearied as Steve felt.
“No,” Tony replied stubbornly. “Everyone is somebody. You have a life outside of running down the PCH and jumping into mansions to save devilishly handsome, eccentric billionaires.”
Tony looked at Steve in a whole new light. It had never once crossed his mind Steve could be attracted to the same sex. Tony had ogled him in the defrosting chamber but he hadn’t expected any form of reciprocation…Tony internally shook his head to clear it before it started leading him to more lusty thoughts. He could admit there is an attraction to Steve there but, the man himself was so uptight that he couldn’t get any tighter. He needed to loosen up a little before he got into bed with Tony.
He didn’t let himself think about his mate or that every day brought him closer to meeting him or her (Yes, at this point in his life he experimented and determined he could easily go both ways). Whenever his mind strayed to this kind of thinking, he’d go to his lab to distract himself from these heavy thoughts or imagined punching the person in the jaw.
“Good morning,” she said as she closed the door behind her. She smiled as she glanced at her watch and said, “Or should I say afternoon?”
Steve smiled happily at him and drew him into another kiss. His hands were much more delicate since he now knew about Tony’s wounds but he pressed his mouth into Tony’s with just as much vigor as before.
Steve and Bucky had teamed up against Peter and Wade playing pool. Clint was their referee and was making bad calls on nearly all their shots. Bucky and Wade looked like they wanted to stab the archer with their pool sticks but Clint was smiling without a care. Tony and his couch buddies were placing bets on who was going to break a pool stick first. Tony bet on Bucky, the Winter Soldier’s metal grip usually tightened in his ire.
Bucky had not looked away from Natasha and her weapon since they entered the room. His expression was oddly speculative and he whispered, “I…know you.”
“I know, but if I don’t divert this everyone in the city will be dead,” Tony reasoned. “Steve, I’m…I’m sorry. I…I love you, beloved.”
But, once that burn was gone, Tony dropped his gaze and stared guiltily at the glass bottle. Everyone thought Tony had been sober for the last two years but none of them knew about August 20
Tony shook his head and whispered, “Neither of us can change our fate. The dreamworld is currently much, much more preferable to the cave I’m currently stuck in…and we are squandering our valuable time away talking about things we can’t change.”
Fury put his hands on his hips and sighed, “Good, let’s hope it stays there for the foreseeable future. You two need a freaking break.”
Bucky stopped his pacing and stood over Steve’s shoulder, peering down at the inventor with a tense demeanor.
She sat Steve down at the counter and had him start to sign the first of many dotted lines. They worked quietly and Tony hovered in the background. The billionaire kept staring at Steve as if he was waiting for him to spontaneously combust.
Steve squeezed his hand and whispered, “And I will probably be a nervous wreck the entire time they are operating on you...”
Tony grinned, remembering all the fights he and Pepper got in over Iron Man and his reactor. She had wanted him to retire but here was Steve sarcastically telling him to protect himself but not worrying over the fact that he was mortal or that this was dangerous. It hadn’t even occurred to him to ask Tony to stop wat he was doing. Pep was right, Steve did love both Tony and Iron Man.
They took comfort from each other’s warmth and, for several minutes, shared a silence that neither had to ponder over.
Alarms were blaring, bullets were bouncing off his skin, people were yelling and screaming all around him, and the newly built building of SHIELD HQ was crumbling beneath the Goblin’s fists.
“Sir…I have tried to delay as long as possible, but Fury is threatening to storm the property. The agents he assigned to watch for a possible Hydra attack on the mansion saw Captain Rogers enter and SHIELD is now demanding answers…” Jarvis stated, breaking their kiss a little earlier than Tony would’ve liked…
“Yeah…” Tony got a sad, far away look in his eyes and he smiled lightly. He murmured, “Yeah, he did…”
Tony rolled his eyes and gave her an annoyed look. When his eyes fell back on Steve they warmed and the flush returned, making Tony’s eyes drop to his chest. He murmured, “So …Steve…Here we are.”
She lightly touched the door and whispered in a promise to the boy beyond, “I will save both of you.”
Tony also continued Steve's education of sex and Steve's knowledge grew. His body learned new sensations and, in turn, he learned how to give erotic touches back and make Tony moan with abandon. His virgin inexperience evolved into a self-assured intimacy. Sex originally made him uneasy because he never knew what to expect but Tony helped him learn to be excited by it and it brought him closer to his boyfriend in ways he never could have imagined.
In the dream world, one never grew tired. So Tony cried and cried and cried until the darkness took them both away.
Steve wasn’t entirely convinced but he needed to speak to Peggy. He murmured, “Peggy…You should sit down…”
“Of course, but –,” the other replied but got no chance to reply as Father Michael snatched the keys off the wall and threw their stolen keys at the other.
The man hurried away, only to return with his superior, a woman with a scowl and wire rimmed glasses. With her scowl routed firmly in place she stated, “I strongly advise against leaving right now. You were shot twelve times, Captain.”
Bucky reacted to that. He lowered his hand with the broken vase in hand, but he still stood stiffly like he was ready to spring into action again at any moment.
Tony jumped out of the kiss exclaiming, “Dancing!” He ran out of the elevator and double checked that the area he had cleaned out earlier was free of debris and was glad to see Dum-E hadn’t gotten to it yet.
Everyone piled into the elevator to go down to the ground floor and then home but Peter stopped himself. He wasn’t going down anymore. His life was upstairs now. Another reminder that he literally and figuratively lived on a different level than everybody else.
But Tony did not let go. Steve stumbled forward a few steps and Tony slammed to the ground, shouting out in pain when his arm bent at an odd angle, holding onto Steve.
James adjusted the coat around Steve’s broad shoulders and whispered, “This is real. I am real. Natasha is real. You are real…” His dark blue eyes flickered up to Natasha’s and he whispered, “
“Remember to not eat them off the blanket,” Steve murmured as he handed over the circus-themed box. Peter gave up on the toy and eagerly grasped the box and easily tore it open. Steve reached over and picked up the Iron Man figure and folded his legs and sat him next to Peter.
“There should still be a Hydra safe house here,” Bucky murmured, slipping off the bike without looking at Steve. He avoided the front door and went around back.
Steve looked down. He and Peter locked eyes and, without another word needed, he gathered his son into his arms and held him tightly. Peter did not complain about being picked up in front of his friend like he usually would. Instead, he wrapped his arms tightly around Steve’s neck and asked in a whisper, “Could it really be her, Pops? Are-Are you sure Hydra killed her?”
Reading between the lines, Coulson’s eyes trailed over Cable’s cybernetic limbs and then slowly stated, “But it is not the first meeting for you?”
Tony leaned against the wall and groaned. This wasn't going to be the only damage to the Tower. It had been at the epicenter of the battle.
“You did a very poor job in concealing it,” Norman retorted icily. “Your son introduced himself as Peter
He wanted to feel more to life than simply living. He felt his eyes heat and his lips trembled and Peter whispered, “Yes. Yes, I would like to very much…”
Steve grinned as he imagined the scene and said, “Great. So that’s our beginning. I always knew you were bi and when you were single I finally mucked up the courage to ask you out.”
Peter stopped fighting Venom and joined Venom in pushing Steve away and, with their combined power, they escaped the super soldier’s grip.
Peter smiled to himself as he thought of Dad, Uncle Bruce, and Harry. A ray of hope cut through his depression as he remembered that the three of them were instrumental in bringing Peter back as well.
He heard them start to run, their breathing picked up as they did. There was another blast and Tony yelled, “Get her and go outside!”
Tony knew the scandal to be fake as soon as he heard it. Steve was his best friend. He knew the man better than himself and he
Tony landed on his behind painfully and he ripped the flailing octo appendage off of his neck. Peter took the opportunity to sucker punch the doctor and the man’s “superior intellect” was no match for Peter’s physical strength as he fell back unconscious from one hit.
No one had entered the plane upon its discovery. They waited on the diagnostics team to do a scan to make sure it was safe. The Red Skull planned to destroy several cities and for all they knew there could have been radioactive materials onboard.
Peter chuckled when he saw the screen and murmured, “I can still smell roses in the sheets sometimes.”
“In 16 hours and 23 minutes, you’ll be one step closer to your friend and away from Hydra,” Father Michael stated with conviction.
When the video ended, Tony tipped his head back into Steve’s chest so he could meet Steve’s gaze and grinned at him. Tony excitedly stated, “We’re not too late!”
With Tony’s hands linked behind Steve’s neck, the older man asked, “So, it has been three days, have I sufficiently wooed you, yet? Are we going to go through with this?”
“Dad…Pops…please disregard everything said in the last thirty seconds,” Peter said in a muffled voice as his hand still covered his face.
Maybe this won’t be so bad…he was going to lose a lot of friends…but the few who were going to stand by him…those were the ones he’d want by his side in the end.
Wade’s “Sunday best” consisted of an old suit. The legs were black and the top was navy and he wore a tie with teddy bears. His infamous mask was sticking out of his pocket. Peter chuckled as he took in the entire outfit.
They stumbled to the bed and kicked off their underwear. They frantically kissed and rubbed against each other, like they could be brought back to the battle any second.
They made love with more passion and kissed until they needed to speak and told one another that they loved each other so much that it was practically in every sentence.
From his place on the floor, Peter’s head snapped up sharply upon his exclamation. He narrowed his eyes at his father. He knew Steve had said a ‘bad’ word. Steve shot Peter an apologetic look as he pulled out his cell phone.
“I am fine,” Steve murmured. He stiffly pushed himself up and asked, “How long have I been out?...And please don’t tell me Peter’s seen me like this.”
“Alright, it was a little reckless…and is that Jarvis?,” Tony retorted, shifting beneath him. His hips rubbed into Steve’s as he scooted up and Steve inhaled sharply as the innocent act translated into something much less innocent to his body.
“Yes,” Steve replied and he picked Peter up. Peter slumped over in his hold and curled into his chest with a tired yawn. Peter mumbled incomprehensible words into his chest and continued to refuse to open his eyes.
Panzer gave him simple things to fix so he was done in a jiffy leaving Tony with endless amounts of time to just think and imagine…and
Wade snorted and Peter was grinning as he continued, "And I love spending time with you." Wade's snorts stopped and he looked at Pete with wide eyes. Peter continued, "I love your jokes. I love your personality. I love your smile. I love your laugh...I know you don't want me to say it but...I love everything about you...I think...I think I may just be falling in love with you..."
“I’m not going to let Tony die,” Steve whispered apologetically and gently dislodged Bucky’s ironclad grip.
Cable gave him a quick basic lesson, on how to use the laptop and the internet and even found him some headphones to be able to watch videos without disturbing Cable and then Steve was searching in no time. He first looked up information on the end of World War II, like Cable had suggested, but, as soon as the other man was immersed in his work again at the table, Steve wrote Tony’s name into the search bar.
Iron Man started to fly back to them, making Steve smile and he broke his eyes away from Tony to see who was trying to get his attention.
“…Is this one of the Captain’s?” Coulson asked passively, lightly pulling the sketch closer with the tip of his finger. He kept his expression mildly interested to hide his true reaction to seeing one of Cap's originals.
Tony’s eyes circled wildly around until he locked on Steve. His face was ashen but his eyes were strong as soon as they focused on him.
He couldn’t even call his friend to tell them how much he loved and appreciated them because Obadiah took his cell phone right as Pepper was calling him.
The room was circular with machines that circled the room in layers. It kinda reminded him of NASA’s setup where they had rows of terminals, each with its own setup, designed to complete a specific task. NASA had their setup done in classroom lines, with all of their stations, facing one direction. But this room was set up in a Socratic circle, with all of the terminals facing a giant structure in the middle. So naturally, Tony went to the center.
They both were on edge and did not like not being able to do anything. Time seemed to move slowly as the Sinister Six were defeated and rounded up.
Tony smirked and returned the baby to his side and pressed a kiss to Steve’s lips. He murmured into Steve’s mouth, “Let’s take our first family photo.”
Steve pulled off all of his clothes, most of it he’d probably throw out in the morning, and slipped under the covers with a sigh. It was a little dusty but Steve barely noticed. The mattress and pillows still molded to the contours of his body and made him feel like he was floating on a cloud. It felt so nice to be laying down…
“Alright, I’ll meet up with you in the cafeteria…” Sam said, backing up a few steps watching him before he finally turned away.
Tony looked up and down the hall quickly and then pushed Steve into the wall. His mouth smothered Steve’s confused gasp and any fears Steve had floated away as he felt Tony’s excited pulse and responded to Tony’s frantic kisses. Tony broke their kiss and whispered harshly into his mouth, “I’ll have you in several positions by the end of tonight, I can promise you that.”
Peter followed his father back to the penthouse and they had lunch with Steve. Steve was smiling proudly at both of them the entire time and Tony had to poke him a few times before he finally cut it out. With Peter’s feelings still so raw, it felt refreshing to relax with them.
Steve unload the fridge of all the needed supplies and covered the counter in lunch meats, bread, lettuce, and other much needed condiments. He was putting together a turkey sandwich, obviously for Peter as it was his favorite, when he paused and suddenly stared intensely at Peter.
They were in some kind of ratty hotel room. Steve lay on top of a queen sized mattress and Bucky crouched in the corner of the room on an ancient looking desk. All the lights were off and the only source of light came from the single window between him and Bucky.
His hand returned to cup Tony’s face and Tony leaned into it and lightly kissed the side of Steve’s hand. His lips were wet and left an imprint onto Steve's flesh. Steve’s cock twitched and he froze.
Unsurprisingly, the charges against Steve were dropped and Tyler was arrest for attempted murder and a number of other charges, including falsely accusing Steve.
Steve jerked up straighter in surprise and Peter’s eyes nervously shifted between Steve and Tony. Tony froze with his eyes flickering back and forth between his boyfriend and son.
Peter placed the beaker onto the counter beside him and then stated, “Can you please take off your mask, Wade?”
Peggy was silent on the other line as she considered his words. Howard tightened his grip on the phone and then whispered, “Can you tell SHIELD I’ll take the protection…I need to be with my family right now…”
Tony held his gaze, revealing nothing for a few seconds before finally breaking his emotionless façade with a smirk.
“Ultron hijacked the media networks so everyone already heard his dastardly plan. And basically, the entire world knows you’re a damsel in distress now,” Wade teased.
Steve had caught a glimpse of the picture and knew it was one of the newer ones. Peter was in Steve’s arms and was playing with his Iron Man action figure. It had been one of the first toys Tony had given him and Tony took a photo as Peter enthusiastically played with it in Steve’s arms.
Natasha rolled her hand under his hand and carded her fingers through his. She felt him jolt with surprise. She played it off as nothing and murmured, “I’m still not going to call you ‘teacher’ anymore. Hurry up on remembering your real name.”
Natasha jerked herself out of Thor’s hold and retorted, “We don’t always get what we want.” She spun around and shouldered past Tony and left the room.
“Howard won’t wake him,” Peggy assured him. Steve turned back to the woman and she continued, “You haven’t seen it, but he’s changed a lot since he found out Tony is his son. He knows he needs his rest and will not disturb him…”
The quiet, seemingly abandoned town was now busy with activity and soldiers began to set up a perimeter and the villagers were jumping from soldier to soldier (and from what Tony was able to translate with his meager French vocabulary) they were asking questions about their mission or the state of the war.
They had been cuddling on the couch. Tony originally was sitting there, 'watching' the news but, in reality, was thinking dark thoughts about his son's silence. Steve seemed to have been able to read him and provided comfort in the best way he could.
Steve turned to him. He forgot he was there. He was there the entire time, sitting on the floor, in front of the TV. He saw the house be destroyed. He heard Tony over the speaker on his phone. His form was blurred in his vision but he could tell Peter was paler than usual and trembling.
Instantly, old black and white photos and the dozens of images Steve had sketched came to mind and dread coiled in Tony’s throat.
“Sure,” Tony replied and they fell into step beside each other. Tony’s hand instantly was drawn to Steve’s…He wanted to hold it.
Tony slid off the counter beside Steve and said, “We are going to take a trip.” Steve handed him one of Sam’s shirts and he slipped it on over his head. No longer half naked, Tony turned the laptop around to face everyone and said, “We’ve got a location. The flash drive is directing me to this signal coming out of New Jersey. Which, is not a good hiding spot for Hydra or this Winter Soldier character. I mean
Steve did as commanded but eyed the device uneasily. Tony ran it over his face and he felt the plastic pieces glide painlessly over his face but never felt the blades as his hair fell away. The razor buzzed loudly in his ears, but Steve never really noticed it, too entranced by his fiancé. Tony’s eyes were on the razor and held the same kind of intensity for the attention to detail as when he worked on a delicate piece of machinery.
Natasha was just about to make her escape when the Soldier did the impossible: he knelt down to one knee, a vulnerable position, and grasped her hand. With one powerful tug, he pulled her over the edge and she scrambled to her feet. The Soldier remained kneeling where he was but watched her with a critical eye over his shoulder.
Steve winced as he thought of Solo. Tony got him a good defense but he was still going to get jail time. Steve wished there was something more he could do for his wayward friend. He nodded to Pepper’s question and said, “That was how Tony and I initially met.”
Steve smiled gratefully at him and Peter looked away, still unsure how to feel about him being there…
“Don’t apologize, Steve,” Tony gasped. “This is the last thing you should be apologizing for!” Then more silently to himself, Tony murmured, “Thank God for the serum.”
The two men exchanged credulous looks then the doctor pulled another small device from his pocket. It was rectangular like the SatPhone but sleeker. He tapped at its smooth screen and it lit up. He said, “We do not get newspapers up here but I do have a calendar on my phone.” He held it out to Steve and asked, “Is this proof enough?”
Steve nodded and excitedly got to his feet. Cable held up his hand to stop him and Steve paused in confusion. Cable reached into one of the satchels on his waist and pulled out the card he’d used the other day to pay for the food. He held it out to Steve and said, “To eat and to buy some clothes for yourself. I have a change for myself here, but you don’t and you’re starting to stink.”
Tony placed his hand on Steve’s thigh and the words dwindled in his throat as he stared at his friend’s voracious gaze. Steve instantly felt caught by it and gulped.
Steve and Tony traded dark glances and Steve’s opinion of Norman went down another peg. Scary? What kind of emotional abuse was the man putting his son through? Once this business with Mary was settled Steve need to make a sort of intervention for the Osborns.
Steve’s voice trailed off but Jarvis easily guessed what he was asking, The AI stated, “It is the combined forces of the Goblin and Venom.”
“Fury assigned her to be your new handler and I thought this ‘private’ moment would a good time as any to introduce you,” Coulson explained.
Peter slid the photo out of the album and held it up to the light. From that moment in the past, his father unknowingly smiled at him. Peter searched his father’s face, looking for anything he could call his own but saw nothing.
“Yes, please,” Tony all but groaned. He couldn’t help but yearn for the bed he’d shared with Steve. He glanced at the man and saw Steve already looking at him. His eyes also reflected a similar yearning.
He lightly tapped his arc reactor in his chest as he remembered his father’s other notes being the very thing that had saved his life from palladium poisoning. After that, Tony had figuratively devoured everything his father had left behind, absorbing all the information he could.
Ultimately, he just chalked it up to being another oddity of the future and closed his search on gay marriages. He opened the art app on the tablet and the last picture he had been sketching automatically opened. It was of Tony bent over his suit, making minute repairs. Steve stared at the image, taking in Tony’s muscle tone, and then flushed.
blue color. And then I saw your smile, and I instantly needed to smash my mouth against yours because it was so hot.” Wade's mouth broke into a smile and he ducked his head to laugh. Peter lightly began to caress his face and whispered, “I never once thought you ugly, because, to me, you aren’t…”
The Soldier felt sick. He was going to vomit. There was no stopping it but he could delay it long enough to separate himself from the others so they would not think him weak.
He’d recovered memories in his weeklong stay in his cell but they were parallel to his confinement. He remembered being trapped, hiding in tight spaces, or the constricted clutches of
“His body was in severe disrepair when he returned to this era but, he is fine now,” Jarvis replied and Steve let out a breath of relief.
“Hey, Cap, lookin’ sexy as ever,” Tony slurred, brushing past him as his workshop appeared on the dreamscape in messy, watercolored splatters.
Wade kneaded Peter’s slickened muscles in a gentle massage and Peter seemed to melt into his arms with a moan. Wade chuckled and moved around Peter to better dig his fingers deeper into Peter’s shoulders. Peter’s head fell forward as Wade worked his magic and Peter murmured, “I never knew you could do this…”
It sounded as if he reciting a story so she continued it by whispering, “And James means everything to Natalia.”
“Another lifetime,” Tony murmured, brushing off his old feelings. He was grateful to Wade now. The man was good for Peter.
Anyone else would have been insulted but Steve just smiled sadly at Bucky and whispered, “He made me whole. I just did not see it until it was too late.”
“Yeah,” Eddie replied uneasily. It was probably obvious that something was wrong between Peter and Tony. Eddie continued, “Um, yeah, I’ll…I’ll see you later. Hem. Nice to – uh – meet you, Mr. Stark.”
Tony took them to his mansion. It was nicknamed the Avengers’ Mansion by the locals because it was where the team usually went to unwind. It was still in New York City but the building was not a regular house by any means. It was three stories high and was the size of a city block. It was not near the hustle and bustle of the city center but it was close enough that Steve doubted the paparazzi would not stay away.
“I won’t let him,” Natasha swore. She grasped his arm and promised, “I won’t let him touch either of us again.”
“It was just this one night,” Tony whispered into the white tile. “It won’t happen again…not for…” He paused, how much was he willing to say. Should he lie again? Could he lie again?
They were sitting on the railing to the Brooklyn Bridge, eating their meager lunches, while cars and commuters passed by. The ocean breeze was hitting them at just the right angle so they wouldn’t have to smell the stink of the city or the cars’ exhaust.
“I could easily shoot out those air conditioners on the roof. They would never know it was foul play. Just a sliver of metal will be needed and in less than an hour they’d all be toasting,” Clint suggested.
Something happened. Something that they had been dancing around for weeks but, whatever it was, they had leapt away and now were warily circling each other.
“Not unless Auntie Nat wants us to,” Steve replied. His son jutted out his bottom lip in his replying frown.
“Steve is not a SHIELD agent,” Ben reiterated for him and stood with Mary. “He is an Avenger. He helps everyday people and has saved the world countless times.”
“I know you don’t,” Steve whispered as he rubbed his back. Peter shook in his grasp and Steve felt totally helpless.
Peter’s mind instantly went to sex and he flushed like a virgin. He was no virgin, hadn’t been for years but, he’d
, the only movie he could think of at the time that wasn’t a war movie or too violent. Bucky was quiet throughout the movie, but he didn’t look away from the screen either, so Tony interpreted it as the man enjoying it.
Steve held onto him tightly, probably too tightly, hurting Tony in the process but Tony gave no word of complaint. He guided Steve down the private walk until they reached the end that opened up to the more public part of the studio. Steve and Tony separated just as they planned. Steve dropped his hand to his side while Tony stuffed his hands in his pocket. They did not want any premature photos or tweets to be released just yet.
He tried the church doors and was not surprised to find them unlocked. He cautiously entered the building and then dapped his finger tips into the holy water font at the entrance and made the sign of the cross before entering the rest of the way. The church was old and ornate like all the other churches he’d been to. The church itself was something untouchable to time, maybe he could get some support here like he used to in his past.
Steve traced the side of his face and whispered, “Having you here in my arms feels so precious. It still feels like just yesterday you were dead.”
When the Sinister Six appeared, Steve unconsciously gripped Tony tighter. Tony made no comment on the added pressure and leaned into Steve and pulled him into a half hug.
Tony's eyes warmed with the endearment. He lifted his hand and cupped Steve's jaw as he whispered, “Good morning, beloved.”
“Yes,” was all Wade was able to encourage. He was so close too. He began to pump himself faster and Peter’s stroke picked up momentum too until…
This time, Tony felt the jolt created by Thor’s arrival as it shook the entire room. He sat up sharply in his chair and looked wildly around him. It had felt like a small earthquake, and had rumbled the entire room like one would
There was a light tap on his shoulder and Pepper whispered, “…Guys, we never really discussed coming out but I think you two just did it.”
Iron Man flew at Venom with no abandon. Tony usually did not follow battle strategies but his current fighting style could be considered suicidal. It wrenched his heart in two to see Tony throw himself at Venom. Tony did not know Peter was inside Venom and he did not know Steve was alive.
His weak legs slowly collapsed beneath him and he sunk to his knees, his eyes never leaving the portal…but Tony never appeared.
“You know,” Natasha commented dryly. “The female body has a number of sensitive zones and you are currently not focusing on any one of them.”
Black tendrils began to wildly hit the ceiling, looking for the speakers to destroy them just as the symbiote had done with Peter. Steve could clearly read Venom’s intentions. The symbiote planned to destroy the speakers, keep control, eat whatever Avenger it could get its hands on, and then hunt Peter down to the ends of the Earth.
When Steve entered the dream, the world itself seemed to explode from the super soldier’s very body and then settle into the landscape of their favorite balcony in Malibu.
…It was the only thing I had let change…We’re not going to be together anymore, so I don’t know what more I can do to change back the future…”
He bent down and picked up a duffle bag sitting at the foot of the bed. It clinked lightly as the weapons inside moved with the momentum.
Did the others begin to suspect? Were they wondering why Tony did not act like a typical solider? Or did they attribute it to the eccentric nature usually found in the 107th mechanics?
They scrounged up a brunch from whatever remained in the pantry and snuggled up together on the couch to eat their meal.
Tony placed the arm on his counter and, as his back was to him, Bucky breathlessly asked him, “Is all of this real?”
None of them had a chance to react other than inhale sharply. Wanda raised her hands, her fingers quickly shifting – and…
“Do not say anything, Captain,” Coulson murmured into his ear, as everyone else held back the people. “We spoke with the precinct’s Captain and he assured us you do not need to come in and a detective will come tomorrow to question you.”
“You clearly have never been to a barn,” Steve replied with a roll of his eyes. He leaned against the bed next to Tony and peered down at his precious son with a tender smile. He whispered, “I can wait another hour.”
Steve watched him inhale the coffee with a pinched expression. He asked, “Is it true that you rarely sleep down here?”
Pepper turned on her heel and she sported a similar flush to her cheeks as Steve. She focused her frown on Tony and Tony smirked as he stated, “Alright, why did you feel the need to use an override code to speak to me, Pep?”
“Will it be private?” Peter asked, remembering all the cameras and camera phones he’d seen since entering the building. It would be strange for a lone intern to be suddenly seen hanging out with the Avengers.
Howard’s eyes pinched and then slowly opened. He saw Steve and his brows crunched together. He grabbed his head and groaned, “Cap? What happened?”
Bucky waited for him to reply. Tony had assumed Bucky would try to fight his way out but…he was just standing there “ready to comply” with Tony. Tony stumbled over his words as he asked, “Ready to comply? Are you – Are you waiting on orders?”
When the pain from the shrapnel burned into his chest, Tony instantly looked to his implant. He had a little over three years left until he would’ve been able to meet his mate. As he watched a few seconds pass, all Tony wanted to do was survive, survive and meet this person who was fated to be his other half.
!” Gibbons gasped as Sneaky stepped out of the tree line, seemingly from out of the very darkness of the shadows. He jumped to his feet and dislodged Steve’s hand from his shoulder.
His son spent the first two years of his life in a Hydra lab being experimented on. Steve wished almost daily that SHIELD had found Peter's mother before she gave birth to have saved her life and spared Peter. Steve was supposed to be a superhero but, with all his strength, he could not save Peter from the emotional scars he had received.
“No need,” Tony replied. “I usually have to replace it whenever Bruce Hulks out or Thor visits. I am more shocked by the fact that Mr. Perfect Virtues and Values had a kid out of wedlock, nonetheless had sex!
Tony fell forward and wound his arms around Steve’s torso tightly. Tony wept into his chest, “I originally wasn’t going to just save Bucky…”
Venom sat on him, disguised as a black sweater. Peter had used it to cross the city in his Spidey uniform and it worked marvelously…which probably added onto his lateness because he paused a few times to pose with some tourists.
Bucky lifted his head and looked to him. He smirked and said, “Well aren’t we two peas in a pod, tiptoeing around each other, trying not to hurt the other when all along we are trying to tell the other the same thing…”
With his heart in his throat, Wade stated, “I…I…When Ultron had you…All I could think about was us and how I never did the one thing you wanted practically since the beginning of our relationship…”
He missed Steve and the rest of the team…but he also missed Pepper, Happy, Rhodey, and his life in the future…
Breathing shallowly, Steve slowly lifted his head. He looked first to the Red Skull and then slowly turned to Tony and Bucky. Schmidt wanted him to inject himself and Steve would do it in an instant if it meant saving Tony but…
Steve dropped his head and pressed his fingers into his eyes to hide his tearful despair from everyone.
Peter cupped his face with both hands and leaned more into his lap and Wade was happy to oblige the movement.
Ms. Potts eyes searched Steve’s face and Steve could not but help feel sad for Tony. Was that true? Was he really unable to connect to people and make friends? He was such a good guy…
“When you were sleeping, I purchased you a bus ticket,” Father Michael stated. That made Steve open his eyes and look to the man in shock. The priest was grinning and said, “I even paid for it in cash and under the alias, ‘Michael Stark.’ I did it as a joke but seems were in the middle of an action movie right now so good thing I had fun with it!”
It was not too hard to hide it from everyone, even Steve. The first year in their relationship, Tony said he had to go to California for business and Steve, his wonderfully trusting boyfriend, believed him. Leaving Tony to feel like more of an ass as he guzzled down his three bottles of vodka.
Tony grasped his collar and murmured, “Come here you bandaged up idiot. I am freaking in love with you too.” Tony kissed him and Steve fell into him. The content feeling he thought he had lost after Tony left settled back into place and he knew it was there to stay.
Steve led the way, picking up his pace as he walked and Wade was right behind him. Vision helped Wanda up and they too follow Steve.
Arriving on Tony’s floor, Steve cautiously stepped out of the elevator and his nose picked up the smell of spicy meat.
The sound of her voice roused him. He woke in an instant with his dark blue eyes snapping open to their fullest. His eyes focused on her and they widened slightly with recognition. She laughed wetly and uncovered her mouth to smile at him.
It’d take him twenty minutes to get down there, at most, so it left him with a lot of time to chill.
Flushing, Peter perked on eyebrow at Wade for his obvious wandering eyes, particularly at his rear end.
Peter grabbed the back of his neck, almost like it pained him, and he stated, “You do not know what you are talking about.”
Even a demon from Hell could not destroy the friendship he had with Harry. Their bond was eternal and could withstand anything.
. It meant there was still a small chance of finding him and Tony was big on accomplishing the impossible.
She was Steve’s age, had wispy brown hair, and wore a white lab coat like Harry had described. She was in a large lab, much like the one Bruce had, as it was built more around the biological sciences. In front of her was a black microscope and a multitude of paperwork. She peered into the scope with a frown and whatever was on the slide seemed to be troubling her.
Steve repressed a sob and, with a shuddering breath, reminded himself that he and Cable were going to fix this. They were going to the past and they were going to save Tony.
Peter opened his mouth to scream for her to run but Venom overtook him again and once again consumed Peter’s would-be-savior.
Steve hands twitched toward him want to hold him and apologize. He stopped himself but felt torn between who he wanted to be and…what he assumed wanted.
century. As he told his tale, Tony was attentive and leaned in with bright eyes and an excited smile.
He had to admit, he loved Tony but hated how he did not take care of himself. He always put his projects or others before the morality of his body and one day, if Steve was not keeping an eye on him, he was really going to hurt himself. Steve knew he could not ask Tony to stop, it was too ingrained in his personality to do so, but he hoped he would one day he would see that Steve wanted him safe and healthy and he would make an effort to do so. Steve was already seeing changes. Tony slept with him regularly every night and always ate when he did. He no longer had bags under his eyes and looked generally healthier.
“We can only stay a few minutes,” his dad eventually murmured apologetically. “We’ve got to get into position and secret in the priest from Steve’s church. Got to be very hush, hush. It’s going to take forever. And being secretive means I have to be quiet,” Tony moaned the last bit.
Tony scrambled to the edge and reached out to Steve and Steve reached out for him but he was too slow. Steve’s finger’s caressed the metal of the storage container then it was gone and his grip only met open air.
He was a tactician. He knew when people were looking for you, it was never wise to stay in one place for too long, but he had assumed he’d be alright with just one day in one remote location.
Steve picked up Tony’s limp form and held him tight to Steve’s chest. If Tony recognized him it was all over. They’d not only have changed the 21
The memory of the bullet that was shot into his living room flickered through his mind. Tony and Steve had been making out. It must have been what Bucky was referring to. He asked, “You saw us then?”
He held Tony’s face and had been peering at the smudges of grease that had been there for days and dark circles under his eyes. Steve grumbled to him about not taking care of himself and Tony just smiled at him like he usually did.
“I-I don’t speak much Russian,” Steve replied, breaking his eyes away from the technology. Steve knew how to say “Hello, I am a friend and ally” in Russian but that was about it. Steve was too memorized by the technology behind the man to actually say it. The man paused before him and his eyes widened slightly.
Tony grabbed both of his biceps and gasped, “Steve, I thought you were dead until ten minutes ago! I cannot handle seeing you getting hurt or chance you dying
“Oh, yes,” Tony gasped, Steve wasn’t sure if it was in reply to his statement or the feel of his lips on him.
So, with the next posting, may be the last with a really long chapter or it might be extend it to 15 chapters!
“You won’t have to live in your fantasy world for long,” Mary retorted. “I wouldn’t be surprised if the Avengers already killed him.”
Peter wanted to relax in bed with Wade all day but it was his birthday…and he was at the Tower. He was surprised Tony hadn't barged into his room yet.
With his face pinching to hold back his tears, Steve swooped down and pressed a quick, hard kiss against his mouth. He didn’t prolong the kiss to let Tony breath but he did embrace him tightly.
“Tony is covering his tracks,” Natasha stated, turning back to him. She explained, “He’s gotten his hand on a computer and is hiding himself from both SHIELD and the Mandarin. He wants the world to think he’s dead… Though I do not know if he fooled the Mandarin…”
A crease formed between her brows and she whispered, “They destroyed his remains, took me, and listed us as MIA. Then…” She bit down on her lip and whispered, “They did things to me Ben. Cut me open, injected me with God knows what, they hurt me but the worst part was…was that it was all just so I could give birth to a monster.”
Steve had somehow convinced himself that Rhodes was helping him. He had tried reaching out to the other soldier and received no reply so he assumed he was with Tony. Steve ground his teeth. He had assumed wrong. Tony was still working alone.
“So we should just do that,” Tony concluded with a shrug. When Steve and Bucky stared blankly at him, Tony explained, “We get the dynamic duo to spar and this guy steals a kiss again.”
His heart flipped in his chest and the all too familiar feeling of attraction ran fervently through his blood. It was a familiar feeling he never thought he would feel again toward Bucky. It was that familiar feeling he had shared with Tony…
“I’m coming, Tony,” Steve swore and raced down the sidewalk in the direction of the hazy ocean in the distant horizon.
“I will be back,” Steve promised and Ben carried him away. When he disappeared from view, Steve released a choked breath.
“So…It’s nice to see you,” Tony interceded awkwardly. He flashed his charming smile then said, “I don’t know if you remember me, I’m Tony Stark, and this is my husband, Steve Rogers…but you probably know that.”
It was just after 7 am and he would have gone back to sleep for a few more minutes…if it weren’t for the alarming number of notifications on his phone.
Tony sighed loudly and then whispered, “I’m sorry this happened. I can try to rein it in. Right now it is only speculation. Richard was my cousin. We can spin off our similar appearances to come from family relations and not father-son relations.”
He held up his hands, letting the glow from his repulsors illuminate the room. Dust was everywhere, casting the room with a strange grey tone, accented by the light blue glow of his repulsors.
“Natasha, you should not let him remembering me before you convince you that he did not love you. He has no control over this but he’s remembering you now. He remembers his feelings for you and I can see it!”
Tony was using every ounce of mental strength not to take a drink, not even a single shot of liquid courage. Tony knew where exactly in the lab where his hidden alcohol was and the knowledge burned into him like an old Scottish whiskey. Despite his dry mouth and tight throat, Tony was not going to inhibit himself in any way.
“I know,” Steve whispered. He hugged Tony and buried his face into the armor of his neck. He repeated, “I know…”
The bafflement in his voice drew Tony’s eyes. What had he been expecting? Anger maybe? Not shock—especially not the quavering in Captain America’s voice…He never wanted him to make such a noise again.
Tony watched his son smile and lean into Wade. Their hands were almost always connected and they both looked so happy that Tony felt like an idiot for not noticing it sooner.
“My dad and I were just talking about the possibility of us coming out to the media,” Peter stated. The blood drained out of Wade’s face and Peter quickly added, “We were just discussing the possibility! I wanted his opinion in the matter! He’s like a master when it comes to knowing the ins and outs of the news media.”
“You and the others, you’re all wrong,” Bruce stated and Peter’s eyes widened in shock. Bruce smiled sadly and reached out and lightly touched one of Peter’s hands. The tense appendage relaxed slightly beneath his touch. He stated, “We’re both innocent and guilty.”
Steve didn't resist in the slightest and even relaxed into his hold as Tony gently embraced Steve. Tony cupped Steve’s jaw and then rose up on his toes to kiss the taller super soldier. Steve didn’t hesitate and met him halfway. As their mouths connected, they both closed their eyes and their senses became overwhelmed by the presence of the other. Steve’s body pressed against his, his fingers digging painfully into his flesh, the slide of his lips, the taste of him…
He sprinted to Steve’s room as fast as his stiches would allow and Thor followed, his expression made serious with Tony’s haste.
Clint’s face crumpled and Natasha’s eyes flickered with a nameless emotion. Steve knew it looked bad. He and Bucky had been together the entire night and they found them lying together on the mattress, nestling like lovers. Steve flushed with shame and pushed himself off Bucky.
Tony was pissed but he did not let his anger burn through into his voice as he stated, “They’re assholes. How did you get away?”
Despite his high emotions, Steve’s heartbeat was steady as he stalked toward the lab. Compared to the Goblin, the Chameleon would be no match for Steve.
“Cause you are a big boy,” Steve whispered as he crossed the living room to the kitchen. “What do you want, Peter?”
Steve reflected back on the moment. Steve had been thinking about how happy he was and he saw the same joy in Tony’s eyes. It just happened after that. He had no explanation for it. His body moved on its own and he almost gave into his hidden, immoral longings.
Before Tony could dissect his words, Steve fell upon him and water flowed away from him in all directions. Steve’s entire body was submerged up to his neck. Steve’s mouth was instantly on Tony’s stomach, tasting his skin and refining his muscles with tiny bites.
Steve was surprised by the obvious admiration in Peter’s voice and, for a second, he felt it…what it meant to be a father – to have someone look up to him not because of him being a superhero but…because of their relation…because they were family.
Steve sat at the counter and ran his hand over his hair again. He waited a beat then voiced the question on the tip of his tongue.
The thought came to immediate stop. Bucky was alive but he did not remember Steve or their friendship. He was the Winter Solider now and Steve had not seen him since they had last fought, months prior. He had tried to search for him but Steve found no trace of him. Thinking of him made his heart ache. He had secretly loved his best friend but had always quashed the feelings. Steve pushed his sad thoughts aside and refocused on their discussion.
At this point, Peter was sobbing and whatever he was gasping was coming out as unintelligible nonsense.
The courtroom was larger than the one he was in for the preliminary hearing. As Steve stepped in, his eyes spanned upward to take in the high ceilings and as his eyes came back down he met the dark gaze of the one person he did not want to see.
Tony stumbled over to the bench at the table and watched the video with rapt fascination. Steve placed himself behind Tony and wrapped his arms around him. He buried his nose in Tony’s dark hair and breathed him in. He inhaled deeply and tried to engrain his husband’s scent into his nostrils.
After applauding the graduates, everyone filled out of the amphitheater and headed toward the ballroom for the afterparty celebration. The voices of family and friends buzzed loudly in the halls and Peggy surprisingly stated, “He almost looks like the Tony we first met. It is so strange to see him
He wanted Bucky too. He could not deny it just as he could not deny his heart from beating. Yet, at the same time, he was awash with horror because of his love for Tony. He was in a relationship with him and should not be feeling such things toward another, no matter their history!
Tony wanted to shut Steve up by sealing his mouth over Steve’s. He wanted no tension between them and wanted Steve to embrace this. He didn’t understand why he wouldn’t accept it!
“Brother,” Hulk repeated but this time his voice was layered in sorrow and recognition. He smelled Peter somewhere in the shadows of the monster.
Both Bucky and Natasha looked blankly at Tony and Tony groaned, “Right KGB code of silence, got it…Now if you will just give me that, Natasha…” Tony leaned across the counter to grab the tiny metal box.
“You two clearly missed New York and were so excited about taking this trip so, I thought, why not make a home here too?”
He hadn’t heard Natasha’s light step and didn’t notice her presence until she was gently pulling back his hair to keep it from getting dirty.
Steve smiled and tightened his hold on Tony for just a moment before pulling back and letting him go. Steve replied, “Everything is alright. I have an alibi and am not under arrest.”
Steve gripped Tony tighter as he nestled the invention between them and his heart welled with both joy for his husband choosing the toy over the alcohol and heartbreak that Tony was so drunk that he actually had to make the decision.
. I know exactly what he can do…” She shook her head and then whispered, “I will not let him do that again.” Her gaze spanned the entire group and she added, “To any of us.”
Tony gently grasped his outstretched hand, taking comfort from Steve’s touch, and whispered solemnly to Steve, “If I don’t, I’ll die within the next few minutes…I need it to survive.”
Steve, meanwhile, was pale. All the blood had leeched out of his face and he was staring at the hand Tony just touched like it had betrayed him.
She knew he was traumatized by what had happened but, going on what limited knowledge she had of human emotion, she equated her emotional guilt to being the worst thing a human could ever feel and assumed that it was the worse Peter would feel. She assumed all he had to deal with was the same emotional turmoil and she knew it to be manageable, horrible but manageable.
Peter went through a dark period after Pops’ death. It was filled with self-hate, despair, and grief that burned him to his very core. He refused to talk to anyone at first. It was only after the funeral, after he saw his dad in similar pain, did he reach out to his family and begin to heal.
“I’ve got a heart condition so there will be a murmur and I smoked a fuck ton as a kid, so my lungs are probably trash too,” Tony quickly said. “The results will be shit.”
It had been Tony’s favorite movie when it first came out because it had been about a ghost who would not leave his soulmate’s side until she was safe. He always compared it to their predicament. Steve nodded and murmured, “Our movie…”
“WHERE IS PETER?!” Wade screamed over all of their voices. They all turned to the mercenary and, with his eyes overflowing, Wade painfully gasped, “
Bucky’s eyes flickered up to meet hers. His gaze was pinched with pain and confusion and he hissed with feeling and effort, “
She had never been in this particular building before but James moved through it like it was his childhood home. He knew where guards were waiting or alcoves for them to hide in. There were not many bodies on this side of the building thanks to the Avengers’ attack but any that they did come across did not stand a chance.
Wade’s spine tingled with fear when he heard the frighteningly familiar huff of an angered Hulk. He collected Peter close to him as he turned and saw Dr. Banner had indeed changed and had focused its vicious green eyes on the now frozen Brock. The Hulk was huffing like an angry gorilla and the hall behind him emptied of SHIELD agents as they scrambled to escape the dangerous being.
With a painful hiss, Tony forced himself to sit up. His muscles protested at the movement and all of his wounds felt ten times more painful. He was gasping for breath and he whispered, “Jarvis, amplify my voice for a moment…I’m fine, Steve!” Tony said, his voice louder thanks to Jarvis. “Keep that guy off me! I’ve got to put in the chip!” Steve nodded, though he was clearly clenching his jaw in upset, and focused his attention back on the Soldier. Tony scanned the area and asked, “Where’s the chip, J?”
Smiling widely, Steve rose up to meet his kiss, gripping his hips tightly and pressing Tony down onto Steve's already growing erection.
Tony clapped Bucky’s arm and stated, “I expect you to have a long lecture prepared for him about how bad it is to take such a long nap because seriously, seventy years? What was he thinking?”
The redhead shifted her attention from the retreating form of Nebula to Tony. Natasha didn’t answer right away. The silence between words never bothered the former spy. She regarded Tony with a neutral expression; neither interested, nor concerned, nor sympathetic.
“I don’t know,” Tony raised his voice, trying to strongman the conversation in his favor, “I’ll improvise. There’s a galaxy full of technology out there. And I got Nebula and Rocket here-- I can figure it out,” he hissed at the other man.
After Ultron, Tony was relieved that Jarvis had evolved into an actual walking and talking person. Vision was different from Jarvis, but the voice, the humor was the same. He even had memories that the AI would have experienced. Jarvis lived on in Vision. During the Accords situation, listening to Vision debate the moral implications of the team in a highly intelligent and thoughtful manner was like watching his child graduate college.
He waved a dismissive hand to indicate Steven’s traveling garb, still covered in dirt and dust from the road. Servants swarmed forward, following Howard’s cues and hustling Steven out of the tent. Anthony hastened to follow, hoping to catch a moment to be able to confront Steven about this insanity. He fell in beside him as the group made their way to Howard’s tent, which was not at all far from Anthony’s own.
Steven seemed unfazed by Anthony’s completely legitimate defaming of his chosen defense system, just chuckling in amusement.
There were a million things Anthony could choose to say, coy teasing to expressions of admiration and gratitude. Anthony had spent too long running circles around what he really wanted, though.
“And I know,” Steven interrupted, “that we cannot be married in the eyes of our people, but… I would become one with you in Yahweh’s eyes. I would take an oath to bind our souls as one, without hesitation. Besides,” a small, hopefully smile broke across his face, “if we get married, it’d give me the perfect excuse to shower you with gifts. Cheese, for example, or perhaps an extremely fine robe imported from Egypt.”
“Enough,” Howard commanded tersely. “I have made no decision yet. If there is a great battle, many of our people will die. He is right about that much. If one of our own could face him, then it could save many lives.”
The Philistines had arrived just an hour past Steven’s departure and set up camp on a hill on the opposite end of the Valley of Elah. Anthony stood at the edge of the Israelite camp with his father and stared off into the distance at where they could just barely make out the movement of the opposing army settling in.
Howard was silent, watching Steven with quiet contemplation, and Anthony wanted nothing more than to throw himself at his father’s feet and beg him not to allow this, to send Steven away and allow Anthony to face Thanos instead.
They broke apart, then, barely able to tear themselves away but knowing there were things that needed to be done. They mounted their horses without comment and rode out with Howard and the guards.
“My hospitality was given without any expectation of repayment, but thank you. You must know you are always welcome in my tent.”
Steven laughed with him as though they were friends, railed again injustices as though they were age-old comrades. He showed a familiarity with him that, slowly but surely, was working to crumble the walls Anthony had spent nearly his entire life building up. It would have been quite worrisome, in all honesty, except that Anthony felt quite sure Steven wasn’t the type for subterfuge or even subtlety. He was far too straightforward and blunt for that. It was so wildly different from most of those who Anthony was used to interacting with that he found himself, time and again, just smiling at Steven as he told tale after tale of his life.
Anthony signaled for the man to bring his as well and they, accompanied by a moderate guard, were soon riding out to confront the solitary figure making its way across the valley toward their camp. As they approached, the figure grew larger and larger. They reigned in their horses just five meters away and the man, for it was a man, also stopped. Standing in the grass in nothing taller than a pair of leather sandals, his head still drew level with Anthony’s own.
Some more shit goes down later on in their story, including King Saul's madness making him jealous of David and trying to kill him, though Jonathon helps him escape. It was a very touching moment.
“Steven,” he cried, stepping away from the fire and into a tight hug, pulling Steven in close and squeezing, “you made it!”
“Very well, then at least take this with you.” He removed the dagger from his belt and held it out for Steven to take. “So you are not unarmed in case of bandits.”
“No? Then there’d be no one to get between them and the sheep. It’d be a bloodbath and they’d just keep coming back whenever they felt like it. Normally, that’s when I have to wrestle them a bit.”
Anthony couldn’t help but smile at the clear love and admiration Steven had for his family. Anthony’s family all kept a certain distance from each other, a distance that had only grown over the past months. It was nice to see that not all suffered such a separation from their loved ones.
He took several steps, bending this way and that to test the range of his movement. Anthony could see the discomfort in how Steven bore himself. Halfway through his circuit of the tent, he nearly tripped over his own feet and had to grab a trunk to keep himself from falling on his face. Frowning, Steven turned to address Howard.
In Howard’s tent, the king instructed his servants to take Steven’s clothes and give him garments from Howard’s own wardrobe to replace them. A short cropped sādhīn, falling only to his lower thigh, and a kethōneth of much finer linen that someone of Steven’s station could ever hope to afford were provided in short order. Then came the armor. Bracers, greaves, a fine bronze helmet; Anthony didn’t know where Howard’s servants found them all, but they managed to procure enough armor that fit Steven’s frame to completely outfit him. Finally, Steven strapped a sword, one of Howard’s own, to his side.
to give his trust and concerns over, but it was a difficult thing for him to let go of. He was far more comfortable when he was able to be active and work toward a solution himself. Luckily, he didn’t have to scramble for any further conversation as he spotted the tent they’d been looking for up ahead. A large man in a black turban, rolled up so that none of the cloth hung down, even in the back, tended the fire out front.
Now it was the man’s turn to rake his eyes over Anthony, and he felt his body heat in response. The fine linen sleeves of his sādhīn were visible under an ankle-length kethōneth and his wooden sandals peaked out beneath them. The chestnut curls of his hair lay mostly hidden by a turban, only a few errant strands slipping free. His sword rested in a gilded sheath alongside his dagger on a leather belt that was of far finer make than the one the man wore. There was nothing about his appearance that looked anything but high-class. Still, the man gave no reaction to the obvious signs of his status and wealth.
“It’s a lot of pressure. I can understand why it would make people nervous to step forward, though I think it would be an honor to fight for Israel. What will you do?”
Feeling the sting, Anthony settled back to wait silently. Something about this just didn’t feel right. Just like Howard had said, it seemed like an oddly long time to wait. Anthony had already more or less resigned himself to personally facing off with Thanos, as he’d told Steven during his last visit, and was doing his best to prepare.
And yet, he couldn’t help but smile at the thought of the easy conversations that had flowed between them. Sure, Anthony had originally been attracted to Steven’s body, but his mind and personality had only drawn him in further. Anthony
“I’m glad you’re alive,” he said instead, seizing on his courage while he still had it. “I can’t begin to say how terrified I was at the thought of you dying.”
“I’ve made several trips to your encampment to bring supplies for my brothers, who are among your troops. As for what you’ve heard, I was merely asking questions and never made any such claims,” there was another flurry of murmuring, and Steven raised his voice to cut through them, “
Later, when Jonathon is killed in combat, David is so distraught by the news that he kills the messanger who tells him. He also adopts and raises Jonathon's crippled son as his own.
“Sababa,” Steven praised, sounding honestly impressed. “That sounds amazing. I bet you’re very good at it.”
“I cannot think of a man among our forces who would be up to the task of facing Thanos in singular combat,” he confessed, “though I do not know all who are with us. Yet Howard is set against a full assault and the losses it would bring. I have no wish to cause so much loss of life, but I am unsure we could overcome this giant of a man without it.”
“Of course. It’s the least I can do, considering you kept me from getting dirt on my me’īl,” he agreed readily. It was a beautiful robe of woven silk that marked him for his high station, and he loved it dearly. He would have been devastated if it’d gotten ruined. “What is your family’s name? I’ll make sure you get to your brothers.”
Steven had been bidden leave from Howard’s service when the threat of attack came so that he might care for his father’s sheep while his brothers fought. As the youngest in the family, it was his duty, however much he might have wished to stay. Still, he made trips to the front lines to deliver food and other supplies from home to his brothers. It was on one of these trips that Anthony met him.
“Except that we will win,” Steven said with a grin. “Yahweh is with the people of Israel and with King Howard. He will deliver our enemies into our hands.”
After that, there were still discussions to be had with the war council on how to handle the rest of the Philistine nation. Their army was broken and scattered, yes, but there would surely still be resistance met as the Israelites moved through their land. If they did not want to lose more men, they would need to be prepared. Then there were the formal recognitions from Howard to those who had done great deeds during the battle, through which Anthony was expected to sit at his side. The last of these, the highest honor, went to Steven.
Thanos and Steven circled one another, observing each other’s movements. Thanos darted forward a few times before drawing back again, getting a feel for the way Steven reacted. It was a classic technique, used both to get a read on your opponent and to lull them into a false sense of security. It worked especially well against fighters who put more of an emphasis on their defense, which seemed to be the case with Steven.
Eddie stopped and Peter could just barely see the slight smirk hidden by his shoulder. Eddie whispered, “Thanks Parker…Smell ya later?”
“Wait.” Steve grasped his arm to stop him from leaving. Bucky froze under his touch and did not look at him. Steve whispered, “Please take my phone number at least. If you need anything, anything at all, please call me!”
It was bittersweet. On the one hand, Peter had so much more freedom awarded to him without the connection. But, on the other, Tony couldn’t gush about his son and it was extremely smothering for a man who was so open about himself with everyone.
His target’s teammates raced to her side and helped her sit up. She looked disoriented and her neck was already swelling.
Tony woke with a groan. They had fallen asleep on the floor of his lab and his entire body felt stiff and achy. Tony sat up, moaning pitifully as his entire body protested.
No, he would hold onto Steve’s image in his mind’s eye even if it cost him his sanity. Tony closed his eyes and pictured Steve as he had last saw him, laid out beside him with a content, loving smile.
Tony was the next to come to his side. He landed next to Steve in his Iron Man suit then wobbled and fell to his knees. The suit opened and Tony fell out, landing on his hands. Tony’s face was as grey as ash and when he met Steve’s eyes Steve saw the same desolation in the black pits of his irises that mirrored his own.
And for that, his respect for her deepened. “Just getting to know the neighbors,” she added with a touch of levity.
“There!” Tony said with a hint of levity. “Good as new.” He released her arm and stood. Tony carefully watched as she inspected the repair. She stretched her fingers and twisted her wrist this way and that.
Later that night found Tony on the floor of the lab surrounded by various tools, chunks of metal and wiring. Hovering over him was the one limbed robot he’d created when he was a boy. One of his many technical successes and one that held a strange place in his affections. Dum-E had suffered substantial damage years ago, and every few months Tony would drag him out and try to configure him the way he used to be. It was tempting to upgrade the bot, to add several limbs and more elegant artificial intelligence.
Tony spread his arms. “Those around? There’s no one left, Cap. Everyone is gone. They’re all gone. Pepper, Happy, Peter---,” the last three words tumbled ungracefully from his lips. That damned sympathetic look formed on Steve’s features, replacing the anger and hostility. Tony dropped his gaze, unable to carry the weight of that emotion.
Tony sighed and dug out a portable device from the bag. After seeing the device Rocket had used to track the Benatar long distances, he was able to successfully reprogram a communication device to do the same. He’d left one in Banner’s office while he had planned on keeping this one.
Tony found the perfect distraction to his current life in the endless mess of wires and programming found on the Guardian’s ship. The Benatar was a beautiful ship, but the way most of the machinery worked without a glitch was a mystery. It was designed as if a drunken genius was playing a prank on his engineering professor. There were moments when he almost laughed at the sheer insanity of the layout and functionality. He wondered who was responsible for the repairs, Quill, or one of the others of his crew that Tony hadn’t had a chance to meet.
“Hard to believe that anyone would intentionally booby trap their own ship to blow up,” Tony made a face.
“It’s a miracle that you didn’t blow it up by messing with it. Did it ever occur to you that there was a reason it was wired that way? To stop numbskulls like you from tinkering with it!” Rocket countered.
A/N - I started this directly after watching Infinity War. So everything was originally meant to be my best guess on what may happen at the first of Endgame (the hallucinations/visions excluded in that). So let me tell you, I was thrilled that Endgame!Tony used the same build-a-bear joke I wrote almost a year prior!
“Our razors are electric and move as we shave and our shaving cream comes pre-foamed in the can…I remember seeing my grandfather use this stuff as a kid but I've never used it myself…”
“Peter and I are sitting in a tree. K. I. S. S. I. N. G,” Wade lightly sang with a smile. Logan was right, he was smitten.
Steve seemed to have spotted him at the same time and face contorted with emotion and a wobbling smile spread across his face. Steve was still outside but he quickly opened the glass doors to the balcony and rushed forward, wetly gasping, “
“Our future son’s crazy, wannabe samurai boyfriend cockblocked us, before kidnapping us to the future. I have the right to be turned on by you in your future Commando pants,” Tony said. He grinned slyly and murmured saucily, “Pun intended.”
“Wait until the media realizes you’re Captain America,” Tony whispered gleefully. “They are going to flip their shit!”
“Calm down,” Bruce soothed. “You are a smart, bright young man. Only the best can get into one of the Tower’s internships. You can do this. I need you to only do what you do best: think. How can we help Peter?”
He didn’t care what kind of consultant work or what national travesty had happened because Tony’s very world ended today.
Tony took his eyes away from them for a second as he redirected himself but he returned his gaze as soon as he was able.
Steve was alive and in his home! Steve had gone right to him when he woke! Steve was waiting for him, probably wearing that same big smile that Tony had been missing since he returned.
Steve hooked his hand on Tony’s hip and pulled him to his side. His fiancé whispered into his ear, “I’ll just have to try harder to get you back in that state later.”
Steve went straight to Tony. He lightly kissed his lips and chastised him, “You weren’t in bed this morning. You slipped into in the workshop after I fell asleep, didn’t you?”
“Fine…” Tony moaned dejectedly. He paused then asked, “You’re not going to drop this, are you? I’m going to have to check in on my kid, aren’t I?”
Peter sighed heavily then turned back to Mary. He took a moment to study her, his eyes were curious but shadowed with hurt. Eventually, he looked her up and down and asked, “Is this what my mom would have really looked like?”
Tony looked back to Steve and replied, “No…he’s always been there in my dreams. He just finally came home.”
They helped each other up and then Tony picked up the blanket and shook it out. Steve helped him refold it and, when they pressed together the last fold, they were within each other’s space again only they were facing each other. They didn’t pull away but lingered with their hands just barely touching where they each held their ends of the blanket.
There were many reasons Steve would not mention Sam to Tony but Tony’s mind immediately latched onto the worst case scenario: Steve was interested in Sam.
Steve smiled warmly at Tony but then leaned forward and lightly grasped his hand as he whispered seriously, “Why’d you wake so suddenly? Was it a bad dream or are you in pain?”
Maybe Enigma wasn’t stalking Tony or keeping tabs on him for Obadiah. Maybe he had been keeping an eye on his progress with his suit for the government…
As Tony began to regularly sleep with them he discovered that Tony had nightmares worse than his or Peter’s. Steve had flashbacks from World War II or his fall into the ice and the worse that usually happened was he got night sweats or woke from the sudden impact in the ice. Peter whined in his sleep sometimes and kicked at unseen Hydra agents. From what he could get out of Peter, his nightmares were about being taken from Steve. His nightmares had lessened considerably since he grown used to being safe in the Tower.
“We're all good, Cap,” Tony said, as if reading his mind. “She’s on our side and wants to bring down Fury’s assassin whether it is SHIELD or not. She even has information on the guy who shot Fury.”
“Why do you hate me?” Steve whispered harshly into the comforter. He looked up and asked God, “Why do you give me so much after all this hardship and then make it so easy tear it away??”
Clint and Bucky were at her side in an instant, saying her name and checking her over without moving her. His parents were there next, hovering worriedly over her. Clint glanced over his shoulder at him and looked at him with this stare he’d never seen before…like…like Peter had done something monstrous.
Tony rained kisses all over Steve’s face and cried, “Please tell me this isn’t a dream! I can’t go on if this isn’t real!”
“Wade!” Peter gasped, pushing away from him. He gawked at Wade, shocked by his indifferent comment. This wasn’t some internet meme to leave a funny comment on. This was Peter’s father! He was a huge part of his life!
Just before sunset, when the sun was still on the horizon and dusk had yet to darken the sky, they arrived at a small town. The buildings were in shambles but, as the army, rolled through, the French citizens cautiously began to peek out at them.
Steve was trying to assure him. His despair must be as clear as day but it just made everything so much worse.
He wiped away the perspiration with a heavy sigh as he got a better look at the object in his chest.
Norman laughed and barreled through several important looking pillars. The building shuddered but held.
The crewmate clapped him on the shoulder and left him leaning on the railing and watching over the city as it grew closer and more beautiful as its details grew sharper.
The rest of the day, Steve awkwardly avoided Tony. He saw the hurt and confusion whenever he caught Tony’s gaze and felt immensely guilty for it. He knew Tony wanted to talk to him, he had to be confused by his running away from him at the pool, but Steve needed to sort through his thoughts before talking to him again. Steve wanted something more but he had to accept the fact that it was not going to happen.
Steve stood off stage and his face was an adorable hue of fire engine red. He was currently wearing a white shirt and khakis and blood rushed into Tony’s cock as he remembered helping Steve strip out of his uniform.
As soon as the village was in good hands and Tony’s heart felt full by seeing them all pull together, he went straight home. Unfortunately, CENTCOM at Edwards Air Force Base detected his flight so instead of returning home in time for Enigma’s usual morning run by, he had to evade some jets and then save one of the pilots.
As soon as the judge stood, bringing an end to the session, Steve shot to his feet and spun around to embrace Tony. He could feel tears prickling at the edges of his eyes and he smashed his eyes shut to hide his strong emotional reaction.
Bucky turned his head to look outside the window where their families were all gathered around the large table outside. Steve looked with him. They were already starting to eat and Tony and Peter were sitting next to each other and Tony had an empty space next to him where Steve would sit.
“Oh come on!” Steve gasped, raising his hands higher. “Do I really have to start spilling secrets in front of this cock-eyed meatball to prove I’m the real Steve?!”
