When he’s done changing, he looks around the room, a little lost. He’s wide awake now and his throat is parched, tongue sticking to the roof of his mouth as he swallows. Sleep isn’t going to be an option in the next few hours and he could do with a drink and a quick detour to the toilet.
Steve blinks. He knows he
Tony nods, but the words seem to go right past him. He wipes the tears away quickly, hastily, as if they're a minor annoyance.
Before he even gets a chance to voice the need for physical exercise, he finds a set of running gear laid out on his bed that's seemingly appeared by its lonesome. Tony casually mentions that it's impossible to get lost in these parts if you stick to the trails around the property in their next conversation, and so he's off on his morning run the very next day.
It’s then that Steve decides to let go, as Tony’s bucking into the warm embrace of his fingers with every stroke and grumbling in frustration when his hand abandons his erection to trail back up his chest. Tony’s hand closes around his wrist, attempting to guide him back to his dick that curves up against his stomach, red and leaking.
Not in those moments he's bruised and beaten and the man he would give his life for fixing haunted eyes on him as if he's contemplated taking it without a thought just then.
His brain might be conjuring up that next particular detail to comfort him in a situation that leaves little for him to be comforted by, but he thinks he sees a certain remorse in the tight lines of her features.
Surprisingly, the extent of the examination is within reasonable limits. They draw some blood (six vials, to be exact), take his measurements (all of them), have him spit in a tube, do some basic strength tests (good enough stress relief) and finally match his profile against a picture of a man who he can only imagine is this universe's late Steve Rogers.
A minute could’ve changed everything, he’ll think later.
During the fourth month, he thinks he's going to die if nobody comes and fucks him into next week right then and there.
Anthony Stark understood the courtesy of inviting even the less pleasant royals to his castle and his feasts, but only the ones whose company he did indeed enjoy would be asked to join him in the great hall.
Long before nightfall comes,
"Steve?"
Desire pools in his abdomen, red-hot and sticky sweet at the same time. He knew they wouldn’t be able to keep this up until the end, but Tony’s making self-restraint a lot more of a difficult task than it should be for Steve.
"Excuse me?"
Steve chuckles at the rather simplistic assumption, nonchalantly wiping his chin with the back of his hand. "Oh, they didn't send me to do
“Couldn’t wait any longer,” Steve says, as though their last time wasn’t just nine hours ago, and presses open-mouthed kisses to the back of Tony’s neck. There's a distant strain in his voice that gives Tony pause, but it’s hard to think with Steve’s hands down his pants.
"You wanna let me in on that one?" he asks, leaning down to lick at Tony's pulse and then suck a mark into his skin just above it.
got something to say I think you'll wanna hear," he says, the humor in his smirk lost in his dry voice. "Guy talks all day once he gets going."
There, another trademarked Tony Stark trait. Rambling when antsy. The lines are very much blurring. Steve shouldn't have such a hard time reminding himself of the fact that that doesn't change anything about who they are (and, more importantly, aren't) to each other, but– There's no 'but'. He shouldn't.
Stark is still huddled to the back of the wall, tension in every line of his body as he regards them. Whoever took his scrap of cloth didn't think to return it, and Steve has to admit – well, it isn't quite fair, leaving him bare during what is essentially an interrogation, but nobody's ever wasted a thought on fairness either when they crammed them into this place like cattle and pat themselves on the back for their compassion.
They sit him down in a corner next to the makeshift medical station, tying him to the post on his left with a spare piece of rope. It's a little too thick for their purposes but it'll do; Nat knows her handiwork disturbingly well.
The man kicks out, albeit feebly, when Steve zips his pants open. He considers putting the cuffs on, then decides against it. Stark wants to resist a little, make the encounter more memorable for both of them? Steve won't stop him. His dick agrees, already tenting his pants in a manner that's bordering on impossible to ignore.
so he decides to be thankful for small mercies at the end of the day.
Peter took another few, rapid breaths until his breathing finally slowed. Then, he nodded quickly. "Yes, yes. Where are you going?"
Infused with renewed determination, as though he’s shoved Steve Rogers aside and slipped back into Captain America’s boots, he gets up and walks to the box. He picks up what Tony's blurry vision identifies as the watch-like device and something even smaller. A vial, colored as deep a blue as his eyes. On his way back over, made in measured steps that reverberate in the too-large basement floor of the mansion, he tightens the strap around his wrist.
“Well,” Steve mutters, leaning close so his breath will brush Stark’s ear. He gives a rough tug to the man’s cock and is rewarded with a breathy whimper. “Maybe I want them to hear.”
He pauses, takes a few shuddering breaths. The novel crook of his lip belongs to a bitter, self-deprecating smile. "Don't worry, I've had decades to work out the balance. I'll get it right this time. Promise."
Steve knows before he says it.
Steve shakes his head to clear his thoughts, if only enough to focus on the task at hand. He exchanges a look with Rhodey, seeking permission to do what he’s planning to. The man’s jaw clenches at Steve’s silent question and he swallows roughly to keep the tears from welling up once more, but he approves with a tight nod. Steve turns back to Tony to reach up and gently close his eyes, their lively glow dead and gone.
"I don't know how, but the Tesseract brought me here," he says, forcing out the words as quickly as possible so Tony won't get any more tempted to repulsor-blast him into the lake.
He doesn't respond to the comment. Instead, he holds Romanoff's gaze as he closes his hand around Tony's dick, which he's pleased to find is beginning to show interest in the proceedings. Steve doesn't think she sees, not with the desk in the way, but she's noticed his hand go there and hears the slow drag as he rubs the almost dry skin.
He pauses, having to think and then forgetting everything when he lets himself drop all at once. Tony doesn’t bother to hold back the wanton groan from deep in his chest as he grinds down against Steve’s groin to be stuffed full up to the last half inch.
In fact, he works himself to exhaustion, preparing the Kronole and making a point of improving every tool in their admittedly small arsenal, and Steve’d think it’s all an act to get on their good side, except there’s something else, there. Stark obviously hasn’t forgotten about Steve’s threat. A large chunk of his motivation is bound to stem from the knowledge of what will happen should he fail to deliver on his promise, but underneath it all, well...
Steve consciously tries to increase both the speed and force of his thrusts, and the effect the change of pace has on the other man is palpable immediately. His scent spikes with a novel, vigorous intensity, telling of the fact that he's already treading the edge, and his eyes roll into the back of his head as he, maybe (not) unconsciously, bites down on Steve's digits still stuffed into his mouth.
Tony deflates in something akin to relief when Steve doesn’t object to his decision. Steve pretends it doesn’t sting. (Because it shouldn’t. Because Tony has every right to do what he’s doing.)
"She insists. Says she'll see you now or never."
Tony still drifts off hugging himself tightly with a fake knot as deep as it'll go, but the knowledge that he has, in fact, taken every measure to protect this fragile life within him makes falling asleep just that little bit easier.
Just goes to show he might as well have been wiped out with all the others and it wouldn’t have made a difference, in the grand scheme of things. Except someone once known as The Merchant of Death isn’t deserving of the kind of mercy that comes with simple disintegration, Tony supposes.
The wet, gripping heat around him is a bliss that casts a pall over everything else, allows him to forget about both the place and time he's in for a spectacular moment. It’s quiet in his head, both outside and inside drowned out, finally
Tony's family is one that is, with one exception being his daughter, not related by blood, but by a bond forged by trust and the very people he's left behind. It's a wonderful thing to look at, this strong connection they have, even though it stings in a way that makes Steve long for a simpler time.
"Yeah, yeah. Keep going," Tony shouts back, lying.
Stark, on the other hand… Nobody who’s alive today knows the extent of what he’s done to himself. Those people are long dead, or maybe wish they were. Stark has lived far past his expiration date, but he refuses to die with such vehemence that today he’s barely qualifying as living anymore.
On one of these evenings, when Tony and Maria have returned sooner than usual, he's settled in on the living room couch, book in hand and cup of tea by the side. The faint noises, indicative of other people's presence in the building, are relaxing – there's the hum of music from the garage and the scratch of pencil on paper from the kitchen table.
Nobody asked, and Carol would not tell.
Sobbing with both the overwhelming intensity and relief, Tony bucks into his fist and slams back into the spear of Steve’s dick as though his body can’t decide which sensation it wants to chase. Then, he’s arching his back and throwing his head onto Steve’s shoulder. He’s pretty sure that dying animal noise is his, too.
I worship every part of you, inside and out," Steve mumbles, right by his ear, breath hot and close. Tony is suddenly acutely aware of how very naked he and how very clothed Steve is. "How's that sound?“
Tony answers him in thought. Of course, the thing he says is, "No, no. Just looking. As you might be able to tell, there's not much else to do in this place," because this guy already sounds like someone who'd enjoy breaking that bottle over Tony's head without needing much reason to.
Steve is gasping when he breaks the kiss and leans away, but not long enough for Tony to take a proper look at him. Still breathing wetly against his mouth, Steve dives back in, now with an edge to the kiss that tells Tony everything he needs to know about the outcome of the mission.
at his Lord, but the moment passed in a flurry and she couldn't be sure whether she had imagined it by the end.
When he steps closer and holds the lantern up, the bloody patches in its gray fur become visible. It's still alive and breathing, though, even if the breath making its stomach flutter up and down is shallow. During every other pant, the wolf sounds a low whimper, and Tony feels suddenly sick to the stomach.
He pulls out one of the chunks, and it looks a little like a sad piece of coal.
the truth, because there had never been a
Steve smiles against his lips and returns the kiss, the slide of their lips growing more heated by the second. When his hand moves to pump Tony's half-hard erection in time with his quickening thrusts, though, Tony bats his hand away.
Steve clears his throat. “You revived him? After Ultron? Or when Vision was…?”
"I get it," he says, voice rugged it sends a shiver down Tony's spine, and turns away to fetch one of the hay bales.
Which model it is exactly Steve still doesn't know, only that it has no trouble going a breezy 100 miles per hour on a road that's marked at 50 while the built-in GPS screams at him to
"Steve Rogers," he says, extending his hand to shake Tony's, and it takes Tony longer to react than he's comfortable with admitting.
Carol recoiled as she understood what she had witnessed, almost knocking over the bucket at her feet and betraying her presence to the men in the corner who, still in the throes of their pleasure, had not taken notice of her. Yet.
Nebula knows her way around the tech; Tony adapts quickly. They salvage parts from the remains of metal and dust that the battle left scattered on the grounds of Titan, and patch up what little damage the Benatar has taken.
Tony grumbles, a bit of a caveman-ish sound. Okay, he's been patient enough.
And so Steve stays away, allows the abyss between them grow wider. It doesn't feel right, but neither does anything else, and he's out of options.
. It was a game just like sex was, in a way, because this was certainly part of it.
Rhodey, Pepper, Peter, Happy. Vision should’ve been here, but he disappeared again just yesterday and Tony doesn’t need three guesses to know where to. It’s not just Steve’s loyalty he’s had to reevaluate.
"I know," he answers. "Let's leave it at that."
Generously slicked, he resumes his work. There’s little resistance, now, only the occasional spasm of Tony’s muscles as he scissors him open with two and then three fingers. He can tell Tony’s growing impatient, breathing harshly as he shoves his ass back into Steve’s hand and essentially fucks himself on Steve’s fingers. His eyes roll into the back of his head when Steve intentionally hits his prostate twice in a row (and then again when the keening sound that action elicits from Tony’s mouth is too sweet not to provoke another time).
Tony nibbles at the inside of his cheek.
“I recall you not caring in the slightest about that fact just a few hours ago,” Steve reminds him, not quite able to bite back the comment.
They might've made enough noise to alert someone in the vicinity to their presence. He wonders how that looked from a distance–bouncing on Steve's dick, throwing his head back, sweaty in a way that had nothing to do with the sunny weather.
It's been a
Because he can't. And he never really wanted to, if he's being unapologetically, brutally honest with himself. (He isn't, most of the time, but there are rare instances of clarity wherein he can admit such things to himself.)
Tony gives him some space to acclimate to the situation, opting to massage the stiff wrist of his hand finally freed from Steve's grip.
Steve thinks, lips twitching upward in attempt of a smile.
They're now selling a (very obviously) Avengers-knock off pin-up calendar at Convenience Store That Shan't Be Named – don't ask him why it caught his eye or what he was even doing there – and people really have a very specific image of what a man in the business looks like. Large, imposing, hunk of a guy. A Thor, or a Steve. That's considered Bonnie Tyler "I Need A Hero"-esque.
Steve presses its one button and the man’s whole body convulses instantaneously, choking him in his mockery. While powerful, the range on it is short. Steve appreciates Stark's decision to ridicule the tool instead of deciding on the smart move, which would be to flee. Someone who grows content with his superiority and underestimates Hi-dra’s potential rightfully pays the price.
I don’t want this! This isn't like in the fucking movies, hell, it didn’t work for Nat, what makes you think it’s going to this time? Huh? It won’t, Steve, it
To his immense disappointment, the flirtation doesn’t get the desired response. “Last–?” Steve’s brows draw together and his mouth falls agape as he forms the word with his lips. “We landed the quinjet fifteen minutes ago.”
And by these standards, Tony "Squishy, Sad and Saggy" Stark isn't cut out for the superhero gig. Not even by a long shot. Maybe Natasha should've put that in her evaluation of him instead. Tony scoffs. Well, back then, he'd have probably still passed the bar, so it's no use.
The words and their unfinished (but obviously not relating to the
When they've, thankfully, made it out of the building without any major incidents (if one were to classify Tony physically
When he peaks, he has to bite the sleeve of his coat to muffle his shout. Tony breathes heavily for a few, long beats that make the silence much more prominent, and then tucks himself back into his pants.
"I wonder," he said, inaudible but for a low rasp, "what they would think of this. Don't you, My Lord? Just
For breakfast, they sit outside on the terracotta-tiled terrace under a canopy grown over with wine. He'll enjoy his first sunbath under the gentle, early rays of the sun as it rises in the east, and listens to the waves crash against the shore down below.
“Then, I don’t know, give me something to do that doesn’t require steady hands! It’s as if you're purposely looking to make life harder on yourself,” Tony snaps, fingers curling into fists where he’s shoved them into his coat’s pockets to hide the worst of the trembling.
Only there is no initial surge; it's a low, constant thrum in the back of his head, and Tony feels himself tremble with it where he's still standing in the middle of camp, like abandoned.
Rogers grimaces in something akin to sympathy and huffs a breath, helpless. The warm air forms little clouds of white in front of his mouth. His lips move, red and chapped from exposure, and Tony doesn't have the presence of mind to pay attention. The man's stubble is a fine dusting of dark blond hair still, but give it a few days and he's going to be sporting a beard. Maybe he'll grow it out; it might help against wind and weather a little, come to think of it.
The vehemence of his passion is making Tony's blood rush in his ears, the want to finally make their bodies join almost unbearable as it suddenly transforms from a purely physical need to the desire to be close and connected in every way possible.
"Let's not count our chickens before they're hatched."
Tony wheezed an unintelligible sound. Then, he held a finger up, imploring them to wait as he lifted his head from the pillow and turned it to shoot Steve a lopsided grin.
Minutes pass in silence. Tony's legs threaten to give in on his way from the corner to the bed. He makes it far enough to collapse on the edge of the mattress, gripping the sheets with clawed fingers for support and an outlet. Only when Tony has steadied his breathing does Steve slowly lower his arms.
Under the man's feet, the distance separating them doesn’t seem like a constant; with every step, the space between them shrinks exponentially, and Steve goes from being a point of orientation there by the familiar sight of the compound to a person, real, close and warm.
“So, the Stones. You needed them. To fight Thanos, right?” A muscle in Tony’s jaw ticks when he mentions the Titan’s name. Steve shares that sentiment.
Steve's swallows, his expression suddenly turning less determined and more miserable. "Well, I didn’t get an opportunity to do anything that might have mattered and there's an asshole wearing my face running around and taking advantage of you, so can I just… have this?"
And Steve thought they'd had a pretty nice conversation, with the exception of the rather unpleasant ending.
It is this moment, too, that the reality of the moment dawns on him: the rigid lines of Tony’s body, the way he has attempted to shuffle away as he spoke, how his voice is fire and ice but his eyes are wet. There’s no space for this kind of comfort between them anymore, because it's no comfort at all when Tony doesn’t want it, can’t even stand having him close.
He seems to recall as much now, because he finally swings his legs over the side of the seat and stands, dragging one of the blankets after him. His walk is a little clumsy, it always is when he's like this, but he bridges the few feet to Steve's chair without falling or even stumbling.
Not one to let a simple misgiving throw her off balance, she directed her attention toward the present Lord Stark.
He was lucid one moment, and a second later all that need coiled in his abdomen washed over him in a perfect crescendo of sensation – Tony around him, the slaps of their meeting bodies that came with Steve rutting into him, the moans of multiple people, himself included, and all of it reverberating in the darkness of his head as he squeezed his eyes shut.
Now, the unassuming piece of technology is just a reminder of something he’d rather push out of his memory entirely. But he can’t. It’s been bugging him for weeks (months) (a year) now. Nothing is out of the ordinary and it drives him mad.
Steve keeps to the back. In any case, he doesn't believe he belongs there, between those people Tony considered family. He isn't sure what Tony considered him; not that, Steve is sure.
to get a knot off,
As it turned out, the Captain's rather impolite entrance was not entirely without cause; in his arms, clutching onto his linen shirt, lay no other than Lord Stark, who had never complained as vocally about any of his supposed ailments than he did then.
“Keep going,” Steve says casually, knowing perfectly well the effort it takes to both move independently and string coherent sentences together with a dick up your ass and someone fondling various erogenous zones.
Tony would be smug about and rub said development in Rogers’ face if a much bigger problem wasn’t about to arise on the horizon, one that consumes his every waking thought once he notices.
The girl jumps up as he approaches, both her and Steve's drawing clutched in hand. "Look at what we made!"
Then, when Tony turns to sit, he remembers himself. "I didn't know whether you'd want one, but there's enough, if you like," Steve says and points at the still considerably large stack of omelets in front of him. When the other man eyes it in indecision, he quickly scrambles for words, "Really, they're not half bad."
No further predator-related incidents occur.
From the liquor cabinet to the left, he gets two glasses and whiskey–no, vodka. Imported, Russian. He knows how to treat a woman who can kill with both a paper clip and a sultry smile.
He had just recently created a novel mixture of plants and herbs that would have a sedative effect upon inhalation, and was now looking to (rather deviously) use his newest patient as a test subject.
Tony was drooling in Natasha's lap.
"We've made you feel good before, haven't we? C’mon, Tony. You remember. I know you do," Steve says, a strange lilt in his voice. The following sigh sounds rueful. "But I'm afraid we'll need something else from you this time.”
Steve gets to play pretend like that for a few days, and it's nice while it lasts.
, laugh because that means you gotta have done something right. You love–my eyes because, it’s–I’m so, I know I’m transparent, that’s why I wear sunglasses indoors for fuck’s sake–”
Steve sees his daughter, for the very first time. She looks every bit like her father and Tony looks at her in all the ways that say ‘I’d set the world on fire just to keep you warm’. Something he’s thought forgotten and withering within him stings hot and painful and tries clawing its way up his throat, but he doesn’t let it. This isn’t about him, and he needs to let it go; Tony’s happy, as a husband to Pepper and a father to Morgan, and that’s the way it should be.
They haven’t said the words. Yet. Not since – years ago, when the greatest concern on their minds was the Accords and not a Mad Titan erasing half of the universe’s life with a snap of his fingers.
His words fade into quiet apprehension as muffled sounds and talking from upstairs cause both him and his small but fierce interrogator to direct their attention toward the source of noise. Moments later, the groaning stairs announce Tony’s imminent arrival, his quick, shuffling steps atop the wood unmistakable in their nature.
He calls the man over for a refill and pushes his empty glass to the other side of the counter. Tony thinks he's overheard someone calling him Bill once, but the memory is blurry in his head and he doesn't have any desire to speak to the man any more than his desire for sub-par whiskey necessitates, so it doesn't matter.
With his many injuries that had yet to heal, the Lord was struggling to descend from the wheelhouse back onto main land. And of course, Rogers, ever attentive to those around him, came to his aid as soon as he had noticed the man’s struggle.
With a racing heart and tremors skitting over his spine, he casts a glance to the right and sees–Steve on the mattress next to him. Tony jerks away so quickly he dives backwards off the bed. The sound of him crashing into the nightstand is what wakes the man in bed to the situation.
is today, but that's alright.
He tilts his head in response to Tony’s question. “Not directly. We tracked him down a few weeks after the Decimation and Thor chopped his head off. Five years later, we found a way to go back in time, collect the Stones and reverse the Snap,” he says and pauses for a moment. “Wait, it was different here?”
He holds off for a beat or two. It’s deliberate and unnecessary and Tony despises him for it.
Steve's mouth twists into a lopsided smile. Not long after hearing those words, he's stopped needing sleep for the most part. If he presents his case convincingly enough, Pierce might even allow Stark to stick around his quarters during those nights he spends with both eyes open–preferring insomnia over another dream.
“If you need it again, just say it. Told you I’d help, so I’m helping. No half measures.”
Under his hat, he's clearly narrowing his eyes at Tony.
"Look, honey, if you go to your room while I take care of this, I'll let you have two juice pops later. Will you go to your room if I promise you two juice pops?"
He drops his hands to his sides again, fingers digging angry half-moons into his palms as he continues to study himself, digging up every flaw with a gaze that has the edge of a scalpel, ready to pick out and analyze his innermost impurities.
“Come, then,” James said, finally. “I would like you to join me in our camp. There is food and drink and someone will tend to your wounds.”
Tony tastes bile in his mouth. The animal is on its side, stomach ripped open and guts spilling onto the ground beneath, snow dyed a crimson red. If Rogers' assumptions are to be believed, the body isn't all that old, but it still smells like– well. Like dead meat. It's not a pleasant smell.
day and Villain of the Week can wait.
her dad's) shrieks when the both of them stage a squirt gun battle in the backyard. They're dripping with lake water quickly, and as the temperatures don't allow for prolonged bouts of that sort of activity anymore, they trot past Steve into the house soon after.
Except he couldn’t focus – and he didn’t hide it well, that much became evident when both Bucky and Natasha came to him on separate occasions and suggested that they, together, brief everyone on how the plan was going to be carried out one final time. Just until Stark was back on his feet and able to go through his part, of course.
After seventeen minutes, noises from the hallway announce Tony’s return, and after eighteen, the other man joins him, sitting down on the other end of the couch.
The memory is painful, but it's long faded into a dull ache in his chest instead of the stabbing pain he's once felt. Regret and guilt may still be gnawing at him (and he deserves it, he
“S’eve?”
Ah. The Lord smiled warmly. It seemed they had already formed a bond strong enough for the young man to be interested in his whereabouts.
“Hey man, I get it, but I did not spend an hour understanding this thing if you’re all going to bail in the end,” Clint said.
“He awake?” Clint asked poking out his head from the doorway, Bruce had this short thought that for a moment, Clint was a bird. Natasha jerked her head to right, pointing at a very visible standing Bruce Banner beside her, “Ok good, bring him down stairs.” he said before disappearing.
“Because I’m an awkward person and you’re kind enough to pity me,” Steve answered as they made their way towards the cashier.
Tapping his fingers across the counter, Tony found himself staring at the note Clint left sticking on the fridge. So far, Steve, the American Adonis, was the only one to reply with a simple:
Bruce blinked as he put his arms down and Tony made a noise that sounded like realization. “Yeah, yeah this is building A.” He said rubbing the back of his neck, embarrassed. “I’m Bruce, this is Tony.” He added introducing Tony with a jerked of his head. “I’m guessing you’re one of the tenants?”
Bruce frowned, but she didn’t elaborate, instead she grabbed a plate and proceeded to fill it with cups of tea. But before leaving, she turned to Bruce, “Jane likes Thor, it’s pretty obvious.”
"I see,” The man nodded.
The guy nodded.
Bruce was reading a book, and Steve was sitting stiffly on the middle of the coach who was failing miserably as he tried to relax. Thor was trying to start a conversation, which was also failing miserably. If she wasn’t there, Natasha would have never thought that they were able to spend a whole evening together.
“I did not.” It must have been because he was too pissed off with the kid, but now he was suddenly noticing that the way he talks reminds him of Thor a little bit. Sounded fine, but if you listen carefully, you can notice the bit of formal talking.
“Thor,” the kid, Loki (
Everything was all too sudden.
Bruce was missing something, and he knew he shouldn’t even meddle, but something’s wrong and yet Thor would still try to smile, as if nothing was going on. And maybe nothing is going on and Bruce is just looking into it way to seriously. But for the past few days, he would always see Thor on his phone, or his laptop, waiting, and waiting, and waiting.
“Justin Hammer?” Steve asked hesitantly. “I can’t see the connection with watching the film and Justin Hammer.”
“I’m still talking,” Clint said. “Going back, that leads to you, where you’re just a guy, with a bow and arrow, that was raised in a circus.”
Clint just frowned at the next three letters addressing to him:
“You know what, I’m not even gonna ask.” Tony commented while staring at Natasha’s handcuffs.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Of being around assholes?” the boy suggested. “Maybe, I mean I grew up with an asshole.”
“I get that reference.” He said a bit too proud, earning him two pairs of eyes while Tony rolled his. “I-I-I’ll just take a sit.” He added, his voice going weak.
Anyway, special thanks to
It appears that another tenant had arrived, a guy named Thor—she had heard weirder names, the mountain of pop tart boxes taped with a note that says ‘THOR’ was an explanation enough that he wanted to include himself with such silly antics.
Bruce stood up. “I’m going to make some tea,” he declared.
And Bruce does not like the military.
Her therapist didn’t blink, as if that certain information Natasha shared was a normal thing normal people do.
Clint snapped his head up and saw Thor, with a pretty girl,  staring at the kid Clint was holding. “Thor?” Then he glanced at the kid who was looking at Thor with wide eyes. “Wait, you know this kid?”
Entering the bathroom, Thor noticed a small purple device perched on top of the sink. Furrowing his eyebrows, he took and examined it. With further inspections, he realized that it was a hearing aid.
Clint clapped. “Awesome,” He said standing up. “Now where the hell is Steve.” And just like that, he was gone.
, was left unheard.
“If hanging out means people invading your privacy, then yes, we’re hanging out.” Tony replied way too seriously that Steve was starting to wonder if it was just a joke or not.
“I have earplugs,” Tony offered.
Steve was fumbling with his phone when he decided to look up. “So, no Hawaiians?” He asked.
Later that evening, Bruce’s note disappeared, replaced by Natasha’s.
“Why don’t you do the old fashion way and open the door to see who it is,” Tony retorted.
“You shouldn’t,” she said, and Bruce couldn’t help but scrunch his eyebrows. “There’s things that should be forgotten, and things that shouldn’t be forgotten. You don’t have to remember them, just don’t forget it.”
Bruce stared at him. “It’s Bruce, actually.”
“Oh,” Thor said and realized that he wasn’t that far anymore. “I guess I’ll see you around?”
It was either coincidence or the boy had the sixth sense or some other crazy thing the people seem to claim they have these days,  but either way the guy turned his head sharply and glared at Clint without so much as a pause from glaring at the hotdog stand. As if the he knows he was starring.
Finally, Bruce looked him in the eye, and Steve realized that Bruce could be scary if he wants to be. “I’m fine,” he gritted out.
“Well, you’re a girl,” Tony started, “And girls like to socialize, you know, read magazines, sleepover—”
“Pardon?”
Steve’s brow furrowed. “Crisps?”
Don’t get him wrong, it wasn’t the first time he met Thor, and not that he was avoiding him—the guy was just really weird, he was just wasn’t expecting to see him outside where they live.
And the lady with the red hair, well,
For a moment, he thought she was going in a different direction, only to realize that they were going on the same path.
“And here we go,” Clint clapped. “You did ran away from home.”
The conversation immediately ended, not that Bruce was surprised, it happens every time. When it became apparent that the atmosphere was getting awkward, Bruce did the only thing he could think off.
“You do know I can’t really hear you, I’m just complaining about the shaking you keep doing every night. This thing isn’t going to help me stop protesting. Also, holy shit! Why would you buy me this when I barely even know you?!” Clint was sure Tony barely got any of what he said.
He was almost there. The atmosphere was so thin here. Next thing, he was crashing into the solar panels, knocking them out of orbit.
Yours,
“I’m not Greg,” said Steve.
“Antonius, that’s not true,” he said, as if this pained him.
It was early summer, not long after my tenth birthday, when I met him. I met Stephanos. I didn’t know it then, but this was the best day of my life. And the memory of this day would serve me well in the years that would come to pass.
“Tony, are you hugging me?”
Tony must still be around here somewhere. He hadn’t seen Iron Man fly away and it was unlike Tony to leave without first announcing his departure. Besides, he was Steve’s ride back. He didn’t want to be stuck in a car with Fury.
“The earthquake,” said Tony, the pieces of the puzzle coming together, now, at the end of things.
He was the sea, and I was swimming right into it. I was swimming into the deep.
He swerved, but it was hard to maneuver when he was going so fast. Lightning struck and it knocked out his power. He cried, frantically, for JARVIS. He needed him more than ever, but there was no answer. He was on his own.
We were lying on the beach. It was well past noon, the sun overhead and the sand beneath and all around me. The cool water gently caressed our feet as it hit the shore.
He still felt more at ease here than he had elsewhere on the ship. He knew the others thought him a loner and recluse. Sequestering himself from others wouldn’t endear him to them, but he couldn’t help it. The machines understood him, and when they inevitably broke, he could fix him.
“Jan, I have to let you go,” he said.
The lights were off and there was a glass of water next to Steve’s watch and cellphone. They were on the edge of the night table closest to him. The glass of water was a force of habit. He used to wake up in a coughing fit, desperate for something to drink. Coughing fits were exceedingly rare these days, but he still poured himself a glass of water before going to bed. Though, most of the time, he wouldn’t drink it until morning.
Fury and the other SHIELD agents were still on the ground talking to the Sergeant. They were coordinating the clean-up. Nasty battle. Took out a few square blocks. Steve could hear the ConEd trucks in the distance. The explosions had taken out some power and phone lines. New Yorkers had started calling in to complain about the outages.
“Well, I wish he would tell us,” she said, pouting.
“You on the other hand, have your whole life ahead of you, and you’re doing what? Sure, sure, you’re Captain America. Doesn’t that get tiring though? Don’t you want to be something else sometimes? Don’t you want to be Steve? I love Steve, I wish you had the courage to love you too,” said Tony.
They were both present at a conference. She was one of the students presenting her research. She was a few years older than him. She was quick-witted, charismatic, and beautiful. Of course, Tony was smitten. When she spoke, everyone turned to face her. She met his eyes and smiled, knowingly. They kept dancing around each other, for the rest of the conference.
Sometimes he forgot Clint was a SHIELD agent first and foremost. He was a good Ultimate, but he wasn’t necessarily a team player. And speaking of poor team players, thankfully, Hank and Jan had left. Steve couldn’t stand to be around Hank for more time than required to complete a mission. Jan knew that too. They usually left once it was clear someone else, usually SHIELD, would handle it from there.
She had been the only bright light in his life, but lights that bright were blinding. Was he blinded?
It was clear she had spent most of the day crying. There was hardly any mascara left.
“Why do I have to sign all of these?”
He waited patiently. He was always so patient with me. I smiled, reaching for his fingers. They were wedged in the sand and so, I held them in mine. Perhaps I should’ve said it then but instead, I squeezed his hand. I was hoping he would understand all the things I felt and all the words I couldn’t say.
Steve didn’t envy the task before her.
“That’s not ominous at all,” he said.
I would follow him into the underworld.
She was hired to be his eyes and ears. She took the minutes during meetings. She responded to calls and emails. She sent missives. And she was great at her job; always attentive.
Tony raised his eyebrows at Steve as if asking a silent question as the other man just continued to stare at him. It wasn’t like this was the first time they saw each other after a very long time, he specifically remembered the blonde sitting on the floor last night (morning?) as they watch The Walking Dead. Then he registered the rapid reddening of Steve’s freakishly pale face.
Natasha sighed and tried to focus on the film, on which she was rapidly losing interest, and not because the plot was uninteresting.
Dun dun dun duuuuuuuuun.
“I like her,” Natasha whispered beside Bruce which made the hair at the back of his neck to stand up.
Basically I just went out with some friends. Pffft! Who needs love life?
Clint jumped and had almost thrown a punch at the intruder when he realized that it was just Tony, hands raised as if to say he meant no harm.
“Uh,” The man rubbed the back of his neck again. “Yeah, but…”
Thor on the other hand questioned her command. “What? Why so?”
Stepping out of his comfort zone wouldn’t hurt.
“Why? Is he acting negatively to you?”
Thor furrowed his eyebrows. “I think I would recognize if I am in midair,” he said.
At this point the kid was still glaring, but somehow he’s calmed down. “You have no idea how—”
Thor, for the longest time, believed that he could take everything. But he never really thought his father could be that creative and kick him out of the country. And maybe, he should have expected this, but what he wasn’t expecting was his younger brother, Loki, to be sent here as well.
“WHY IS THE OTHER PIZZA HAWAIIAN?”
Turned out, Walking Dead’s a television program about Zombies. Thor fell in love with the series immediately, even though he couldn’t really understand the plot most of the time.
Tony blinked, “I think I’m missing something.”
“My point exactly!” Clint crowed. “It’s not like you know the guy.”
Clint blinked at the third note too much to even be considered as normal. He did a double check if the note wasn’t an illusion or something. So the nameless lady actually has a name, and she actually acknowledged them, maybe she is able to participate after all.
Thor wanted to know, but he didn’t have anyone to answer.
Peggy stared at him incredulously. “Then why are you buying them in the first place?”
Natasha looked down at her lap. Friends, no, nothing to be surprised about there. But for some reasons, she was brought back to the memory where she tried to leave an apple with her name on the fridge. She didn’t know why she remembered it suddenly, but it made her frown.
“I could give you a massage,” Natasha said, Bruce didn’t mean to have both his eyebrows disappear somewhere behind his hairline, he didn’t, he really didn’t. Then Natasha gave Clint a menacing grin which made Bruce feel a wave of relief.
“Good Morning!”
He didn’t know how, his schedule hasn’t started being hectic yet, and yet every single one that he tried befriending ended up doing something urgent. But he wasn’t holding that on them, Loki was always busy as well. Only he was busy with something else Thor would rather not even remember.
“Goddamnit!” He yelled throwing his phone on an opposite wall, surprising everyone from his action.
Blinking, Steve turned to look at the door. “Oh, yeah, sorry,” he said moving out of the way.
Thor paced back and forth in the Living room, a hand full of handpicked flowers in his hand. He really wants this time to work, he got a whack on the head for these flowers and he would really want to have a worthy outcome. His original plan was to buy some in that flower shop down the block, but he realized he had spent most of his money on Pop Tarts.
“Yup,” Clint said, popping the ‘p’ sound before turning back to watch the series.
Steve suddenly stood up. “I’ll make some popcorn.”
Natasha stared at the note taped on her door. She glanced around, expecting to see Bruce standing sheepishly with her in the corridor, but she was alone.
“Any nightmares?”
If any from the people Thor was living with noticed the too wide smile he had plastered on his face, no one asked him or pointed it out. For starters they don’t really care, second they all think they’re not that close to having normal chit chats, and third, no one was really there to see it anyway.
It’s not like he’s bored and looking for company, but it had been weird coming back only to see the place feeling empty and very unwelcoming. Most of the time Bruce spends his days in his room, unpacking or, when Tony finally moved in, asking him to keep his tinkering to a minimum.
“But you’re just a puny little kid,” Bruce stated crouching down in front of him. “And frankly I don’t care, it could be your fault, could be Thor’s, bottom line you need help. And I know, because I’ve been there.”
Thor frowned. “Hammer?” He asked.
The statement left Bruce raising both of his eyebrows, and actually found himself peeking at the commotion. But before he could so much  as see a strand of any of their hairs, there was a loud “Shit!”, something heavy dropping on the ground, and he got as far as peeking with one of his eyes before registering the color green then pain exploded from his nose.
Why is he always forgetting to ask, he had an open opportunity with the pretty lady yesterday.
“You know, I think Captain really suits you,” Tony said, gesturing at his boxers. “Captain America, Rogers, I dunno but I’m pretty sure the Universe’s giving a very clear message.”
Tony drained his cup and stared at Thor. “Well,” he said, his tone a little light to even work with the current situation. “Bruce killed his dad,” Bruce almost choked from his tea. “I don’t even like my folks, I’m pretty sure Legolas over here’s an orphan, but that doesn’t mean it’s the end of the world.
Then again, she had her own issues, maybe they had their own.
“And spend the whole time living here with a vibrating room?”
“The guy’s practically still boiling, considering he just exploded,” Tony informed extending his other free arm, referring  to Bruce who was still pulling his arm and punching the sink in the process. “Why don’t we just give him space until he cools down.” Steve knew it wasn’t a question.
Bruce hadn’t joined with the silly tradition yet, so she guessed she wasn’t the only one.
“Some stupid horror film called The Echo,” Tony grumbled. “God, I miss Netflix.”
Steve peered down on the game, something he wasn’t familiar with, but it looked newly released because, well, he wasn’t familiar with it. “What’s wrong with it?” Steve asked. “You know, the game.”
He just hopes he’s right.
Every head snapped at the intruder.
He wanted to get to know everyone, if you’re going to live with each other for a while, it’s the only reasonable option. And honestly, he’s looking forward to it, it’s what he needed anyway. But he couldn’t help but think that he won’t fit in. Ever since it happened, everyone’s way ahead of him, and he felt like he’ll never catch up.
He nodded. “I’m Rogers—I mean Steve, Steve Rogers.”
Peggy turned to look at him, she must have caught Steve’s awkward reaction towards the situation because her eyebrows slowly rose up. “You have no idea what I’m talking about do you?”
He thought as the bathroom door broke of it’s hinges.
Steve looked up and saw Thor beaming at him.
“Yours are at the end of the left wall, the others already moved in their stuff so you can’t reall—”
“You watch TV while you sleep?” The blond replied completely not buying it.
Tony glared at the stupid kettle as it took forever to boil water before glaring at the mug he was holding with the contents of the cheapest coffee mix his shameful allowance can buy.
Bruce blinked. “Uh, yeah, sure,” he said as he made his way towards the kitchen.
It was his turn to ignore two pairs of eyes staring at him.
And I am so sorry for the late update!!!
“Unless you’re the one behind today’s music choice,” She said. "Then yes."
It’s not that he’s scared, it’s just the fact that it feels weird around him.
The boy went back on looking down on his feet. “I,” he paused. “I did.”
“And Thor wouldn’t be so paranoid with leaving him near an open door if he never had any history with running away,” Tony continued on, ignoring Steve. “For Christ’s sake, the guy padlocks his own windows just so that kid wouldn’t leave at night.”
“Unhand me you ungrateful swine!”
. He was really looking forward to handing it over himself, but if the owner wants it this way, then who is he to change it?
Maybe he should text her? He did have her number.
Tony shot up from his seat and left muttering the words “Not doing this again.”
Make friends? Open up? Socialize? She’s not so sure, all she knew was she was about to do something.
A few weeks in, with each rooms getting taken, Natasha found herself staring at none other than Anthony Edward Stark through her window. She gets it, a few people actually took a tour around the place, like that big blonde All-American guy and that other guy named Bruce. She just couldn’t wrap her head why Tony, the Tony Stark, was looking for a place to stay.
“Do you feel uncomfortable living with them?”
“Are you positive that this one will work?”
Bruce entered the bathroom and froze, taking in the missing mirror on the wall, and the obviously broken door knob of the bathroom. Honestly, Bruce’s still waiting for the others to complain about losing their privacy while taking a dump or something.
He was never embarrassed with his inability to hear things, because screw people who think people like him wouldn’t survive on their own, but there’s a clear line that he shouldn’t cross when you’re trying to calm down a person who could possibly bulldoze the whole bathroom, and telling the people that you live with that you used to be a criminal is not one.
“Or do you still stay awake most of the night?”
“I dunno bro,” Clint said hesitantly. “I think the guy needs some space.”
Partially, she was pissed at her therapist. She should never have opened her mouth, she knew he’ll ask questions after questions. But the truth was, she was pissed at herself for actually opening her mouth. The questions didn’t help. She knew the reason she stopped herself was because it was stupid.
She was scared.
wallet,” Clint said just as irritably.
“Ex,” she said, and the bewildered expressions she received made her laugh. “It’s not that weird, not all relationships ends up bad.”
“An apple?”
Okay, I'm getting out of topic.
Five heads whipped towards her direction.
“No, it’s a—” then he broke of a laugh, finding Thor’s ignorant expression funny for some reasons.. “It’s just an expression.”
It was an obvious reminder that he’s so far away from others, at some days he feels like it’s not a big deal, but most of the time he can’t help but feel like that. It was stupid, and Steve hates it. The only helpful thing that came out last night was the fact that he should never order Hawaiian Pizzas again.
“You guess?” Jane repeated amused. “Haven’t it ever occurred to you that he might be embarrassed by it? Not that being disabled is a bad thing, but people are quite conscious when it’s about themselves.”
“—good to see you around other than at, whatever it is we live in, maybe we could catch up sometimes!” He said, petting Steve on the shoulder. “Also, next time, try baking Pecan pies, I think I'm getting a craving.” The next moment, Steve was staring at Tony’s retreating figure.
“Yes, indeed,” Thor replied with a broad smile. He couldn’t help it, he was so happy, even though he was feeling a little down, seeing Jane was perfect.
My sister flat out rejected my calls for help with this chapter because she was also busy, school and with her story, you should check her out sometimes.
Loki ran away from them because he hated them, no, not just them, he hated being around people there. Thor mentioned about Loki being a diva, but if you used to be in rehab, who wants attention? Bruce would know because of Loki’s daily complaints about being in a crowded area had been stuck in his head like a song that wouldn’t get out, which completely contradicts to the fact that he likes bossing around on people.
“The last time my brother had done something such as this, I found myself waiting by the ER.” Thor told Tony crossing his arms over his chest, Steve stiffened from the familiarity of his story. Thor’s sudden demeanor changed, he doesn’t seem to look like the innocent happy go lucky huge blond guy they always encounter. He seems more serious and matured.
Tony paused.
, having a sexuality crisis—but by the fourth time he had tried to talk to Tony at school—and that was a huge step for him—he finally realized that Tony’s avoidance might not be because of the underwear. It had to be the scars. Bucky wouldn’t even stay in the same room as Steve for a whole month because of his arm, and until now he still refused to go outside.
“Tony,” they shook hands, “So, a college student in SHIELD?”
“Uh, yeah sure.” Steve did his best not to appear too keen to leave.
Apparently the boy doesn’t have that much skills in keeping it together, he snapped immediately. “For the love of christ! I just want you to acquire me a hotdog, what’s so difficult with that?”
Thor opened his mouth, then paused. “No, not really.”
Thor nodded, “Yes, indeed.”
Steve was only standing because most of his weight was being supported by the bathroom wall next to the door,  but he did his best to get a hold on Bruce—which was harder than to be expected.
Steve shrugged, they were too close to the topic that he’s been avoiding ever since he woke up in the hospital, and he wasn’t liking it one bit. “I guess I just missed it.”
I'm really, really sorry, but if it helps, my twin sister's giving me hell because of my laziness. Yeah, she also reads my story then insults it afterwards (she's supportive that way).
A few moments ago, it was littered with students, and he thought why not as he dragged a chair and sat down next to them. At first, they were startled, which was fine. Everyone always had the same reaction around him. It’s always the same, so it didn’t really surprise him when they were suddenly thinning out, because it’s was how things would always turn out. Always.
After finishing all of his classes for the day, he didn’t return home—is that what he needs to call it? Instead, he walked around campus and tried making friends. It was easy to start a conversation, but it was hard to maintain it. It was like trying to hold water. After what felt like hours, Thor huffed and thought that maybe he’d try making friends tomorrow.
Bruce leaned in and stretched a hand for his own mug, “And you call Loki a liar,” He mumbled taking sip from his tea, Bruce was momentarily surprised that Tony didn’t screw it up, you never know about Tony, he could probably finish a complicated task in minutes but fail on the easy ones.
Peggy threw her hands up. “I thought you were buying pizza instead?”
for educating me about college life because I'm a high school kid and know next to shit about college, and
Jane tilted her head. That technique usually works, unless Thor’s never really good at handling conversations. “But you were able to grab some coffee, right?”
Stunned, Bruce tried to ask for questions, “Uhhh,” and a poorly executed one as it seems. “W-What’s going on?”
“Aye, my valiant ally,” He slurred.
Bruce frowned.
“What are you painting?”
Clint turned to Natasha as and gestured at Tony. “The asshole over here wouldn’t stop insulting my DVD player for the past two hours, I just got him to shut up three minutes ago. Apparently, that didn’t last long.”
“Already did,” Clint said. “Maybe a few weeks ago.” Thor couldn’t look worse.
Tony glanced around. “We didn’t order—”
He's well within his fifth month when he starts showing. Showing as in, he can no longer rely on expertly tailored suits and other attire to mask the too obvious baby bump.
On his 46th birthday, they all sit together in the common room down in the Avengers' quarters at the compound. Most of the rooms are empty these days, untouched and unchanged but cleaned weekly in the unlikely case one of their original inhabitants resurfaces. Tony doesn’t want to be thinking about that, not today, but he’s never been a role model when it comes to keeping promises to himself.
"If they sniff me out, I don't know you, but I will talk if you don't get me out in the next week."
Steve squeezes his eyes shut and exhales a long breath.
He pulls.
After two days, Steve gets restless. He's been cooped up in and around the house for a while, and his body has built up enough excess energy to last him… well, he hasn't had the opportunity to put the theory to the test, but he could do a couple of triathlons right about now.
“Obviously.”
Thor could sleep through a whole alien invasion if there was one.
Thor’s thick eyebrows furrowed, “Rehab?”
It took Steve a few seconds to register what the bigger guy had said. “Oh, right, yeah,” he scratched the back of his head. “Glad you liked it.”
Bruce almost dropped his cup of tea as Thor came barreling down the stairs.
“Shit,” Clint suddenly commented. “He ran away, but not from home,” he said as if finally finding out the answer to an unsolved riddle. Then again, it sorta was.
“My brother, had problems with… with drugs, so he was brought here to be fixed.” Thor continued, his voice suddenly going low. “To get it out his system. I thought it was going well. He was staying in some building that was supposed to make him change and move on, not— Not make him worse—”
Anthony Edward Stark is a genius, everyone knows that.
His hair was still in a man bun but at least his choice of clothes wasn’t so, puerile, anymore.
That day, her therapist took a double take when she answered him that she was feeling good, and that same day, Natasha ignored Thor’s loud declaration that he finally found Natasha’s name on an apple in the fridge. She couldn’t help but grin at Thor’s lone note on the fridge the next morning.
“He could have at least given me a van, or a car, but noooo. What an asshole,” Tony grunted as he unloaded his stuff from the U-Haul truck he rented— well, Pepper rented. “Or at least movers, maybe at least one from his thousands of workers, but nooo. I have to carry all of this by my fucking self.”
Natasha stared at the juvenile banter as she made herself comfortable next to Bruce—who was sitting on an armchair… for one. Natasha decided that the red color creeping up Bruce’s neck was a good look on him, therefore she decided to ignore it.
She knew for a fact that Bruce never seems to drink coffee, just tea. Wherever he keeps his supply was his business. But now, Natasha’s staring at it. A small note with the name ‘Bruce’ was taped at the front and the lid had a label that says ‘tea’—probably because at first glance it looks like marijuana.
He didn’t know what came over him, it was probably because of his sleep deprived consciousness that made his mouth move without even thinking, “He said you’re not his brother.”
“I’m taking that as a yes to knowing each other,” Clint said, the weird phrasing suddenly made sense now.
Sure, he helped Clint, but it was mostly because he felt like a complete asshole and giving him a pair of hearing aids was his only way of apologizing. When he told Pepper about his situation with Clint, she flat out told him that he was such an ass and that she was glad she broke up with him.
Okay, maybe they did stay up way later than 8:00 p.m. last night. Every one needs their beauty sleep, except for Tony. Tony don't sleep, sleep's for the weak.
With as much strength a half awake person could muster, he swung the book and hit the stranger square on the head.
At the same moment, Natasha climbed down the stairs, a pink towel hung on one of her shoulders, and proceeded to make her way towards the bathroom, the two men oblivious at the newcomer.
“How's class?”
The stranger shuffled and flipped a switch on the wall, bright lights almost blinded Bruce that left him squinting. The first thing he saw was the number of pop tart wrappers littered by the toaster, then at the mountain of pop tarts on the dining table.
“Dude, stop that,” Clint groaned. “Did any of the information I said last night register inside your head? We’re—” then he just immediately stopped talking.
beside’s Clint’s and made his way towards the space between Clint and Thor. “Scooch,” he said towards the two of them.
“You two must be really close then,” She said.
Natasha watched Tony and Clint talk from her window, or as much as a conversation the two could possibly have as it appears that Clint wasn’t wearing his hearing aids—considering that Tony was using his phone.
“I can’t see the connection with living in this dump and actually living in a livable place,” Tony said, opening his ‘room’, only to deflate when it was as narrow as Judy Hop’s apartment.
It was hard to forget that she wasn’t living in a world where she needs to sacrifice anything just to gain something. Every time she closed her eyes she felt as if she was back there again as if she never left.  Being awake was the only thing she could use to ignore it.
Tony used his shirt to wipe off the sweat from his face before sitting down across the man. “Which totally explains why you decided to help me,” Tony said. “Not that I’m complaining.”
People like Steve are the root of their power. One of many individual cogs that can be used and replaced at will. Maintenance comes cheap with the business model they run. Desperate people will sell themselves short, and no one ever really makes it out once their debt is settled. Most remain indebted until death.
"Sorry. I know you didn't mean it like that. But I can't, I mean–I
"If anything goes awry, I've never heard of you, but I will–"
does he get this? Being filled and connected with this man in every sense. Tony trembles, his own personal earthquake shaking through him as all the built-up tension leaves him in a rush.
"Same thing I've been saying," Steve points out.
They have him strapped to a table.
“One thing he never quite grasped was that my unwillingness to find a spouse and produce an heir did not stem from an unwillingness to carry this legacy. No, it’s… the opposite, really. I care for these lands, for this people, and I want nothing more than to know that when I go, it will be left within good hands.”
All the years which his mother spent with young Anthony, James was there, watching curiously and soon deciding that he would never cease to watch out for the small, doe-eyed boy in the crib.
"I think…" he swallowed, feeling a little dazed, "that could be arranged."
There’s a sob. It’s like fuel to fire for the arousal flooding his veins.
Natasha did not have to think about with whom she would side, should the situation escalate into a fight.
His chest bears the sharp edge of a circular plate embedded in its dead center. A little further down, Steve's hands meet soft tissue–Stark's stomach flutters with his shallow breath and feels delicate compared to the unwelcoming edges of the metal above. With his size, well… if he goes and presses into the lower abdomen later, he'll be able to feel himself there. That might just be the most natural intrusion Stark's body will have known.
Steve pulls himself out of it and scrambles to keep the open wound away from the mess. He gathers up the fabrics he set aside one by one to dress the exposed wound, hopefully staunching the constant flow of blood from the stump until he can get his hands on their medical supplies back home.
Break into a run off the roof, brace for impact–it comes naturally to him now. The old courthouse is one of the few buildings downtown that aren’t touching the belly of the ever smog-covered sky. Instead, it sits there as a bulky relic from the early last century in the middle of a modern metropolis, sticking out like a sore thumb. (How considerate of Stark to pick his favorite place as their rendezvous point.)
"Apologize to our guest for interrupting," he orders, "And look at her, will you?"
Tony doesn't look amused either. What kind of scene he had to cause and which threats he had to make to get Steve released is anyone's guess, but it seems everyone in the vicinity has somehow gotten wind of it. He shoots some of them challenging glares, daring them to so much as move their pinky, and appears a little– huffy. It strikes Steve that that may be why they seem to know their little party is approaching before even having laid eyes on them – Tony must smell the part as well, giving off a scent that would alert everyone but Steve to watch out for the emotionally loaded omega heading their way.
“Uh, where,” he groans as gravity drives him back onto Steve’s length and brushes his prostate just enough to send a spike of heat straight to his dick. “Where do you want me to start?”
The silent, brooding rage toward a man not present rings in Stark’s voice and shows in his bloodshot eyes as he scrapes layer after layer off the final piece of Kronole in precariously calculated motions. His mouth and nose are hidden under the piece of cloth he’s tied around the better part of his face, protecting him from the fumes that have gotten Steve lightheaded more than once as he watched him work.
Most nights, Rogers eyes him disapprovingly over the flames of the campfire, fair skin glowing orange in its light, and doesn't comment on Tony's drinking habit. One time, Tony offers his flask, the action a simple act of provocation which means he’s expecting to be told off at best. Rogers takes it from his hand instead, their fingers touching briefly, and takes a generous gulp before handing it back.
Anyway, Kudos and Comment! You have no idea how one click and one comment makes my day.
“Oh shoot, I forgot about that,” Steve suddenly said jolting out from his position from the sofa.
Tony huffed but he wasn’t showing any indication of leaving.
After a few month’s of living in the city, Bruce has known a lot of secluded areas around here, but that could take him hours before (if possible) he finds Loki, and if he adds in his embarrassing health, he might probably find himself face planted on the middle of the road, completely passed out.
She hadn’t expected for it to stick though. Mainly because she expected the other tenants to use the place as a place to sleep, not to actually consider it as a home. That’s how she considers it. Her schedule consists of sleeping and taking a bath there, and the other remaining errands were always done outside.
Jane blinked, this guy opens up way to fast. She never really met any people that are interested in polyamorous relationships, but there’s a first to everything. To say that she was intrigued with the guy was, well, the truth. “Wow, okay, I’m not really good at stuff like that.”
Bruce glanced at the girl in front of him, she stopped her ministration with his nose the minute Natasha spoke and was looking at her as well, but was still holding the napkin directly at his nose, before glancing at Clint and Thor, who he now notice were cornering the kid that seemed to be the cause of the current situation, then back at Natasha. He was pretty sure something inside himself died when he saw her glaring at him—glaring like that should really be illegal. Which confused him, a lot.
“Tony?” Steve asked. The number of times he had a conversation with Tony could be counted on one hand—two fingers actually. Though if the notes don’t count then he only had one. Steve realized it was pathetic.
After staying for almost a month with ghost-like companies and just a week of having Tony as a sign of any living organism—and Tony’s suspicious carton of milk that always seemed to be empty (
“Sup,” He greeted.
“You’re just making fun of me,” Steve huffed, which earned him a chuckle from Peggy. How can someone so big act so cute?
Disabled.
“Loki, that’s enough!”
There were a few moments of silence when something beeped from Natasha’s phone and Tony found himself staring at her as she fixed her stuff.
“I’ll fetch the others and tell them it’s another movie night,” She said before leaving.
“I-I don’t—” Bruce started but Clint beat him to it.
Then the sixth tenant came.
Natasha stared at the contents for a good full minute before swinging the fridge shut. She ripped off the note from her apple and crumpled it into a ball before throwing it away to the nearest trash bin. Hiking her bag up her shoulder, Natasha bit on her apple and climbed up to her room.
He considered texting the others whether they were lucky enough to find Loki, but at the same moment his phone pinged. Pulling it out of his pocket, he stared at the text Clint sent on the group text (“Add Tony” Steve said from his spot as he ties his shoes. “He’s a jerk, but let’s not leave him out.”) and sighed again.
She had just gotten back from her session and was expecting to find herself locked in her room again, but instead, she was staring at the notes taped on the fridge.
“But everyone takes them, yes?” Thor asked, the tips of his fingers raw. He found out that even boiling water he would still fail at it.
Picking at the note, she stared at it for a very long period before folding it up and slipping it in one of her notebooks. Maybe showing this to her therapist could help and finally loosen up his lectures about her ‘tendencies to push people away’.
He cupped my cheek with one hand, turning my head to the side. His other palm raced up my thigh, settling on my hip, and griping it tight. He washed away all my other thoughts, leaving only him. He was the only thing I could feel.
The stars above us shined, and the scintillating moon, she watched us from a distance.
Don’t answer. Dead men can’t talk.
He smiled, softly. He was always so gentle with me. “No, my love. It’s not a problem.”
“I can think of a different thing I wish I could sketch,” he said, after some time.
He had wandered the desert, the moon his only companion. And seeing the moon, night after night, as he walked on bloodied and broken feet until Jim found him and he could rest his head against his shoulder, it kept him from going mad.
He hoped he would still want to stare up at the night sky and marvel at what he saw.
It started to rain, and well, when it rains, it pours. Fuck Arlington. We buried you in the Arctic, right where we found you. Where you belong.
“Tony’s leaving you with the team, now you’re its benefactor, so these are your decisions to make,” she said.
She was warm; it was the residual heat from being indoors. And he could still smell her shampoo.
You must’ve known had I wanted to catch you I could’ve done so at any time. Everything you know about this world, I taught you. Maybe not, but it felt that way. It felt that way when you pushed an EMP into my palm and disabled my suit.
The gyrosphere openly slowly, revealing itself as if it were a blooming rosebud. He could appreciate the beauty, but he was uneasy. Everything about this ship, about the regenerative formula, had him on edge.
“Too bad you don’t have a sketchpad,” said Tony.
She was the one true source light in my father’s life, and without her, there was only darkness. Without her calming presence, without her soft words, without her laughter, without her touch, my father became a cold man:
Steve dropped to his knees. “That… That doesn’t make sense,” he said.
Just then, Steve fell into his arms. If he hadn’t been in the armor, they would’ve tumbled to the floor. Luckily, Tony could support his weight as he was still in the suit.
“I’m looking right at him,” said Steve before pulling him into a kiss.
“No more drinks, Tony,” said Steve.
“I did, Jan, but he asked me not to tell and I didn’t know it was going to be so soon,” he said. He was trying to justify his actions to himself, but there was no justifying.
Life on the ship hasn't been easy for Tony, who's still getting used to things, and struggling to let go of that which he left behind.
“Goddamn it, Steve!” Tony stood up, pointing his finger.
Jim had stood at the door, having overheard most of the conversation Tony had had with Jarvis. He was unsure what to say, or if the words he had would suffice. Jim had met both Howard and Maria and had seen them on numerous occasions. He was in as much shock as Tony was.
He was leaning on his elbow with his torso twisted so that he faced me. Of course, I hadn’t meant to stare, but if Apollo didn’t want me to look, he shouldn’t have illuminated his chest or the swell of his lips. I was merely an observer.
