"As do you," he said digging into the eggs and bacon Dean whipped up. "Are you a fan of The Beetles?"
"So... shall we make a deal?" Cyrus said. Dean and Sam both stared at each other and gave a look of understanding and remembrance of their plan.
"Dean, you know you can talk to me about anything right?" Castiel said finally taking a seat on the end of the bed.
The neighbors upstairs were done and he was exhausted now, enough so that if he crawled back into bed with Castiel he would probably fall asleep. But a sudden pang of shame hit him. How fucked up is that? He just looked through Cas's personal sketches and got off to one. Also in Cas's robe, on his couch. He knew he wouldn't be able to look at Cas right now so he simply stripped the robe on the couch and quickly went back to the bedroom.
"I'm gonna go to bed too. I'll wait up for you." He smiled softly and Dean almost kissed him before he remembered Sam was right next to him watching. Cas walked on down the hall and Dean wasn't ashamed to say he watched the sway of his ass as he went. Sam soon headed off to bed with Eileen and after a while and Dean did too in lieu of staying alone. Cas left the bedroom door open and was toeing off his shoes. Dean smiled as he slipped in and shut the door. The hunter took off his jacket watching Cas as he struggled to get his belt off one handed. Dean just stripped down to his boxers while Cas tried to change. Eventually he sighed and turned to Dean.
Every time Cas does something as simple as a finger touch to him, that's all he hears in his mind. Cas telling him that he deserves to be loved, and he really is trying to make himself believe that. Dean has always thought he was broken, useless, shameful, unworthy. A part of him still does, because he considers loving Cas selfish. But Cas is helping him be better and he wants that. So he can feel proud and joyful to love Cas, and not feel like he's holding him back.
"Me too, I'm not gonna be good at this so uh, just grab my hips and- yeah." He said as Cas started to direct his movements, holding onto his hipbones. The first thrust was more of a slow grind of flesh, but it still sent sybaritic splendor coursing through his spine. He lifted his hips at Castiels encouraging hands and when he fell back down he was in ecstasy.
A few days have passed since Castiel last spent the night with Dean. He was a little disappointed to wake up the next morning to find Dean gone, but smiled when he found the sketch pad open to the risqué drawing he did of the two of them on the table.
Dean nodded and Cyrus was gone. He turned to Sam and shrugged before they loaded up their things in the Impala. The headed back to the bunker on a supply run before they headed out. Arizona, that was at least a fourteen hour drive. But they were going to do it. They had to.
"I'll get us some breakfast." He said sitting up. He kissed Cas's cheek and got out of bed. He looked down and grimaced at his soiled boxers before stepping out of them. He put on a clean pair and opted for his robe since he didn't feel like putting on his cold denim. He smiled at a very flustered Cas in the bed before walking out to the kitchen. He wanted to get back to bed as soon as possible so he popped some eggo waffles in the toaster. Sam came out a moment later to pour a cup of coffee. He looked like he'd been up a while. Miracle followed right behind Sam's feet and Dean ducked down to pet him. When he stood back to his feet, Sam was smirking behind the brim of his mug.
"Hey, do you guys want to go out for dinner? Like a double date?" Sam asked. Dean shrugged, same as Eileen.
"Ugh gross. Okay my turn. Never have I ever, been to the beach." This time Sam, Gabe and Cas took sips of their wine.
"Someday." Dean leaned his head back on Castiels head pillowed on his shoulder and suddenly Cas felt the overwhelming urge to say what he had wanted to since he woke up early this morning. To repeat those words that Dean said to him. And he would mean it. With all his heart.
"Winslow, Arizona. Now, the place is an abandoned warehouse. And it's extremely warded, I couldn't get in. But, there's no warding against humans. So, I suggest you get driving to find that aura, while I," he pointed to himself. "Am going back to hell. Make sure I get that promotion."
Dean understood what the angel was conveying without him even speaking. Cas took his sweet time opening Dean up, being so careful and taking so long, Deans erection waned a bit. Deans eyes were closed and he almost whined as he felt Cas's fingers leave him. He breathed deeply and soon the blunt head of Castiel was nudging at his entrance and Dean's thoughts narrowed to that singular point of contact as he breached that first tight ring of muscle. Cas was whispering reassurance to Dean that was comforting, even though he couldn't really make out what the words he was saying meant. Dean threw his head back with a groan as the angel inched inside him, the stretch was glorious and perfect just like he imagined it would be. The connection between them was burning with a delirious mix of want and need. His will stretched and bended to Cas, his entire universe narrowed to each thrust of the other man's hips and the grip of his hands. Castiel leaned forward once he was fully bottomed out and pulled Dean into a messy kiss that was little more a clash of teeth. Cas laughed out loud before kissing Dean again. He moved his hands up fist in Dean's hair. They sighed into each others mouths and Dean could taste the beer still lingering on his tongue.
"Being adorable assholes is what." Sam hollered from the grill. Jody gave them a questioning look and Dean rolled his eyes at his brother before answering.
I decide to be the first one. “I’ll explain later, Cas. You should just get your feathery ass to freshen up while the food cools off. I’m hangry!” But before Cas could ask again “Hungry plus angry. Me. Got it, Cas?”
“I start!” I shout louder enough to stop the brothers’ fight and turn to Cas. “Cas, truth or dare?” Cas turns with a solemn expression and chooses ‘Truth’.
The next moment though, I suddenly remember that the stew is still on the stove and make a run for it. Fortunately, it only stuck a little at the bottom of the pot, but it’s still salvageable.
I must look pretty shocked, though I have no idea why am I so surprised. It’s beyond me why do I keep forgetting that even if Cas acts like a lost child, he’s still a freaking
“I made sure you will not feel any physical pain during penetration, though there is nothing that I can do related to your emotional issues.” He starts to slowly pull back, his hand going back to hold my waist. “But even these ones should be resolved with time.” Then just as slowly pushes back inside. “I always noticed that the humans are very adaptable during unstable times. You will get used to this as well, Dean.”
“Heya Garth. Remember me?” I try to say with no emotion, but I do feel a little happy hearing his voice after so long.
Ignoring Gabriel’s background noise of ‘I’m not delusional!’ I give Cas a serious look. “Cas, Gabriel
it. He saw that he got through me. He now knows what makes my blood burn. Even I didn’t know that for fuck’s sake! If other shitty alpha told me this, I would simply make fun of him and he’d be the one pissed off, not me.
Unexpectedly thought, Cas is holding my forehead with a trembling hand and rubbing my back while I puke my guts on his precious floor. Oh well, at least it seems like he won’t be bored with me around.
“Well, my family did not agree with me staying so far away from humanity, so this was the only compromise I got.” I don’t understand why an alpha like him would want something like this, but I’m no longer in the mood to ask him about it either, since I suddenly realize that my guard is completely down. Actually, ever since I met Cas, for some reason I can’t bring myself to be wary around him. Especially when I see him looking so lost and unreliable in this store, where he probably shopped dozens of times already.
And a reaction he gets since I start laughing out loud. Never expected him to learn this quickly, but I do feel a touch of pride swell in my chest. Pride for teaching him curse words but still pride. “You really are amazing, you know!” I say, while wiping a tear from my eye. I can’t remember the last time I laughed so much like during these two days ever since I met Cas.
“The one and only! How have you been, dude?” I raise my voice a little, since his antics always gave me a good mood.
Only then, he seems to recover from his reverie and says “No, Dean, I love it. Especially the way your voice sounded when you said it.”
“Nooooo!” Gabriel screams into the couch, while I take a seat on the other couch. I still feel like the world is ending, and have no idea how will I be able to clean up all this mess, but it’s the least I can do, since I do feel sorry for all the shit I did to Cas and Cas’s house last night.
I finally got back to my mission to buy the ingredients I needed, but another troublemaker – probably a Karen – wants to ruin another day again by trying to cut in front of me in the cash register line. “Omegas should know their place!” And other gibberish like calling for the manager. Definitely a Karen.
"Actually, he didn't know how to row and Mom ended up pulling a muscle getting them back to shore after they cast off," Claire tells him. "He had terrible coordination."
"You knew?" Dean asks. He doesn't need to turn around for Sam to know he's talking to him. There's no way Dad could know about Dean's reasons for getting married if Sam didn't tell him.
By the afternoon, she's sucked it up and decided to check in on Dad. She gets voicemail eight times in a row and is close to chasing him down before he answers. He doesn't sound good.
He barely hears Cas' vows, too busy taking in the neat lines of the shirt Dean ironed for him the day before, the tie Dean helped him straighten as the guests started to arrive. He can faintly smell the laundry powder they've been sharing for the past few months, and he can hear Jack fussing just a little in the background, unused to all those people, and he can see the colour of Claire's dress, the one she wore in spite of his mostly teasing rant about how it's more appropriate for a club than a wedding like some crotchety old dad cliche.
Then he eats and encourages Emma's scarily fast grip of the English language. Hell, he even throws in some Latin just to see how she handles it. After that, he gets out the educational activity books he bought and goes through her shapes and numbers and letters with her. By they time they've finished she seems to be around four and she's already writing him sweet little nonsense notes he carefully tucks away with her favourite baby toys. He only has Sammy to go on, and that kid was a certifiable genius anyway, but he's pretty sure she's ahead of even her physical development. He's not sure whether to be proud or freaked. He only needs to show her something a maximum of three times before she masters it.
"You kissed him," Kevin points out with a hysterical kind of glee. The mess of his hair and the purple under his eyes lend further absurdity to the unhinged tone in his voice. The boy clearly needs sleep. Were Castiel still an angel, he'd put him under with a touch that would keep him there until he was fully rested, regardless of headaches or nightmares.
Dean shoots her an irritated glare. Now is so not the time for her to get the never ending questions bug again.
After everything. After ugly blue sweaters and hospital clothes and coverings of bees and Purgatory grime and... everything, Cas showers and puts on a suit jacket and a blue tie and the trenchcoat over the top, and Dean nearly chokes on his tongue at how gorgeous he looks. How he looks like Cas again.
"Okay. Well, I'm still a ways off Pennsylvania. Best you can do is keep him calm. Maybe do some more research on love spells with Kevin," Sam says reasonably. "If he's still acting... well, not normal, but rational maybe, then there's probably no need to worry just yet. I'll give the wiccan group a call, see who picks up. Maybe they can answer some questions before I get there."
That doesn't sound good. Emma mutes the TV and tries to be casual about turning her full attention to him.
"You're not missing anything with that last one, I promise," Dean says, trying not to eye her built-in weaponry.
He trails off as the room goes quiet, guests finally catching on and Jack finally calming with the lack of shouting.
Emma's quiet for a moment. A motorcycle or something must overtake her from the high pitched, loud roar that passes in her few seconds of silence. "About three hours. Dad-"
"Safe?" Dean echoes. "And where would that be? 'Cause I sure as hell don't know. Doesn't matter where we stash 'em, Crowley'll find them sooner or later, and I won't be able to protect them on my own."
It probably won't, it'll probably dry up fine, then come out in a regular wash. The damn thing's supposed to be dry cleaned, but Dean's pretty sure it could survive. He rushes to the men's room all the same and blots at it with tissues and tap water until his arm is soaked and he can't tell where the original area of the spill was.
"It... It wasn't like that," Sam says. "We promised, Dean. That we wouldn't do this again, that when we died we'd stay dead. Besides, we didn't know for sure where you'd gone. Emma went out on a hunch, and-"
"Right." Dean doesn't feel so great about not knowing how his kid is going around opening magic doors. Seems like the kind of thing that could end up blowing up in their faces.
Emma nods. "My d- my father. He was a hunter, he knew when he saw me that he was my father. I guess he thought if he raised me himself I wouldn't come after him."
That's... Well, that's kind of true. Jimmy should have a missing person's report out on him still. If Daphne had actually tried to find out who Cas was, they'd probably have been going to visit the Novaks again. Still. Cas had seemed... Happy.
Dean meets his eyes, hope and despair mingled behind his shut down expression. "Then what? You need space? We're on a break? What do you want from me, Cas?"
As Castiel contemplates, trying to put his finger on what the difference is precisely, Dean strolls back through with a tray of drinks, handing them out before taking his place at the table next to Castiel. As he hands Castiel his coffee, he passes behind him and drops a kiss to his hair. Castiel freezes.
Still, it's not like there's a lot of other options this short notice. Kelly would strengthen the case a lot better, being Jimmy and Amelia's surrogate for Jack gives her another claim to custody, and she's decently well off with a big house and a promising political career. Somehow Dean doubts she'd be down for a fake marriage on a tight schedule, though. Good christian values and worries of future political scandal to consider and all.
"Again," Erin orders, and Rachel, the girl Emma's sparring with, sweeps her and jabs her hard in the solar plexus.
"You should have said something before today," Sam snaps. "You could've stopped all this before it went this far! Why didn't you tell me we had something on Crowley?"
The words, dropped so casually from Dean's lips, constrict Castiel's heart. He swallows and closes his eyes, ready to bring himself back to reality before it's too late. "For how long?"
"When you've figured out if you're gonna kill me or not, I'll be at the library," She says. The door slams behind her.
Claire nudges Dean and he clears his throat, hoping his voice will come out at least in the neighbourhood of normal. "Yeah, no. We can-we can do that. Nothin' fancy, just a little... w-wedding. Say our 'I dos'. A party after."
Sam hangs up and Castiel is left holding the silent phone to his ear and looking up at a hurt and angry Dean.
Emma fumes. "No. I'm coming with you. I can be useful," she says. "I'm strong. Stronger than you are. I can fight, you know I can."
It hadn't been a hard hunt, there'd been no moment Dean could have thought he'd nearly lost either of them. It hadn't even been particularly long. If anything, it had barely seemed worth the drive time by the end. A regular haunting they'd thought might have demonic elements. Turned out it was just a local group of “tree hugging The Craft cosplayers”, as Dean called them, cluelessly leaving crystals and pentagrams around to try to offer peace to the restless spirit of their dead friend. Once the group had talked to Sam and Dean, they were able to wrap the case up in record time with the information they'd freely shared.
"Cas," Dean says, stalling the ramble. The dots are starting to connect but he needs Cas to get to the point and be normal about this or he'll never be able to be normal about it himself.
When Charlie tells her about Purgatory, and her theory that that's where Dad and Cas ended up, Emma's ready to go out and track down some monsters to question. She's barely stood up before Charlie's hand on her arm tugs her back down. "Woah, slow down, Buffy," Charlie says. "I'm pretty sure if they knew how to get out of Purgatory monsters wouldn't be so reluctant to die."
Charlie quirks an exhausted grin. "Or you could try poking around the places we talked about. See if anything seems odd, or secret headquartersy."
Dean sighs and wraps her in a hug, even though she stays stiff and uncooperative while he does. He presses a kiss to her hair. "We'll be back soon."
Her mom would've turned her over to be raised with all the others, to do nothing with her life but mate and kill. For an all female society, they seemed pretty hung up on reproduction being the end goal for their daughters.
The Amazons have their own language. A kind of bastardised version of Greek. It's familiar enough that Emma picks it up relatively quickly being immersed in it, and she wonders if between this and the Latin, modern Greek and Italian will be easy to learn. Her lessons, if you can really call them that, are more than half sparring sessions, but there's history thrown in as well, that of her people and where they came from. Greek mythology with the twist of coming from a people who lived through the real events. Some weapons theory. A fair bit of learning symbols and rituals, and a few lessons a week on raising young Amazons. Apparently they won't raise their own daughters, but becoming a 'teacher' is a good thing to aim for.
"Do you think Uncle Sam will be up to helping me with my Latin again?" Emma asks as they return the car. Dean shoves a few bills from his wallet behind the mirror as an apology for whatever wear Emma's caused to the car.
It's lucky Garth is already on the case, as many reservations as Dean has about leaving him with it, because they've barely been in Kearney three hours before Emma calls. The girl's been radio silent since Dean told her to stay out of the way with Charlie and he kind of assumed she was sulking. He remembers how it used to feel when his Dad would give him the same order and he was willing to give her some space to be mad at him, so the call is welcome if a little unexpected.
Charlie laughs. "To the thing. To Moondoor. It's like a renaissance fair kinda. But with duelling and camping and fun stuff."
Naomi's lips thin. "If you insist on this foolish charade, I'll see you in court. I'll look forward to the wedding invitation."
She hitches lifts all the way back to Sioux Falls before she bothers buying a phone and a car. Both cheap and barely serviceable. Both disposable. A call to Charlie and she has a date to meet up and go over Charlie's research. With that she heads for Jody's.
It's cold as a priest's balls in the car and Dean's too drunk to safely drive back to the motel. Unfortunately it was laundry day earlier, and even the emergency bags of clothes are sitting pretty in the room along with a probably snoring Sam.
"He's making up memories now," Castiel tells him, impatient to get past Sam's questions. "He just described to me how and when he fell in love with me. He named a date, Sam. He couldn't remember any specifics before. The spell must be progressing."
Sam's getting worse and Dean can't leave him alone as much, so the coat stays safely in the trunk, untouched for weeks at a time. He's still careful to bring it with them whenever they switch vehicles, and he nearly has a heart attack when he goes to look for it and Sam's moved it to get to something else. When he finds it again he spends way too long with it in his hands, resisting the urge to pillow his face on it.
And there's a dangerous part of him that thinks maybe, just maybe, Cas' suspiciously shiny eyes and gummy smile as Dean promises him those exact things, might mean that Cas might want that too.
"Are you going to send me back to Jody's?" Emma asks at last. She stares at the wall for a moment, then turns a determined face on him. "Get me out of the way so you and Uncle Sam can-"
"We'll find somewhere. Set you guys up with warding and supplies. I think Garth has a place," Dean scrambles. They had talked about this, he and Sam, but not in any detail. They've always been One Bridge at a Time type planners, planning out a few options but nothing solid. And this time around they've been a little preoccupied with family drama. "You'd have someone there to protect you, at least."
It doesn't matter if Dean won't remember this conversation in a few moments. It's for the best. If he could, Castiel would erase his own memory of it as well. It's the worst moment of his existence to hear those words from Dean and know he doesn't mean them. "We don't know why, but someone cursed you. When it began, you didn't remember specifics. You believed that we were together but you didn't remember how it happened or when, or our first kiss. But the spell is getting worse. That's why you think that… You think that you have certain feelings for me." Castiel pauses, watches his words sink in. "It's not real, Dean."
He fails and her face collapses into devastation. "You're afraid of me," she all but whispers. Then she raises her voice. "I'm a freak!"
"For better or for worse," Cas says, with that goddamn smile on his face, eyes locked with Dean's unflinchingly.
"Oh. Um," Sam stutters, looking more unsettled than when he was talking about clowns ten minutes ago. "I, uh, I guess."
"Everything," Castiel says, "nothing. I just want you to-" He can't tell the truth. He can't say he wants Dean to want him for real, without a spell. Dean wouldn't understand, then he'd forget it anyway. It's tempting to tell him about the spell just to erase the last few moments so that Castiel doesn't have to answer at all, but Castiel can't bring himself to manipulate Dean's memory that way.
He'd have imagined strippers. Ones much hotter than Ash, a lot better at dancing, and with a way better soundtrack. Probably a full on club crawl, going from bar to night club to strip club, or a casino, or maybe a trip to some seedy place specifically designed to let comitmentphobic men get all the sleeziness out of their system. He'd have imagined getting so drunk Sam has to carry him back to his home, or maybe hotel room, fending off the heavily slurred confessions of cold feet that would be Dean's last thoughts before passing out.
Rachel is fierce and proud. She doesn't want to live her life popping out kids any more than Emma does, but she's a true initiate. She's killed before and she's more than happy to do it again. She also loves Taylor Swift and spray cheese, as Emma finds out when Rachel smuggles the latter into the dorms and offers Emma some.
"Sweetheart, I've killed scarier monsters than you in my sleep," Dean says, hand twitching towards his belt. "You picked the wrong baby daddy."
"It's possible," Charlie says. "At the very least it's a working theory, and the best one I've got."
"Right." Dean chuckles quietly and keeps playing with Castiel's fingers. "So do you wanna like, make out or something?"
Emma shrugs. "Only what I told you on the phone. They're holed up in a closed down diner a couple streets over. Don't think anyone else has arrived yet, but who the hell knows who Mrs. Tran's been talking to. She must be pretty desperate to be talking to strangers on the internet, and desperate people make dumb mistakes."
Dean's stomach drops and his hands start to sweat as it comes closer to his turn, closer to the moment Cas takes his hand and slides a ring onto his finger, closer to the officiant pronouncing them legally wed. He realises, as he automatically repeats the vows as the officiant prompts him, that he means them. Every word. He wants this.
"Just a happy coincidence," Dad says snidely. "When we're done here, maybe we can take advantage of the reception bar for a little family reunion. It's been awhile."
The one he wore to the funerals. Yeah, no. Not gonna happen. "Maybe we can..." Dean drags the budget list over. Damn. He'd thought such a small, half-assed wedding would be cheaper. There really isn't money for another suit in there. "Okay, so we ditch the suits. Smart casual, or casual casual. Hell, tikki themed even. Whatever."
"It's fine," Emma says, when it looks like Dad might actually argue. "I'll go check on Charlie or something. She's been holed up on her own with those books for long enough, she could probably use a sanity check."
Breakfast at the diner the next morning is tense. Sam hasn't spoken a word to Dean since their trip to the store and Dean is in no mood to argue with him. He's still exhausted, he feels like he hasn't eaten in days, and there's a creepy as hell older guy in a booth opposite who keeps eyeing Emma in a way that makes Dean want to knock his teeth in.
But he can't risk it. Tries to distract her with a straight to video movie playing on the crappy TV set.
"You don't love me," Castiel says. "We're not together. We've never kissed. You didn't fall in love with me when I rebelled. It's a spell."
"I don't know, anything. Chew me out over Benny, or tell me I'm an idiot, or somethin'," Dean suggests. Anything's better than silence.
The funeral is overcast and as miserable as a funeral should be. Cas wears the same suit he wore to bury Jimmy, and Claire spends the whole day without saying a single word to anyone. Dean doesn't blame her. He's had his fair share of tragedy in his family, but losing both parents so close together...
One thing Emma learned from the Amazons is that torture is for training. For compliance and breaking a person. It doesn't get reliable answers when employed as an interrogation method, especially not on someone you haven't conditioned yourself. Bribery and bargaining work better. So she starts there.
Emma goes to change into her brand new pyjamas and brush her teeth and Dean considers what the hell they're supposed to do next. Things haven't stopped with Emma's arrival. They still have Leviathan and Sam's messed up head to deal with, and now they have a teenager along with them. It feels like it's been a lot longer than two days.
"That would be incestuous," Castiel comments calmly, sipping some of the cream from the top of his drink before the melting weight of it can displace the liquid and make it run down the side.
Sam glares at her and Dean fights the urge to move inbetween them. "You know I never wanted this life, Dean. And with you gone... there was nothing to keep me in it."
"He's my uncle," Emma says distractedly. She's already choosing what pie to get, even though Dean hasn't actually agreed to buy any yet.
"Hell if I know. She's been keeping track of him longer than either of us has, though," Dean says, trying to forget why exactly that is. Both the reason Emma has been doing so and the fact Sam hasn't. "Got more practice I guess."
"It's the truth," Emma snaps. She slams her book shut and flings herself off the bed and towards the door.
"What, are you moving to New Orleans now?" Dean asks, a little on the back foot himself. First Sam's leaving him for a chick and a dog, now his daughter wants to move out to an apocalypse bunker.
Dad waits until he has solid eye contact with her, eyebrows slightly raised, waiting for her to come clean of her own accord.
"I know. But I've tried everything I can think of to get that door open and nothing. And before Emma opened it the folks around here tried, too, and they didn't get anywhere," Charlie says.
Emma nods and tries not to feel abandoned. She's the one that chose to leave Dad, Jody, and the Amazons. "Yeah, sure."
"Come on," Dean says, throwing bills on the table to cover their bill. "We'll pick up pie and snacks before we say bye to Benny."
Kevin looks no more elucidated than he was before and keeps opening his mouth as if to ask a question, and then changing his mind.
Rachel scoffs. "He wanted you to be some kind of hunter's pet. A hunting dog to send out after bloodsuckers and corpse eaters."
"Well," Crowley says. "Historically, making deals with Winchesters doesn't always go so well for me."
Emma shrugs, much like Dean had a moment before. "Something to do rather than watching hospital dramas with my dad."
"It's alright," Castiel tries to reassure him. He knew Dean didn't really feel the same way, and as painful as it is to hear it, it's worth it to have Dean back in his right mind.
Cas leaves again, and Dean would scream at him if he could, yell at him to stop leaving all the goddamn time and stay to fix his mess. To fix Dean. By the time they find Cas again, him and Benny that is, he's saner than he's been in months. Scruffy and dirty and nothing like himself, no angelic dry cleaning keeping him pristine. Dean tells himself he doesn't care. Hell, the peach fuzz really does suit him, or would if Dean could let go of his mental image of him.
Sometimes he takes it out and doesn't wear it, instead draping it over a chairback as if Cas left it there himself and will be back any minute to reclaim it. It's pathetic, but that doesn't stop him. He is pathetic these days, there's no point in denying it.
Dean props himself up a little to open it and take a sip. He grins contentedly at Castiel around the mouth of the bottle and Castiel's stomach drops.
Living with Sheriff Mills isn't too terrible. She's cool, if a bit stricter than Dad ever was. She doesn't try to get Emma to call her 'mom' and she swears a lot more than even Dad did. She insists homework gets done before any extracurricular reading Emma wants to do, and Emma's curfew is strictly enforced.
Dean sees flashes of tan every time he wakes up. Sees it out of the corner of his eye. Sees it, just for a second, over his own shoulders sometimes when he catches his reflection. Then he sees it everywhere.
"Feeling you up?" Sam finishes for him. "Well, so far he's not gone further than some family friendly PDA, but you can always try to keep in the same room as Kevin. Unless the spell drives him completely crazy, Dean isn't gonna jump you in front of him."
"Dean," Castiel cuts him off. "You don't kiss me. We've never... I think someone may have interferred with your memory."
She gives him the deadline of her birthday, March 2nd, before she's out of here. If he's not back for then, she'll leave and start looking properly. Sheriff Mills or no Sheriff Mills.
Their eyes lock and Dean holds his breath, waiting for Cas' reaction. To see if he still wants to do this now they don't have to.
Emmanuel's house is very neat looking. Tidy and normal and safe. Dean hates it on sight and only hates it harder when he finally meets the miracle man.
Dean chuckles obligingly and tries to think of a way to broach the fact that secrets never work out well for Winchesters. "So, what have you been up to while I've been in monsterland?"
"So, what? You just stroll off into the sunset with your girl and forget about it all? Forget about me?" Dean presses, because he's never been one to resist pressing on a bruise.
Four hours later and he's pulling at the cuffs of his shirt as everyone takes their seats, or in the less fortunate cases, their places along the back wall. It still feels so surreal.
He shrugs. "Not really. But after 'trina they found one. Couldn't open it, and it wasn't safe enough to be worth forcing it, but it's around here somewhere."
Dean wolf whistles when he enters the kitchen, tossing him a wink over Kevin's mussed head. "Lookin' good, Cas. Pants on before noon? What's the occasion?"
He still seems wary of and a little hostile towards Emma, but Sam greets her with a respectful nod at least, and even with the awkwardness, Dean warrants a manly hug. "So," Sam says when they pull apart. "Purgatory."
"Of course you like the chocolate, it's chocolate," Dean replies, mouth full of raspberry sponge. The bakery is nothing fancy, they can't afford a proper wedding place, but they have a basic range and they're willing to make it big and fancy enough to count.
If he could have pushed aside his concern at the uncharacteristic behaviour, Castiel would have happily let it lie. He'd mostly intended on doing so anyway, until Dean kissed his hair. The rest could be explained by an odd mood, or some internal trigger to Dean's protective instincts that only Dean was aware of. But a
"Dean," Castiel starts, then falters. He pulls himself together. This is the only way to get Dean back to normal, and even if Dean's unhappy about it, he'll forgive Castiel for it if it stops him doing and saying things he doesn't truly want to do or say. "Dean, I rebelled because I love you. And because it was the right thing to do, but I only knew that because you told me it was. I would trust your judgement over the very word of God, because I truly believe that your goodness could never steer me wrong. I would follow you into Hell because I cannot fathom ever turning away from you. You are the best, most courageous, most loving man I have ever encountered and from the moment I met you, I knew I never wanted to be apart from you."
"Craigslist," Emma says brightly. Dean sometimes struggles to tell which is the act: the sarcasm or the preppiness. Most of the time he thinks neither, sometimes both.
"I don't know who this Garth is, but we don't need a teenaged girl to protect us," Mrs. Tran replies, tone and eyes laying a whole lot of judgment on Dean, as if he was the one that suggested it.
Sam doesn't move. His gaze tracks over her eyes, her fingers, but he doesn't flinch or reach for a weapon. "I thought it would make it different."
The phone, or rather Emma's phone, rings nearly as soon as they set foot in the motel room. Emma answers it and puts it on speaker.
"Jesus Christ," a voice interrupts. An impossible voice. A voice that can't be here, can't be anywhere except in Dean's head. "You really shat the bed this time, didn't you, Dean."
Sam shifts. "I mean, I think we all assumed that, well, you would be the one with a problem with the, um... PDA."
Dean takes a second to let his brain catch up. He doesn't need any extra time to reach a decision, though. "Okay."
Naomi stands up improbably straighter. "You have no more claim to custody than we do, and we can provide a stable family unit with two incomes and two parents. We live in an excellent school district and have strong ties to the community. You, on the other hand, might orphan these kids a third time in your low income, public sector job, and have no resources or support to raise them. Any judge in the country will pick a happily married couple over a mentally and financially unstable bachelor."
"Wh-" Dean breaks off with a disturbed, confused laugh. "I-" He stares helplessly at Castiel, unable to finish whatever it is that he's trying to say.
The next time isn't so incidental. He and Sam had a yelling match again, and Dean doesn't even remember what it was over. They do that a lot these days, and it's a safe bet that Sam got sick of the dark cloud hanging around Dean and tried to make him talk about it or stop drinking so much or out and out told him to stop wallowing. So Dean's on his own heading to interview witnesses for the case they're on while Sam's headed over to the morgue, choosing to deal with the corpses alone over dealing with Dean.
"They found me," Emma tells them. She pulls herself up to sit from her position lying on her stomach. "They said they knew I wasn't a runaway and they offered to take me back in." She scoffs. "And when I say offered, it was that or
"You mean my monster face?" Emma asks skeptically. "You sure you won't reach for a gun the second I show you?"
Jody hugs her before the door is even all the way open. "Kiddo, you scared me half to death. Where the hell have you been?!"
"I know, I know, there was a lot going on. But the heart wants what it wants, right?" Dean says lightly, a hint of humour colouring his words but not changing them into a joke. "I mean, I always thought you were hot, but until you went to angel boot camp, I thought it was just Jimmy's body I found hot. Then Jimmy turned out to have nothin' on you. Still, thought maybe it was just a bit of a complex, you know? You did pull me from the pit, maybe that was just making me... I dunno, confused or whatever."
Sam pulls a face Dean's sure is supposed to be amusement. "Sure." He fidgets with his pen for a moment before inhaling to say something else. "Would you be doing this if there was another way to win the case?" Sam asks.
While Jody bustles about the kitchen, cursing and sighing by turns as she makes coffee and fixes sandwiches how she knows Emma likes them, Emma runs her fingers over the mark on her wrist. It's scarred well, the brand clear. She bought wristbands similar to the ones Dad used to wear when she bought her phone, but she hasn't brought herself to put one on just yet.
Emma's look of disappointment when she comes back to find there's only Dean left echoes Dean's own disappointment and he decides the best course of action is to bury their feelings in junk food and good music.
Not in the mood to question the freaky door, Emma moves further in. It's definitely not a bomb shelter. Or, at least, not just a bomb shelter. The bunker, archive and private library descriptions all seem to suit better, though it's not a particularly big version of any of the above. The low corridor opens out onto a main room filled with books and filing cabinets, with two doors leading off to a small bathroom and a studio set up with two sets of bunk beds. It's not much of a chapter house, but it looks like it served its purpose as an archive and bolt hole until whatever it was happened to its occupants.
Dean's head is still pounding at 10am the next morning as chugs black coffee and tries to make himself drink just as much water to stop the coffee from making the dehydration worse. Cas, god love him, made breakfast and told Dean he'd pick Claire up instead, and if this is the kind of treatment he can look forward to then he might seriously consider moving in on a more permanent basis. Even Jack has the decency to sit quietly in his bouncer while Dean's aspirin kicks in.
Emma's oblivious. It's her first time eating out and she's enraptured with everything from the faintly sticky menus to their ashtray scented waitress. She's ordered more food than Dean, and Dean's pretty sure she'll eat it all.
"Yes I am! I'm a monster, a..." Emma raises her hands in front of herself and starts to cry. "I'm a..."
"Didn't Amelia say she wanted you to have custody?" Dean asks. "No way a judge'll go against that, right?"
"Did you leave the dog at home?" Emma asks. Her voice is flippant but Dean can see her white knuckled grip on her book, the way she hasn't lifted her eyes from the page since they started raising their voices.
Dean stares a moment more before blinking and looking away, back in the general direction of Sam and Kevin. "Can we have a minute?"
," Naomi says the way Ellen might say 'moist' or Sam might say 'processed food', "is not a part of this. Sofa surfing colleagues aren't part of custody agreements. If anything, a judge might find it a little concerning that your uncle's single male friend is living here with a teenage girl."
The hunt goes as well as can be expected. So does the next one, and the one after that. And if Dean's distracted from Sammy's failing mental health while he works on cases, keeps his overly curious daughter out of danger and stays on the lookout for angry amazons and niece murdering brothers, then he thinks he can be excused. Or that's what he tells himself.
Emma's wide eyed and terrified as he opens the door, even knowing by the name who's waiting behind it. "Dad?"
There isn't much else to do and Dean really does seem to want to go out. Not to mention that he's less likely to try anything 'non-family friendly' out in public. Perhaps he'll even stop the touching stuff altogether. "Of course."
Jo shrugs. "Cas didn't ask you to do any of this. You offered. And that's great, you're an angel, whatever. But he's a big boy, he can take care of himself for five minutes while you blow off some steam."
"How did you... What are you..." Dean can't decide on a question. "You're not..." She can't be dead. Please, god, don't let her be dead.
He's just about ready to ask Emma if she has a cell phone so he can call Sam. He's more than a little surprised that it's Emma that found him and that Sam isn't there, but the only way to get his questions answered is by the man himself, and besides which Dean's missed his brother. He waits until Emma finishes updating Charlie, who opted to stay back in New Orleans to go through the Men of Letters archive Emma says had the information on reapers in it. Dean honestly wonders why none of that ever came up when Cas and Crowley were trying to get into Purgatory at the start of it all, but he's not complaining at the results. He does kind of wish Charlie had come with them to find Benny's bones, but it's a selfish fantasy and he's used to reunions being brief by now.
"God, I was wrong," Jo says after his impassioned rant about how much laundry Jack manages to get through each day. "You don't just need out of the house, you need to get laid. And if Cas won't do the job..."
"Anyway," Emma says. "He seemed to think that if they were able to go after him right now, they already would've before he left."
"She's right," Cas tells him, after making sure Claire's upstairs and Jack's occupied with his teethers. "I don't have anything in writing from Amelia, and my situation is less than ideal."
Dean blinks. Right. Their case. The custody case that was the whole reason for this to begin with. That Naomi and Crowley have no hope in hell of winning anyway if Crowley's going to jail on drug charges. They don't have to get married.
While Dad taught her to strong, Jody taught her to be pragmatic, and Emma has enough money taken from Erin's safe to go wherever she wants to go. There'll be more if she can get away with emptying the school's accounts before the other Amazons get there. She doesn't have the skills for that herself, but she has a near photographic memory, and she knows the number Charlie Day gave to Dad, and she knows Charlie will feel bad enough about what happened to Dad that she'll help Emma. She might even have some new information Emma can use.
"Please tell me you've not been treating your niece like shit because you're pissed at me?" Dean presses.
"Maybe," Emma says, meaning 'what the hell are you talking about'. The words make sense individually, but she's not got a whole lot of knowledge to contextualise them. Sometimes it's extremely weird being a one year old teenager.
"He does," Emma admits. She knows it makes Dad uncomfortable, being reminded of what she is, but he's never loved her any less for it so it doesn't sting too badly.
Dean looks over the marriage license he picked up an hour ago as he waits for Sam to show. He's still not sure how much good being married to him will do Cas. Yes, he'll have a 'two parent' situation for the kids and an extra income, at least on paper, but being gay married to a guy with a GED and a give 'em hell attitude might not be a particularly effective challenge to psychiactric doctor straight married to a contract lawyer.
"Don't I get a say in what that is?" Claire snaps, storming into the kitchen and brushing past Dean as if he's furniture to stand in front of Jack, as if blocking him off from her aunt.
Castiel watches Dean, desperately wishing he had the words. They came so easily before, when he was telling Dean how much he means to him, when he was telling him he meant it. But now, when Dean's waiting for him to answer, he has nothing to say. Or too much to say. Either way, he's not speaking.
"To what?" Dean yells in frustration, then looks around at the scattered people around them enjoying the park and forces his voice level. "What can I do? What do you want me to do?"
The officiant rallies admirably. "I now pronounce you legally wed and bestow upon you the blessings of us, your friends, your family, and your community. You may kiss."
She shakes her head. "I'm not sure what she thinks about me. It's gotta have been pretty obvious I'm not normal, but for all I know she just thinks Dean had me super young and abducted me from foster care when I grew up or something. I never asked."
"Cas is holding up pretty well," Sam says. They both watch as Cas bounces Jack on his knee and nods along earnestly to whatever Kelly is saying.
As it is Claire is gleefully enjoying her night with the grown ups and trading conspirital grins with Jo, who Dean knows told Claire the coke she gave her had booze in it. It's underhanded, but Dean would rather let that little lie go than have Claire know she's the only one not drinking alcohol and have her get hammered on stealing gulps of other people's drinks. He does remember being her age, and he knows that's what he'd have done. If anything, it's a little shocking to him that Claire can't tell that the only thing Jo spiked her drink with was selzter and lime. He was more than familiar enough to make that distinction by her age.
When Emma stares longingly at the display with the pies in it as they settle up, the waitress gives Dean a wink and leans into Emma conspiratorially. "Why don't you ask your dads if you can take some for the road. I'll even give 'em a discount."
The others have broken from their tasks and are also looking at him with varying degrees of concern.
Emma continues before she can speak. "If there's anywhere you're gonna find something to use against Crowley, it's there. It's filled with books on demons and stuff, and Charlie even found some old spell ingredients and talismans in storage. Way more reliable than a Craigslist witch, and way safer."
"So, where do we start?" Emma asks. They made a loose plan on the way over, marking off the library and the town hall on the map and talking about where they'd hide a secret headquarters if they were white men in the early 20th century, but they hadn't really decided where to look first.
"Yeah, but it's not like either of us is gonna be tossing a bouquet," Dean points out. The baker reads off his total and Dean turns his attention to reading off his card number. When he hangs up Cas is still frowning down at the list. "What?"
"I don't know what's going on here, man," Dean confesses. "I kiss you all the goddamn time. I know I'm not, like, Mr. Public Displays of Affection or anything, but-"
"It was supposed to be her birthright, killing you," Lydia says in response to his silence. "But I suppose we'll have to find another way for her to be initiated."
"No," Charlie says. "But I did find something interesting. Remember I said it might be a locking spell? Well it looks like the Men of Letters guys did know some magic, and used it. It's possible they wanted to make sure only they could get into their bases, with or without a key. Likely, even. The question is-"
Castiel can't handle the distress on Dean's face on top of his own. Whatever this is, it's so very cruel. Offering him a glimpse of a Dean that loves him not as a brother but as a person he kisses. A person he's
Sam shakes his head. "How would we explain what we were doing there to Dean? It's fine. I'll get it done. We'll tell Dean I'm tracking down a lead on some information about the trials or something. He'll be back to normal before he even thinks to question it."
"They said it was obvious when you guys were interviewing them that Dean was holding himself back from what he wanted because he thought he couldn't have it. So..." Sam sighs and there's a sound like Sam's pulled the phone away from his ear and put it down.
"Cas thinks they'll be too scattered to come after him," Emma says, flipping the page of a book that Dean's genuinely worried might be bound in human skin. "Apparently things were too chaotic to have gotten back to normal while you were gone, and Cas thinks he still has at least some loyalists he can turn to to start getting things back on track. He said something about how the angels will have felt the disturbance in the force when he came back." She looks up. "I mean, he didn't actually say 'disturbance in the force'."
It's already been longer, this thing with Jody, than Emma was alive before. She was only with Dad for a couple of months tops, and she's been with Jody at least that already. It doesn't feel that way.
"No!" Emma repeats unconvincingly. "Not really. I just... thought it might be useful to know. Keep my options open." She looks between them. "I wouldn't really have done it!"
Then again, from a personal perspective that may have been better. Maybe if John hadn't outlived Mary by so many years, Dean wouldn't have been stuck watching him turn into the bitter, angry and borderline abusive man he became. Maybe Dean and Sam could have grown up with someone more like Bobby, who would have wrapped his arm around Dean the way Cas keeps doing to Claire, instead of handing him a shotgun and disappearing on cases for weeks at a time.
Except for the hand Dean holds out to the camera, middle finger raised pride of place in the middle of the picture.
It's been months. He couldn't say exactly how many, but Dean's pretty sure it's been at least six. Maybe seven or eight. Possibly more.
Dean scoffs. "What? You don't wanna hit me up for child support?" He shakes his head. "You know I'm not walking away from this."
"Alright," Dean says, sitting down next to her and praying to God those sideways glances people are giving him aren't them thinking he's hitting on his own daughter. He feels all kinds of out of place here as it is, without worrying about that whole mess. "What do we know?"
"Archives?" The man repeats. He looks around the area. Emma guesses there were houses not too long ago, but either they haven't got around to rebuilding or they haven't bothered. "I don't know about any of that, but you're standing on top of that bomb shelter."
"And I'm looking out for you," Jo says, just a touch of slurring around the edges as the orders the next round with nothing more than a raised hand at the bartender. "I love Cas. He's great, and we all wanna look out for him. But I love you, too. I'm just saying, you take on a lot of other people's shit, and that's admirable or whatever, but sooner or later you're gonna burn yourself out."
He's down half a beer and three shots of whisky and spilling his woes, such as they are, onto the bartop before he even realises that was Jo's whole motivation for dragging him out.
"The weak get killed," Rachel says, passing Emma a kitkat. "It wouldn't mean anything if it was easy. Besides," she grins. "It's fun."
The film finishes and Castiel feels dread and anticipation pool in his gut. He may have been unaware of what else a romantic relationship with Dean entails, but he does know that sex is important to Dean. If he truly thinks they're together....
"You're right, I don't remember our first kiss. Or any of 'em," Dean admits, steel in his face and voice. "Maybe none of that's real. Maybe it never happened."
"You were here because you had nowhere else to be," Naomi says, finally raising her voice to the same level as the others, and Jack finally starts to realise something is wrong beyond the normal yelling of his sister.
Eventually it stops smelling like Cas, or Jimmy or whatever, and that stings just as much as recognising the smell had in the first place. But it still feels like it brings a little bit of him back whenever he catches himself in a reflection, trenchcoat filled out and alive around him instead of passive and neglected in the car. It doesn't fit quite right, and it's not as warm as some of his own jackets, but it feels comfortable in a way even his dad's old jacket never did.
"I dunno, ask him I guess. If it's broken he should remember it breaking," Sam says. "I gotta go. I'm heading back, I'll be there by tonight."
"The kitsune chick?" Dean says, frowning. Was that what this was about? "Are you sulking 'cause I killed your girlfriend? Sam, she was killing people!"
"My kid," Dean interrupts, Emma's breakdown still too recent a memory for him to allow talk of her origin in front of her. "Sammy, this is Emma. Emma, Uncle Sammy."
If she knows Emma was kidnapped as a baby, Emma has no doubt Rachel knows she didn't kill her dad. "No. He disappeared on a hunt. They think he got himself killed."
Dean rolls his eyes. "Sure. We'll talk. Now will you lighten the hell up? I'm getting married tomorrow, not buried."
"Then we'll open it again," Emma replies, not looking away from the bookshelves. It's unclear how, but the air is dry and cool and there's clearly electricity powering the overhead lights.
"Bullshit!" Dean snaps. "Maybe the rest of it is fake, maybe we aren't together and it's all in my head. But
"Charlie said it's traditional to try to bang a bridesmaid at a wedding," Claire says easily, as she drags Sam bodily onto the dancefloor. Dean's really going to have to rethink Charlie's influence on the kids.
"Why can't we change, though? Do something different to honour the pact? I haven't killed anyone yet and I'm still strong," Emma points out. "If Harmonia really cared how we honour her, surely she'd come back and show us how to do it without getting ourselves killed."
"No. Nah. Just... You don't even like guys. You were always kinda..." He stalls.  "I mean, if Dad was here..."
Sam makes a vague noise of disagreement. Sam was barely six months old when Mom died, and even he remembers how badly Dad broke down. So badly Sam's formative memories of the guy were probably of him crying and drinking and yelling. "Still, can't be easy."
"That's it, you're grounded until you're sixty," Dean replies easily, shifting to support her weight. "Good luck finding someone to marry your wrinkly ass then."
Seeing his daughter, and she is now, in more ways than just DNA, going full monster form is painful. He was raised to kill her kind. And she was born to kill his.
"Shut up. I told you to stay out of it, but if you're in this then you're gonna play it by my rules, okay? I'm not havin' you run in there spooking them, or drawing Crowley right to 'em," Dean says. "You set up shop and you wait for me. We go in together. Got it?"
Dean looks over her shoulder as he bounces Jack on his hip. The picture would be sickeningly romantic, Dean and Cas kissing, the bliss of it writ large on both their faces, fingers tangled together between them.
Dean nods, still a little hungover and a lot stunned. He really should have ignored Jo's taunting about being Cas's wife and gone home when the room started spinning. The thought occurs to him that Cas's wife is exactly what he just signed up to be. He laughs a little hysterically. "Damn, Cas. That was the least romantic proposal I ever heard."
Dean looks at him incredulously. What, did he want a vacation slideshow? "Well the weather was nicer in Hell, but Purgatory locals were a little friendlier."
It's nonsense and yet some part of Dean thinks he knows where this is going, because even if his brain hasn't quite connected the dots yet, his heart is going haywire in his chest as Cas gathers himself to say more.
She makes good time, only making a few stops for sleep and bathroom breaks along the way, eager to be in friendly company again.
She's probably about twelve developmentally speaking, and he assumes the Amazon genes are kicking in with puberty. Her teenage angst is certainly setting in early, and she wants to leave the motel room. It strikes him again how damn useless his parenting skills, such as they are, have been to her. She's not been outside of this shitty motel room since she was a baby. Of course she wants out.
Emma scrunches her nose at the thought of spending her time in a library that probably doesn't have proper air conditioning. She's seen pictures of the building and she wouldn't actually be shocked if they didn't have working electricity.
The diner doesn't even look that run down in comparison to everything around it. A little scuffed and worn, but like the owner could swing by at any time and open it back up again. Like it's just waiting.
Charlie finds some references to a group known as the 'Men of Letters', which they both agree is eye rollingly patriarchal, and some clues about a chapter house in New Orleans. Apparently these guys were supernatural scholars with chapters all over the country, until they suddenly went quiet in the late '50s. Honestly, Emma's about 99% sure it's going to be a waste of time, but Charlie seems to think it's worth looking at, and unless they want to track down Kevin Tran and turn him over to a demon, they've got no other leads.
"I don't see how removing them from their home and the people they're used to is what is best for them," Castiel says, just as much bitchy fury in his tone as Claire had. "We're doing fine, we don't need your interference!"
But the having no friends problem is still there, and she's legally only fifteen so anyplace with age restrictions is a no go. Maybe the movies? Or there might be an arcade or something nearby? Her only examples come from watching TV and overhearing her classmates talk.
"Of course not! Of course it's not easy! But people are always dying. Your words," Sam says bitchily. "And honestly? We've done enough! I went to hell, Dean. For centuries. I've died more times than I can keep track off. I've lost everyone I ever cared about, you included several times over, and I'm done. I can't do it anymore. I won't."
Cas scratches his head with a pencil and marks off the cake on their list. "We'll have to lower the flower budget."
"And that, that was our first kiss, Cas. It happened," Dean continues. "And if you don't feel the same way then there's not a shit ton I can do about it, but it happened and it was real!"
"Say something," Dean insists. They haven't spoken more than two words to each other since Sam met Benny and it's driving him nuts. He'd hoped after the good werewolf girl Sam would be more mellow, but he went straight for the silent treatment. He's already made it clear that he's gone once they find Kevin again and he spends so much time on his goddamn phone he may as well have already left.
He hangs up and tosses his own phone into the passenger seat. Maybe he's the kind of hypocrite that can at least take his own advice. Maybe he can get one of those prissy hands free things. Not like Sammy'll be there to gloat about it.
Emma speaks out loud the Amazonian rites she memorised when she first resolved to do this, and she creeps around the emergency services personnel to scoop a handful of ashes into a box. She'll carry this with her always, and it's only right there's something physical to carry too.
They sit in awkward silence until Uncle Sam shifts and clears his throat. "So is that like an amazon thing? You need lots of protein or something?"
They set up shop and spend the next three days going through the archives and trying varying qualities of food from the restaurants around town.
Cas sighs heavily and shakes his head. "I don't know. I should... I should look in on what's going on in Heaven. If they'll even have me now. I've caused so much damage."
That prompts a joyous laugh and Dean shifts his position to get more comfortable. "What, you want an exact date?"
His eyes catch on the tan fabric in the rearview as he checks his hair and the bags under his eyes, and he stares at it for a long moment. When he gets out of the car, he brings the coat with him and shrugs it on. He's not sure why, only that he didn't feel like going in and talking to grieving widows alone, and somehow the idea of wearing Cas' coat makes him feel a little like Cas is with him, about to tell the shaken civilians all about the monsters in that awkward, matter of fact way of his.
"I guess," Emma says skeptically. "Why do we do the whole... you know, killing thing, though? If we're trying to rebuild and grow our numbers, it seems dumb. Like hanging up a big sign, 'monsters here, come hunt us'."
"Naomi's trying to take the kids," Dean tells him. He's not going to beat around the bush with this. "Cas' lawyer doesn't think he stands much chance as a single guy, and, well, I'm available."
Dean still can't quite order the thoughts in his head. There's no words for how bashit freaking insane this is. Maybe this whole surreal day is just him finally having a psychotic break. Maybe the realisation that everything he ever wanted is stood two feet away from him was too much for him to handle. "How- What- You're dead!"
They don't bother going back to the motel. Sam's right, the amazons will be trying to find them, and if Sam managed it then they probably won't be far behind. Dean picks a state to aim for at random and doesn't stop driving until the road starts swimming in front of his eyes.
Kevin takes up the explanation, lazily concocting a story about a museum exhibition on Judaism that might have some rare religious texts on angels.
Dean waves them down as they ready themselves to fight her off, and catches her as she flings herself at him. "Emma?" He asks more than a little disbelievingly.
"Sam, we're doing this. I'm not letting him lose those kids," Dean says as seriously as he can muster. "You're the only blood I got left. I want you there."
"You get within walking distance and you set up shop in a diner or a coffee shop or somethin', you hear me?" Dean orders. He never likes giving orders. Still feels weird to hand them out instead of take them, and he can hear echoes of his own dad in his voice that he still has mixed feelings about. But sometimes he has to stop the people he loves from doing something stupid.
"Some of the documents I managed to sift through before I got locked out mentioned legacies. Like, descendants of the Men of Letters," Charlie continues obliviously. "They seemed pretty sure their kids and grandkids and so on and so forth would take up the family business, and they prepped for it. There were training manuals that included bits and pieces about it, but mostly it just seemed to be taken as read. Even the daughters were expected to marry potential recruits."
Dean breathes and forces his eyes up to his reflection in the grimy bathroom mirror. The tan around his shoulders settles him enough to stand straight. One drink and then he'll get the hell out of here and back on to helping Sam. Trying to help Sam. Failing to help Sam.
"It's nothing for you to worry about," Castiel tells him, climbing to his feet and pulling in as deep breaths as he's able on his way back towards the car.
Dean rolls his eyes, though he's still got a smile lingering at the edges of his mouth. "You're my first choice of date to hunter prom."
Emma convinces Cas to stick around through a combination of constant bombardment and the ever famous kid strategy of 'just five more minutes'. Cas doesn't look all that pleased about it, though he makes no move to stop her.
Again, there's no argument Castiel can make that isn't based on his own injured feelings. "Alright."
"Does she not live with you?" Kevin asks. "Why doesn't she live with you? Does her mom have custody?"
The first time she goes red eyed and sharp fingernailed, he nearly has a mental breakdown. What is he doing? Why did he think this was a good idea?
The staring thing is a little creepy, but she figures this guy might have been around in the '50s so it's worth a shot asking. "Do you know about any private libraries around here? Or maybe archives? A bunker maybe?" The descriptions in Charlie's sources varied and Emma doesn't know which is more likely to get her results.
A week later, he takes Sam to the hospital. Leaves him there. There's a miracle guy Dean's got to go find, but if he's honest with himself, he doesn't think there are any more miracles left out there for them. They've used up their allotted and then some.
"What?" Dean scoffs. "You've looked after these kids pretty much since Jack was born. You have a job, the house is in Claire's name anyway, you're healthy..."
"No," Charlie answers. "But I did leave some stuff in there. Listen, I think it might be a magic lock of some kind."
"It's really that easy for you, huh? Tie up some loose ends and bail," Dean says. "Leave it all behind you like there ain't people dyin' out here."
Emma can't get near him without him lashing out, and Dean can't get more than one sentence of sense out of him. Sam ends up in the loony bin, and Dean doesn't know what they do now. How to save his brother. How to keep what's left of his family together.
Rachel's aiming to take Erin's job when she's old enough. She says it usually doesn't happen until an Amazon's had at least two kids herself, but Rachel's hoping to get away with one if she can prove she's more useful training initiates.
Dean tries to find reassurance in Cas' eyes that what he's hearing isn't real, but Cas is frowning for the first time since 6am this morning, and turning away from Dean and towards the voice.
She shrugs it off, though. They already agreed to this, and she's not so childish as to put her feelings in front of whatever the King of Hell wants with Kevin.
Castiel's jaw clenches. He can't play act as Dean's partner for however long it takes Sam to find the witch and end the spell, no matter how mild the act. "We should all go back to Pennsylvania. It'll be easier to find the witch with us all working on it."
, but he's got over a year of sobriety all told and he's not gonna break that streak while Sam's still in stabbing distance of Emma. "I don't know what the hell your issue is, but you're lying to yourself if you think that's it."
They have. It's only the usual research they perform between hunts. Searching for ways to heal the damage the trials did to Sam, to see if there's potentially a way for him to ever finish the trials without it killing him. Looking into angel lore to check for ways to restore Heaven. Important work, but work that will keep. None of them have been particularly motivated for at least a month due to their lack of progress on either front.
"You want to track down the King of Hell on your own?" Charlie asks skeptically. "I think we should call your Uncle Sam."
The artificial memory of the character Sam's referring to pops into Castiel's awareness and he bats it away in frustration. "How am I supposed to stop him from... from..."
"Benny's not coming with us?" Emma asks neutrally. She hasn't really formed much of an opinion on the vampire yet, and Dean knows its his own transmitted paranoia of supernatural creatures that keeps her from getting on with him. Benny's been nothing but nice to her.
Claire jumps up and grabs at Sam's arm. "C'mon, Jo said she won't dance with me anymore. It's your turn."
By the weekend Jo's convinced him to come drinking. They rarely get a weekend where neither one of them is on the clock or on call, and Dean hasn't been out with the any of guys in at least a month. Hasn't really been anywhere except hospitals and funeral planners.
It's now a little after four, and Dean has been acting strangely. Not enough that anyone but Castiel seems to have noticed, but just a little to the side of how he might usually act.
Dean groans inwardly at the reminder of where they are and why. Not that he'd really forgotten, just got a little sidetracked by his only child declaring her intentions to emancipate herself. "Linda-"
"Sorry," Sam says as he enters, "big drug dealing case, lots of tentacles. Kept getting caught in briefings. So what was it you want to talk about?" Sam folds his massive frame into the chair opposite Dean instead of behind his own desk. If Dean didn't know better, he'd say his brother looked nervous about something. Probably fair given the rarity of Dean asking to 'talk' about anything.
"Why not?" Emma asks. "There's room, and it's already warded and secret, and has a magic lock and everything. No one would even find us, and it'd be a fortress if they did. You could get there to back us up before they even scuffed the metal on the door."
Sam nods, and Kevin mutters a “whatever” under his breath. They both leave the room, books tucked under their arms and drinks in hand. They clearly aren't anticipating coming back for a while.
"My kid. Emma," Dean answers. "She found out your mommy here has been talking about things she shouldn't with people she shouldn't. We thought we'd better show up before they did."
That cake is appallingly sweet and one of the most overpriced of the bunch, but Dean steels himself in resignation. "We'll get that one then."
Her fingers are crossed in hope as she brings her loot back to the motel room, but it does no good. Uncle Sam's still there, talking away to his girlfriend on the phone. Dad's gone, though.
Going back to work the following monday without Cas feels wrong. It felt wrong after Jimmy, and it felt wrong when Amelia got sick, and it feels wrong now. The other guys are great, and he'd trust any one of them with his life three times over, but they're not Cas.
At last Sam picks up, though his voice says the previous calls weren't so much missed as ignored. "Emma, I already told you I don't want a part in this. I asked you not to call, so please, just... leave me alone."
And if it wasn't obvious enough through context, the way Dean relaxes onto the ground with his head in Castiel's lap would probably be enough of a clue. And Castiel isn't sure what to do. He doesn't want to go through telling Dean, again, that their relationship is a figment of his imagination, much less in public, but he has no idea how to manage Dean pressing his face into Castiel's stomach to keep the sun from his eyes. He has no idea how to manage the lazy, crinkly smile Dean aims up at him when he hands Dean his sunglasses, or the contented hum Dean lets out when Castiel angles himself to shade Dean's face from the sun.
Sam makes a cut off noise as Castiel interrupts whatever greeting he was about to vocalise. "What happened? Are you okay? Is Dean okay? He hasn't-"
Dean lets him absorb it all for a moment. Sam's big girly feelings have probably taken offense to the idea of a sham wedding.
"Doing what? What's been 'altered'?" Dean asks, then looks at Castiel and smiles warmly. "Hey, Cas."
He doesn't stop until Emma's crying takes on a pained edge. The nearest supermarket is only a few minutes away, and he hopes they can make it that far without the now teething baby having issues. The parking lot is relatively empty, and he stops to feed her and change her into a larger outfit from the bag before heading into the store in search of a car seat and supplies. By the time he leaves the store, his impulsive decision has solidified. He has a camera and a bag full of groceries and kids' stuff and a plan is starting to come together. Emma's already started mimicking words and desperately needs another size up in clothes and diapers.
Sam's got another hunt lined up and Dean doesn't argue when he plots out their journey to it. When they stop for lunch, Emma tentatively takes the seat next to Sam and peers over his shoulder at the laptop screen. She knows about hunting, it's not something Dean could really keep from her as much as he'd like to, and she scans the webpage eagerly.
Dean's trying very hard not to imagine Crowley finding Emma with Kevin. Even harder not to wonder whether she'd hand Kevin over. She wouldn't. He knows that. One hundred percent... Maybe ninety-nine percent.
She turns and leaves, at last, and Dean drops back down into his seat. Claire pats him on the shoulder and turns to take Jack from his bouncer. He's surprisingly not cried through this whole thing, but it's pretty close. Dean feels bad for the kid. Poor little guy doesn't even know what all the yelling was about.
"That's bullshit," Dean rasps. "That's bullshit and you know it. Emma's never lifted a finger against any of us. You've always been the one sayin' we should give monsters a chance if they ain't hurting anyone. Emma's not hurting anyone. She never has, and she's had plenty of opportunity. Hell, even Cas is fine with her. You're the only one who has a problem." He grabs his jacket. He needs some air. God, he needs a
"I wasn't keeping track," Sam says, like that's better. "Look, we still have his number, I'm sure we can find him easy enough. I'm sure he's fine."
They play along with the ruse a while longer. He has a feeling they both know what's really going on, but he isn't sure how to broach it until Emma starts crying. Lydia picks her up and gives her a bottle and Dean tries and fails to feel nothing at the sight of the baby's pink, distressed face. It comes out without him meaning for it to. "She's mine, isn't she?"
Castiel takes a beer out of the cooler for something to do more than anything. He couldn't go back to pretending he didn't want those things from Dean, even if the silence in Dean's reaction is just as painful as he'd predicted whenever he'd allowed himself to imagine confessing his feelings in the past.
Dad comes back half an hour later, to find Emma watching the motel room TV, and Sam trying to look like he's doing the same rather than frowning suspiciously at her non-stop.
They meet her by the school gates, and while they don't use force, they make it abundantly clear that saying no to going with them isn't an option.
"Yeah," Dean says, surprised. "I'm good. I mean, it sucks. The whole thing sucks. But I didn't really know her that well, you know?"
Emma's about fifteen or sixteen at a guess, and they're waiting it out to see if she's reached maturity. If she doesn't have another growth spurt in the next hour, he's promised they'll go out for ice cream.
The first evening isn't too bad. Dean is... cuddly, for lack of a better word. No, that is the better word. He sits beside Castiel on the couch as the movie plays, arm around Castiel's shoulders and one ankle twined around Castiel's. He doesn't do anything more than that, but it's all more than enough.
It's hard and it's painful, and there's not a day goes by that Emma doesn't wonder why the hell she's doing this to herself. She could escape, she's sure of it. They'd find her again, and as badass as Jody is, Emma doubts she'd be able to fend off a whole tribe of Amazons. But then Emma grew up with Dad, even if the growing up was kind of condensed, and she knows how to live on the road. She could run and she could keep running.
Cas blinks rapidly. He wipes at his face, dislodging tears before they can fall, and takes Dean's ring from the box. "This ring I give to you as a token of my love and devotion to you. I pledge to you all that I am and all that I will ever be as yours. With this ring..."
"Which brings me to my second reason for being here." Dad turns towards the rows of fold out chairs. "Fergus Crowley, you're under arrest on charges of embezzlment, money laundering, conspiracy to distribute-"
They're attacked a few more times along the way. Cas's angelic presence and their now even larger party attracting plenty of attention. Emma fights with them each time. Dean doesn't want to know just as much as he needs to know how she learned to fight like that.
Charlie's true to her word, and between them it doesn't take long to find the entrance to the 'bomb shelter'. Just as the old man had said, the door doesn't open when Charlie tries it, or even when they try it together. Charlie lets go of the handle and slumps down against the suspiciously uncorroded metal.
Cas nods his head to the side, a semi-agreement. "Verbally. Kelly was there so she can verify it, but I'm not sure how much weight it'll hold. We didn't think there'd be any issues so we didn't think we needed to worry about it, and before Jimmy... They thought they had time to figure it out. If they ever had to at all."
That earns her a sigh and rolled eyes. "The pact. Don't you pay attention to anything but sparring class? We get our strength from the pact. We honour it by making sacrifices. If we stop doing that we may as well let our people die out. We wouldn't be us anymore."
If Castiel didn't know better, he'd wonder if he'd imagined the whole conversation. "Your memories. Or your mind, at least."
"You need to get out of that house," she tells him, a firm arm around his shoulders guiding him down the street.
"In bringing me back? Is that it?" Dean says, as his gut sinks like a stone. "You didn't want me back, Sammy?"
"Sam, stop," Dean says at last. Either he believes Emma and she's good, or he doesn't and she's a killer. A monster. And he knows what he has to do to monsters. He can't do that to his daughter.
"'Night sweetheart," Dean says and goes to brush his own teeth. When he's done, he pauses to stroke her hair before climbing into his own bed. The bottle of booze stays in his bag.
If Charlie's bothered by Emma driving them accross state lines despite being legally fifteen, then she doesn't say anything about it. She spends the trip narrowing down their search to a small town that was hit hard by Katrina. It's doing a little better now, and Charlie finds them a motel called 'The Hoodoo' with what Emma's sure are culturally insensitively themed bedrooms and a breakfast menu for the attached diner. Tacky theme aside, it's a decent place. Clean. Well maintained. The food's good, too.
"Who's this?" Benny asks when the field is clear. He sounds far too casual for the suspicion written across his face.
He calls everyone he can think of. Someone has to know something that could help. There has to be something.
"Why? You jealous?" Dean smirked. Castiel grabbed a fistful of the hair he was stroking and yanked his head back to meet his eyes.
"I bought a special canvas. I would like to cover us in paint and fuck you on it. Then when we are done, I want to hang it on display."
"It's alright. He married a woman and she's really good to him. He still gambles I think but at least he's sober now. I don't think Kate would keep Adam around him if he wasn't."
"Sammy, I know you. When you say 'how are you', you're asking if I've lost my marbles. Which, no, I haven't."
"Doux rêves ange." Dean said in return. He was right, his French wasn't as eloquently spoken as Castiels own but he wasn't worried about the pronunciation. He was more paying attention to the words he knew Dean had just said.
"Hm. I think we should celebrate." Castiel smiled running off to the bedroom with Dean chasing after him.
The smile on Cas's face was so sweet that he forgot how to breathe for a moment. He leaned forward and pressed a soft and tender kiss to his lips. One that felt so raw and full of emotion that even Cas melted into it with a sigh. When they separated they just rested their foreheads together.
"I want him to meet you." He whispered hoarse. Castiel had heard many things about Deans father. A majority of them about his drunken abusive tendencies, but Dean loved him. That much was obvious. He'd also heard happy stories about John that made Deans eyes light up at the memory. If John really was going to die, and Dean wanted him to, he would gladly meet the man who raised him for better or worse.
One particular thrust, Dean felt Castiels erection press into the jut of his hipbone and gasped. Suddenly Dean became very aware of the tightness in his own pants, and there were still too many layers in between them. Dean quickly ripped off his own shirt and started fumbling with his belt buckle. Castiels hands held his in a gesture for him to stop though. Dean was panting as he looked up and met Castiels eyes. He groaned as he watched the blue eyed man sink to his knees never breaking contact. Castiel grabbed his hips and turned him to sit on the end of the queen sized bed. He slowly started to unbuckle Deans belt never once looking away from him. Dean lifted his hips so Castiel could take off his pants easier and he didn't miss the soft groan Castiel let out when Deans cock sprung free from his boxers. Castiel only looked away from Deans face for a quick moment taking in the sight of Deans erection. He however finished pushing his pants and boxers off until he was completely naked. Castiels hands trailed up the sides of Deans thighs up to his hips all the while he was using magic with his mouth. He was nipping and sucking, licking and biting, kissing and laving the insides of Deans thighs. Just teasing him.
But Jack knows very little about Deaths library, and he wouldn't know to put it in that pocket, even with him being god now. The only one who knows about Deaths library, they empty, that coat, the key is-
It started with the humming. Dean could never tell who was humming or even where it was coming from, but it was no doubt there. It didn't take him long to figure out though that no one else heard the humming. He was just barely in school when he thought he was going insane. He remembered coming home to his mother and asking her where the sound was coming from. She just sang him Hey Jude until the noise faded to the back.
So far it wasn't unpleasant, in fact Dean was surprised to find himself whimpering for more. Slowly but surely, Castiel inserted the pad of his first finger inside of Dean. Dean gasped at the intrusion before relaxing a bit more into it. It was weird to be sure, not what he was expecting. It wasn't unpleasant, but it wasn't exactly exhilarating either. But it sparked something in him that made him wondering for more. Castiel worked slowly pushing his finger all the way in and twisting it slightly. He wasn't entirely sure when it went from something not unpleasant to downright electric but he found himself pushing down to take Castiels finger deeper.
Dean lit up and the two of them smoked back and forth sharing lazy kisses in between hits. Eventually after the show was over, Cas decided to play his own version of 'Pictionary' which basically consisted of Dean guessing what the sex position Cas was sketching was called. They laughed and kissed and laughed harder until their stomachs ached and jaws were sore. Dean fell asleep with his head buried into Cas's stomach a smile on his face and warmth in his heart.
Castiel tossed his phone on the table before pulling out his stash. He would have to give Dean time on this, no doubt if the roles were reversed, Cas knows he wouldn't want to talk to Dean either. Hell Cas probably would want to hit whoever Dean was with, but that didn't matter now. He fucked up here.
Without another word a grin spread across Deans face and he pulled Cas practically sprinting back to the Impala. Castiel had to tell Dean to slow down as a friendly reminder Cas was in heels. But to Castiels surprise Dean simply picked him up carrying him bridal style as he continued to run back to the car, both of them laughing.
Castiel shook his head, still at a loss for words. When Sam came back over he had blueberry all over his mouth and some on his nose. They all laughed and then separated on their ways home. Once they got into the apartment, Dean made work of getting out of his uniform till he was clad in nothing but boxers and a t-shirt while he cooked in the kitchen.
"There. Now I can call or text you when I'm feeling frisky. You too can do the same." Castiel winked.
Dean fell asleep again later that night and woke up to lazy Thursday kisses. The day had been fine and soon it was Friday.
He just got out of class and walked out to his Impala. While he was unlocking his car his phone buzzed in his back pocket. He finished unlocking the car before he pulled it out and opened his messages.
Having a kid sure was a struggle, but luckily they had each other and managed to do it. Jack was such a sweet kid and Castiel woke up every day thinking how five years ago he was a jobless, single painter with a minor drinking problem. Lonely and poor with nothing in his life worth living for. And now Cas has a successful career he loves. He matters. Castiel Novak is a husband, a lover, a friend, and his new favorite thing, a father.
"I can see why," Inias chuckled. Castiel didn't know why but instead of embarrassment- which he should be feeling after someone looked through nude portraits of himself and his illegitimate lover- he felt anger. This was a side of his relationship between himself and Dean that he wanted to stay between them. "Shall we go?" Inias asked snapping Cas out of his daze.
"Dork." Castiel laughed loosely stroking Dean with a lube slicked hand. Dean hissed at the coldness of it but closed his eyes in pleasure. He felt Cas's wrist bumping the inside of his thigh and looked down for a moment to find Cas fingerings himself open. Dean groaned as he bit his lip. "You know I love fucking you," Cas said panting. "But sometimes I need this too."
Dean nodded for a moment thinking of how he could do that. He walked slowly away from Death to where he shouldn't be able to hear him. Despite the fact that the empty seemed to have infinite space, when he finally spoke it sounded muffled. As if he were in a sound studio and the noise was being trapped in.
He stood up and walked back and Dean just sat and watched in wonder. Deans head snapped down to Castiel once he heard a shuffle. Those ocean, sky blue eyes were fluttering open and Dean no longer felt like he was drowning. The air had returned to his lungs.
The thought was totally abrupt, but once he first got Cas back he had seriously thought about quitting hunting. Suddenly there were more important things in his life. He didn't want to lose them again this time around. He got a second chance at happiness. And overall, they'd won.
"That's what I've been saying," Dean said approaching them and slinging an arm over Cas's shoulder. "What're you guys talkin 'bout?"
"Look who's awake. Breakfast?" Dean nodded heart still racing as Cas kissed his forehead and crawled out of bed.
Dean didn't even try to hide the blush that covered his cheeks or the way his eyes widened at that statement. Dean made quick work of stripping the rest of his garments while Castiel cashed the pipe for him. Once the bowl was stashed he handed Dean the lighter only instructing him once on how to do it. Dean smoked a few times in high school but it was suddenly becoming one of his favorite things, as was pretty much anything he did with Cas. As he smoked, Cas meticulously stripped his clothes and folded them one by one, hanging the skirt back up in the closet. By the time he was fully naked along with Dean he no longer felt urgency. He wanted to treasure Castiel. He wanted to map out the surfaces of his body in a way he never has before.
"Deal." The reaper said. Dean pulled the angel blade out of his pocket and stabbed the reaper right in the stomach. Blood trickled down from the blade and from his mouth and his eyes glowed like fire before he vanished. Dean looked around in a hurried panic wondering where he went.
"Fuck, Cas. I'm gonna- shit- gonna cum." He panted and moaned. Cas pulled off at the last second, flicking his tongue in the slit on his way off and Dean came all over his face. Some landed in his opened mouth and he groaned at the sight as Cas licked it off his lips. Dean panted for a moment, head rolling in paint as he did before Cas climbed off the bed. He held out his hand for Dean to take. Dean forced himself to move his heavy limbs and reached out to take Cas's hand. After he was pulled to his feet he collapsed forwards into Cas's body and felt the rumble in his chest from his laughter.
"I knew it!" Claire shouted grabbing a beer. Cas yanked the bottle away from her with a stern look and she rolled her eyes.
Cas is so thoughtful, not just because he does Deans chores or makes him delicious food, but he respects his boundaries. Dean doesn't quite feel comfortable kissing Cas in front of Sam or Eileen yet, despite their closeness. Cas knows about Deans past with boys and how his father beat that out of him, and when Dean first told him the story, Cas kissed each and every one of his scars that his father had given him.
Dean stared at the drawing for a long time, and maybe it was wrong. Okay very wrong, but he was turned on. It's a fucking sketch and it has him tenting in Cas's robe. He took the sketch pad back inside with him because if he was going to jack off to a drawing of Castiel , in Castiels robe, about Castiel, he was not doing it outside on his balcony.
Once Castiel thought he was ready, he ripped the condom open with his teeth and quickly rolled it on. He added a bit more lube both to Deans hole and his own aching length. He gently pressed the head of his cock right under Deans balls, running it along to see his reaction. Dean gasped as the head of Castiel pressed against his entrance and Cas leaned down to kiss Dean soundly. Castiel kissed Dean the whole time he pushed in. He went in in one solid glide very slowly, not wanting to miss a second of the way Dean felt. Dean was tight around him like a vice and so hot and smooth that Castiel had to remind himself to breathe. He looked down at Dean and that almost made him lose it right there. Deans green eyes fluttering in a struggle to stay open, his cheeks and chest flushed with arousal. His lips pink and swollen from Cas nipping his lips. He was the definition of beauty. He held still looking at Dean for so long, he didn't even notice Dean shifting down trying to take him deeper.
He and Inias would ditch classes together and go out to the bleachers and make out for the entire period. It was a young love and a teen romance. They would steal kisses in private and go out to the movies together. Castiels parents were so oblivious to his sexuality they even let Inias stay the night sometimes.
"Thank you. I couldn't have done it without you. My muse." He sighed into Deans shoulder. Dean kissed the top of his head as warmth spread through his chest.
"Dean," he sighed. Castiel kissed the shell of his ear. "Is this okay?" He asked kissing him slowly again and just then, he felt Cas shift to grind his hips into Deans own harness. Dean let out a gasp knowing he wasn't the only one having pleasant dreams.
Dean was more than willing and on board when he suggested that they get out of there. He took his hand which was delicate and soft, however there were callouses there that made him all the more interesting. He pulled him forward to the bar where Sam and Gabriel were still flirting.
He made his way into the kitchen where he covered his eyes from the blinding lights and opened the fridge. Well, he finished off all the beer last night. He pulled out a carton of eggs and made himself a simple breakfast of scrambled eggs and toast just so he wouldn't throw up the Tylenol. He sat down at the kitchen table and practically stabbed at his food with each bite. Sam walked by the kitchen and sighed before coming in and sitting down. Before Sam could even open his mouth Dean spoke for him.
"I don't know if you know, but I've been praying to you. Every night. I think about you every day, and I'm here because I'm not giving up on you. You have never given up on me, and I will never give up on you. No matter what, we always find each other. So come home free bird. Come home to me." Deans eyes stung with tears. The idea came over him and even though he was self conscious, he thought it could work.
They sat close on the couch as they ate, thighs pressed firmly together. Castiel even fed Dean a few bites from his own fork which made Dean blush ridiculously. The two shared glasses of wine and just talked as if they were old friends who had known each other forever as opposed to practical strangers who fucked every chance they got.
"Hey can I ask you something?" Castiel asked. He and Dean were cuddled up in Cas's bed together after a long nap in the middle of the afternoon.
"Charlie." Cas signed the cloth for her and handed it back. "Thank you so much. And like I said I'm a huge f-" she paused and looked at Dean for a moment. "I thought I recognized you! From the paintings in the news article!" She smiled and punched him in the arm.
"I love you too, son... and what did we say about chick flick moments?" They both laughed before Rufus called John over and he bid them farewell. Castiel sighed relief and a bit of joy as Dean kissed him on the temple. Castiel could only hope that he would make John proud by taking care of Dean in the future.
"I like them a lot. They feel more real than a lot of things in this world." He said. Castiel didn't quite understand but then he remembered that sometime Deans bipolar makes it hard to tell if things are real or not.
"Mm. Just trying to convince myself that you're actually mine." Cas leaned his head forward almost out of the shower and pecked a kiss on Deans lips.
"Just painting my sketch from last night." Dean looked at Castiels face surprised to find a slight shade of blush there. He looked down at the watercolor painting and he quickly understood why.
"I love you- fuck- so much. Christ, Dean." Castiel panted and whined. Dean was far to gone in the sensations to respond, just trying to breathe. Dean clenched down on Cas, just a hair away from orgasm as Cas spilled hot deep inside of Dean with a sharp gasp. Dean rode him out, searching for his own orgasm. Cas wrapped his hand around Deans throbbing cock and whispered in his ear.
Maybe Cas was trying to live in the past. Being with Inias reminded him of the nostalgia of simpler times. Times when his mother and father still talked with him. Times when his sisters looked up to him. But that was over and maybe what he was doing with Inias was toxic not just to himself but Inias too. It wasn't fair for Castiel to lead him on, but perhaps he could indulge in the momentary relief it gave him for a while longer.
"Your libido, Dean. Your sex drive." He sighed. "Please don't think I'm complaining, because I'm not. You know I love what we do and your mental health comes first. But it's been weeks..."
"I think you're forgetting the angel painting he's buying from me, is a rendition of you. I told him you were my muse when he asked."
"Me too. I was actually thinking... well, if and when I convince Dean to get on a plane again, I was going to talk to his father."
Neither of them said a words for a few minutes. Partially because they didn't know what to say but Castiel did have something to say.
Castiel was dressed in a champagne colored turtleneck blouse, his hair beautifully messy as always. He was wearing a simple silver necklace and bracelet, but that's not why Dean had to do the double take. Cas was wearing a fucking skirt. Castiel was wearing a goddamn, black, pleated skirt and he looked breathtaking. He hadn't noticed Dean staring yet, which was probably for the better, as he hung his coat next to Gabriel's. Dean couldn't help but let his eyes wander to Castiels beautifully smooth and shaven legs adorned by high heel black leather boots. God he really had no idea what he was doing to Dean. He walked over to take a seat on the couch per Sam's request and his skirt slid up enough he could see the flower tattoo on the side of his thigh that he knew stretched up over his sharp hip bones.
But all that taking care of Dean Jr. made Dean and Castiel realize how nice it was to have a child around. How fulfilling it was. So they got on a waiting list for an adoption agency, who said they were more than happy to help them start a family.
"Hey, hey, hey. Sshhhh, just me." He whispered. Castiels eyes welled up with tears when he looked at Dean. "No, no, no, please don't cry."
"I'm not complaining. Though I'm not giving anything up so we'll have to fuck twice as much." Dean panted with a humorous chuckle.
"I want to know how many scars you have and memorize the shape of your tongue. I want to climb the curve of your lower back and count your vertebrae. Your ribs. Your fingers. Your goosebumps... your freckles. I want to chart the topography of your anatomy and be fluent in your body language. I want you in all your entirety. Forevermore."
"I seem to recall a certain someone wearing my AC/DC tee-shirt under his dress shirt, the other day."
Dean nodded and nuzzled back onto Cas's shoulder. Cas smiled to himself going back to sipping his wine and reading his copy of Arrête avec tes mensonges, a queer romance novel Gabriel had gotten him for Christmas.
As soon as Dean led Castiel out of the flat he took his hand. Castiel doesn't think he's ever blushed so hard in his life as he has tonight, but the way Dean looks at him makes it nearly impossible. Dean walked him downstairs and out to the parking lot behind the building complex. Dean kept glancing up at Castiel with a look of wonder on his face. Normally Dean is taller than Castiel by a few inches, but tonight as Cas is wearing four inch heels, Dean has to look up at him which only serves to make Castiel blush harder.
"Psst," Gabriel said tapping Castiels shoulder. "lookie, lookie over there." He pointed to the small lounge area where two handsome young men were sitting.
"What you mean this?" Castiel asked crooking his fingers once more and that blinding pleasure took him once more as he came harder than he ever had in his life. His eyes clenched shut as he panted and collapsed back on the bed.
"What does it feel like?" Dean asked not even fully aware of anything other than the sheer feeling of skin, pressing and pulling, utter pleasure in its intent.
When they did figure this all out, what would Dean say to Cas? Sure, he knows he loves him, but how can he just say that. Dean can't even tell his own brother what Cas said, and even though he wants- needs- Cas to know he's loved, that's not going to be easy for him. With the way his father raised him, beat him for the way he was, there was a phantom pain in his ribs and in the back of his skull. There was the stiff sore lock of his jaw anytime he thought about his feelings for Cas. Because after all, he's his daddy's blunt little instrument, a good soldier, obedient.
"Yeah... So your brothers hitting on my brother." He chuckled nervously trying to change the subject of school. Castiel couldn't blame him. It was a weekend at a bar meant to get away not to be reminded of stress.
Sam and Dean walked up the stairs in a comfortable silence. When they made it inside, Cas was still snoring softly and Dean smiled to himself. He went into the kitchen and handed Sam a beer as he sat at the kitchen table.
"Baby, what's wrong?" He whispered trying not to make Dean cry again. Deans chin quivered before he took a placating breath.
"I love it. It's beautiful, Dean. Thank you." He said giving Dean a soft kiss to the corner of his mouth. "Hurry and eat your breakfast, I'm going to go get ready."
"That's what I live for baby." He gulped once he saw the expression on Cas's face. "A hint. Lavender."
Dean touched his own neck blushing bright crimson when he realized that Cas had sucked a hickey there.
"Dude! I'm happy for you. Although next time, keep it down a bit. Cause as much as you don't want to talk about it... I really don't want to hear it."
The next day, Dean was quiet. He went to go see Sam and Castiel stayed in their apartment and cleaned. He went out and bought some basic groceries before heading back home. It was about four in the afternoon when Dean came back home. He had a slight smile on his face at least. He had dark circles under his eyes and his skin looked pale. Castiel just welcomed him in with a chaste kiss and soft hug which Dean sighed into.
Dean hurried out of the his and had never been thankful for anything more when Cas didn't try to follow. He shoved the Impala into drive a little rougher than necessary and drove a little faster than usual to get back to his own place.
"Hey, no. No it didn't make me uncomfortable. It's not anything to do with you either. I've just... it's never been like that before. So, raw and... open. I felt vulnerable and you know me. I don't do that. But with you... I want to be."
Castiel was no longer than Dean, but he was thick and almost heavy looking. The head of his member was flushed and almost pretty like the blush along Cas's face and chest. He kissed the base of his weeping shaft making Cas groan and fist the sheets as Dean kissed down and nipped lightly at the soft tender skin on the insides of his thighs. He let his hands trace the planes of his body memorizing the beautiful skin of this naked ex-angel that was all his. And that thought, that Cas belonged to him, and he belonged to Cas was enough to set him throwing off his boxers. When he was just as naked as Cas, he froze up a little not knowing what to do. They didn't exactly have anything either. Cas sensed his hesitation and touched his face softly.
"I like when you make noise, you know?" Dean said with a breathless chuckle. Castiel didn't know how to respond exactly so he just stopped trying to be quiet.
"It's... complicated. It comes and goes in intervals. But like I said, I paint my best when your around." Dean blushed twisting the noodles of his pasta for a moment before meeting Castiels eyes.
They whipped up- well Dean whipped up- dinner. It was a pasta made from scratch that Dean had mentioned wanting to try. Castiel could tell Dean was tense and stressed and couldn't blame him. From what he heard, he hadn't really seen his father in about six years, and hadn't talked to him at all since he moved to France two years ago. So in order to alleviate some of his stress, while Dean was sitting the sauce, Cas would shotgun hits of Sativa into his mouth like they used to when they first smoked together.
Before he could change his mind, he pulled Cas's shirt over his head and started kissing the bare skin. Kissing at his neck and chest. Hot open mouthed kisses along his shoulder and sternum. There was simplicity in the way the curve of his collarbone caught the gleam of the warm motel room light. Dean could see the scars in his skin, thin white lines from torture and it made him ache. He kissed each scar he could see as if trying to take away that pain. He stopped just to look into Castiels eyes, both of them breathless. Dean didn't think he had ever been more aroused in his life and tried to dive back into kissing him.But before Dean could, Cas stopped the movements of his own hands, hips and lips and he looked back at Dean a little breathless.
They kissed a long time, wrapped up in the feeling of each other. Getting to explore this side of things. Eventually their lips were numb and tongues tingly, breathing raged so they parted, albeit hesitantly.
"I loved you..." he choked out into the jacket. "And you left me. I loved you so much, and because of that you're gone. Why did you leave me?"
"Love you." Dean mumbled deep into Castiels shirt still half asleep. When the present caught up to him and he realized what he said, he was suddenly wide awake. He looked up and Castiel and based on his face, Dean didn't think Cas actually heard him which came as a relief.
He laid back on the couch staring out the window a moment before he heard the lock twisting in the door. He quickly turned around and smiled slightly as Castiel came him. He was cradling a drink carrier and two brown paper bags while juggling his keys and satchel so Dean got up and took his bag and the keys from him. Castiel smiled softly at him and sighed contentedly before setting the stuff down on the coffee table.
The second they got in the door, Cas shut the door and locked it harshly before fixing Dean with a look. It was the kind of look that made his eyes go from beautiful sky bright blue, to oceans deep midnight. A look of love, adoration and lust. He smiled a little before going over and pulling Deans shirt over his head.
"He's losing weight. Like- it's concerning me. When we first met he was a relatively fit guy, and further into our relationship he even put on some weight. But now," Cas sighed. "Now he almost looks sick."
It was a tan suede trench coat with dark wooden buttons and multiple pockets lined with silk. Castiel could tell by the cinch at the waist that it was most likely a women's garment and smiled to himself at the fact that Dean knows how much he likes women's clothes. It was heavy and thick in his hands and an absolutely beautiful piece of clothing. He looked at the brands tag which read Abeilles with a small stitching of a honeycomb embroidered on it. Castiels jaw gaped at the brand name and he knew instantly that this was an expensive coat.
"Jesus, Cas," he chuckled breathlessly. "I don't think I've ever came that hard in my life." Castiel chuckled at the statement as well, the laugh vibrating through his chest.  His fingers traced Deans chest like electricity coursing through his veins.
"Okay..." Sam sighed. "Look man I'm just saying it's been a year and maybe getting out in the dating game is what you need-"
On the second day, Cas called and texted, Gabe called and texted, hell even Sam. So many times so that Dean considered breaking his phone. He wanted to listen to the ten voicemails from Cas. He wanted to hear his voice, bad and he didn't know how long it would be before he gave in. Gave in and tortured himself by listening to the one voice he loved and needed.
"That's dumb." Dean mumbled. "Also I like when you speak French. S'kinda hot." He smiled into Cas's chest.
"One more thing," Dean nodded hesitantly. "You can never try and kill me again. No summoning me, no more deals, no traps. I do this, I'm done with the Dean Winchester for good."
"Correct. Dean here, murdered my entire family. I swore I wasn't like them. I wasn't, still am not... I begged for my life... and then your brother, shot me right between the eyes."
"Thank you for coming out, Charlie. It means a lot to us." Cas said while Dean tried to discreetly wipe away his tears.
"Dean, when have you ever known a demon to be trustworthy. They don't always- hell almost never, fully keep up their end of the bargain."
"Dean," Cas sighed pulling him tight into a hug. "I'm here, okay? I'm going to take care of you- I want to take care of you. So, talk to me. Tell me what's going on."
From the moment Castiel walked into that bar in September, he was lost. Sam had just moved in with Dean and they were out having drinks talking about their plans for school when him and Gabriel walked over. From the first time Castiel kissed Dean in the entry way of his apartment, to the first time Dean saw Castiels tattoos and the beautiful planes of his body. The first time he and Castiel made love, to their first date and even to their first fight. Nothing had ever felt so real and yet so unbelievable all at the same time.
Dean walked across the living room to the door and when he opened it there was a woman on the other side. She was very pretty with dark brown eyes and flowing brown hair.
But yeah, he loved him. So many times he thought about what it would be like to just... hold Castiel. To let himself love and be loved. But then he shut off the chick flick moment and forced down whatever it was he was feeling. He couldn't be with a man, not after everything. And part of why he was so angry is every time he thought about holding Castiel, it was followed with the bitter sting and guilt of his father. Those feelings bring him all they way back.
"I had been working on that for weeks. One night with you and I got it done in an hour. Every night you spend here I just... I get inspired again and I don't know why. I've been trying to tell myself I can't date, I don't want to. But to be honest I don't really even know what I want. I do know one thing though."
"You've got an answer. Cause let me tell you something. No one cares that you're broken, clean up your damn mess."
"Like hell 'it doesn't matter'. Okay I'm coming over, but no funny business. I'll see you in ten." With that Dean hung up and quickly got dressed.
Dean drove for what must've been hours on end because when he finally stopped for gas, he somehow went from Lebanon Kansas, to Mesa Colorado. He didn't stop driving though. He wanted to drive off the end of the world. Crash and burn. Nothing else mattered anymore. He finally forced himself to think about Castiel. Dean knew he loved him. Something that sat low in his gut that he didn't want to admit out loud.
Deans aunt Jody and her partner Donna flew into Paris and she officiated the wedding. Sam walked Dean down the isle and Charlie and Gabe handed each other their rings. Both rings were engraved with the same as their matching tattoos. After their small ceremony, they ate food that Dean had made with the help of some of the new chefs that worked at his new establishment. Dean managed to buy an empty kitchen and worked on renovating it. He hired a few chefs including Benny Lafitte, their old bartender, Charlie of course and a few others. They all ate together until the sun went down and Dean had never felt happier.
Once they made it to Winslow they talked to the locals about any strange things, if they could get any clues about a strange disturbance, that just might point them in the direction of the warehouse. But unfortunately people don't pay attention to those types of things and they had no clues as to what warehouse it was. Not to mention, Balthazar was a sneaky bastard and likely wouldn't have made it easy to find it for them regardless. They drove around the town spotting only three warehouses and made out a plan on which ones they should look at first.
Cas grimaces while trying to look ahead of us. “Fortunately, he is not. Unfortunately, I will probably end up doing that before you have the chance.”
From the first moment I wake up and try to open my eyes, I only feel intense pain everywhere on my body – especially my head feels like it’s a few seconds away from exploding.
I turn my face the other way, trying to avoid his hand. “This is fucked up. How about you just let me go and take me out on a date first? I think you’d have greater chances of me returning your feelings if you were to do that?”
My thoughts are being interrupted though, by the lock to my room turning. Well, another day, a new alpha to piss off.
Instead of answering though, I tell him my next impression after the ‘sexy jerk’ and ‘want to bed this bastard’ ones (like I would ever tell him those out loud). “You’re weird.”
Cas takes a seat at the counter as well, opposite of me. “You always look so out of it in the morning, Dean. Have you always been like that?” Cas asks when he sees that I’ve finished my coffee. It’s good that at least he seems to learn how to handle me.
decision. My wicked self is only using the privileges that I have, to affect your rationality and do what my greedy soul wants. This is not a proposition from a good-will man. I am anything but that.” His eyes start to bury again in my soul as I’m left once again speechless.
Instead of answering though, he still stays there and also fidgets like he has something else to tell me. He only ends up sighing and heading to the stairs. “Good night, Dean.” He sadly calls out while slowly making his way up.
I slowly understand what he meant after a few more seconds of him getting a more and more concerned look. “I’m f’ne C-Cas.” I can’t control my slurring voice, but I try to keep talking. “C-can’t f-focus.” I feel my heart breaking at his despairing look, despite the fact that all of me feels like it’s already scrambled in thousands of pieces. “-and. ‘ur h-hand. K-keeps me here.” I don’t know why I would think that the feel of his hand would keep me grounded, but the warm shaking fingers gently intertwining with mine suddenly send me to far away memories of me holding Sammy’s hand when he had a nightmare in the middle of the night. Or my mother and father’s big hands holding mine while walking on the streets. “T’ke me h-home, Cas.” His grip is suddenly tightening for a few moments as if he’d been started by something, but he starts the car and despite my slowly losing grip on reality, his hand does keep me from completely losing myself.
After doing my leg guitar move and seeing that Cas is looking at his phone, probably planning to call Gabe (or some mental hospital) I finally jump off the counter. “Come on, Cas, dance with me! Show me dem moves!” I say while continuing my erratic dancing.
“Tim Janklow!” She suddenly screams at him, a look of shock appearing on his face then. “Been working at Biggerson’s for two months now, but got thrown out of your past jobs for the same reasons: altercations, fights, harassment,
I laugh a little, then turn around and make my way upstairs. “Whatever you say, Cas. Until you finish up your magic, I’ll freshen up a little.”
. I can deny it how much I want, but this is a definitely a crush. Though my pride is too strong to let me admit that to him. At least not yet. Before getting Cas worried again that I’ve retired in my own world, I change the subject. “Dunno… Hey how about I cook tomorrow? I’m kinda tired of eating the same thing every day.” Well, it’s not like I don’t appreciate Cas for cooking after a long day at work and not even asking for my help, but he’s not exactly that… good at it. He only does easy recipes, with almost no diversity. Even the taste is kinda bland. Though, this is a big jump from the impersonal cooking I used to eat at the center or sometimes the starving when I lived with alphas.
Right now, we’re sitting on the couch next to each other, while Cas is hiding his face behind a pillow.
“You’re going to regret giving so many liberties to that omega! You heed my words!” The dick raises again and starts to pull away.
I shake my dirty thoughts until I’m able to raise my sleepy voice. “Weren’t you supposed to be at work?” I’ve never been a morning person and usually avoid people during that time, but I’m too curious about Cas’s presence.
His sad voice while he explains things that I’ve dealt with my whole life is getting to me as well. Still, it’s weird for him to be
“How can he run in those cowboy boots? Why is he wearing them in the first place? Should not doctors wear comfortable shoes? Those look anything but comfortable. And why–”
We finally get to his car but it’s definitely not what I expected to see. I kinda got the feeling that Cas is not so much into the luxurious life, but haven’t expected this rundown Lincoln to look back at us. It even has the color of Cas’s trench coat which makes me question just how obsessed Cas must be with it.
Since this is probably even closer to impossible - I don’t even know if angels die - at least, I know that I still have my pride left. Like I would ever stay put and let this creep have his way with me without putting a fight.
Passing by a collar shop, Cas breaks the silence again. “Would you like a new collar? That one does not seem that comfortable and we should have one with our names on it in case of anything.”
Dean! Consolation must be my middle name, since I’m so good at it! Fuck me. I have no idea what to say to this guy who now looks like I just hit him with a hammer. Really
“The night is still young for me, so I’m gonna binge more Dr. Sexy episodes.” I continue talking when he doesn’t have any reaction to it. “Good night, Cas.”
I finish my morning routine – and morning whining – then go down the stairs where I can already sense the wonderful smell of coffee. I then take a seat at the counter and after a sandwich and a couple of sips of coffee from the mug prepared for me by Cas, I’m starting to resurrect back into a human – not a brainless zombie who almost tripped over flat ground for fuck’s sake.
He lowers his eyebrows and with a deep voice says “Six months. Live with me for six months. After these months are over, if you will not love me, or still hate me so much and want to leave, I will set you free.”
He gently takes it, but now, without the panic I felt the last times when he had to do it, I can enjoy his warmness and how well our hands fit together. He still flinches and screeches at some scenes, but he seems to make a conscious effort at keeping his hand relaxed.
? “You have both threaten me in order to make you something to eat, since you were ‘starving animals’.” He says dreadfully while making his signature air quotes.
Seeing myself in the mirror wearing it, brings even more memories, but I turn around and start wandering aimlessly around the store to distract myself and not explode in a bawling fit. Cas keeps his distance from then on, but I do see from the corner of my eyes his worried glimpses now and then.
“I’m in the mood for a milkshake!” I suddenly raise from the bench, now motivated enough to try to keep those feelings inside and not leave them out again. I lived my whole life bottling up everything that tried to break me and I managed just fine. Showing Cas, who’s also a stranger, glimpses of these kinds of weaknesses won’t do me any good. At least, until I know him better, I should try to keep personal things away from him.
He seems shocked at my answer like he didn’t expect me to remember this. He does have a thoughtful expression now. “There was not much touching.”
“Do you have daily wishes of harming your health, Dean? Abusing your body like that will greatly reduce your life expectancy.” Leave it to Cas to bring up morbid stuff like that.
. Well, not exactly his jacket and the color seems to differ a little, but its design looks exactly like the one dad used to wear during the time we lived together. I finally wore it myself after I escaped with Benny and also retrieved the Impala from Bobby. That old man threw the jacket at me and told me to take good care of both. Of course, I
“Ughhh, fineee! Keep your silent treatment, then! But don’t forget that I’ll never give up!” Gabriel babbles while starting the luxurious car. I’ve never ridden such a nice car, where not only the seats feel like you’re swimming in them but also the purring of the motor sends chills through my spine. This just makes me miss my baby even more. The car that father left me got confiscated after getting caught by the police seven months ago and didn’t have any opportunity to look for her until today. Maybe after these 6 months will pass, I’ll be able to search for her again.
After Garth left my room, I tried to think of ways to occupy my time until the asshole alpha will finally make his apparition. Unlike other centers, this one is quite omega friendly, since we are allowed to go to a common room to play different board games or socialize, the cafeteria which is my favorite place (especially on Thursdays – they have pies), outside to a small garden or the library - been there only once with the small hope of finding some lost porn mags or at least some comic books – though of course they only had stupid books on how to be the
I still have no control when I see blue eyes looking concernedly down at me and lips shouting my name, while hands are holding mine tightly. “Dean, please come back to me!” I can hear the desperation in Cas’s voice but there’s nothing else that I can do, since I can’t move at all even if I’m awake now.
Cas still seems a little a sad, but he’s not that uncomfortable as before. He sits up and leads me up the stairs to my room. It’s quite spacious, with a double bed, a big closet and some furniture with lots of drawers. There’s also a big window with curtains left open and another door which probably leads to the bathroom.
“O-of course, Dean.” I get up from the couch and lean on him while he supports me with a trembling hand. What's happening? He also seemed to tremble while he was holding me during my puking.
I have no idea how a person can have such an intense stare just from asking for a little trip to the store. Also, his way of asking for my permission and looking out for me is so unfamiliar that I’m left speechless for a few moments. “I can go now.” I finally answer him.
My disturbing thoughts are interrupted by Garth, who appears at the door and asks if I’m ready. I didn’t have much things to pack anyway and my hands were already working on autopilot during my contemplation, so I was almost done.
He sadly sighs but unfortunately doesn’t give in. “A search through internet, helped me find out that whatever happened last night seems to be related to sleep paralysis. Have you ever heard of this term?”
“A colleague? At work only Charlie–” He suddenly stops, remembering something. “Charlie said she had some business to attend to, during lunch, but I imagined that she only went on a date with her
“Your trench coat is ugly.” I retort while feeling my heart breaking over Cas’s hate on these wonderful clothes. I do feel disgusted with myself that I got to the point where I need an alpha’s approval to get the clothes I like since he has the money. Well, I could make some money myself if I were to use some suppressants and kick people’s asses at poker. But I don’t want to risk to lose my chance at freedom by probably pissing Cas off with something like that – it’s still only 6 months, I can ignore my pride a little during this time, hopefully. Only that I’m still acting like a complete brat, always forgetting that this could be my only chance at freedom. But there’s no way I can manage to contain myself especially when Cas never seems bothered by anything I say or do – except puking on the floor, though he seems more worried about that than annoyed.
. He gave me his number when I left, so I also saved it on the phone, besides Cas’s and Gabriel’s (Cas said to have it just in case).
Not Garth though. He’s a beta, but I have no idea why would he work in a place like this, where people need to be merciless and train
Cas gets even more red if that’s possible – most likely from embarrassment this time though – and points to the door I previously seen before rushing out of the room. So
At least Cas is visibly panicking now. “Wha– No– Dean– This is not– Actually–” He finally stops his blabbering and takes a big breath. “The thing is that I keep seeing weird shadows… They look like that girl, Dean! The one from the movie. Like I know there is no possible way that she could come here, but every time I close my eyes, it is like I see her…”
With Gabriel writhing in pain, Cas’s intense stare power emerges and nods an approving “Okay, Dean.”
Seeing that he waits a response from me, I simply show a confused look and a “I have no idea what you’re talking about, Cas.”
He continues touching my Adam’s apple next, not affected by anything I say and keeping a stoic face. “Why would I work with demons, Dean? Does it feel normal to you to see
She seems startled but quickly recovers. “My name’s not Karen, brat!” She turns her attention to Cas and lowers her voice now. “Hello. Is this the owner of this rude omega boy?”
“Cas, could we avoid the premature death topics and talk about nicer stuff, you know, like your interests in my underwear?” I successfully change the topic, Cas’s face going quickly from regretful to embarrassed.
Unexpectedly, Cas looks strangely satisfied. “Okay, Dean.” Did I dig my own unexpected grave? Though, he continues with his own question. “What’s your favorite color?”
. Of course, he goes to sex clubs and does pervy stuff. I talked about Gabriel being delusional, while I’m actually the biggest one from this whole room, thinking that Cas is a cute puppy who must be
My questions are answered the second I open the door and feel the delicious smell of food, then seeing Cas himself working on cooking it right now. Yes, the first person I wanted to see after jerking off to him last night.
Cas comes downstairs then and approaches me while assessing our tentative at cleaning up. Not seemingly very impressed, he says something else to me though. “Dean, a lawyer can come today to give us the contract to sign it. Would you feel well enough to get it out of the way as soon as possible?”
“Dean!” I jerk when I realize that not only my name has probably been called for a while, but also a persistent finger keeps poking my forehead. “Are you still feeling sick? Even this morning you kept spacing out. At least you do not seem to have temperature.”
I should probably stop from eating since I’m around two pies away from puking, but they’re still making me a too happy man for me to do that.
Misha once said that Cas is on the autistic spectrum and that also inspired me to try to write him like this as well.
I also realize now that this is the first time I’ve ever seen Cas frowning this badly, even though he still has work to do in the threatening department. “Do not talk about Dean this way!” His deep voice
“So, your way of checking my temperature is poking my forehead?” I shakily respond to him, while trying to get myself in check. I do have the tendency to escape reality and dissociate, but I need to stop doing this, especially when Cas is with me. Who knows what kind of brain doctor he’d want to send me to, if this keeps happening.
That moment I see a beautiful sad smile taking form on Cas’s lips. I didn’t even know that people could have this kind of smile, especially one directed at me. Even my heart skipped a few beats because of it. “Thank you, Dean.”
“From what I know, you usually don’t kidnap and tie people against their will when you’re in love with them.” I say between clenched teeth. I still try to slowly use the nail on my handcuffs, but it’s quite hard doing it while hiding it from him.
We end up talking a little more, until he has to leave to get back to work and making the promise that we should keep in contact from now on. Yes, we definitely should. I definitely feel better after hearing his voice.
That very moment he just gets so adorably red that I only want to squeeze his pretty face. “I believe it is too early for that. We should not rush yet–”
He’s finally stopping deep inside me, feeling something warm and disgusting spreading there. If he wouldn’t have used his powers or whatever the fuck was that, I’d have puked my guts years ago.
? What the fuck? “Your voice is really hot. Do you live around here?” I’ll punch her. I swear that I’ll punch her. Not even I told Cas that, even if it’s true. “My name’s Becky. Yours?”
gave this consent to anyone. No matter how much they tortured me, even when I was a black-market slave, I never gave up on the only freedom I was left with.
way. I didn’t expect him to actually say that out loud to everyone. He really says the worst things at the worst moments. Seeing that I look just as disturbed as he is, he explains himself. “I was with Gabriel, his brother that came with him; I should also mention that that guy is insane as well!” He then starts to gesticulate and talk chaotically, seeming like he forgot his initial idea. “He wouldn’t let me leave! He kept talking about planning to make a gigantic chocolate goose who poops chocolate and I was so shocked and then he showed me pictures of an existent chocolate chicken who does the same thing,” He sits on the bed defeated. “It looked so realistic, Dean. I’ll have nightmares about this all my life!”
Garth seems to be a little taken back by my outburst, but since he’s used with my behavior, he recovers quickly and adds “You know, I always feel scared when alphas are visiting you. We try to keep you safe as best as we can, but there are alphas out there so strong that even you won’t be able to escape their wrath that easily, Dean.”
“N-no. Of course not, Dean. I will be there when I am done.” So, he’s not gonna admit it. Well, there’s still the chance of me being wrong and Cas not actually being
Suddenly we hear steps approaching us and a half-dead Gabriel walking to the couch. “I’m dyingggg!” He tries to scream dramatically, but his voice fails, so he throws himself back on the couch face down.
“Unfortunately, yes. My name is Castiel Novak and if you have any more problems, please report me to the police station. Now, please give the phone back to
. I try to calm myself down, since in the end it’s not Cas’s fault, so I only shrug and follow him into the store. He asks the lady from there for the most comfortable ones they have (even if he seems anything but comfortable being here), but I simply point to a random one and get out of the store, leaving Cas alone again.
Fun Fact: Yes, Gabriel unwillingly had to listen to their whole conversation and prayed to the whole universe for them to finally shut up and let him sleep off his hangover :D
I bet that not only Gabriel, but me as well, are wearing some pretty stupid expressions right now. Why would he ask that? It’s not like he was the one who gave me my first
Yup, he didn’t understand anything I said and I have no idea what can I say more, so I just address the issue at hand. “Call that lawyer, Cas. I wanna see his dumbed look when he looks at me signing those papers.” I try to joke, though Cas is finally relaxing now and showing a little smile.
Of course, he has dirty thoughts about me. But him admitting that so easily, while remembering that I fantasied about him also
Cas looks confusingly back and forth at us though, definitely not understanding the dick’s outburst. He then says disappointedly “Dick, you used to be more restrained than today; even if I knew that you do not support my mentality, I never thought that you will get to this point.”
