Not caring about the stress on her body, she sharply turned up, reaching into the sky. The water fell from her suit, dripping like rain, as she reached into the setting sky. With the darkening rainbow sky, it looked picture perfected.
Steve narrowed his eyes. "You would say that. Stay away from her; there're other dames out there if you need a fix," he stated, annoyed. "And I don't know. We can decide tomorrow." He took a deep breath.
It would've happened anyhow with or without her, which was what she told herself; however, she couldn't believe it. She had done so many things in her life, and she had hurt so many people. How could this be any different? However, this time it was Peggy and her father telling her this, and she knew she could believe them, especially Peggy, who would never lie. She would never steer her wrong. "Okay," she said, slowly pushing herself off Howard.
Picking herself back up, she decided to face them. "I'm really a child, ain't I?" Shaking her head, she headed out. Toni opened the door slowly to not alert anyone to her presence. She wanted to scope things out first before talking to them. From Rogers' bedroom only the small kitchen was visible, and from what she could see, there was no one in there. Toni stepped out slowly, still keeping an eye out.
It wasn't long before his terror turned into anger as it was taking too long for him to land. It felt like he had been falling for hours as he watched for some kind of movement from Toni, and he had to do something. Without any hesitation, he reached for a knife and cut himself free of the parachute.
The only thing Toni could think about was the whiskey in her bedroom. It was a 100 year old whiskey that she hid so no one would find it. She was saving it for a time when she wanted to forget everything, and after becoming Iron Man, she never thought she would need it, but now, she wanted it. She wanted to drink and never remember the pain. She wanted to forget everything. She wanted to forget the hollow feeling inside of her, the feeling that she would be completely alone for it was the punishment that she needed. Not even Pepper or Rhodey could relief her of that pain.
This was why she never listened to anyone, especially him. She hated how he made her feel like a child, granted she acted like a child sometimes... but he didn't need to be given any more excuses to treat her as such. "I can handle myself. That woman just got lucky. It won't happen again."
Howard let out a sigh. "I tell myself that every night, but I can't seem to make myself believe it."
Shaking her head, Toni pushed herself up and wiped her eyes. She didn't want to wait for that man to come back. She needed to get away, far far away. She didn't want to be here anymore and she just wanted to go home, her home in the future with the Avengers.
The genus paused for a second, pandering the question. There was a bit of embarrassment growing up inside of her. She wasn't embarrassed of her relationship—never!-, but at times, she felt like a wide open book for the world to see. She didn't like that, though her public facade glistened in it, but there were a few things she wanted to keep to herself. It was certain parts of her relationship that she wanted to keep to herself. It was-
He took a step back from the camera, as he stared at the key pad on the door. "I want to talk. Let me in."
She asked herself as she leaned closer to him, into his touch. She didn't know what this meant, but she wanted something close to this.
Toni could hear him as he stepped away. What was it about this third man? Did he do something? Was that why Rollins sounded scared in approaching him?
Sighing, he walked to the door. "I see you aren't going to cooperative with us. I wanted to do this the easy way. I would like not to interrogate a woman. "
There was no anger or judgement in her face. There was this softness in Sharon's face, a softness that Toni had never been directed at her before from this woman. Though it was weird, it was welcomed. "Hey, Toni. You okay?" she asked, gently. Her hold did loosen, allowing Toni to break free, but she kept a firm hand on the brunette.
Toni stared at him, because she wouldn't put it pass Salty; however, he was against it. He didn't want her anywhere this man, as he didn't believe it was worth the risk, but it was. She needed one of those hydra cores. They were the only thing in this time period that would be able to power the device, being created from the Tesseract. She knew she couldn't get the cube, but those cores might be close enough. "You could be right," She stated as she watched him cross to the door. "But that isn't it."
- though if she was honest with herself, this wasn't the first time that she met someone who gave her the vibe. However, this one was different. Toni was
So, why was he still here? Did he want something? His future Best Friend just left. Was he looking for something? She didn't have to ponder for long, as he held something out to her. "You aren't giving me your number, are you?" she asked, eyeing the card. "Not that I can blame you. That way you can say you tried."
, she thought with a deep breath. She closed her eyes and took another deep breath, trying to relax. She was a Stark, and they didn't (or rather not supposed to) let people see them sweat. She had an image to protect and that did not involve looking weak, which was what was happening.
Tony finally looks up and smiles at her. "I didn't run away. I got bored," he says. "And I didn't know you care."
"Just be careful," Barnes said to her. He took few feet toward Rogers, blocking Rogers' view of her. For that, she was grateful as she didn't want to see his face. She knew that Rogers knew that something was wrong. "We need to talk, Steve."
"I'm sorry. Those were his last words." Shaking his head, he didn't have time for this. Whatever was happening, he needed to figure it out, but first, he needed to find Toni. Either way, someone was lying to him. "Excuse me."
"I don't need your help, Rug Muncher," he stated as he whipped the blood from his mouth. His semi-joking mood had turned completely sour and he was shooting daggers with his eyes.
"Hey, Buddy, do you want to me to throw another wrench at you?" she asked as she reached for the closest tool on the table. "Correction, a screwdriver. You want me to throw a screwdriver at you?" she yelled as she waved the screwdriver. "And you ask a lot of questions."
"Miss," JARVIS greeted as the suit closed around her. "My diagnosis is that you've experienced a severe anxiety attack," he added without missing a beat.
Shaking her head, she turned her attention to Steve, because she would 'jump' Barnes if he kept smiling at her like that. "Are you okay, Steve?" she asked as she crossed to him. "What's with you and picking fights?" she asked, annoyed at the Shrimp Captain. He had yelled at her for picking fights, but yet, he was doing it himself.
After disconnecting the scanner and pushing the reactor back into her chest, Toni headed back to the camp, knowing that someone would be looking for her. It was about halfway when she noticed someone following her, and for a split second, panic overtook her; she was able to calm herself after a few deep breaths. It was clear that her stalker didn't know that she spotted him. Not learning from past experiences, she circled back to get the drop on her tail, and after a few minutes, she confused, which was something that she could tell from the distance, the man by laying a few false tails.
She thought, bitterly. Seriously, how much did he just cost the city by jumping through buildings? No, now was not the time. Granted, she would probably have to pay for all that. "Agreed," she replied, narrowing her eyes. "Hurt me? You don't know who you're dealing with," she threatened as she charged him. Any other attack could risk the public's safety, and she refused to let someone get hurt on her watch.
As time went on, she wasn't able to make sense of the rapidly coming images, which she couldn't stop or control. With small, shallow breaths, Toni felt like she was watching scenes from a movies, while having a drinking game. Nothing made sense to the Genius, and the growing headaches forced her to her knees. She could barely hear JARVIS speaking in her ear, saying something, but she couldn't make out any of it out. These bloody images were all she could think about, the only thing she could focus on.
She felt her heart skip a beat, feeling someone behind her. She couldn't get over how jumpy she had become since this whole experience, and it annoyed her. She hated being so weak that even a glass of water could freak her out, and now a mere shadow could do the same. Maybe she could talk to Clint, who would tease her endlessly, but he would give her some pointers without questions. "Colonel," she replied as she welded a wire to a core.
With a deep breath, Steve glanced around, eyeing anyone who came close. As they were in the lobby (or what Steve thought was the lobby), there was a lot of foot traffic, and there were a lot of ears around. Steve, who was unsure of what he doing or where he was going, had no clearances and was stuck to the lobby only, even if he wanted to get away from the crowd for privacy. His eyes flicked to the SHIELD's logo in the center of the room and stayed focused on it.
Similar the rest of the class, Toni was also covered in paint—looking like she was ambushed at a paintball fight, though not as painful. It was on her face. In her hair. In her ears. She would be surprised if it wasn't in her pants. "And you," she declared, pointing to the student, whose invention exploded, "That was awesome." She might not be good with people, but this was something that she loved. She loved inventing. It could always lift her soul.
"It isn't a he," Phillips stated as he pulled the fake file that he made for the woman. "You just know her as Toni." He handled it to Rogers. "I'm surprised she didn't tell you."
Natasha stepped forward as she morphed back into Agent Romanoff, Master Assassin. "Rogers," She said. "She's correct. We need to figure out if this is connected."
"There is no where you can run from yourself, Toni. You're a murderer, and nothing can change that."
Taking a deep breath, Bruce spoke, "We do. There's nothing else I can do without Barton and Romanoff. They're being back supplies from SHIELD."
"Who does the other tag before belongs to?" he asked, waiting a few seconds for Toni to reply, but all she did was stare up at the ceiling. "Will you tell me what happened?" Bruce get her a look before he glanced down at the reactor again. This time he had a tool in his hand as he looked it over.
Ignoring the fact that she was leaving Steve on that roof top, she followed the guy. Toni, awestruck by him, watched the Shooter for a few seconds, scrutinizing his every move, before dropping down in front of him. Again, he reminded her as a Ninja as he disappeared into the shadows. He was invisible to anyone who would run upon him. It was eerie.
Yes, it was stupid to leave the camp and tread through the woods so close to enemy's lines, but she couldn't stay in the camp anymore. She needed space, and she did have a gun, which she had pickpocketed from some guy who had flirted with her. He had thought that she was feeling him up when she lifted it from the idiot. She knew he realized it but he didn't want to admit that a woman got the best of him. That was the only good thing about this time: no one would expect a woman.
She turned to him slightly and Steve could almost feel her glare on him. "Captain," she replied curtly, her voice plain. She was clearly irritated.
and wormhole in New York played in her head, which wasn't the worst nightmare she ever had. The worst the ones were of Bucky's bloody form coming to kill her, angry that she had let him die. It also didn't help when Steve popped into these dreams, telling her that she was worthless, that loving her was a mistake. That he hated her. Wanted her dead for leaving his best friend to die. Sometimes, she had all three of those dreams in one night, and she was left shaking unable to sleep for days.
Toni wanted to go after him, but Phillips held her back. "Let me go," she ordered. Her arm was still firmly against chest.
"No, but that's a warning sign." He walked to the door, leaving the photos on the tables. "We'll talk later," he said with a smile as he walked out of the room.
"You didn't beat me. I forfeited. There's a difference," she countered. "We can go another round if you like." She gave him a big smile. "Want to go?" She waved her numb fist at him as she hopped around like a boxer. Jones laughed. "It doesn't have to be a poker game. It can be anything else. A drinking contest? I can outdrink any one!" Toni had no idea of where this energy was coming from.
"You're amazing, you know that?" she said. Though she still felt like crap, she could find the surface.
Steve hovered over her for a few more seconds, running his hands up and down her side one last time. "Okay, Okay," he said, sounding relieved not finding any injuries. "Stay down. I'm going to check on Fury." His hands lingered on her a few more seconds before he rolled off her and made his way to Fury. He kept low to ground, turning completely into Captain America. A man in charge.
, because it's his safe place. "Sorry, I'm fucken Stupid," he snaps as he gets to his feet and pushes pass them. "I'm sorry I'm such an asshole. Such a fuck up." He knows he's starting a fight with them; in fact, he wants this to end in a fight. It will make it easier. "Why don't you two just follow me everywhere I go and stop me from doing anything remotely dangerous? It seems like I can't do anything right with the two of you."
Toni felt her heart flip as she listened to his voice. There was something in his tone that sounded like he was broken, like he was in extreme pain. She wanted to reach out and hug him, but there was something in his eyes that stopped her. "Steve," she uttered as it was all she could say. Her own voice was breaking.
It was just Bruce and Pepper alone in the lounge, and for a while, it was dead silent between the two. The tension could be cut with a knife, and to make things worse, Pepper was still steaming at the fact that no one told her that Toni was back. Sure, she guessed that they were correct that they didn't want to overwhelm the genius, but she wasn't SHIELD. She was one of the closest people to Toni, and she was one of the few people who could get to her. She knew when to push and when not to push.
man," he replies, stressing the word ladies. For the hundred time, he isn't a teenager girl. He doesn't fall for any guy that looks his way. "And lastly, what happens when we fight? Because we will, you know me. We will, and they will take each other side. They will back each other up, leaving me alone. I'll be the one hanging out to dry. They got history. I got nothing. Did it before. Will do it again." He doesn't know what he's saying, because Natasha's face just falls and her eyes are large.
she thought. She didn't voice that part, not wanting to alert everyone to the last time she slept. She also didn't want them to know that she had to be sedated either.
"I think you're all wrong," Falsworth said as he interrupted the three. He had a drink in his hand and a smile on is face. "Don't you agree, Toni?"
Colonel Phillips didn't know what he thought about the woman with no last name, but he knew he didn't trust the shit she was spouting. There was something odd about that woman and he was going to find out what it was. He didn't know what he was going to do just yet as he didn't want to hurt her. It went against his core to interrogate a lady with force, and no matter how much Toni pissed him off, he wasn't going to.
"Hey," she said, as she entered. He looked up from what he was working on and smiled. The table in front of him was filled with regular 1940's guns and each looked different from the last. The table behind him was filled with stolen HYDRA weapons and they were glowing brightly.
, and after the countless mind wipes, there should've been no reason why he remembered her, but he did. He didn't know her name, but that didn't matter, he fought. He fought everyone.
Natasha gives him a hard look, as she places a warm hand on his arm. "You can't expect Steve and Barnes to react differently. You did break up with them."
Toni groaned from her spot on the ground. Why did she feel like her robots and AI were mocking her? When did she program them to be assholes? Or where they just taking off her? Did she need to work on her parenting skills? "I am so donating you," she sneered as she reached for the face plate. It felt like she had been hit by a bus, and no doubt she would be bruised in a few hours… Probably looking like someone had punched her. Good thing Steve wasn't around or everyone would think it was him. She could see the headlines.
If she wasn't drunk, would she be acting like she was about to give birth? She wasn't sure, but since babies normally scared the shit out of her, she was blaming the whiskey for this metaphor. A clear sign that she had had enough… not that she wanted babies. "I'm pleased to announce the imminent arrival of your bouncing, bad-ass, baby brother." She bowed to the suits before turning away. "Start Titan and go wide, stamp in time. Mark 42 autonomous prehensile propulsion suit test. Initialize sequence."
"I'm fine," she replied, having nothing else to say. "You shouldn't sleep on the floor. It isn't very good for your back." She stood up slowly and Rogers' hand fell from her shoulder.
"Two weeks and no," he answered eyeing her. He took the toothbrush out of his mouth and held it in his hand
Toni's heart slowly returned to its normal speed. "Yea," she articulated, not sure of what else to say—not that she would say it. Sharon saw her mid freak out, something that she hid at all cost. "Peachy." With a deep breath, she glanced back at Steve's apartment. The door was still open, exposing the apartment to the hallway, but Barnes was gone like he was never there…which he wasn't. Barnes was dead. He would never be there. She was just a nut case.
Toni, who had forgotten about her chest piece in her confusion, looked down. She felt like an idiot. How could she forget about that? It was the keeping her alive. "My reactor," she muttered, closing her eyes. When she was in the empty lot, something she could tell from the photos, the reactor was fading in and out. Opening her eyes, she glanced down. It wasn't fading, but it wasn't as bright as it usually was. The Device must've drained it. I should've listen to JARVIS, she thought, feeling stupid. The Arc Reactor was barely visible through the hospital gown, and that wasn't a good sign.
Toni could feel her heart beat against her chest, as Gary's excitement grew. "Keep it down," she demanded, worried that someone would hear him and notice her. "SSSHH," she hissed.
When he didn't respond, Natasha added, "Steve. We'll find her. They don't realize who they had pissed off. We're the avengers. We have a hulk." Her voice was soft but firm.
Picking up speed, Toni turned on a dime, trying force the water into a high wave. Failing to do so, she turned on the suddenly again, heading east. She kept up theses turns, trying to move the water.
"And it would help if you find someone who isn't dating the hottest specimen on the earth. You know," she said with a shrug. She may have been teasing with this SHIELD agent, but she was studying him, trying to get a read on him. He wasn't ugly in any sense of the word, but she wasn't sure if she would consider him drop dead gorgeous. He looked…. Normal for a lack of a better word. He seemed trustworthy with that smile of his, but something felt wrong. Her gut, though wrong at times, was telling her that someone was odd; however, if she was honest with herself, it could be her panic—not panic attack influencing her thoughts.
It was only a few minutes later, when the control room came into sight, but it wasn't the room that caught his sight. What caught his eyes was Toni, who looked like hell even from this distance. Schmidt had a firm grip on her arm as he held her close. He couldn't even see space between them, and that pissed off Bucky. He didn't care that he was the enemy; he shouldn't be holding her like that. In her struggling, he could see multiple bruises on her body, but it was the black eye that stuck him hard. How dare he touch her? He was going to hit him for each mark on her body. No, wait, he was just going to kill him just for that huge bruise on her face.
"Trying to drink…though she could be messing with me," Barnes said, teasing. A bright smile was present on his face.
Before her conversion with Rogers, Toni would've wanted to hear about Rhodey's reaction as she would've loved to hear his whining, but right now, she didn't care. She didn't want to hear about it, and the idea of that didn't sit well with her. "So how long will it be before the suit arrives?"
Holding up her hair, Toni could feel his cold hand on her back and his hot breath on her neck. "All good?" she asked as she felt him go all the way up. He was getting her hot again.
"Stark," Barnes utters as Tony makes it into the room. "What are you doing here?" He's close, so close that he's almost in bed with the injured Cap. He's almost right on top on him in his lap, and Tony doesn't need to know what he has interrupted to know this is probably a mistake. Why is he here?
Smelling what she was, Steve's eyes widened. "No!" he yelled, as he dashed back to stove. Without grapping a mite, he yanked the pan from the heat. The heat rushed him, but he paid no attention. There was just a pout on his face.
Folding her arms against her chest, she tried to warm herself as she trekked back to the dinner, or at lease she tried to. She had no idea of where she was. "Stupid Bastard," she muttered again, not caring about the weird looks she was getting. People probably thought she was crazy and she would agree with them. She never thought things through, which often got her in trouble.
, because I don't think Stark will put up much of a fight in this state. You're the only one would be able to convince Stark to stay."
Phillips stopped and looked at her. "How do you know about the Super Soldier Project?" he asked. He looked at her. "I didn't think you were a spy but now I do."
The genius wasn't sure if she was imaging the tone in JARVIS' voice or if it was in her head. She wasn't sure what was real or fake anymore, as she kept seeing things. This wasn't the first time that she had asked JARVIS to run full system check, thinking that the AI had missed something, and she doubted it would be the last time she asked. She wasn't sure what she was expecting with each time she asked…though it wouldn't turn out well if JARVIS found located something.
Why was he bugging her? Was it about her walking around by herself? Was it about the promise? Sure, she made it, but it seemed like Agent Sassy Kissy Face was all he needed. "Let go of me, Rogers," she demanded, trying to pull her arm free.
"Here. Let me help you up," the man said. He wasn't the same man (Smaller) that she was chasing, but she had seen him before. She just didn't know where, though she had met a lot of people in her life.
Toni glanced up from her tablet to see Rumlow a few feet from her with an eager smile on his face. A smile that did not match the rest of him. He was dressed in full combat gear with his team—also in full combat gear- following behind him. Toni didn't know what was with that smile, staring at her like she was a piece of meal, but he was up to something. She didn't trust that man as far as she could throw him without the Iron Man suit. "Oh, you miss me?" she asked, giving him a look. "Can't blame you on that." Was this harder than normal? It felt like she was running a race that she couldn't win. God, she thought she was doing fine, but that Assassin's words kept replying in her head.
Putting the card back in his packet, he shook his head. "No, Miss Stark. You need it more than I do. I refuse to leave you out here without a coat."
People needed to stop looking at her as if she was going to kill herself. Yes, once and awhile she had those negative thoughts, but she would never kill herself. "It isn't like that," she muttered. "And I'm going."
Toni gave him a look before she turned back to Rumlow. "So why do you?" Her eyes started at the top and worked their way down his heavily armed body. Her eyes reaching his chest, she noticed a patch on his uniform. Her heart beat against her ribs as she noticed what it said: S.T.R.I.K.E. Even if those memories—if they were memories- were just a blurry mess, they came flooding back, though she didn't know what any of that meant.
she told herself. "You need to do things as if I'm not here." She set the knife on the table and walked away. She shook her head as she remembered the time in the lab that she had given her father advice, which had worked. Toni had made a mistake that day, but she couldn't help it. It wasn't often that she knew something that her father didn't.
Steve smiled softly before he turned to Rhodes, eyeing him. As he studied Colonel Rhodes, he wondered why he was ever jealous of the man, who was like a brother to Toni—No, not like. Was. He was a brother to Toni, always keeping her safe. Protecting her from everything, even from herself. Without him, Steve had no idea what could've happened to Toni, but he knew it wouldn't have been good. For that, Steve owed Rhodes everything, and that was something that he would never be able to repay. "Thank you," the Captain finally said.
Ignoring the heat building in her chest, Toni pulled back slightly and stared into his eyes, which just drilled through her. She could melt in his eyes as he looked upon her like she was the most important thing in the world, which just sent her stomach into summersaults. Just by looking at her, he could make everything disappear and make her feel ten times better. He had this way at looking at things. He had this way about him, seeing the best in people. He made her want to jump into his arms and never leave. "But my food! It's going to get cold," she whined, unable to take his intensity.
"Miss Stark's words were, 'Let's make him walk, because again, sharing is not caring, and I don't share well.'" The AI replied.
Steve is smiling as he looks upon his fellas. "Me too," he adds, putting his arms around them and holding tightly. "You both do. I don't want to know what I'd do without the two of you."
Toni eyed his hand on her shoulder. "I'm fine," she said through her teeth. Seeing, hearing him like this reminded her of the times before her mother's death.
Toni could feel her eye twitch as he saw right through her. "I have, but that doesn't matter here." She looked pass Erskine's head and at the glass, wondering who was watching now.
He shrugged it off. "I don't mind it. I rather like the nickname. Funny, dunna think?" His whole body shook as he laughed. "And I would beat the man who used it to insult me."
"Wait! Wait! Hold on! How is this now about me?" Toni said, loudly, as she stepped forward. There was shock in her voice that surprised him, even if it was masked by a joking tone.
Toni glanced at him, not buying anything he was selling. Why did it matter how she was feeling? "Do you normally ask your soldiers how they are?" she asked, eyeing him. She learned forward on his desk.
However, before anyone could speak, a sensor went off. On one of the monitor, they found the Tesseract and there was no time waste. There was no telling what they were planning. The monitor kept beeping and flashing, which Toni took as her clue. She jumped into action before anyone had a plan, which irritated Steve. Did she not think before she acted? Was she always this reckless and stupid? Did she think of anyone else but herself?
Toni didn't know what it was, but she wanted to beat him, and it wasn't because she was jealous. Toni refused to be jealous because there was no reason for her to be. Who would want Rogers anyways? He was an asshole with who didn't know what he wanted.
Toni wanted to laugh because she knew the future. She knew the outcome, but she couldn't bring herself to laugh as she noticed the murderous look in his eyes. He meant it. "I like it when you talk dirty," she said, drilling into his eyes. Madame Hydra had been correct that Toni used her words to hide, but she wouldn't admit that to anyone. She could barely admit that to herself.
There was a hard, cold look in Romanoff's eyes, as she drilled into him. "I can accept you didn't mean to," she said, softly but deadly. "I can accept it was accident. So, there is not-"
"It is not time for our fight, Captain," the Red Skull stated as he turned. "You are not ready. You are foolish for you are controlled by your emotions."
Though SHIELD were keeping it under the wraps, there was no denying that Toni was here, not with the fresh blacken marks. "What's on your mind, Cap?" Clint asked, as he searched through the metal scraps of what was once a water tower. The area was flooded water and sharp pieces of metal, and the field was turning into ice with the dropping temperatures.
Natasha gave the Archer a look before she crossed to the door. "I wonder if a certain genius is a sleep?" she asked.
Toni's eyes widened. "What?" Did he really say that? Did he hit his head? Where was her phone? She had to call JARVIS and Bruce to check him out. "But Shield-"
Tony smiles as he turns and leans against the counter. "And what about you, Tasha?" he asks, smiling at her. Natasha and Tony hadn't been close originally, but that had changed in the past few months. She has been become one of this favorite people, and that's saying something.
After all of the time Toni had spent with the kid, she realized that the idea of kids wasn't the worst thing ever, though they would have to be like Harley. He may be a smart ass, but he wasn't a screaming shit bag like the few others she had seen. She couldn't stand the whiney ones. "Yeah. A: Saved you first, B: Thanks, sort of but not really, and C: If you do someone a solid, don't be a yutz, alright? Just play it cool. Otherwise you come off grandiose." However, Harley needed some training.
Rogers turned from Toni and stepped around the table to the Colonel. "We can't let her go out. Schmidt seems to have an interest in her. It's too risky to send her out. Did you forget?"
Without thinking, Toni went to hit his hand away but her hand went through. She glared at her inability to hit him. "Then tell me and go."
Toni turned over ever so slowly to him, and with a dead and sleepy look her in eyes, she forced them open. There was no doubt that she would remember this conversion in the morning. "I wanted
"I'm fine, Peg," she replied. "Let's just do this. We'll need an isolated spot in case this reacts like it did the last time."
"Dangerous?" she snapped. He so did not have the right to tell her no. She would do what she wanted. "Just because you don't know how to handle it, doesn't mean I can't."
Toni was about to snap, which she didn't need to do in front of everyone. Shaking her head, she left and didn't turn back when she heard her name. How did she miss this? How could she not notice that he was the same ass as before?
Hoping over a few bodies, Clint flipped into air and fired his bow in mid fall. With impressive speed, the arrow hit it target- a large computer across from him before anyone could react. Acting like a virus, the Arrow infected the computer, shutting down and stealing all the files in the matter of seconds. "Yup, Cap. See, we're good. I can talk and work at the same time."
"Well if you walk around shirtless, I wouldn't notice him at all," She laughed, closing his eyes. "Granted, I probably won't be able to get any work done."
Loki didn't finish as the door to the room suddenly opened, silencing him. Toni glanced at the familiar looking nurse entering into the room before turning back to Loki, worried that the nurse saw him; however, she was alone in the room. She didn't know how he did it, but he was gone as if he was never there in the first place. Though he annoyed her to no end and was a massive murderer, she didn't want him to go as he was a connection to the future. Also, he was up to something and she wanted to figure out what.
"It wasn't a choice," Toni muttered. Though she was thankful to the device which saved her life, the device had caused her so much pain. It had almost killed her. He stared into her eyes and she knew he could see the pain in her eyes. "Without it, I will die," she muttered again.
Fighting back the panic, she tried to logically and calmly think where it could possibly be. It had to be somewhere, right? Someone didn't just take it, right? Maybe, she could speak to that Lawyer. He could know where the photo was. If he didn't know, Toni didn't know what she would do. Sure, it was just a picture, but it was one of the few photos of her father and her. Plus, it was a one of a kind photo of her father and she in the past.
Steve's smile didn't falter as Toni froze in front of him, a shaky stop. "I don't know if this isn't too soon. Okay, maybe too soon, but it feels right," he started. "I don't really know what I'm doing. I really don't. If you think about it, you're the only girl I ever really dated. The only dame I ever had sex with, so…" He drifted off, red in his face. He shook his head slightly as if to push away from that topic. "But I know all is that I want you. I just want to be with you." He paused for a second. "Doesn't matter where. Doesn't matter when, I just want you. Your very smile-"
Toni glanced around the lab that Peggy had dropped her in a short while ago, having important things to do that she didn't want Toni to know about. She had talked generically in front of her without revealing any details as she eyed Toni. It made her feel like child, which infuriated her, but she didn't say anything or even react to it liked she wanted to. If she wanted to earn their trust and get her damn device back, she had to listen and behave, which would be difficult.
Interrupting, Howard gave Peggy and Toni a look. "I think you plan to turn my child into another you, Peg."
He had a point, but they both knew that it wasn't going to be. Their informant was solid; she wasn't needed. She wasn't going to be anywhere that she wasn't needed.
"I know." He looked hurt by her use of his last name. "Did you tell Bucky about your nightmares?" he asked.
At that, the Genius pushed herself up in a sitting position, as her eyes widen. "What are you talking about? Me time traveling?" she asked. "Because trust me, I have no interest in doing that again." The very thought of it made her uneasy. She could feel her skin start to crawl at the thought of it.
"Probably," she replied, though she knew her father would be tossing in his grave. He didn't believe in pills, because a true Stark didn't need pills. A true Stark didn't need anything to help him or her get through the day. Though the memories were conflicting (oh the joys of time traveling), he wasn't always like this, and it wasn't until the later years that he drilled this into her.
"No, answer?" she asked, after not hearing a reason. She stood still, frozen in her own thoughts, thinking if she should say what was on her mind. "Let me tell you something: I don't let people in, Rogers. I learned that the hard way, and I made a mistake in letting Barnes…and you in. So I'm correcting that."
"How will you and Steve get together if you don't have my help?" She questioned as she made her eyes as big as she could. "You can't fight my puppy dog eyes." She put on her best I-am-innocent look.
Howard let out a small chuckle. "I don't think I can ever win with her," he stated as he picked up the case and headed to the door. "I'll leave now. I have to pack anyways." With that, he was out the door.
Though Toni was up and walking, she still tired easily as she hadn't fully recovered. Lying there on the ground in a pile of guns, she felt exhausted, and there was no chance that she could run for it. From the corner of her eyes, she glanced at the guns, wondering if they were loaded, but she knew the likelihood was low. Guns in the armory were never loaded for safety reasons, though the bullets weren't stored too far away. If only she had been knocked into the table filled with HYDRA weapons which didn't need bullets.
anyone, but that just made her heart ache. He was more real than most people she had met. She would be lost without JARVIS. She knew that fact well. "Thank you," She said, tucking the card into her light hoody. "JARVIS, can you send the Iron Man suit?" she asked, turning from Sam. With her mind flipping on itself, she just wanted to get out of here. She couldn't take the look in his knowing eyes anymore.
And I hope you don't find Toni too annoying in this chapter and the next. She is going to be Guilt Ridden in the next couple of chapters.
Lacing another special arrow, Barton fired again. His eyes still trained on the flaming ex-soldiers. "I'm awesome, Cap. I can gloat and fire at the same time, unlike some people." He paused for a second before adding, "And if Stark can do it, so can I. No special treatment here unlike certain people. Do I need to sleep with you to get special treat-"
Toni stepped to the right of the Super Soldier, glancing around the room. Dugan, Jones, and Trip were sitting on one of sofa, and not too far from them was Bruce. They were deep in conversion about something, but their voices were too soft to make out. Every once and awhile, they would glance over to the bar, eyeing the group there. In the corner by the bar, Romanoff had separated Rhodes and Barton by stepping in between them. She was giving each a deadly look that only a fool would cross.
"The Mandarin?" Toni asked, feeling a chill in her chest. A mission meant Steve was leaving for an undetermined amount of time, and her chest tightened thinking about. It meant that she was going to Malibu alone, and she would be alone
that they were dead. He took a deep breath as he opened the first folder and gazed. It was of Howard Stark- deceased, and that completely shocked him. How did the genius die? How was that possible? Steve though he out live them all. The folder shook in his hands as he tried to force himself to read it, but he couldn't. He just couldn't. It would be too much.
Okay, she knew she was eye candy herself, but he didn't need to stare at her like that. People were only allowed to stare at her like that if they were about to have sex. She wouldn't mind to see how he was in bed but she knew that wasn't going to happen. That would be a very bad idea.
Toni didn't want to admit that, especially to her father. Sure, he was warm, but that was now. In the future, he wouldn't be like that. He would be cold, and there was no doubt he would see weakness in her nightmares. "Not often," she lied, shaking off his hand and turning away. She couldn't allow herself to become attached to this version of her father.
relax. We're sending a mass murderer to try and save Stark," he explained, switching to Toni's last name. He didn't feel comfortable saying her first name in front Romanoff. Heck, he didn't feel comfortable saying in front of anyone; he himself could hear how emotional he was when he said her name, which was reason why he stuck to saying Stark. They didn't need to see how emotional he was.
to her. However, it wasn't the time for sex, as she needed rest more than she needed his dick—though his dick didn't seem to understand that, and he hated himself for even allowing that thought to enter his mind. Right now, Toni needed rest, and he was going to make sure she got it.
Toni's heart raced as it wasn't JARVIS who spoke. Turning around slowly, the genius came face to face with the last person that she wanted to see. How the hell was this possible? How did he find her here? Why did he even look for her? "S-Rogers…" she uttered, clearly shocked.
Talking, Peggy boarded the craft, as she went over the next battle. Like everyone, she was stressing over this as it could be the end of Schmidt and it had to go prefect. There was so many things counting on this, and one was Barnes, as they wanted his death to mean something.
With her heart pounding in her ear, Toni paid very little attention to Steve, Fury or the door, which opened to reveal Sharon, as Toni's attention was on the shooter. That asshole was not going to get away. She wasn't going to let him or her get away, not when she had so many questions.
"It's true. All of it." He smiled at her as he opened the kit. He finally broke eye contract to look into the med kit, and spotting an ice pack on the bottom, he reached it, the medical type and everything else he needed. With everything in hand, he went back to her left ankle. He cracked the ice pack, activating it before pressing it to her ankle. He could feel her flinch, but he didn't let go. Holding it with one hand, he wrapped Toni's ankle with the other.
Phillips stepped toward. "Easy, Sark," he stated as he grabbed hold of her shoulder. "Though he should reframe form making absurd comments, he meant no harm."
After drying off and wrapping the towel around his waist, he stepped toward the mirror and stared at his reflection. Even with the shower, he looked like a puppy looking for a home, and he hated that. Why was he like this? Why was he so useless? All he could do is bust down doors, while everyone else did the important things. They were the one collecting information and using it to bring Toni back.
Also the first section, I am not too sure about it. I wanted to show Toni in a complete darkness and I am not sure if it came out like that.
"Salty," she greeted as she took a seat cross from him. She went to kick her feet on his desk, but his glare stopped her. "So you're probably wondering why I requested to speak to you."
"Steve, relax," Barnes said, eyeing Toni. Even if he was trying to calm Steve down, Barnes was giving her the look.
At that moment, he sounded like the future Rogers and Toni didn't like it. She liked the past Rogers so much better than the future one, and she wouldn't listen to him if he continued to sound like that.
None of that made sense. She wasn't safe; she wasn't safe anywhere. That dripping sound just wouldn't go away, and it kept her mind locked in that pain.
Steve smiled because it wasn't an insult this time. It something so much more. "No, I'm not, but that won't stop me from trying for you."
"I was surprised to see you here. I never thought these stupid Americans would send you in," she said, her accent was heavy. "Not you; however, he'll be pleased."
"The Device that Miss Stark had been working on was suddenly activated and everything within a 10 foot range has disappeared," it stated.
"W-wait, what?" Steve stuttered. "Unrequited love? Bet? What?" There were so many things running through his head and he was unsure of what to make of them.
"I'm not going to let my best friend look for a pretty dame by himself," Barnes smiled as he zipped up his coat. "Let's go."
If JARVIS was human, he might've chuckled at Clint's outburst. "I must contest, Agent Barton. As I am connected to both Stark Industries mainframe and the World Wide Net, my knowledge is ever growing. It would be impossible for me to 'stupid.'"
"Enough," she hissed as she exited her lab, heading to her room. Though she was working on no sleep and she needed to be in bed, the sun had risen, and she had to get to work. Why again did she give Pepper the month off? Why in the hell did she think that was a good idea? And why did Steve have to go off again on some stupid SHIELD assignment? Was Fury trying to kill her? "I have to get ready."
if she didn't. She needed to focus on her plan, on her tech, because an angry genius was not smart. "Tell me something I don't know," she mocked. She tried to be as still as she could in the hopes to draw him closer.
"Anyway, I have to work," he stated, picking up his work bag from the side of the desk. Like the rest of the apartment it was old and ugly, but again, it was special. It was his father's.
Steve's eyes darted to Toni, eyeing her. She knows he was trying to read her, trying to sense where her mind was. "Yes, I am sure," Toni replies, putting on a smile. "Then, he will finally shut up about it. You know him. Talking up a storm about our dear old Steve." For Peggy, she would keep that smile on, pretending to be a dead woman.
"Does this subject make you…make you edgy?" Harley stated as he looked up at her. His eyes were following her as she put some distant between her and him.
She didn't respond as the sight of her broken down device infuriated her. "Why did you take it apart?" she snapped. It also appeared that he tried to put it back together.
Toni was quite proud of herself. At first, it was a battle within herself. She couldn't help but flash back to the night before, where her nightmare ripped off up Wilson's card. Seconds before, she had wanted to call him, wanted to talk through her issues. She also reached out in the hopes of having something to hold on to. She had wanted some stable ground. Sam was a stranger and she knew the dangers of opening up to a man she didn't know—imagine the media storm-, but there was something about the man. He was kind and caring. That was rare.
"I want to see if you will to take my deal. You know before the Red Skull gets you, though I doubt he understands how much trouble you will be," he stated, stepping even closer to her. His fingers inched closer to her.
Wilson laughs. "No, they love us. They just have a date tonight, which is why we aren't staring at Barnes begging for food."
, he thought, bitterly. The fake god's arm wasn't much bigger than his, and he didn't understand what was so great about Thor's.
Tony hobbles on his good leg as he turns back to the door. The pain is making it hard to think, and it is getting harder and harder to control his urges. He just wants to bury himself into their arms, but he can't. He knows he can't, but it doesn't mean that it isn't on his mind. "I meant what I said," he says. "I'm breaking up with you two, and you two can do whatever you two do, but leave me the hell out of it."
With a small smile, Steve turned to Toni, facing her. He brought his hand up to her face and brushed the hair out of her eyes. "Toni, are you okay? You're sweating."
night that Steve told her he was quitting SHIELD was the night that all hell broke loose. Someone must hate her, because this was a crap show with some horrible timing. Shaking her head, she crossed back to the window and leaned against the glass and stared out. "You know that I'm horrible at making friends."
"I got you." The woman repeated, softly and warmly. "It's okay." For a few long seconds, the woman just held and rocked the genius, trying to calm her. "I got you."
Stuck by his innocence, she stared at Steve as a strange warmth grew inside of her, forcing back her panic. Steve, himself, was a shield for her, as he knew the right words to say and when to say them. He knew when to push and when not to. He knew when to change the subject. He knew. That was why he was perfect. "Yea, I'll watch from the tower with some hot coco. You have fun with that."
Fury followed his glance. "I understand you're going through a lot right now, Rogers, and I can't imagine what' running through your head," he stated. "If you need a mission to get you back into things, I can-"
Maybe, it was the big block letters that caught her attention. Or maybe it was the red letterings, warning people to keep out. Maybe, it was the name on the sign that caught her eyes as this was where it all begun in a sense. This was where the American Icon was chosen.
Bucky, on the other hand, remains close, taking a seat on the right side of the empty sofa, which is odd for the former assassin. The Sergeant usually sits on the left side as it leaves his right side open to be cuddled with, as no one wants to cuddle with a metal arm, not that Tony will complain at the moment. There's nothing that Tony wants more than to be in both of his Super Soldiers' arms... No! They aren't his.
"NOW," she snapped, not caring what JARVIS was saying. There was something out there, and she was going to prove it before he got away. No, she wasn't crazy and she was going to punch the asshole that said or hinted it. "And I am so going look over your code as soon as I return."
Knowing that something had to be happening, she forced herself to awake. She didn't know what it was, but Schmidt was flipping switches. "What's going on?" she asked as she started to hear a racket outside of the control room. The louder the sounds were, the more she was convinced it was Rogers.
Toni had put her gun back into the holster as she hacked her way into the base, surprisingly this base was very high tech. It wasn't something that she expected in this time, though they did have Tesserac. She took a deep breath as the lock clicked, signaling she was in. "We're in," she said, turning back to Barnes who was served the look out. He nodded as he waved her back from the door. She backed away and allowed him pass.
Not sleeping for days, Toni was exhausted, both physically and mentally, and no matter what she did, she was dead on her feet, unable to keep her eyes closed. Nothing she did seemed to work, and she was unable to sleep for more than two hours without waking up in chills. Every night ended like that, her shivering covered in sweat…well unless she took a heavy dose of sleeping pills, which JARVIS lectured her about every time she took them.
Toni could've spouted something about what if a woman insulted him, but she decided against that, which she was rather proud of herself for not starting anything. "If you say so." She paused.
Natasha's eyes go straight to him, and he can feel her sizing him up from head to toe. He knows he smells, and he has no doubt he looks like shit too. He doesn't remember the last time he has changed his clothes or clean up. It isn't like he has anyone to impress. "So which one of you loses the bet? And what do you win?" he asks, as he crosses to the sink. He sets the plate down, turning the sink on to rinse it off.
He, suddenly, had the urge to hide the drive, though he wasn't sure if he was reading too much into things, but he was glad he did, considering he was being led off by an armed Strike force. Or maybe, he was just reading too much into this. Maybe, it was seeing Fury dead that threw him, but no! Something wasn't right. He was being led to his death. "Where's Toni?" he asked, not liking the idea that of being away from her. After she told him everything, the idea of being separated from her felt like hell, especially when things were hitting the shitter.
After a scrubbing herself three times to make sure she was cleaned, Toni turned off the shower and walked to a bench located a foot outside of the communal shower area. Alone in the locker room, she took her time getting her towel. After a few seconds of being completely naked, she wrapped the towel around her body and stepped toward a mirror. She dropped the towel slightly as she stared at her small form. She had lost a few pounds and she could see her some of her rips. Her current state reminded her of her condition when she was rescued in the desert. Her stomach growled taking her out of her thoughts. She needed to eat something, because she was exhausted just by standing there. However, she was unable to look away from her small frame.
Shaking her head, Toni forced herself to look away from Rollins. She didn't want time to ponder his death. On the other hand, with the seatbelt cut, Toni felt better, but her foot was still trapped. With her hands on the dash, she tried again to yank her foot free, but nothing she did worked. "Crap," she muttered, breathing through her noise. "Crap times 10!" Why? Why fucken why? "My Phone!" she remembered. She couldn't free herself just yet, but if she had her phone, she could call for the Iron Man suit.
"Is someone getting a divorce?" Toni asked, still trying to figure out what was happening. Seriously, it was a war zone going on in this room with the Avengers one side, and Pepper and Rhodes on the other.
"I'm not letting you go out there," he spoke as he put on a pair of glasses. He reached for a file and opened it.
Steve didn't respond as he pushed back her loose hair with his free hand. With a hand on her cheek, he studied her face in silence for a good few seconds before asking, "Will you marry me?"
, but these tags struck her heart. "Thanks," she said, staring at Bucky's tag. Though she was grateful to have something to remember him by, she wasn't sure if she had a right to wear it. She let him die, just like she allowed Steve to go down. She closed her eyes, remembering the last conversions that she had with both of them. Would Steve still call her special? Would Bucky still tell her that he would come back to her? She wasn't sure, and she couldn't blame them.
Steve snapped out of his thoughts and focused on Natasha, who was staring at him like he was a child. "I'm fine," he said. "Why don't we go in?" He waved toward the door, feeling a few water droplets on him. It was about to rain, and it was going to rain hard.
Fury stopped and moved aside as not to disrupt the flow of traffic in SHIELD headquarters, an impressive building if it could be considered as just a building. It was much more than a building. It was far more advanced than anything else on the planet. "I'm not sure what you're implying but I feel insulted, Captain Rogers," he said.
"Just going of a run," she told herself, fighting against the voice in her head. "Normal Rogers behavior." There had been several times that Toni had woken to empty bed, though having gone to bed with Steve. This was normal, and she hated it. Granted, Steve always tried to make it back before she woke. Knowing him well, she couldn't fault him, because he only did this when he could not sleep, which just made her worry. "Just normal."
After scanning the grounds one last time, Toni's eyes rested on the mound of dirt a several feet away. It was a loose pile of dirt with pieces of metal sticking out, which caught the genius's eye. Making her way over, Toni had one thing on her mind: making sure the device was destroyed and unfixable. However, as she picked up one of the shards, she felt flashes of her memories rush back to her, taking over. Everything came to an abrupt stop, and she was forced back to that foggy dream- or possible memory. Even now, she couldn't make out anything but shapes or colors; however, it felt like she was back there. She felt frozen, unable to do anything. It felt like pound of bricks had hit her in the face.
She hated talking about her emotions. "Don't you have somewhere to be?" she asked, as she nodded toward the door. He had his bags ready.
"So what do you do for a living?" she asked, knowing very little of what he did before becoming the Captain. She just knew he was a poor kid from Brooklyn.
"Good," she said, still struggling with her chains. Her fears were growing as she studied his stoic form. He was up to something and it wasn't going to be good.
She smiled, slightly dizzy. She wasn't lying when she said she could handle her drinks. After finishing the glass, she spoke, "Don't want to challenge me now?" She winked at him. Toni was told that she was an unbearable flirt when she was drunk, though she knew that wasn't true. She was always a flirt and it was never unbearable.
Seeing Toni suffering from it was a blow to his heart, as he never wanted her to feel that. He wanted nothing more than to protect her from it. He already knew she was suffering from PTSD, remembering how she was when she was rescued from the Red Skull. He knew it would get worse if she didn't talk about it, but he wondered if she would. Would she be willing to speak about it? He doubted it, but he couldn't give the subject much thought as the room was full of Avengers that he had to deal with, and they all avoided mentioning what happened at the camp.
"You know how insane you are? You –" she started but unable to finish, feeling her legs go out beneath her; however, before she could hit the ground, two arms wrapped around her keeping her up.
Steve's hand travels to Tony's face, cupping his cheek. "I promise too, Tony. I will never choose anyone over you, again. Both you and Bucky are it. I will never choose one over the other. You got it?"
"Hey now, I'm starting to think you don't like me," Barton frowned, playing hurt, as he made his way to the arrow hacking the computer. "Just giving you some advice with Toni. I am so team Iron Cap."
The Asset wasn't sent to New York City often, only when there was something important that needed his attention. He was usually sent for two reasons: his specific skills were needed (when others had failed) or to send a message. His kills were widely known throughout the intelligence community, though most didn't believe he existed. Most thought he was just a story told to scare child… well, other spies and agents, but he had been credited with over two dozen assassinations in the last fifty years, though the number was wrong. In fact, it had been more, a lot more, but only a select few knew the real number of kills.
The pain stopped for a second, though only for a second, as an intense anger took over. Shaking, Toni forced her eyes opened, ignoring the pain. "Oh yeah, with zip-ties. It's a ball," she snapped, looking at Maya—an idiot woman who didn't look sicky like Toni wanted. No matter how many times or how long it had been since she had seen this woman, anger flooded Toni each time she saw Maya, the woman who changed her life.
Natasha's expression changed as her hands dropped to her lap. "What's wrong, JARVIS?" she asked, leaning back in her chair. Her tones changed from annoyance to concern, though there was hint of something. "Did Stark do something?"
Toni watched for a few seconds, wondering if they would notice her, and when they didn't, she thought it would be best to announce her presence. "Colonel Phillips, I heard you wanted to speak to me," she spoke loudly. The two unnamed officers turned and looked at her, but they reminded silence.
After that, the conversion fell into silence, as neither of them knew what to say. They weren't friends. Toni didn't know what to say as this was the most they had ever said to each other without insulting or attacking the other. Again, (How many times could she say this?) they weren't friends, though they could've been in another life where they weren't completing for Peggy's attention. Sharon could've been a positive influence in her life.
"Why thank you," she smiled, still holding the ice against his face. "But you need to be smart about it."
Steve let out a chuckle as he just let her ramble on for a few long minutes. Zombies was never his favorite fiction, always preferring the novel with a hero. A story with a strong hero saving the world from certain death. A race again time story; however, he enjoyed listening to her funny rants as her face was lit like a Christmas tree. Her smile almost took up her face as she went off on the Zombie apocalypse. She was certain she would survive, and she was probably right. The smugness on her face was cute and he could just stare at her all day, but that would not solve anything.
He grabbed her hand to kiss it, but she yanked it away before he could. "At your service." He put on a smile and redraw his hand.
"Hints, why I took the core, so you wouldn't leave without saying bye… Well, also I wanted to give my hand at, since I now know what it does," he said.
And just like that, the wind started to pick up and the device started to spark. Toni knew there was no stopping this now, and she needed to brace herself for impact, but as she watched her father, she stared at his smile, knowing she couldn't do this, not again. She couldn't allow another person to die as she did nothing. She didn't care about the future, which she thought was damned to begin with. Maybe, the world would be better with her father alive. "Damn, it all," she yelled, though she wasn't sure if anyone could hear her over the device.
Toni laughed softly in his chest, but she still had a death grip on his uniform, not letting go for anything. "I need my Brooklyn soldier," she said, faintly. Her voice was soft, barely audible.
I hope I didn't make Future Steve seem too OOC, though I think if anyone went without sleep for a few days anyone would seem out of Character. It is like those Snickers commercials.
Getting on her feet, she did all but run out of the alley with no care how she looked or who she ran into.
To add to her struggle, it wasn't long before she came to a fork in the road. In her daze, she wasn't able to put her thoughts together and figure out what to do; she couldn't wrap her mind around anything. Also, the smoke had clouded her vision and she was barely able to make anything out, though she didn't know it was the smoke or her vision blacking out, but either way, it wasn't good. To make things even worse, her throat felt like it was on fire. She was coughing as she breathed in the heavy smoke. She was losing her energy rapidly.
Sam chuckles as he takes a seat on the beanbag. "Plus, I don't want to be saving New York from T-rexes. I don't think my insurance covers dino bites."
"The Captain does have a certain pull with the Asset, but it isn't as strong as Stark's. And she's still alive because we need her alife." The Handler gave Rumlow a look as he turned to the television in the room. The Television was rarely off as the handler was always scanning the news. He was always looking for any hints of the Asset's work, not that he ever found anything. The Asset was taught not to be noticed, not to draw attention, and that was what he did. "Did you get the device?" he asked.
Bruce, sitting in front of the fire place, eyed the Captain as well. "Did something happen?" he asked, seeing a change in him.
"I'll make you cry," Natasha replied, giving Clint a look. Her legs were still draped across Bruce's lap, while she rested against the arm rest.
Fighting through the soreness of her body, she pulled herself into a sitting position and looked around. "What can I use escape this place?" On the dresser in a corner of the room, something caught her attention, but how could she get it? She was tied down.
"You seem to know him well," Peggy said, stepping into the room. Her heels tapped lightly with each step.
Toni was going to puke and it wasn't because she was sick. It was because of Agent Sassy Pants and the giant Shrimp and their sickeningly lovey-dovey looks that they were giving each other. It made her sick. Why did they have to look at each other like that? They weren't horny teenagers; they were in a fucken war. There was no time for that shit….
Her eye twitched at the nickname. God, she hated that nickname. How the hell was she a fire rocket? Why add the word fire? Yes, an explosion of sorts was needed, but if a rocket was on fire, that was a very bad thing. Maybe, that was what he was trying to say about her. Shaking her head, she kept walking as she really had no interest in talking to him; however, he didn't get the picture.
Toni sighed as that meant he still didn't tell Rogers that he was leaving yet. She didn't want to be involved in that conversation or be around when that happened. "Any idea of when he'll be back?" she asked. Maybe, if she timed it right, she could be gone when that happened.
"There's nowhere else I would rather be," he protested, strongly. He inched toward, not liking the distance between them. He had already spent weeks away from her, and he didn't want to waste another second apart of her. He hated those long weeks away from her, hated that she was left to her guilt alone.
Toni's eyes widened at the sound of Steve's voice and the sound of him getting his ass beat. It pissed her the hell off that someone was beating up Steve, the Shrimp. Why would someone beat him up? He was small and not a threat in anyway. Using her anger, she looked forward and pushed herself forward. Her heat beat rapidly.
Toni closed her eyes, no longer able to hear any more yelling; however, she knew it wasn't going to last once she entered the room. She wasn't sure what her reception will be, considering everything that had happened. One being: she had ejected Rhodes from the Suit. She was regretted it now. Her best friend, her oldest friend, could've been killed because she was being childish. She was being stupid and put him in danger for no reason. He could be injured, and it could be her fault. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. Why had she been so stupid?
A worried Steve looked up from his spot on the ground. "Toni, stop. I got this." He pushed himself up and wobbled as he tried to stand. "I don't need you to stand up for me."
She knew some of it had to do with Rogers as well. It was selfish to blame Rogers for it, but she did. He was part of the reason, because Howard couldn't get over his disappearance. If she had to judge by the endless rambling of her father, they had been close, which she was semi jealous of…Okay she was completely jealous of Rogers, because he had a relationship with her father that she wished she had. He had seen a side of her father that she never saw. She wished she had a close friendship with someone, which she didn't have. Sure, she was close to Pepper and Rhodey, but there were parts of her that she hadn't and wouldn't share with them. She was too ashamed to let them.
He had no idea why this city called for him as he had only been here when Hydra demanded it, but there something about this city. It was calling to him as some distant words echoed in his head.
"For not shutting down the possibility of having children. Sure in our line of work, it's risky and probably won't happen, but it's nice just to think about it. To know it is possible," he said softly, staring deeply into her eyes
?" He wasn't allowed to do this to her, not after everything that had happened. His expression softened, falling at the sight of her.
"…What?" he asked. His face was a bright red. "T-they wouldn't think that. Why w-would they think that?"
Before Pepper could reply, the door to the helipad burst opened, and a very angry Rhodes stomped in. Without him even speaking, Pepper knew the man was fuming, as his eyes were anything but friendly. The CEO wasn't sure why he was so angry, but the man looked like he had been through hell. Though he was covered in mud from head to toe, she could see that he was lined with scratches.
"You are in some serious trouble," Salty explained as he stared at her. There was a file in front of him and it contained everything about Toni, including the new charges against her.
Toni's eyes flew open, feeling Steve's ruff hands on her waist. Again, she eyed him as he gently lifted her up with one hand, while the other tugged at her running pants. Luckily, he didn't have to worry about any kind of buckle or zipper, as he pulled them down; however, the water was acting like a glue, making it difficult but not impossible. Steve's fingers gently grazed her lower hip/upper thigh, as he curled his fingers in the fabric. He held her up by her waist until he had pulled the pants past her butt before gently setting her down. The Captain shifted again as he glanced up at Toni, who was eyeing him intently. He wasn't sure if she knew how turned on he was, though he expected teasing if she did.
Toni found herself staring at a big white sign for a countless amount of time. She didn't know how long she was staring at the sign, but it felt like it was a while. She felt the passing of time as the sun changed location in the sky.
Clint's eyes snapped to Bruce, trying to read his face. "Really what? Come on! Someone has to tell me what happened?" he asked with a pouty face. "It's not fair you two have this silent communication going on! Nat!"
Though she hated to admit it, they were very much alike and he probably would've understood her the best if he hadn't died. He would've understood her need to be in the lab often as they shared a lot of the same characteristics. If her mother hadn't had died when Toni was so young, her father might've not retreated into the labs and might've been her best bud. He might've been that protective father that she saw on TV and was always jealous of.
Romanoff's expression changed as if same thing had just occurred to her. "I know who killed Fury." She left out a heavy sigh, as she turned from Steve. Her shoulders were heavy. "Most of the intelligence community doesn't believe he exists, the ones who do call him the Winter Soldier. He's credited with over two dozen assassinations in the last fifty years."
"You're stubborn." She glared at him. "Don't give me that look. You are. What's haunting you?" He reached his hand to her, but she swapped it away.
Toni reached down for the device and checked the downloading process. She had lied to Barnes (and even herself) before and said it was downloading faster than it was. It was taking longer than she expected which was a testament to the strength of the system. "Bitch," she cursed when she laid the device back and glanced at the monitors. There were a heavy armed team of Hydra soldiers heading right toward her, and she knew she would not be able to hold them off. This could be the end for her, but she refused to let that ruin the mission.
Sorry, no Toni in this chapter, but she'll be back in the next chapter, though she won't be a happy camper (not that she was to begin with).
Natasha and Clint were a few feet behind the Captain, letting him take the lead, and they allowed the distance to grow between them as he raced into the house. They were letting him be the first into the house, the first to reach her. Though no one had seen the brunette yet, everyone knew it had to be Steve to find her first, as he would be the only one who would be able to talk her down. She didn't listen well to others—not that he listened well to him.
Her eye started twitching as he winked at her. "You're ridiculous, you know that?" she snapped as she stood. "Why in hell would anyone want to be with you?" She unlocked the suitcase and slid her device out.
"When's the last time you had gotten a good night's sleep?" he asked, his eyes drilling into her. His eyes wandered up and down Toni's small form, eyeing the bags under her eyes.
Toni's eye twitched. Though she wasn't sure what Phillips told Peggy, she knew it wasn't much, that she was working on limited information. She had a reason to be harsh as Toni could be a spy for all she knew. "It was a misunderstanding," she replied. She needed to change the subject. "Can we get something to eat? I got to feed the beast."
Steve felt his eye twitch as even now she throwing shots at him; however, this was one of the reasons why she was Toni. One of the reasons why he loved her. "Hey, my lectures are well deserved."
There wasn't a lot of things that Steve hated, but he hated this. He absolutely hated this, and it took all he had not to follow Toni as she talked with Potts and Rhodes. He knew why Pepper wanted to speak to Toni alone, and though they weren't specifically trying to take Toni from
she thought strongly. That wasn't Sharon's style. For all their disagreements, there was one thing about Sharon that couldn't be denied. Like her Aunt, she was a good person… and a bad ass but that was a thought for another time.
Her flight impulses started to kick alive, and she fought against her bindings with a surge of mysterious energy. Her head bobbled as she struggled to keep it up. Leaning her back, she opened her eyes and tried to focus on her surroundings, but everything was in a daze. She couldn't make anything out, only seeing shadows. Trying to focus, she tossed her head around as if shaking her head would jolt it awake. For a while, Toni stared blankly at ceiling as she moaned lightly. Her body didn't want to move, but it had to. She had to get out of here; however, even with her fast beating heart, she couldn't muster anything.
The genius laid there for a second, just laid there in silence. She wasn't sure if the Good Captain was awake, but there was no breaking out of his arms, not that she wanted to. She was okay with laying in his arms, even if it eleven am…
Steve's arms tightened around her. "No, you aren't," he said as he placed a kiss to the top of her head. "Not even close." He rested his head on hers.
The interface started to flip and chip as it spun into action. The meters started to spike as the device drew in power from the Tesseract. The energy levels were rising off the charts, and the device was growing hotter with each passing second. As Toni stared at the gages, she thought the device was going to overheat and exploded. However, she knew that was what she wanted.
"I don't need you; I am not taking your offer. I got here on my own and I will get home on my own." That statement got her mind going. What the hell was he talking about?
"Not so fast, Buddy," Iron Man bellowed, landing hard in front of the man. The ground cracked under the weight of the suit. "Why don't you tell me who you are?"
She turned back to him. "I'm fine," she smiled. Taking a deep breath, she closed her eyes as she tried to remember where she saw that man from.
The letter and journal in her hand dropped to the ground as she scooted away from the Captain. Her breathing became heavy as she leaned over, her head almost touching the ground. It looked like she was in some physical pain. "Stupid," she uttered. "So stupid."
That wasn't what Steve wanted to hear, but he would be stupid to disagree. "What are you inferring?" he asked. "That's she knocks herself out with pills?" His voice was anything but kind.
She took her head, because she mustn't think of how good the jerk Shrimp looked in his uniform, though she wasn't sure why he didn't wear this thing more often. He looked hot.
Toni had been lucky lately, running into a few people who didn't pay much attention to her, but she didn't have much time. The medical staff and the military personnel would soon notice her disappearance or the screaming nurse, who would wake up soon. She needed to get out of this place before that, but it was like a maze. She had no idea of where the front door was, and there was a good shot that they would find her before she made it.
"Yup." She smiled. "But at least, I'm a basket of fun. Aren't you glad I'm coming with you?" She put on the biggest smile ever and she held it for a few seconds, even with the pain.
He let out a loud laugh. "Your father? Can't come up with a better cover? Yes, you look a lot like Stark. I give you credit, but he's a little too young to be your father, don't you think? You could've said sister. That would've been more believable." He stepped toward her. "If you aren't going to truthful, I can just take you to your cell." He grabbed her arm again.
"Then what's with the nerves?" he asked as he sit the pill bottle on the table. "I'm not here to interrogate you. I'm simply here to check up on you." He smiled as he opened the bottle and slid it to Toni. "It'll not hurt you."
"You would be amazed at what I understand," she explained as she picked up the ice bag and placed it against his eye. "I understand what it means to have everyone doubt you and to have the odds against you. My ego keeps me going, but I think you have something better, more important, keeping you going." She smiled at him. "And I don't think you should give up. I think you're made for something special." She could say that because she knew the truth; however, even if she didn't, she could see it in him. But should you be saying that to him? She asked herself.
Limping, she made her way through the base as she looked for her beloved father, who she had an urge to choke. Once they got back, Howard had taken the cores to study as he had no idea of how they worked. He wanted to test them before he let anyone else touch them, which annoyed her. She didn't have time to wait; she needed one of those core to use with her device, so she could get the hell home and not have to look at those two love birds.
. It didn't matter what it how big or small the issue was, as she would go over it five times in a matter of seconds. Then a few seconds later, she would go over it a few more times. And sometimes, she would do it a third time. In the end, she would confuse herself so much that she wouldn't know what was up or down anymore. "And what the hell is it supposed to mean? You said you can't trust me!" she snapped, her head spinning.
He was correct; she was in pain, but she wasn't going to take them. She had experience worse pain before and this time was nothing like that. She had experience waterboarding, which was something she didn't want to relive. However, her mind liked to drift to that feeling of drowning, to that feeling of no control. She shook her head. This pain was just annoying and she could deal with. "I'm good," she grumbled.
"Toni." Seeing his face and hearing his voice, she knew something was extremely wrong. It was like he was crying, but not crying at the same time. "You're awake." He looked defeated.
The Widow left out a harsh sigh as she turned to Steve. "I have a fluming Colonel Rhodes on the line. He wants to talk to you, Rogers, and something tells me this conversion won't be pretty."
"It's fine. I can handle myself." He picked up the bottle and poured himself another cup. "I think I know where Toni is."
"If she's telling the truth," she stated, unsure of the girl. "He did agree though that it would be risky."
And he learned this a hard way when he was punished at the base for hours; however, he wasn't forced into the chair…yet. His memories weren't stolen from him…yet, but he was still numbed. His mind was still spinning, and it took all he had to remain standing.
"I know! Why are people surprised at me for having children?" Gabe asked, chuckling. "I was a smart, good looking fella back in the day."
Snapping her out of her thoughts, Steve's cry got Toni's blood going, but with a hand on her wrist, she was stopped in her tracks. Even with her glaring at him, Clint wasn't letting her go, holding on to her. Working on instincts and anger, the genius swung, and much to both hers and Clint's surprise, she landed a punch to his cheek. In shock more than anything else, the archer let her go, and without wasting a second, Toni bolt into the apartment. There was no way in hell that she was going to let Romanoff hurt her Shrimp, even if he could protect himself, for misunderstand. "What the hell?" Toni yelled as she spotted the two.
"I do!" she stated as she turned to walk away. She could feel him right behind her with his eyes on her. It annoyed her that he could get in her good graces so easily, but it pissed her off that he was right and that would bug her to no end. She also didn't like the fact that he could read her so well, and she hated that she needed him. No matter how many times she told herself that she didn't need him or his protection, it didn't change the fact that she did.
"Toni," Barnes called. He had been trying to talk her into staying close to the camp, which was in eyesight. "Slow down."
"How many times do you have to tell I don't need your apology?" she asked. Her hand was holding the handle of the wrench tightly.
"Shit," she uttered, knowing that frisky grin from anywhere. Steve had a playful side—a very playful side, and she seemed to have found this morning. Seeing him making his way toward her, Toni waved at him before taking off in the other direction. In a game of cat and mouse—a game that Toni had no way of winning-, Steve chased her. In his tiny apartment, there wasn't many places that she could hide or go, but that didn't mean she didn't try. With no grace, she climbed over the sofa. "Shit," she cursed, almost landing face first, as she tripped over her own feet.
He glanced at her as he pushed himself to his feet. He was scrapped up, and it was clear that he hurt his back when he landed. "It seems you were right. I did land on my ass." He let out another laugh. "And it seems like you do care about me!" He was beaming.
Even with her heavy military coat, Toni was freezing, but she felt alive as if it was the only thing keeping her in the real world. Her eyes were focused on the closed gray box that fit perfectly in her hands; the box seemed to mock her.
"Want your bed back?" Bucky chuckled. During one of those checkups in the middle of the night, he had seen how uncomfortable his best friend was on the couch. At one point, Steve had taken to the floor, and Bucky didn't blame him. He had napped on that couch one time and he would never do it again.
He looked at her and laughed before he became deadly silent. "Though, they might not respect a woman Corporal," he stated very seriously. "There aren't women Corporals."
Barnes was smirking at her. Smirking at her! She was a Stark. How dare he smirk at a Stark like that? "Large ego, I see."
"Is there something wrong, Agent?" Toni asked as she raised her non-broken arm. Peggy had her pistol trained on her, and that was unsettling. Peggy was one of few people she could speak to growing up. "Is this about the alarm?" She had asked with the sweetest voice she could muster.
He didn't want to bother Toni with his issues, afraid that it would be too much for her. He didn't want her to know the guilt that he was feeling, the shame and mistrust he felt. "I know, Toni."
Natasha and his friendship—though Steve wondered at times—was better now than it had been in the past. It was hard to build a relationship, when you didn't even know if Natasha Romanoff was her real name. How could you trust someone like that? Steve didn't think he could ever, but it didn't take long for that be untrue. Some of that Steve blamed on Toni, who cut the awkwardness with that tongue of hers. It was easy to build a connection with laugher and games. Toni took the bull by the horns and pushed until it could not be denied, which opened the door for Steve to see the true Natasha shining through.
Peggy, in her skirt and heels, stepped toward Toni and the private; she stood almost in between them. "What were you going to teach her?" She asked. Her tone was very demanding. "I'm waiting, Private."
Toni's heart started to race. "I think I know my last name," she replied, trying to hide her tremor.
"Now, Rogers, I thought you were getting me ready for bed? Why am I still in wet clothes?" she asked, giving him a long smirk.
Toni felt her eye twitch. "And are you going to send me there, Rogers?" she asked, still playing the game. A game she would win. "And leave yourself alone? Maybe, I'll have some fun in the brig, while you're all
Having no expense spared, two large, round top slate slabs with a slight yellowing to them stuck up from the grassy field, and each had a delicate design carved into them, which looked like it had taken years to write. In a different size, dates and names were inscribed in them with a fancy scripted, and perfectly groomed assortments of brightly colored flowers were planted around the slabs.
Out of the three items, there was only one that he cared about. Only one grabbed his attention and flipped some switch in his head. Allowing the other items to fall to the ground, he stared at the remaining image. He recognized the younger vision of the man he had killed in the photo, but it was the woman next to him that caught his attentiin. He froze when he noticed her. There was an undeniable pull to her, and the urge to hunt her down was great, overwhelming. He had no idea of who she was or even if she was still alive, but there was something at the back of his head, telling him that he
"Does it matter?" He inquired, as his smile turned into a smirk. "Captain America gets what he wants, and he wants you. He wants to be there through it all. Good and the bad."
She looked him over and he looked just as tired as she felt. "I'm fine," she said. "Besides, I think we have other things to do than talk about our feelings." There was some bitterness in her tone that she couldn't hold back. She didn't understand his need to talk about her emotions, which she didn't want to acknowledge.
"Oh, shut up," she replied, as she used him for support. She was exhausted, and though she was standing a few minutes ago, she was unsure if she could now. "I'm not cranky or negative when I am sleepy. I am always cranky!"
It was difficult to watch as Maya left a blood trail behind her, but Toni couldn't look away. "Stop," she begged, unsure of what to say. What did she tell the woman that screwed with her head so many years ago and was now dying in front of her? Maya may have put a dent in Stark, but she wasn't supposed to die like this, not in front of her. This was going to be another dent in Toni's armor, and she couldn't handle that. Again, she brought on someone's death, as she refused to act, refused to listen. Sure, helping a madman take over the world wasn't smart, but was it right to sentence Maya to death? Did she not care that Maya would die for refusal?
She couldn't believe her eyes as she looked him over. He looked exactly like the last time she had seen him: tired and worn down. Toni couldn't help but stare at him, feeling like someone was ripping her apart from the inside. Though his hair was stark white, he didn't look a day older, even though 20 years has passed. Doubts popped up. God, why did she push him away? Why didn't she let him reconnect with her? She knew he was tired, but she was putting up walls. He tried weeks leading up to his death and she pushed him every time. "How?" she asked, her voice shaky. "You're dead."
It was clear that the group had a good working relationship, even if Cap didn't like the banter. It kind of made Toni jealous to how smoothly Rogers worked with others, which if he had to glare at them with his captain stare to make they do so. Right now, for example, she was torn between hugging Steve and punching him, just because of the person he was. "No wonder he can't get laid."
The genus tried to move, but she get anywhere. Either her body wasn't responding, or it was responding and she wasn't going anything anywhere, which was just as scary. "Help," she screamed, trying to move in the darkness. "HELLO!" she screamed, unable to make out her hands in front of her. "Is there anyone there?" she asked yelling, her voice shaking.
When Toni came to, she knew she was in the hospital and not her tower by the smell and feel of the bed. One reason why she hated hospitals was the beds, which were uncomfortable, smelly, and cheap. Sure, she knew it was a waste of valuable funds, but still. They could at least try, right?
The door to the room opened to reveal a tired Bruce, who had a weird expression on his face. "Banner," Steve greeted. "Find something?"
Steve's smile turned into a smirk as he reached over to Toni, cupping her soft face in his rough hand. "Oh, you think of me of an old man, really?" he asked, holding her in place as he covered her lips with his. It was a simple kiss, but Toni just melted into him. His hand dropped to her neck, gently pulling her closer.
Forcing out the angry voice of Barnes, she shook her head violently, as she harshly kicked Roger's door. Not feeling better, she kicked it again. She thought about knocking on his door, but she doubted that the man would be home, not with his work ethic. People thought she locked herself in her lab too much, working herself into exhaustion, but Steve had her beat… although, he was a super soldier. But that was beside the point. He worked himself harder than she did. This was why he was in the DC all the time, but Toni couldn't be angry at a man who was trying to save the hero, could she? Would that make her a horrible person? Wasn't that why she was mad at Pepper?
crappy-okay, not completely crappy. Still, it wasn't the four stars of apartments. Though, she had to ask herself if she was being objective. Sure, it wasn't the most expensive, but it was decent, which was what Steve was going for. He was paying for it. Toni had offered to pay for a nicer one, using the excuse that she would visit more, but Steve flat out refused. Being the man that he was, he wanted to pay for everything himself, which was one thing Toni loved about him. Though, even if he did have a better apartment, it was
There was no doubt the pain medication had worn off as Toni was in some serious pain, but she got to thinking. Would it be a good idea to take meds from these people, who thought she was a spy? They could make her loopy and there was no telling what they could get out of her if that happened. "No, I'm good," she stated, eyeing him. "I won't tell you anything."
His name sounded familiar to her, but she couldn't place it. "I don't need a baby sitter," she stated as the pain was getting to her.
. She was far from perfect, but she cared while Maya felt nothing. "I'm telling you it isn't!" Toni snapped, struggling against the restraints "I'm on the street. I'm seeing it; people are going 'bang' and painting the walls. Maya, you're kidding yourself, like always."
After she made sure that the door was secure behind her, she pulled out a small handheld device that Howard had given her. The device had an awkward shape to it, and it barely fit in her small hands, but it was a very useful device. When turned on, the device could map out a building using a special sensor which acted like sonar. "I got it," she stated. The base's layout appeared on the screen. "We just need to go down this hall, turn right, then left and after a few feet, turn left again." She left out a light chuckle. "Once we make it through that, there's just one more door that we have to get pass then we're golden."
Jim was doing the best Friend title proud as he was giving the genius the once over…many times over. "Listen, War Machine was a little too aggressive, alright? This sends a better message," he said, slowly. There was a hint of annoyance in his voice as he eyed her. "Where's Rogers?" he asked, staring at her. His tone was surprising flat.
It took only a few seconds for JARVIS to answer. "You and Captain Rogers are trending. One million hits and counting."
"Fonduing? Is that what the kids are calling it?" Clint grinned. "Fonduing? Natasha, want to fondue?"
The door to the room opened again revealing the Famous Dr. Erskine, who wearing a white lab coat and glasses. In his hand, he had a clipboard with a collection of papers on it. She couldn't read anything from her location, but she knew it had to be about her. Who else could it be on? "Hello, Doctor," Toni smiled as he sat down across from her. He looked just like she remembered from the photos she had seen in her father's office.
"Well, if the shoes fits," Toni shrugged as she eyed him. The Private looked like he was going to collapse from his injuries. "But are you okay? Do you need me to take you to the medical tent," she asked, switching her tones.
An idea popped in his head. "Do you think…" He trailed off as he thought about the power she would need. There would only be one thing in the past that could have the juice needed.
Toni wouldn't admit that she enjoyed this, because she wasn't supposed to. She shouldn't be enjoying this. "You're-"
"That's impossible, SHIELD would have stopped you," Natasha uttered, her voice hard. Denial heavy in her expression.
Taking out the phone-turned scanner, she flipped through different security feeds, trying to figure out the best way to go.
It took Steve a few seconds to respond. "Yes, we will." He smiled slightly as he recalled how stubborn she was. She would be back even if it killed her…he hoped to God it didn't.
he thought. He closed his eyes, thinking about all of the pain that he had put her through, and he couldn't do that to her. Maybe, once he got head screwed on right, he might go see her. Right now, he wasn't stable.
There was no window besides the police style window, which made it hard to tell how much time had passed. There was a chair in the corner of the room, and it didn't appear to be bolted like hers, which wasn't fair. Why does the interviewer get the free chair? "Hello," she yelled, getting annoyed at the silence. She had enough of it; she wanted to talk to someone and make them cry, which was her specialty. She was known for getting under people's skin; just ask her team. She had gotten into fights with the other Avengers over her mouth. "Did you forget about me?"
Steve let out an angry huff as he was tired of her making fun of his outfit, even if this technically was the first time for her. However, her jokes and insults were wearing thin his patience. He wasn't sure what was worse her immaturity or her lack of caring for others.
Jones and Dugan's faces fell as they glanced toward each other, giving the other a look. With a deep breath, Dugan turned toward Toni, his hand inching closer to her. He paused a few inches from her knee, as he closed his eyes. He took a deep breath before he opened his eyes again. "Toni," Dugan said, carefully.
He had to write them, but what would he do about Corporal Toni Sark, or rather Toni Stark? She was gone like the rest, except she was different than the others. One, she wasn't supposed to be here. She was a civilian in every sense. Two, she was from the future, and three, should he tell her father? How could he tell her father? He couldn't go up to Howard Stark and tell him: "Hey, your daughter from the future is dead." But he deserved to know, right? His daughter was dead. How did he start that conversation?
It irritated her that everyone thought Rogers was the one that needed to be protected. What was she? Chop liver? It annoyed her so badly, but she needed to let it go. This wasn't her time and she didn't belong here.
Steve disliked that she knew him so well after a short amount of time, and when did he space out so much that it became expected of him? "It's nothing."
The AI responded seconds later. "Scan complete, Miss. Besides a common brown mouse and five chipmunks, I detect no other life signs."
Howard's arms dropped to his side as Toni pushed herself up. He eyed her red face and nodded. "Yes, let's get started," he said as he got to his feet.
Being annoying as ever, he pretended that she shot him in the heart. "You hurt me, Stark." He smiled at her. "I thought we could be friends." Her eye twitched. "But Thor can't give me what I want," he revealed.
However, Steve kept up with her easily. "Toni," he called as he stared at her face. Her facial bruise was healing, turning into a brownish color. "You know you can talk to me, right?" He let out a sigh when she didn't respond. "Remember, those nights in the apartment, when we did talked?"
Rogers had never asked her to call him Steve, and she didn't know if she would be comfortable enough to call him that if he asked. Besides, they mostly just called each other by their last name and she was good with that as they weren't really friends. "Thanks, Steve."
Phillips put down the photo. "I have no doubt you could talk circles around most man and could outsmart almost anyone, but there are few areas that you cannot beat a man in." He leaned back and studied her.
were gone and she was just left with replicas of their tags. What right did she have to these? Did the Colonel expect her to keep them and wear them?
Okay, maybe that isn't completely true. He does like to be touched by the both of them, likes to be touched a
"Cursing like a man. Walking like a man." He paused as he glanced her over from head to toe. "Wearing pants like a man. You must want it like we men do." He took another step toward her.
Captain America was holding back none of his punches and was hitting each bag with all of his might. He was on the sixth bag so far in less than four hours, but he didn't care as all he could feel at the moment was anger. He was angry that there was still no word on Toni, and with each passing second, he wondered if they would ever find her. Since he went down before Toni made it back to her time, he had no idea if she got back; she could've been stuck in that time, aging while he laid frozen. She could be dead, killed by old age, while he was here waiting for her. In a poetic nightmare, he might never see her again, and he hated himself for it because it was his fault. He pushed her on that day, trying to get Toni to talk about her father. Why couldn't he just have seen that he had been pushing her away?
"Do you hear that, Steve? Maria thinks we're too old. Where did Howard find her? Maybe, we can ask him. He would surely get a kick out of it."
Toni didn't want to trust SHIELD; trust was for the birds. "Well, they're spies. Can we really trust spies?" she asked with a smirk. "That is their job."
"I expect everything," Toni replied. "Genius you know." She sat up, allowing the blanket to fall from her. "And grab me some pants or something." She had nothing under these shorts, thanks to a certain Super Soldier who just put shorts on her. It was weird, and she would use this as a remainder to never let Steve dress her again...Wait, maybe she should.
"I was mistaken about you at first," he replied with a sexy smile and wink. "But you can tell me if someone's bugging you."
I would like to mention that my issue is that I get so many ideas and it is hard to focus. In fact, I had three other stories in my head when I wrote this, fighting to get out. I would mention that I enjoyed writing this chapter. I just had other stories fighting to get it out. So to get it out of my head, I wrote one them. It is still in draft stages, but man, it was freeing. It is called Catfish, so I think that alone can tell you what it is about. It is a gender Bender. Female Toni. Falling for someone you met on the internet.
That was fine with her, because she didn't want to be here any longer than she needed to be. "K," she replied as she crossed to the coat hanger for Rogers' coat. She had promised herself that she would buy herself a coat as soon as she got enough money, because she didn't want to keep borrowing Rogers' coat. Maybe, she could do that now, because she didn't want to keep relying on him. After putting on his coat, she reached down for her bag, which held a few tools that Nick had let her take. He had asked why she needed them, but she told him it was for a project. "I'll be back tomorrow."
They were all talking at the same time, and it was all too much for Toni. She couldn't handle all of their concerned looks and she couldn't think. "Stop worrying!" She yelled, jumping to her feet. "Why don't you two get a room?" She pointed toward Rogers and Peggy. She turned to Barnes. "And why don't you just go find some hot dame to bang?" she stated. She glanced at them all before pushing pass them. "Just leave me alone."
Howard took a deep breath. "That isn't it." He paused. "You're already hurt, and adding that core to your device won't be as simple as you think."
She could hear Steve yelling at her, begging her to stop running, but she couldn't stop. She couldn't, not with everything that had happened. It was killing her to face him, while she tried to hold everything in. Why was it so easy for him to break through her shields? She had worked years to build them, and with one look, he could bring them all down. For that, she hated him. How could he do this to her? How could he love her? She couldn't understand how that was possible.
"Are you sure, J?" she asked, her hand still quivering. The coffee cup had fallen from her hand and shattered against the cold hard wood floor when it hit the ground. She made no move to clean it up, not that she even knowledge that it fell.
Toni glared at Barton as she noticed another box in Natasha's hands. Narrowing her eyes, she stepped away from Steve. "What's in the box, Tashie?" she asked, pointing at the box. "I don't like surprises unless I do them."
She was pathetic, wasn't she? She was mourning two relationships that she didn't want in the first place, that were destroyed because of her. What right did she had to mourn? She had no right at all and she knew it, but yet, here she was, mourning.
With a grin, Steve didn't stop and continued his 'assault' on her neck, as his hand snaked under her the thin shirt.
"We have another lead on the items stolen from Black Hawk, and we have to move on it fast," Barton said. His eyed flicked to Natasha. "Fury believes it might throw them off if they see the Iron Man suit."
"I'm here, because that's the only way Salty would let me go," she explained. She couldn't tell him the full truth, but she hoped that would work. "I disliked that I left you like that. I'm truly sorry." She gave him the biggest puppy dog eyes that she could muster.
"They would be stupid if they did, though I wouldn't put it pass Hydra solders," she muttered as she looked away with her arms folded across her chest. Why was she here? Maybe, she should work on her damn device, though it would be useless without a Hydra core, which her father won't let her near it.
"Since the two of you know everything, why don't you tell me?! Tell me where I'm going wrong," he yells, hobbling away from them and toward the door. They make no attempt to stop him, even when he limps pass them. They don't try to stop him when he almost traps over his foot, over the heavy boot. They just watch him with wide eyes. "Tell me what I'm screwing up, because I'm so fucken stupid."
Shaking her head, she glanced toward the door, but she could barely focus. Her head was still spinning. As she closed her eyes, the door to the room opened and two people walked in. She waited until they entered and the door closed before she opened her eyes. Johann Schmidt didn't take any introducing to know who he was, though it took her a few seconds to realize who the small man. It was Dr. Arnim Zola, the master mind behind the hydra weapons.
Toni turned to leave, but she didn't make it one foot as she was slammed against the brick wall. The Stalker (she doubted it was anyone else) hadn't been gentle when he pinned her to the wall. Her head hit the wall hard, and it left her dazed for a seconds. She knew it would leave a mark, but that wasn't the only mark she would have. Her good arm was smashed into dumpster, while Rogers' jacket ripped catching on some metal piece sticking out. It wasn't long enough to cut her, but she felt it drag against her skin, scratching her. Her broken arm was pinned against her body in an uncomfortable position.
The Genus felt safe in this man's arms, who she knew belonged to her soldier. "S-Steve," she called out, surprised at his presence. When did he get here? Why didn't JARVIS alert her when he was a minute out? Or maybe, he did and she didn't realize it?
For a few seconds, Steve was silent as he gawked. "What?" His response only made Bruce and Natasha laugh harder.
She didn't have time to catch her breath as he pulled her back to her feet. "Look at my power," he ordered as he made her look at the glowing weapons that Zola had designed. As his hydra soldiers were creating even more weapons, she wondered how anyone could last against him. How did Rogers beat this man again? "Are you doubting your choice?"
Toni never really had a girls' night as her father had never seen the need for a child genius to have a girls' night. "Is this where we giggle and talk about our nails?" she asked as she pushed out of Peggy's arm.
Natasha gave him a hard glance. "You know why you couldn't. You may be a super soldier, but we were outnumbered. We couldn't risk this flash drive falling into his hand, and you know as well as I do that Rumlow won't give up anything to you." She took a deep breath. "I know this is hard, but Stark's a big girl. Even armed with only a wretch, she can take care of herself, and Clint will find her in no time."
Steve didn't need the AI to answer that to know that she wasn't. Both JARVIS and Rhodes' actions were telling enough. JARVIS wouldn't do this unless something horrible had happened to Toni, and he knew something did as he had a yelling Rhodes in his ear. "Okay, JARVIS," he said, "Take me to Toni."
Tony leans against Jim, as Natasha settles against the genius, interlocking her hand in his. "In case, you didn't hear the news, we aren't together anymore." He takes a deep breath as if to put on a mask. "Damn the media! They're slacking. Sleeping instead of working! They have one job. One job," he says, trying to ignore the ping in his chest. He also tries to ignore Wanda, who's staring at him with a knowing look.
And even though I have no idea why Iron Man 3 was set during Christmas, it gives me a reason to add some Christmas to this story. Oh, a Stony Christmas. How fun...
Pain was coursing through her, sending tremors down her body. Toni just wanted- no, needed it all to stop somehow so she could rest; however, she did
The Doctor stepped away from the table. "I wanted to take another look at the chest piece's blue prints before speaking with you." After studying and scanning the rector, Stark, with the help of Erskine, had drawn out a basic design. They would not know what it did until they took a real look at it. "As I now know its prime function, I can better understand it," he stated.
"I think Hulk would like to give him one too," the fellow Scientist said. "The Other Guy is very fond of you."
Then there was Phillips. She wasn't sure what he thought about her, but it was exhausting trying to read him; however, she knew one thing: he was strict. She couldn't do anything without asking, and if she tried anything, he knew. She wondered if he was psychic or something. He had found out about her walks in the woods, which he wasn't very happy about it to say the least. She thought she would've gone deaf after that lecture, which Future Rogers could've been proud of, and on top of that, Salty wouldn't let her go anywhere alone. After a few days, he let up and allowed her some freedoms back, but he kept her on a short leash.
It was a very cold day and Toni was learning this the hard way. Yes, when Agent Carter escorted her out, she knew it was cold, but she didn't expect it would be this cold. She could see her breath. She wished she had a coat, because this sweater wasn't keeping her warm at all. Though she knew, she should be grateful that they let her keep it as she did steal it from a nurse. It did provide her some protection that her regular clothes would not have given at all. Her simple black shirt wouldn't do anything but draw attention.
"No," she answered. Seeing his face, Toni added, "I did try to break into Stark Industries." She hadn't moved from the door.
Laughing, she asked, "Is it working?" She pushed off slightly, unable to push away completely as he had wrapped his arms around her.
The nurse tried to yell out for help, but Toni couldn't allow her to do that. She knocked her out using cast. "Urgh," she shrieked in pain. She stood up and glanced outside to see if anyone was coming. When she saw no one was coming, she closed the door and turned her attention back to the nurse. She started to undress the nurse. "Now, listen. I'm not going to mess with you. I just need the uniform so I can sneak out of here."
Her touch lingered on Bruce's arm for a few seconds, which was too long for Steve's liking. "Is that what just happened?" he muttered, bitterly as he forced himself to look away. Why did she have the need to touch everyone? He could never understand; however, they had other things to worry about instead of his jealousy. But he couldn't get those two out of his mind as he couldn't stop thinking about what Banner had that he didn't.
"Of course, that would be something you would complain about at this very moment," he said, as he pulled the quivering genius into his arms.
"Dr. Erskine," Colonel Phillips spoke as he walked into the room. "I was looking for you." Peggy moved in quietly behind him, almost unnoticed. "I wanted to speak with you about your conversion with Ms….Toni," he said, annoyed he didn't have a last name to refer to her as.
"So what movie do you want to watch, Toni?" Bruce asked, sitting in one of the love seats in the home theater. It was a large love seat that could comfortably fit three if needed.
Natasha's eyebrow rose as she eyed the still Captain. "How long do you think it'll be before he storms the castle for Stark?" she asked.
"That's in the past," Tony says, bitterly. "Why are you bringing it up?" He doesn't want to think about it, and he doesn't want to think about how close the two are.
"You say this now, but this won't be like anything you're used to," he stated as he stepped to a desk in the corner of the room. He opened a drawer and pulled something out. Toni eyed him curiously, but she did not say anything. "Here are some uniforms for you." He set them down in front of her.
Steve had no idea of what was going on or where the hell he was. First, he woke up in a fake room which couldn't hold a regular officer, let alone a super soldier. Second, the building that he was held in didn't look like any kind of building that he had ever seen. It was all futuristic. Thirdly, when he walked out of building and onto the streets, he had no idea of where he was. Sure, he recognized streets signs and he knew he was in New York, but this didn't look like the city he had grown up in. There were so many flashing lights and movie screens displaying ads at a rapid pace, which he didn't even think was possible. How was that possible?
Steve knew Toni would, though she would probably pretend to be hurt and make a fuss out of the kiss. On the other hand, he didn't like it. No, it didn't feel anything like how it felt when he kissed Toni. With Toni, his heart was dancing. With Natasha, it was just wet; yet, it was still a kiss. "It's cheating." Not really, but it felt like it.
Sending the bag flying off the hook, he watched it soar before turning and grabbing another bag. He hanged it on the hook and continued to take his anger out. Between each punch, his mind wandered to Romanoff and the others, wondering if they had found something. If they did, would they even tell him?
With a deep breath, Toni leaned back in the chair to stare up at the ceiling. Not finding the will or the energy to work, Toni pushed away from her desk and tossed a stress ball up into the air. She knew she was catching a few stares as the ball flew high in the air, almost hitting the ceiling, but no one said anything to her, probably out of fear—it
After changing shoes and put the nursing shoes back into the bag (she might need them for later), she crossed to the door. "Bye, Steve," she whispered as she opened the door. Even now, saying his first name was weird, and she would probably never say it again.
Barnes crossed to her, stepping into her personal space. He seemed to like doing that. "Tell me what's going on," he stated. "Why are you jumpy?"
Natasha's eye twitches. "Idiot." Her tone changes slightly, more playful. "Play dumb, Stark, but I'm referring to Barnes' comment about him wanting Rogers to play nurse instead of you."
Sure, he was the Super Soldier, but that didn't mean he couldn't get hurt or worse, and she couldn't bear it if something happened to him. She already lost Bucky, and she couldn't lose anyone else. "We can handle this on our own."
"Toni!" The man's voice was louder, and there was a hint of concern in his voice, though there was something else in his voice as well, and it was that that startled Toni awake.
"No, you're quite correct," he said, stepping to the glass table in the middle of the office. "Aldrich Killian, by the way."
Bruce took a long breath. "I'm working on it. Harder than I thought it would be and I knew it would be hard." He showed his annoyance with a harsh exhale. "Toni couldn't have made this harder if she tried. She loves to make me sweat," he stated with a small smile.
However, logical doesn't help. The space makes it worse, and Tony loses himself more. He thought distracting himself would help, but neither the woman nor the man that he brought to his bed helped. They made it worst, and he feels less like himself. He doesn't know who he is anymore, but he knows this hiding isn't helping. Maybe, he should tell the Soldiers and see how they react. Once he gets the rejection, he might be able to finally move on, but he's scared. Scared of what would happen after they reject him. Rogers had already rejected him once, and they almost killed each other. Maybe, a second reject will end him.
Barnes took a deep breath. "I get it," he stated as he put his hands up in surrender. He turned away from her and walked away. "I am sorry," he stated a few feet away from her.
Sam looked just as alarmed as Natasha did at the sight of a raging Rogers, but he was just as angry. This man worked with vets all the time, helping them with PTSD along other things. "I get it. As someone who wrong with vets, this pisses me off too, but we have to keep our heads."
Toni glanced up at the smile on Peggy's face, which was nice to see. She hadn't seen the Agent smile, since Rogers went down…
With the room spinning, it felt like Toni's heart was being cruelly ripped from her chest as she looked upon this man, who couldn't be standing in front of her. This
Toni glanced around the room, and she sweated a bit, because Schmidt's forces were impressive. If she didn't know the future, she would be nerviness, but knowing he would fail kept her strong. "Go fuck yourself," she hissed at him. She wasn't going to give in. She promised herself that.
"She didn't tell you?" Toni asked shocked. She wasn't expecting that. If she told Barnes, why wouldn't she tell Steve? She was really playing cupid, which Toni told her not to do.
Howard smiled as he pulled her into his arms. "I got you, Baby girl. I got you." He rubbed circles into her back. They remained like that for a few long minutes. He whispered sweet words into her ears, as she buried herself into his chest. "You'll never to fear losing me again. I am right here."
"Really?" he asked as he took the gun out of his pocket and waved it in front of her. "How did I take this from you so easily?" He let out a chuckle. Was this a game to him?
Toni glared at him, knowing that she wouldn't be able to last another round of torture. "It's not going to change anything. I will never help you, Skully," she said.
Shoving her comeback down her throat, Toni gave the man a once over before crossing to the window. The curtains were drawn, and though she knew Fury probably preferred the dark—playing whatever game he was playing-, she reached for the heavy curtains and pulled them open slightly. From the corner of her eyes, she could see the man's eyes on her. She could feel the silent order in his eyes, but she didn't let that stop her. What was he running from that got him so nervous? Whatever it was, it couldn't be good. He was the Director of SHIELD, nothing should scare him.
"If your goal is just to annoy me, it's working," Toni replied, watching him. Even with her genius mind, she couldn't figure out his game plan. Yes, she knew he wanted out of his cell and he wanted the throne, but what did any of that had to do with her? Did he think he could use her to get Earth?
At the same time, Barton shook his head. "Not the time, Stark. Not the time." He was calmed, but there was an edge to his tone. He reached behind his back for another arrow, drawing quickly. He didn't look away from his target, his eyes glued on him.
He learned forward and pulled out a clear bag and a yellow envelope. In the clear bag was her cell phone, and in the other were photos of her stupid device. "These are the only things were found on you, and they aren't like anything we seen before."
Killian didn't respond right away as he brought his hand forward, aiming like a gun gun. "It doesn't matter if you do," he replied as he fired his arm… yes, his arm.
Schmidt responded with a fist to Steve's face, and Toni could only watch in horror as he repeatedly hit Steve. Being restraint and held back, Steve would do nothing to defend himself, and it sicken Toni as she had never seen him beaten like that. Steve was almost God like to her both in his strength and soul, and even with her never ending insults, she knew she could never break him. However, seeing Schmidt beat him was breaking her soul, and she wondered how much he could take or how much she could take. He could probably take more than anyone else, but she couldn't stand to see this. And she hated to admit this to herself, she might give into Skully to make him stop.
Rhodes placed a firm hand on her shoulder, drawing her attention. "Tones, let's talk for a second," he said, leading her in the same direction of Pepper.
The first thing Toni became aware of was the splitting headache. The second thing she became aware of the extreme pain in her neck. It was almost too painful to open her eyes, but she didn't keep them shut in fear of being attacked. She had no idea of where she was, and the last thing she remembered was that the bitch commander and her bastard stalker knocking her out, but wherever they took her, it wouldn't be good. It was anything like the last time, it would only mean torture, which would end in death.
"That isn't what I mean," she interjected quickly. Her small frame wouldn't stop him as he could pick her up and move her with ease.
The Captain released her arm but he didn't move back from her. "I want to talk about what happen between us. It-"
Acting like an adult, she walked out of Barnes' bedroom and into the kitchen. Rogers, who was sitting at the table, looked up then looked back down quickly. He hadn't made eye contact for more than two second, which bothered her. He sat very still and positioned a newspaper in front of his face so she couldn't see his face. "Rogers, we need to get over this," she stated, deciding she would rather make up with him than suffer this awkwardness anymore.
They were so close to death that it freaked Toni out. "JARVIS, is there anyone else in the tower?" she asked, trying to get her mind on something else.
A part of her didn't want him to change. She wanted him to stay the same tiny Steve, but it wasn't her choice. What she wanted didn't matter. The world needed the Asshole, and no matter how attached (a fact that she hated and would deny) she was to the Shrimp, Toni Stark did not need him. She liked him but she did
Trying but failing, Steve tried to keep the blush forming on his cheeks. The topic of sex could always get him red in the cheeks, and no matter how often everyone brought it up and how many time he hear it, he would always get red. It didn't matter how freely it was brought up and talked about, Steve could never get used to it. In the 1940's, sex wasn't talked about (especially in front of the opposite sex), and if it was, it was talked about privately, not in the open.
Toni froze at the door as she heard her name. She knew who it was by the tone of his voice: Captain America. He was back early from his mission with Romanoff and Barton; they weren't expected back for at least a few more hours. She wished he had returned when he was supposed to, so she could've sneaked into the kitchen. She hated dealing with him and his insults. Sure since saving the world together, they had an understanding with each other and they did get along, but after a while, she couldn't deal with his high and mighty attitude. It was stupid, but she had started to pick fights with him, when she should've just let things go.
