“John.”
“I’m, erm. Sorry. About the bullet hole.”
They fell back into their natural rhythm with each other, and eventually settled into a closeness neither had ever experienced before, an intimacy born from complimentary souls living and nearly dying together by turns. They did not speak of the incident again; Holmes planned to never
“What?”
Holmes plunked a single chaste kiss in the center of Watson's forehead, studied the doctor's stunned face for a moment and then gave a decisive nod. He rolled back over and dragged Watson around himself again.
Watson’s fingertips on his cheek surprised Holmes into looking at the doctor, who held up fingers that glistened in the firelight.
And worst of all, Watson wanted more. He had spent a lifetime carefully maintaining the clear line between the good and the bad, the transcendental and the morally corrupt in his own soul, but those barriers had shattered. The tilt of Holmes's chin when he played the violin made Watson want to kiss the soft skin behind the detective's ear. Nightmares in which Holmes took a part in his humiliation alternated with waking fantasies of the detective holding him tenderly, whispering his name in a voice heavy with want.
Holmes felt a pang of loss. His new fellow-lodger, possible friend, would not forgive him for this.
“We went to the same boarding school as boys,” he began, “For a time anyway. We had known each for most of our lives. He was an exceptionally kind boy; with the sweetest nature I have ever encountered.” The affection was clear in his voice.
Holmes wondered if this was love; this crippling pain twisting his stomach and stealing his breath. He forced himself not to look away.
“Is Doctor Watson well?”
“Details, yes,” Holmes said. “There are none I’d rather catalog than yours.” He kissed the pulse throbbing in Watson's throat, ran a hand down his chest and recorded the way the doctor arched into it.
“Just…don’t let me go, Holmes.” Watson’s eyes slid shut. He was shivering so hard Holmes could hear his teeth rattle. “Don’t let me go.”
Stepping back from Watson was like leaping from height in the dark.
“It hardly felt ‘well enough’ to me.”
Holmes blinked. “I would see the animal who hurt him dead, though I don’t intend for it to be nearly so quick as a hanging.”
“There is something I must know.”
They pounded through the streets, flying like the hounds of hell were on their heels.
“I had hoped that perhaps your affection for John would stay your hand.”
“If Doctor Watson has managed to keep some part of himself secret from you for this long, he must have invested a considerable amount of energy in the effort.”
Holmes slowed; they only needed enough time to change their appearance. He kept up the light banter with Watson as he surveyed their environs for a likely place to abscond themselves. This back and forth between them was another point in the doctor’s favor. He passed the conversational baton with the ease of a natural player in Holmes’s favorite sport, discourse.
“No,” Holmes denied the coming truth.
“This tea tray needs to be cleared, and where is Doctor Watson’s breakfast?”
“Of course, of course. You are perfectly…perfect as you are.”
Doctor Jones, a man Watson had occasionally employed to stitch wounds he could not reach on himself, arrived to find Holmes frozen, rooted in the center of the room, unable to look away from the slight movement of Watson’s side as he breathed.
With shaking fingers, Watson brushed Holmes's unruly hair back from the his face. He let his arm come up to loosely loop around the detective's waist.
“I understand why you don’t want…” he could force nothing more past the lump in his throat.
“Don’t worry, old chap, a few moments of close quarters, close enough to offend these ruffians’ delicate sensibilities, and they’ll be gone.”
“You seem fine,” Holmes said, hating the surprise in his voice.
Watson swallowed hard, tasting blood. He ignored the stream of insults Holmes dropped as he followed the detective home. Most didn’t make any sense, garbled by Holmes’s probable concussion. And the rest, well. Holmes wasn’t telling him anything he didn’t already know. Better this fragile friendship budding between them was severed now, with Holmes thinking him a useless, judgmental conformist, than the detective deduce Watson’s hidden shame.
,” Watson had said. The answer, then, lay in his childhood. That deduction sent Holmes to the punchbowl for several vicious rounds, and then to the one person in the city who had more investigative resources at his disposal than Sherlock.
The doctor had given up with fumbling at his waistcoat, instead yanking hard at the back of his trousers, tearing them free from his bracers. He turned to face the wall, one hand came up to fist beside his face, partially obscuring his features, the other…
Smith swallowed hard but still hesitated. Holmes picked up the gun. “My friend has been hurt and I am angry. I would really like to shoot someone. Thank you for the opportunity.”
“I do not doubt it,” Holmes said. “Some fights cannot be won, sometimes the odds…”
Lulled by Watson’s heartbeat, Holmes slept.
Holmes wrenched away from Watson, scrambling back before their pursuers’ steps had even faded. Watson slid down the wall like corpse, flopped over onto his hands and knees in the gutter, and vomited.
For three days Holmes dug into Watson’s past. If his investigation into Moriarty had been frenzied, this inquiry was obsessive. Unfortunately for Holmes, he already knew most of what he discovered. Watson came from a middle class family in Glasgow. His mother died not long after he was born, leaving him to be raised by his alcoholic, businessman father and his alcoholic, layabout brother. His brother was 6 years his senior. Medical school, the war, the injuries, a string of lovers (all women) across three continents…Holmes had known the majority at a glance when they first met.
“He hasn’t come down for it since I been here, so I stopped making ‘im one.”
Here he hesitated. He had done so much damage to Watson already, did he dare risk doing more? Could he risk doing nothing?
“Excellent. Do something then.” Watson fisted a hand in Holmes’s sleeve and gave it a commanding tug, pulling the detective’s face down towards his own. “Start with the kissing, that’s the usual order of things.”
He was moving his hips now, thrusting against Watson, because he had to, the lamp light was coming closer, and his damned body was responding. He kept up a ragged chant in Watson’s ear, a stream of French this time instead of filth.
“Holmes,” Watson grated out. His voice was hoarse with suppressed emotion, and Holmes knew he had already lost. Either Watson would die in a hail of fists and bullets, or Holmes would drive him away with his own uncontrollable, shameful depravity. In the latter scenario, Watson lived. It wasn’t really a choice.
“As his left sleeve may as well be stitched to your right, his very absence speaks volumes.”
Watson folded Holmes’s pronouncement into himself, stored it as a difficult truth to be considered later. For now, it was enough that the detective believed it.
Watson did not try to bridge the new space between them.
“I…” Holmes began to take slow steps backwards to the door. The sight closed Watson’s windpipe like hands around his throat.
“I have solved it.”
Holmes blinked at Jones, but the doctor had gone to the door to shout for the maid. “Draw a cold water bath,” He ordered her.
“You are the most fascinating thing here to be seen.” Holmes cursed his quick tongue.
“Sherly! This is a surprise. I see that Mrs. Hudson ran out of strong flour this morning.”
“Influenza?” Jones asked, his voice pitched low for a sickroom.
“Watson, I’m…” Holmes stuttered to a stop. He was adrift in the middle of Watson’s room.
“Hold still, whore,” Holmes snarled for the benefit of their audience. Watson somehow became even more immobile against him.
“About Watson.” The taste of blood was sharp in Holmes’s mouth.
For a moment that shortened Holmes’s lifetime, he thought Watson was dead.
This should have reassured Holmes. But Watson was still marching along with a set jaw and distant eyes, and the detective, deduced -
, Holmes thought as they fled the warehouse,
Moving as if each muscle had to be independently coerced into action, Watson rolled away from Holmes to face the wall.
Holmes’s hands began to shake.
He could not read what he saw there. What was in those blue depths? Anger? Fear? Or (dare he hope) desire? Even Watson's expressive face was no help. If forced to label it, Holmes would have called it rapt, as if the doctor waited on Holmes to make some unknown move.
Doctor Jones visited daily, monitoring his progress and administering medications.
Watson took a breath and forced himself to relax. His eyes were gummy and his body felt heavy, but blessed unconsciousness continued to hover just out of reach.
Watson began to twitch again, rhythmically, like he was running in his sleep, or…he whimpered.
They both sat, Smith behind an immaculately clean and largely barren desk, Holmes in the comfortable chair in front of it.
“My curiosity, if nothing else.” Holmes studied Watson. His face, still too thin, was twisted in some expression caught between humiliation and affectionate amusement. It was, sadly, also familiar, as he wore this expression all too often around Holmes.
“Steady on, Watson. They seem an easily offended sort. We’ll be home within the hour.”
“You know nothing about me; about the man John has become.”
“Please Holmes, just leave it.”
The next week was the longest of Holmes’s life. Cold water baths, a wracking cough and Watson’s increasing incoherence all blurred together into a waking nightmare.
Boots clattered on the cobbles half a block away, a newborn cried from an upper story room behind them, the humidity fogging the windows indicated it would rain within the hour, Watson’s eyes were blue as an August sky and he was making some complaint about Holmes’s brilliant plan.
“Do you want to help him? If his fever is high enough for delirium….”
“And yet you have broken your hand on someone’s face.”
They quick-marched without speaking for an eternity that lasted no more than ten minutes. It began to rain, a steady, soaking drizzle.
If Holmes would have him.
enjoy it. What they did to you,
“I fail to see how less clothing is more of a disguise,” Watson said, but his shaking fingers already fumbled to obey. He trusted Holmes.
Thank you for reading! Not exactly a light-hearted fic; I can only hope I treated the subject with the care it deserves.
Holmes’s heart constricted painfully in his chest. He had to focus on something other than his friend’s worried face, that worry only for Holmes even as his own body burned. Holmes focused on his battered and stained hands, which gripped the doctor so hard he was half raised off the bed. Holmes did not have Watson’s permission to claw at him in this way.
“You enjoyed that,” Watson accused, his voice cracking on the last word.
“Bit busy here,” Holmes shouted, not looking up from where he’d buried his face against the silken steel of Watson’s neck. The doctor’s face was twisted towards him, and Holmes could feel Watson’s lips moving soundlessly in his hair in time with each of Holmes’s thrusts.
“I do. As you know, I am always right.”
Holmes laughed then, a strangled fragile thing, wrung out of him despite the fear and stress. Watson grinned at him over the mirror, and the detective gave in to the impulse, throwing his head back and howling.
Watson waved away the compliment with an impatient hand.“You never could leave well enough alone,” he said.
“You have followed me into near-death and worse, my dear one. But in this, I fear, our roles are reversed. I can not let you go, and if you insist on leaving, I will follow.” It may be tomorrow, to a criminal’s bullet, or a year from now to the needle, but Holmes knew that without Watson to set his back against, he would fall.
Holmes sank down in a chair with a huff. The Stranger’s Room at the Diogenes was quiet, as usual. It did little to ease his mind today. “You can’t know a thing about the doctor’s state based on my appearance.”
Holmes climbed over Watson to the side of the bed closest to the wall, and then proceeded to drape the doctor over himself like a cape. He wiggled backwards, until they were pressed together from top to toes, Holmes’s back to Watson’s chest.
“-but I will not be forced to-, I-, I will not be complicit in that lowest form of immorality. I will not be party to your disgusting depravity.”
Holmes’s mind provided him with the image of Watson, drool dribbling down his chin, eyes blank and staring. Watson, without his firecracker quick comebacks, without his medical knowledge, without his sharp curiosity. The detective considered vomiting and discarded the impulse as a waste of time.
“As you are a gift to me, dear man.” Watson kissed his forehead chastely, then grinned. “As you are forever telling me, we have a barter system.”
Holmes bore down on Watson, pressing him face first into the wall, plastering his own body over the doctor’s.
This case had begun like any other, a distressed client, much hand wringing, and it had ended like most of the cases Watson had experienced so far: with them running for their lives. At least a dozen well-armed men were chasing them through the dirty warren of London’s streets. Watson’s revolver was out of bullets (Holmes’s revolver was on the mantle in the sitting room), his leg was cramping painfully, and his vision had gone hazy around the edges from lack of oxygen. He would soon find himself unable to keep up with Holmes, exactly the sort of weakness he’d hoped to downplay to the detective for as long as possible.
Holmes went to his room and dumped the untidy stack of paper on his bed. He began to pace his room. Only one case held his interest. There was just the small matter of having been explicitly told not to pursue it by the one person who had a right to make such a decree.
“Well, I think it’s my turn to play the child.”
Watson’s stomach twisted in shame. He tried to ignore the bile rising in his throat as he panted for breath.
“Bossy, mother hen.” Holmes jumped to obey, immeasurably glad to have an achievable task to accomplish.
Holmes blew out an exasperated breath. “You would prefer some verbal sparring? To be cut by a scathing comment?”
“What…?” The maid must have followed him upstairs.
Watson sucked in a deeper breath. He didn’t seem to be fully awake, but he was aware enough to straighten against Holmes’s shoulder. Somehow, they stayed vertical as the detective dragged him off the bed and staggered to the bathroom.
The detective’s hips shuddered to a stop. If it was a choice between death and forcing Watson to relive
“He is well. Recovering from a brief illness.” Holmes had to stop and swallow. His lip, split last night during a particularly difficult bout, began to bleed. “He is as well as can be expected.”
“Two blocks and we’ll be in safer territory,” Watson told himself and his burden. He focused on the cobbles and saw patterned carpet, concentrated on Holmes's weight on his shoulder and felt another pressing against him from behind.
It didn’t matter that John had asked him to leave it alone, and Holmes hated himself for that.  He couldn’t move forward, didn’t know how to act, without more data.
Watson saw red.
“Go away, Holmes.” The knobs of his spine moved beneath his skin as he settled.
It was hard to think, half lying across his beloved’s body, the cage of Watson’s ribs expanding within his arms, with Watson looking up at him, undeniable lust and faith mingled in his eyes.
A flurry of activity followed. Watson was too tired to attempt a full bath, but Holmes helped him to the bathroom for a scrub and a change of clothes, then badgered him into drinking tea and broth when the effort of moving around made both seem far too difficult. Eventually, he was allowed to collapse on his bed, which now sported clean sheets.
“Cock? Surely you can say the word, Watson.”
“Whose idea?”
“Hold him down,” Jones commanded Holmes.
against Holmes, had him hard in moments.
“I understand you perfectly.” Holmes’s face was blank as mud.
Smith narrowed his eyes. “What has John told you?”
“I will not,” Holmes said.
, that the comfortable, beautiful thing between them had gotten twisted around, and he didn’t know how to set it right. Watson was bleeding somewhere inside, a wound Holmes had opened, and he did not know how to staunch the flow.
“It is my affection for
, tonight, fifteen years ago and far too often in between, Watson’s fear did not seem entirely unfounded.
He cataloged the scene in an instant. The floor around the bed was littered with the accoutrements of illness, half empty water glasses and teacups, medicine vials tipped and rolled about, a basin. Watson lay on his back in the bed, partially tangled in the sheets. His torso was bare, his ribs clearly visible beneath auburn chest hair, a thinness too pronounced to be the product of a few days.
“Yes!”
“How…What did you hope to…? Why?!”
“I fought,” Watson said in a voice scraped raw. He met the detective’s eyes for the first time since the alley. Rain streamed down his cheeks, mingling with blood from his scrapes and dripping pink from his chin. His face was nothing but earnest as he delivered revelations like blows. “I fought them.”
Understanding Watson had always been easy for Holmes, before. The doctor seldom bothered to hide his feelings, even at the beginning of their acquaintance when he might still have believed it possible. Of course, the detective now knew he'd underestimated Watson's ability to influence Holmes's deductions by manipulating his emotions. This discovery probably should have worried Holmes, and truly, it would terrify him to know that anyone other than Watson had this power over him. But Holmes trusted Watson. It was himself he could no longer trust with so delicate a matter as interpreting Watson.
,” Holmes begged.
Watson went boneless in his arms with a sigh, his head tipped back to rest on the detective’s shoulder before Holmes had even decided what he was begging for.
Watson felt the last shreds of his sanity slip through his fingers. He rolled off the unconscious detective and staggered to his feet. In the distance, men shouted to each other, still searching for him and Homes.
Watson tripped over nothing. “I have no idea what you are asking. But that charade was my idea, was it not? This time, anyway.”
“I do not cry.”
“What…How could…” Watson panted when he had punched himself out.
Watson didn’t have the words for what he wanted, what he knew he did not deserve. He didn’t have the energy to hold himself together anymore. Unfolding his fingers towards Holmes, he hoped the detective could overcome his reservations and give Watson this small comfort.
“No,” Watson responded.
It was as close as either would come to a full apology, and perhaps more than either felt they deserved. Holmes stood and offered his hand to Watson, trying not to act surprised when the other man took it without hesitation.
The sick man began to shiver.
Holmes knocked on the door, though he had never before, in their years of cohabitation, bothered with that courtesy.
“I am not fine. But as I have been varying degrees of ‘not fine’ for my entire adult life, at least it is a familiar condition.”
Watson rolled his eyes, then winced as if even that movement was painful. “I had noticed.”
Watson smiled, little more than a twitch of his mustache, but a smile. “If you say so, detective.”
Watson’s jacket and hat were hanging in the hallway, his medical bag sat just inside his office. Glancing up the stairs, Holmes saw the doctor’s bedroom door was closed.
Holmes sighed and turned back to moving papers around aimlessly on the floor. It shouldn’t have been so difficult to know what to say, when to reach out and when to hold back. After all, Holmes had taught Watson to dance once before. They should have been able learn how to move together again.
Watson cried out again, louder, and Holmes couldn’t help but smooth a sweaty curl off his friend’s brow.
Holmes ground his teeth. "Watson was. As a boy." This was not a coherent statement by any stretch, but he knew a thousand minute tells gave away how deeply this mater affected him. His nostrils flared, his fists clenched on the arms of his chair, he rolled his shoulders as if preparing to box.
Watson gave a weary sigh, but he went straight up the stairs and to the sitting room without further prodding. He collapsed into the settee in front of the fire with a soggy squelch. Holmes retrieved the doctor’s bag, lit the lamps, poked the fire into blazing, and then settled on an ottoman before Watson to pick at the grit embedded in his face.
“You must prepare yourself for the worst,” Jones said. His eyes shone with grief. Holmes hated him for it; he had no right to it.
Holmes made an incoherent noise that might have started as Watson’s name.
Life at 221B went on again the next day in much the same way it had gone the day before. Holmes threw himself, and Watson, into his work. Every case that crossed his desk, they took. No criminal, no matter how pedestrian, went uncaught. No light-fingered maid went unpunished and no blackguard went unpursued. In the meantime, Mrs. Hudson brought tea and scones, Gladstone waddled about in the sitting room, the rain fell and new politicians rose. Nothing had changed but the lens through which Watson viewed the world. He felt as if he watched it all from a great distance, through cracked and blackened glass.
A beat of silence. “In my experience, there is nothing farther beyond reason, nothing more in the realm of natural, instinctive reaction, than, than…that.”
Holmes bared his teeth at Smith’s use of the doctor’s Christian name. “Yes.”
“Watson hates being cold,” Holmes observed tonelessly.
“What…” he stopped to clear his throat painfully. “What are you sorry for?”
“Don’t be ridiculous, dear man,” Holmes bit back. He still did not touch. “Can you move?”
“You left it in the mortuary, Sunday last. I meant to return it to you.”
He did. But it was one thing to know and another to believe.
. Holmes sat at the head of the bed. He scooped up his friend in one motion, pulling Watson’s bare back against his chest, trapping his arms at his sides by hugging him around the waist.
“A man cannot meet his brother for dinner?”
Holmes abandoned the worthless conversation with the maid.
“I want it noted how good a friend I am being, by not pointing out the irony of you saying such a thing, to me.”
Smith blinked. “Then you are too late.”
"I do need something, actually." Watson gave his elbow a squeeze, then stood and went to the desk.
“Do you.”
“…So you felt some physical pleasure in the act.” Holmes sounded as if he might be sick and Watson could not blame him. He forced himself to loosen his grip on the detective so he could withdraw, but Holmes squeezed his fingers harder. “I stand by what I said, all those years ago. Bodies, stimuli, it’s all lamentably messy. You know this, as a medical man.”
into a crisis. He was the flawed man, the cripple. He was broken.
“I let them rape me.” He said it, not hiding behind euphemism; the hated word was unnaturally loud in the quiet room.
“Holmes. This is a dead end.”
“You are crying, Holmes.”
“That would be a, ah, gift.” Holmes forced himself to stop moving against the doctor so he could look into his eyes. “Watson, this is…you are a gift.”
“There’s a joke in there somewhere.”
Watson looked over his shoulder at the as yet empty street and nearly crashed to the ground as Holmes yanked him by the lapels into a shadowy alley.
Holmes fidgeted a bit in his arms then quieted. "You fought the only way you could.”
“Do not condescend to me!”
“Just names, Mycroft. Do not stick that crooked beak of yours into this any farther than necessary.”
“That the world is a darker and more terrible place than I knew. That I have once again underestimated the incredible, unflinching strength that is the bedrock of your soul.”
Footsteps echoed in the distance and Holmes scowled at Watson. The detective had already stripped to shirtsleeves, a long triangle of ivory skin visible through his partially open shirt.
Never loosening his grip on Watson’s injured arm, Holmes used his free hand to pull Watson’s trousers down as far as they would go while still in bracers, hopefully far enough to be believable. He began to thrust his hips against Watson’s backside. They were both largely clothed, with many layers between them, but the friction and heat, the feel of Watson warm and alive and
Sherlock clears his throat, embarrassed. “Father always paid for them.”
John stares down at his hands in pained resignation.
“I’m not Mary, John.” Sherlock says and John blinks for a long minute.
Sherlock nods in thanks wordlessly, staring at the distance.
He knows what it’s like to love John Watson, when you’re deeply flawed. When you’re
He took a few breaths in an attempt to regroup, but John spoke before Sherlock had a chance to.
She can’t hear his breath catching, his loud exhalation of air. Lucky, that.
“If you two can’t make a decision, I’m certainly capable of sending my people.” He smiles dangerously, raising an eyebrow in Sherlock's direction. “She’ll walk out alive, though certainly not free. Legally speaking, of course.”
The question is so unexpected, it forces John to take a big breath in order to fight the heavy weight that lands in his stomach when the memory rises. Those days, when he’d just met her, were some of his worst, and she… she was supposed to make things better.
Sherlock nods defiantly, turning to move away.
“Excellent job, Mr. Holmes!” Edwin says, hurrying to catch up with Sherlock and Mycroft as they walk down the small garden just outside the safehouse. “That was brilliant.”
"Are you tracking the whereabouts of every Watson out there?" he murmurs as Sherlock sits down quietly. Sherlock's staring at his phone, texting, seemingly unperturbed.
“It’s… it's not as bad as…” David starts, presumably hoping to diminish the ugliness of the meaning of these scars, the heartbreaking truth they reveal. “
Twenty minutes later Sherlock feels as if a light has turned on in his brain. He scans his surroundings, somewhat surprised—and yet not—to find himself in his current location.
“The stones are supposed to imitate a birthstone. Garnet, for January, and Sapphire for September.” Mrs. Poole says hopefully.
They texted briefly for a few days after the wedding, during the honeymoon. John checked in on his condition a few times and never heard from James again until that text on a Sunday afternoon.
“Do you have anything to say so far, Sherlock?” David asks and Sherlock shakes his head. “What are you thinking, John?”
“I’ve already launched a full-on investigation, Mycroft.”
” Sherlock told him after their first meeting.)
Here’s a sentence he never thought he’d hear leave Sherlock’s mouth. John didn’t know Sherlock was doing non-work related… stuff.
“Sherlock.” John says, his voice threatening.
” It instructs him. He swallowed loudly. North Cyprus isn’t lawless and the asset he’s about to meet isn’t dangerous. However, the fact that the man insisted on meeting outside of Turkey left Sherlock, Mycroft and Eva somewhat concerned. They were hoping that he wouldn’t be stepping straight into an ambush. The fact that Eva arranged for a car shows that she’d like him to be able to be in and out of there easily.
“Christ.” John says and his entire body slumps. “Christ, Sherlock, I’m so sorry.”
“Of course.”
Silent seconds pass as John studies Sherlock with an indecipherable look. Then, running a hand through his hair he stands up, climbs the stairs to his room, and hands Sherlock the mystery manila envelope as soon as he returns to the kitchen.
“Rachel?” David asks hesitantly.
He frowns at the unexpected message from none other than James Sholto.
John feels Sherlock’s stare like a laser beam. John never mentioned the dinner plans to Sherlock; James Sholto was an uncomfortable part of John’s past and he knew Sherlock could tell as much. They never really discussed
“No, sir.”
Just in case.
“Who do you think gave Magnussen all these documents?” Mrs. Norbury asks with a raised brow. “Oh, you missed your chance that night in his office, didn’t you? So close. Luckily Sherlock Holmes had finished the job for you. He’s so very useful at times, isn’t he?”
“You told him you regretted coming back?” John blurts, the words leaving his mouth before he’s even aware of them.
, Sherlock thinks. The snow reminds him of London and he always does so love a snowy city. True, in London he had the warmth of 221B to look forward to even on his worst day, but snow is snow and he’s a man on a mission.
Well.
“Must be the New Jersey charm,” Saul says, throwing John off with an inscrutable smile.
By the time they reached London’s suburbs, Sherlock had spent the majority of the ride with Lestrade on the phone. He’s instructing him on details of a sting operation that will, hopefully, reveal the truth about Nathan Black’s death and James’ recent predicaments.
“I have a rehearsal coming up in a few days. Need to write it and everything.” David turns to look at John, his eyes turning dark with honesty. “But here’s the thing. I don’t think it’s the right choice. What I really want to tell them is to run for their lives.”
“Oh.” Alexander’s face falls at Lestrade’s words. He gathers himself and turns to Sherlock.
“A speech?” Sherlock asks, his pulse suddenly picking up. The memory of David’s strange finger movements, what Mycroft had mistaken for nervous fidgeting, suddenly floats back to his memory. He’s been waiting for an opportunity to watch David speaking in front of cameras since the day they landed.
“I pray every day… that you never lose sight of what you committed to do in our name,” the man continues. “Don’t fall for their lies. I promised you Allah's forgiveness and, inshallah, you will earn your place in heaven next to him.”
David has been staring out the kitchen window for a long while, watching the last cohort of reporters still determined enough to wait outside the couple’s house. Alison has used her ties with Captain Mason to demand that security is put outside their home to keep the press away, but bureaucracy seems to be slowing that down.
“Don’t, Sherlock, don’t…” He stops him mid-sentence, hating the words already. It makes him sad; about Sherlock’s overreaching denial, his need to make everything so bloody
Holmes ground his teeth. “Vulnerability should not invite violence.”
“Come now, Doctor." Holmes looked up at him, calmly composed despite the disorganized sprawl of his arms and legs. "You must know that the manifestation of a man’s desire is not entirely within his control. It’s a natural reaction of the body.”
The man approaching from behind made a gagging sound, spat at the back of Holmes’s head, and beat a hasty retreat.
Watson's head jerked up, searching for the speaker and knowing he would not find him. This voice spoke from his past.
Smith rocked back on his heels. “The famous detective?”
“I’ll do it,” Holmes said as Jones moved to help him pull Watson from bed. “Come on, dear friend, get those feet beneath you. I need your help.”
Watson’s eyes opened. His head lolled against the tub as he searched for Holmes.
“John’s brother caught us. I managed to make an escape before he got a proper look at me, but John. John paid the price.”
“If my presence isn’t causing you distress, can I come back to bed?” Holmes asked.
“Except when you aren’t.”
As usual, he had underestimated Watson. Their fingers were still twined together, and the doctor dragged Holmes closer by hugging himself with their entangled arms, forcing Holmes to embrace him in the same motion. Watson thrust his hips back, the stuttering motion tearing from him a strangled, animal cry that spoke more of pain and humiliation than pleasure.
An uncomfortable silence descended on the room. Though Watson’s face was only inches from his own, Holmes felt as if he was stretching across a great distance to touch, or rather carefully not touch, his friend. He was
“You cannot know that.”
Holmes deflated into his seat.
“And then perhaps,” Watson whispered, “I shall find a way to put a stop to those incessant observations of yours for just a moment.”
Watson’s breath behind him was coming in pained gasps.
He did not realize he was ill himself for days, too many days.
“Nanny!” Holmes shouted down the stairs. Instead of Mrs. Hudson, a timid maid he did not recognize appeared.
“My dearest one, I want. I want with a constancy and intensity that scares me; I was certain it would scare
,” Watson replied, meeting Holmes’s eyes as he pushed himself up on his elbows.
Watson was asleep when Holmes got back to their rooms, two days and half a dozen bare-knuckle fights later. From the stack of papers and books beside the settee, the doctor had installed himself in the sitting room some time before. A medical journal was open in his lap; his injured leg half-hanging off the seat awkwardly. Holmes’s stomach swooped at the sight of him lying there, just being Watson.
“Watson, pleasure given against a person’s will is a perversion of the worst form. It is pain by a different name.”
“Right. And why are you not crying?”
Holmes bared his teeth in a mirthless smile. It would have been safer to use a false name, to manufacture a disguise, but this was something he had to do as himself.
Watson’s mouth twitched; he understood odds. He grunted in agreement and they began to walk again. They did not speak until they were standing at the bottom of the stairs outside 221B. Holmes, for the first time in his long, noisy life, did not know what to say.
Their lips met like key slotting into lock. Watson seemed to unfurl beneath him, his body relaxing and his mouth opening to Holmes. He tasted of brandy and medication; his mustache tickled Holmes’s nose. The detective pulled back, then tried to soothe the hurt of rejection off Watson’s face with a thumb over his too-sharp cheekbone.
Watson very nearly broke Holmes’s nose.
It felt right, this slotting together of their physical selves when they had already woven the rest of lives into the same cloth. Perhaps it was time for Watson to re-draw his moral lines again, with the detective and himself together in every meaningful way, finally, on the right side of his personal morality.
Watson had not realized before how much he wanted to be touched, how much he needed physical contact. He missed having someone to lean on when the cold made his leg ache, missed how Holmes would act as if his support was a friendly courtesy and not the necessity it sometimes was. He craved the passing touches, the daily, sometimes hourly affirmation:
At breakfast yesterday, Watson had offered him a piece of toast, buttered and with just the perfect amount of jam, far more than the doctor liked. But instead of putting it on the detective's empty plate, as Watson usually did when he was not-so-subtly mothering Holmes into eating, he had held it up for Holmes to take a bite. It
Watson looked at him. Even in the dim light, Holmes could see the jerking bob of his Adam’s apple as he swallowed hard.
Grabbing Watson by the wrist, Holmes wrenched the arm that still carried a jezail bullet up and behind the doctor’s back. Watson went rigid beneath him with a gasp just as the villain with the lamp entered the alley.
Strong arms tightened around his torso.
Apparently unable to contain himself any longer, Holmes twisted around in his arms until they were facing. Warily, Watson leaned back a bit so he could see the detective's face without going cross-eyed. His expression was fierce.
The doctor paced; fists smashed against the sides of his head as if he could physically hold himself together. The copper tang of blood choked him, hands scrabbled at his clothes, his shoulder screamed in agony, a hard body pinned him down. He was drowning in a flood of actual and phantom sensations, his sense of reality distorted beyond recovery.
Watson twisted his injured arm up and back, behind him, offering it Holmes.
“There is nothing natural about that act, between men.” He leaned on the wall, as much to avoid looking at Holmes as for the support.
“You just did.”
Footsteps clattered in the mouth of the alley. Holmes took the hand Watson was offering him and laced their fingers together, then pulled the arm into a more natural position at their sides. He pressed his body into Watson’s back, his mind cataloging details he hadn’t allowed himself to see since they were the barest of acquaintances, a spiraling series of deductions that squeezed the air from his lungs in a long, terrified whoosh.
As always, the detective heard the words Watson did not say. As always, Holmes argued with him. “You did
. So as far as I am concerned, you won the only fight that mattered.”
“Ugh, I can.”
. It was like an amputated limb, taken for granted until it was gone and unbearably painful in its absence.
The detective began to come around.
They had not lived together long when it became clear that the good doctor John H. Watson was unnaturally tolerant of detective Sherlock Holmes’s eccentricities. When Holmes suddenly became flush with rent money only a few months after they began to cohabitate, and became proportionately more unbearable as a result, Watson surprised himself by finding most of his colleague’s deplorable habits somewhat reassuring evidence of the detective’s humanity. There were, of course, things Watson would not tolerate (anything that endangered the safety of innocent bystanders; more than, at last count, three contiguous nights of violin solos), and he expected there were indignities Holmes would not subject him to under any circumstances. He hoped so, anyway, though he had yet to gather much evidence to support his fledgling faith.
“You don’t know what you’re talking about.” Watson took an involuntary step back at the mention of his father.
“This is my book!” Holmes exclaimed.
“What can I help you with, Mr…?” Smith asked.
Watson took a deep, steadying breath through cracked lips and a raw throat. The sharp odors of tobacco and formaldehyde assaulted him, sending him into a coughing fit that wracked his body for minutes.
Watson’s chest moved as he breathed, and Holmes began to breathe again as well. He realized he was shouting as he moved across the room, an incoherent mix of calls for help and pleas for Watson to wake up.
Holmes hated when Mycroft was right. Which he always was. But in this Holmes had hoped his brother was wrong; he had prayed to a higher power he did believe in that solving the mystery would grant him the insight he needed to find the path forward. He had counted on it. But knowing who had hurt Watson did nothing to ease the soul-deep pain Holmes felt on his friend’s behalf. It only provided his mind with a thousand new and gut-wrenching images of a boy violated by the very people who should have protected him.
“Please, spare us.”
Watson did not stir.
“What are you doing?” Watson gasped on an inhale. He shoved with limbs gone clumsy at Holmes’s quick fingers on his chest, the detective tearing open his clothing with enough force to make buttons pop.
Holmes saw too clearly now, now that it was not just a flat-mate and sometime colleague slammed up against a dirty alley wall, but his Watson still as death beneath him. His Watson, who was quick tempered and sarcastic, but never truly angry unless he was scared. His Watson, whose lips were forming the word “no” with each of Holmes’s thrusts.
that forces my hand.”
Holmes jerked his hand back from Watson’s face. He glared at Jones. “You have no right. And there is no point; he has not recognized my presence for days.”
Watson, ever the stronger of the two of them, spoke first. “You are hovering.”
He was in front of his friend’s room without deciding to climb the stairs.
be a signal of deepening romantic interest. Or an new level of dedication to the detective's health...Or...Or...Or...Holmes had just stared at the toast, struggling to deduce the meaning behind the gesture, until Watson shrugged and ate it himself.
“I know you are here, threatening me with a gun on his behalf. Perhaps not sweet, conventionally, but certainly an act of a deeply loyal companion.”
“Am I so repellant,” Watson said, and it should have been a sarcastic question. It should have been
The flare of affectionate amusement almost hurt; Watson could not give in to it. Anger, the righteous anger of gentleman, was his only shield, whether he deserved to carry it or not.
“I don’t believe that and neither do you.”
“Just me, old chap.” Holmes said.
Holmes snorted. “Right.”
“Watson, Watson, Watson.”
“You are small-minded and condemnatory of anything you cannot understand. You blindly uphold the so-called morality your father taught you, even though you loathe the man for his all-to-predictable alcoholism.”
If he had been tired before, he was beyond exhausted now. He felt fragile as an eggshell.
The detective dropped beside his friend. His hands fluttered uselessly by the doctor’s shoulders, afraid to touch and afraid not to touch.
“What…?” The man behind them was catching on, slowly.
“And here I am.”
“Brilliantly deduced.” Holmes stripped off his jacket, fumbling with the buttons of his coat.
“Oh you are no mystery, Watson. Your mind is a common thing, as unexceptional as horse dung and no more interesting. The only thing more disappointing than these crude opinions formed by your second-rate intellect is the intolerable physical disability that nearly got us killed tonight.” As if to prove how much more able he was, Holmes wobbled to his feet and began to wander away under his own power.
It was hard to pick just one reason. “I have betrayed you, my friend.”
Watson stopped walking so suddenly Homes had to dance to the side to avoid colliding with his back.
Holmes slid one arm beneath Watson’s waist, wincing as his knuckles scraped across the doctor’s too-prominent spine. He wrapped the other arm around Watson’s torso and winched himself close to his best friend’s side. He relaxed his head onto Watson’s bare shoulder with the sigh of a man coming home. Watson’s heartbeat rattled in Holmes’s ear, the filigree of scar tissue pressed to his cheek mutely attesting to how close the doctor had already come to death
“Just shut up.” Watson’s voice was choked as he struggled to speak. “I need you to know. I need you to know that I did not enjoy it.”
“I don't know the exact...details. His brother and a few thuggish friends convinced John’s father that it would cure him of ‘his proclivities’. After, they took him out of our school and sent him halfway across the country to finish the term. I didn’t dare write, but I kept track of him as best I could, and…them as well, his brother and those disgusting friends of his. They are all dead from drink and hard-luck and their own stupidity.”
The barrister cleared his throat. He seemed…sad. “I could not agree more. We weren’t much past fourteen and so innocent when…I swear to you; it was just schoolyard fumbling. It never had a chance to progress beyond two teenagers rolling around in the grass.”
“I think that might be overstating it somewhat.” He said it with a familiar weary resignation. “Is your curiosity at least satisfied?”
“It was once. And it will be again. We will be too.” He smiled his shy smile, the one he hid beneath his mustache and a ducked head. Holmes usually had to surprise it out of him; and perhaps Smith was right after all, for this was a sweetness in Watson that Holmes had long cherished.
“Have I hurt-How angry are-Have I made, everything, worse with my-myself?”
Holmes got Watson into the tub, leaving his smalls on. He tried hard not to think about how vulnerable the doctor must feel, barely clothed, sliding weakly down the back of the tub. Holmes crouched behind the tub and wrapped one arm around Watson’s chest to keep his chin above the water.
The men began to disperse, directionless and with no urgency. Holmes waited, keeping up the lewd movements, the stream of obscenity-laden filth and dirty grunts, until the last of the footsteps faded away.
Jerking back as if scalded, Holmes dropped Watson. The doctor exhaled in a sharp huff, as if he’d been punched in the gut. He met the detective’s wild stare with eyes like broken glass.
“You are thinking very loudly back there, Doctor.”
"That is the fourth time you've sighed in as many minutes," Watson said, startling Holmes out of his circling thoughts.
His practice picked up. A minor outbreak of influenza gripped the city, and he worked mechanically for weeks, nursing patients and shuffling bitter medicines from house to house.
of it again. But even Holmes couldn’t plan for every eventuality.
“You are staring,” Watson said.
A window slammed shut, dragging him at least in part back to the dirty alley, their present dire circumstances. Holmes had, in fact, saved their lives. An internal voice that sounded too much like the detective pointed out that there had been no ready hiding place, no quick escape possible. He was the one turning this, this
The detective crossed to his friend and touched his knee. Watson twitched awake, hand closing hard on Holmes’s wrist.
“Then either his health was poor at the start, or this fever is burning through his reserves dangerously quickly.”
“Mykie. Stanley likewise did not order enough eggs for your household.”
Holmes could not help thinking as they both shed their more recognizable outer garments.  The doctor was undeniably handsome, neat and muscular, sharp-eyed and soft-lipped, but Holmes knew his own proclivities. He knew that appearance and even gender were only minor components in what attracted him to a person, as generally not even the most handsome face could tempt him. But on some rare occasions, once or twice in his life, his own traitorous human nature forced him to engage in those lesser forms of expression. Always, there was some spark of the exceptional, something to hold his interest. What that was in Watson, he did not yet know. But he was interested.
“I think you’d best explain. Be concise.”
“Of course I can.” Watson put action to words by using the wall to claw his way back to vertical. Holmes felt his own fingertips shred; his own nails bend back on the bricks. They staggered together down the alley and into the street, Holmes a step behind Watson, one hand a few inches beneath his elbow as if tethered by an invisible chain.
William Smith lived above his office on Oxford Circus, not two streets from Watson’s one-time home with Mary. Smith had three children, a beautiful wife and a thriving legal counsel. If his wife did not see to his mending and breakfasted in a different room, well. No doubt everyone who knew them would say she was an excessively busy woman.
“He knows you now.”
“You should not have fought,” Holmes told him. “You only made it worse.”
“Of course not. But I feel obligated, as your brother, to point out the prevailing wisdom.”
Something broke loose inside Holmes, shredding his insides with its jagged edges.
“I am not a puzzle to be solved.” Watson’s tone could have stripped paint.
“Watson, I’m coming in.” Holmes had expected the door to be locked, but it swung open when he tried the handle.
“Sorry.” Watson let go of his wrist and gave his hand an apologetic pat. He pushed himself a little closer to upright. Holmes lifted the doctor’s injured leg on to the settee, then after a moment’s consideration, lifted both legs and slid beneath them, so he was seated with Watson’s knees across his lap.
A few moments and several shots later, Holmes held the mirror for Watson as he removed the dirt from his wounds with rock steady hands.
Holmes opened his mouth to argue and then shut it with a click. He would never be able to hear that word from Watson’s mouth the same way again. From the bitter twist of the doctor’s lips, he knew it.
Holmes improvised a legal crisis involving a last will and testament and procured a same-day consultation with Smith. He was a beautiful man, the detective forced himself to admit. Despite his wife’s subtle sabotage, he dressed impeccably, in a navy blue pinstripe suit that brought out his deep blue eyes. He had combed his light colored-hair and oiled it, his part straight as a razor, emphasizing his strong, square face. When he rose to shake Holmes’s hand, the detective had to look up; the barrister had easily four inches on him. His hand was powdery soft, so different from Holmes’s calloused, scarred fist.
The silence stretched. Smith broke it nervously. “You are not here to discuss a will.”
Watson huffed. "Then I did not resist strongly enough."
Then Holmes pulled Watson away from the wall by the collar of his half-open shirt and spun him to face it. Watson tried desperately to keep his balance, but he wavered on unsteady legs, dragged down by exhaustion, mired in fear, and burdened with a sudden bloom of memory splashing across his mind like a spray of blood on snow.
“Yes, well. We both have a few. You more than me, so.”
“Isn’t it obvious?” Holmes shouted in response, flavoring his speech with a heavy accent.
“Don’t be a dingy bird. And go to sleep.”
Sorry for the delay! This is a tough chapter. It is so much easier to break someone than it is to put them back together.
“Filthy inverts, I should beat the perversion out of your skins.” The voice rapidly retreated.
Holmes, for his part, was gleefully oblivious to Watson's growing humiliation. Or rather, he was aware of everything and far more concerned with other data. No doubt he knew what each of their pursuers had eaten for dinner and how the cross-eyed brute took his tea. The detective had clearly discerned that Watson was weakening, if the suddenly reasonable speed of their once breakneck escape was any indication; no doubt he had calculated the timing of Watson’s imminent collapse down to the second.
Watson smiled, taking the sting out of his words, and steered Holmes with a hand on the small of the detective's back. Distracted by the myriad potential implications of the touch, Holmes didn't realize he was in the hallway until Watson shut the sitting room door in with a soft click.
“Indeed.” Mycroft began to eat again, but his eyes didn’t leave Holmes’s face. “What can I do for you, Sherly?”
“That’s all well and good but… having him run around like that... It feels like he’s leading a double life. It’s like something’s brewing behind my back. That scares me. He’s done things behind my back before and I ended up alone. And… blind sided. I can’t… go through that again.”
Sherlock only nods at that. John clears his throat, changing the subject back to pirates.
“Why would she go to Tel Aviv? Doesn’t make sense,” Sherlock wonders aloud, brows furrowed.
“Soup is solids suspended in liquid,” Sherlock says, “so it qualifies as a liquid.”
“And then what happened?”
“We should go to the hospital tomorrow. Dr. Williams wants to speak to you, to all of you.”
“How much longer, then?”
“Sherlock is what I consider a neurodiverse person. I haven’t made an official, complete diagnosis but as a doctor, I’m sure you won’t be surprised by that assessment.”
“I may not be myself, Al, whatever that means, but I’m smart enough to see that you’re… that we… you’re drowning in debt, love. You’re barely making ends meet.”
“We were so young when I left. And she… she was everything to me. I’m an orphan. She was my first real family. And I... used to think I was invincible. You know, I had my whole life ahead of me,” David says. “I found this beautiful girl, and she looked at me like I was her whole world. Like I was the best thing that ever happened to her. I promised I’d give her everything she deserved. That’s the whole bloody reason I left for Afghanistan in the first place.”
“I’m sorry ma’am,” she says. “We really must be off to our next briefing.”
“Dr. Watson!” Liz barges in the room without knocking, disturbing them. “It’s Mr Wheeler. He just collapsed at the reception desk!”
“Take it or leave it, Mycroft,” Sherlock says, holding his brother’s eyes for a long moment. As soon as Mycroft nods Sherlock stands up, decidedly
“Hmmm.” David hums in satisfaction as he takes a sip from the warm beverage.
“Turn it off, Sherlock,” John says, his voice tight.
“Not as far as you remember.” Sherlock corrects him.
David turns to John.
John’s heart flutters when Sherlock speaks softly.
“A British warrior has…” Mycroft’s face falls. “A
This is the breakthrough John has been waiting for in months. Who’s he kidding? Years. This is the conversation he’s been hoping to have for years and it finally happened.
Ajay, but
“I’m sorry?”
“Nope.”
“Yes.” Sherlock shows her the papers. “He wrote down eight names. Family members, and here—an email address.”
How did he end up here, in his worst nightmare?
“Why did you think you’ll need to drag her back?” David asks.
“Oh, I’m sorry.”
He’s the sickly boy who grew up to be the captain of the rugby team, who shot at insurgents in the Afghan desert, who tackles criminals in the streets and stands up smiling with satisfaction once he’s had his way with them. Who— when Sherlock is being particularly contrary, medicated or on one rare occasion, drunk—can manhandle an unconscious six-foot detective up the stairs and into his bed without breaking sweat.
“Why don’t we start over, eh? Why were you in London in the first place?”
“Yes, please.” John says and shakes the doctor’s hand. “If it’s not too much trouble. This is Sherlock Holmes, his younger son.”
John suddenly wishes he could meet Aunt Élise. Knowing this family he senses the woman’s biggest sin is that she’s just plain normal.
Mrs. Holmes looks tired and resigned, her eyes red with tears. The mood is grim and the family members do not speak as they lay eyes on each other. John stands up, clears his throat and nods at them as they walk into Mr. Holmes’s room, closing the door behind them for privacy.
“Go on,” John says, not following.
“Sherlock, what the hell is going on here? What did he mean when he said that Alison knows about Jonathan? What does she know?”
“What’s wrong with you?” she asks. “You sound like—”
“That doesn’t mean I’m wrong.” Sherlock says.
“John?” Sherlock’s worried voice finally penetrates his bubble sometime later. The shadows shifted slightly, ten or maybe fifteen minutes had passed. “John?”
“So recently, we’ve been playing a game of dare of sorts. At the end of every session David reads back one thing I said I never did, or never would. And he challenges me to face it, confront it during the week that follows. He wants me to… experiment.”
Sherlock turns to the sound of his voice. “John.”
“I never said ‘terrorist’.”
A grumble comes from Sherlock’s direction.
John sighs, shuffling his legs in an attempt to get rid of his angry posture. “Can we go somewhere? Just you and I, so we can talk properly?”
Another time it’s ‘
“Mostly getting used to this place, so far. Getting equipment we need, waiting for some permits.” They talk for a while. Sherlock tells him about the recent weeks.
John closes his eyes as his heart drops in a free fall.
Sherlock knew John took the day away from Baker Street for Rosie’s sake. John’s colleague from the surgery (
John rolls his eyes. “I’ll say.”
“Anteha is working on obtaining the serial number of the burner phone. It’s an older model, not a smartphone, so it’ll be a bit more difficult to obtain,” Mycroft says. “And as for the attic, I’m afraid between the Corporal barely leaving the house and the crowd of reporters never staying away from it, it's been rather difficult to enter without being detected. Where are you off to now?”
He could have lived with that. He would have.
Since then, John's nightmares, which had subsided after moving in with Sherlock, returned with a vengeance. It had been wreaking havoc on John's body and mind, on his brave heart.
. You know. What the hell am I going to tell her about that?”
“She would have won anyway, John. She would have gotten what she wanted no matter what.  It wasn’t worth the… battle.”
Unseeing, he stares at the thick stack of papers in front of him. A petition for divorce- this is what he gets for his attempt at giving humanity a second chance. A short, painful marriage he thought would solve all his problems. In the end, he disappointed himself, his soon-to-be ex-husband, and everyone else around him.
“Legally and ethically, of course, we’re committed to gathering the family and making sure they understand the situation. A hospital committee had reviewed his will. Given his written wishes, his current condition, and his dementia diagnosis I sadly have to say that I think it would be best to respect his wishes. Even if in some way his body makes a physical recovery, his mind will not. We will act according to his will unless one of you feels the need to reject it or examine it on any grounds. If you do not and during the next few days William’s body stops functioning, we will not act to revive him. We will only make sure he is not suffering from any pain and that he can breathe as long as his body does so of its own volition.”
“What is ‘this’, exactly?” David asks. “I thought I’d given the army everything you needed.”
Sherlock was evidently, painfully out of his depth, then. Mycroft’s words kept haunting him, as he’d watch David pacing restlessly around the room like a caged lion;
“I…” Sherlock chokes when he feels John rutting against him, unsure whether it’s on purpose or accidentally. The sensation leaves him light-headed with arousal.
And John is happy. He’s happy as they pass through the cursed suburb, the suburb which suddenly doesn’t look so intimidating. He shakes his head when he sees Edward smoking anxiously out on his front lawn, drowning the hidden pain the holidays drudge up even in the best families. The facade, the lies. Simple suburban lies, of course. No assassin wives, no detectives returning from their death, but still: lies.
John and Rosie find themselves at Baker Street one evening, ostensibly to check on Mrs. Hudson. She hasn’t been feeling well, so they volunteered to do a short run to the shops on her behalf.
Sherlock shakes his head.
and often all the man can handle, anyway. Sherlock had made some truly awful accusations, bared his soul, and yet here stands a bright-eyed, bushy-tailed John, as though nothing had ever happened.
“I’m-”
John is silent at that.
“That’s right,” David nods. “Our RTI training proved itself.”
“Do it.” He orders Sherlock as he tugs on his hair again. “Harder. Make me come all over you. I'm going to mark you and everyone will know you're mine.”
“Have you tried asking her?” Sherlock asks. “About the… stuff?”
“Scot?” David asks.
John’s eyes turn from soft to angry in a split second. His voice, warm and yearning, is now icy cold.
“I'm not. It's my first time.”
“Yeah, I’ve been through a divorce.” Lestrade says, unperturbed. “There’s no way you didn’t have an inkling.”
“Excuse us for just a minute,” Elin calls over her shoulder as she jostles him into the ensuite, closing the door behind them. She pulls her phone out and, after a second or two, loud flute music starts playing, echoed by the acoustics of the bathroom.
“I asked her to pass the sterilizing wipes.” He smiles, but it’s a bitter smile. “She asked if I’d like to go for a drink later. I said no, but she kept asking, even commented on the blog. I said yes eventually. Couldn’t think of a reason not to, really.”
good enough.”
Sherlock straightens his back defiantly, his face twisting into a snarl at the comparison. “Honestly,
Mystified by his interminable logic, Rosie simply nodded in agreement and that was that.
“Yes,” Sherlock finally speaks. “There’s a lot on the line here, John. Both for myself and for Mycroft.”
“I don’t remember agreeing to that,” David whispers, brushing his lips against Sherlock’s. “What was so wrong about it?”
Why not, really? He’d warned David and done all he could. He won’t be able to develop any leads regarding Aldridge tonight, and though David isn’t his main suspect anymore, he’s still not in the clear. There are still things Sherlock needs answers about, that just don’t make sense.
“Because,” Sherlock says, “she’s your wife, the mother of your child, and it’s my understanding that these are things people ought to fight for.”
“We’re good. Suit looks great.” John sends a small smile his way.
(See the end of the chapter for
If that’s Sherlock's way of relieving the tension, John can handle it. He’s seen Sherlock at his worst and this isn’t it. As long as Mary’s away, he’s willing to be the one who forgives and forgets every time.
“No, I didn’t.” Saul shakes his head, his eyes following a passing tourist boat.
“Alright.” He says and picks Rosie up, taking her upstairs for a change of clothes.
, and there’s Sherlock, with his shirt sleeves rolled up and his robe thrown haphazardly over his shoulders. The two stand in the middle of the sitting room, all furniture cleared and pushed against the walls.
“Finally found a pack of Typhoo tea at the shops.” She approaches David, rubbing his back and putting down a cup of tea next to him.
“And?”
“He kept talking about the baby. Insisted that she loves me. That she made an error in judgment, that he can understand her.”
“Can we do this in about an hour? I have an appointment starting in a minute.”
And there’s Sherlock; the real Sherlock, the one from
huff. “What the hell is going on?”
“Well, because of his lifestyle.” Dinah says. “He was queer, you see, and he wasn’t shy about it. Back then—it was the sixties, you didn’t speak about these things; it was all rather hush-hush, and they all wanted him to keep it hush-hush, but he didn't. The only nice thing they ever did for him was to let him keep his job at one of their petrol stations. That was the one near Parsonage Green. It was the biggest one in Chelmsford at the time. A bit out of the way, right behind the factory, servicing mostly coppers and the factory's lorry drivers. Ernie was big with those crowds: police and lorry drivers. He knew all of them.”
“Please don’t.” John smiles in return and sits down in his chair. His eyes scan the mounds of equipment on the floor. “Seriously though, Sherlock. You are coming back, right?”
“Ah. Hence Paleontologist Priya.” John says. “You hated Sea Cadets? Thought you wanted to be a pirate.”
“No… that’s... unbelievable.”
“Let’s move on.” Edwin sits back further in his chair, crossing his arms. “This leaves us with a few questions still unresolved. The identity of the man who broke into the journalist's family flat, for one. Who sent him? Abu Nazir? An enemy faction?”
“If you don’t want to go, that’s your choice. And if you’d rather I don't go, I won’t.” John continues. “But he is your father. He raised you, he fed you, he cared for you. That’s plenty more than many other people get. He may not have been a perfect father - god knows I'm not. No father is. But it would be wrong to abandon him, to miss a chance to say goodbye over a misunderstanding or some misguided guilt. You’ll never forgive yourself, Sherlock, and I don’t want that for you. Just… Think about it.” John says, his last words soft and pleading.
Mycroft’s lips stretch into a sour smile.
) and has to break the bad news to Lestrade that his third date with the blonde defence attorney will never actually happen. By then it’s half past ten, and Lestrade is nodding off in his chair.
What a difference a few days make.
John only blinks wordlessly.
“Alright,” Sherlock says and sits across from David at the table, signaling John to join them.
“Where… where’s all this coming from?” John asks.
“Did you know about it?” he asks as he watches Sherlock buzzing around the dark room, passing notes to and from the evidence wall.
“Yes or no, please.” The operator says. “Did you slip a piece of razor blade to Yasser Khoury?”
“Yes.”
“Yeah, how? What did the official investigation come up with?” John asks. “A compound doesn’t fall that easily into enemy hands. Something happened.”
“Then don’t worry. Reporting him to his superior was a clever move, though I’d advise not pulling another trick like that again,” she says coolly. “You-know-who was there when Edwin personally dismissed your friend from the service. He's out of the game.”
“Relax,” she says. “We knew something like this would happen. You prepared for this.”
“Very different from Musa Qala.”
“They wouldn’t hear of it,” Saul says. “Mr. Holmes did agree to perform a few tasks for us while he was away, though. And in return for his
. “He was here and left with clear instructions never to return.”
“You never minded that with Sherlock.”
When he reaches them he steals a pained glance at Alexander who’s still being fussed over by paramedics despite not suffering any actual injuries.
Yelling at John Watson for bleaching his eczema experiment paraphernalia during an off-season spring-clean is justification enough, in Sherlock’s opinion.
“Here I am,
“Gave him a credit card.”
He had tried that a few times since she’d left; he got cold feet every time.
Sherlock stops talking and John turns to look at James. The man's eyes shoot daggers at a horrified Alexander.
“I don’t usually do this.”
“What does all of this have to do with James’ investigation?” Gabriel asks.
“Yeah, great,” he says. “Better… Better tell Liz as soon as possible, then. So they can start looking for somebody else, you know.”
This is the chapter that earned this story the Mature rating + Sherlock/OMC tag, so tread carefully.
“No, not very well. But he and Ernie were close.”
“Yes, most likely. It was just a scheme. It wasn’t ever really about love.” Sherlock says. “The man we saw with Gabriel wasn’t a hired hand, per se. He ran a sort of extortion ring in Surrey harassing local business owners. He demanded money and Gabriel, in his dire financial situation, made some sort of deal with him. Help me get rid of a rich husband and we’ll split the money.”
“A pleasure.” Sherlock takes Thomas’ extended hand, making acquaintances. They chat comfortably for a short minute.
“I see,” David says. “And how did Sherlock respond?”
Sherlock is silent for such a long time after that, John doesn’t expect an answer to his last question.
“A separatist right wing movement,” Sherlock says. “A collection of some of the country's most extreme anti-EU, anti-NATO activists.”
“‘Think so.”
“Yeah. Mary was…”  John says, feeling the confession coming and unable to stop it. “She was many things. I did love her. She was a life raft. But she was never…”
“You’re serious.”
“You’d better not be sleeping, you bastard!” Lestrade says, ripping the door to the sitting room open; he stops in his place so abruptly John is left with no choice but to bump straight into the man’s back. “What the-”
“No sir, I didn’t.”
He stops in his step, moves Rosie closer to him instinctively; the sensation still there. He looks this way and that again until his eyes land on a tall, hooded figure, sitting on a bench at the top of a small hill right above them. It’s a man, sitting motionless, with a hint of a ginger beard and his hands in the hoodie’s pockets. His eyes are hidden behind dark sunglasses.
“I fought in a war. I treated wounded soldiers under enemy fire. I’m better than that.”
He can’t see her eyes from this distance, not really, but there’s a jolt of recognition twisting down his spine as their eyes meet. He buries his hands deeper in his jacket pockets, straightening his back.
Undeterred, Jamie joined the police and was trained to serve as a Police Constable in his wife’s hometown of Chelmsford. Was he dismissed due to health reasons? Seems unlikely, since that would have made him ineligible early in the training process. Following his dismissal, he’d tried his luck in the police headquarters’ vehicle repair shop, but it burned down to the ground within a month of his start date.
He’s glad he gave himself the license to speak more honestly and openly. He feels like it lays the ground for him, and hopefully, makes his job a little easier.
Sherlock is incredibly interested in his soup. “Body parts on display? Exactly my area.”
DI Stella Hopkins is a strong, smart, confident woman. John had met her before and has nothing but good things to say about her.
“You barely leave the house. There’s so much anger in you that you punched a bloody–”
Sherlock turns to look at John, his eyes naked with emotion.
Sherlock shook his head, frustrated with the interruption.
“But how?” John asks. “Stewart knows you’re on to him.”
“They were becoming aware of Abu Nazir’s presence in the Gaza strip.” Mycroft says. “It was unexpected, to say the least. He had all of Afghanistan to hide in; it didn’t make sense for him to move. Gaza is far smaller, restrictive, and most certainly poses him under the very watchful eye of nearly every entity in the region: The Israelis, the Egyptians, Hamas, the Jordanians. The list goes on forever.”
John clears his throat. “Thank you for letting me know, Mycroft.”
“I miss the man I used to be,” David says, staring into the distance. “I’ll never be that person again.”
John just stares at Lestrade.
The incessant ringing in John’s pocket doesn't cease.
"Alright, good." John croaks, unsure how to process.
But he is. Sherlock has done all of that, and more, and it makes John sick.
John chokes on his tea when he sees who’s calling him.
I am a descendant of displaced families who lived in refugee camps; the story of the Calais Jungle is that of the people, not the place.
“Why the hell not?” David says. “That’s all there was to it, really. Do you know why we were sent to Farah in the first place? We were guarding a power plant owned by some Texan. So let me ask you this—if the Americans want to guard their stuff in Afghanistan, why do I need to do it?”
They can't seem to look at each other.
report.
“Teach me,” John says, spreading his hands invitingly.
“That we’ll drift apart. That I'm only useful in some ways, but now that he's… different, I'm not good enough. That he'll have other people in his life and I'll lose my best friend."
“Yes,” Mycroft and Sherlock say simultaneously, exchanging a look of confusion.
“He suggested that I ask if you’d like to join a session. If I’m up for it. And I am. But you don’t have to if you’re uncomfortable.”
“That’s rather rich, coming from a secretary,” the woman says with far too much satisfaction. “Don’t underestimate secretaries. They know
“What did he say?” Sherlock asks.
“No, absolutely not.”
John senses, more than sees or hears, Sherlock’s approaching storm as he enters the bolthole hours later. The man had left yelling at Mycroft about incompetence and somebody dying.
. Tell me what you
“Are you following me?” Aldridge asks, his voice rough.
Mycroft looks at Sherlock, raising a critical eyebrow. Sherlock’s eyes are half-closed; he’s exhausted from the effort of travel and climbing up the stairs to 221B, so no response comes. Mycroft turns his eyes down the hall from Sherlock’s room, watching John making tea, quietly claiming his place back in a home he’d left a lifetime ago.
“No,” Mary says, pulling an A4-sized photograph and a business card out of the diaper bag, “but have you ever heard of Sherlock Holmes?”
“I can think of something right now.”
Sherlock just stares at him, blindsided.
The normally dark streets are slightly more illuminated than usual, decorated with green and red fairy lights. It’s early December. Christmas is coming. Rosie’s first. He should be thinking about presents and Christmas trees, making plans for their first holidays together.
It’s the crack of dawn by the time Sherlock opens the door to Rosie’s room. He picks her up and places her in her cot, taking John’s hand in his.
“Alright. What’s in your attic?”
“Rachel—”
So he was in no rush last night, but he grumbled with frustration when he realized he was doomed to spend the night in a car with no air conditioning to speak of. In this suffocating Mediterranean August heat, passing a night inside the warm, old vehicle was an unappealing concept.
“All I know is that I was asked to make sure you have a working uplink for a video conference with London.” She clicks a few buttons and turns the TV screen on, waiting for an image to appear. “Burekas?” she asks brightly, pointing at the stale-looking pastries in the middle of the table.
“Good.”
“Walk away, Alexander. Slowly and safely.” Lestrade whispers to the headpiece. “Your part is done, it’s time to leave.”
“Do what?”
, he wants to tell Sherlock.
“Corporal, you’re needed for your first briefing.”
New tags were added with the publication of this chapter (the last tags are the most recent).
“That tall lad said I could stay here if I’m willing to help him as long as the missus downstairs is away. Says no one’s using this place and I can sleep in that room upstairs.”
Shocked by Sherlock’s harsh words John swallows, his eyes narrowing with suppressed anger.
He shakes his head at the juvenile thought.
The next morning he wakes on the sofa again. Mary’s steps around the kitchen rouse him in the middle of a dream. She doesn’t wake him this time.
Then he sends another text.
With the wail of a wounded animal, he rose and grabbed the dying man by his dirty vest, pulling him up towards him. Familiar hazel eyes looked at him, unseeing. He choked down a cry and laid the final blow with a bone-shattering punch.
Sherlock’s confident stride attracts onlookers, as always, but he never slows down as he approaches the motley crew awaiting him. There’s a sense of purpose written on his face, one John is far too familiar with. The game isn’t over. Sherlock still has some cards up his sleeve.
John closes his laptop with a sigh. He’s in his old room in Baker Street, where he’s been spending his mornings with Sherlock this week, taking a few days off from the surgery.
Mrs. Holmes is understanding and sends them away with enough baked goods for the rest of the holiday.
“Happy Birthday, John.” Sherlock says with a crooked smile. “Is that one of Mrs. Hudson’s cupcakes?” He crowds in on his phone’s camera, trying to get a better look. John’s breath catches. Sherlock has a small bunch of silver hairs in his curls, next to his right temple. They weren’t there when he left.
“Another?” David asks, raising a hand to signal the bartender.
“What a day,” John says, stepping into the kitchen, surveying whatever damage he’s expecting to find there. “What have you been up to?”
Something changed, and he has no idea how or what it means.
“How about a proper breakfast?” She asks and John tries to insist it’s not necessary but she has none of it. She gets started on it and doesn’t allow John to help.
“Good.” She nods, determined. “Mycroft and I will see you back at the house, then.”
“Not now, John.” He says and John realizes the man isn’t angry. He’s excited. “Get in the car, quickly.”
“Sherlock.”
“I’m a difficult man, detective. He knew that when he married me. He’d known that for a long time, long before he... I have… difficulties. Anger. Traumas. Some periods are better, some are worse.”
Sherlock turns to look at him, pulled away from his Mind Palace while staring out the window. Baker Street is dark and silent. “Go to sleep, John.”
As far as he can tell, Ernie Sutton and John’s father never even knew Sister Sofie; their names aren’t mentioned or hinted at as being on the suspect list. He can’t think of the nun running in the same social circles as the outlier Sutton and John’s father—neither of the Watson children were at Sixth Form age at the time. What’s more, and perhaps more importantly, Mrs. Poole was surprised by the suggestion when contacted about it.
.” His voice has become dangerously low, his eyes narrowing. “What is this, some sort of twisted contest between you and Mary to see who can destroy me first?”
John looks at Sherlock for an answer. Sherlock doesn't look back.
“Thank you for agreeing to talk to me,” John says. “I wasn’t sure if it’s considered proper but I thought I’d give it a try.”
“Oh god.” John whispers and wipes his face. This is too much to unpack right here in the middle of the park. “I can’t... I can’t do this now.” He says faintly. “Rosie, come here.”
Alison walks into the bedroom with a cup of tea. She sits next to David on the bed. He’s relaxed now, albeit hunched in defeat at the end of the mattress. Their backs are, unbeknownst to them, turned to the camera.
“We were...” David swallows. “During observation duty.”
“Aldridge!” Alison continues, upset. “Your own commander!”
“Can’t sleep?” He asks.
“I... I think I’d rather have him stay in hospital.”
“Ezekiel.”
He knows it’s not true; Eva sends regular updates. But he worries over John's silence.
right.
“David, this is...” Sherlock murmurs, lost for words.
“I can’t tell you that right now; not before I have all the details.”
“What news?”
“Hold on. Don’t hang up.”
“Yes or no only, please.” The man says pointedly.
‘You just look after them ’til I get back,’ she said as she left, but by leaving she distorted the balance of it all, the system.
“Is that correct, Sherlock? Is that how you remember things?” David asks and Sherlock nods.
David looks back up at John. “He said that within the first 5 minutes of our session. That means a lot. As a therapist, it’s a clear sign of an important connection.”
“Sherlock Holmes, the detective,” Lottie says. “I told you about him.”
They’re right.
Sherlock raises his eyebrow, expecting John to keep up. “Myself as well as Mummy. She insists this isn’t the time for your arguing, as do I.”
“Do you have any requests for Sherlock? Anything you’d like him to do differently so you don’t feel left behind?”
John stands by the door, straining his ears to listen for signs of distress. But the room is quiet; it might as well be empty, for all John can tell.
That’s what she used to be for him: a smiling, grounding calm in a traitorous world. In the days before the bullet, she would have been his sounding board about everything he discovered that weekend about Sherlock. She would have fixed him with that crooked smile, explaining what an idiot he’s been, what an idiot he
decision-"
John blinks. “Ye— yes.”
“Charming.” John chuckles. “Need any help preparing?”
“Is Billy following him, then?”
John stares into space as he spoons Sherlock in their bed, holding onto him far too tightly. He holds back his sobs as he takes Sherlock’s scent in.
“For giving me the seat. There’s a woman behind you, the one in the purple dress.” The man says and they both watch her through the mirrors installed in front of them. The mirrors reflect the entire establishment. “She wouldn’t stop touching me. Maybe if she sees that I’m not alone she’ll let me go.”
“I came to London to sign divorce papers.” He says.
“Any spots for a first mate open on that ship of yours, Captain?” John murmurs.
“Used to spend a lot of time here?” John teases. Sherlock turns to look at him, his brows furrowed in confusion.
He closes his eyes, his body shivering.
“And it was, wasn’t it?” Sherlock nods. “Compromised that night. You two were weeks away from the end of your tour. You had...
It looks like photography gear: a DSLR camera, a travel tripod, protective gear for the contents of the box.
With a sigh of relief, she goes into the kitchen to make a cup of tea for herself. “What about you?”
David exhales in relief and nods. “Yeah.”
“Sherlock, come on,” John huffs in disbelief. Sherlock's steely expression remains firmly fixed. “Where am I supposed to go, then?”
“Of course,” she nods knowingly, falling silent for a long, stretching moment. “He’s a nice young man, Rory is,” she says with a side-glance. “Isn’t he?”
“Exactly.” Sherlock nos, passing John a pile of documents. Not that Sherlock needs them; everything he says from that point onwards comes from the deep recesses of his brain.
It's been two days since they came back to London. Mary and John are coping by being terribly polite and patient. They tiptoe around each other doing day to day things like shopping and bathing Rosie. Mary assumes they’re gearing up for a confrontation.
“When would you say you were moved from Afghanistan to Gaza?” another officer asks.
“Nosy Rosie. You’ve gotten bigger,” Sherlock whispers and, if John notices Sherlock inhaling her blond hair, he doesn’t say anything.
back.” John says pointedly.
A cuddle isn’t exactly what Rosie needs, and even Sherlock, with no experience with babies to speak of, can detect the misery in the sounds she makes. Mrs. Hudson picks up a toy and offers it, to no avail.
“We’re both being kept under an extremely watchful eye, and I won’t let you take me down with you.” She casts a meaningful look at him. “This is a cause with thousands of willing soldiers, so you need to decide now. Are you in or are you out?”
“Would you like anything to drink?” Edwin asks. “Tea?”
“It appears that you have a mole. Someone gave Magnussen all that information, after all.” He glances quickly from person to person at the table in front of him. “A real whodunnit. I do love those.”
“Come back tomorrow.” The usher nods with a small smile, handing her a brochure as he walks away.
. John shakes his head.
, is what he’d told himself before the wedding. There was Irene Adler, but god help him, John still wasn’t sure what exactly happened there. Sherlock seemed to be pining, but gave no real answers, and after she died her name never came up again.
They thank her again as she turns to leave.
“Oh, no.” He says and chokes on his words. “Believe me, I’m in no position to criticize anyone, let alone you.”
Sherlock's eyes move to the side as he tries to recall this fleeting detail. John can see when the realization hits.
“Why are you here?” He asks matter-of-factly.
“Yes.” Sherlock says. “Yes. Alright. Still, though. I’m thankful that you’re here.”
“Yes.”
There are sounds of beeping devices and sighing respiration machines and the room smells of antiseptic. John knows many people dislike this sensory overload. The smell and sounds of a hospital make most visitors cringe and they feel the need to escape as quickly as possible. It’s all just so sterile, it makes even the most natural interaction with a hospitalized loved one seem forced and unnatural.
“Yes, ma’am.”
John shudders at the thought.
Sherlock looks away.
Sherlock’s face barely flinches. Only John can see it.
woman, smiles brightly one last time as she steps in John’s direction. She leaves behind the scent of a perfume that will, he knows, forever send his gut twisting with memories of meeting John Watson after two long years.
He chokes up when Sherlock raises his head back up, unsuspecting.
John turns to look at Sherlock. Really, really examine him.
“Thank you, again. For… reminding me that there are still a few good people in this world.” James says. “I should go. My driver is waiting.”
John looks away, too emotional to respond.
“As… John and Sherlock,” John swallows. “He doesn’t… do that. Relationships. So… whatever he would have wanted.”
“No underground vaults,” Mycroft says.
“For optics, Dr. Watson, and because I’m a soldier too,” Saul says pointedly. “When my Commander-in-Chief orders me to kill a man who has the blood of more than three-thousand of my countrymen on his hands, I do as I’m told.”
“Hang on a minute, Ro, I’m talking.”
John squirms in his chair as Sherlock closes his eyes tightly as if trying to disappear, remove himself from the conversation.
A memory of Sherlock’s best man speech comes to John's mind.
“Up!” She orders, still chewing on her fingers.
Sherlock places his hands in a thinking position; he closes his eyes and revisits the conversation he’d just heard. David and Elin are bold; they speak openly, right in front of Alison, and it’s extremely convincing. One couldn’t be blamed for being fooled, and if Sherlock hadn’t witnessed their soundless argument near the fountain, he would have ruled out any foul play himself.
John’s smile disappears in a split second. A memory from a few days ago jumps to the front of his mind. ‘Hiking Your Way through South America’, ‘Peaks and Summits in Argentina’.
John snorts when he hears Rosie’s conspiratorial “
“I thought you two were…” John says, attempting a smile and failing miserably. “He’s been all over you.”
“Do you… do you need anything?” She tries a different approach. “Anything from home? I can send you some…” She stops.
And suddenly David is close, so close, and Sherlock’s mind swims- drowns - with the onslaught of David's familiar scent as it fills his nostrils, his lungs. It was only ever just the two of them in Gaza for so long, never knowing if and when they’ll be discovered or rescued from one minute to the next. The electricity would go out for hours on end in the city, and they had to survive the warm, endless nights in pitch darkness. It was all they could do to not lose their minds.
away from the drinks at the gala.”
“What?”
Sherlock blinks in surprise, angry at his lack of control over the camera. He takes a quick screenshot of the image on the screen and zooms in on it as David browses through the various items inside the secret compartment; more photos, more pieces of paper, small square aluminium packets.
John listens to Sherlock’s footsteps as he heads downstairs, shutting his eyes tightly.
He wakes abruptly minutes later, his body noticing a change in terrain underneath the car’s wheels. Disorientated, he blinks in surprise and scans his surroundings.
“Of course.” Sherlock beams at Rosie. It’s a sincere smile - John knows when he sees one. It relaxes him a bit. “Are we off to the park then, Watson?”
It landed in his phone shortly after midnight. John, exhausted from a long day at the surgery and a battle of wills with Rosie come bedtime, didn’t see it till morning.
John goes tense; Sherlock’s eyes sharpen even further, if that is at all possible.
Which is how he finds himself staring at John, standing in the entryway with the baby wriggling angrily in her carrier.
“Have a nice evening, Mr. Quinn.”
It’s a gory scene. The floor is covered with newly dried blood, the smell overpowering inside the room. Khoury’s shoes and clothes are spread haphazardly around his body—discarded carelessly by the paramedics who treated him.
“My brother is on a plane from Frankfurt as we speak. He’s due to land in London any minute.”
“That could take a while, too,” Mycroft says. “There haven’t been any living POWs since the second world war, and bureaucracy tends to slow these things down.”
“Stop loitering, John.” Sherlock’s deep droll proves John’s guess was correct. These days, Sherlock smokes like a chimney, up the roof of the derelict hotel.
“Alexander.”
“Argentina?” John swallows. “With Michael?”
“Maybe tomorrow, if you’re still in town?” John asks.
His heart stops when he reads it.
“Not when it involves Julie Andrews.” John chuckles. “Didn’t know you hike.”
“What’s he doing there?”
“What do you think is going on?” Sherlock says petulantly. “Mr. Adams and I are rehearsing.”
“I don’t.”
"Eh," Saul grunts dismissively. “Don’t worry about it. Had a couple of hours to kill before my train and these guys always spoil me with extra scampi.”
They’ve been texting with Mrs. Hudson and they’re sensing her melancholy over spending the holiday alone. They were supposed to be there with her this year, but the last-minute change of plans meant that she couldn’t make any in hers.
His brain is silent for ten full seconds. Then..
“Are you alright?”
John sighs.
Sherlock bites his lip with frustration, “A successful one.”
). Her choice of emailing The Science of Deduction inbox is certainly intriguing.
“Oh my god,” Mary sighed. “This isn’t how I’d imagined it, at all.”
His neck is, too. The gun is digging into his side, the metal frozen against his body.
“You forget I follow his every move,” Sherlock says. “He remembered you offered a listening ear. Wants to meet up tomorrow night. You said you’ll get back to him.”
birthday?”
Some things were his own doing, that's true. That's life. No one is perfect and being family means it's your job to help them survive, carry the heavy load - not blame them for their own faults.
Sherlock thinks but doesn’t say.
Lestrade knows a grumpy John Watson when he sees one, and digs in a little deeper. Hesitant, John shares the very essential details of what’s been going on with the detective. Just general details - he doesn’t want to hurt Sherlock’s privacy. While John’s speaking, he sees a flicker of recognition in Lestrade’s eyes.
“What’s that?”
Sherlock doesn’t miss a beat. He crashes his lips to John’s; the kisses are hungry and fierce and they cling to each other as if their lives depend on it.
“Listen, Sherlock. If this is about the kiss then I’m sorry-”
“He stuck a screwdriver in my thigh and twisted it for hours upon hours,” David says. “Then urinated on the wound.”
“They really are fascinating.” Sherlock blurts stupidly, undone by the look in John’s eyes.
Sherlock nods, because a threatening John has always been a highly-effective motivator, and Sherlock’s not the kind of man to throw baby-toting army doctors from his flat. His best hope remains that this one-time visit doesn't ruffle any bottle-blonde feathers.
John frowns, his eyes shooting up to Sherlock’s. “I’m- I’m leading.”
His muscles screamed as he picked the shovel up, gaining momentum.
Who does someone in that situation turn for help to?
I cherish every comment, so please leave one 🐝
“Good.” Sherlock tries to hide the smile.
“Right,” he says distractedly and shrugs, having deduced the woman far too many times in the past months.
Sherlock just blinks. He looks at the ground without a word.
“Yes.” David nods.
"What..." he gasps. "What hapened?"
Their phones ping.
“Pick something, anything on YouTube...” He places Rosie in Sherlock’s lap, arranging the two against each other. “Just be yourself and make her feel like you’re here for her. And watch her head!” He finishes, admiring his handiwork.
“They’re terrible!”
John moves quietly, distractedly, since he can’t hear Mycroft’s response.
“Was just on my way out,” Gemma says, her heavy bag hanging off her shoulder. She steps in, handing Mary a Jiffy envelope. “Jenny asked if I would pass this along.”
“You wanna talk about luck?” Aldridge, wobbling, stands up, holding on just barely to the table. “Let’s talk about my luck. About how I lost half a leg because of you and Palmer, you two cocksucking—”
John smiles. “It would’ve. It absolutely would have.”
“Alright?” He asks.
Sherlock nods and John closes the door behind him. He moves quietly and plants himself by Sherlock’s side. He wants to lay a comforting hand on him, to hug him, but Sherlock is coiled like a spring.
John swallows. He's fraternizing with the enemy. “Wouldn’t something like that be an assumption David might call on you to challenge?”
. He looks like he’s aged a decade in the span of less than a week.
“Have you ever thought your feelings towards Alexander were reason enough for him to become troubled, to be less cooperative in therapy?” John asks.
"Sherlock and I talked about those incidents extensively." David turns to Sherlock, who nods, his movement barely noticeable. He's looking away from John as much as he possibly can. "You apologized to Sherlock, he mentioned that."
“David—”
He shakes his head to stop this philosophical brooding. He turns to Sherlock and asks softly, hoping for a truce.
The worst part of it all was the insufferable little changes that took place while he was gone. From the skull that Mrs. Hudson moved an inch to the left, to the new people who moved into the flat across from him on Baker Street, to a wholly different John. For this new John, nothing Sherlock said was the right thing. The things that used to make John laugh before he’d left, suddenly made him angry and spiteful.
Sherlock nods wordlessly.
Sherlock smiles a bright, winning smile. “I may have blown it up and blamed my professor for it.”
“Yes, John. I am,” Sherlock admits and clears his throat. “It’s not easy.”
“Ah.” John says and smiles at her. “Did Priya give you another biscuit?”
“Knock-knock?”
Some more visual aid -
"I'm afraid our father is quite ill, Dr. Watson." Mycroft says, handing John a tablet. When John looks at the screen he sees a medical file. John’s well-trained doctor’s eyes scan the details and the image becomes clear very quickly.
“No,” Sherlock says. “They brought him to the safehouse. I was the first British person he’d met in nearly a decade.”
“That’s not what I mean. Is there someone? Are you going with someone? Or... meeting someone there?” John's voice is hard as steel. He’s angry and humiliated and tired. “Tell me the truth, please.”
he thinks.
“No.” Sherlock says firmly.
“What made them suspicious?”
“Yes, I suppose he did.”
?” he asks David, who bites his upper lip wordlessly.
“Naturally, the Queen would like to thank the Corporal for his sacrifice,” Lady Smallwood says. “He deserves it.”
It’s not the actual act of separation, of single fatherhood that bothers him. It’s the prospect of the loneliness that he’ll be doomed for for the rest of his life. He’s never opening himself up for anyone else, another relationship, ever again—what good would that do, when he keeps falling for psychopaths who lie and hurt him?
He turns around to look at the spindly bed behind him and examines his bags, then scans the room to ensure he leaves nothing behind him once he’s given the green light to leave.
David looks around, hesitant. “Sir…”
John’s lip twitches just barely. “That’s not necessary.”
“Answer him,” Sherlock says impatiently.
," Sherlock shot at him, the sounds grating at his nerves.
“Tell him I’ll meet him in London tomorrow,” he says resolutely, showing her the door. “I won't take no for an answer.”
“Nothing,” John says, “nothing. It’s just… there’s you, and there’s Mary, and between the two of you… every so often I get this glaring reminder that I don’t really know anything about you. None of the important stuff.”
John swallows. “Do what?”
“Already?”
When they’re finally out on the street, the air cold and crisp, Aldridge turns sharply, suddenly and looks at John, his gaze clear and measuring.
“Whatever beef I have with Stewart, I’ll deal with it myself,” Aldridge says. “And trust me that I will, one day. He’ll get what he deserves, I’ll make sure of that.”
“I’ll text you later.” John says as he stares at a stumped looking Sherlock. He turns and walks away with Rosie in his arms.
“Then you should tell them that.” John says with a small, reassuring smile. His hand moves to Sherlock’s back, guiding him forward. “Lunch? Well, early dinner, rather.”
“You never found his body, did you?”
Obviously. Tell Watson she’s invited to dinner the day after tomorrow. -SH
"Good shot." Sherlock stage whispers, a crooked smile making an appearance on his face.
They're not immortal. They won't live together, forever. He wakes up every day hoping to die before Sherlock does so he doesn't have to experience living in a world without Sherlock Holmes ever again.
“That’s what I said, boy.” The uncle says, affronted.
“Did he have anything substantial on you? Any red flags?”
“You weren’t a father before, John,” Sherlock says and the pleading in his voice stops John in his tracks. He blinks for a beat, taken aback by Sherlock’s unexpected thoughtfulness.
. He thinks and adds another item to his endless Rosie-worries list.
“Was it Rachel Clarke?”
John nods again, his brows furrowed as though reaching down to the depths of his brain, racking it for clues.
“Lovely weather today for it, isn’t it, darling?”
Not with a bang but with a weak, suffocating fizzle.
“Ah, yes of course.” Mycroft says in mock. “The unsinkable Mrs. Hudson.”
John thinks when he hears Sherlock talk about having an open relationship with an American called Michael. “Apparently it’s a thing and he went on and on about it for about 40 minutes one day. I had to kiss just to shut him up about it.”
It’s a minor miracle Sherlock achieved everything he had achieved so far. It’s a wonder he’d let anyone like John in at all.
“John?” Sherlock calls him. “John?”
Mary not only fooled him that first night they met, she blinded him. And he, fuelled by the desire to pacify John’s anger, let himself be fooled so willingly, just so he could keep John by his side.
“What?” he whispers and moves to leave the bed quickly, hastily.
They drive, rather than walk, using Mrs. Holmes' car. The drive is longer than expected, John realized. The village is not as small as thought it to be. Sherlock's driving without a map, clearly recollecting small paths and unpaved roads. John can see that he scans the houses and the people walking by. He wonders how much Sherlock remembers from this place; whether he recognizes old faces or noticing new ones. Is this a nostalgic drive for him? Is he uncomfortable here as he seems to be uncomfortable in most places?
“I had a plan,” John says, unprompted. “I had some discussions with Mycroft about meeting up with her at some point. To talk and negotiate some sort of retrieval plan for her. A sort of witness protection scheme - she’ll give Mycroft information about her old life, and he’ll protect her. I wanted her to promise Sherlock was safe, that she’ll cooperate in finding a way to share custody over Rosie.”
“It’s quite alright,” John says.
“Is it what you expected?” Sherlock asks. “Being a father?”
Rosie’s beautiful laughter causes everyone at the park to turn their heads for a split second, raising smiles on every stranger’s face. She’s easily excitable; every bird, every dog, every squirrel sends her cackling in childish, innocent delight.
“I’m just saying—”
“Shut up.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He looks around, finding her perched against the sofa right by his feet. She babbles to herself, grasping the edge of the sofa with one chubby hand.
“Right, good,” she says, relieved. “Did you get a chance to go over the—”
In a flash of curiosity, Sherlock comes close enough to feel their joint breaths on his cheek; under the spell of REM sleep, their eyes move simultaneously, undisturbed. He steals another glance at Rosie; the crease between her barely-visible eyebrows—the one she so obviously inherited from her father—has disappeared for now.
“Sherlock?” Lestrade asks and the man barely nods back, confirming the details. “I’m sorry to hear about your father.”
John chuckles and schleps himself up to his room, throwing a careless ‘Ta, ta’ over his shoulder, taking with him the answers to Sherlock’s questions.
Sherlock lowers his eyes. “She deserved it, John.” He says. “You deserve it.”
“But then… The divorce... and with all the news recently, everything started coming back to me.”
, he thinks, pressing the speed dial button for the only number programmed into it.
“Mary called you five times.”
“The baby, John.” Sherlock says simply. “You can’t walk away from the baby.”
“How dare y-” Sherlock scoffs, “
“Listen, I’m sorry mate. I wanted to tell you before you heard it someplace else.” Lestrade says.
John sighs, unsure how to behave around Sherlock’s mother who still sits next to him. Finally, the woman gets up herself.
John’s breath catches when Aldridge scans him from head to toe, his stature tall and looming despite the cane.
“Cor.” The young makeup artist steals a critical side glance at his pasty face. “You could use some sunshine, love.”
John grinds his teeth at the impasse, deflating. Because that's not why he's so riled up, is it? There was much more disturbing part of the conversation he'd just overheard than Sherlock's little lie.
Sherlock’s breath catches in surprise, David’s words hitting him like a moving truck.
“I don’t care that you don’t know. I wouldn’t have.” John says. “I only ever needed to know that you wanted to. That you do… feelings. We’d have figured it out.”
It’s when he looks to his left that his breath catches. What he finds on the wall is clearly a sign of
James shakes his head, resigned.
“Dr. Watson, do you happen to know my brother’s whereabouts?”
“Look, I get that you’re—” John sniffs angrily.
“Sherlock, if this is about yesterday…”
“Why?”
“No… Sherlock was out on a walk at the time.” John says, not sure how to answer Lestrade’s first question. Lestrade doesn’t give up though and looks expectantly.
Edwin presses a button before he speaks. “Go ahead, we’re ready.”
“Don’t tell me I misunderstood,” John says. “No, don’t turn me into an idiot, for once in your life. You did say it, because... you said things are different for him. How are they different?”
“No,” Sherlock mumbles, distracted. “Thank you.”
He’d fallen asleep on the frozen ground once—
“Sholto’s been released from observation. They’re taking him in for questioning as we speak.” He says and rushes towards his room to get dressed.
“We were never interrogated together,” David says. “So I’m… I’m not sure.”
“Yeah,” John says rather dumbly, trying desperately to catch up.
Sherlock’s heart drops. John is serious, he knows he is. John will not come back. He won’t come over for cases and dinners and movie nights.
“Yes. I’m afraid so.” He nods. “Is that alright?”
Smithy said Sherlock wouldn’t be coming back for the night, but he 's not leaving. He’s finally here, and he’d rather not miss a chance to see him. For all he knows Sherlock could be changing boltholes every other day.
“You don’t leave again,” he says. “You do what you need to do to solve this bloody case and then we solve
He closes his eyes in defeat, despite himself, unable to push down the fear slowly enveloping his heart like a cold wind, sneaking up on him like a ghost from the past.
“We knew where Bin Laden was for years before we killed him,” he says, shaking his head at John's surprised glance. "We told the world that we didn't but in truth, every morning for half a decade I walked into my office for a debrief about what he ate for breakfast and which of his wives he’d fucked the night before. Every other week the president would call, biting my head off for not killing the fucker.”
“Rosamund.” Sherlock says with a hint of pride.
“A Facebook post goes a long way these days,” John suggests kindly. “Perhaps in one of those Chelmsford groups. Wouldn’t mind posting on my blog, if that helps.”
Only one chapter left..
do that.”
“Not sure that plan should involve me meeting up with him again.”
“I know the feeling,” Sherlock says, looking down and away.
“Why did you divorce James?” Sherlock asks bluntly, never one for beating around the bush.
“What happened here?” James asks, resigned.
“Mira’s latest publications.”
“Apologize?”
, he wants to tell Sherlock though he knows the other man knows that.
“Oh, we’re done,” David says, rushing in the direction of his car. “If you want to arrest me, get a warrant and come to my house.”
He thought he'd been getting somewhere when he sent John to flirt with Henry's therapist, but Dr. Frankland proved to be an unexpected interruption. This derailed Sherlock's plans and he needed more time to reconsider and strategize.
“That’s not uncommon, for guest speakers to feel somewhat intimidated by speaking in universities, but don’t let that deter you. Worst-case scenario, you earn a return trip to Austria. If you don’t mind the freezing temperatures, it’s lovely this time of year.”
It takes John no more than twenty minutes to begin dozing in his chair, just as Sherlock had predicted. He listens to the sound of John’s breathing, the repetitive cadence of it familiar, comforting.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You’re…” John starts. “Spying on the man in his own house?”
“No, thank you. I’m alright,” John says, bracing himself for whatever it is he knows is coming. Things are never good when he’s called into Mycroft’s office; they’re not here for tea and scones.
“Both are online transactions. Makes sense in the case of an escort service perhaps, not the hotel. He was right there, why would he pay online and not at the reception?”
“No. No,” he begged, out of breath, his voice barely a whisper.
Lyons is advised to fire no less than five lighting technicians and one secretary (“She’s sleeping with your curator as well as your accountant.” “But… the curator and the accountant are married”. “I know.”). He’s being brilliant as ever, and Mr. Lyons seems to think so as well.
“Sholto’s still at the hotel, being questioned. Not very cooperative, it seems he's been knocked out for more than 24 hours. I asked if they can hold him a bit longer for us.” Lestrade reports. “The body is on its way to the mortuary as we speak.”
By the time they arrive the ITU unit is quiet with the lack of activity typical to early afternoon.
“Is this the clinic?” Lestrade asks and Sherlock nods.
“Yes, I do, actually.” Sherlock says. “He met up with Rachel Clarke today, Corporal Palmer’s sister. She’d invited him for a memorial service she’s been planning for a while, but was holding out for a final confirmation from David.”
John closes his eyes, knowing full well where the story was going from there.
“He doesn’t mean me, John,” Sherlock says. “He means escorts, paid services.”
John gives the question a long consideration. “I’d like to know what’s going with you. If I can’t be a part of this… new life of yours, I’d like to still hear about it. We went through so many horrible things together. I’d like to be a part of the good things too. I can… live with that, I suppose. Being in the dark… that’s the hardest part for me.”
“It was… off-putting. For a long time.” He bites his lips as he considers his next words. “Mary knew, I think.”
“His oldest son was taken out of his bedroom one night. Weeks later his family began receiving his body parts in small plastic bags. Not to mention what happened to his parents, to his wives, to his poor brothers and sisters.” Sherlock leans forward and spreads additional photos all over the table. The contents are so gruesome Khoury looks away in disgust.
He can tell Sherlock is listening, so he braves through, almost whispering.
“Yes. I admit I haven’t been myself lately. I suppose I didn’t realize how bad things had become.” James says.
Mary hums knowingly.
. Could James really resort to something like that?
“I remember. That was brilliant too.” David drags his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, finally rendering him speechless. He licks his way down Sherlock's jaw, tongue circling his skin in a tortuorous motion. Sherlock’s hands move to David’s waist and drag him closer, giving in to his body’s demand to rut against another’s.
“There’s something else in the envelope,” she says, jutting her chin.
He turns the light on in the utility room and blinks as it comes on. Taking his gun out of its holster he moves the coats and umbrellas away to expose the safe. It’s an old mechanical one he’d had installed a few days short of Rosie’s birth, remembering in a panic that he’d somehow neglected an important part of baby proofing.
John shuffles uncomfortably somewhere in his general vicinity.
“What?!”
She nods back, her lips tight in expectation.
John needs a second to swallow the spicy noodles as he processes the question. “About the training?”
“You’re late,” he admonishes Mary when she finally comes in through the door. He checks his pockets, making sure he’s not forgetting anything important.
“John, my discussions with Sherlock are confidential, but there are parts of this process you became a part of by choosing to participate. If Sherlock had asked for my advice about leaving the way he did, I would have advised strongly against it. He and I still have a lot of work to do, but that's not the only reason. Only recently have I told him, in your presence, that he’ll have to work hard to regain your trust.”
“No. I don’t know. Is it?” John looks up, just as confused. Before Sherlock has a chance to respond he shoves a pair of chopsticks in his hands. “Eat up. Come on.”
“So why not tell me? We had all this time on our own. Why can’t you once let me in?”
“And what about your opinion? You get an equal say in this.”
He wipes his face in frustration when the lorry doesn’t move, but a sudden movement catches his eyes. A man walks out of the car park, looking around, down the street.
She pats his hand sympathetically.
"It is what it is." John's voice is cold and final. Then he takes a big breath. "Uh, I’m tomorrow, six ’til ten. I’ll see you then."
“Text him back and tell him the truth,” Sherlock says. “Say that you can’t make it tomorrow after all. I’d rather we stick with our original plan. I want David surprised, out of his element.”
. He can’t actually see her, what with his vision has gone black.
“You rest, now.” She pats his hand one last time, covering him with a blanket. He resigns himself to the powerful wave of pain medication doing its job. Right on time. “There you go.”
“Saul Berenson? What about him?”
“John-” Sherlock starts.
“What’s that?”
He rolls his eyes, adding on a suffering sigh for good measure.
“These are... new!” Mary says in disbelief.
“I know someone you can trust, a cryptographer,” Sherlock says hurriedly, completely unfazed by Mycroft’s scepticism. “He owes me a favour and would be discreet about it.”
