Sherlock stands and walks into the other room to grab something (hopefully, not a dead body part). John catches the faintest glimpse of a smirk.
“Hi.” Her reply comes out with a relieved laugh. “I am so sorry, John. I hope everything’s really alright. H-how’s Rose?”
Harry took a breath to answer him and realized… “Oh, shit!” She ran back into the living room as fast as she could to retrieve her phone.
The four of them stay there, waiting for the others to speak first. Harry decides to break the silence.
It strikes Harry every time she sees her father how much he and John look alike. Yet they're different. Polar opposites, really, not including the anger issues.
John turns his head around in surprise. Sherlock has his eyes glued to the table, posture slumped like it usually is when he's bored and trying to contain himself, robe hanging on the back of his chair. John gives him an annoyed look. "Why?" He wasn't even going to ask if or how he knew who was calling. Sherlock obviously knew. Of course he did.
Harry sighs, "Well, I don't have any kids. You know this." Harry and Clara weren't married for very long. They never got around to considering...anything involving children. And there wasn't much of a chance of Harry getting pregnant because of some random guy. Plus, Harry didn’t think she was very good with children.
She falls silent, reminiscing in her sad love story. Then realizes something, "Oh. I'm sorry. I shouldn't say that since you're with someone right now, huh?" Harry chuckles softly, "How is that going, by the way?"
The front door opens slowly as Harry steps back to leave room for them to enter. “Hi.” She says, nervously looking between her brother and his daughter and his...Sherlock.
She hasn't felt this sting for years but it's just as terrifying as she remembers. Harry stumbles back from the blow and covers her cheek with her hand.
"I mean, your life seems great. You deserve that. And you seem happy! As you should be." Her gaze drifts to the toddler outside. "Look at her. You have a really cute kid, and I hate kids so that's a big compliment. You've done well for yourself. And...you're not exactly
John lets out a little laugh and walks over to the couch in the next room. Harry closes and locks the front door.
“Oh, dear. Yes b-but I am alright! N-nothing happened, sweetheart. I just…” She hesitates but continues with a more worried tone. “Wait, he didn’t...? Are you OK? What happened?!”
Harry lowers her voice but keeps a firm tone, "John, he's never hit you. I don't want that to start now. Not ever!"
Flashbacks of bruises and long sleeves in the summer fill her head. And suddenly there's a voice from behind yelling "Get the hell away from her!"
Harry flinches. "OK. But if you have something to say, just say it. I'd hate to take up too much of your time."
“You’ll think of something. Besides, I’m sure she’ll spend most of the evening looking at Rosie, anyway. Most people do.” Sherlock didn’t expect that to happen this time, but he needed to say something to put John at ease.
"There weren't a lot but when things were good, they were really good, John, you have no idea. But maybe that's the natural progression for all relationships. Maybe they all end like this..."
“Oh, please, none of that! Call me Lilian. You know, we really should meet someday! Maybe I should join you for the next reunion.”
John stammers "T-that's alright. Yeah. Would you mind if I brought...my..." he searches for the right word. He fails to say it out loud. It's still new and, though wonderful, confusing. Sherlock's lips curve upwards slightly as John awkwardly looks away.
John looks down at the phone in his hand with a solemn expression. He takes a steadying breath and answers it.
Harry tugged at the hem of her dark blue T-shirt. She had tried on three outfits that day for her reunion. The first was a flowery sundress she had gotten tired of years ago but still held on to (
He hesitates for a second, startled. "Yeah," John says in (what he hopes to be) a happy tone, "We could. I'm sure Rosie would love that." He looks back at Sherlock. He's still sitting in the same place, just slightly turned in John's direction. Sherlock's face is open, inquisitive.
When she starts rambling, it's slow, like she's searching for the perfect words to string together. "Y'know, a part of me hates her. But there will always be something there. I'll always love Clara, I know that. And it hurts. 'Cause I held on to the good times. There weren't a lot but when things were good, they were really good, John, you have no idea. But maybe that's the natural progression for all relationships. Maybe they all end like this..."
When I wake up the second time that day, I find myself surprised that I didn’t dream more, and that it’s already 6 am. He would probably correct me now, saying that humans dream every night and just happen to forget most of it, but he’s not. Here, I mean. I try to think of something else, as Ella advised me to, but it takes up all my energy to do so. It’s like when you have to pee and everyone tells you to think about anything else other than water, water is the only thing you can think about. And for the last six months, he has been my water. I get up, get dressed, go to the bathroom and straight into the kitchen to make breakfast. It’s a schedule I settled on with Ella. A routine in my life that keeps everything organised and planned. Planning every minute of the day leaves no room for thoughts. I prepare my bagel with a military drill I perfected at the army. Usually, I would look at the calendar now to check for any appointments, but today I avoid looking at it. Seeing the date is too painful. It’s not like it isn’t marked on my brain anyway.
“Well, I don’t know, maybe, yeah, because you reacted like you were... It’s nothing to be ashamed of.” I try to make sense but I think I somehow make it worse, going by Sherlock’s look. Why can’t he just admit it? I can take this. Is he trying to spare my feelings?
John only nods. He eyes Sherlock with a curious, yet distant look and Sherlock has to look away. It’s already too much to bear.
John has to think about what Sherlock means for a second before nodding enthusiastically.  “Yeah, definitely. Who was that?”
He was pulled from this revelation with the sound of a door opening downstairs. Quickly, he put the ring back on and rushed downstairs. Sherlock and Rosie were sitting on the living room floor, both with ice-cream in hand. John’s heart missed a beat at the sight of Sherlock.
He dared to look up at Sherlock and was surprised at the lack of anger in his features. Sherlock seemed… confused.
Suddenly I realise that I’m still holding his hand, and release it immediately. Sherlock briefly stares at me before rushing towards the street, leaving me in the dark.
Once they’ve reached the metal giant, Miller forcefully pushes Sherlock up the tiny stairs. With his feet still tied together, Sherlock practically has to jump up each step, which hurts like hell. The tight grip on Sherlock’s arm doesn’t help, either. Closer now, Sherlock can hear the rushing sound of water filling up inside. Once they are on top of the tank, Miller opens the heavy screw to reveal a flood of water. The entrance is small enough for a single person and Sherlock desperately tries to think of a way to push Miller inside, who still has him in his grip.
Sherlock can think of nothing to say.  At his side, John moves fractionally closer, offering the comfort of proximity.
He does cry out, in the end.  Just when he thinks he’s reclaimed control over the transport, Sherlock feels John lose patience as his hand pushes Sherlock’s aside and takes the lead.  Sherlock shudders and presses his closed fist to his mouth, determined to keep silent, but he knows it’s a losing battle.  John works him with sure strokes, thumb darting out to rub the tip of his prick, catching the bead of precome there and spreading it over the sensitive head.  Finally,
Sherlock is about to reply when a voice pierces their bubble with the cold edge of an icicle.  “Bloody hell. Is that Sherlock Holmes I see?”
“I don’t think so,” said Mary.  Her fingers darted across the blanket’s downy edge.  “Might be this.  It’s starting to pill – see?  We should get her a new one.”
“Oh,” John breathes.  He slips off his shoes and crosses the room, eyes fixed on Sherlock.  Sherlock’s heart begins to drum against his sternum as John leans down, brushes aside the lapels of the dressing gown.  “Well.  Hello, gorgeous.”
Later, ensconced in Sherlock’s bed, John mumbles a confession into the dark. “You’re a dream, you know.  You really are.”
The rest of the evening follows in much the same fashion – Sophie makes her displeasure at Sherlock known, and John conveniently ignores it.  When John hands her over and goads Sherlock into giving her the bottle, she turns away, face scrunched.  When John holds her around the waist and pantomimes walking her toward Sherlock, Sherlock can swear he sees her little heels dig in.  Sherlock is beginning to suspect that Sophie is less a combination of DNA than a mixture of Molly and Greg’s condensed annoyance at him over the years: honed to a snotty, wailing edge.
“It’s a book reference,” Greg mumbled.  “Been reading loads of children’s books lately.”  He raised his voice and answered, “It’s from Paddington Brown!”
John’s fingers squeeze around his, water sluicing warm and wet down their wrists.  “I’m right here, Sherlock.  I’m not going anywhere.”
A buzz cut through his reverie, and he tugged his cellphone out of his pocket to study the screen.  The text was from an unknown number, though the country code was from the United Kingdom.  Bemused, he thumbed the screen open and read on:
They sit for a time in silence, watching the swans glide across the Serpentine.  They are resident swans, never migrating, always at home in London.  Together for life, a pair as immutable as the city itself.
John thumbed through his Recent Calls list and tapped on an unmarked contact.  Raised the phone to his ear.  Listened as the tone droned on, on, on.  A part of him was itching for an answer; another part hoped the phone would never be answered.
John glanced around the empty flat, the tension of their break-in honing into cold, clear purpose.  The shift from confused man into predatory redcap was captivating, like watching a lion sunning itself on a rock, only to rise and stretch, tongue lolling, before it pounced.
Sherlock continued as if John hadn’t spoken.  “The bullet broke through the window and struck her in the left temple.”  He tapped the side of his head to illustrate.  “She slumped, and I—I didn’t think, so I.  Caught her.”  His eyes flicked to the sheet and back to John.  “I didn’t want her to fall down.”
Sherlock winds his arms around John’s shoulders and cants his hips, feeling his clothed, hardening cock press against the placket of John’s trousers.  John bites his lip, face flushing.  His mouth moves, words lost in the thumping, throbbing din of techno music blaring through the dark hall.  Sherlock reads his lips: an admonishment,
“In a meeting.”  Sherlock doesn’t elaborate, and Ferguson has enough sense to cut straight to the case.
Sherlock was dead for two years.  Sherlock pitched himself off a building and broke against the pavement and Sherlock
intrigued by the robber’s methods.  The vault had, from all appearances, been completely untouched.  No security camera footage, no incorrectly-entered codes, no alternative route of entry.  The theft was so seamless that Sherlock suspected an inside job.
John – Father?  Dr. Watson? – has aged more noticeably.  The author picture in his latest book is recent, but shot in black in white, it shaves years off his true age.  His hair is all silver now, groomed in a way that seems both stylish and sensible.  He’s dressed in a cardigan that looks both cozy and well-made.  He, too, bears wrinkles that speak of happy years.  A little pang strikes under my ribs, making me feel selfish.  I shouldn’t hold giving me up and having a happy life against him.
Alex Woodbridge.  The Golem (surprisingly a human, though without his second sight, Sherlock would have mistaken him for some kind of fairy).  The Vermeer painting.  The child’s voice, counting down from ten.
Sherlock’s fingers curl over the porcelain enamel lip of the tub.  “About you saving me?  I certainly won’t disagree.”
Moments later, Mary appeared in the doorway.  Her cheeks were pink with the chill of March and her hair was tousled from the wind.  “Hello, lovey,” she cooed, offering her finger to Rosie.  The baby seized it with a gurgle.  Glancing at John, Mary said, “Sorry.  I didn’t think Helen would keep me so long.”
“Right.”  The levity in John’s tone is carefully-calculated to minimize suspicion, and that math captures Sherlock’s interest.  “Any interesting dreams?”
“We don’t have to,” says John, but his hand slips under Sherlock’s t-shirt to flatten against his stomach.  A terrible restraint thrums through his body.  “If—if you aren’t up to it.”
“You played… well, it was.  Nice.”  John smiles briefly, tightly.  “Thanks for that.  I know parties aren’t usually your thing, but I… appreciate it.”
He’s new to the job, clearly a bit green, and Sherlock wants to snarl at him, but that would take away precious seconds from watching John.  He contents himself with laying a hand on John’s and twisting their fingers together.  Listening past the thunder of his heartbeat in his ears, listening as John fills his lungs and the reedy whistle fades.
He was lost for several minutes, dragged into a riptide of delirious, incandescent mirth.  If anyone on the pavement below had looked up and seen him standing at the window – wheezing, giggling, hands covering his face, tears streaming between the gaps in his fingers – they would have thought him a madman.  They would have quickened their pace, eager to put as much distance between themselves and the raw, wild emotion in human skin.  Base instinct would brand him as
“Watson,” Sherlock says.  Startling, she looks back at him, but she makes no attempt to hide the thoughts playing across her face.  She’s too young and too candid for that kind of deception.  “I don’t think Father Christmas brings mums down the chimney.”
a hum, it isn’t at all.  John’s weariness vanishes and he sits upright, an irrepressible smile tugging at his lips.  “Oh, Sherlock.”
“Oh!”  Blinking hard, she rubbed her thumb across John’s knuckles.  “I’m sorry, John, I just… I don’t know, it must be the hormones.  The fact that she’s here, and no longer a part of me…”  She shrugged and chuckled.  “You must think I’m being very silly.”
Sherlock twisted in his chair, frowning at the mazikeen.  “And give you and Lestrade ammunition to humiliate me? I think not.”
“Right,” Sherlock says.  He pushes back his chair and stands.  A drunk Molly, he decides, is both formidable and horrifying to behold.  “I’ll go check on John and Gilligan, shall I?”
“No,” says John, “not that.  I’m talking about when she said your risk-taking would catch up with you.  She was right.”
“Sherlock.”  John didn’t know what to say.  Uncertainty warred with anger.  Here was Sherlock after a month of total silence – high on God-knows-what, and with one foot lowering into the grave.  John settled for anger. “What the
Sherlock closed the folder and tossed it onto the seat beside Mycroft with a flap.  “And you want me to find him.  So very sorry, but I’m busy.  Besides, my last trip to Eastern Europe wasn’t exactly a treat.”
He swept into the sitting room, shoulders hunched to slip off the Belstaff—and stopped.  Rosamund’s baby bag sat in John’s chair, nylon handle peeping over the arm.  A corner of blanket protruded from inside the bag, meaty and pink.  The zipper was caught in the felt.
- and lifted them to his mouth.  John’s eyes were dark, fathomless oceans as he watched Sherlock lick his fingers clean.
“A soldier,” Sherlock said.  “Former soldier, of course.”  He nodded at Alexander’s right leg.  Then he paused, eyes narrowed as details emerged.  “You were injured in the army several years ago – ten at the outside.  You walk without a cane, which means you’ve had time to adjust to your altered gait.  The callouses on your right palm and fingers are faded, but they indicate experience with handguns.  I’ve studied callous patterns caused by the Sig Sauer L106A1 model extensively, and they’re a dead ringer for yours.”
“Oh, dear.”  Mrs. Hudson cringed.  “Well, you’ll have him out soon enough, Sherlock.  I would love to stay and chat, but I really must be down to the bakery…”
Mrs. Hudson gave him a put-upon look.  She made a bit of a show of looking at the IV bag hanging at John’s bedside and arched an eyebrow.  “Strong stuff, that.  You forget when you haven’t tried in a while.  Herbal soothers only go so far.”
“Christ,” Lestrade mutters.  “Why’ve people got to do fucked-up things during the holidays?  Whatever happened to
Eirene’s voice, cutting through the foliage like sharpened steel.  “Maili, give him back to me!  Give me back my sweetling!”
DI Ferguson rings Sherlock to arrange a meeting.  They arrive at a pub on the north side of the city to find the DI seated at a table beside a wary, haggard-looking Hector McFarlane.  Ferguson is his usual no-nonsense self, though he avoids looking at the redeemed lawyer.   Sherlock thinks he sees guilt shadowing the crags of the DI's face, but he makes no comment.
As he strolled out, Sherlock marked no less than seven cameras attached to the ceiling, their lenses angled to capture every movement in the gallery.  They would have to be quick.  He scanned the area, located the Mazarin Chair, and bounded over to it.  He dropped to his knees and began collecting data.
“Buried alive,” Sherlock pronounces.  “Her killer piled coal on top of her; not all at once, of course, seeing as she struggled.”  He points to the corpse’s hands, resting placidly on her lap.  “The killer added more and more coal until she was crushed.”
Joe flinched.  “He said… he said it had to be a Fae material.  That if I did it, I’d get a cut of the Vermeer painting payoff.  He said it was a part of the game…”
“Right.”  John was suddenly exhausted, as if a boulder had rolled over him, crushing him with its immense weight, suffocating him with dust and grit.  He wanted to be left alone.  He wanted to sleep.  He wanted Sherlock at his side.
“No,” said Sherlock, “it wasn’t.  John, that chair and Nathan Garrideb’s chair had smooth legs.  The one at Sylvius’ flat was treated with some kind of mold to texturize the legs.”
He bounded through the crowd of officers, who gave him a wide berth.  The big man followed at a considerably slower pace.  John was left beside the body, fury roiling in his gut.  At last he creaked into motion, trailing behind them.
“Yeah.  They said they’d keep an eye out.”  Lucy laughed bitterly.  “Bloody useless.  I asked my boyfriend, Jeff, if he could meet me after my lectures and go home with me, but…”  She trailed off with a sigh.
“I…”  But Sherlock’s focus was lost as Redbeard bowled into him, licking his face with gusto.  Sherlock scratched the dog behind the ears.  “Hullo, Redbeard.”
enough.  Sorry, Sherlock, but even you can’t help me now.  I think…”  Her voice dwindles to a whisper, making her sound small, childlike.  “…I think I’m going to die.”
“Yes,” I manage.  I lick my lips and nod.  Something in the old woman’s stare sharpens, but I don’t let myself dwell on it.  Can’t lose my momentum.  “I’m.  I’m looking for Mr. Sherlock Holmes and Dr. John Watson.  Are they in?”
Sherlock cinches the belt of the dressing gown, tugging the knot tight.  Fully armored, he repeats, “Yes.”
“That’s… incredibly fucked up,” John concedes.  “So, this killer is using Paget Shopping Center – where Porter and Goodwin worked – as a hunting ground.  That narrows down our search, at least.”
John tilted his head with a quizzical look.  He toed off his shoes and shrugged out of his jacket, hanging it on its hook.  “Everything alright?”
And – because Sherlock is a frank man by nature, because he despises treating children like idiots, and maybe because John made lasagna and John chose low-lactose cheeses without asking, for Sherlock’s benefit, and that makes Sherlock insidiously, deliriously happy – Sherlock slips up and says, “I have toys.”
They dress up and go to Angelo’s, holding hands in the cab, holding hands over the table as Angelo himself stops by with candles and a fond smile, holding hands as they order dessert.  Sherlock’s downfall is his own unreliable appetite; he hasn’t eaten all day, preoccupied with experiments and preoccupied by the prospect of returning to the flat after dinner.  His fettucine alfredo is rich and filling, the wine is plentiful, and the tiramisu he polishes off at the end is a behemoth of heavy whipping cream and mascarpone cheese.  All delicious, but it congeals in Sherlock’s stomach like a stone.
For all their caution – despite the shower and the tea and John turning up the heat in the flat a generous few degrees – Sherlock goes to bed that night with an itch in the back of his throat and wakes with what appears to be the plague.
“Er, yeah,” said Sebastian, shrugging.  “Whatever.” With a wide, close-lipped smile, he leaned forward in his chair.  “I’m glad you could make it over. We’ve had a break-in.”
Sherlock turned off the tap and looked at him.  “John, I would very much like to kiss you right now.”
This evening, John had ordered in – Chinese, a safe staple, and from one of Sherlock’s favorite restaurants.  One with a tarnished bottom third of the door handle. When the food arrived, he laid it out on the table by the sofa, hoping to tempt Sherlock into sitting, having a bite.  Maybe a bit of a snog.
“Can you sit?” John asks, gently, and Sherlock half-slumps, half-falls on his arse in the muck, knees drawn up, feet braced against the cinderblocks.  The skin of his ankles is red and chafed when the cords come away.  John’s eyes are dark.  “Shit.”
“Yes.”  A kiss, smudged at the corner of Sherlock’s mouth.  “From now on, everything we do is about you and me.”
Mycroft’s knuckles whitened around the umbrella handle.  “Not yet.  Mrs. Watson is proving a far more intelligent adversary than I had first anticipated.  We can safely assume that her hacker is James Winter, in which case, they are currently beyond our ability to locate.”
“I said I wanted you,” says John, “and I meant it.  I mean it.  If…”  He hesitates, licks his lips.  “If you’ll have me, that is.”
“Honestly, John,” Sherlock says, chuckling, fighting back the urge to dissolve into gales of laughter.  “Really? I thought—I thought you were a grown man, not…”
Sherlock leaned back against the counter, fingers curling around the cool edge.  “Well, since we’re of the same mind, perhaps you should trot back to the hospital.  Mary won’t like giving birth alone.”
Later, as Rosie dozes on the sofa with Sullivan standing guard at her side, Sherlock unearths a packet of cigarettes from a loose-leaf tea canister and goes to the loo.  The tile is cool under his bare feet and the night air raises gooseflesh along his arms and neck as he opens the window, lights a match, and takes a long drag.  Smoke smolders in his lungs.
“She’s gone to ground for now,” said Sherlock.  “Mycroft’s agents have Baker Street secured for now.  You can rest easy.  Tomorrow, we can send Rosie and Mrs. Hudson to a safe house.”
thing.”  He paused for dramatic effect and barreled onward just as John was opening his mouth to speak.  “He had this freakish way of spotting Fae. Don’t you remember, Sherlock, how you ousted Professor Alba?  Old fellow had grown his hair out to cover the pointy ears.” He tapped one of his own ears to illustrate.  “Never thought much of it. Then Sherlock swans in one day, high off his tits on cocaine, and demands how Seelie gentry come to teach maths.”  Sebastian guffawed, oblivious to his guests’ silence. “I’ll never forget the look on that old goat’s face!”
A laugh – cold, hard, rising in the high scream of wind.  “Spare me the melodrama.  We both know the score where John is concerned.”
“It’s obviously a mixture of tea leaves, but I need a moment to determine the components. Whatever you are doing with your hand is making it difficult to concentrate.”
Emboldened, Sherlock then risks a trip to Valparaiso, Indiana, USA in May to solve his favourite sort of case: a locked-room double-murder. There he experiences constant orgasmic bliss for hours and hours in a Motel 6 while a supercell thunderstorm produces golf ball-sized hail that destroys his rental in the parking lot. The tornado sirens scream warning that he and his sprite completely ignore in favour of everything they can think of doing to each other. And when he’s completely wrung out, they just lie there holding hands, listening to the storm’s fury.
Analysis of recent and historical weather data necessitates a vacation to several tropical locations in December and January. Mycroft doesn’t understand his sudden obsession with solving crimes in rainforests, and Sherlock would stay there permanently if he didn’t love London so. Also, money is a pesky thing - he likes to pretend it doesn’t concern him, but he does unfortunately have bothersome bills to pay whenever he can be arsed to be reminded of them.
I follow my friend around the large building until we are facing the back yard. The brick wall keeps us locked out of the villa, even though it’s not very high. Sherlock gives me a look and I know what he’s thinking immediately.
Back at home, I explain to Mary what has happened and why I missed out on dinner. When I get to the part of Sherlock’s reaction to my request, she starts to giggle. She doesn’t seem to be mad at me for staying away for so long. We also talk about the case and I notice her rising interest in it. It feels nice to go over the details with someone who doesn’t have the slightest idea, either, for a change. When we go to bed, it’s already past midnight. I lay down next to my fiancé and close my eyes. It’s really been a quite successful day. I asked Sherlock to be my best man and we worked on a new case. I finally sensed the feeling again that Sherlock was talking about the night he returned. Even though I would never admit it to him, the thrill of the chase feels bloody good. I place one hand underneath my cheek and can’t stop myself from smiling. It really has been the best 29th of January in a long time.
After a while, they stumble up the stairs, still unable to keep their hands off each other. John isn’t sure what he’s supposed to expect, because he doesn’t want to rush anything with Sherlock. He’s not even sure whether Sherlock has got any experiences in this area, or whether he’s interested at all, even though there’s clear evidence of his interest below the waist of his jeans.
“If it’s Lestrade, tell him I’m busy,” Sherlock shouts after her. He’s definitely not in the mood for a case or a pitying look from Greg. “And if it’s my brother, tell him to piss off,” he adds for good measure.
I give the girl one last reassuring smile before turning around and using Sherlock’s hand to climb back over the wall. I briefly wait on top and decide to take Sherlock’s hand to pull him over more quickly. We jump down together and lean on the safe side of the wall, both panting and slightly giggling.
“I then proceeded to play the melody you just heard,” Sherlock adds. He doesn’t say that John vowed to never forget that they have a once in a lifetime love, and promised that no matter what challenges might carry them apart, they’d always find a way back to each other.
“Oh and you would know what I want, wouldn’t you? That’s so typical of you. The great Sherlock Holmes, knows everyone better than they know themselves.”
“I had a tea, too, at the Palace. If anyone’s interested,” John says into the silence. If Sherlock didn’t know any better, he could’ve sworn to hear a fraction of jealousy in John’s voice. He dismisses the thought immediately.
“Yeah good,” I say. It’s a lie. She probably knows that. I try anyway. I clear my throat. “Very good.” Is that more convincing? Why is this bloody blog so important to her?
I know that she likes to sleep till the very last minute. I lean over to give her a kiss on the head and slowly leave the bedroom. Downstairs, I prepare some breakfast for the both of us. It’s what future husbands are supposed to do. Sometimes I still can’t believe it. I’m engaged. I’m actually going to get married. And, as another bonus, I get to have my best friend as my best man on the wedding, which is something I never thought possible when I initially intended to propose to Mary. Well, that is if he agrees. I chuckle at the thought. After everything that happened I didn’t really find the time to ask him yet. To be honest, I didn’t really think it necessary to officially pop the question – Sherlock knows that he’s my best friend, so I assumed he would more or less invite himself to the task, out of natural habit. But so far he hasn’t mentioned a word to me, so I guess I’ll have to ask him anyway.
“I know. But there’s one thing I want you to remember, dear. A bond between souls is ancient, older than the planet. It dissolves the difference between the person we want to be with and the person we are meant to be with and unites them in one.” Mrs. Hudson looks at him expectantly.
I leave for work. I only started going back to work recently, mainly because of financial issues. After the… after last June I couldn’t work, I couldn’t do anything. I only felt numbness and pain, when I allowed the memories and feelings to consume me. Everyone was so worried as to why I was behaving like that, Molly, Mrs. Hudson, and even Greg, but they just don’t understand. He was my whole world. He was my flatmate, my best friend, he gave me a reason to live in a time when I desperately needed one. Being with him healed me, but it was more than that. We were, I can see that now in retrospect, perfect for each other. We fit together like two halves of a puzzle piece. I never used to believe in something as corny as soulmates, but it is the best term to describe what he was to me. Now that he’s gone, I constantly feel like someone ripped out a part of myself that I never knew I had before I lost it. I don’t assume people to understand the relationship we shared, they often misinterpreted it and thought that he was my boyfriend. But even though he wasn’t, he was so much more. He was my partner and I would’ve spent the rest of my life with him. And now it’s too late.
John nods understandingly and takes a step forward, closer to Sherlock. He looks him in the eyes and Sherlock could lose himself in the depth of John’s.
We slowly make our way closer to the house, or should I say mansion. While Sherlock checks the windows, I look at the basement door. It’s locked. Even the basement door has a security system. There’s no way anyone could open it forcefully, not even Sherlock. I return to find my friend already back at the brick wall. He winks at me and suddenly I see the hysterical look on his face. I turn around and see a small child standing in the window pane, watching me. Since I can’t think of anything better to do, I smile at her and slowly walk backwards. The girl looks at me curiously but apparently doesn’t intend to alarm her parents. When I finally reach Sherlock, I practically fall into his arms, still walking with my eyes fixed on the girl.
Sherlock rolls his eyes, he clearly doesn’t want to talk about it. I should probably let it rest. It’s not like he owes me an explanation, or anything. I’ve been a shitty best friend lately, as a look into his eyes painfully reminds me.
John looked at Sherlock to check whether the question was genuine. His mind started swirling with possible answers, none of which seemed appropriate.
John pulls apart after a while, but his hands rest on Sherlock’s shoulders. “I just want you to know that what happened to me wasn’t your fault. It was an accident. The fact that you wanted me to come along after work doesn’t change anything. Do you understand?”
Sherlock’s face brightens. “Of course. You can stay as long as you like. I will always want you here with me.”
Sherlock can feel a smile appear on his face, something he has almost gotten used to in John’s presence. “I might have an idea.”
Sherlock looks away, unsure how to react. He’s moved by John’s words, but he knows he shouldn’t be. It’s better for him not to develop any sort of feelings for John – be it sympathy or others. John, albeit being his person, is married. And even if he weren’t, sentiment is a dangerous disadvantage found on the losing side.
“I simply don’t think you need it,” Sherlock says with a quick glance down John's body. He needs to focus! Why are there cow traces everywhere?!
He leaves the house feeling guilty, as usual. Mary wanted them to spend the day together, just the two of them, because they haven’t done that properly in a very long time. He had been looking forward to it, too. But the thing with Sherlock is, you never know what he’s up to. He might be doing a crossword puzzle on the couch and waiting for John to fetch him a pen, or he might be in the middle of a fight with a Chinese undercover ninja.
John doesn’t have time to wonder what the hell that’s supposed to mean, because the waitress arrives asking if John and his boyfriend would like some desert. As usual, Sherlock doesn’t comment on it. John decides that she probably wouldn’t believe his protest anyway, and remains silent.
“I don’t need to think about us. I just think about whether the brother-in-law could be the murderer or not… And I do it on the couch!”
The surprise and joy of seeing him are quickly replaced by concern. Scanning Sherlock from head to toe, John notices that the detective looks miserable, much like a mirror of John. He’s got dark under-eye circles and seems even thinner than the last time. John wonders whether he eats sufficiently; Sherlock already told him about his unhealthy relationship with food and ‘transport’ when they were at that restaurant in January.
“The universe is rarely so lazy,” Sherlock mutters more to himself than to me. “The situation has gotten out of hand. I need to go to Mr Bellinger’s house and look for evidence of a possible break-in myself. The homeless network didn’t see anything peculiar so far.”
“And I assume she scrubbed your floors, going by the state of her knees,” Mr. Holmes concludes before passing the officer whose face has gone white.
I glance over at Sherlock who’s making an annoyed face and lean over closer to Mr. Simon. I pat his arm and try to comfort him as best as possible, but there’s really not much else I can do. I know what it feels like to lose your wife, and I wouldn’t wish it on my worst enemy.
“Dr. Watson, Mrs. Blanchard was the last patient for today. Do you want to stay and do the paper work?”
They tried spending time together, all three of them, but for some reason it didn’t quite work out. That reason being that Mary hates Sherlock, understandingly. Whenever he’s with her, Sherlock can feel her eyes on him – and not in a good way. So far her love for John has kept her from saying or doing anything about it, but Sherlock knows she’s furious inside, probably burning with jealousy.
“I seem to have misinterpreted someone’s feelings for me and now I’m unsure how to proceed. As you know, I usually never miscalculate,” he finally says.
“But… but we have to do something!” I scream. I can already see a cab in the distance, but it’s not getting any closer. I wave at it, but the driver doesn’t see me. What a prat! I look back at him. He only gives me a long look, one that I last saw on him on a bench in Dartmoor, but he doesn’t help me. I start to cry. It’s embarrassing, crying in front of him, I don’t think I’ve ever done it before. I think of poor Mrs. Hudson, who is probably lying dead at Baker Street with a tea cup still in her hand.
Ever since Sherlock died, I’ve been receiving a lot of criticism and hate, or rather, hate on his behalf. At first, I tried to ignore the people that kept commenting on my old blog posts saying that Sherlock was a fake, but after a while the urge got stronger to reply and defend him. I started writing back, started having heated conversations via mail with complete strangers. It helped to release my anger a bit, but in the long run most people still didn’t believe me. They only believed what they had heard in the news, that Sherlock invented Moriarty and that he had actually committed all the crimes himself. I was getting furious. Sherlock had probably saved some of their lives, and yet these utter prats didn’t believe in him. It really got to me, and I kept thinking of a way to prove Sherlock’s innocence. Maybe publishing some of our old cases is gonna help those idiots to see Sherlock for who he really was. If they could see him through my eyes, they would never doubt him. He was so much more human than he let the public know. In a way he was the most human human being I’ve ever known.
They briefly stared into each other’s eyes and John tried to ask Sherlock for permission non-verbally, when Sherlock closed his eyes and lightly pressed his lips against John’s. The kiss was a soft, warm brush of lips and John felt like he was jumping out of an airplane, knowing that he would never hit the ground again.
“Fine,” Sherlock finally replies. “As it happens I do have a small present for you as well. Let’s eat and then we’ll open them up.”
“Yes. You see, my mind rebels at stagnation. I abhor the dull routine of existence; I crave for mental exaltation. That’s why I’ve created my own particular profession.” He watches John’s face light up.
At that, Sherlock begins to chuckle. That git! We’re having a serious conversation for once and he starts laughing at me! I look at him questioningly. “What?”
“So, you’re saying that your brother is basically the British government, that our closest friends are a DI and a pathologist and that our landlady is like a mother to us?”
“Yes, I think I do,” John replies, but his voice sounds strange. This is not how he imagined their first conversation to go at all.
I turn around. The girl from the store smiles at me. After work, I needed to get to a baby market to make sure Sherlock and I can actually put up something for the nursery. Upon entering the shop, I immediately regretted coming. “Yeah, I’m looking for a crib, actually.”
I spend the rest of the evening going over the notes again, trying to sort them in a chronological order. A couple of hours later, I look at my result. I managed to organise the pile of notes by dates and cases, and identify my old handwriting completely. Sherlock would be proud of me. I gather all the notes belonging to one case into one clear film, until I have a folder full of handwritten notes. I get up from the floor where I was seated in a pretty uncomfortable position for a 41-year-old. Before switching off the lights in the living room, I turn around after seeing a tall figure in the corner of my eyes and turn around. Sherlock is sitting on the floor with his legs crossed, staring at the folder. Suddenly, he looks up and smiles and that’s when I know that I’m going to start updating the blog again.
He really was afraid I’d believe Moriarty. Did he really think so little of me, or did he think so little of himself?
Outside, approximately eleven minutes later, Sherlock is sitting in the back of an ambulance and talking to Lestrade. Someone, probably one of the paramedics, has thrown a red blanket across his shoulders – a ridiculous attempt at comfort.
Greg calls Sherlock a week later, begging him to help him out on a case. Apparently, a man had been found dead three days ago in his garden pond with high levels of alcohol in his bloodstream. His lungs were full of water and his face was grey; his inability to swim had obviously cost him his life. Everything pointed at a tragic accident, but the victim’s wife is convinced that her brother-in-law killed her husband. The brother, Keith Downing, however, has a cast iron alibi. Sherlock was unsure what to do; one the one hand he craved a new case, on the other he had promised to only resume working once John’s memories were back. When John overheard his conversation with Lestrade, he encouraged Sherlock to take it and offered to come along.
John helps Sherlock into a seating position in order to pad him on his back. They’re very close on the small tank and John can see water drops falling from Sherlock’s curls. For a moment he’s mesmerised by it and blends out his surroundings completely. He doesn’t hear the rushing of the water anymore, the cries of the killer or Sherlock’s heavy breathing. He doesn’t care that he’s mad at Sherlock, or that he’s lying bare-chested in a freezing warehouse. All he can do is fight the urge to lean forward and touch those dark, wet curls.
Sherlock cuddled his cheek closer to hers and placed his free hand on John’s neck. He pulled him close and gave him a short kiss.
“What’s the matter? Do you want a try?” Sherlock asked, trying to stand up from the swing, but John was blocking his way. He shook his head but didn’t make an attempt to move.
His fingers are dribbling on the table, a clear sign of impatience and nervousness. Even though he knows there’s objectively no reason to be any of said things, Sherlock can’t get himself to stop. He keeps checking Angelo’s front door, waiting for the small bell to make its distinct sound, but for now John Watson is nowhere to be seen. After the quite successful evening he shared with the doctor yesterday, Sherlock was eager to include him further on solving the case. John’s attitude towards shooting out compliments seems to be one of the reasons why Sherlock decided to keep him around. He hasn’t figured out the remaining reasons, yet.
“Eh, okay.” I climb out of bed and reach for the bedroom door. “But you can only have the salt sea spray,” I murmur, still half-asleep.
Lestrade heads off into the opposite direction, leaving Sherlock to walk through the quiet tunnel with John. They have never been men of many words, sharing comfortable silences with each frequently, but this silence feels different. After not having seen John for so many months, Sherlock wants nothing more than to talk to him. He can hear John clearing his throat, a clear sign of his nervousness, but with a possible blow-up of the London Parliament and hundreds of people dying Sherlock doesn’t feel like it’s the right time to resume their argument.
“You’ll know what I mean once you meet him. I had Mycroft book us two rooms in an Inn close to town so we should be able to visit Henry later today.”
“No,” Greg says, crossing his arms. “There are no side tunnels, no maintenance tunnels, the train never stops. But somehow this bloke got off. And there’s more… the driver of the train hasn’t been to work since; according to his flatmate, he’s on holiday.”
They really try, but you can tell that something has shifted in their relationship. Back at the wedding, I couldn’t believe how lucky I was that my best friend and my wife liked each other, especially considering that the amount of people my best friend likes can be counted on one hand. Sherlock really liked Mary, they got along great. And then, not even two months later, she shot him, and I thought I would never forgive her. I didn’t even talk to her until Christmas, when the evidence of our marriage was already visible underneath her sweater. Sherlock was the one who eventually convinced me to forgive her. He had already forgiven her a week after it happened. Sometimes I wonder how he did it. Maybe this whole divorcing yourself from feelings can come in handy at times.
“So, Rosie finally popped the big question?” Sherlock asked when John entered the living room half an hour later. He was sat in his chair, looking up from
“It’s fine,” John says with a glance at the man whose face is turning alarmingly red. “We’ll get you some once we arrive.”
“Sherlock, please.” The tall man turns around, looking down at him from his position three steps higher.
“Well, if you’ve heard it all before, you probably know that you should get some sleep. It won’t be any help to your husband for you to stay here all the time and refuse nutrition and rest.”
Two days ago, however, John got a call from a number that made his heart perform a tiny jump. Sherlock told him about Henry Knight and his post-traumatic monster and asked him to join the investigation. John agreed immediately. He feared that convincing Mary wouldn’t be an easy task, but for some reason she didn’t seem all too interested in his weekend plans. Lately she’s been spending more of her evenings with friends from the gym, leaving John home alone or going out for a pint with Greg or Mike. God, he doesn’t even remember the last time he had sex.
“I’m sorry, Dr. Watson. I’m sure he’ll return to London eventually. He left his heart in the city, after all. In the meantime, I wish you all the best.”
I turn around and see my wife standing in the doorway. She’s already wearing her pyjamas. Her gaze wanders through the room until it sticks with the mobile.
“We’ll see how it goes, hopefully there won’t be any embarrassing silences,” John says while placing his mug into the sink. He picks up his lunch bag, crosses the kitchen to where Mary is still reading and presses a light kiss onto her temple.
The next morning John knocks on Sherlock’s door for a full three minutes, before a cleaning lady appears telling him that Mr. Holmes checked-out early. He really shouldn’t have expected anything different. John spent the whole night lying awake, thinking about the kiss; about Sherlock storming off and about the consequences for his marriage. He briefly considered knocking on Sherlock’s door, but he didn’t trust himself enough to not do anything stupid. Guilt and regret have been his companions ever since. This should never have happened. How could he be so selfish; so cruel to his wife and Sherlock? The two people he cares about most in the world, and he disappointed them both within the blink of an eye. Thinking about Mary back at their home waiting for him makes John want to vomit. No matter what their current situation is, she doesn’t deserve this; doesn’t deserve a husband like John. Mary deserves someone who loves her completely and unconditionally; but since last night John knows for certain that he’ll never be able to do so again. She trusted him enough to befriend his soulmate, and he couldn’t stop himself from misusing that trust the first chance he got. She will probably hate him for it, but he knows with absolute certainty that he’ll never forgive himself for betraying his wife. He never cheated on anyone before; always believing in honesty and faithfulness.
Sherlock is the first to step forward. He extends his left hand, right arm occupied with holding a toddler. “Hello. I’m Sherlock Holmes. It’s a pleasure to meet you, Harry.”
Sherlock watches with amused curiosity as the two continue to make plans for the following event. It’s possible, he mused, he could get used to socializing without having to focus on any experiment if
Harry quietly approaches "You're nothing like him, John." she says in what she wants to be a soothing voice but instead it comes out shaky. Tears threaten to fall but she holds back.
“Hi.” He says softly. He can hear rustling through the phone. His mother is probably fidgeting a lot by now.
"It's OK." They both say it in unison. John had noticed Harry’s change in mood and felt the urge to comfort her. Harry just wanted to ensure John that it was fine and she was glad he took his time.
Harry tries to release some of the tension, "You're still too small, but that obviously hasn't stopped you."
"Yeah?" She looks at Sherlock and Rosie outside. "He's odd but he's attractive, I'll give him that."
"The detective?" Harry asks slowly. He can tell she's fighting back a laugh, "You can if you want. Whatever you want. I just feel like seeing you. It's been a while."
“It’ll be alright, John,” Sherlock says, eyes focused in front of him. He’s sitting in the driver’s seat of the car with John behind him, keeping a close eye on Rosie.
He slams the pot down on the shelf again and Harry folds her arms as if to shield herself from him in some way.
"Since now. Because I get to see for myself what the other Watson is like." There's a hint of playfulness in his voice.
Harry stares at the drink in her hands and furrows her brow. "I worry about becoming like him too." She admits quietly. John doesn't reply (
This chapter is a lot longer than the first one and has much more exciting things happening in it so I hope you enjoy it!
"Sick of me already? What? Need to get me out of your home? I thought this was a family reunion! You hiding something? Don't tell me it's a girl, I was sort of hoping you were over that." His voice slurs more and more as he speaks.
He's hunched over, laughing to himself. "Guess I'm really not welcome here." John forcibly lifts him up and pushes him out the door.
"It has." John closes his eyes as he says this. He slowly starts pacing from the window to his chair, back to the window.
Harry is slightly relieved by the sudden knock on the front door, however loud it may be. She quickly excuses herself from the uncomfortable conversation and goes down the hall.
John gives her a pained expression. She's reminded of that scared little boy who just can't understand why his mother is crying, alone at night.
Something in her use of the pause set off another round of giggles, but a darker note permeated their bell-bright music.  The figure of fawnskin and moss green was silent, unmoving.
“Oh my God.”  The hand slipped from Sherlock’s shoulder.  Rubbing his hand across his mouth, Sherlock stumbled upright.  John was staring back in the direction of the crowd.  The weathered lines of his face had deepened into grooves of pain.  “I’m so sorry, Sherlock.”
The corridor ended at a massive archway, doors thrown wide to admit the crowd.  Sherlock bolted through and stopped, shoulders heaving.  Heads turned at his entrance, but Mycroft’s disdainful expression was nowhere to be seen.
looked, letting his mind construct facts from the clues.  Hair product, clubber’s eyes, designer pants. Utterly ordinary.
“He’s becoming ambitious,” Sherlock says.  His gaze drops regretfully to the dead girl.  She was found by the coffee shop manager, unmarked but for her cleanly-broken neck.  Yet another testament to the killer’s physical strength, but nothing beyond that.  “She was attacked leaving a party,” he adds.  “Going by the state of her shoes, she was heavily inebriated.”
“I believe she does love Rosamund,” said Sherlock quietly.  “As much as she can.  I think she loves her so much she knows it’s her greatest weakness.  The biggest chink in her armor.”
“Good.  That’s good.”  John is silent for a moment, rubbing Sherlock’s stomach, fingertips trailing to the waistband of the sweatpants, skirting back.  Sherlock’s nerves are tingling.
It was with a dead thud that John recognized the handwriting – of course he did.  It adorned his marriage certificate.
Chaos lay before them.  Shards of glass and porcelain were strewn across the floor, glittering in the weak light.  Further away, a display case had been overturned, its shattered contents spilled onto the floor.  A shape caught John’s eye and he aimed the Sig, only to realize his target was a grandfather clock.  Springs curled like wiry hairs over the jagged edges of its ruined face.
Alexander made a choking sound and tried to disguise it as a cough.  Sherlock shifted, guilt written into every line of his body.  “I’m… sorry.”
“Ms. Brackwell is one of London’s foremost collectors,” he bragged in nasal tones as he led them down the corridor to the gallery.  “She is considering branching into  paintings…”
They find her sitting cross-legged on the floor, having taken her stocking from its nail above the fireplace.  The disgorged stocking lays limply at Rosie’s side as she tears open a bag of Maltesers and dumps the candies into her palm.
John’s face is drawn and pale, his shoulders rising and falling with ill-contained panic as the cab rattles toward Dartford.  His hands are shaking in his lap; Sherlock wants to reach across the seats, to take John’s hands in his, but he quells the urge.  This is his fault.  If he hadn’t let himself lose sight of the case, the Father Christmas Killer wouldn’t have Rosie now.
“You’re still here?” Sherlock said with a smirk.  “No need, John.  Alexander can help me.”  He nodded at the big man, who frowned and looked to John.
He stalked after Sherlock and shoved the front door open.  The detective was waiting on the pavement, hands shoved deep in his pockets and shoulders braced against the chill.  John came to his side and Sherlock leaned away, as if his mere presence was repellent.
John halts, looks at Sherlock.  The light from outside renders his pale skin icy and blue.  Sherlock’s hands itch to touch, to caress, to seek beyond that cool façade.
John tensed.  He had been so preoccupied that he hadn’t realized Sherlock was still there.  He glanced over his shoulder.  Sherlock still stood in front of the door, face flushed with the kiss.
John goes to the loo and twists the shower lever, jetting hot water into the stall. Steam curls in the air as he tugs off his sweat-encrusted shirt and bloodstained jeans.  The nurses cleaned off the cuts on his face, but the itch of stale blood crawls across his skin.  Tossing aside his clothes, he steps into the stall and lets the scalding water buffet him.
The deduction is not a novel one.  Sherlock has suspected as much for years.  But with the new revelations about John, with the kiss in the stairwell and John surging hard and gasping against him, with John’s teeth at his throat and
Sherlock lifts the violin, lays the bow to the strings – and lowers them.  He feels like a weight has settled on his chest.
Sherlock stood and peeled off his gloves.  Tossing them on the table, he turned and hobbled to the kitchen sink.  He balanced with one hand propped against the counter, using the other hand to reach for one of the green tiles in the recess.  The tile held for a moment, then came cleanly away in Sherlock’s hand, revealing a hole hewn into the wall.  There was a clink of ceramic as Sherlock set the tile down and reached into the hole.  A clear bag dangled between his fingers, its white contents sifting from side to side.
“Think of it this way,” says John, stepping closer and rising onto his toes as if to whisper a secret in Sherlock’s ear.  Despite himself, Sherlock leans forward, curiosity piqued.  John’s breath fans warmly against his ear.  “I have a job so I can afford vital things like condoms, lube… all sorts of fun things.”
“Yep.”  Craig turned the laptop back around, tapped at the keys, and turned it again.  A wall of code was presented to the trio, none of which John found remotely comprehensible.  The hacker pointed to a line near the bottom of the text.  “The funds were being rerouted to a bank in Norway, which were then being transferred to London.  Here’s the address.  Flat in Peckham.”
Sherlock stands so quickly his chair clatters to the floor.  John makes the mistake of trying to stand, too, but his feet tangle beneath him and he topples sideways, face gray.  Sherlock races to his side as he fumbles his mobile phone from his pocket and dials 999.  “John.  John!”
Sherlock took a proper look at Craig’s text.  A second glance made his racing thoughts stumble in shock.
“Sherlock.”  John’s voice was thin.  The fragile calm he had scrounged together over the past few hours crumbled, making his heart pound and throat tighten.  Tears filled his eyes.  “Oh, God, Sherlock.  I love you.  But Rosie isn’t going to be living with us.”
“You aren’t big enough to reach that,” said John.  He scooped her up, cradling her against his shoulder.  “And I suspect you never will be.  Short genes, that’s your lot.  Sorry about that.”
John’s mouth worked for a moment, then flattened into a tight line.  He lowered his arm to his side, fingers curling into a fist.  “Right.  Let’s go.”
Sherlock cannot move – cannot make a sound.  He can only stare, frozen by a terror greater than anything he has ever known. His perception narrows to the space between the knife and John’s pale, vulnerable throat.
John’s hands are so much more.  They are as much of a contradiction as the man himself, blessed with both a doctor’s deftness and a soldier’s strength.  Sherlock looks down at his own hands, eyes tracing the faint scars of chemical burns and countless fights.
“Not at all,” said Mycroft, surprising him.  “I want you to keep an eye out for this man, nothing more.  He’s highly skilled, and therefore highly dangerous.  If you get so much as a whiff of him in London, I want you to tell me immediately.”
“Um.  Maybe a bit.” John clears his throat and shifts closer on his knees, eyes downcast, the bay leaf spinning a chaotic pirouette. His fingers shake as they settle on the bedclothes.  “This is. This is a lot.”
“Thought you poofs were all about freaky shite,” the drunk fires back.  Sherlock can feel an idiot-induced migraine coming on.
Hand-in-hand, they climb the stairs.  They shut the door behind them, lock it.  They kick off their shoes and cross the flat with quiet, sock-clad steps.
So, when John returns from the clinic a few days later looking drawn and haggard, Sherlock immediately plucks a gem from the pile.  He turns over the idea, studying each facet in the flashing light of deductions whirling through his mind.  John is exhausted, frustrated, irritable.  A long day at the clinic:  two separate patients whinged at him for head colds, one hypochondriac demanded to have her scalp checked inch-by-inch for nonexistent lice, and an elderly man vomited on his nice brogues.  His hair is mussed and bruised circles hang under his eyes.
Then he jabbed one finger in the direction of the tea tray.  “But first, you have to eat a little toast.”
“You have money and perfectly good police in America.  Well, I say ‘good,’ but they’re probably just as inadequate as most law enforcement.”
Sherlock said nothing, suspended on an indrawn breath, as if the words had been stolen away as John’s time had been.  “Your memories.  They took your memories away?”
“All right, that’s enough.”  But a smile is fighting past the weariness on John’s face, and Sherlock will give not an inch.
Sherlock closes his eyes, stone-still, as John brushes his hair aside and dabs at the scrape on his forehead.  The alcohol stings with a clean, burning twinge.  Hidden in the dark behind closed eyes, Sherlock’s fantasies begin spinning once more.  He imagines John lowering the wipe and penlight, cupping Sherlock’s face in his hands, coming close to kiss his hurt, his lips.  A flush rises to his cheeks.
But no matter how Sherlock bent his mind to the case, he could not tease apart the threads of detail and isolate a single strand of truth.    All the evidence pointed to McFarlane’s guilt.  Sherlock felt himself caught in the inescapable pull of his own certainty, one that dragged him past cold facts and pure data, past a boundary horizon and into a realm where belief alone ruled.  He knew McFarlane was innocent, and he could not escape.
Seb’s jaw drops and he gives a bark of laughter.  “What, seriously?  You two?” A cruel grin stretches across his face. “I didn’t think you were fond of
“Precisely,” said Sherlock.  “You have nothing to gain by helping them, Wiggins.  In fact, if they’re half so dangerous as you believe, incarceration by Mycroft may be the best protection you can get.”
boring.  I’ve got an idea.”  Fetching up one pill bottle from the tabletop, the puppet uncapped it with deft fingers.  “Why don’t we keep playing the game? I’ll make you a solemn vow. If you win, I’ll tell you what you want to know.”
“Don’t look at me like that,” says John.  “You’re in this predicament because you were careless.  Think of it this way – you have incentive to rest and let yourself heal.”
Su Lin dropped the teapot with a sharp gasp.  Crouching, Sherlock fetched it out of the air, sparing the relic an untimely demise against the tiled floor.  He pressed the teapot into Su Lin’s trembling fingers.
“Sherlock.”  John lays a hand over his curled fist, thumb rubbing at the tension between his knuckles. “I really am sorry.  I should have told you, but…”
They missed the killer, in the end.  The American in the cab couldn’t have possibly murdered Jennifer Wilson and the others.  Defeated – and
“Please?” he implored, letting a mischievous quirk tug at his lips, like he and the nurse were in together on a little secret.  Again the nurse hesitated, but after a moment, a tremulous smile lit her face and she crossed to the desk on the wall opposite of John’s bed.  Rifling through a drawer, she found the chart and presented it to him.
Mind empty, John climbs the stairs to his bedroom.  A t-shirt lays on his bed, discarded a lifetime ago; he grabs it and stalks back downstairs, hand on the bannister.  If he lets himself think – lets himself
“I’ve had a lot of practice being horrid to you,” Sherlock says, and the words are meant to sound flippant, but they don’t, they don’t at all.  It’s as if the hypnotic work of scrubbing has loosened his tongue.  “It only follows that I’d be adept at the opposite.”
“Of course.”  John emerged from the kitchen and crossed to the front door.  Opening it, he called down the stairs, “Mrs. Hudson?”
Faint nail scoring on his neck suggests nervous tic, fingernails stained from repeatedly inducing vomiting…”
John nodded, mouth set in a tight line.  Releasing Sherlock’s hand, he reached into the kit and pulled out a roll of gauze.  “Yes.”
“Oh, nonsense,” says Mrs. Hudson.  “I’ve only lived this long because I keep moving about, you know.  Anyway, enough about that.  How was the train ride?”
He turns and stalks off without another word.  Sherlock watches as John finds Lestrade and the two fall into amicable chatter – no doubt commiserating about what a miserable bastard he can be to work with.  To
“Yes,” says Sherlock.  His own voice sounds faraway, muffled by the rhythmic churning of the Thames.  “Yes, I do love your father.”
“Mr. Wilkes,” says John, his tone arctic, “it was a pleasure seeing you, but Sherlock and I are out for a special occasion, so if you could…”
Sherlock was not listening.  The record player of his brain had been broken, the needle juddering on a loop of
The figure turned, and John drew up short.  In the short time he had known Alexander Grant, John had never once seen the man distressed.  Now, his face was a bloodless mask of shock.
“It doesn’t have a taste,” Sherlock mumbled, his words puffing warm against the crook of John’s neck.
Sherlock pries his fingers from John’s hip and reaches down between his legs. John makes a sound someplace between a whimper and a moan.  Sherlock takes his time, winding him tighter, tighter.  John’s body is as taut as a bowstring when he comes at last, eyes screwed shut and brow sheened with sweat.
Lestrade says, and there’s a steel edge to his tone that gives Sherlock pause.  “We already checked the CCTV footage outside Honeycomb Primary School.  We verified it was Catherine who took Rosie.  On top of that, we have a relative of Catherine’s willing to testify to her… erratic behavior.”
Furrowing his brow, Sherlock tried to puzzle through the past hour.  He had… he had…  “I fell into the pond.  Think I saw a… a fish.”  A glimmer of pale, cold flesh darting through the water.  Yes, it must have been a fish.
John rounded on Joe with a ferocity that made the other man cringe.  “How could you do that?  She’s your sister!”
Rosie fought with every bone in her little body, but she was only an infant – after half an hour of hellish protest, exhaustion claimed her.  Gingerly, John placed her in the cot, turned on the baby monitor, and turned off the lights.  He closed the door with infinite care and padded softly down the stairs.
Wincing, Su Lin turned her head and stared at the bottom of the tabletop.  It was as if she could see through the wood, see through to the carnage of her beloved teapots.  Her eyes closed once more and she stilled.
And then they were racing down alleyways and over rooftops, chasing a serial killer with the night wind on their faces and adrenaline singing through their veins.  Sherlock hadn’t expected John to follow – hadn’t expected him to keep up – but John did both, cane forgotten as his body seized control.
Sherlock stands, wincing, and clicks shut his magnifier.  “The murderer used a length of piano wire made from a steel iron alloy.  The serrations in the spine are quite distinct.  Piano wire is typically made strictly from steel; the alloy is unusual. We simply need to find where it was made and trace the killer from there.”
When at last he sinks into slumber, the dream rises fast in his mind, a riptide pulling him in.  Limbs twining, spines arching, mouths moving together, stealing soft murmurs and cries. A gasp as John grips, thumbs digging into the soft places beneath iliac crests, and thrusts up into tight heat.
John huffed noncommittally as he crossed the room to stand by her side.  Peering down at his daughter, he was unable to fight back the new wave of emotion gathering, slamming into him.  Rosie’s features were crumpled as if in discomfort.  She coughed and wrestled against the blanket.
John’s voice is low when he speaks. “I wanted you to stay, Sherlock. When we kissed everything changed. I left Mary.”
“Keep your voice down.” He continues in a more serious tone. “You were gonna take that damned pill, weren`t you?”
“I’ll show you the way,” Sherlock explains and guides John out of the hospital, towards the cab already waiting for them. Sherlock holds the door open for John and double checks whether he has buckled his seat belt before fastening his own. He tells the driver to drop them off at 221B Baker Street and sees John’s questioning expression in the seat next to him.
He wondered whether Sherlock was awake but there was no sound coming from his bedroom. John took his time preparing everything and only when the scrambled eggs were almost done did he hear someone’s footsteps on the stairs.
“Er, look, Sherlock, we have to be rational about this, okay? Let’s just stick to what we know, yes? Stick to the facts.” John’s voice, now soft and tender, has a soothing effect. Sherlock takes another shaky breath.
“What brings you here three hours before the New Year starts? I thought you and Mary were celebrating with friends.” He emphasises the last word as if it were an insult.
“Well, she seemed a bit superstitious – claimed it was partly her fault her husband died because she’d dropped a mirror or something. Otherwise she’s a pretty ordinary woman,” Lestrade replies.
“You obviously told her that we’re friends,” Sherlock finally said. “And that you and I love her no matter the nature of our relationship.”
“Pranking Mycroft does sound like a good idea,” Sherlock replied thoughtfully. “Although my initial idea included finally drinking that Bowmore we were gifted by Mr. Carlyle last year.”
“I’d say he must have died about three hours ago. That’s strange. I somehow thought he might have something to do with the kidnap,” John says.
“I’ve been wanting to do this for so long,” he says before finally taking my length into his mouth. It feels bloody amazing. He slowly starts moving his mouth up and down and uses his hand to help him. He takes me inside his mouth so deeply I’m afraid he’s going to choke, but he doesn’t. I lean upwards to watch Sherlock. He seems to have noticed my shifting, because he looks up and stares into my eyes while sucking on my cock even harder. Jesus, I think I could come from the sight of this alone.
Hatty Simon shifts uncomfortably from one foot to the other and I can tell that she thinks about shutting the door in front of us. Before she has the chance, I intervene.
In his room, he pulled off the ring, an act that turned out to be harder than he had anticipated. For four weeks it had sat perfectly on John’s finger, but now it felt like the ring refused to come off. John pushed and pulled until he was finally able to get it off. He took the ring between his thumb and index finger and stared at it with a burning feeling behind his eye-lids, when suddenly he noticed something. On the inside of the ring there was an engraving in italic letters.
“Yes, yes, yes, YES! That’s good, that could be brilliant!” Sherlock interrupts. “It’s not an underground network, John. It’s an UNDERGROUND network.”
We leave the flat and take a cab to one of the richer districts in London. The houses seem to get bigger and bigger until the cab finally comes to a halt. We stand in front of a Victorian villa with huge windows and a large garden surrounded by a brick wall. Sherlock aims straight at the wall and examines the installed security system with great interest.
Sherlock let go of his hand to near one of the swings. The park was dead silent, and the rain kept pouring down on them. “Did you know that my mother never let me go on a swing after I’d broken my foot once?”
John doesn’t even remember falling asleep. He wakes up half atop of Sherlock, his head draped against Sherlock’s neck. His curls are tingling John’s cheek, so he props his head up to look at the man underneath him. Sherlock seems to have been awake for some time. John feels a wave of happiness – unsure whether it’s Sherlock’s or his own – flooding him, but he doesn’t care. This time he allows himself to drown in it.
But how could he ever move on from John Watson? How could he ever live, laugh, solve crimes, eat, sleep or breathe with knowing that the love of his life is out there without him? Suppressing his emotions has taken up all his strength; and after 19 and a half days Sherlock can feel his walls crumbling. He finds himself thinking about John and their horrible situation more often than not.
They are interrupted by Molly bringing Sherlock coffee. He comments on her lipstick and the momentary lack thereof, all the while watching Dr. Watson from the corner of his eyes. Once she has left, Mike and his friend make amends of leaving as well.
Either way, he has an almost free choice of location, even though there’s one place Sherlock can’t go to – the place where his heart desperately wants to lead him. His fate is a cruel one – the only place in the world where he wants to be is the one he can never return to. If he could, he’d fly back to London within the blink of an eye.
John pauses. Does he want to tell Sherlock how they fought because of him? How Mary freaked out when John mentioned something Sherlock said during dinner? How she tried to force him to break off their contact? How he told his wife that he doesn’t want to stop spending time with his person?
I return to Baker Street and see Mrs. Hudson’s suitcases in the hallway. Apparently, she’s back from her trip and playing with Rosie. I knock on her door and see her sitting at the kitchen table with my daughter.
“Yes, this is Dr. John Watson. Dr. Watson, this is Detective Inspector Lestrade.” John briefly shakes the man’s hand from across the tape – at least he’s got the manners to do so.
“Rosie, I promise you that everything’s fine between me and Sherlock,” John finally said when Rosie still didn’t seem convinced. “He’s my best friend and that’s… good.”
“Until his body decides that he’s had enough rest and wakes up on his own,” Sherlock interrupts, repeating the words he has heard so many times by now. “He’s in a vegetative state caused by a traumatic brain injury. If he stays in this condition for four weeks, it’s going to be a persistent vegetative state, which would minimise the chances of his recovery significantly. Believe me, my husband’s a doctor and I’ve heard this all before.”
In the grey light of morning, London is blanketed by thick fog that clings to pavement and roils off the Thames.  City bustle is softened into ghost figures, the muted rumble of engines, and the orange halos of streetlamps.  People emerge from the mist and vanish back into it, sweeping out of sight in the space of a breath.
Sherlock blinks, stunned, because John has done it yet again.  Surprised him.  Despite the clues, as plain as the scent of bay leaves, Sherlock hadn’t anticipated this outcome.  He had become obsessed with the laws governing biology, the mating rituals that have dictated animals’ survival for thousands of years.  Blindly pursuing his own research, he’d ignored the obvious: that John might want him, too.  That
Mrs. Hudson beams at him.  Sherlock can’t tell if she’s seriously misjudging the hard look on John’s face or if she simply doesn’t care.  In the kitchen, the kettle begins whistling and she leaves to attend to it.
They lapse into silence again as the film plays on.  Scrooge learns the error of his ways and reforms, claiming the whole of humanity as his family and sharing his wealth with all.  It all strikes Sherlock as very trite and simplistic, but then, he never had much of a head for literature.   John would adore this nonsense.
“All right?” he asks, but Sherlock is already grabbing the hem of his t-shirt, affronted by its presence.  They manage to tug it over his head with a bit of a shuffle.  Sherlock balls it up in one hand and tosses it into a shadowed corner.  Twists around to catch John up in a kiss, stale but eager.
At the National Antiquities Museum, a frazzled Andy explained Su Lin Yao’s prized teapots.  “If they dry out, then the clay can start to crumble. Apparently, you just have to keep making tea in them.”
Is it a desire of hands to hold, of limbs to entwine?  Is it a compulsion to protect and never count the cost?  Is it a constant knife of guilt between the ribs for ripping away something cherished, even by mistake?  Or is it, as Sherlock always maintained, a phenomenon born of hormones and chemicals and the bursts of synapses?
John’s face contorted as though in great pain.  The wrongness of it sank into Sherlock, hurting in a deep, visceral way.  John shouldn’t be in pain.  It spurred a torrent of thoughts and
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Sherlock sneers.  Hurt flashes through Rosie’s eyes and he adds, “Yes, I do.  Obviously.”
He kicks back the duvet and shoves a hand down his boxers, his blood thumping behind his ears.  But what little pleasure he can give himself is a pale imitation of what he’d been anticipating all evening.
“’Old still,” the thug says.  The switchblade in his hand gleams with menace.  “Or I’ll gut you.  Got it?”
“No idea that I would like you in leather, straddling a Harley?”  John smirks.  “The business of consulting detectives is in a sorry state.”
John pulls him in for another kiss.  Tongues meet, twine, taste.  “I bet you do.  Bet you love that, the feeling of smooth silk cradling your bollocks.  Yeah?”
John said nothing, did not move an inch – and then he looked at Sherlock.  His hands went to the clasps of Rosie’s carrier, detaching her with expert ease.  Cradling the baby against his chest, he looked Alexander in the eye.
One evening, while John is out at the shops (a clever ruse on Sherlock’s part – bless John’s sweet, technologically-challenged heart, they don’t
Lucy shook her head with wide-eyed incredulity.  “I know how it sounds.  But these people sent my father death threats when he left the cult.  Part of the reason he moved to England was to get away from them.”
That’s what John is beginning to think, anyway.  If pressed to answer that question, he would choose a mixture of A and B. Possibly simultaneously.  With a bit of C thrown in, assuming C can encompass “bursting into flame and ascending to a higher plane of existence after having roughly, thoroughly, and
“Oh,” said John, fighting not to cringe as the weight of the situation fell upon him.  Sherlock made no such effort.  Selkies and their daughters had been the subjects of marital abuse for years.  If someone stole their coat, they could no longer take seal form and return to the sea.  They were forced into a life of servitude, of bearing their captor’s children and keeping his home.  Only when they found their coat could they flee, and their abusers were careful not to let that happen.
“It doesn’t really matter, anyway,” she had said.  “Nowadays, it’s only an honorary title.  And it’s not as if Sherlock would…”  She trailed off with a snort.  “Sure.  Let’s give it a go.”
John pins him with a suspicious look, but eventually he concedes and offers the client a hand.  “John Watson. Pleased to meet you, Miss…?”
The thought niggles at him, disconcerting.  If Sherlock had asked himself the same question a decade ago – perhaps even five years ago – he would have scoffed at his own stupidity and fallen back on his usual
she wouldn’t have the sense or skill to conceal it.  She would be parading around the flat with a bloody thong on her head.
Only an idiot would forget he still has a girlfriend when—well.  He would forget he has a girlfriend.”  He spits out the last word like a string of bile.  John opens his mouth to protest and Sherlock adds, “The alternative, of course, being that you’re a liar.”
of John’s heartbeat flutters against Sherlock’s, twinning them like the steady ticking of a metronome.
“John is my husband,” says Sherlock.  His voice is too quiet, too timid.  Such a thing should be declared with pride, but suddenly Sherlock feels very small.  Pathetic.
Sherlock presses his face to the crook of John’s neck, rakes his teeth over the pulse-point just below his ear.  John shudders in his arms, and Sherlock’s mind sprints after his racing heartbeat, fantasies tangling with memories:  of John shaking beneath him, chest rising and falling with the staccato drumbeat of his breathing, of John cursing and whimpering as Sherlock pushes in deep.
Twiddling the pencil, Sherlock considers the empty Wish List.  “Well, what do you want for Christmas, Watson?”
Hunting for damselflies, Sherlock left his usual path to make for a cluster of trees on the other side of the field.  He suspected there was a pond at the center of the stand.  According to his book, damselfly nymphs favored aquatic habitats.  He set off toward the trees.
Lowering his violin, Sherlock gives in to the hunger clawing at his belly and walks to the table.  The takeaway box contains crisps, a spinach salad, and a wrap stuffed with chicken, bacon, cheese, and veg.  A zing of chili sauce snaps across his tongue with the first crunching bite.
Alexander flinched like he’d been dealt a blow.  He said, “Rose and I were married in April of 2002.  She always… always liked the spring.”  With a muttered curse, he covered his eyes with a hand and shook his head.  “My God.  I can’t believe you’re saying she’s alive.  It’s not possible.”
“To whatever you like. I’ve got a good dry red standing by and your James Bond films out.  And Top Gun, if you prefer.”
Sherlock’s lips move against his better judgement.  “If I find you a training violin, will you promise me to try?  Try to learn, even when you get bored and tired?”
She drifted away and was tottering down the stairs before Sherlock could find his voice.  As if sensing his discomfort, Mycroft favored him with an oily smile.
He also knows the ability of the iris to open or close, controlling the size of the pupil.  And he’s certain his pupils are huge now, ink-dark, drinking in every particle of light reflecting off of John Watson.
She sped off with a rev of the engine and a squeal of wheels.  Standing on the curb, John watched the Aston Martin vanish around a corner with a suspicion that he had fallen through the looking glass.
“They’ve made a connection between Charles Porter and Theresa Goodwin.”  John pauses with an expectant look.
There is a beat of silence after I lower my hand.  Two beats, three…  Maybe nobody is home.  Relief and disappointment war within me as I step back, jostling a passerby.  He shoots me a sidelong scowl as he strides past.  It won’t be long before London is fully awake and humming with the multitudes on their way to work, to breakfast, to appointments.  I can’t just camp out on the doorstep.
“No.  And the lab couldn’t get proper funding without Uncle Ralph, so I lost my job.” Violet balls her hands into fists on her lap.  “I—I needed money, so I started looking for work.  Nannying. Anyway, I found a job that offered twice the going rate to nanny for a man’s daughter.  They hired me on the spot.”
"Oldacre nicked it when I went to amend his will," McFarlane explains.  "Then it was only a matter of asking my mum to confirm it was mine."
John looks at him.  Feeling his anger crumble into shame, Sherlock drops his eyes to the tabletop.  “I’m… sorry.”
John scrubs a hand over his brow, mussing his unwashed hair.  “So, Carson steals Laurence’s girlfriend’s overnight bag, intending to plant the poisoned shampoo—”
“Already done,” said Greg.  “Sherlock had everything – food, clothes, the whole lot – sent over as soon as he was out of surgery.  Also sent us a little of his own money, I think.  Probably him trying to make up for being a shite godfather at the start.”
“Ah.”  John takes the wailing demon, settles her against his shoulder with one hand under her bottom, and begins swaying about like a drunk.  “There we are, love.  Come on. Ooh, hush now.”
“It doesn’t count if you’re hallucinating for two of the five,” John retorts.  “We aren’t all night owls like you, Sherlock.”
As Sherlock spoke, he lifted Rosie into a sitting position, one large hand bracing her arms against her chest while the other hand cupped the back of her head.  Without warning, Sherlock abruptly lowered her, releasing her arms but keeping the back of her head cushioned.  Rosie froze, arms still pinioned in place.  Her chest rose and fell rapidly.
On the day Rosie proclaimed her hatred for the violin and Sherlock, he knew his symptoms could no longer be chalked up to boredom.  John had unwittingly helped him stave off the first assault of the black mood, but even he could not keep it at bay indefinitely.
Sherlock turns his head a fraction, scanning the surrounding crime scene.  John hovers at the police tape.  Their eyes meet, cling – and John looks away.
John is undeterred.  “Come on.”  Taking Sherlock’s arm, he leads him across the sitting room, stopping at the threshold of the bedroom.  Sherlock’s heart flutters and he looks to John, who only shakes his head.  “Sorry, love, but no.  Put on something comfortable and meet me out here, yeah?”
John smiles pityingly at him.  “I think we’ll have to postpone that plan.  No, it’s a cuppa and an early night for you.”
She nods.  As she speaks, the reticence clouding her features slowly dissipates, giving way to a kind of robotic aspect that suggests she’s said it before – to her therapist, no doubt.  “He was very intelligent, so he knew to keep a friendly face most of the time.  Outside the house, he was sweet, affable.  Cheeky.  Everyone liked him.  But with us, it was like he removed a mask.  He could say the most cutting, hateful things and make them sound offhand, like all the little hurts didn’t matter.  And… and it wasn’t
“I’ll be fine,” John muttered.  He extricated himself from the seat belt and opened the passenger door.  “Thank you, Mrs. Hudson.”
“It’s just,” John continued.  Christ, this hurt.  Every word hurt.  The pain in his side was a tickle by comparison.  “I think this would be best… for you.”
Updating early due to the scheduled downtime this evening.  This chapter is not Brit-picked - incidentally, if anyone is willing to Britpick on a weekly schedule, please contact me either here or on tumblr at Zingiberis.  I would really appreciate it!
“He was helping me,” Sherlock cuts in.  He is mightily relieved to hear his voice emerge cool and controlled.
Once again, Sherlock is caught off-guard.  It’s maddening, being so disconcerted.  Is this how normal people feel – constantly astounded and confused?  It’s no wonder Lestrade and his lot never get anything done.  And, because he has reached Lestrade-levels of astounded and confused, all he can utter is a stupid, “Oh?”
The paramedic goes white.  Poor thing. Really has no idea who he is trifling with, though clearly he has the sense to know the danger in which he’s just placed himself.  He gives an audible gulp and offers John a hand.
“Then, one evening when I was getting my things together, he stopped me at the front gate.  Grabbed me.” Her hands uncurl, fingers moving restlessly.  “He was drunk.  Tried to kiss me, started saying filthy things.  Things he wanted to do to me.”
After John has left, he follows Hudders into her kitchen. They sit down with their steaming mugs and Mrs. Hudson tells him about her start into the New Year. Sherlock falls silent, only half listening. His thoughts start to wander to John – what is he going to tell Mary? Will he obey and stop seeing him? Why didn’t he agree to it right away?
John leaned closer, let go of Sherlock’s hands and gently touched the side of his face. It was only when he wiped away the tears that Sherlock realised he was crying. And suddenly, it was the most natural thing in the world to lean forward, close his eyes and kiss John. It was wonderful and amazing and everything that words fail to express.
“I don’t know;” Sherlock admits. “I want to go undercover, internationally, and do some ‘leg work’, as you’d call it.”
“I can’t go myself as I am currently busy thinking,” I hear Sherlock say from the living room. I roll my eyes in response and forego answering verbally. Instead, I make two cups of Earl Grey, add milk to both and sugar to one cup, and return. I place one mug on the coffee table next to the sofa and sit down on my desk to drink from my own. Sherlock still hasn’t moved, but he has his fingers tucked underneath his chin, a pose which I secretly call the ‘thinking-Sherlock’ pose. Maybe I shouldn’t be too harsh with him at the moment, considering what had happened lately. I observe Sherlock, who has apparently drifted off into his mind palace, and can’t help myself from thinking back to the events of New Year’s Eve. Sherlock is probably mad at Irene for lying to him. He grieved her, as far as I can tell, and now it turned out that she faked her own death. Who would do something like that? Of course she wanted my help to return her bloody phone, which is still in Sherlock’s possession. But that’s not the only reason why I keep thinking about that night. Sherlock is probably in love with her. She thought I was jealous because of my anger, but I really wasn’t. I was just worried for my friend, and a bit annoyed at the amount of text messages he had received from her before her faked death. It was 57 messages up until Christmas Eve alone, and who can focus on anything with this stupid text alert noise going off every other minute? It was annoying, that’s all. To be completely honest, I was a tiny bit relieved when Sherlock identified her body, because that meant the playing games thing was finally over, or so I thought. I regretted that thought right away, however, when I found Sherlock at home, silent, playing sad music on his violin and barely eating anything. I know he does that all the time anyway but I’m fairly sure it must have had to do with –
“I do, usually, but today we’re having a case, and Mary and I agreed to never bring her to cases.” Saying her name out loud still hurts. I clear my throat.
He lets his back rest against the chair and listens to Sherlock telling him about the last time he was sick. He ends up staying the rest of the day, and only leaves after watching Sherlock sleep for half an hour.
“I came over to the college as soon as possible, but somehow I ended up on the wrong side of the building,” John continues.
He leans forward in his chair until John can see the brown spot in his right eye. His voice is deep when he continues. “Besides, it’s not like I’ve never done it before.”
And with that, John gets out of bed and disappears into the kitchen. Sherlock stays in bed a bit longer, enjoying the feeling of his silk bedsheet and the comfortable mattress beneath him. After the accident he had slept on the couch for months and couldn’t bring himself to sleep in his bed when John left. When John returned a week ago and they spent the night in this bed together, Sherlock woke up without back pain for the first time in ages. This was also when he slept through the night for the first time in ages, but that had nothing to do with the mattress.
“It’s late; we should spend another night at the Inn and leave tomorrow morning,” said person says to him. John doesn’t respond.
“… you,” I finally finish. Sherlock starts to blink rapidly but doesn’t move nor speak. I decide that he’s probably thinking about my declaration and simply wait for him to answer. When he remains silent for a couple of minutes, I tap my foot. He hasn’t taken his eyes off of me.
Sherlock quickens his steps and tightens the grip on John’s hand. He ignores the surprised faces of the officers outside, relishing the feeling of being John’s sole focus of attention, instead. They hurry back through the tunnels.
His best friend arrived at his doorframe, leaned against it and, crossing his arms in front of his chest, nodded briefly. “There were no acceptable ones in your closet – so Rosie and I went shopping.”
“Well, I’m glad you like it,” Sherlock replies with a smirk. They stare into each other’s eyes for a second, and Sherlock can’t believe his luck. He would thank the heavens for John Watson, if something as ludicrous as heaven existed.
“I guess there’s room for improvement,” Sherlock replies, feeling wet lines of red running down either sides of his bended leg. His hands and feet are tied together, making it unable for him to move expect for maybe fall to the side, which obviously isn’t an option.
John gulps down the rest of his beer, trying to overplay the silence stretching between him and his former friend. Even though he and Mike used to be pretty good friends in their twenties, the different directions of their careers and the resulting long time apart caused their friendship to find its end years ago. Now he wishes he had stayed at home with Mary, watching an old Western over dinner or finishing one of his James Bond novels. Instead, he met a strange young man with a pretty rude attitude and ridiculous cheekbones who has been stuck in his head for the last hour. John lets out a quiet sigh and looks down at the empty glass of Guinness in front of him, trying to come up with a topic for the slow-going conversation with Mike.
But with the case wrapped and the terrorists behind closed doors, Sherlock doesn’t have enough of a distractor to stop his mind from wandering back to London, to him. Upon waking, his face is the first thing he sees. At night, in the dark hotel room, the name he never dares to think of during the day is the only thing he can think of. Sherlock sometimes wonders whether he has similar experiences, but he never dared to exploit their connection and sense how he’s doing. He’s not even sure whether it would work from such distance.
“Okay,” I reply, trying to smile. For the rest of the way, I keep thinking about what she could have possibly meant.
“It would be nice if you could explain everything to me,” John starts. He sinks deeper into his chair, increasing the space between them.
As John started kissing down Sherlock’s neck, he heard a sound on the staircase and immediately froze. He had only just moved far enough away from Sherlock for it to seem like they were just talking when Rosie came stumbling into the living room.
“Yeah, exactly. You see, that night two days ago I found out that we’re... that he’s my – person.” Saying it out loud for the first time makes it so much more real. There’s no way to take it back now; to let it rest in the peace of oblivion.
John, unable to hear Sherlock’s quiet answer, takes another step forward. His face is almost touching the door.
He turns around and hovers their luggage up the stairs. Sherlock follows him quietly, his mind swirling.
The voice cuts through the quiet air like a blade, and John’s knees turn weak at the deep baritone he’d recognise under a thousand.
“John,” Sherlock pants simultaneously, and together they reach the point of culmination. John senses Sherlock’s desire as clearly as his own, multiplying his orgasm in the best of ways. He is sure to see stars behind his closed eye-lids, but he opens them in time to witness the last moments of Sherlock’s climax.
“Sure. This experiment is quite frustrating. I think I need to take my mind off it for a while. Rosie is still asleep?”
It’s like entering a different world; there are stacks of magazines on the coffee table, Petri dishes in the sink, notebooks all over the floor and a skull on the mantelpiece. The wallpaper has an old-fashioned black and white print on one side and a reddish-brown print on the other. When Sherlock offers him tea and opens the fridge in order to get milk John catches sight of a box of – according to his anatomical knowledge – human thumbs lying right next to a can of soup.
“I can’t imagine what it must’ve been like…” I start, but get interrupted by the sound of my phone. A glance at the display tells me it’s Mary.
When John looks down at his hands again Sherlock realises what he’s just said. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean that –”
When the food is ready, I set up the kitchen table and place everything onto it. I heat up some leftover Thai food from yesterday for Sherlock and me. We sit down to eat and Rosie tells us about the games she played with Nanny. I feed her in her highchair and keep exchanging looks with Sherlock. We definitely need to talk later. When Rosie refuses to eat and throws her spoon over at Sherlock, who catches it but ends up with sprinkles of mash in his face nevertheless, I don’t think I’ve ever been happier.
“John, I need to tell you something before we continue. You should know that I...” he takes a deep breath. “That the accident – it was my fault.”
Sherlock blinks a couple of times. What is this woman talking about? Whenever John’s with him, he has shown nothing but content and happiness. Maybe that’s exactly the point.
“Anyway, I know I had promised her to visit over Christmas, but I can’t leave you alone now, can I? She should understand that, don’t you think so, dear?”
When Sherlock returned with two steaming mugs, he handed one to John and sat down again, leaning forward in his chair. His eyes were fixed on John, and John suddenly remembered why he both loathed and loved to be the sole focus of Sherlock’s attention.
“So, when I like a woman, I compliment her on her looks.” He looks at Sherlock, thinking about what he could compliment him on. There seems to be too much.
She pushes herself up onto her elbow and turns on the yellow lamp on her night stand. Her hair is sticking out messily and her eyes are still small from sleeping, but she smiles at John and leans forward to give him a quick kiss nonetheless. It’s then that John realises he needs to tell her. She’d find out sooner or later, anyway.
She looks up at Sherlock and for a moment he feels sorry for her. Maybe it’s selfish; maybe it’s completely wrong – but he can’t give her the answer she wants to hear.
John rolled his eyes and leaned back into the sofa they were both sitting on. “Honestly, Sherlock, bickering with you is exhausting. If you actually were my husband, I’d let you sleep on the couch tonight.”
“No, no it’s fine. Maybe we can repeat this some other time? I’ll call you,” he says while getting back into his jacket. He pulls a couple of bills from his purse and gives Mike a reassuring nod before leaving the dusty pub.
“Sherlock? Couldn’t we have just asked Mr Bellinger to show us his house?” I whisper from behind. It has gotten quite late: dusk has already arrived.
He knows it’s a bit not good that he ran off to the one person his wife just asked him to see less of, but he can’t help it. After Mary stormed off, he briefly considered calling Harry or Mike, but they probably both had other plans. He didn’t want to start the New Year with the telly and self-pity either, and his feet brought him to the comfort of Baker Street almost automatically. Besides, prior to their conversation he was going to ask Mary if they could invite Sherlock anyway. And now, after one of the biggest fights in his marriage so far, he needs his best friend.
At work, the new nurse engages me into a conversation. Her name is Mary, she started working at the clinic this year and I’ve only talked to her a couple of times. I think I could like her. She seems nice, and her blonde hair and genuine smile add to her beauty.
There’s a pause on the other end of the phone. “He’s doing undercover work abroad, John.” At the mention of John’s first name, Mycroft tone shifts. “Even if I wanted to, I can’t help you. I don’t have an address or number – the mission is entirely anonymous.”
Miller takes him by surprise anyway, putting a well-fired gunshot through Sherlock’s right leg from behind that sends him to his knees. He grabs Sherlock by the head before stepping in front of him, painfully pulling on Sherlock’s hair. Sherlock tries to fight, to stand back up, but then Miller lunges forward and crashes his knee into Sherlock’s chest, which causes all air to escape his lungs. Sherlock distantly hears himself making embarrassing sounds of pain before he’s finally able to breathe again. H’s still on the floor, only managing to hold himself up on one hand. He lets out a groan and tries to free himself from Miller’s grip, but his legs still aren’t of any use. There’s a puddle of blood thickening underneath his limbs.
“The bees are so intricately made,” I say, stepping closer to examine the beautiful details of the mobile.
Upon entering the Inn, the owner mistakes them for a couple – something John stopped caring about a long time ago – and hands John a set of keys. Whilst John investigates the foyer of the building, Sherlock is still outside chatting with one of the tourist guides. Wondering what the hell they’re talking about for so long, John decides to bring Sherlock a pint of beer to infer himself into the conversation. The tour guide claims to have seen the hound and, after a bit of convincing, shows them his piece of evidence, making John 50 pounds richer within minutes.
John momentarily gives up on finding the keys, turning around with a loud sigh to look up at the man in front of him.
“Daddy, Papa, you should hold hands,” Rosie said after a while. They were just crossing Blandford Street, John and Sherlock both holding one of Rosie’s hands.
Mrs. Hudson is in the flat, Sherlock distantly notices. She’s talking to him about her latest book club meeting or something similarly tedious, he’s stopped paying attention. He knows she’s mostly here to keep an eye on him.
Sherlock, making sure that Mr. Archer stops, slowly turns towards the safe. His mind works frantically with John’s life at stake. He enters the – hopefully correct – code and looks back at the dominatrix, who gives him another vital sign. Before opening the safe, Sherlock shouts ‘Vatican Cameos’ and hopes for John to get the hint.
“My flirting methods, you know.” Talking to Sherlock about flirting is making John uncomfortable. He shifts in his chair.
This Monday was the first day of John’s two week vacation he had been looking forward to for ages. They hadn’t booked a holiday because John simply wanted to enjoy the time at home with his family, catch up with some friends and finally finish the book he’d been reading since February. Sherlock had insisted on not taking on any cases because he wanted it to be a holiday for the three of them. He had even managed to take Rosie out of kindergarten.
“My body’s betraying me. Interesting, emotions. I always considered them the grit in the lens, the fly in the ointment.” Sherlock slams the glass down onto the table, the golden liquor stirring inside.
“Er, yes, I’m sorry, Sherlock,” the doctor stammers. “I’ll be gone in a minute. You see, I’m meeting an old friend of mine, whom I haven’t seen in ages, but...”
Sherlock briefly presses his lips together. John didn’t know back then so how was he supposed to know now?
This was Sherlock, his best friend and the father of his child, who was married to no one but his work and who had never felt things that way. John couldn’t use him like this because Sherlock deserved to share a kiss with the person he
He’s stopped by Sherlock’s right hand grabbing his wrist. “You should probably w– “ but Sherlock doesn’t get to finish whatever he was about to say.
“As ever, Scotland Yard has missed everything of importance. Jack Downing was in fact killed by his brother. You can arrest him if he has a green ladder.”
The other option that I sometimes allow myself to think of is also quite unlikely. I could – hypothetically speaking – move into Sherlock’s room and leave my room as the nursery. Of course that’s never gonna happen, so I better spare myself the time of thinking about sharing a bed with Sherlock too much.
“It’s all fine. He’s fine, I promise. I’m just really tired right now.” Sherlock can’t think of a better excuse.
Once the black door of 221B comes in sight, he notices a woman waiting in front of it. Curly blond hairs are framing her face from underneath a red hat, and her blue eyes scan her environment continuously. Sherlock freezes in his movements when he sees a golden wedding band on her left hand. Could it be her? Balance of probability suggests that 50,6% of women her age are married, 72% of which wear a golden ring. The chances are still in Sherlock’s favour. When the woman sees him, she passes the remaining distance between them and stretches out her hand. The smile on her face doesn’t quite reach her eyes.
Sherlock rolls his eyes heavily, lets out a frustrated sigh, takes John by the hand and shoves himself past the inspector.
Sherlock’s eyes are fixed on mine. He takes a deep breath before he says: “You and Rosie mean everything to me. You’re the only person in the world who really knows me and still accepts me for who I am. I never thought I’d be as lucky to find someone like you. I know we’ve been through a lot, but my feelings for you never changed.”
Sherlock needs to bend his back in order to reach John’s height, he can feel tiny branches of the bush poking into his legs. His right ear itches and his feet start to hurt from this ducked position, and yet Sherlock can’t remember a better moment in his life.
A week later Sherlock, Rosie and John were invited to Greg’s birthday party. Because Greg wanted to spend his birthday with his kids, it was a children-friendly celebration. When they arrived right after the end of John’s shift at the clinic, people were already having a barbecue in Greg’s large terrace area. John hugged his friend and gave him their present (an anti-theft zip for his police batches).
“That your son has been at the inn for the last 24 hours? That your other son, I suppose illegitimate, wanted to kidnap Thomas and force you into changing your will? Or that it was our dear inn-keeper Mr. Hayes who actually did the kidnapping and murdered Mr. Heidegger?”
The clinic is bursting with patients today, mainly the flu and occasionally a more serious influenza.  I barely have time for a lunch break. After just finishing a bagel between two patients I receive a text.
“No, it’s scientific fact,” Sherlock says and I look over at him. His eyes are resting on Rosie. “I’ll go to bed then,” he adds.
John opens the door and heads out into the dark night, unable to see the smile briefly appearing on Sherlock’s face.
The last fourteen days, he’s been trying to figure out where to go next. He didn’t feel like contacting Mycroft right after solving the case to ask him to be sent to another mission. He hasn’t been in touch with his brother for six months, and he can’t say that he’s been missing the condescending voice. He could stay at the hotel for a bit longer to take some time off, but the boredom has already started to creep back into his life. If he wants to distract himself from London and its inhabitants, he needs to get hold off a case sooner than later.
Whilst Sherlock and John solved Mr. Knight’s cause of death twenty years too late, his son Henry disappeared into the Hollow after attacking his therapist Dr. Mortimer. When they arrived at the moor alongside with Greg, John and Sherlock found Henry on the verge of committing suicide. They were only able to stop him by giving him a long overdue explanation; and by killing the dog which was the object of their drugged imaginations. Once Bob Franklyn arrived wearing a mask, Sherlock came to the conclusion that the Hollow was a chemical mine field feeding their minds with the drug, allowing Bob to keep drugging Henry with the hallucinogen whenever he returned to the crime scene of his father’s murder. Reaching that conclusion, however, wasn’t the end to the case. Bob and Henry ran off into the night, one chasing a murderer, the other running from arrest. Storming after them, John quickly realized the direction Bob was headed – the mine field close to the moor. They weren’t fast enough to stop him from trapping onto a mine, nor from stopping him to lift his foot.
“Is everything alright? Are you in pain?” he gasps, looking John up and down and searching for any signal of pain.
Sherlock had apparently lost his mind. He blinked several times, feeling the same sensation rushing through him like when he first found out that John considered him his best friend. Only this time it was even bigger, even better. John still stared into his eyes when Sherlock finally replied.
“Only if you want to, of course. Rosie can sleep in the crib Mrs. Hudson got her for Christmas. You still haven’t picked it up.”
This time it’s Sherlock who laughs out loud. “You don’t really expect me to own anything close to a jumper, do you?”
John has now fully opened his eyes and stares at Sherlock, but it’s not his usual expression towards Sherlock (full of love, desire, or annoyance) and Sherlock notices instantly that something’s wrong.
Inside, Angelo welcomes us warmly and leads us to the exact same table at the window from last year. Sherlock reaches it first. I can see how he quickly picks something up from it and tucks it into his pocket. Was it a small reserved sign? We sit down and Angelo hands us the menu.
“I need… to exercise... more,” John pants. Sherlock has to repress a smile. He looks at his flatmate who admittedly has gained approximately two and a half pounds since he moved in with Sherlock, but who still looks well-trained in his navy shirt. Especially his arms and shoulder blades look strong and muscular, and Sherlock eyes them carefully.
“Yes. I can’t wait for you to see mine,” John replies with a smirk. Sherlock doesn’t have the heart to tell him he already deduced it three weeks ago.
When he returned to the roof, John was sitting on the blanket. He pulled Sherlock down next to him and kissed him. “I’ve wanted – to do this – for so – long,” he murmured in between kisses. Sherlock couldn’t agree more, but he broke off the kiss anyway.
“Unfortunately, I haven’t found advice on this issue on any parenting platform,” Sherlock replied and tapped the back of his phone thoughtfully.
“Oh, okay, that’s nice,” she replies. I can tell that she doesn’t know what day it is, or at least not its significance to me. “You should come by more often. You never know who you might bump into,” she adds.
The interior of the flat is surprisingly luxurious. We sit down on a huge leather couch while Mr. Simon serves us tea.
John has to laugh. “It’s not that easy for me. I don’t have a mind palace to go to and just… delete things.”
I follow Sherlock, who carefully carries my daughter upstairs. He places her inside the crib which, I notice with slight confusion, already contains some fresh bed sheets. My bed is made, as well, but the room looks empty without my stuff in it. I look at the white walls without pictures and the empty cupboards and somehow it still feels more like home than my own flat. Once Sherlock places Rosie down, I see him touch her cheek fondly and my heart jumps. Who knew Sherlock could be so tender?
“Have fun at the pub,” Sherlock can’t stop himself from saying. He’s still looking at the ex-army doctor. There’s something about this man that he finds intriguing, something he can’t seem to deduce – more like an intuition.
John starts to giggle, because the amount of people assuming them to be a couple is getting ridiculous.
John blinks and gets up from his chair. He picks up the present from underneath the tree, sits back down and hands it to Sherlock. Sherlock carefully undoes the bow and removes the wrapping paper, feeling John’s eyes fixed on him.
They must have been standing like this for a while, enveloped in each others’ arms, John’s head leaning against Sherlock’s shoulder and Sherlock’s head slightly resting on John’s, before they finally part.
Sherlock starts hammering the beams together that I hold out for him. It’s strange seeing him like this. He has rolled up the sleeves of his shirt and slightly pushed the curls out of his face. Even though I’ve known him for five years, I’ve never seen him do anything similar.
“My brother doesn’t do anything half-heartedly, as you should know. He told me that if you were to contact me, I should tell you that he doesn’t wish for you to search him.”
“John? Can we share a bed more often? It’s just that I slept quite well next to you and it seems you sleep well next to me, so I guess it only makes sense.” Sherlock realises how needy he sounds. For the first time in his life, he doesn’t care.
Sherlock blinks rapidly; his heart beating ridiculously fast considering that he’s kissed John a thousand times before. He closes the remaining distance between them until their breaths mingle and John lightly presses his lips against Sherlock’s.
The man takes a left turn and opens a side door leading into the warehouse. He looks left and right before entering the building, not closing the door completely. Sherlock follows him without a second thought. If his calculations are correct, he should find Miller torturing yet another female victim inside the building.
John looks back up at Sherlock, who’s watching him with flushed cheeks. Suddenly, John feels the need to crawl back up and set something straight.
“You know what – you’re right! You’re absolutely right…” He gets up from the chair and crosses the kitchen with large steps.
“Okay, that was ridiculous,” John pants, still trying to catch his breath. He leans back further against the cold wall of Sherlock’s flat at 221B Baker Street. His tall companion is right next to him, his breath still heightened as well.
He puts the drive into his pockets and returns his attention to the petri dish in front of him, when a knock on the door and a man entering makes Sherlock look up and forget his string of thoughts completely.
The first time I came around was a week after his birthday. He had visited the day before telling me that he had cleaned and baby-proofed the flat completely. Rosie had been at Baker Street before, but after Sherlock had had his break-down and had turned the kitchen into a meth lab and the living room into a collection of newspaper articles, I was reluctant to visit him. Now it feels almost normal to place Rosie into the highchair at 221B and watch Sherlock play with her.
They are interrupted by the door flying open to reveal Greg. John stares at him angrily, but the detective seems out of breath, carrying a laptop under his arm and unaware that he’s interrupting an important conversation.
“I can tell,” John replies with a smirk. “Fine, I’ll take care of you for a while, but then I need to get back home.”
After a long week, he’ll finally have a couple of days off, time to step back from his ever-going arguments with Mary and time to spend with his best friend. He hasn’t seen Sherlock in quite a while. After New Year’s Eve, John agreed to reduce his free time spent with Sherlock to once or twice a week, for the sake of having some peace at home. However, ever since John mentioned his fight with Mary, Sherlock has been strangely distant, causing John to involuntarily spend even less time with him. Whenever John came over for a visit, Sherlock was either busy with experiments or not home at all. They only saw each other a couple of times since the beginning of the year, mostly during cases, but even then it felt strange. It’s almost as if Sherlock refuses to talk about anything else except The Work – which isn’t something he didn’t do before – but somehow John always felt like the exception to Sherlock’s rules.
“Of course. How else is she going to replace me as the only consulting detective in the world?” Sherlock frowns.
face, the way he tilted his hands underneath his chin while thinking, the creases on his forehead when he examined a body, the way he curled his lips when he was about to show off, how he played the violin with closed eyes or the way he slid his fingers through his curls when he was bored. I won’t let it happen. Even though I know that I can’t live in the past, I want to preserve Sherlock’s legacy. He would probably kill me for the thought, but he was a good man. He would’ve never admitted it, but deep down I know he turned out to be a consulting detective rather than a criminal for the right reasons. Maybe it’s time to share my image, the true image, of Sherlock Holmes.
